'V;':'"- i M '!: *:Sf!:"?fllltMw|iS; ls:r*:""fi

V 'V

iiftas >g 4 i-

'K*

P*-

'Sl.

jdfe

Mi- j vtB, * JULY; 1941 RETURN POSTAGE GUAASTED """fc JA LT L A,K E C I T V. UTAH

:: P

..

ARTHUR GAETH, news commentator, heard regularly at 5:45 p. m. over KSL

"From Sources That are Reliable"

At the close of each of his news commentaries, available to KSL's listeners the complete reArthur Gaeth informs his KSL listening audience sources of its newsgathering organization.

that his information is taken "from sources that

Elmer Davis, Bob Trout, William L. Shirer, Edare reliable."In these few words, he presents ward R. Murrow are typical of the keen minds

the fundamental of every KSL news broadcast. which make Columbia's news service an outKSL's staff of newscasters draw their informastanding contribution to the American public.

tion from proved sources. Mr. Gaeth's commenCurrently, KSL provides nine news broadcasts

tary comes from actual experience and obsereach day—-hourby-hour reports on national

vation on what is now the battlefield of Europe. and world affairs to keep its listeners informed

The Columbia Broadcasting System also makes of the rapidlymoving march of current history.

Salt Lake City KSL

bob* SaHuoMawv

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

/oiters, enlargements of the thyroid gland due to a deficiency of iodine in the diet, are not limited to man but occur also among domestic animals.

In 1918, it was found that ninety per cent of the dogs in Cleveland had goiters, and it is estimated that in Montana a million pigs are lost annually from this cause. Newborn pigs in

goiter regions are stunted and hairless.

Goiters are even found in fish, in waters with an unusually low iodine content.

Addition of iodine to the water is all that is necessary to prevent it.

A curatelyShortt thatclockits ranaccumulateda year soerroracHI was only seventenths of a second.

This is an accuracy of one part in thirty million. 111

Drown, discolored fruit not only is less pleasing to look at but it also cheats the eater of the vitamins thefruit normally contains, according to—

Dr. M. A. Joslyn of the University of

California Agricultural Experiment Station.

'"Phe males of a group of large birds

A known as the moundbuilders raise large mounds of earth and decaying vegetable matter wherein the eggs are laid. Usually the father not only builds Youngsters enjoy the flavor of Heinz

this nest, which may be over fifteen feet Strained Foods. Your doctor will tell

high and sixty feet in circumference, - soughs you they're highly nutritive, and but also is responsible for the welfare backed by a 72year reputation!

of the eggs. HEINZ STRAINED f<H)DV SiVt

> HEINZ spares neither time nor expense

HPhere are enough bromine and potto make sure that Heinz Strained ash in the Dead Sea in Palestine to 4-PoinT Foods have inviting flavors the nation's supply the world's present needs for P/iotection babiesand cereals,will relish!gardenfreshCarefullyvegetablesselected meatsand years.two thousand

fruits are fully cooked choice, ripeneddiet tAtY's roe in spescientifically vacuumpacked and rifles machineguns haveXfloDERN and tins. priceless so cial enamellined And velocities bullet of twentymuzzle in are retained minerals vitamins and are preMINERALS ANDfive feet per hundred second and

sciendegree high degree. up- /VITAMINSserved in by high

and 14 readyassortment Heinz of an vegetables—vacuumpackingwards.f——tifically cooking finestgrade fruits tins. Order special enamellined in them for Strained toserve youngyour Foods is in everystep controlled Quality f Tnderwater explosions during the

of preparation. -year ster. quality bear a 7 2 name They accurately were -* World War

coast coast to that have mothers from and cooking MODERN THE MOST at distances sixty milesmeasured up to 2 have been methods packing implicitly! to trust learned in towith that apparatus used Heinz specialists by very similar developed

Institute. Mellon thefor guns. soundranging THESE TWO SEALS MEAN ofuniform ASSURANCE 2 FURTHER

by excellence FOR PROTECTION BABY in Heinzre- @n ofischemistsfurnished diabetes was apparently known search workC ugar k-'to the writer of the earliest medical Quality Control Department.

on FOODS HEINZ ALL BABY are shelves checkeddocument extant, the papyrus Ebers, AI dealers'dating from about 1500 B. C. regularly by Heinz salesmen and

+ replacedlimited time.by freshQualitystocksis controlledafter a

HPhe adult elephant's heart beats from from Heinz kitchens to consumer. twentytwo to thirty times a minHEINZute, less than half the human heart beat. STRAINED FOODS

The elephant heart beat is nine strokes faster is lying animal the when down iswhile rapid man's more when he is When Boby Outgrows Strained Foods/ Switch To HEINZ JUNIOR standing.?e F00DS12 Highly Nutritive, Special Recipe Dishes For Toddlers.

(Concluded on page 388) (Do you. JOwivThe respective attitudes of Lincoln/MmprouemenflEra Stephen A. Douglas toward and

"The Glory of God is Intelligence"387 the Mormons?

lies America of South much How Grant, J. Heber 1941 Florida? east 388 ofJULY, Tampa, Widtsoe, A. John 7 44 NUMBERVOLUME Editors States the paid United When Evans, L. Richard single a of for copy #1,000,000 Editor THE CHURCH""THE VOICE OF Managing Bible? the 390 Gutenberg

C!. Josephson, Marba QUORUMS, PRIESTHOOD OF OFFICIAL THE ORGAN Editor Associate as the suggested has been What DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, General Mgr. George COMMITTEE, Q. MUSIC WARD OF EDUCATION, MENT

Associate G. Lucy AGENCIES C annon, OF THE CHURCH OTHER TEACHERS, AND Mgr causedus to ofthethenorth?sudden Mayan exo391 Business Orton, K. SAINTS. Mgr. LATTERDAY J. CHRIST OF JESUS OF

What particular request President

Grant made of the youth of the

Church at June Conference?. 393 JobJsL #(L QonbmLL

Where to find the M. I. A. Theme

JJul dil&vL (paqsL Howfor a 194142?strange blessing found ful394 A Greeting to the Youth of the Church..Heber J. Grant 393 fillment in the life of Parley

P. Pratt?. 397

QhuJvdfL J'SiaiuMA, What the highlights of the 46th

The Constant Operation of Divine Law David O. McKay 394 M. I. A. June Conference were?. 399

The 46th M. I. A. June Conference...Marba C. Josephson 398, 399 The true story of the relationship

Brigham Young and Jim Bridger Glynn Bennion 400 between Brigham Young and Jim

Letter from Brigham Young to His Wife, Mary Ann Angell.... 405 Bridger? 400

Pioneer Beginnings in Arizona James W. LeSueur 407 In how many ways children can

Songs and Hymns Sung by Latterday Saints explore nature unaided? 404

George D. Pyper 409

letter a Brigpersonal from What Is Evil? Evidences and Reconciliations—XXXIX. What his wife, to Young Mary ham A. Widtsoe 417 John Angell, reveals? 405 Ann

NoTobacco-Liquor; Aaronic 429

388, 426, 427, 430 Ward Teaching 431 How the Church fares in "the

The Church in Reno, E. Vaughn Genealogy: A Modern Pilgrimbiggest little city in the world"?.406

....432 age, Perkes 406 Helen Ashton Abbott

presentday canals follow Where In Farres H. Ontario for July433 Woods, Hymn Music—Church irrigaprehistoric an extensive C. Messages: Mutual and Newman Nyman tion network? 407 406 434 Petty M MenGleaners

The Church Moves On 415 BeeHive Girls 434 What young folk would enjoy readPriesthood: Melchizedek 426 Field Photo 435 ing this summer? 413

SpSTOJOt J>SUriJUASL6u In what military outpost of the

An Old Book and a Prayer Hon. Louis Ludlow 390 ChurchUnited hasStatesjust beena branchorganized?of the415

Exploring Nature -C. F. GreevesCarpenter 404

Whether good and evil exist apart

Dolling up the Dooryard James M. Kirkham 410 from human behavior? 417

Summer Reading for Young Folk Marba C. Josephson 413

to make an L. D. S. social How for PicInfra the Universe, Dramatic FrankExploring Red

event a "friendsmeet"? 420 tures, 408 H. Jr., lin S. Harris, 385 Henry Graham

Lincoln, Douglas, and the MorOn the Book Rack......414

mons, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 387 Homing: A Friendsmeet, Edith

Telefact -......388 Lovell.420 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

The Religion of the Mayan Handy Hints 421 OFFICES:

Street, Salt City, 50 North Utah. Main Lake 421 Here's How Common Folk, Charles E.

Inc., 1941, Funds, Copyright by Mutual a CorCorner, Barbara B. 391 Cooks'Dibble poration ImproveMen's Mutual of the Young

Looking Back at Ancient AmerBurnett 421 ment Association of the Church of Jesus Christ rights Saints. reserved. All Subof Latterday.442 to Advertisers ica, Index William and Dewey

in price, a year, $2.00 advance; 20c 408 and Ours Farnsworth Your Page 448 singlescription copy.

matter. as for secondclass Acceptance

atjdiJt&iicdtu Utah,mailingEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City. special rate of postage provided

Profile of a Century Richard L. Evans 416 forauthorizedin sectionJuly 2,1103,1918.Act of October, 1917,

Brain Insurance Marba C. Josephson 416 The Improvement Era is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conSl&USLdu, (pDSdAlf, QhDAAWSftxL (pUfabL tributions.by sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

The Shadows Flee.Mary Pratt Parrish 397 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Another Blue Day Estelle Webb Thomas 402 REPRESENTATIVES

Such a Young Mother Christie Lund Coles 411 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

An Exodic Saga, Harry J. Winstead 392 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Beardsley 389 Poetry Page. 412 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Frontispiece: Old Glory, Opal A Quest, May W. Johnson... 437 CIRCULATIONS

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....446

JhsL Qdvza, This desert scene photographed by Sullivan C. Richardson has been retouched by A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Charles J. Jacobsen to give it some of its pioneer realism. It is a reminder of a day

when men and women faced facts—and conquered them. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

LINCOLN, DOUGLAS Has your kitchen had aruLihsL MORMONS By Albert L, Zobell, Jr. its BEAUTY BATH today?

aid Joseph Smith to Stephen A.

Douglas S Judge, you will aspire to the presidency of the United States; and if you ever turn

the Latterday or against meyour hand of the Purex removes stains, the will feel weightSaints, you hand of the Almighty upon you; and you stickiness, food odors

that live to seewill and know I have testiand food particles—in for the conversation tofied you, the truth

of this day will stick to you through life.'just 2 minutes and it

From that afterdinner conversation leaves things so sweet in the Mansion House in Nauvoo, May and sparkling!

18, 1843, the paths of the two men separated. The Mormon Prophet went

like a "lamb to the slaughter,"and those who would not renounce the divinity of his message were driven into the Rocky Mountain wilderness.

Meanwhile Mr. Douglas went on to THE PUREX 2-MINUTE

pursue political ambitions. Certainly

he was presidental timber. PLW/S SH/Tt/S rMs oi/r XM0lfS

In 1857, the "Mormon Menace"SrA/NS SCORCH flared again. Brigham Young, it was

said, had conquered the wilderness, and was now plotting to destroy the government of the United States. An army

was dispatched to Utah.

In the east the Mormon question was being discussed everywhere. In

fact, this same Stephen A. Douglas

found occasion to say of Mormonism at

Springfield, Illinois, June 12, 1857:

The knife must be applied to this pestiferous, disgusting cancer which is gnawing into the very vitals of the body politic.

seared the roots and cut out by beIt must HERE'S ALL DO! Pour a small YOU of Purex amount on drainof stern iron the unred hot andover by full board strength, cloth. spread and with a wet Wipe

.. fail all efforts to law.flinching. Should

bring them [the Mormons] to a sense of drainboards, sink and stove enamel with same cloth. Rinse

duty, there is but one remedy left. Repeal with plain water. Pour, a little Purex into drain, and let stand,

the organic law of the territory on the to deodorize. Add this final touch to your regular kitchen

ground that they are alien enemies and outclean-up—do it daily for just one week—and see

of oflaws, unfit citizens one the free and3 how much sweeter and brighter your kitchen is!

of the states confederacy.independent

"The Little Giant,"as he was called, became the Democratic nominee for the presidency of the United States in 1860, but he had turned his hand against

Saints.the Latterday Pimev

unheralded person in one Asked1860: "What are you going to do with Urea

Utah, Mr. Lincoln?"the, r -.v '.;-s.v&&e, bleach

of Lincoln student the casual Even pracano ALLROUND CLEANSER of homely, expect some bitwould tical philosophy from this deepthink- ing, selfeducated frontiersman.

"is began, like a green he "Utah,"Purex makes bleaching as easy on linens as just plain washing!

froncleared log a newly onhemlock tier farm—it's too heavy to move, too

knotty to split, and too wet to burn.""

"What do you expect to do with the

Mormons, Abe?"

"Nothing,"said the man who was soon to be known for all time as the savior of the Union. "I propose to let

them alone."Inferior bleaches often Purex always has the In fact, Controlledstrength. bottle weak, same vary—one Used is less as Action Purex

Roberts, Comprehensive ] B. H. directed, History of the the it is safe next strong. Overeven hard on linens than exvol. 183189.Church, ii. pp.

-Bill Fleming, "Know Your Utah"(cartoon). Salt bleaching often results. for finest linens. tra rubbing would be!

or 1938. 1937Lake Tribune'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

T E i E F ACT OUR LIFE IS BETTER college & university enrollment

U.S.A.

GERMANY ft

Each symbol represents one student

ITALY II WW per 1,000 people SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORP. til

Exploring the Universe sameence iswheelextremelyat rest. smallThe andactualdoesdiffernot

( Concluded from page 385) become measurable until for moving rpHE relativity theory in physics states bodies their velocity approaches that * that all energy has mass. Hence, of light.

when energy is added to a watch spring 4 continent of South the of Amerthan mass A ll a greater it has winding, OPERATES HOT PLATE by **'is Florida, east rotating ica and similarly, of Tampa, a unwound; when

IN AVERAGE HOME flywheel has a greater mass than the Columbus, Ohio.

FOR ONLY

A M0NTH 10

An Electric Hotplate can be plugged in anywhere, in the kitchen, on the porch, in the backyard, or in the canyon cottage.

Today, they cost less than ever and can be purchased on convenient,

easy terms.

See Your Dealer or Utah Power & Light Co.

SUCCESS in

Beauty Culture

can be yours... but

you must start on the right foot by getting the finest training available. Quish training prepares you to face the future

with a sense of security. ENROLL

NOW! Write for illustrated catalog.,

QUISH School of Beauty Culture "The Best in the West"338 So. Main, Phone 4-0313

Salt Lake City, Utah Fill in coupon catalog. illustrated for new- V. C? <.

Used by permission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

..... *&

(foL <<*i. 8nianfyiovZ *'EXODIC SAGA

By half,,'all f y HARRY J. BEARDSLEY FREE *****& *,;;

Travel Folders i. Colorful 1941 vacation travel folders

tripplan- help make the scrambled, border we haveO'er ning your easy Ask ambled, the Desert O'er Painted Pacific local UnionIWe have crossed the Kaibab forest, bus agent.

And Saguaro's cactus stand, In the Rockies we've been keen on

Mesquite, cholla, sage and pinon,

Where adventures rise to greet youOn the way to Zion land. m union pacific strces

II.

Where the deserts greet you often

And the canyons never soften, Where you pass from heat to snowfields, //To the tops of mesa lands. YOUR HUSBAND WILL SAY YOU'RE "Al

the topsO'er ranges of mountain the caps changes WHEN HE TASTES THIS have no snowWhere

Where Oquirra and the Wasatch,

Stand apart from roving bands.

III. SUNGLOW

'Tis the land of purple sagebrush, Delicately rich golden cake, desert's paint brush, m AbA EL painted theWhere

Splashes wide with vivid colours tender and velvety. But be

sought. realm so oftenThis sure to bake it with Globe "Al"Cake Flour for

the Great Throne uprises,Where White

Over Zion Canyon's sizes, best results. You'll say it's the finest cake you

the spells indeedWhere are awesome, ever made! himself hath wrought!That God

IV.

To the barren Salt Lake regions

Where the sturdy Mormon legions

Fought and passed the Rocky Mountains 'Til they came to Deseret.

When it comes to admiration ForWe doffa pioneeringour hats innationwonder,

And we're still admiring yet!

V.

Tis a lesson of achievement, Tis a tale of great endurance Tis a song of greatest courage,

Of a faith that's strong and great.

'Tis a flame that ever liveth Based on labours and on hardships,

But the spirit is the greatest,

It has made the Mormon state!

(Privately printed at Waterbury, Connec ticut, by the author, and reprinted here by permission.)

.::

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

"L D. S. Training Pays 1."An old book

TIMES ARE AND A CHANGING.. PRAYER

EXTENSION fiu/Jit Tlow! OF REMARKS

OF During the past yea* *fte HON. LOUIS LUDLOW L. D. S. Business College has of Indiana

had the greatest demand in votion and reverence for the Word the history of the school for of God.

trained office workers. HPh is excerpt from the Congressional The Germany of Martin Luther.

3, of 1940, * Record concernJuly of Indiana, B. Conkey, Walter

first ing the printed, ever book of the greatest pubof American reone to cently the attention Presiof came dent Heber J. Grant, and at his suglishers, once said:

gestion it appears here with its deeply // there is an inanimate object that thoughtful message its challenge and possesses a living soul, it is a book.

that to a generation has forgotten many things other generations have If this may be said of secular books learned. how much more certainly must it

hold true with reference to the Word of God?

to of faith, the eyes conthrough feet MR. speaker, a few hundred Is it possible, I wonder, looking from the place where

that the Bible ceive Gutenberg may

I in a specially am standing, it that soul powerful so a have may designed ornamental case, rests a inspire emotions and reactions that book which is one of the most outwill rescue the world from the crustanding relics of all of the ages. For cible of war and death and destructhis book the Government of the tion into which it has fallen? I

United States in 1930 paid $1,000,- would like to imagine that there is 000. As the years come and go, such a potentiality about that book.

countless thousands of our people, I wish that some afternoon soon intermingling with pilgrims from all members of Congress, when the over the world, pause reverently news from the shambles of Europe and admiringly to feast their eyes on is especially depressing and the this ancient tome. weight of the world is heavy upon

their hearts, would adjourn their

The book to which I refer is endeliberations, walk across the Captitled to the high estimation and the itol lawn to the Library of Congress, special consideration accorded to it place their hands on the old Bible, in the opinion of mankind for several and pray. Perhaps the magic touch

reasons of that Bible would convince them

If this demand continues—and inFirst. It is the Word of God, in that there is a better way to settle

dications are that it will—right now which nearly 700,000,000 people on the world's troubles than mass muris the time to begin YOUR busithe surface of the earth rest their der. I can suggest a prayer which

ness career. hope of resurrection and life ever- I think would be appropriate

lasting. in Father Heaven, "Our who at Write for information once about

the universe taught created and who It is distinctive Second. because of training, our courses, methods of the the fatherhood and us God is first printed. the ever book When tuition rates, really low and said of us to brotherhood man, who libraries the vast contemplate efitwe

fective service. employment rest, in the our hands book which on the countless and printed of volumes

works now individually owned 'Thou shalt not kill; thou shalt love

throughout the world this, the first thy neighbor as thyself,'and 'peace book ever printed, rivets and holds be with you,'please, we humbly be-

L D. S. theCongressimagination.alone it isIntodaythe Librarysurroundof seechend theThee,Agecurbof Butchery,the reign ofandtyrants,bring

ed by 5,000,000 other books. the minds and hearts and understandings of men into harmony with Thy BUSINESS Third. It is distinctive because of divine purpose, to the end that the

struction, rescued saved and be may where was it printed? And COLLEGE the place where it was printed. world, which is leaping toward deis divine grace. Thine For by Thy In Germany. Salt Lake City, Utah the the and the power kingdom and

The Germany of the ancient deglory forever. Amen."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

WlayafL Qommmc

FtSHCJtMSW By CHARLES E. DIBBLE A special booklet for youl

It is full of suggestions that will help you catch more Eric S. Thompson, archeologist fish—have more funl A copy

J 'ofWashington,the Carnegiehas Institutionreported theof is yours for the asking.

results of excavations on the BritishHonduras-Guatemala border. In this

region he has unearthed dwellings of the common folk of the old Mayan

Empire.

Thompson's studies show that the layman possessed a less intricate religion than that fostered by the priest class. The great mass of the Maya

had a simpler religion more compatible with their daily life and activites. Occupying themselves with astronomy,

mathematics, chronology, hieroglyphic writings, and art, the Maya priest class, or professional priesthood, sponsored a pantheon with involved ritual which was probably not the object of mass participation.

Some students of the Maya suggest that the sudden abandonment of the southern Mayan cities and their exodus to the north could have been due to a revolt of the masses against a religious hierarchy.

There has recently come to light an authentic and valuable "History of

Peru,"written by Felipe Huaman

Ponia de Ayala in the early seventeenth century. The following excerpts appear in a review of the work by Dr.

Luis E. Valcarcel in a publication by

the National Museum of Lima, Peru. Get service at this sign

Huaman says that the Incas received at death such skilled treatment that their bodies were completely preserved and their faces and eyes appeared "alive."The

jewels of gold and silver buried with them died servants Manywere very elaborate. to Proved On The West's their masters to accompanyvoluntarily

the tomb. The funeral of a king lasted Toughest Jobs

thirty days.

The Indians of the mountains had the Since 1850, LEVI'S Waist Overcustom of inserting gold, silver, and cocoa alls have proved they could "take farms, ranches it"and on Burial dead. of the mouths into theleaves in mines—Guaranteed camps. lumber of llama and rich cloth were wovenfurnishings

if rip."free they pair new "Awool.

In the Chinchaysuyu region it was the after death. five days to intercustom A LEVI'S sacrificed to the deceased andsheep wasmembers of the family abstained for the WAIST OVERALLS

with patented RIVETS COPPER CONCEALED their in food. eating seasoningtime from

pockets back on special food, Llapisca, of a partookThey 8c CO., San Francisco STRAUSS of potatoes and LEVI mashed madewhich was

blood. The cadaver -was washed and with

many ceremonies carried to the tomb. These

ceremonies were repeated in ten days.

I:;.: m mm.:...:.:::.

Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts.

,y country 'tis of Thee"sounds sweeter still"M

Than when its living colors first unfurled

Their majesty on some high, holy hill, And made a torch of glory for the world. OlxLlifu

TThe pioneers that made this nation great

Still live within our hearts; the good they taught

Builds towers for our strong defense, and hate

Will beat in vain against their lofty thought.

C""\urs is a shining hope, a living, sacred thing,

Eternal, safe within our Father's hand... By OPAL WINSTEAD

is free,"sing. "America we proudly

We hold the torch men love and understand.

CL hssthu. to thsL

youth, of. thsi. gfaitek.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

a [ do ask the young people to read and learn section one hundred twentyone of the Doctrine and Covenants."

TVy heart is full of gratitude to the Lord that I am er Roberts and myself for counselors, I suggested able to make the opening speech at this conthat I would like us to start a new magazine and ference of the Young Men's and the Young Womhave Brother Joseph F. Smith as editorin-chief,

en's Mutual Improvement Association. myself as manager, and Brother Roberts as the

There are many here who are not aware of the man who would devote his time to editing the magfact that I was a counselor to President Henry A. azine. I felt from the start that it would receive

Woolley of the first Young Men's Mutual Imgreat support because of the wonderful ability of provement Association, organized under the direcBrother Roberts as a writer, my willingness to work tion of President Brigham Young. Twice in my as the manager, and the prestige that would come

life I have prayed to the Lord, asking Him to give to it through having one of the Presidency as the me positions. The first prayer was when Moses Editorin-Chief.

Thatcher, having lost his standing as one of the The magazine [The Improvement Era], as you

Apostles, lost also his position as a counselor to all know, has grown rapidly, and since the Young

President Woodruff, who presided over the Young Men's and Young Women's magazines have been

Men's organization. I prayed that I might be combined the growth has been very, very rapid.

chosen to fill that vacancy in the Young Men's It is wonderful to me that we are now selling over

Mutual Improvement Association. 50,000 copies a month.

grateful for splendid expression the beyond I am

I I tell this told before, story it again but have this people to of magazine, the support and I know it it is that years happened. agobecause The many of the person not than a one more Church member

I business President with next had dayvery some it is thinks the best of pubmagazines one who after the business counselors, and andWoodruff

I lished. splendid with the very work happy am said: F. over President Smith Josephwas

is that our being Improvement done Mutual by

I is it to a think mistake "President Woodruff,

I at Associations. standing that the people know of the Presidency the of one Apostleshave two and

the of are them of God, head and men women

I the Association.presiding over Men's Young

all their zeal laboring energy, that with and and that three instead counselorsthink should have you in their are the they of blessed being work. Lord that ofof two, not should a and them be one mem-

I it is feel to that for not long a wisdom make me I the the that of of Council suggest Twelve.ber

this the morning, people speech ask but young I do Brother B. here Brother chooseyou Heber and H.

I as the of asked graduates Brigham Young three counselors insteadRoberts of have and two."

four hundred last—over to turned Brother asked Woodruff and me

section one hundred me if ofUniversity,them—to Wednesdayread and learn I willing to serve. be told thatI would him I would

of the Doctrine twentyone and Covenants, to to delighted anything do. and hebe do wanted me starting with the words: can rolling "How long tell toI did not care the night only him that it was

before that I had earnestly prayed to the Lord to waters remain impure,"and continuing to the end section, five the of for every so and to do month to this position. forhave chosen me My reason

it in fact, years; I think well be if they would the positiondesiring that the was had Young Men

six for read it once years. every would week neglected; sadlybeen they did not a have General (Concluded on page 447)Board that held regular meetings and the Contributor had failed because of the lack of support. I * (Message by President Grant, presented by President J.

felt the great need of a magazine, and I was perReuben Clark, Jr., at the opening session of the 46th Annual

in the I. A., Conference the Tabernacle, Friday of M.fectly willing to devote a part of my time as the June listened 6, 1941. President morning, radioGrant June by

of it.manager at his inclement telephone as connection home, weather made

After President Woodruff had approved Brothit inadvisable for him to appear in person.)

JAe, CONSTANT OPERATION THE M. I. A. THEME, 19411942:

"9, ihsL <Xoid, one bound, whsurc ijsl do what 9 Aai, but wh&tv ijjl do naL what 9 Aaif, ysL Aovsl jw p/vomhfL,

Doctrine and Covenants 82:10.

nation's only hope of perpetuity, her only source of victorious peace. invitation of the General Suit trite, Though seems it may be Onperintendency and the General

stated as axiomatic that the strength Presidency of the M. I. A., President

this delivered David O. mesMcKay and happiness are of Youth consage the 19411942 on in the theme served by right living, which means in Tabernacle Salt City Lake on

obedience to the word of God. Sunday evening, June 8. His thoughtful development of this currently

Chisel in hand stood a sculptor boy vital question has brought many reWith his marble blocks before him, quests for its reproduction in permaAnd his eyes lit up with a smile of joy nent form, in response to which it

As an angeldream passed o'er him. appears here.

He carried "the dream on that shapeless stone With many a sharp incision; If thou doest well, shalt thou not be

With heaven's own light the sculpture accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin

shone lieth at the door.

He'd caught that angelvision.

Children of life are we as we stand It is also stated by the Prophet

With our lives uncarved before us, Joseph Smith:

Waiting the hour when, at God's command,

Our lifedream shall pass o'er us. There is a law, irrevocably decreed in

heaven before the this foundations of it If carve the then yielding on we stone, world, all blessings upon are which prediincision, a sharp With many cated;

Its shall heavenly beauty be our own, obtain And blessing when any we from lives, that angelvision. Our

it is God, obedience to that by law upon are perilous times, but they which it is predicated.THESEcan be weathered if youth will God's Law Eternally Active

ideals. but aspire to high Deforces in thegenerating world are HThe M. I. A. theme for the coming quotationsThese revelationspoint to theandfactscripturalthat for

if year is butrampant, an assurance they can be resisted that God's obedience to law, God is "bound"will right promises cherish never thoughts. that fail. It impliesyouth to bless; for disobedience, God is

The ageold conflict between Truth conformity to the Lord's word or equally "bound"to punish.

and Error is being waged with aclaw will invariably contribute to As indicated in the poem I read, celerating fury, and at the present man's happiness and salvation. "the soul in the formative period of

hour Error seems to be gaining the When considered in conjunction youth, while it is yet unspotted from upper hand. Increasing moral turpiwith a preceding paragraph, in Secthe world, may be likened to a

tude and widespread disregard for tion 82 of the Doctrine and Coveblock of pure, uncut Parian marble, the principles of honor and integrity nants, it declares that they who do in which lie boundless possibilities are undermining influences in social, not what the Lord says will be subof beauty or of deformity. From the

political, and business life, and are jected to "justice and judgment."In crude marble, one will chisel a form

as menacing as are the lowering, other words, there is eternally operof exquisite grace and symmetry;

diabolical clouds of war. ative in the moral world a law of another, a misshapen monstrosity; In the midst of threatening disincompensation and retribution—comeach visualizing in the formless stone

tegration of the standards of civilpensation commensurate with conthe conception of his brain. Thus we

ization, with assurances that Right formity to law; retribution in actual are molded by our ideals."

will eventually triumph, there is degree to the extent of disobedience.

throughout the nation a timely apIn this sense, the word "law"has Thoughts Determine Acts peal for conservation and national a deeper significance than a rule or defense. dictum prescribed by authority for "Thoughts are the seeds of acts,

Tonight, as during this entire human action. It means rather "a and precede them. Mere comConference, we are privileged to conuniform order of sequence"as operpliance with the word of the Lord

sider the conservation of our counative and unvarying as the law of without a corresponding inward detry's greatest resource—not reserthe inclined plane, or of the law of sire will avail but little. Indeed,

voirs, nor forests, nor oilwells, nor falling bodies. such outward actions and pretending

coal, nor our vast mineral and agriConfirmation of this may be found phrases may disclose hypocrisy, a sin cultural products-—our country's in the Lord's statement to Cain, the that Jesus most vehemently congreatest resource is our young men first disobedient son recorded in demned. "O generation of vipers,"

and young women in whom lies the sacred history: he cried out on one occasion, "how

OF DIVINE LAW can ye, being evil, speak good She answered: "If a prophecy the soularchitects who build their

things?"The Savior's constant decome true, we may see him some thoughts and deeds into a plan, who

sire and effort were to implant in the time or other with exactly such a face travel forward, not aimlessly, but mind right thoughts, pure motives, as that."toward a destination, who sail not

noble ideals, knowing full well that That face, however, was not found any whitherward, but toward a right words and actions would inin the sordid visage of old "Gatherport, who steer, not by the clouds, evitably follow. He taught, and gold,"nor in the warworn, weatherbut by the fixed stars. High in the

modern physiology and psychology beaten countenance of General scale of manhood those who ceaseconfirm, that hate and jealousy and "Bloodand-Thunder,"who lacked lessly aspire toward life's great Exother evil passions destroy a man's the gentle wisdom, the deep, broad, emplar."

physical vigor and efficiency. "They tender sympathies of the rockhewn

pervert his mental perceptions,''says face; nor in "Old Stony Phiz,"who No Sin So Hidden it Can Escape

the author of The Life of Jesus, "and might have fulfilled the prophecy but Retribution render him incapable of resisting the failed to do so; nor in the poet whose

temptation to commit acts of violife had not corresponded with his TVfo man can disobey the word of lence. They undermine his moral thought. It was finally depicted in God and not suffer for so doing.

health. By insidious stages they the countenance of Ernest himself. No sin, however secret, can escape

transform the man who cherishes Having lived a life in which he had retribution. True, you may lie and

them into a criminal."constantly kept before him the "visnot be detected; you may violate

Charles Dickens, you will recall, ion splendid,"there was chiseled in virtue without its being known by makes impressive use of this fact in his own countenance the benign feaany who would scandalize you; yet

his immortal story Oliver Twist, tures of the great image. "When he you cannot escape the judgment that

wherein Monks is introduced first spoke he expressed what was in his follows such transgression. The

as an innocent beautiful child; but mind and heart. His words had lie is lodged in the recesses of your

"as ending his life as a mass of power because they accorded with mind, an impairment of your charsolid bestiality, a mere chunk of his thoughts; and his thoughts had acter that will be reflected sometime,

fleshed iniquity. It was thinking reality and depth, because they harsomehow in your countenance or

upon vice and vulgarity that transbearing. Your moral turpitude,

formed the angel's face into the though only you, your accomplice, countenance of a demon."and God may ever know it, will canIt is almost impossible for us to ker your soul.

believe that such a devilish nature as "The more I know intimately the

Bill Sikes', depicted in the same book, lives of other men (to say nothing could be found in human form. of my own ),"said Huxley in a letter

Dickens says himself: to Charles Kingsley, "the more obit the that vious wicked is to me

are in there I fear the world some flourish, righteous is the not nor indoes that callous natures, sensible and do become, at last, utterly and irredeemably bad. punished. The ledger of the AlBut whether this be so or not, of one thing mighty is strictly kept, and every one

I am certain: that there are such men as of us has the balance of his operaclosely Sikes, followed through being who,

time, of the tions paid over to him at the end of space and through the same same current of circumstances, would not every minute of his existence....

give by one look or action for a moment The absolute justice of the system of the faintest indication better nature. of a clear scienthings is as to me as any

is gentler every feeling Whether human tific fact. gravitation sin to of The the within or such dead bosoms, proper chord to strike has rusted and is hard to sorrow'—note that phrase—"is as

find, I do not know, but that the fact is so, certain as that of the earth to the sun,

I am sure. and more so—for experimental proof

of the fact is within the reach of us 0. the DAVID McKAY retrogression of PRESIDENT Such human if all lives, is before us our all—nay is in soul eternal the keeping with

it."to see the eyes had but we

edict: "If I say, life what ye do not which he had with the ye monized Daniel once Webster, when

have no promise."always lived."Thus nature carved asked what was the greatest thought

The operation of the same law in in Ernest himself the likeness of the that had ever occupied his mind, a positive way is illustrated by NaGreat Stone Face. said:

thaniel Hawthorne in The Great What a man continually thinks

Stone Face, Said Ernest to his about determines his actions in times There is no evil we cannot face or flee disof but consequences from duty mother, evening one as they sat of opportunity and stress. A of obligation man's regarded. sense pursues theA at looking rock an immense in which to his appetites reaction impulses and It is like ever. Deity. the us omnipresent

nature had chiseled a man's face when they are aroused, gives the If we take to ourselves the wings of the with noble features and an expresmeasure of that man's character. In morning and dwell in the uttermost part of

sea, violated, the or performed, duty duty sion sweet, "at once grand and reactions as these are revealed still the it is us, for with or our happiness our if of a vast, the glow it were to govern or his forced warm man's power shall that misery. night say cover If we

heart that embraced all mankind in servility to yield. us, in the darkness, as in the light, our

its affections and had room for "The best of all men are they who obligations are yet with us. We cannot

fly their their presescape nor power from more": in to see "Mother, if I were a realize their daily life luminous

life, this in are will with us They be love such a face. I should their man with transmute ideals hours and at its close, in into ence.with us that scene and

him dearly."conduct and character. These are (Continued on next page)of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

(Continued from page 395) suck his blood, and cannot be sated. looketh upon a woman to lust after

inconceivable solemnity which lies yet "No, this is not a lofty moral deher or if any shall commit adultery farther on, find shall followed we nunciation,"their he. writes hearts, shall not have they been in "I have the consciousness of painby ourselvesduty-—to us listening spirit, life faith says, the the but shall deny to what and have if itforever violated, has been and to console us so far as God has given us grace recorded as I have heard them, some and shall fear."

it.to perform against conscience Weighed of the truths that resound in every

It is easy to be prudent when enough itselfthe world bubble. is but a For God square. to stray, tempts Nothing you is ithimself in lending conscience authority. "Has drunkenness, inventive as it When without or within no voice of sin

is of new drinks, found the means Is luring your soul away.

it's is it until virtue negative only But a Building Character all. of thirst? quenching at Not

tried by fire;

rather It might art the be called youth of theT'hus, the the that of soul honor is worth M. I. A., boys of And

thirst inextinguishable. earth girls the and see making world over, we

soul that resists desire. Frank libertinage, does it deaden Is thethat character springs the fromdepths of the soul. You tell me what the sting of the senses? No—it enResist evil, and the Tempter will

them, converts natural venoms dethink aboutyou do not you flee when If live rightyou. from you

sire into a morbid obsession and I'll think, to tellhave and you what eously, character your keep above it the passion. makes dominant Let are. the Inyou of chardevelopment reproach, matter others what no may

rule your needs you, pamper them—acter, therefore, there certain are think, matter they charges no what

will insee multiply you like them principlesbasic youth which must erect, make, can hold you head your in sects the sun. give more The you strivecherish attain. to Let and us light heart face the your keep and

consider one or two. them, the more they demand. He is world undauntingly, because you,

senseless for seeks happiness who yourself, that your and know God in material prosperity alone."of Freedom Choice soul kept untarnished. have your you

is appetites with endowed Man Health, happiness, of mind, peace greatest inTVTan's morendowment passions for the preservation and of selfres- character through come is life tal the choice of power life his the his and perpetuation of it traint. is It significant that was giftthe divine free of agency. No kind. These held under when the that of on Temptation Mounttrue character ever developed was proper subjection to contribute his

th* the Christ victory gained over If soulwithout sense of a freedom. happiness comfort; but and when cried; thee Tempter and "Get feelsa circumscribed, harassed, man for gratification, used to mere lead

it is for written, hence, Satan, thouor enslaved something or by somemisery and degradation. moral shalt the worship thy God, Lord is is shackled.body, he That one

fundamental reason why totalitariThe Law of Chastity and Him only shalt thou serve."

anism is so diabolically wrong, and some day in the future must be de- A ssociated with these natural inReverence feated. God intends man to be free. stincts is a sin that always seeks /"NE reason why war is rampant

As a recent writer significantly said seclusion. It is the prostitution of in the world today and the earth

"God has endeavored to make men love, the noblest attribute of the soul. drenched with the blood of innocent

and women like Himself. To do God has instituted marriage and the women and children, and choice

this, he must first make them free."family as the proper conditions of young manhood lies mangled and

Know this that every soul is free, expressing in our lives this divine torn, is because materiality has supTo choose his life, and what he'll be; virtue. But sometimes men and womplanted spirituality and there has

For this eternal truth is given, en with low ideals and weakened gone out of the heart of man, faith will That God force no man to Heaven. wills permit their passions like unin God and the spirit of reverence. call, He'll direct aright, persuade,

And bless with wisdom, love, and light—bridled steeds to dash aside judgIt has been truly said that reverence

In nameless ways be good and kind, ment and selfrestraint and to cause is one of the signs of strength; irBut never force the human mind. them to commit sin that may sear reverence, one of the surest indicatheir conscience and leave in their tions of weakness. No man will

SelfMastery hearts an everlasting regret. rise high who jeers at sacred things.

pQUAL in importance to the conIn this day when old time modThe only thing which places man sciousness of soulfreedom, is esty is thrust into the background, above the beast of the field is his the consciousness of selfmastery. and chastity is considered an outpossession of spiritual gifts. Man's

Before you journey without selfmoded virtue, I appeal to youth to earthly existence is but a test as to control down the road of indulgence, keep your souls unmarred and unwhether he will concentrate his efyou will do well to take note how the sullied from this sin, the conseforts, his mind, his soul upon things people along that highway grovel quences of which will smite and which contribute to the comfort and in repulsive, loathsome places haunt you intimately until your gratification of his physical instincts where the rays of intellect do not conscience is seared and your charand passions, or whether he will penetrate and where the sunshine of acter sordid. Here, as in no other make as his life's end and purpose

morality is seldom seen. Charles act of your life, "If ye do not what the acquisition of spiritual qualWagner, author of The Simple Life, I say, ye have no promise."A ities.

writes scathingly but truthfully of chaste, not a profligate, life, is the A fourth virtue in true characterthe profligate of low estate or high, source of virile manhood, the crown building is Unsetfishness or willingor simply the ordinary pleasurelover of beautiful womanhood, a contribness to serve.

who follows the downward plane of uting factor of harmony and happiWillingness to Servedesire, who, having condemned his ness in family life, and the source will to the service of his appetite, of strength and perpetuity of the ()ur lives are wrapped up with the suffers the penalty. He is delivered race. Ever remember in the hour of lives of others, and we are hapup to the violent passions which temptation that, "Verily,"saith the piest as we contribute to their hapdevour his flesh, crush his bones, Lord, "as I have said before, he that (Continued on page 444)

JhL SHADOWS FLEE By MARY PRATT PARRISH

to Story pass, spake had of Great Lives the come and shall words, wife healed "Thy be Deeds. A andTrueGreat

from this hour,"became to Parley a sacred assurance that every word work. As you know, Brother Parthat had been pronounced upon his

ley, the Lord requires nothing of head would be fulfilled.

His servants but He opens the way When they were left alone, ParPARLEY P. PRATT before them to accomplish His purley said, "Truly, Thankful, the will

poses."And so saying, he laid his of the Lord has been made manifest us. I will unto leave prepare to hands upon the head of Parley P. after P. Pratt Parley at for once Canada."

to fromTwohadweeksreturned a mission I,"softly, said Thankful "And the Lamanites, back in 1831, he "will stay and prepare a welcome was called by the presiding authorfor your son. Oh, Parley, do you

ities to go on a mission to Canada. think that after ten years we could

He wondered if he should accept in have a son?"

view of the fact that he was heavily "It was a servant of the Living in debt, and that his wife, Thankful, God who promised it, Thankful, and was steadily growing weaker from as you witnessed, it was as if His the tuberculosis which she had had very presence were in this room.

for the past six years. At the time Yes, at last we shall have a son, just

of the opening of this story Parley as surely as you have been raised was sitting before the small grate in from your bed of affliction this his home, perplexed and troubled, night."

with his sick wife lying nearby, HEBER C. KIMBALL In a few days Parley was on his

speaking weakly: way to Canada in company with a

"Parley, could it be the will of the Pratt and prophesied as follows: Brother Nickerson who lived in that

that leave againLord should you me province offered and to pay who Parley, "Brother shall thy wife be it Isso that soon? required you little his to expenses Hamilton, a this healed shall from hour bear and life to giveshould the your whole at of the town Ontario. head Lake son, a his shall and Parley, be name the ofupbuilding kingdom?"in himself he Here found a strange shall he a be and chosen instrument

I that Thankful,''knew, "Would friends, with town no no money, and in the of the to hands inherit Lord replied.Parley winter has "The ticket a twodollar boat from away the Priesthood in the and steps walk a for ofbeen hard both one his destination. For a he moment us—and his father. of therefore, Arise, andthen separated have been so much we felt helpless, insecure, then he and in forth the ministry, go nothing I it late. ifof could not bear anywill supply Lord remembered—"The doubting. for thought no Take your I tothing while should happen you with all you abundant for means life, the debts necessities or for of away."was things."to retired At once a he will the supply Lord with you abunwistful voice Thankful's sounded secret place for prayed and to money all dant for things. means

if "It said,as she nice be would we {Continued on page 423) shalt to go "Thou upper Canada, live If just for while.could a you

were to stay, we could be out of debt even to the city of Toronto, and JOHN TAYLOR by fall—and then you could go."there thou shalt find a people preParley's reply was hardly audible: pared for the fulness of the Gospel

"If only the Lord would manifest and they shall receive thee and thou

His will unto us."shalt organize the Church among

While he was speaking, there was them, and many shall be brought to a knock at the door. Parley arose the knowledge of the truth and shall

and opened it to greet Heber C. be filled with joy."

Kimball in company with three or When he had finished speaking, four others. He spoke as he enBrother Kimball took his seat. No

tered. "We have come, Brother one spoke. It seemed for a moment

Parley, to give you a blessing. We no one breathed. During the blessknow the difficulties you are having ing no one noticed that Thankful

and are mindful of the great work had risen unaided from her bed and that you have done. We are also now stood upon her feet for the first

mindful of the ill health of your wife, time in many months. Now the little

but it is the Lord's will at this time company gazed upon her with awe that you should go to Canada and and wonderment. The Lord had

open up that field for missionary spoken! Already that which He

Phnfns Court"*'] P""-"'Nrms. Salt Lake Tribune, and Salt Lake Telegram.

SOME M. I. A. JUNE CONFERENCE ACTIVITIES AND PERSONALITIES

I. Tabernacle, Presidency hi. Square. General register in the 3. delegatus evening on ine t. The flag Temple m. Saturday display, March, on the Pioneers 1 New

left right, I. Superintendency, to S. General and Helen Williams 4. A. Y. Goddard, M. The right, Verna M. left W. Cannon, G. I. to Lucy A., of the Y. M. W.

on. look Presiden Dalton observes as Briant Pioneers"5. Alene and the Smith Farnsworth. Grant medal K. Burton Morris, "New and Q. George Supt. J. Cannon, Joseph

ideal. officers Church, of Presiding i"forth setting cover of the 7. "Improvement marriage temple June the large E display observe the Scouts Girls and 6. BeeHive

I. President G.;pt Lucy David right, Morris, I. A. A. President McKay, 0. M. Y. George M. M. S Y. Q. to Conference, W. at June Association Primary A., I. and M

J. Jr. Breakfast, President of departmental Clark, Hinckley, Gleaner one many Reuben, Golden S. Green President The J. Primary Grant, Mayleft Heber President Cannon,

Presidency Board.) and General Primary page for (See Conference. of June the 418 luncheons breakfasts and

M. A.

JUNE CONFERENCE Conference visitors returned Saturday evening reached a high to their wards and stakes //,Tbuv (pwn&M peak in the presentation to the with the comment that this Church of the New Pioneers on the 6, conferenceJune (June 7, 8, and inspirational, Colorful March. and

ever. the best9) was the on, JthLTnwudL'this From session to help should do much

official opening, which occurred in young people remain true to their the Tabernacle itself because in the of Wisdom. Word of the By MARBA C. JOSEPHSON beliefinclement the sessions weather, (See pages 426 and 427.)

moved forward to a greater friendSunday morning opened with the liness and inspiration than ever beluncheons for the community activannual testimony meeting, from fore. ity committee, the speech arts, drama, which the general sessions were held

From as fardistant stakes as the and music. The Friday activities for the Young Men and for the

Canadian and the Mexican as well culminated with a general reception Young Women. Sunday afternoon

as the New York and Washington, in the Barratt Hall Circle and the was held under the direction of the

D. C, regions, delegates poured into annual dance festival at Saltair, First Presidency. Conference closed

Salt Lake City to receive information which as usual was beautifully exewith a forceful presentation of the vital to carrying forward the great cuted. theme by President David O. Mc-

M. I. A. work. Singing from variThe Saturday afternoon session Kay of the First Presidency. (See

ous young people's choruses added emphasized the spiritual value of the page 394.)

color to the fine programs outlined. cultural arts and through music, The summer institute convened

Friday morning, June 6, the highdance, drama, and the spoken word on Monday in Barratt Hall—and in

lights of the session were the mesillustrated the basic need for these spite of the fact that activity was sage of President Heber J. Grant activities if man is to progress. not permitted because of rain and

(see page 393), the presentation of Saturday morning opened with close indoor quarters, those attendthe Era awards for the most successMaster M Men and Golden Gleaner ing said that in many ways, they ful year in Era history, and the breakfasts. Department sessions preferred this year's institute to last

theme play Defense, written by Suthen took care of the rest of the day, year's. (See also pages 393, 394,

perintendent Joseph J. Cannon. with the superintendents and presi426, 427, 430, and 431 for other

On Friday also were the special dents luncheon at noon. June Conference materials.

GENERAL BOARDS OF THE Y. M. AND Y. W. M. I. A.

left row, right: Front Evans, L. to A. Richard Oscar Kirkham, Ethel S. Anderson, Second Assistant Burton First K. Farnsworth, Assistant Joseph J Cannon, General

Superintendent Morris, General George President First Q. Cannon, G. Lucy Counselor Helen S. Williams, Counselor Second Dr, Goddard, Roland, Verna W. Taylor. Erma John H.

row: Second E. Anderson, Minnie C. Josephson, Jensen, Marba Freda Marjorie Ball, B. Kathryn Pardoe, Bertha Tingey, Lucy Andersen, Larsen, Ann Virginia C T

Vella Walker, H. Wetzel, Waldram, B. Hazel Marie Brockbank, Florence Pinnock, Helena Larson, Neslen, C. W. Aurelia Grace Bennion, Emily Bennett, H. Williams, Erda

Gladys E. T. Dr. Polly Harbertson, P. Hardy, Lloyd, Wesley Pettiqrew, H. Dr. Alma George H. Hansen.

D. Buckmiller, Third row: Dr. Joseph E. Hammond, LeRoy J. F. Smith, Stringam A. Stevens, Dr. Creed Dr. Haymond, L. A. Stevenson, Floyed G. Eyre, M Elmer

Christensen, Axel A. Robinson, Madsen, H. Nichols, Frank Mark W. 0. W. McGhie, Dr. George Stewart, T. Earl Dr. Pardoe, D. Giles. John

picture Clarissa Absent taken: was A. Beesley, when Luacine C. Katie C. Fox, Jensen, Lueen

J. N. Wells, J. Cornwall, Anderson, Aldon L. Daines, Dr. L. Spencer Dr. Philo T. Farnsworth, Dr. J. WayneKing, NormaB. Hales,F. Romney,Dr. FranklinAngelyn S.Warnick,Harris, lleenWernerAnn Kiepe,Waspe, T.MargaretFrank

Williams, Winters. Elwood G.

BRIGHAM YOUNG

and.

JIM BRIDGER By GLYNN BENNION Of the Church Historian's Office

Come recently discovered documentary light on a much discussed subject.

But the mountaineers were generof the Wintey [Uintah] River, down which ally a godless lot. They were white wedoux'spursuedFort.. our.. journey towards Robimen gone native; some were no betWe had to wait there for Mr. Robidoux

BRIGHAM YOUNG AS HE APPEARED IN 1S50, ter than the beachcombers of the about eighteen days, till he and his comAS GOVERNOR OF THE TERRITORY. South Seas, except as the rigors of a pany and horsedrivers were ready to start

States. delay This the United us to with northern climate stiffened them

to account disagreeable very me, on was against deterioration. the wickedness of the people, and the drunkof

They had come west during the enness and swearing, and the debauchery r tt then the first trailworn Morhey-day of the fur trade, in the of the men among the Indian women.

reached mon pilgrims of youth, questing the bright glory \l\f thickets and wild fortune. adventure and V V wiHow A few, From1866a DescriptionWritten by ofanFortOfficerBridgerof in

meadows that line the clear, cold hard, furious years of quick riches the U. S. Army

streams footnorthern of the Uintah fur the then and dissipation, and is reservation charLiving another on thehills, they a species upon came the burst, leaving of trade bubble had acter, generally as as almost knownhuman beings called variously trapweaker ones stranded, neither physJudge [W. A. Carter]. I refer to an oldthe

pers, scouts, mountain men, squawically nor morally fit to go back into trader and mountaineer named Robinson, of sobriquet the passing but under always justmen, plain or outlaws, accordsociety. civilized remained They living the been "Uncle on Jack."He hasing to bias the of the person writing in the censure to avoid and has. the West for frontier forty years, nearly and

or speaking about them. restraint of any kind of law. Their adopted many of the habits of the aborigines,

of as wives. has he. There whom Pioneers looked existence with several careless, unkempt The Mormon

his six to premises, from. are about always men, relatives at the mountainaskance and in the dugouts their Indian his persons, connected with not a dozen

the latter returned the stare with along Black's Fork was like the fulfamily (a few Indians always included), interest, for about the only characfilment of a bad boy's dream. Let who live at his expense. Persons who know

of intimately he complains never sayteristic parties of him intimate several to both views present common was me imposition, advised such by and when in their fellows that theythe fact were easy these white men free and loafers, friends such he always to send away in a wilderness. idyllic, not to say alcoholic, setting has some ready excuse for their idleness,

The truth is, the two groups were as seen by nonMormon observers and expresses the hope that they will soon to to able earn something wherewith be pay differentjust from sharply as about their for are board. scores hunand There P. of James From the Narrative people as othereach of the same of just worthless, indolent peosuch dreds Trapper Beckworth, Early Utah

race can possibly become. For the ple scattered throughout the Far West.

to arrive (sumparties absent began their families The with of the have men Some refugees, were religiousMormons the other, at after the one mer, 1826), not, those usually take have them, and who to transplantsolemnly determined after, General Ashley Shortly rendezvous. sleep a eat they squaws, and and away

their faith to the tops of the mounand Mr. Sublet came in, accompanied with miserable existence, apparently without any

tains. Already noted for obedience three hundred pack mules, well laden with object in life.

for all the things necessary moungoods and earnestlyto believed were they what

It trade. taineers the Indian and may well HPhe outstanding figure among thethe had of God, laws the Mormons of the arrival such that a vast supposed be

come west to subject themselves to amount of luxuries from the East did not particular group of mountain men still greater rigors of discipline and pass off without a general celebration. who had anchored themselves along

trading, shouting, dancing, Mirth, songs, northern of the the base Uintahs wasrestraint. not they were However,

targetracing, singing, jumping, running, Bridger, had come west James who only.spiritua 1,'dealists Zion The all frolic, sorts of exyarns, shooting, with

they vere determined to build was travagances that white men or Indians could from Missouri in 1 822 with the Ashto be a real, earthly one, and so invent, were freely indulged in. The unley party of trappers. This man

contributed the water of medicine packing reputation as a considerable attained glory futuretheir visions of were of the our festivto heightening a little pathfinder scout, and and Indian their to impair permittednever -. will notities.

industriously to acquire and produce ranks as a colorful western hero in a very practical manner in the From the Journal of Joseph Williams along with Kit Carson and others.

present. We are now [July 10, 1842] on the head But mostly his claim to fame rests

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

desolation and remoteness which the It should be mentioned in passing old squawman drew seemed to that in all his enterprises Bridger sketch the very features of their had a partner named Louis Vasquez, longsought Zion refuge, for they a Mexican trader, who evidently had started on their famed march contributed heavily to the financial into the wilderness with the desstrength and business ability of the perate intention of going so far away, partnership. These two men as

into a country so desolate, where the early as 1 849, freighted goods into work of making a living would be the Mormon capital, Salt Lake City, so hard that no one would ever be and for some time kept a store there.

tempted to follow and despoil them On the surface they seemed amiable again. So, perhaps to Jim Bridger's enough, but proof that Bridger, at

surprise and apprehension, the Zionleast, was really an enemy of the seeking Saints planted themselves Church and was aiding the Utes just over the hills, in Bridger's backagainst its people, was not wanting.

yard, so to speak. Thus a serious feud grew up beNow, although the Mormons tween Jim Bridger and President

found the deserts of the Great Basin Brigham Young. What law there

as desolate and remote and hard to was in the wilderness was on the subdue as they might have desired, side of President Brigham Young.

they settled in compact little comHe was governor of Utah Territory munities on the best spots they could in which Bridger's holdings were sitfind in those deserts, and, as with uated, and also Indian agent for the

JIM BRIDGER all American colonizing, such "movdistrict. He was responsible to the

ing in"was not pleasing to the disfederal government for preserving

Indians Indians. placed These Utah the his as peace, leader of and own his artistry entertainer of ason an

their leader, great it Chief under his to Walpeople duty defend them wastenderfeet. the has Bridger Jim in ker, joined presently themselves the warriors. against was Ute Hereputation original the purof being

to the ineffectual oust attempt an the of execution the with charged tall tale. of theveyor western

their from newfound territorial Mormons laws. framed were These

Now, Bridger claimed that from homes before it was too late. This by the territorial legislature, elected

the governor of Chihuahua he had was in 1853. by the people.

thirty ofacquired grant a Mexican parenthetically insert here President Let me a most followed Young miles Black'ssquare of land Fork. on a brief statement regarding in dealing the policy with Mormon humane thirtyBridger claimed miles square treatment with of the Indians the whom the Indians Utes. were To him miles. hisor square 900 Of course In in the they had dealings West: peoof a great degenerate remnants fictitious,claim just purely as was along unusually general got they destiny, a ple with high it was and claimMiles Goodyear's Ogden well together. to their Mormons the The of white brothers duty to be. as earlyproved land On this their to religion the Inpreached rather them. than destroy save Heas erected 1843, stockade, he a small

to dians; forsake urged them a strategy defensive war adopted whena huts, secured few log a few wagon agricultural for an the chase Instead attacked the Indians. byloads of liquor, flour, powder, and and

lead from St. Louis, and started up existence; gave them food, clothing, of retaliating after an Indian raid,

a trading post at this the first station and implements; tried to teach them and sending out a punitive expedion the Oregon trail west of old Fort how to farm; and offered to share tion to exact revenge, Brigham

ifLaramie. water and land with them. The Young's policy was to prevent,

older chiefs were generally impossible, the sale of arms to the

On June 28, 1847, the first compressed with the sober, industrious savages, withdraw the settlers to pany of Mormon pioneers met Jim "Mormoniemen"and their teachthe shelter of forts, and maintain

Bridger on the Little Sandy, and ings and tried to persuade the young such a vigilant guarding of life and straightway began to ply him with warriors to follow this counsel; but property that further raids on the

eager questions regarding the valley these frowned on work, yearned to Saints would cost the attackers more of the Great Salt Lake. The old follow their traditional bent, to kill than any booty or scalps they might

frontiersman (Bridger was only and steal, and found the gambling capture were worth. This policy

fortythree, but camp diet and hard and drinking and other disorderly when rigidly carried out invariably living had made him look old) andidoes of the funloving mountain brought the Indians soon to sue for swered in negative vein, mystifying men much more pleasant examples peace, and the results in the saving his interrogators with a description to follow. of life and property during the pioof all the remote and astonishing About this time, word began to neer years of Utah, as compared with

places he could think of, scattered sift through the hills to Brigham losses from Indian warfare in other all over the western half of North Young from what he considered reyoung states, loudly proclaims the

America, and in general dwelling on liable sources, both white and Indian, eminent wisdom of Brigham Youngs the infertility and harshness of clithat the mountaineers of what was course.

mate of the region in question. then part of Utah, and was called But if President Young was paBut this confusing and forbidding Green River County, were inciting tient and longsuffering in handling

description proved to be no deterrent the Utes against the Saints and were ignorant savages, he was quite the whatsoever to the zealous pilgrims selling guns and liquor to the Inreverse when dealing with lawless who four times had been driven dians. These reports pointed to Jim white men who should know better.

from their homes for conscience'Bridger as the leader in these unWhen he became convinced that the sake. In fact, the wild picture of lawful activities.. (Continued on page 438)

ANOTHER BLUE DAY

VUi&ph&MiblsL youth.

By ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

A button tinkled to the floor, but

Rusty was halfway down the stairs.

He smelled oatmeal and honeysuckle and furniture polish, and saw

Mamie on her knees on the diningroom floor, as he ran through to the kitchen. At sight of him, Mom

hastily set out a bowl of cereal and cream on the corner of the kitchen table. "Daddy ate by lamplight!"she

said, stooping to pull golden disks of <\<5UTH"cookies from the oven.

"Oh, it's that day, isn't it?"Rusty

VERSETHERE WAS A HIS knew it was some special kind of HADGRANDMOTHER TAUGHT

HIM YEARS AGO—TWO YEARS, day when Mamie came. Mamie was

TO HE WAS BE EXACT—WHEN

THREE. HAD cross and had a sallow look and alSINCE THEN HE

RELIGIOUSLY REPEATED AS HEIT, ways "helped out."EACH MORNING

DRESSED. the general direction of his bed. "Yes, it's the quilting, today, for

Then he sat down on the floor to put Cousin Edna. You'll be a nice boy

on his sneakers. to Mother's company, won't you?"

There was a verse his grand- "How nice?"

mother had taught him years ago "Well-—talk to them. Answer

behind.he sky speak to you. You're a they JLh years, to be Cedar two he was when exact—when

theHill over T toward east pasture now!"big boy three. Since then he had religiously

turned to gold, announced by Old repeated it, each morning as he "What did Daddy get up so early

Chanty's crow. Rusty 's eyes popdressed, a word to a motion, though, for?"The discussion of company

ped open, as clear and bright as if sometimes in the summer, the verse made him uncomfortable. He could

they had not been closed in sleep lasted longer than the dressing. never think what to answer when

for ten full hours. He slipped out of someone said brightly, "Well,bed and ran to the window. Old "Here—hath-—been—dawning Rusty!"Chanty was right; the sun was cer- A—nuther—-blue—day!""The man is coming for the cattle.

tainly coming up, and the birds were Both sneakers were on and tied, and Daddy is out in the pasture rounding singing fit to split their throats. he pulled on a pair of brief shorts them up."

Rusty drew in a deep breath of to the words, Oh, the cattle sale! This was a

the cloverscented air, and it went * day! Besides company, it was thestraight through him. His toes Think—will—day the man came for the beef stock

all fattening summer. been his hadcurled into heart swelled up and Dad into blue stepped he

like to think about didn't what untilhis throat Rusty it nearly him. choked for his reached chambray and denim overallsshirt—afterward. to them happened reverently, said He Rusty, "Gorsh!"

for a going is they were just played one perfectly day!""This He tore

yard. stock the trip to hisoff nice He pajamas threw them and in '—you—let—itPass yoostluss away!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941 gulped his breakfast and slid to the tail. Halfway to the gate, he turned could have a lot of fun—I know that!

floor. back. Had his mother noticed what But d'you remember last time you

"'Bye, Mom!"a fine day it was? Probably not, or helped me clean out the well? Yore she wouldn't be sticking to that hot Ma—"At the memory of that

VJn the porch, he bent kitchen."What is it now, darling? I time,dive. Rusty's high spirits took a nose

solicitously the cat's box. over to pasture to the The thought I kept you went maybe, if "Yeah—but kittens crawlingbulletheaded were while is so Mother awful dry, she wouldn't be with Daddy, know!"

blindly over one another and mewbusy!""Kid, as man to man, I ast you

ing dismally. "And Ant'ny. Be with Ant'ny. could you help me clean out the well

mother's "Their been gone "it was useawful keep for an Oh, and dry? You ain't that but—but—hour, they're driving and me crazy!"less! unnever kind she could animal!"of a I Heam, knew

said Mamie, crossly, bringing out derstand why it was wrong for her When Rusty made no reply, he the mop. to stand in this hot kitchen and beat peered around to try to catch sight

"Ne'mind, little kitties, I'll be your eggs, while the dewy morning wore of the disappointed little face above

Heavenly Father!"crooned Rusty, away. So, he only said, stumblingly, him. "Never mind, Rust, I wouldn't

stroking the tiny backs with one kid give for five cents a do you know that could "I'm—I'm—Mommy,finger. I'm full of?"clean help well dry!"what out a keep and

''What! Why, you bad boy, "Oatmeal?"Absently she tested "She's awful busy. Maybe I

don't you know that's sacrilegious!"the frothy whites. could stay away long enough to dry

"Oh, are they too young to unner- "Kindness. I'm full of kindness out!"Rusty made this suggestion

stand religious?"Rusty was apoloall over!"He looked earnestly into faintly, without any real hope.

getic. a good, This day was new if to see face her she underaverted always tell. can "They Women

didn't spoil to a he wantand it by Besides,"stood thataway. words what no funny for, are he had

squabble with Mamie. "Well, anybut she only said, briskly, "That's added Ant'ny, setting him down to

way, here's their mother! She can fine! Now, run along, and be careopen the gate to the home pasture,

take care of them. They don't reely ful about the cattle!""it ain't moral to deceive your ma.

need a Heavenly Father now!"Seated on the topmost bar of the You want to be a moral man, don't

Suddenly, he staggered backward pasture gate, he watched his Dad you?"

under a furry onslaught and the cat and Ant'ny dicker with the buyer. "I don't know. Are you moral,

arched her back and spit angrily. There was some trouble about a tall Ant'ny?"

"Take that muddy dog off this rangy steer. He was not so fat as Ant'ny squinted down a row of

clean porch!"shrieked Mamie. his thicknecked, pushing fellows. corn. "Corn sure is good for this

rapturously her andTippy embraced I'd 'year. the whole, time Yes, on a into his put growth bone "He'stried lick face. to her fairly to moral. 'Cording I'm say my asserted; "a muscle,"few and Dad isn't see mad, he Mamie!""You I is. ain't the lights, 'Course, that he'll intensive feeding be and weeks forgivingly,said started Rusty, and the be to character education or man monster!"a taking the walk, with Tippydown I is. best. But yore I do dad my said bad, not "He's so now!"Anshirt- hisoccasional nips from gay least!"ain't at sneak, no judicially. spitting thony, Rusty was

going to spit that way, when he got "Well, come on, Tippy!"Rusty

as big at Ant'ny. "A little more meat blinked and turned irresolutely away.

on him, and he'll dress out a good "Solong, Kid! Better run up to

sixhundred!"the house and tell yore ma you're

"Dress out,"murmured Rusty, still alive. And git yourself a snack

chewing a blade of grass, because of something!"he squinted at the

Ant'ny was chewing one. Dress sun. "It's gitting on for nine

out. He stored the expression away o'clock!"

in his mind. Rusty's downcast little face

"Guess I'll clean out the well this brightened. "And Tippy and me

morning,"Ant'ny said to Dad. haven't had anything since mornAnt'ny was that kind of hired man. mg!

Dad didn't tell him to do things. He Ant'ny grinned. Sometimes food

just did them. was the only solace.

"Good idea. They don't need us

both to help with these cattle. 'Bye, Lompany was arriving

Son!"Dad pulled Rusty up Dude's when Rusty and Tippy reached the

sleek, bay side and kissed him. "Can house. A touring car and a pickup

I give you a lift anywhere?"parked under the cottonwood as he

Rusty frowned, considering. He watched, and laughing, chattering

loved the smell of horse and leather, women trouped out. In their midst,

and the feel of power about Dad and he spied a lostlooking little boy.

Dude, and to ride a way with Dad. It was Buddy Sawyer. Buddy saw

But there was Ant'ny. Rusty and edged toward him. They

"N-no. I guess I'll be pretty busy stared at one another.

helping Ant'ny!""That your dog?"

"Now, lissen, Rust!"Ant'ny "Yeah."

boosted Rusty onto his shoulders "I got a dog."

and took hold of a leg on each side "Yeah?"

%K***r< *Tfr ofhelphiswithneck.that "I'dwell.shoreMe likeand youryou "Yeah—but—(Continued on page 435)

EXPLORING NATURE

By C. F. GREEVESCARPENTER

his own interest in the subject, gain a wide knowledge of trees and their growth. From that beginning, some

may become interested in insects, fungi, and bacteria, for all three

THE BOYS WITH JOE THE CROW vitally affect the health of trees.

As the interest in insects is dehas so many others intimately conveloped, the collector will improvise collecting knapsack, equipment. it A will child bethe that nected with to the country time go we pill jar, killing boxes, butterfly net, diversified absorbed, theEvery and come adthreshold of the are on we vials, trowel tweezers, glass a and field of offers that so many much opens venture. world new A trips, the will along taken and be on carried readily interests the be can if to the eyes but have usbefore we interest will then, at for lessen not in evenings the during the on home which intelligence with thesee and there'll pinning, naming, be home rainy days. and on wonders the speculateto on many their labeling specimens. of Soon and chilinto the woods, Wandering us. will beforethat unfolded be will research habit unconof the be will of suddenly dren aware become nearly opportunity, the Given followeagerly sciously'formed and in shrubs, differences trees the and will something obtain childevery ed. collec- a to make and moved be may appreciaair fresh anbesides and

tion of beautiful scenery when out tion of leaves or of wild flowers.

in the country. Some boys and girls, An inexpensive microscope will

hikers, have a definite objective in absorb a young naturalist for view and that, with them, is usually many hours. The mandibles of a

to get to some appointed place at a house fly, the antenna of a bee, and given time. For such, the country the foot of a butterfly look so difis interesting from a scenic standferent when amplified even under a

point and the healthful outdoor exsmall-power instrument. Photogercise. Seldom is their attention raphy, too, can play its part and

captured by some small animal or many interesting hours may be bird. They are too intent upon gainspent with a camera, both phoing their objective to take time out to tographing specimens in the country

watch the chipmunk as he gathers and at home. Both the microscope

some morsel to carry to his winter and the camera can be used in constorehouse. junction with each other so that

Others, though, go to the counmicro-photographs may be taken try with seeing eyes, an inquiring of parts of specimens.

mind, and they gain most from their How interested many young envisit, for they return laden with thusiasts become in collecting minpriceless memories of little incidents erals, and in their acquisition all they witnessed which have added to manner of things will be observed their store of knowledge and to their (Concluded on page 447) enjoyment of the trip.

Children soon learn the ways of A YOUNG DEER TAKES HIS NOURISHMENT THE BEAVER PAUSES FOR A 'POSE"nature unaided. They observe

small incidents and gradually build Soon they'll be going out on every up a remarkable storehouse of facavailable opportunity, equipped with tual knowledge. Their quick, sharp a pair of sharp scissors, a box or

eyes, plus their indefatigable energy, book, and some pieces of blotting give them an advantage over adults paper in which to carry specimens.

who are prone to exhaust some speFrom that modest beginning, it may cial phase before having their interbe that a real interest in botany will est captured by some new object. be developed. Many scientists from

Many children will, however, soon just such simple beginnings have become especially interested in some achieved fame in the fields of their particular subject. Be it entomolboyhood hobbies. The enthusiastic

ogy, mineralogy, geology, silviculyoung collectors will next start to ture, or the capture and domesticaname their specimens and in that tion of wild animals—each subject manner each will, entirely through

eOeJLpiom. BRIGHAM YOUNG

"Lanke County, Fairport, to Sua. ivipL

June 12, 1844.

ii beloved wife, while I am to waiting for a boat to go MARY ANN ANGELL Buffalo, a few I improvemomentsMyin writing to you. I have been "i-.fH'Hl!'

to Kirtland, left there about one m o'clock this morning in order to take the morning boat, and I have been so haunted with foul spirits that I could hardly sleep a wink in the place. I saw

Father Angell; he is well and in good I

spirits. He has sold his farm for four

hundred dollars in cash to old Elijah

Smith, got all his money but Mother's third, he (Smith) has kept back for her till she signs the deed. Tell Mother

she had better attend to it immediately and get the money. It amounts to one

hundred and thirtythree dollars and f>* *!-:,.,:*;

thirtythree cents. She can come or

send deed to Elijah Smith by some trusty man that will do the business and get the money for her. Father Angell is coming up in the fall. He wants

to see you more than all the rest of ** his children. If he gets there before I

return, bid him welcome to our house.

Brother John Young will come up with

Brother Lorenzo. His family are as

usual. Brother Flint's family are well. PHOTOGRAPH OF INSIDE SHEETS OK LETTER ing in to Kirtland. Found them well.

to Sister very wants come much Nancy Brother McBride. Reuben with Put up

calling in doing duty. and am my my is Abigail to got and moved Nauvoo. in Lord's the house Sunday Preached

I I desire the older the more grow little is in But fine boy. coming a She up it to looked oh, but me morning, how

to at of stay instead home own my fall. will the Morrison and So Mary with crowded once the house see to

I left traveling. Pittsburgh ago a week her husband. dozen a few occupied Saints by now

last in Brother with company Monday is in Sister Phely Newbury. "Your in devils Saints and good wouldbe

at F. Brooks, found Dr. Richards D. says, are Father very and poor They for going necessity bodies, no human

in Big on Beaver came company We to the help to got west he has them plenty bodies there's divine; into human

far as as Kirtland, together Brothfound is I fall. that this think the prospect I content hardly could for mythem.

in er Shalorsville. family Gee's They all will friends to as Zion your come Brother the Sabbath. self to stay over

us. glad to see very were found friends. We the well steamboat as Took aftermy in the preached F. Richards D.

in Dr. to Mantua. came Snow He 1 little Illinois after m. o'clock This a p. location I the lecture a on noon. gave

I us. called Kirtland with Brother on is lake, the but evening pleasant a on things other connected with of Nauvoo,

Flint's family Father Angell comand I that I feel lonesome. you had O, I conpretty in good a evening. had the

with me this moment. I think I should FIRST PAGE OF LETTER AND FOLD USED AS gregation. They said it was interesting

be happy. Well I am now, because I ENVELOPE. to them. I then gave an appointment

for to deliver a political lecture on

Tuesday at 6 p.m. I delivered my lecture. The people were well satisfied.

Said they would go for the Prophet, both gentlemen and ladies. Wherever I

have spoken on the subject it has taken beyond my expectation. I went and

stayed with Brother Bond's folks on

Monday night, but when I came to go to bed, it seemed as though there were scores of devils around me, not because I was at Brother Bond's but in place and design in something of mischief against me. But I lay abed till

morning but spent a horrid day on

Tuesday. I asked my Heavenly Father

to preserve me till I got away from

Kirtland. I got a testimony that He

would. We left about one o'clock and

I thank the good Lord that I am safe away from that place. I think it may

be some time before I go there again.

I have no more business there. I have

{Continued on page 422) IN ONTARIO WOODS

By Farres H. Nyman and Neuman C.

in Petty of the Canadian Mission CHURCH RENO hundred of the townspeople stranger. Those who do this are only Twoof the little village of Bancroft, in

those who seek after these things. Bethe heart of the central Ontario

as they sat spellbound backwoods, all bustling prethat the of hind show By E. ABBOTT VAUGHN presented pageant a sacred witnessed life vails of night the clubs in the and Bishop Reno Ward, Reno Stake of Saint the Latterday of the children by exist city there the normal very and

sound business conditions that make Primary and Sunday School.

little of this handful five years For stability the of any wide awake up of said, the cry because the Lord in the meeting scholars humbeen had community.AND is great, and and Gomorrah Sodom A. Mills ble Brother of Hugh home this interests, the In diverse city of I their grievous, sin because is very

will go down now, and see whether they Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday have done altogether according to the cry Saints has built a place of worship, of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I where its members might have the opnear, drewwill know. Abraham And together, often, exand portunity meet to

said, righteous destroy the also thou "Wilt spirit world, the outside of clude the thewith wicked?"

and worship. It is a beautiful building

For more than a score of years the literally "set upon a hill,"a building of spirit of the Lord has been working harmonious colors within and an atwith men to build up the kingdom of mosphere of welcome and of comfort to

God in "The Biggest Little City in the the weary of mind and sad of heart.

World."Out of this strife and valiancy Imbued with the spirit of the members

have come results with the promise of of the Church and their friends as they yet greater things. On February 9, built the structure piece by piece, brace

1941, Elders John A. Widtsoe and against brace, it is an example of what

THE HOMEMADE PAGEANT faith, courage, and ambition can acPARTICIPANTS IN of Council Merrill of theJoseph F. BANCROFT AT complish. the organidirected ApostlesTwelve

zation of a stake of Zion in the NeThe building as it now stands is a city, residents to the of the a beacon California Misthe District ofvada of morning. them every Sunday Some

faith to of those symbol and hope who it Stake. calledsion and Reno far miles, the three as as walked had

life, lost interest in attraction an have It that the people seems all over this hadn't been round. even year And to interests of beauty those whose have that the ideaworld acquired have the for their test the greatest of love the

in forbidden themlittle city of Reno, Nevada, is made up led criticism for sepaths, directing Gospel, was ofttimes to them things of worth. backlargely people. undesirable of For preacher. the vere on old "Mormon"

another view, one should go to those Within its doors it houses all of the Then, after a valiant struggle through who have lived in the city and have auxiliary organizations of the Church the years, with little contact with the had time to note its beauty and share that are established in any ward of the Church, they had received new hope its hospitality; who have learned that Church. The young people of the with the announcement that Elders

aside from the things for which it is vicinity have wonderful opportunities would be stationed there for a time.

to participate in the activities of the therenotorious, are peace, beauty, and Elders came. bond common The The

is city; Church.industry. not the real This love and brotherhood of was noticed

building describedthe place and maintenance have The some by who neighbors. attendthe Meetings and of by

this the stimulate helping are to chapel the night to rounds hereflown by make class increased. Primary ance was A interest the in clubs, of night people the ward. housesof gambling and the started to supplement Sunday

faithful to tell to they remain then rushed always haveand away May who chilthat the School, and it was plain built. for pitfalls evil that the cause theof the which and waylay it was in the interested extremely dren were

privileges and benefits of the "Mormon"classes. Through the winter

there were times when the mercury dropped into the minus twenties and thirties, and still the faithful ones continued coming, until, with spring, it became evident that something of more than usual interest was going on.

When the big moment had arrived, and the opportunity was here not only to portray the beautiful story of the "Newness of Life,"but also to make the townspeople "Mormon conscious,"surely, nothing but the Spirit of God could have inspired such effort on the part of those fortythree children.

Two tired Elders retired that night with a sure knowledge that God "is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him."We had a feeling of progression and a perfect climax to six

months'labor in a land where modern comforts are still comparatively unPhoto by /. S. McClellan. known (the oil lamp is our light and

supply) creek water our among OF PRIESTHOOD RESPONSIBLE the L. D. S. CHAPEL, RENO, NEVADA, GROUPS AND TWO OF THE the accept Gospel gladly. people who UPKEEP CONSTRUCTION FOR ITS AND

PREHISTORICMAP OF IRRIGATIONDRs OMAR A-TTTKtTETCANALSEROS.

PHOENIX ARIZONA

A MAP OF PREHISTORIC ARIZONA CANALS

Used by permission.

PIONEER BEGINNINGS John R. McRae, who was then

a babe in the company, says that his father later told him President IN ARIZONA Young had a large map showing the location of the likely colonizing

Tn which is presented another evidence places in Arizona. The President

of President Young's inspired leaderindicated that the Merrills and some ship others might settle in the San Simon,

San Rafael, or the San Pedro ValThewassaying"a profitthat toPresidentthis people"Youngas AS TOLD TO rillley. ( ofInwrestlinga letter tofamePhilemonin the C.ProphetMerJoseph's day) President Young exwell as being a true prophet, JAMES W. LESUEUR

is verified in thousands of instances. pressed the wish that he might settle

Let me tell you of a striking incident By the Mormon Pioneers of Arizona in the latter place. Later, President

aot generally known in the Church. John Taylor prophesied that the San

In the spring of 1 876, Henry Clay willow hut, near which a horse was Pedro Valley would be settled by

Rogers of Provo, Utah, received an tied to a tree. Presently he saw a Latterday Saints from one end of

invitation from President Young to man come out of the hut, mount the the valley to the other and that some visit him in his Provo home, as he horse, and ride away. present in the meeting would live

wanted to have a talk with him. I am informed that the families to see that day.

After a few preliminary greetings, of Daniel W. Jones, Philemon C. Henry C. Rogers left his Provo

the President said: "Brother RogMerrill, Dudley Merrill, Joseph Mchome November 8, 1876, going as

ers, don't you want to go on a misRae, A. O. Williams, George Steele, far as St. George, Utah. Here he

sion to Arizona?"Thomas Merrill, Dell Merrill, Ross waited until the others of the colo-

"Do you want me to go?"queried R. Rogers, Thomas Biggs, and Isaac nizers would be ready. The comBrother Rogers. Turley, in addition to that of Henry pany was organized in St. George,

"No,"replied President Young, C. Rogers, were called to colonize January 12, 1877. They left Janu-

"I don't want you to go, but the in Arizona, with Daniel W. Jones as ary 1 7, 1 877, traveling by way of the

Lord wants you to go."their leader. Muddy, Nevada, crossing the Colo-

"Then I'll go,"said Brother In the fall of 1875, Daniel W. rado River at Stone's Ferry, then

Rogers, adding, "How will I know Jones, J. Z. Stewart, Helaman Pratt, via Chloride to People's Valley, Arithe right place to settle?"Wiley C. Jones, R. H. Smith, Amzona. Here they held a meeting and

"You'll know the place when you nion M. Tenney and Anthony W. decided to have a united order, or, as

see it,"answered the President. Ivins were sent by President Young they called it, "the Order of Enoch,"

When President Young said he to explore central and southern Ariin their new settlements.

would know the place, a vision zona. A favorable colonization reAlong the way there were some

passed before Henry C. Rogers'port was recommended to the Presiwho worried about their place of

eyes. He declares he saw a postdent. (Continued on page 443)

LOOKING BACK AT

By WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTH

MAGNIFICENT MACHU PICCHU, THE CITADEL OF THE INCAS (Left) Hidden for centuries among these mountain clefts are magnificent ruins once peopled by a race of proud warriors. This city, built by the Incas probably

2,000 years ago, was discovered in 1911 by Professor

Hiram Bingham of Yale University and uncovered and excavated under his direction in 1912. It is

situated on a narrow precipitous ridge, two thousand THE APPEARANCE OF SNOW IN SUMMER IS feet above the river and seven thousand feet above ONE INFRA RED EFFECT the sea in the Grand Canyon of the Urubamba, one of the inaccessible parts most of the Andes.

A OF INCA ARCHITECTURE AT INFRA RED FOR GEM

MACHU PICCHU (Below) DRAMATIC PICTURES contains Picchu about The city of Machu edifices two By Henry H. Graham granite, hundred white built of including

palaces, temples, shrines, baths, fountains, and many stairways. The exquisite perfection with which each you crave a change in photography? like to block of stone you fitted do together Would was in a mortarless

union into the Do as they though had been molded some truly dramatic with work corresponding angles and curves denotes the archithat fine camera of yours? Would you

tectural skill attained by these master builders. In like to get some moonlight effects in

is the staircase the as background seen what is known broad daylight—some weird, ghostly farms of the ancients. of Untold thousands acres results?

of in mountainside land Peru thus were redeemed long ago by the Indians. Then load your camera with infra

red film and fare forth into the country, park—anywhere,or saunter throughin fact,the wheregreeningtherecityis

green deciduous foliage. If you follow the manufacturer's recommendations regarding exposure and choose

your subjects wisely, you will return home with plenty of startling images on your negatives. For infra red, one

of the newer emulsions to come into more general use, supplies drama with a capital D. Infra red is now available

in most roll film sizes as well as in cut film and for 35mm cameras.

The most startling infra red effects are obtained during the seasons when green deciduous foliage is abundant.

This is because the leaves, plants and trees contain a substance known as chlorophyll which reflects infra red rays strongly. Trees appear to be snowcovered though no snow has fallen

for months. Skies are wild and black,

and fleecy white clouds stand out with (Continued on page 422)

"SKIES ARE WILD AND BLACK, AND FLEECY

CLOUDS STAND OUT WITH AMAZING SHARPNESS."

INCA SACRIFICIAL STONE

the taught in tradition and the still survives as a white came Peru of man God who The to religion, till and their taught order, principles them of social them the gave people irrigate the ground, to weave, to make implements of bronze, and ornaments of gold and silver. There are striking similarities between the preIncan and Incan religions and the

Hebrew faith, and from the practice of the offering of the first fruits of flocks and herds there gradually evolved the human sacrifice. This immense sacrificial stone is approximately

fifteen feet high and thirty feet in length. Evidences of blood eight inches deep in the

crevices still remain.

and SONGS HYMNS

THE LATTERDAY SAINTS

w LOVE AT HOME // By GEORGE D. PYPER Recently in the Los Angeles Pub-

"To be happy at home is the General Superintendent. Deseret lic Library I found what purports to School Union Sunday and Board story be the true of its all ambition."ultimate result of birth. It was First Assistant Chairman of the written McNaughton, by John Hugh Johnson. Samuel Church Committee Music

scion of a Scotch family residing in "He is happiest, king or peasant, Caledonia, New York. In the store of

who finds his happiness at home."awellknown music publisher, <a numGoethe. ber of customers were seeking a song

that had been rendered at a concert the night before. Among them was

love been has a theme tall, slim of a man, walking young up all through sagesHOMEpoets and his and with down arms folded. He

the centuries. The home has approached the manager and asked

been called "the chief school and the usual price for the manuscript sanctuary of human virtues,""an of a song such as these people were interpreter of heaven,""a nursery of buying. The manager replied that

the infinite,""the sweetest type of it would cost a great deal for a song heaven,"etc. But to the Latterday that would make people cry, as that

Saint the home is more than all one did last night, but that not one these: it is basic in his philosophy. song written in a hundred makes

In a conference of the Sunday such a hit.

School Union held in the Taber- "Ah, indeed,"said the young man.nacle, Salt Lake City, October 8,

1916, the late President Joseph F.

Smith, commenting on the home, A few days later the publisher rewhich was one of the themes of the ceived the manuscript of a song evening, said: with this note: "That other song I

gave you. If you want this one the

The very foundation of the kingdom of price is named on the cover."The

God is laid in the divinely ordained home; "Love At Home"price was outrageous, but it was paid.

and there should be no difficulty in holding Words and Music by The song was "Love at Home,"and in the highest reverence and exalted JOHN HUGH McNAUGHTON the young man was John Hugh Mcthought, the home, if it can be built upon THERE is beauty all around, Naughton.

the principles of purity, of true affection, When there's love at home;

of righteousness and justice. The man There is joy in ev'ry sound, Mr. McNaughton's verses caught

there's at home. love When of the fancy Longfellow, Henry his perfect confidenceand have W. wife who abide, here plenty and Peace that his wrote him poems had other to follow determinein each and who side. who ev'ry Smiling sweet on

the laws of God in their lives and fulfil the Time doth softly, sweetly glide, touched him very much. Tears fell

measure of their mission in the earth, would When there's love at home. down his cheeks, he said, as he read

at at home, Love Love home them. couldnot withcontented never be be and

glide, softly, doth sweetly Time their feelings, the hearts,out Their home. there's at love home. When fifty Four hundred thousandtheir their desires naturally minds, would

is In the there joy, cottage copies of of some Mr. McNaughtrend the building of toward and a home there's at love home. When ton's published, songs were among theirfamily of to a of and own; kingdom ne'er annoy, and envy Hate

the laying of the foundation of eternal inWhen there's love at home. them "Belle Mahone,"a popular

crease and power, glory, exaltation, and Roses bloom beneath our feet, ballad of the 'eighties.

dominion, worlds without end. AllMakingthe earth'sa life ofa blissgardencomplete,sweet, The charm and simplicity of McWhen there's love at home. Naughton's "Love at Home"are reat at home. Love at beLove been a "Love Home"has in home. vealed each of its four stanzas. life complete, a bliss Making inloved popular and our number analysis. It needs that love no The there's at love home. When

Saint collectionsLatterday song sanctifies the is engendered home by smiles heaven abovefor over fifty years giving Kindly without confidence, kind tolerance, words, at love home. When there's

the name of the author or composer. All the world is filled with love, the helping hand, willingness to give

It has been sung around the fireside When there's love at home. and serve, by upright, honorable

sings the brooklet in campfire, theand the Sunday Sweeter by, living; cleanliness, beautification, by Brighter the azure beams sky,Schools and Mutual Improvement the care of body; and above all, by Oh, there's one smiles on high, who

Associations without honoring its When there's love at home. the love of God. Such a home in

fatherhood. I have searched many Love at home, Love at home, hovel, cottage or marble hall is a joy

there's smiles one who inbooks libraries to find its Oh, many on high, ineffable, and a little brings heaven there's at love Where home. origin.author, and strifetorn nearer to this world.

of walks, drives, buildings, and fences to harmonize with the surroundings are important. Working with a plan

effort waste, of prevents both and maDolling up effort spent time on and terial. The

planning home grounds will be well repaid because of the pleasure which wellplanned and wellkept grounds JPul DOORYARD bring to those who participate.

When making plans for the improvement of outside areas of our home

By JAMES M. KIRKHAM grounds, they should be treated as outdoor rooms, which they really are

Of the Church Beautification Committee some for service and convenience and others for enjoyment—but all should

be made usable and useful for all the family.

Style There is a tendency to classify styles of gardening as "formal"or "informal."The informal style is sometimes called the "natural,"as expressed

in irregularly curved lines. It is the

most economical in first cost and easiest to maintain. It is adapted to the needs

of the small city or farm home. For

large gardens or estates and parks, the formal style is frequently used. This

consists of symmetrical or balanced areas, carefully planned grades and terraces, clipped hedges, with some architectural embellishments such as large vases and statuary.

Division of Grounds AN EXAMPLE OF EFFECTIVE FRONT YARD The home grounds divide themselves

LANDSCAPING IN THE so done, HOME problem been have the we area public the divisions: three of into LEOF RICHARDS. ISGRANDFOUND BISHOP NOTE practical pleasing the and most making the "front as has been known BEEN which HAS AHOW THE GARAGE MADE

PART OF THE HOUSE. use of conditions as they exist. In yard,"the private area, sometimes

order to beautify and landscape city or called the outdoor living room or "back plans should rural grounds, home area. the service first yard,"and

elaborate not need be made. These is subof some there need Often

complicated. owner home TheTOhomehave attractivesurroundingsand iswellarrangedthe ideal of beor areas. these material stantial to separate

Trees, alert owner. every home the picture should paper put on such lattice or fences, can make he Walls,

are flowersshrubs, lawns, very and like create. to would or it in part division be done or a may

the part mirror of a home, andmuch material is plant in landscaping the use of always help entirely Expert by the pride the of owner. trees. small this shrubs, the vines, lack desirable; of as and however, such

like of "I to see proud a man is planting tall division individual of stop not should the help an a When lives his that heplace place so where will perennials himself. Helpsmall doing he can used, bushes and from what

statedwill him."of Abraproud be So in front of such secured ful ideas study be a pleasing finish by may and make

ago. Lincoln yearsham many careful of cataperusal observation, by a planting.

it It is desire of the the ImproveChurch bulletins. logues, books, magazines, and

that Beautification Committeement and Public Area locatdone Decide what want by you its beautifiof campaignthrough home all the divisions of grounds ing paper on area public front or the dooryard In all will of ourcation the homes members certain plant to where want and you expanse a smooth should there be openreflect ideals of the high standards and correct placing shrubs. trees and The flowers bordered lawn, by of unbrokenour Church.

There is a sense of satisfaction in with shrubs and trees in irregular

LIVING ROOM""OUTDOOR improved have and THISknowing that you OF ICAL THE CURRENT TREND ISIN TYPIN- groups. Around{(Continuedthe base ofon thepagehouse425)beautified surroundings and your home BEAUTY AND COMFORT. FORMAL

and in this way have added to the beauty of the community. To do so is

an expression of civic pride.

Possibly nothing in later life holds the affection of children to their old homesteads as the trees under which they used to play, the flowers and shrubs which they helped to plant and enjoy.

The impressions that children obtain from the home and its surroundings are not only pleasant memories, but they are a stabilizing influence throughout life.

Just how to "doll up the dooryards,"to beautify and to landscape the home grounds, is a question that many are asking. The development of beautiful

home grounds begins with the location of the house. In most cases this has

Such a young mother A SHORT SHORT STORY By CHRISTIE LUND COLES

CLEMISE WAITED BREATHLESSLY, She had been their age when she

AND LAUGH A BRITTLE HEARD I had met Stu. Strange how much "OH, WORDS, MOCKING THE THINK SHE IS JUST TOO CUTE."like him Bill was—-serious, quiet, unpredictable. He had been ten years

older than she. He always said to

"Don't tell me Bill's old enough to her, "You're just a baby. You'll

be having dates?"Jessica Worthen never be old. You'll always be as

exclaimed, incredulously. young as you are at this moment."

it had been, having him, "Seventeen,"Clemise told her; How good

"and you should see him. Six feet and how alone she had felt when

if he is an inch. A regular young he died after a brief illness. But

viking. It doesn't seem possible. I she had kept her chin up, kept young

as gay would have wanted and he looking sit around I should suppose

... do. her to..".. 'Mother'like Whistler's

Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of voices near the window.

were people young 1 he pressIt Drew was the girl—Ann, fun room. the It was lips, held scattered about called theyed a scentedc'lemisetissue to her her—and anothershe believedgirl.

it there for a fraction of a moment, to see how cute Bill was with his own The latter was asking, "How do you removed it, and pursed her mouth to friends, how gracious. But one girl like Bill's mother?"

view the effect. Her smile showed was receiving too much attention Clemise waited breathlessly, heard

her satisfaction with the results of a from him. Why? She was not a brittle laugh and the mocking

meticulous application of lipstick. studiedly attractive. Her hair hung words, "Oh, I think she is just too

Standing up, she viewed herself about her shoulders in a profusion cute."

in the very large, modernistic mirror, of unconcern. There was no magic For a moment Clemise couldn't

noted her slim hips, her small waist. about her, no mystery. She was move, then almost without volition

Well, if she did say so herself, talking with him as casually as if he she ran swiftly down the veranda she didn't look her age. Fortytwo! were another girl. and entered the house by another

No one could guess her a day over Clemise fairly glided up to them to door. Once inside she stood tremthirty. inquire, "And whatever are you two bling, shaken. She tried to tell herShe might be taken for Bill's sister* discussing so seriously?"self that the girl could have meant

or one of the crowd he ran around The girl replied quickly. "We it as a compliment. Oh, but she had

with, rather than his mother. Cerwere discussing aviation. We're used the same words herself, knew

tainly some women didn't take any both going in for it."the inflection in the voice, the sartoo much pains to keep themselves "Oh, don't tell me. That's no casm. But how dare she? And in

up. Their hair was frowzy, their place for a girl, my dear. Nor a her own home?

skins neglected. They would never boy, either—if the boy happens to The little snip was probably jeallook like this when they were fortybe mine."She said the last softly, ous of her. Women always were.

two. standing on tiptoe to plant a kiss on But to think that Bill liked her....

She walked into the living room Bill's square, smooth chin. On her way to the kitchen she met

where some of her friends were waitHe flushed darkly, but she went Bill. She said, "Hello. I was going

ing for her to go on with them to the off gaily. A small group was about to see about something to eat."

theater. She greeted them from the the piano and she stopped to take one "Don't bother, Mom; the crowd

door, "Hi ya."Most of them laughed lad's arm and say, "My word, will want to move on. We'll get some

indulgently; several of them came you look at those eyelashes."When hamburgers down at Sam's."

forward. the others laughed, she added, "I She lifted her carefully plucked

"Going on with us?"one of them dare say if I were a few years eyebrows. "Confucius say: Ohinquired. younger..."So?"

"No. I'm dreadfully sorry but I She started toward the kitchen but He grinned: "You won't mind.

just learned that Bill is having some decided she needed air, so stepped You look tired and the house is so friends in tonight. I think it will be out onto the porch. It was a heavcluttered with whatnots that they

ed—assweet ofwellme toasstayto steerand getthemacquaintoff the enly night, all blue and silver and daren't move."I girls were young—as she, too, was have them go.Dresden—if you know what alive. Young, as these boys and Suddenly she was glad, glad to

mean."young. ( Concluded on page 424

JULY 24, 1847 THANKS, GOD, FOR PRAIRIE SUNFLOWER LEGEND

DAY By lna Jespersen INDEPENDENCE By Josephine Cheney Back By Edna S. Dustin

miles, this, endless the weary this prairie doth country, legend ourFOR thee, for Independence thank God, of slowpassing long dust and sun The INprevail: WE Day months, the to planted sunflowers mark were

of every That here orphans welcomed That the flight graves, shallow abandonedThe trail, Mormon tongue loved, friends we've and homeFrom these flowers others following, would So,

S. A., of the the join family U. the To this, around prayers fervent the For the blaze way,

rung. the of Liberty chime... was Where fires. evening early that of future travelers to day. guide A

No! Not here! No partiality was ever shown.

All those adopted share equally her breast. If that is how they came here, gratitude

Many and long the days before What finer love has one great family we owe,

Nauvoo had grown too dim for seeing, known, For the cheery blossoms that on the prairie

Yet even then, I'd keep remembering Whose unity ties states from East to West7 grow, room. darkened in a of sunshine ray Like a the shelves, fruit I'd left alongThe

their prairie light with the dull brown all turned, earth, Help us, her children; let no opaque mote They gardenThe

blot sight distant that our and Remove bloom. yellow the walk; poppies coming up alongMy

view; in of bloom, rose peak crimsonThe

Stripes beneath pulsate Stars and Here, see, there unlives and must every now Valley, fair Platte the from (Who Through coat, each derstand, side, canyon field in us stand near Your You And its I let wildness back prune never as John the tourists greet they motor gaily of They blue. conformity.) ride, To strict

Cherish then the sunflowers and the legend, too, is place!"the "This to render thanks where not

is things Forgetting shortened vision too by theMy due. thanks are fields fertile greenness. of I've and known

Forgive my woman's heart—and underIt is a pretty story of a kindly deed that stand

The nobler dream escapes me grew,

You dream of empire:"I, a home. Multiplied, and scattered by every breeze

that blew.

MY WESTERN HOME Let usto profitcome, by the legend, plant for those

By P. V. Cardon Dropping seeds of kindness as we journey

valleys a mile above sealine!Her onward home.

her mountains mile more A rise sheer! Photo by Harry Elmore Hurd

in glorious snowbanks, aboundsWealth MY PRAYER clear in a atmosphere. And health OLD WAGON WHEELS

Warm air from the clean breast of desert By Hannah S. Burningham By Mabel Jones

Rises to peaks capped with snow; Round after round on their weary way Dear God,

Then, cooled on the bosom of glaciers, The wagon wheels cry out; The hours are short,

Sinks fresh to the valleys below. With creaks and groans and slides and The days so few!

bumps Too soon the sun and earth and friends

Graygreen on blue landscapes, rank sageThey jostle and lag and pout. Are gone.

brush Help me to keep Fringes tilled fields of farm crops They rumble and roar o'er the flinty ridge; Life's brevity in view!

On deep, fertile stretches of plowland They mire in the shifting sand; Don't let me miss

Wet by cool streams from the "tops."They crush the sage and cactus plants The glory of one dawn.

To conquer a virgin land. Teach me to live abundantly,

With unshaken faith in her future, To do

Big souls, clear minds, and hard hands; They slip and slide down the steep hillside, Some worthy thing for man to look upon.

With eyes raised to God in the Heavens, Or crash through the deep ravine,

Toiled strong men, who reclaimed these But their precious load they must safely bring lands. yon valley's silver stream. THE SAGUARO To

But much still remains to be done here By Dessie Chesley

Aye, much that will measure each man At night they rest in mud, hub deep,

As truly as trials of the pioneer trails Cooled by the valley's breeze, am the Saguaro

Youth must further what brave men But by early dawn they roll along, I Silent, ageless, and calm.

began!. Refreshed, new conquests to seize. I am the sentinel of centuries;

I know of the life of tomorrow,

So with sons of our sons and their sons Round after round and day after day, But dwell on the life that is gone.

Shall the task of statebuilding rest. They hold till their journey's o'er; I stay while the worlds move past me

May the God of these mountains and desThey carry their precious burden on Finding the things they miss.

erts Till it rests at the master's door. They hunt for the dreams of the future;

Show the builders the way to build best! I tell of the things of the past

Old wagon wheels, your day has gone, Of the hunger call of the coyote,

UNDERSTANDING TheAndmodernyou lieageby rollsthe wayswiftlyto rot.past, OfOf birth,his matingof life,songand inof thedanger,fall,

By Inez Ruth Stevens Your service and strength matter not. Of pain, of thirst, and of death.

majestic, beautiful, brave. the world owes much to your shriveling Yet great must be Thy joy to Thee, O But

the ruler hulk, of the desert;HowLord, I am barren, lonely, and ragged, I am

In wide creation of the universe, For the part you have played in the stride, I protect, I grant, and forbid;

When I can gather such delight from this And side by side with the Pioneers, I am the spirit of the desert;

The making of a single bit of verse! You may rest with a conqueror's pride. I am the Saguaro.

dhjadinq $&l Ijauunq* folicSumm&L

THEY WERE STRONG AND GOOD By MARBA C. JOSEPHSON THE LONELY DWARF

(Written and illustrated by Robert (Written and illustrated by Rosemary

Lawson. The Viking Press, New Lamkey. Henry Holt and Company,

York, 1940. $1.50.) Northwest. The trouble—or shall we call New York, 1939. 49 pages. $1.00.)

thirteenit began when illustrated is artist the author who little adventure?—all written story attractive wasTHE This his to mind Ballard old up made year Dan Gillis the Bull and Ferdinand Wee girl, was fifteenyear-old who a by pair for furs a all his hardcaught of trade this In volume, Leaf.written Munroe by of American an the in Zone Canal born

boots. hobnailed of his and to grandparents tributehe pays story mother. The father French a and it exas the Revolution of story This this to helped Amerhis parents make who forgotten little had dwarf about a who particularly valley into and the tended Ohio his stories the it of In is today. ica little what a until blew a to wind laugh bad ishow reading. exciting makes Kaskaskia ancestors weaves Mr. Lawsonimmediate story of is which It kind the him. to baby

romance and interest sufficient to hold the children will beg to have read to them attention of children and also that of their AN EAR FOR UNCLE EMIL time and time again.

parents. (E. R. Gaggin, Illustrated by Kate

Seredy, Viking Press, New York, 1939. HE WENT WITH CHRISTOPHER

ELIJAH THE FISHBITE 238 pages. $2.00.) COLUMBUS

Turnbull. Sligh (Agnes Illustrated. Kent. (Louise Andrews Swiss of story a little truly unusual York, 1940. Macmillan, Illustrated. This Boston, New Mifflin Company, Houghton of Peter girl, goose; Gigi, the Resi; of $1.50.) pages. 114 $2.00.) pages. 1940. 317

little espemost boy; and Kirchli, Swiss a

first the in doll seen kitten the the Emil, Swiss was cially boy of UncleBecause an Peter of Aubrey, the eyes THROUGH transforit marvelous attached a such undergoes because became and church on deckboy became English boy who reading it engrossing the given children, minister's to the was make whomation—should flagship, wc Columbus'the Maria, Santa

It then twelve. Fishbite. eight to the Elijah for of children And dignified from name discoverer, great the who respect learn to

the of Angela, which kitten is question dignified the also there (maybe a alwayswasn't loyalty, his and purpose, his singleness of in the until very for least to suspense partly at delightful children blame were makes is of that religious nature worthy his deeply, it the story. adorable this one of always an ) but end was cruelty couldn't bear Peter, respect. who

it all congregation, the quite captured soand for grateful particularly kind, of was any dislike to prepared of were whommany of Columbus. patience kindliness the and VULCAN OF SONS THE of adventures everything. Theanyand

B. Illustrated. Hibben. J. (Thomas the Fishbite Elijah children the and four

Philadelphia, Lippincott Company, SAFARI ON readers.will be young long remembered by

1940. 259 pages. $2.00.) (Theodore Waldeck. Illustrated by

Viking Press, New The MIDDLE BUTTONTHE

, $2.50.) pages. 1940. 208

Illustrated. Doubleday, INtelligentlythis bookandthefascinatinglystory of metalstold. Asis theinYord,Kurt Wiese. Worth. (Kathryn

tools'manufacture 1941. use of and York, development and Company,Doran New is Arabian which means an word SAFARI increasingly the reader unfolds, becomes pages. $2.00.)274

its definition: English than more much followed has man's progress that certain

this least in expedition. exhunting a At thirteenthe of story Maggie McArn, metals the of which to ability use makeTHE it that, citing than book, more means much ardently girl so wished yearold develops, story the who provided. has earth As

for eighteenyear-old Theodore Waldeck of will hold a world doctor,to a the at become magnificence help marvel cannot one illness the from had kept making been by girls school of highinterest for young metals base, crude take can of man, who safari joined. the expedition with he had it difficult 1880's, she found theage. In of things beauty into and them and make

if that, recovered he found he he When if that she parents even herto persuade with the saying utility. help cannot One

it, to going cover overtake he were must get to an girl allowed should a artisan, be she scribe: "Oh,was ancient Egyptian

veldt. miles of of hundreds Rather unknown her last things at cameeducation. But art the perfect man."thou

return the order than had which been home, it her to her for get possible and wasway safari, of the Duke, commanded who training. There was medicalmuchdesired LET'S SEASHORE THE TO GO join started to out Theodore them—andthe however, bit the and way, ofa on romance (Illustrated. E. Harriet Huntington. all it, his the despite against doing odds he Elliott could Marshall whether wonderwe and Company, Doubleday, Doran desire, heart's his the accomplished and the to ambitiouscling long win enough on pages. $2.00.) 1941. 88 York, New in lands African adventures promised darkMaggie.

reality. a became

BLUE WILLOW INpicturesthis beautifullywhich theillustratedauthor herselfbook, withhas (Doris Gates. Illustrated. The Viking taken, are life stories of the animals which LITTLE JUNGLE VILLAGE

Press, New York, 1940. 172 pages. $2.00.) live in and around the sea. Dedicated to (JoBesse McElveen Waldeck. Illustrated.

to all children never been have who Viking Press, the The New York, 1940. Larkin that beautiful thing only Janey really travel a the seashore, becomes book 176 pages. $2.00.)THE

that been plate had a willow had is was inestimable of value which and book her grandmother's and her mother's and interest. |"\oubtless inspired by Kipling's Jungle

regular Until a hers. she had wasnow *-'this the Tales, of author takes book

it out couldn't where put again, shehome ISLE locale, her as THE WHITE our South American own it. did time see That couldeverybody jungle the Illustrated. through native children, and Snedeker. (Caroline Dale

little her Mexican with andcome, Janey sister tells his Pehweh and us Man-o, Doubleday, and Doran Company, the in lovelyfriend, rejoiced new Lupe, the folklore Into scene. about of 1940. our 271 $2.00.) pages. York, own New her that built that and so Janey washome all lives this the of of readers book, whether

as as long stay couldfather and Mom or juvenile, will are adult they this enter it does, as a with England they DEALING they in the moved. place had wherewanted of the understanding complete more animals quality a timely which book gains

should make it popular among young folk found in our jungles and the delightful age. school of high however, The date,HOBNAILED BOOTS

of the time at Hadrian, the Emperor whois fantasyfolk whothatdwellabidesin them.in the minds of the Nolan, Illustrated. The(Jeannette Covert

John C. Winston Company, Philadelphia, ruled from 117 to 138 A. D. Lavinia's Mrs. Waldeck, the author of the book,

187 pages. $2.00.) father had been too outspoken in his adlived with these people in British Guiana,

herence to the republic and found himself learned their language, and was adopted

Although this is a novel for boys and in some disfavor, not enough to warrant into their tribe. She writes a thoroughly

girls in their teens, it is based on hishis death, but sufficient to warrant his being delightful story, filled with suspense and torical information contained in George sent to the White Isle. England, to assume interest, which has been well illustrated by

Rogers Clark's Memoirs and letters; on duty there for the Roman Empire. What Katharina Von Dombrowsky, who has herJoseph Bowman's letters and journal; and Lavinia did there and how love came to self dwelt for some time in the South AmerWilliam H. English's Conquest of the her are told refreshingly in this book. ican jungle.

IReTooEllacR MAN ON HIS NATURE GEORGE ELIOT AND JOHN NEW ORLEANS COOK BOOK (Sir Charles Sherrington. The CHAPMAN (Lena Richard. Houghton Mifflin

Macmillan Company, 1941.) (Gordon S. Haight. Yale University Company, Boston, 1940. 139 pages.

Press, New Haven, Conn, 1940. $2.00.)

pages. 252 $2.75.) are curious about man's"Oeaders who

for this of author has many book** figure inner Byronic nature in the place rather The universe Chapand was John A the cateress in successful years a beenwill in Sir delight Charles Sherrington's man, ** encouraged Evans, Marian who in teacher as as city well of Orleans New to subject. the laterapproach Eliot, distinguished This in career. this In her George she opened school her cooking which ownphysiologist, prize Nobel winner more, book, deals and which with much more John this in recipes 1937. have in book The isinsists that different Eliot, energy, from than there inmind are George Chapman in tested capacities. Alher both been bythe process teresting the mental cerebral prosidelights life Eliot's from on George to this a pretend not be does though book iscess. things. living of inside the the also items crown menage and Man Chapman

it is with "coverall complete cook book"its life basis,Religion truth, are dealing the her with and with warp George Lewes. thirtythree three Creole hundred and

letters of experience.and diaries, woof and human "we Chapman's The John And to timing, mixing, measand recipes—evenhave, inalienable because before prelight published, never cast human, an on much it uring, complete should which makerogative literary responsibility,"the social of unrest of the period which and as can "we all like for to venture enough would who

...share well other."only as giving information with the each concerning The dishes. appetizing into new,

in heavily, characters leading fascinatargument others draws two a and and whose all carries the secstandard book The lives for theirs. hisillustrationsing letters remingled manner, the with upon The rest tions right the appetizers through from

that Eliot'story veal of physiology. husband, George J. W. call will forth the certainly of meal, and

is It this Cross, suppressed profound, austere of story a her early touching work, all the of the admiration of housemembers greatness, C. drift /. the present of which shows life.—M. tasting hold, the to from members male

thinking the spiritual realities of toward creative the female the of fammembers the universe. cannot with agree That we /. C. ily.—M. OF A THE MAP WORLD iNEWall of the author's conclusions not does

lessen the sincerity of his effort.—/. A. W. ATORTHEPRECOLUMBIANCLOSE OF THE NATIVEAGE FABLES FOR OUR TIMES

(James Thurber. Illustrated. Harper

1 WRITE IN ANGUISH M. Wells Jakeman, Itzan Society, and Brothers, New York, 1940.

(Almo Beals Simmons. The Deseret Los Angeles, California, 1940 124 pages. $2.50.)

$1.25.)News. with acquainted have become who Those Dr. B. Sidney By Spetty

rare the of wit Thurber through James life, as of individual tragedy anTHE Last or Flower, Alone, Let Your The Mind fairly well one acquainted with /"nly often here, the gives most recounted relish will thoroughly Fables For Our - horrors. present of picturevivid European field realize the the labor can and the at time that the of same Times some of student Jewish Berman, youngJohann that research into the gone have making squirm. morals barbed Written them make corforms Czechoslovakia,Bratisburg. by this of Dr. of one Jakeman, by map after the of the using of and manner many the acquaintanceship withrespondence an

is titles authorities of the in the leading placed the at Aesop, moral our Church is of Utah. family Provo,Simmons He

dull of each miss our end minds civilization. meason The map Mayan story—lest in persecutions convulsions the andcaught

point. special fables the the are joy a But feet feet inchures eleven two by two the the of occupation counpreceding Nazi

to cover. cover fromtry. to bring undertakes Brother of contains Simmons es amazing and amount an

in to the includes addition book The his follows purto and up AmericaJohann useful information not to the only adillustrated fables, Longfellow's of copies is vigor, unrelenting defeated but withpose student, of but vanced Book Mormon o'"Excelsior,"Kingsley's Dee,"Sand "The of the the war. dramatic outbreak Theby sociologist, anthropologist, also to the Scott's other as as well "Lochinvar,"letters telegrams ofsuccession and among

It poems. wellknown historian. archaeologist, purand friends, intended not Johann,Simmons, and

for publication, makes the volume an inports to show the state of "Ancient tensely human document and holds the inMiddle, and Andean South America in LEISURE FOR LIVING terest to the last. the 16th, 17th, 18th, and early 19th (Sydney Greenbie. George W. Stewart,

While tragedy holds the center of the centuries"and "the locations of the New York, 1940. 284 pages. $2.50.)

is also, in there especiallystage, humor little feel time so have their tribes nations principal we we and and Because to write attempts accordEnglishJohann's best leisure for in reason the be cities, territories, may political populations, construction. to grammaticaling German this for reading the book. world our Mr. types, cultures racial aclanguages and is for the In good day. book This a leisure every from analyzed has Greenbie findings latest of to the Americording effects the evil rule of ofrevealing a simply helpful advice. us angle given and had some

it reto anthropological us historical warning slumber becomes a can and who that particularly statement should One in our democracy.sweetly search."is is: reconciling of appeal a means "Fun

if Profits, sale the the any, of from book is study, fundamental a life The map dreams."with Latterday our For our

will to to bring America, should Johann is stateparticularly to that impressive Saints are a needed of which more many behe A. W. leaders because our always have emgofound.—J. ment in certain definitive results produce

that recreation should phasized a be means research. of areas of Book Mormon UNWILLINGTHE JOURNEY furthering of dreams. our time to not has reviewer had the The Co., Lee. (C. P. The Macmillan is leisure that the greater time of Now accuracy, the test exhaustively map's $2.50.) York.New all this will give us approaching, book

in instances those he in which but as should did ideas be done in trying to what it, well. test it. to measureGiving a clear story of Richard Hanna's up it seemed to attain M, C. J.

childhood, The Unwilling Journey preIn a work on such a scale one finds a picture. the colorfulsents Against a very things over, KABLOONA they quibble to but few

in the before of Arkansas daysbackground Poncins. de (Gontran best forgotten are contemone when '29 it is crash, the story the of duringand Hitchcock, and Reynal NewIllustrated.York, plates the as contribution a whole. family. class Mrs. typical middle Hanna'sa 1941. pages. $3.00.) 339

congratuItzan Society is to befight education, for The son's Mr. her Hanna's

title White means "The to his family, Richsupportstruggle and the publication lated Man"—and on by of this map The

relates the story the of a lone life, book battle the reality of againstard's own It is its highly one of valued members.

to live the went white among vitality thisall of man who novel. to the add satisfaction of to note a genuine source

the fifteen for time months from Eskimos parts are descriptive good. very Lee's Mr. brilliant that increasing of an number left until rein the he he light, on Ottawa to way the reader from takes gloomHe

is Dr. young Jakeman men (of whom his out. to turned Vancouver on this way happiness, todespair through and

medium has created a very intense—D. M.book.B. oneto help) aresolvebeingitsraisedproblems.up in the Church Into the book, ( Concludedthe author onhaspagecrowded42 1

AU arteurcOlovesChurch5!Opens Branch in in December. For next year a special President, Sister Grant

Panama Canal Zone historical issue of the Relief Society Observe Anniversary

Magazine is contemplated. The Relief

independent of anEstablishment Society is seeking alreadyL/ at Ft. Claybranch of the Church suitable deCurroundedchildren andbygrandchildren,a number of Presitheir signs for insignia. a centennial

ton in the Panama Canal Zone was dent Heber J. Grant and his wife,

effected in May by Antoine R. Ivins of Monument Honors Friendly Augusta Winters Grant, observed their

the First Council of Seventy, recently Hopi Indian Chief fiftyseventh wedding anniversary, May returned to Salt Lake. Otto Leo Hun26, with a dinner party in the Lion

saker was installed as president, with T atterday Saint colonizers of the House followed by a quiet evening at

Captain Earl G. Kingdon as first coundesert regions of northern Arizona home. President Grant had spent his

a friend the in Chief of found Tuba in in his time customary secondselor and Wilbur the morning G. Webb,

tribe. Indian land them He gave office attendingcounselor. to business. presidency can Hopi Church The branch

be reached at P. O. Box 1453, Balboa, on which to settle and protected them

hostile attack. Indian from Today, z.C. Pres. in Graduates Hear McKay/

settled City, Arizona, Tuba and named Elder Dr. Widtsoe, Lee chief after the in 1875, a famous monu-B. Y. U. Organizes

Emeritus Club mentthe longcommemoratesrecord of friendshiphis servicesbetweenand ITembers*"figured ofprominentlythe GeneralinAuthoritiesbaccalau- "T\r. Richard R. Lyman, member of the Church and the neighboring Inreate services at three institutions of

the Council of the Twelve, was dians. higher learning as part of the yearly

elected president of the new Brigham The marker was dedicated during graduation exercises:

Young University Emeritus Club at a two days of special services held May In Logan, on June 1, President David meeting of prominent alumni held May 10 and 11 on the campus of the U. S. O. McKay addressed graduates of the

8. The organization is open to all perIndian school in Tuba. Participating Utah State Agricultural College. On

sons who attended the school during were Elder George Albert Smith of the the same day at Brigham Young

Dr. Karl G. Maeser's administration, Council of the Twelve and president University, where, on June 4, Justice

1876 to 1891. Of the five thousand of the Utah Pioneer Trails and LandGeorge Sutherland of the U. S. Sustudents who attended during that fifmarks Association; George Q. Morris, preme Court, a prominent alumnus of

teenyear period fifty years ago, one vice president of the association and sixty years ago, received an honorary thousand are believed to be still living. general superintendent of the Y. M. doctor of laws degree, Elder Harold B.

M. I. A,; John D. Giles, executive secLee of the Council of the Twelve dePasadena Stake Presidency retary of the trails association and field livered the baccalaureate sermon; and at

I. the of supervisor Aaronic A. and 8, M. University the of on June Utah Pettit, formerly A."Elder William officers the Priesthood; of Snowflake graduates Widtheard Elder A. John - first counselor, has appointed been of the Indian faculty Stake; and Twelve, the of the Council of soepresident Stake, of the sucPasadena witschool. Eight people hundred S. the President C. and former of A. U.ceeding Counselors Jones. Bertram M. ceremonies. the nessed the of of University Utah.

I.in are the presidency Ross and Dana native sandstone with studded red Of other AuthorAddresses General by Reorganization Hunsaker. tookFaun plaque, turquoise bearing bronze a and ities exerthe featured commencement at quarterly conference aplace in May built the Snowflake by monument was semischools, cises at high numerous Elder ofattended by A. Wultsoe John missionaries, of appregesture Stake a institutes the naries, throughout and the of Councilthe Twelve. for ciation of services the Tuba, Chief region. intermountain

Branch Organized who was himself converted to the penetrated missionaries Church by 19, who 1941 May crehas been BranchPhihuahua chief 1850. as early as Arizona The dediClark, President Jr., J. Reuben the Stake, ated in with Juarez Edgar Kit for on acted scout as Carson once site at the of a the Church grounds cated

L. of as Mexico, Chihuahua, Wagner Aritrip to exploration a government for the building erected to be Welfare Elder.presiding

It is believed 1865. in he zona was Stake. Parowan

Relief Society Announces born in 1810 and died in 1887. (Continued on page 418)

Poem, Story Contest A centennial poem and short story "contest, one of the many features planned for the hundredth anniversary of the Relief Society in 1942, has been announced. The annual Eliza R. Snow

poetry contest this year will be limited to poems dealing with a centennial theme. The short story contest is open

to L. D. S. women who have had at

least one literary work accepted for publication in a recognized magazine.

Stories must deal with a centennial theme and be no more than three thousand words in length. The contest

closes October 1.

Cash prizes will be awarded for winning stories and for three winning poems, the poems to be published in Left to right: Sessil Allen, designer and builder of monument, and president of Hopi Indian mission;

an anthology of poems by L. D. S. S.GeneralEugeneSuperintendentFlake, presidentof Y. ofM. SnowflakeM. I. A.; stakeJohn S.mission;Dodson,ElderInstructorGeorgeat AlbertTuba VocationalSmith; Georgeand AgriculturalQ. Morris,

women which is to come off the press high school; and Jacob F. Duran, Instructor at Tuba City Vocational and Agricultural high school.

dii&riaL

Let every word be seasoned with grace. Be vigilant;

be sober. It is a day of warning, and not of many

As another July pioneer anniversary comes upon words. Act honestly before God and man. Beus, it is of interest to consider the various ware of Gentile sophistry, such as bowing and

periods through which the Church has passed in scraping unto men in whom ye have no confidence.

its more than a century of Latterday history. Be honest, open, and frank in all your intercourse

( Teachings of the Prophet Joseph The early period of restoration and organization with mankind."—

in eastern United States brought forth from the Smith, p. 156. See also D. & C. 43:15.)

heavens such a flood of enlightenment and instruc-—R. L. E.

tion as to mark it as the beginning of a new era, and in that day strong men rallied to the small but growing Church and devoted themselves to the spread of fi/uwL QnAuhonoL truth. Come time ago, the famous character Scattergood

Came then the gradual westward movement Baines made the statement that there was one more enlightenment from the heavens, growth, perkind of insurance that should never be allowed to secutions, the foreign missions, the gathering from lapse: the insurance on one's brains. He said,

many lands and climes, the martyrdom, the westfurthermore, that the only way one could be sure ward trek, the building of a new civilization in that the insurance was kept in force was to use a desert outpost, and continued growth and them. In these days of readymade clothes, furgathering. The weak fell by the wayside. Only niture, and houses, opinions have followed the same

the strong survived, and they clung to the things of tendency and are cut to stock patterns. Too many

God as they toiled with the material things of earth. of us nowadays bow to the ideas and thoughts of

A new century came. Frontiers were crowded others and take too little time to formulate any of

to the ocean side. Invention and discovery our own. The insurance on our brains is in sad

changed the pursuits of men and broke down the need of reinstatement.

barriers of isolation. The world came to "Zion."To keep our insurance in effect we must be

The "Zion"of the mountains grew beyond her honest in our payments. Honesty is not a relative

bounds. A world war intruded, to check the influx matter. Like its sister, truth, it is a constant. Alof peoples from other nations by immigration rethough oftentimes we may have a conviction, we

strictions. The young men and young women of dissemble in order to avoid unpopularity. Under

the Church began to go out for education, for these conditions the premium is not truly paid.

employment, for professional service, for positions In addition to honesty, fearlessness is a vital inof trust; and stakes began to multiply from sea gredient of the insurance paid on brains. The

to sea and beyond. A people, driven into a wilgreatest characters in the world paid their prederness retreat, had become strong and emerged miums, even when payment meant the sacrifice of

with the fruits of their beliefs, trusted and respected their lives for what they honestly thought. Soin all the world by upright men everywhere. crates drank the hemlock because he would not

And so, from being a majority people in a few retract what he honestly thought; Joseph Smith

communities, we came to be a vigorous minority died at the hands of a mob because he would not people in many communities and societies, with deny what he knew to be true; Jesus Christ was

influence and good will and welcome in all lands crucified because He walked the path He knew He of enlightenment. should travel.

Now what? Another world disturbance is The same honesty and fearlessness which conupon us. Enlightenment is challenged by force. stitute the insurance on our brains will also insure

Confusion crowds in on clear purpose. The most our receptivity to honesty and fearlessness on the

obvious road before all peoples leads down. The part of others. While we may disagree with that

prospects are not inviting—but we still have, which others may think, we shall be broadminded fundamentally, all that we have ever had—truth, enough to listen to their ideas, to discuss them, to

and men and women in all lands who are devoted allow others to maintain their ideas if they honestly to it. believe them. In fact, if our insurance is kept in

One leader in a community has often brought force, we shall encourage others to do the same to his way of thinking an effective part of the popukind of honest thinking that we ourselves wish to do.

lation. Worldreaching movements have freOne way that we can be sure our ideas are

quently been built around a germ of truth, and the honest is for us to save from our busy days some faith and purposefulness of one man. Given time for solitude. We need some time to be alone

devotion to a cause, and adding to it the purpose in order that we may think deeply and fully, elimiand power of God, the Latterday Saints, young nating from our thinking that which seems to have and old, may still let their influence be felt for good been the product of other folk's bias or narrowness in all of those communities and societies in which and incorporating into our thinking all things that they find their living and their fellowship. Nothing are true and worth while in making a fuller life.

all this in fundamentally, changed, has century solitude, In this shall that find also a Higher we since the Prophet uttered these Joseph Smith will thinking, will help us in our inPower heighten our spired words: powers of understanding, and will reveal new fields

"Ye are not sent out to be taught, but to teach. for exploration. M. C. /.

the Plan is evil. That is a simple, plain definition

of evil.Evidences and Third, our Father in heaven, who directs all

things pertaining to His children on earth, often deals, and necessarily so with matters beyond thereconciliations clear understanding of mortal man. Commandments are sometimes given which at least at first,

xxxix. (xJhaL Qa. viL? must be accepted through our faith in God and His

revelations. In any case, obedience to the will of

is evil. is will refusal the good; to obey of God

evil. is definition variation the of of another A library of books has been written on this subThisGod

ject. Philosophers have exhausted their inIn every instance "evil is inverted good or a correct

genuity in explaining evil. Nevertheless, Latterprinciple made evil use of."(Brigham Young,

day Saints find the answer to be simple and easily Discourses, p. 106.)

understood.

However, there can be, there is, no good or evil,

First, there is "an opposition in all things."If except by the intrusion of an intelligent being posthere be a south, there must be a north; if there be sessed of the power and right of free agency. Things

light, there must also be the possibility of darkness; and forces themselves are neither good nor bad. It

if a right side, also a left side; if activity, also quiesis the act of using them that results in good or evil.

its opposite, cence; there if good, which must be evil. electricity is neither nor current of good is A

evil; condition respect to every and and so on with intelligent results, uses however, man when Good

act of existence. This is much like the positive the current to give light in darkness; and evil results

and negative recognized in all mathematical and when the current is directed through the human scientific work. It is because of this eternal "oppobody to the hurt or death of man. Good and evil

sition"that man is able to choose, thus doing good are not apparent, do not exist, apart from the acor evil. tions of intelligent man.

This philosophical doctrine is laid down in much Whether the actions of men are good or evil may clearness in the Book of Mormon. The Prophet be determined by their effects on human life, and

Lehi, explaining man's free agency to,his son Jacob, their conformity to God's will. Warfare, for exsays: ample, is not for man's good. It destroys life and

the products of life. It seeks for good in incorrect

it be, things. in all needs that there opposition is an must For It violates the firm manner. of God. commands

.. If so,. righteousness pass, to not not could be brought It is therefore is not of God. evil. War neither neither wickedness, neither holiness misery, nor good

nor bad.... And if ye shall say there is no law, ye shall The Prophet Joseph Smith declared that all evil

If is sin. also there shall there say say is no ye ye no sin, voluntary. Teachings done by Joseph man was of

is if shall there also righteousness. say there no be no And taught the 187.) Smith, same Brigham p. Young(

if there righteousness happiness. there be no be no And doctrine. 85. p. Young, of Brigham ( Discourses righteousness there nor happiness punishment be nor no

misery. And if these things are not there is no God. And if President Joseph F. Smith ( Gospel Doctrine, p. 69

there is no God we are not, neither the earth; for there could and all other leaders of the Restored Church have

have been no creation of things, neither to act nor to be acted taught that by the actions of men possessed of free upon; wherefore all things must have vanished away.... agency, good or evil comes into the world. Thus,

And to bring about his eternal purposes in the end of man, the whole question of evil is referred to the will of after he had created our first parents, and the beasts of the man. He who desires good, and seeks to become

field and the fowls of the air, and in fine, all things which master of his will, will do good; while he who deare created, it must needs be that there was an opposition; sires evil, and uses his will for that purpose, does

fruit the in forbidden even tree opposition of life; to the evil. who love darkness do so because their Men

the bitter. being sweet other the one and the Wherefore, are evil. deeds

that unto Lord gave for himself. should act he God man

Wherefore, man could not act for himself save it should be The great discourse of the Prophet Lehi already that he was enticed by the one or the other. (2 Nephi, 2:11; mentioned sets forth this doctrine in great plain13; 1516.) ness. Modern revelation is equally emphatic. "All

truth is independent in that sphere in which God

Second, man is on earth under a plan provided has placed it, to act for itself, as all intelligence by God, the Father of the spirits of men. This also; otherwise there is no existence."(Doctrine

plan is for the good and welfare of man. The and Covenants, 93:30.

ultimate purpose of the Plan is to enable every person to develop his every power, and thus to whichEvil hasis withbeenus; permittedit is that influenceto come whichinto thetemptsworldto sin,for andthe

progress eternally. Imbedded in every part of the express purpose of giving us an opportunity of proving

Plan is the right of every man to act for himself, ourselves before God, before Jesus Christ, our Elder Brother, to choose one or the other of the opposites which before the holy angels, and before all good men, that we are evil, to the cleave to the overcome good, and present themselves him. before to If he chooses do determined

ability the for the to given has Lord us (Brigham do so.

is for his welfare, that which enables which him Discourses, 108.) Young, pp. 107,

to progress, he chooses the good. If he chooses

that which retards his progress, he chooses the evil. How man may desire good above all else, and

Whatever conforms to the Plan of God for His so direct his will, is a subject for later treatment.

earth children is good; whatever is in opposition to—/. A. W.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

Bishop's Building Expands Facilities {Conversion of the fourth floor of v > the Bishop's Building, headquarters of the Presiding Bishopric in Salt Lake, into offices to accommodate expanding needs top floor is now underway. The W. SEEGMILLER, WILLIAM has contained an auditorium for used BY ELLEFT, SUCCEEDED

BERT R. CURTIS, RIGHT, various Church meetings and social

AS HEAD OF THE WESTERN functions.

STATES MISSION. James McGuire Passes

James W. L. McGuire, 79, prominent

Church worker and friend of scores of missionaries to Hawaii during the past twenty years, died May 16 of heart disease at his home in Honolulu.

"Brother McGuire,"as he was affectionately known, son of an Irish father

The Church Moves On MonsonTopaz succeedsWard, PortneufDaniel P. Stake,Stephenson.Carl H. andassociateHawaiianof Kingmother,Kalakuau,becamelastasoverclose

Stake, Ernest Riverside Ward, Center eign Islands, the of as and cusserved (Continued page 415) from Stutznegger. C. succeeds M. Hauser todian Iolani of the palace. made He

St. Stake, Bryant Johns Ward, Eager States Gets Western extensive an collection valuable and of

I. Ashcroft. Paris succeeds Whiting PresidentNew Mission art antiques. Hawaiian and Sanpete South South Ward, Ephraim

"Older Elbert Raine Curtis, second Stake, E. Parley Christensen succeeds As a member of the Church, which

1 counselor in the Granite Stake Thomas L. Thomson. he joined in 1921, he made many trips

presidency, has been appointed to sucMercur Branch, Tooele Stake, Thayrel as a special missionary to different parts ceed William W. Seegmiller as presi- V. Cook succeeds Evon W. Holbrook. of the Islands, provided lodging for

dent of the Western States Mission. Davis Ward, Uintah Stake, Wallace numerous missionaries, and assisted

Collier. succeeds Joseph Slaugh in learning filled the tongue. them native mission to Great Curtis a Elder Stake, Oakley Ward, Yellowstone Heman last visited Brother Salt 1923 1921 McGuire Britain to and Lake from Nielson. succeeds has Hunter G. Otto

in 1940. the of Granite of the (Reported summer variously as clerk served by

Stake, superintendent of Sunday Death Takes Former Roscoe C. Cox.)

Stake, in the Cottonwood Schools Folland Justice H. W. 26, April 1941 I. the officer, Cotof A. member illnessM. than of more an "Collowing patriarch L. Hansen, 73, of William holder council, and high Staketonwood Folland, years, 63, H. William *"two the of Stake, the Chicago former bishop offices. His Priesthood variousof justice the of former Supreme Utah busiSugarhouse prominent and Ward, is Curtis, a wife, Luceal Rockwood Salt Lake. died 4 in on Court, June He in ness Salt Chicago, and Lake man Primary Granite Stake of themember the active of Church an member was in Chicago. died held numerous He children. three haveBoard. They in mission a from served Wales and positions. Church somefrom Curtis comes President the 1903. to on served Utah 1900 He

besides family: missionarything of a to 1938 1928 and from Court Supreme 13, 1941 May brothers his six seven father, ofhis director of as a served and member Sister rePresident and Judd James his apfilled missions, and newhave of organizations. civic numerous One their Salt to following turned Lake that third time thepointment makes is at present sons, his Folland, Richard release the Australian Mission. from been brothers have of the or moretwo president of the Afserving as South

on a mission at the same time. rican Mission. Lewis A. Ramsey, 66, noted portrait

Memorial Services Honor Brigham Young /Commemorating the 140th anni-

V* versary of the birth of Brigham

Young, pioneer leader, governor of the territory of Utah, and second president of the Church, services in the Salt Lake

Tabernacle, Sunday afternoon, June 1, featured a talk by Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve on

"The Wisdom of Brigham Young.''

Elder Preston Nibley delivered a radio address in the evening on Brigham

Young.

New Ward, Branch Leaders Assume Positions Penrose Ward, Bear River Stake, Jesse

Peterson succeeds Merlin Grover.

Blackfoot First Ward, Blackfoot Stake,

Howard W. Anderson succeeds James H.

Yancey.

Courtesy Photo Salt Tribune. Lake Stake, P. Douglas Elder Perry Box Ward, GENERAL OF THE BOARD ASSOCIATION PRIMARY JUNE CONVENTION AT Perry. succeeds Eugene H.Quayle left to right: Katherine S. Bennion, Leah A. Lloyd, Howells, C. Adele Hinckley, May Green

Stake, North Cache Logan Ward, P. Larson, Victor Janet FirstM. Thompson,row, Ebha E. Anderson. Vesta

left row, right: to Second Ivory, Berneice A. L. Leishman, Phyllis Fern Eyring, C. Grace Israelsen D. Wahlquist,E. succeeds Kemp. H. John

C. Brown, Vera P. Wahlquist, Margaret H. Bessie Jones, Stromness and L. LaDell Woolley. Stake, Calvin C. Olga Emery Clawson Ward, picture Absent when was taken: Jennie Jessie Schofield, Campbell, Bennett, Frances G. and Ruth W. succeeds Cox. A.Jensen Ludean Higginbotham.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

artist and landscape painter, died in

Los Angeles. One of his best known

subjects is his picturization of the Angel

Moroni showing the gold plates to

Joseph Smith. Fourteen of his paintings hang in the Salt Lake Temple. His

landscape paintings, particularly of

Bryce, the Grand Canyon, and Yellowstone, have been widely received.

May 16, 1941 As a member of the National Executive Board, Elder George Albert

Smith of the Council of the Twelve the thirtyfirst meetingattended annual of theof Council the National Boy MISSIONARIES LEAVINGARRIVED FORMAYTHE19, FIELD1941—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTMAY LAKE28, 1941MISSIONARY HOME

Scouts of America in Washington First row, left to right: Dean B. Wall, Gloria C. Davis, Carol Lee, Lois Yost, Viola Esplin, Ruth

and President B. Colton. Leonard Ray Jones, Long, Maydith DonD. C. Rickenbach,

Ottis Corbett, Marsden, Elwin H. Anderson, Roba Jardine, Mable Laxman, Bruce W. Second row: Ruth

Hollingshead, David E. ttuffaker, Marvin H. Burton.

Moss, Robert Stimpson. Willard Clair D. Tucker, M.Sisters Match Accomplishments Ella ThirdBradley,row: Myron L. Ottley William L. Thomson, Connie Earl, Raulston G. Zundel, Florence Williams,

F. Leo Smith, George M. Boyd Webb, Fourth row:Tt may not be news that a Mormon Rasmussen, Jolayne Price, Naomi Everton. H. Karren, Floyd Rl Bingham, Olive Parker, Eva

"* girl wins the valedictory honor in a AverillFifthPugmire,row: GoldaDerald Faucette,F. Mabey, WalterLarry EltonPeterson,Sherwood,DerwoodKarlL. E.Clawson.Fackrell, Catherine Bennett, Wanda Gustaveson,

class in which she is the only Mormon. Sixth row: Robert A. Carpenter, Curtis 0. Hadlock, June Bunderson, Dean 0. Anderson, Arvilla Peterson,

That's what one might expect a MorLuellaSeventhMcAllister,row: MarsdenVere Peterson,A. Larson,WilliamCliffordF. L.Rigby,Carson.Thurston P. Smith, Claude Hammond, Vinton J. Pearce,

Jr., J. Furness, Richard girl S. Taylor. Ephraim F. Larkin, naturally. (or James But boy) to domon

Zell Hilton, L. Peterson, row: N. Phyl Lyman C. Hyde, Raymond R. Sitterud, Marion H. Hill, Eighth girls, sisters, the twowhen Mormon Sessions. Nielsen, Beesley, R. M. H. Lynn Vern

D. Averett, Verl Ninth row: McKay Barlow, Don Linford, Edward A. Simpson, Willard D. Stephens, Vene school,only in the win Mormon girls

instructor. Berrett, E. William B. Collett,the valedictory honors succeson two

sive years, (19401941) that's news Argentine: Charles F. Tolman, Lovell,

worthy of mention. Wyoming; Wendell K. Young, Shelley,

Such is the honor won at Bothell Idaho.

Salt OrBrazilian: Allen, Lake; Max the SchoolHigh Gates by girls—Eloise, California; P. Arnold, Jack Anaheim,J. Lucile, 18, of daughters 19, and and son Mr.

Salt A. Lake. McDonald, of Bothell, Gates,Mrs. Jr., James California: Provo, George Adams, J. familyWashington, whose numbers Hooper, Belnap, Utah; Utah; T. Wendell

seven children. Both girls are outHenry E. Bird, Malad, Idaho; William H.

standing students; they have been acEdwards, Delta, Utah; Ruth L. Erikson,

tive in school journalism, have had Rexburg, Idaho; Charles H. Felt, Salt

verse published in the Northwest AnLake; Franklin W. Graham, Clint, Texas;

Heggie, Bruce Raymond, Canada; Rex M.thology Poetry, School and of High

Idaho; E. Ovid, Lawrence Hymas, W. in recognition received state thehave LUCILE GATES ELOISE GATES Lovell, Perry, Lynn, R. Elmer Wyoming; contest asessay well the as American Willard, Utah; Ralph Malad, J. Richards, Call essay contest of Missionaries of the RollYouth Forum S. Idaho; Grover, Thurman, Roy WyoAmerican Magazine. Eloise was born Released in May ming; Earl H. Warner, Spanish Fork,

in Smithfield, Lucile Iona, Utah. Idaho. D. Wilde, born was Delwyn Tin addition,,., tto releases, forf the., fol-,, Utah; May,. xu Calbert E. Bingham, Ogden, girls i Canadian:in. --pTooele. like to i r>Both wouldi j i!i list go lowing includes those not previously

P. Utah; Utah; Hancock, Ogden, Ralph a mission.on Mart. Mark reported

Elburn W. Kennison, Cowley, Wyoming;

Lamont Leavitt, Leavitt, Canada; Sarah

Petersen, Venice, California; Wallace S.

Tolley, Nephi, Utah; Don W. Zundel,

Phoenix, Arizona.

Central States: William D. Burns, Gilmer, Texas; Thyge C. Gronning, Delta,

Utah.

East Central States: Reed W. Benson,

Manila, Utah; Max R. Hunt, St. Joseph,

Arizona; B. Lucian Jones, Huntington,

Utah; Parley L. Roller, Easton, Idaho; Jay

W. McEntire, Huntsville, Utah; Cloyd E.

Myers, Jr., Ogden, Utah; Lewis M. Rogers,

Logan, Utah.

Eastern States: Clarence V. D. Brown,

Ogden, Utah; Benjamin A. Leatham, Rexburg, Idaho; Leonard F. Ure, Salt Lake;

Lilla Fay West, Rigby, Idaho.

Hawaiian: William F. Bundy, Mt. TrumFIELD THE FROM FOR SALT LAKE THE LEAVING bull, MISSIONARIES MISSIONARY Salt Arizona; A. Gundry, HOME George

2, JUNE 11, JUNE ARRIVED 1941—DEPARTED 1941 Lake.

Lindsay, Price, Margaret Mackay, Roberta Eva Louise Keiser, to right: row, left First President Don B. Grant, Japanese: Los Angeles, John Carrie Samuelson. Drage Vivian Victora Rasband Hunsaker Ardith B. Colton,

Second row: Joseph W. Crown, Horace J. Grant, Myrtle Branham, Pearl Spencer, Anna Luke, Marjorie California.

Galbraith, Conway Grant. G. Lloyd Smith, Gibbons, Ruth New England: May Crockett, Beth Lillywhite, David H. Frank row: Third

St. K. Meservy, Utah; Oliver M. Nielsen, Celeste Dutson, Faye Brown, Fern Wanship, instructor. Berrett William Ronald E Stout, Mottishaw Nelson, Ruth

Fourth row: James R. Kotter, Noal K. Hatch, Hermoine Tracy, Lorna Jenkins, Virginia Stewart, Clifford H. Anthony, Idaho; Lois H. Schmid, MontDees. Hintze Harry S. Henry Bingham,

Franklin Reynolds Shirley Fifth row: C. S. Gonzalez, Wilford W. Bengtzen, Frances Dalton, Marvin W. pelier,Lake; StuartIdaho; L.NellieTingey,W. Stoneman,Brigham City,Salt Cuter. R. Soelberg, Willis A. Petersen, John

Sixth row: Wendell M. Westover, Fred J. Smith, Dean A. Curtis, T. Blair Evans, Bruce Gibson, F. Utah.

L. Brower. Stephen Hansen, R. Gaurth Fechser Kenneth States: Bernon North Central

Alvin C. Rasmussen, B. Darol row: Seventh Lamareaux, Paul S. Rogers, Roy M. Darley, A. Lynn LundPreston. Barnett,J. Auger,Span- D. Idaho; Owen Porter, K. Wiseman. Sherman green, E. Norwood

Eighth row: Lloyd A. Mecham, A Louis Laney, Karl E. Nash. {Continued on page 425)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

A FRIENDSMEET By Edith Lovell T atterday Saints, let us make our our own own traditions—develop HOT BISCUITS social institutions, to according our

convictions and needs, instead of following social leaders in their mad efDelight your husband forts to outclass their competitors by sheer outlay of dollars.

by serving delicious "Al"biscuits Rather, let our social events be the several times a week! outward expression of that invisible tie

which binds, spiritually, every Latterday Saint. Let us strive for true good

breeding rather than the brittle veneer of pat phrases and stock spontaneity which most adults think oils the mechanism of human relations.

So instead of a "reception"(that word frightens many away) or a "tea"(oh, the odium of a printed account of an L. D. S. tea!!) let's have a friendsmeet!

The keynote of a friendsmeet is friendliness, sincerity, and hospitality. W So quick and easy! Just add liquid to BISCUIT, The friendsmeet may be large or small,

rcadymixed Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour for. formal or informal.

Large and formal, a friendsmeet the besttasting biscuits you ever made! might introduce a visiting board member or new officer or other celebrity,

or mark an anniversary in which many are interested. Music could furnish a

lovely background. The scene might GLOBE Al be a chapel, hotel, or a large home.

There might be a receiving line.

Small and informal, a friendsmeet BISCUIT FLOUR might serve as a gettogether for just girls, or for boys and girls, or men and

intimately might more become SO EXCITED—onewomen, or it might be a party where

officer with with acquainted a superior

I can hardly chew) whom one will work closely. This

would be nicer in a home, or a Relief

Society room. I like to see our Latter-day Saint leaders open their homes,

clean and shining, to their class members; it makes one think their hearts

are open that way too.

At a small friendsmeet, entertainment should be limited to one or two readings, some songs—no continuous

program. Let there be mostly good

talk, if the guests show an inclination that way. A Latterday Saint should

be witty, wellinformed, or sympathetic, or all three.

Friendsboatd Elsie, of course, is typical of the many Utah cows No tea table at our parties! A

who produce for Borden's. friendsboard, instead. At a large

And you should taste the milk these fine cows friendsmeet, where guests stay only a

RAjv. j }J\ give—milk evaporated and irradiated at Borden's short time, food is served continuously,

plant in Logan, Utah. and is, of course, limited in amount. If

Qordenti No wonder Borden's is a "home product"brand the friendsmeet is small, everybody you'll find stocked and featured by so many eats at once, as at a buffet meal. Decogrocers. Try it, yourself! rate the friendsboard as you wish in

keeping with the occasion. Let the

hostess, or an older honored guest preIF IT'S BORDEN'S IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD side.

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

Refreshments The food—the most important thing

all! is reallyof chance a to be Here

will for Hints used Payment Handy tastyoriginal. food should be be Jh&isLL PLUS The dollar publication. the event one In upon

filling if side the on wholesome;and that submitted, are the two with same ideaboys are invited. The drinks—the one postmarked earlier will receive the UoLuul jUl

whole galaxy of luscious fruit and dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

milk and ice drinks are just waiting to but each will receive careful consideration.

be invented by our homemakers. Any

fine fabrics such as sewing "Defore on better think can't up a whowoman PAR SOAP *-'in chiffon or satin, your hands wash bitter leaves green dunkeddrink than to starch has added.... water been which warm the that clothes soap soaksin cook- a needs hot brand water new

will there soft. velvety be and and They whiter spardishes makes Let's kind. the ofbook, modern one will less... catching thread of a be danger kle the actually helps and filling jars fruit with extra our place a rough on your on to softer whiter hands and hands.—Mrs. grape, rhupear, peach,

.. S., Columbus, Ohio. loveliness. the R.startjuices—apple, soap which

barb, currant, tomato, plum, and berry thousands of women acclaim juices. Serve the drinks from a punch To close a stuffed chicken or turkey... is now better than ever,

bowl or glass pitcher in glasses, with without having to sew it, stick toothpicks with its PLUS values.

lemon, orange, cherry, lime, or mint to crosswise in both openings and lace them just string clean a as up with would you Plus "Pyro"garnish.

lace shoe. after the is roasted, a fowl Then.. the ingredient prewhich the will. the string toothpicks remove and vents curds soap dishpan and with G., come G. them.—Mrs. G. Oklahoma ring, in even water. hard City, Okla.

clothes clear! rinse MakesOn the Book Rack

tablespoon of vinegar One in two (Concluded [rom page 414) quarts Plus Glycerine of water will windows make your warm many of his unusual experiences, pointing sparkle. The vinegar is not harmful to the... the handlotion ingredient

the the differencesout between very marked soft hands helps keep hands as many cleansers are.—Mrs. K. H. which livingwhite and man's and thinking the B., and smooth, no matter Utah. Provo, how

Eskimo's. The vivid descriptions of the often they are in hot, sudsy

author, for instance, his statement on one When baking icebox cookies, wrap the water.

occasion that his "brain had shrunk to the shaped roll of dough in waxpaper before raisin,''the of drieddimensions a make in ice putting the box. to ready Plus Pottery When

author's the experience.reader share But slice bake, sharp knife with a through dough

.. the colorful taCaliforniathe the interest of intense is evoked book the is paper. easily paper peeled The wax ble. is pottery which so easy their the themselves: simple Eskimosby off after cutting in aids and a keeping good to get using Par by Soap. Get living, faithful their in tuning tocommunal also shape and prevents crumbling. Mrs. at Par grocers! your their stationthe radio Coppermine, VBK, F. LeB., Barnwell, Alberta, W. Canada.

simple needs and pleasures.

As the author came to the end of his journey, he discovered that he had done what he had feared he could not do: he

had learned to think like the—M.Eskimo.C. J. THE EYES HAVE IT

POTTERY MAKING FROM THE "\17hat about a spangup, United

GROUND UP Statesy trip—without having to

(York Honore. Illustrated. The Viking worry about where to stay at night,

Press, New York, 1941. 72 pages. $1.) where to eat, and what to omit and

This is the kind of book which should be what to incorporate? Sounds almost published more frequently, for it tells too good to be true—and yet there arepeople how to use their hands—-something such trips, "tailormade, expensepaid"

that is badly needed today. The introducvacation tours. They leave any time,

istion stimulating, particularly to the book all to is to any have day you do—and

statesfor that the there author to is need go, to say you'd where want you what hobbies,encourage of has which one been it is see, like to presto! planned, andthe tenets of the Mutual AsImprovement

tours. to sightseeing even for years.sociation many

In this book, the author describes careWell, good as it sounds, it's better fully and illustrates freely that which he in the seeing. So, in order to be in on

describes, until the novice should be able to the know about these grand old U. S.

tells satisfaction. much Hemakesuccess—andpottery with a rather great deal of of ours, you'd better drop a card to us—and see what happens. ware, glazehow to form the make the kiln,

fire it,the pottery, other as well as many -DELICIOUSfeatures pottery. people of making Many

this findwill to learn incentive book an if they already hobby even havenew

C. ].one.—M. a ifiohs'Corner Tlcdju/iaLPIMENTOtfh&i&sL

AGED CHEDDAR AROSEA MAN By Barbara Badger Burnett LUNCH DUTCH(Cecil Roberts. Macmillan Company,

New York, 1941. 17 pages. $1.00.) Asparagus and Tuna Salad

With an introduction by Wendell WillCut stalks of asparagus the exact height kie, this poem by Cecil Roberts was of a ring mold. Cook 20 minutes, adding 2

first broadcast over the NBC network on whole cloves, 2 slices of onion, Yl teaMarch 30, 1941. It met with enthusiastic spoon of salt, 34 teaspoon of paprika and

response and was published with Mr. Will- 3 slices of carrot.

kie's introduction used as the Foreword. When the asparagus is tender, remove

1 cool. Bring slim well of the remaining This is a adding and worth volume cup

liquid to the boiling dealingto of the list with England's pour and over books 1 packRetailer's ICE BOX prime minister. M. C. J. (Concluded on page 422)

Boston Brown Bread

flour<02*f OFF, Cooks'Corner 1 cup white ( Concluded from page 42 1 1 cup yellow cornmeal flour 2 cups graham 1 gelatin. cold of salad water age cup Add

1 molasses cup it let thicken. until to begins Fold cool and

1 raisins cup 1 in ring of a cream. mold whipped cup Dip salt teaspoon Yl slices in of cold water. Place hard cooked

1 soda teaspoon c close together the the of egg bottom on for only 1 Teaspoons "Hostess"boiling tablespoon water 50 6 place the the mold asparagus around and "SelfSealing"in 2 Kerr milk 2 coin with sour cups 50cSend jelly into the whites. the mixture Pour carton Kerr Mason from JARemblems ANY all salt Sift flour together; the firm. chill until and add a mold and on Unmold 2 Kerr or, from Mason... Bottoms Tops & in milk. boiling Dissolve sour plate; soda water garnish lettuce serving with and mayany Bottoms from... or cartons Tops &CAP

fill until to the molasses; beat fish add onnaise, salad. foamy center and tuna with and cartons.4 Kerr LID Mason first to raisins. the the mixture. add and Add to Glass coin Mail emblems KERR and Cheese Souffle Fill full twothirds greased cans steam and 286, Meriden, Conn. Corp., Mfg. Box hours. 3 your will accompany units other obtaining detailsFull on 1 of butter tablespoon

first order.

flour tablespoon 1J/2 milk Ham Loaf cup of evaporated 34 speck of cayenne pepper l l/4 lbs. of fresh pork

of salt teaspoon lbs. 14 smoked ham

tablespoons 3 of pimento cheese %2 eggs 2 eggs % cups soft bread crumbs of catsup cup x/l your butter, flour, at serve own healthful Melt add wellCan and when home—

1 of cup cream TIME MONEY, foods the canned milk mixed SAVE gradually. add thehome Add salt to season JARS, seasonings cheese. fire,...KERR MASON andand ENERGY... USE from Remove

CAPS and LIDS, for they ARE BEST add the yolks of eggs, beaten until thick. Grind meat twice together; add all inFLsk tor Kerr Mason by name Cool and fold in the stiffly beaten egg gredients except catsup and mix well.

whites. New into a buttered dish Pour baking loaf in into a Shape place and baking pan.

and bake 40 minutes in at 350 degrees top. catsup a Pour over hours 2 at Bake 350 rWl -reeRedpe-,24of "Modernp. Edition water. pan of.. degrees. full Homemaker".

instructions. Tell your

friends, they'll like it, too. {Buy Kerr Jars and

best.) they Caps, ARE LETTER HIS CO. FROM BRIGHAM WIFE MASON KERR TO YOUNG Bldg.,JAB Title 286Angeles, 286,Los ( Concluded from page I shall start 405 names. for this BoxOkla. Springs,Calif.Ins. New York Sand

in void at evening five o'clock. Shall stay as part any done politicalis for the present. offeror Friday Thiestate my is subdivisame long as it seems to be necessary and law. 14. I byprohibrestricted writing, stopped itedsion whereor the boat shook

so Wednesday night. I am now in then shall start for [not decipherable]

Albany. Left Buffalo yesterday mornand then attend the Boston Confering, a quarter past eight o'clock a. m. ence and shall make my way homeArrived here half past ten a. m. I left ward as soon as convenient. Write to

Brother Richards in Buffalo. He was me at New York and [?] I can hear

going among the brethren through the from you. Don't you want for anywest part of New York, to meet us in thing if you can borrow money to get

New York at the conference. I have what you want. I shall write about once

ridden pretty comfortably but have not in two weeks and pay the postage on slept but very little since Sunday night all the letters I send to you. I shall

and am pretty well tired out. Last write to Brother W. Richards [?]

night I felt for some time as though After taking a great share of my love

I had got to get a new constitution to yourself then deal it out to others [?] or not last long. How I do want as you please. For thirtysix hours past

to see you and the children. Kiss them I have traveled about five hundred

for me and kiss [?] twice or more. miles.

Tell her it is for me, give my love to To Mary A. Young,

all the family. I need not mention Brigham Young."

INFRA RED FOR DRAMATIC PICTURES

(Continued from page 408) ond at f/5.6 is recommended in bright

THE P-e/eCOBESSING amazing sharpness. Even clouds that sunshine. The filter, if sufficiently

can scarcely be seen with the naked dark, holds back all of the blue light eye are sharply engraved on the film. from the sky, giving clouds a chance

Perhaps the most common use of to register. True infra red filters,

ffafat infra red emulsions, however, is in the which require an even greater exfield of mountain photography. This posure, are almost coal black in color

film, when employed with a red or deep and virtually opaque. For general use,

yellow filter, cuts through haze so however, this dense filter is not necesremarkably that atmospheric obstrucsary, a light or medium red sufficing.

tions simply do not seem to exist. InEven then there will be considerable

StarKis* fra red will pierce miles of mountain overcorrection as compared with orair and picture sharply objects in the dinary panchromatic film.

dim distance that could not be seen Many people refuse to use infra red at all with the eye or even with binocfilm, giving several reasons. First, they Tuna ulars. say it is too expensive. Second, since

long quite requires not film they only they Infra one camera a do have red 2 PACKED WAYS: TOP GRADE THE

effects they and dramatic with dark always employed want a exposure when SOLID GRATED or READY PACK FANCY roll filter. rest the of dislike to the waste a red or by yellow With medium

SUNLIT PLANT IN STARKIST'S MODERN it secfor 1 /?5 replacement of latter removing some about exposure by an

)..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

Infra Red for Dramatic Pictures ofhe (bra is a message from home ana from headfilm. of ofother type As a matter fact, quarters. Sena it to those who are away from home. It costs expensive.infra not red is

very little more than ordinary film only a few cents. And it can be used

just like ordinary film merely by leaving off the filter. The proper exposure is

then about 1/100 at f/8 if the light is good. Pictures taken on infra red film

without a filter are very similar to those taken with ordinary pan or ortho emulsions. This film is very finegrained

and the development time is short. It

requires only ten minutes when souped in D-76, using a tank. Although I have

shot many rolls of infra red film, I have yet to see one negative that wasn't When the hot summer sun and increased physical activity sap your finegrained. Thisextremely is a great strength, revitalize with natural treasuresource of vitamins, eggs—a

film of small for the useradvantage protein. minerals and of course And "Milk White"insist upon eggs...sizes.

because of their uniformly high quality and unequalled goodness.

The Shadows Flee (Continued page from 397)

lake. after this he MILK WHITE EGGScross the Soon

was accosted by a stranger who PRODUCED BY his his whereabouts.asked and name

is Parley P. Pratt,"he UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'name "My

said, "and I have been commissioned COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION of the Lord to preach the restored Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools

Gospel to the people in Toronto."

"You are financed by your Church, I suppose?"

"No,"Parley answered, "but I have in my possession a promissory note that I am counting on to cover my expenses."He then took a note

from his pocket book and read, "He who forsaketh father and mother, brethren and sisters, houses or lands, wife or children for my sake and thegospel's shall receive an hundred for work orplay fold in this life, and in the world to come life everlasting."

The astonished stranger did not speak for a moment, and then he replied, "And that is all the money GRAHAMS and a glass of pure have?"you

"Yes,"said Parley simply. fresh milk..

Then said the stranger, "Here, It's the fast and appetizing way to banish fatigue..

take this ten dollars; you may need Honey Bee Grahams and a glass of pure fresh milk. Honey

it."Then as if it were an afterBee Grahams are extra delicious and nourishing -- baked

thought, he stated, "You know, I to a turn with selected flours and plenty of rich fluffy have a very good friend in Toronto shortening - - sweetened with honey with the tang and by the name of John Taylor; perhaps flavor the bees capture from the rare Chaparral flower.

letter of introduction to hima would helpful."he had Try this nourishing combination - - Honey Bee Grahamsbe In a moment

penned a few words on a piece of and Milk - - a delightful pickup for children or adults!

paper and handed it to Parley with W*A his good wishes for his success.?'*&&it*'1 PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

stranger theAfter had left, Parley JC '1 Gentlemen: Please send free copy of thanksgiving. his head inbowed 1 Ice recipes. Box Dessert"Surely the Lord God was gracious sfcEs 1

1 Nameto be so mindful of him."NEXJ mm i

Address encountered Parley Toronto,Tn 1 indifference. great John Taylor 6V21 lb.ozs. wmm

and his wife were kind, but he re- 2 lbs. l ( Concluded on page 424 iA i

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

THE SHADOWS FLEE Such a Young Mother ( Concluded from page 423 mission in that city was completed ( Concluded from page 411) ceived little encouragement from and he announced that the followthem. The clergy absolutely refused ing week he would leave for home. JLes, she was tired. She

him hospitality and denied him any As he bade his friends goodbye, would go to bed.

bills secretly pressbank were many their of to preachopportunity in any sleep. a could not For she But his into in fact to hands, ed enough courtor congregations.houses The into staring the lay time long she all completely debts of his pay upon likeplace market werehouse and she night. suddenly Then warm returning home. to him. closed thought Parleywise for lights, reached the switched on

of Brother Kimball's prophecy, Thus we find that the prophecy a handmirror and studied herself "There thou shalt find a people pregiven by Brother Kimball had been minutely, carefully.

pared for the fulness of the Gospel literally fulfilled except for the small pouches under were There shall receive thou thee and they of Thankful, promise a son,and durand lines. tiny eyes, were her There theshalt ing organize church the of Parley's among weary months

lines to her mouth, her nose from his exhausted for absence, had this preparing hethem."Yet had been to her from her mouth ones influence without event.every arrived and power he smaller When Parley his of thought Bill and chin. Sheeffect. praythe almost bedfast; Lord in her found Thankful He sought

er and pleaded with Him to open strength had not increased with the friends somewhere dancing. They

one effectual door so that his misweight of her burden, and as the were young. And she would never

again. fortytwo was She young in that place mightsion be fulfilled. greatly be Parley time drew near was

it. it. looked she looked and She arrived. to the went of John concerned. the hour home At lastHe then

Taylor for the purpose of securing A son was born. Thankful spoke, Later Bill came in. He started to

his baggage. While there a lady by "Parley, at last I have given you a go past her room, seemed to wait for

the name of Mrs. Walton entered son."her to call and when she did not,

still on. light She was came in. The inthe house. soon Taylor Mrs. was Thankful, "Yes, that looked he he will be a great looked at him saw and Parley her withconversation and to comfort us both.""Bill, what's asked, strange. She following: theoverheard

"To you, Parley. My mission has wrong?"

"Mrs. Walton, there is a gentlenow been completed."His mouth set in a grim, colorless

States the here United fromman I quarreled."and "Ann "Thankful, so? line, speak do you why to sent the him says Lordwho speak, did he quesnot she Life When for holds so now, you much yet Gospel, the haspreach he and like evenly, tioned you "Wouldn't cannot, give up."you not must you in forapplied opportunity vain an quarreled to about?"what know we

fill is his preparmission.to now He will pernot wasted body "My in sick feeling queer, a There was leave; of a toing he be man may that mit Parley, I remain. But, could of the her stomach. This was

I depart."to sorry have himGod; am in just I hold for him arms a my like that. to her her pitson—speaking while? so been have They "I little said Mrs. "Indeed,"Walton, said, quietly, I don't very She "No,

now understand my feelings in comempty these many years."believe I would."

ing here this morning. I was doing Parley took the sleeping child, She knew what they had quarreled

felt impressed so and washingmy her—his

sister visitto leave and my angry, who laidand himthen infellthein armsagonyof tohishismother,knees about.mother. HeButhadnow,defendedhe was

that sidelives the other of town on hurt. he Perhaps was will, And cot. her by he sorry. "Thy God,"O

I it finished.I left half passed As her. hurt to he But even wanted prayed, "not done."mine be New

I I felt that should come dooryour let mustn't knew. she she him know strength to him. envelop seemed He

I inin, but on thought I would come let the of mustn't say him any She lifted his head. Thankful and saw

for back, on two I went and waymy in all his things eyes. she of Most for smiled to take motioned and him

blocks and so strong was that imthe child. As he did so, he noticed must comfort that hurt.

pression that I turned around and a peaceful calm rest upon the deliShe spread her arms out to him came back, and now I am glad I did. cate whiteness of her face. For a impulsively, with emotion which

Tell this gentleman that he has a moment he felt her spirit very near, somehow she did not care to control.

home at my house as long as he and almost as if she spoke he heard He looked at her as though he were wants to stay there and two large the words: seeing something in her face he had

rooms to preach in."never seen there before. Perhaps,

will "It is the Parley, of the Lord, it before never so free seen had in adjoining the Parley room with peace His be you and May all pretense. my heof his to the heavens. eyesraised "My son."her Suddenly, he arms and was in answered.prayer been has Thou

hast opened the way before me. "Her son."It was as if. new life they were both crying. He said,

..."That was theGive me power that I may make the flowed through his veins. Thankful "Gee, Mother.

most of this opportunity."was not dead. Thankful would never first time he had ever called her that.

had always been "Mom"or die. generations to It Throughout interthis small beginning, From "Mommy."because of her she would live come theest enveloped in the Gospel

for close held brilfled very She him and before the Shadows bapson. werewhole community—many first the time year she a was dawning. in many liant sun Death that was organtized and the Church was

ized in that part of God's vineyard. did not alter their relationship. utterly at peace. Thankful would be his throughout Fortytwo—Fiftytwo. What did

Months passed and Parley's the ages. The glory of the everlastit matter, as long as the heart and

anxiety over the welfare of his wife ing covenant burned into his soul, the understanding, and the love...

increased. At last he felt that his and peace abode in his heart. were young!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

DOLLING UP THE DOORYARD (Concluded from page 410) private areas. It should be compact There need be no hardship involved

should be appropriate foundation and well planned and convenient to about any home if every day some atplantings. It is not desirable to cover kitchen, driveway, and garage. It is tention is given to little details.

up the entire foundation of a building that portion of the backyard required The most humble farm or city home with shrubs. Foundation plantings are for performing the unsightly requirecan be made attractive, beautiful, and

to make the building seem more at home ments of a dwelling. In many grounds more livable by planting a few shade

in its surroundings. There needs to the back yard must serve for both the and ornamental trees, some hardy

be a relationship between the mature living divisions and service area. In flowering shrubs, and a border made up

height of the shrub or evergreens used such cases, plans should be made to of perennials and some annual flowers.

for base planting and the height of meet these conditions. A little money spent for trees, shrubs,

taller building.the Taller need houses The Lawns andby muchflowers,enthusiasmplus realandpride,a goodbackedsupplyup bestshrubs; onestory houses with look

shrubs not over six feet high. The size and shape of the lawns are of hard work, will bring the desired

largely determined after buildings, results in this home beautification proThe Private Area walks, and drives are located. It is a gram.

mistake to plant flower beds or shrubs There is no mysterious art about

Often the private area is called the in the midst of a lawn. These should home beautification that may be enoutdoor living room. This section be placed near the border, and the cenjoyed only by the rich. Instead, it is

should be screened from public view ter of the lawn should be reserved for a practical program of work which in order to secure privacy. On the grass. Such a lawn is more easily anyone may enjoy and practice sucedges, or surrounding the open lawn, cared for and it also gives the imprescessfully around a log cabin, a modest

may be planted trees, shrubs, flowers; sion of greater size to the property. cottage, or a palatial home.

a place may be found for arbors, pools, The lawn is the canvas upon which the This program of improving and outdoor fireplaces, lawn furniture, and landscape picture is painted. beautifying our homes pays big divianything that will make this area more The effect of an otherwise attractive dends. It has a real influence upon

useful and enjoyable. Flower beds in front or back yard is lost if it needs our lives. Beauty and cleanliness conthis area should be planted along the some of the simple finishing touches tribute to our happiness and bring conborders and fences, thus leaving the such as trimming of the edges of the tentment and a better place in which

lawn open and unbroken. lawn, the pruning of shrubs, the destroyto live.

of weeds, Service Area ing place. the about andWeanymightother sayneglectthat theLetdoorall theyard"familyandjoininin making"dolling theup

This area should be screened by the underlying principles of a wellkept home charming, attractive, and beauplantings or trellis from the public and place are cleanliness and neatness. tiful.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 419) ish Fork, Utah; Lawrence Blake, Murray,

Utah; Samuel H. Brinton, Jr., Idaho Falls,

Idaho; Jack Evertsen, Ogden, Utah; Robert W. Gillespie, Los Angeles, California;

Leo Van Gray, Pocatello, Idaho; Albert

A. Rueckert, Salt Lake.

Northern States: Harold L. Bartlett, Zurich, Montana; Charles E. Bitter, Salt

Lake; Keith P. Bodily, Preston, Idaho; Albert V. Brewster, Ferron, Utah; Florence

M. Davis, Salem, Utah; Harry A. Niebuhr,

Salt Lake; Mary Parrish, Petersen, Utah;

George S. Shurtleff, Salt Lake.

Northwestern States: William J. Harrison, Richmond, Utah; Ardis Jorgensen,

IN MISSIONARIES SERVING UNDER NORWAYSalt City, Jorgensen, D. Lake; Heber Ray

A. Lehi, PRESIDENT States: PETERSON RICHARD BEFORE D. Carson, Junior Western Preston, Idaho; Taylor,Utah; Ross Mary OF OF WAR. THE THEM SOME THE OUTBREAK Chesterfield, Idaho; Utah; Hatch, Hermese Does,J. George INC. Vander OgSERVICE BRANCH AT FREDRIKSAW THE W. Wilson,

Salt Lake; B. Kirkman. Lee R. Clyde LaySiAD. Richfield, Paulineden, Utah; Winkel, D.

Utah. ton, Thatcher, Arizona; Ray H. Rose, Tremonton, Utah; Lew W. Wallace, Idaho Robert Spanish H. Burton, American:

Falls, Idaho. office of an elder. He performed a B. Cluff,Salt Utah; Lake; Cyril Jr., Ogden,

Frances Merrell, Duncan, Arizona. local mission in Germany a few years

Southern States: Arthur E. Babbel, Twin Fredrikstad Branch Carries On ago. He carried a very sweet and

Falls, Idaho; Kenneth K. Barker, Salt Lake; joyful spirit with him, the report stated.

Elvin Boice, Los Angeles, California; Tn spite of many disadvantages forced The Saints are all very glad that the

Grace Dean, Salt Lake; Loyal Hansen, upon the Saints by the war, the work warm weather is approaching now, beIdaho;Preston, R. Johnson, Harvey Rexin the during winter Fredrikstad, they cause months a small town Norway, Knutti, Idaho; Montpelier,burg, Frank

is coal forced without to of forwere and 13,000 inhabitants, moving doIdaho; Lawrence Los Ange- N. Nelson,

les, California. Richard D. Olsen, Neola, ward. There are approximately fiftycould burn only wood. Some families

Utah; Clarence W. Reynolds, Salt Lake; five members in this town, with about have had to face the winter months

Ardel Schwendiman, Newdale, Idaho; half of them being very active in their with practically no fire at all. Schools

Donald G. Taylor, Ogden, Utah; Louise Church work. They must hold all their were closed for three weeks during

Taylor, Farmington, New Mexico. meetings in the homes of various memDecember, 1940, because of the lack

B. Berrett, L. Huff, Helen Lora Texas: faith, are all firm in the of bers. interested report wood. They nonThey

ArvillaSalt City, Lake; Jacobsen, Oak great expressing the to thankfulness meetings. present at all members At AriUtah; Jr., Prescott, G. Johnson, James

zona; Mary June Lucier, Bakersfield, Calitheir last meeting they were privileged Lord for the numerous rich blessings

fornia; Eldon A. Peterson, Lehi, Utah; in having a German officer present who He has showered upon them during

Beth Sheffield, Salt Lake. is a very faithful member, holding the (Concluded on page 433)

iHlelchizedelTPriesthood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

conto be conductFIRST PRESIDENCY ASSIGNS A PROJECT TO THE PRIESTHOOD basissistentofandan demonstrateappeal to himby his "YJLThat axe the Priesthood quorums ment regarding the evils of alcohol and that he wants to set a good example v "doing in our Churchwide camtobacco. and to please the Lord, thus showing

efforts the bless to the Lord your May for liquor ofpaign free the nonuse to himself and not a and a be man of the the people young Church, reportstobacco. received slave. himself rescues he From When we goodthe the State remain, Nation. and Weoflearn that of done good the Lord's some help he with them have can do which Sincerely brethren, yourwork. In most cases, however, there The First Presidency,—he will act like the new man thatis need for intensified efforts and in By Heber J. Grant, he is—hold his head up and let his

all cases there is need for continued David O. McKay. countenance express the glad news

efforts, set objectives his the to for reach that probenemy, has he whipped are All acquainted the with who will First theus Presidency. the that This ably has ever he by worst enemy

that the of methods campaign know letter clear the will of reading helpbe have. or from adever a an had To instructhey these to conformed have

dict feeling to ofthey acquire wrote of the Council mastery a such Twelve tions First of the Presidency.

is printed of 26, the date April service a 1937, ofunder and and worthy freedom all Brethren, again quoremind we effortsin ablest tactful 105, of the Era, the page 1938, most February and officers, Aaronic, Melchizedek rum and existrelative for the the to a of throughout campaign men. good Quorums of their the obligation placed upon for will liquor their not the of they nonuse ofChurch members. But and

to First shoulders the Presidency by their letter this functiontobacco. benefactors as to memmake From we

all in active their be addict winning officeredthe unless are properly quotations: following bers extensive they

members away from the use of liquor with brethren alive to their great retobacco, and keeping them and away. this to the plan commend make sponsibilities give We themselves who

First Presidency The recommended all for project Priesthood the acampaign energetically to wholeheartedly and reports. of Council has Aaronic,quorums, The both Twelve Melchizedek and their leadership. duties of

the the responsiwithcharging quorums asked ask does every Melchizedek and alternaregrets Blessings the or are theirbility of (a) keeping members own to Priesthood quarterly report quorum Brethren, leadership. tives of quorumfree the alcohol of using vice from and these matters. pertinent Several on let regrets there any of be among no all assisting otherstobacco, to and (b) are printed questions report the on in leaders likewise. the the Church!do quorum

indicate the information forms deand the Consult Presiding Bishopric with Merrill. F. Joseph

sired. officers earnestly of the askatheir to We securing cooperation view and

that of the Aaronic Priesthood in carrying every quorum to see that the questions out the proposed program. are fully answered. NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO

Auxiliary organizations should give Brethren, do not grow weary in thisthe Priesthood quorums such help in the work. You have the welfare of preCAMPAIGN

as consistently requestedcampaign may be It in souls cious keeping. your human

of Priesthood quorums. them by needless that to remind smokers you the March distribution to is preparation and New Pioneers—On The

active are generally drinkers not andthe various of report blanks (See also page quorums 399) upon which shall be recorded, at times desigin your quorums. One of the greatestnated, the progress of the quorums in the blessings you can possibly bring to an HThe M Men and Gleaners of the

elimination of (smoking and) drinking addict member is to induce him to beChurch, under the direction of the their will helpful members, a beamong faith religious abstainer. of His Gleaner an Committees come and Men M

in factor contributive the ofand success I. his in interest revive; will then presented Boards, the General Church A. M.

project.the will will activity increase; his thrilling the Salt in de- a work program Lake

officers of discipRegarding quorum satisfaction 7, to his evening, and Saturday the Tabernacle, June velop—alllining recalcitrant and weak members who

his their participation in initiating famly. joy of 1941,persist in the of intoxicants, use sugwe

gest that you emphasize the importance of To neglect your addict members is the Churchwide campaign for the getting these recalcitrant members into to neglect an important duty. That this nonuse of liquor and tobacco. This

some activity through which they may is true is clearly evident in the light great meeting was a feature of the M.

gain strength to overcome their weakness. of the instructions of the First Presi- I. A. 46th Annual Conference.

skill of true leadershipThe quocharged the is shown not dency. have They The program of the meeting was as

in disfellowshipment or excommunication responsibility the of keeprums with follows in conversion.but

their free the ing vice from members literaProviding the with quorums Pioneers March! on the New of liquor course, using tobacco. and Ofture, pictures moving prosound and and

Trail"the Pioneers on I. "Old it rePart this instruction the carries with facilities machines,duction other and any

and material, we most heartily endorse. We sponsibility of first winning addict An original radio drama presented by

commend you for taking advantage of the members to abstinence. No quorum the KSL Players and broadcast over KSL

moving picture and sound production maproject is more explicitly stated, none from 7:30 to 8:00 o'clock. Written and diPresented from rected G. Pack. Alvin factors this in project.chines educational by as this liquortobac- obligatory than more effects with and sound Tabernacle cannot think nature of the of We clearly unthe truth co project. Let this be * * * from equipment broadcast completethe else KSL campaign anything being

but educational and spiritual. This it derstood by all quorum presidencies. Studios. A modern broadcast presentation

should be in the truest sense of the The recommended method to use of a typical episode from the experiences word. * * * with addict members is the fundaof the Mormon Pioneers.

* * * of efthe adoption in commend misall our mental employed one We

II. the Pioneers Part on Radio""Modernfective the to counteract measures growpersonal conof sionary work—that evils screen,ing radio, cigarette of of intemperance people Oustanding and tact. successful, it must however, be To

industries, particularly professionssmoking, athletics, the the and among young tactfully in a used wisely and be and is in of the for the ourpeople joined abstinence Church. Total Life, Clean movement

spirit helpfulness. love of andthe the to reference of best of special securing, nonuse maintaining with means

and enforcing prohibition of intoxicating Now, of course, every addict memliquor and tobacco, by adding their encourliquors; and abstinence and selfcontrol are ber has some faith in the divinity of agement in statements especially prepared

fostered by education and true enlightenthis work. This faith can be made the for this program.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

Part HI. "New Pioneers on the March"J. Grant were presented to each M

presenting an admisand Gleaner PROJECTS in enlisted the Man of the Church youth The QUORUM ticket before sion m. 7:20 p. the leaderthe of under Life, Cleanarmy Doing? is Your Quorum the What bearer, containingship of President brochures, standard Heour Souvenir

ber J. Grant, M Men and Gleaners pledgee? pictures of radio and screen stars and

their loyalty cooperation with to and prepared people outstanding Presiother who Agricultural Stake Davis South in the thedent Grant campaign Church and this occasion, for especially statements for the of tobacco. nonuse liquor and Adopt Committee Work of this beginning the marking and

Admission to "New Pioneers on the Churchwide movement of M Men and Program for the were availLife, Clean Gleaners ticket only.March"by was The Stott, Executive C. Orval By 10c. for the able grounds on for floor reservedlower was M entireMen Agricultural Secretary, Church meeting. High a memorable This was disGleaners. Tickets beenand Committee Advisory is and planned those praise due whotributed stake through and Men hadM

it. in participated officers. deleConferenceGleaner Agricultural Stake Davis South HP'he

this is It to movehave planned new Gleaners,gates, other than and Men JuneM a done have Committee Advisory all the of stakes the to spread ment gallery. the the Broadcasts ofoccupied of outlining program in a job splendid enthusiasm energy Church. and The carried to theentire Asprogram were busily enactivities. are now They will a have groups of MenGleaner to seats Hall, opensembly were where M the program. executing in Comgaged the influence on favorable decidedly public.the Harding Robert G. mittee Chairman their entrance give campaign. bearing an medals Commemorative We committee as a that they reports meet welcome. hearty likeness President of Heberengraved third the First Centerville at the Ward

Sunday of each month at 2:00 p.m. As

a result of this regular meeting, they \\NEW PIONEERSON THE MARCH"haveThey beenworkablethroughto makewardrealwelfareheadway.and

(See also page 399) Priesthood quorum committees.

The program adopted in this stake

By Alvin G. Pack is arranged in two distinct parts as

follows liquor and claims of the despite the people, of young thousandsImagine Part I. General or LongTime Program* not smoke need one companies, time, in one tobacco one and at in one place,

great voice, pledging their continued and drink to be up to the minute. 1. To improve agricultural practices in

adherence to the clean life, including Look at the record. It is sometimes the stake as a whole in all the various

abstinence from the use of liquor and difficult to determine who abstains and phases which this general statement may of the final suggest. doesn't, but a check whotobacco! dairyfarmer, individual the help 2. To will one. score amaze feature as night, a Saturday June 7, better income a to earn fruitgrower or man, journalism national in trend the Note of the Mutual Conferenceof the June to the first attention farm, giving his from

it is becoming that will see and you the of AssociationsImprovement brother. needy

to ever be an than more popular started even stake the 3. and ward officials theChurch, To assist M MenGleaners

last months of the assignments abstainer. the two Within the fulfilling in welfarethis great forward movement new

with ten thousand young people jamnewspapers, The Reader's Digest, Satregion.

Post, HousekeepEvening Good and urday the Tabernacle foot of everyming II. 1941 Program Esquire, Look, Part Collier's, Liberty, ing, ringing, in simultaneously onepledging

1. farmers of by wards a survey Make greatcountry's of the other and many determinawillingness their and"Aye"follows: classify as them and

stories carried est publications have their high to cleave to continue totion farmers. a. Fulltime

ideals of the clean life. And now the about people who do not smoke or b. Parttime farmers who make part

word goes forth to all the wards and drink. Among these are Thomas J. of their living in other ways.

stakes of the Church. The movement Watson, the thirdhighest salaried man c. Persons who make most of their

raise in but living other who ways Post; States; Emily Gene the United are in started.has PIONEERS NEW products. farm some star; Dorothy movie Autry, famous the March!on living their from d. Persons make who columnist, who, Kilgallen, Broadway advertising the same on Working products. of farm handling the twenty about earns at twentyseven, as the tobacco and liquorpsychology training for organizing 2. and Arrange

Henry Secretary of Commerce; of for harvesting the Davis CounFord; stakes sponsored MenGleaners, by MMcompanies, the special committee of thousand dollars a year; Jesse Jones, of available picking labor from other

of radio; beans, strawas peas, famous stars such the ty crops King Sisters, of the GenCommitteeMen-Gleaners

eral Boards and directed by the writer, Laraine Day, movie star, and many berries, raspberries, cherries, apricots, peaches. and need not people Smart fire fire NO! fight using others. to withdecided by marketing of special 3. study a Make drink. or smoke nation's the faces ofthe and big names fruits vegetables. for and problems follows! read what As proof, in gigantic abstainers, panoagreatest their use. all 4. idle lands List plan and

rama of the clean life; by presenting, Secretary of State, Cordell Hull, sent 5. Work out utilization of small plots

in many cases through the reproducthis message: such as city lots and provide for

tion of their own voices, statements I am greatly interested to learn of your plowing, cultivating, and irrigation and testimonies from so many great plans for the rally... most appreciative labor.

people and in so overwhelming a manof the opportunity afforded me to send you 6. Study special problems such as:

trends. Market... if shall succeed message. we in a that question could there no We bener

Fertilizers. heritage precious the retain most unimpaired that people of thesethe young minds spraying. Cooperative in faith to unshakable bequeathed us—an to drink be notthey and need smoke thinning. Pruning and of the everlasting and freedom worth to the or minute fashionable up to and varieties for car lot uniform Planting intellectual justice, of of truth honor, and

make a success of life. and spiritual integrity, a triumphant faith shipments.

What do famous people think about in God. Milk distribution and control of

cigarettes and cocktails? From the surplus.

manufacture. Box - the Office Department, From Navy radio starflecked realms of movie and

industries. Developing winter Operations, of of the Chief came Naval business the field of vast fromdom, 7. industries especially those local Foster this note: encouraging the Metropolitan and fromand finance, utilizing products. farm

the music and concert halls of the naThe meeting of 10,000 young people in 8. Disseminate educational information

tion, came ringing acclamation that, (Continued on page 430) (Concluded on page 442). ):

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

hood organization,"etc., found in the Era,

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, August, 1941 May,2. How1938, canpp. 294297.Priesthood and Welfare

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. infunctionscommitteebestactivity?coordinateStudyas demonstratedthe charts of

ward and stake Welfare committees.

the 3. of the Council does In what way LVIII responsibility direct the stake presiofLESSON First of assisted the Council Twelve, by AdministrationStake dency all of Seventy, as function General a Board

(Read chapter Melchizedek Stake Priesthood 25, pp. 292300) II. Comthe Priesthood? Melchizedek

I. Stake 292-3) organization chart (see text, pp. mitteea. Purpose: to improve supervision of ganization4. Differentiateof the HighbetweenPriests,stakeSeventy,quorum andorin Priesthood Melchizedek quorums presiElders. stake does the In what term way "stake"II. The

the for direct responsibility exercise a. dency Instructions to the Prophet (Doc. b. stake Personnel Elders? Cov. 82:14) &

presi- 1. Chairman: one of the stake simplified 1. the present someone Kirtland, 5. Have 1832

dency of extension Priesthood stake 2. plan Aaronic Figurative meaning

2. representative of Membership: April, in activity as 1941, the outlined Era, b. geographical division: the "borAs

in order; of each each quorum 234. p. ders of Zion"

if desired stake c. division numerical As

3. three high as counAs many d. administrative division: LESSON LX As "a

if cilors desired in strength government"(cone.) Administration Stake

c. Duties III. stake presidency The

1. represent presidency stake chapter 307315) 25, (Read To pp. a. Personnel: three Priests, exHigh

2. active in close keep and To to the emplars people I. patriarchs Stake touch with quorums b. Jurisdiction a. of determined needs by Number life 3. activity in maintain and To 1. Priesthood Over stake quorums 2. auxiliaries Over

, b. First Presidency Nominated and by 4. joint hold monthly union To c. text, Duties: (see 296-7; note pp. of Council Twelve officers of meetings with quospecial responsibility to Priesthood c. of Council Ordained Twelve by rums quorums

II. 5. Stake Committee Welfare as a committee meet weekly To d. Division of responsibility

a. 6. Personnel training in leadership engage To 1. stake (see presidency Among

1. presiof d. stake ablest one Chairman: the to challenge wisest and A text, 297-8) pp.

in dency brethren the stake 2. Assistance council from high

2. text, chart, (see Members: to p. responsible stake e. Committee 3. Assistance special from commitin turn responsible presidency, 309) who tees stake from membership

b. Functions to of the (analoTwelve Quorum stake IV. clerk The

1. Production of to a the General gous Board a. directed stake presidency by Work

2. Distribution Priesthood) Melchizedek Presiding and Bishopric

3. projects of Priesthood Work and Wel- b. Qualifications: penman, accountIII. Coordination

4. Social welfare fare committees ant, faithful, trust of worthy

5. Rehabilitation a. In stake: Stake Melchizbetween high council V. The

a. Patterned after first high council edek Priesthood Committee, Stake III. Stake mission

in Kirtland, 1834 Welfare Committee, and adult a. As completely separate from all

b. Personnel: twelve High Priests Aaronic Priesthood representative other stake work as mission abroad

1. First twelve called by First b. In ward: Ward Welfare Com- b. Under supervision of First Council

Presidency or Apostles mittee should act as ward Melof Seventy 2. Vacancies filled by appointment chizedek quorum committee for c. Presided over by stake mission presby stake presidency projects of common interest to the ident

3. Alternates not necessary quorum and the Welfare program d. Missionaries not subject to other

c. Jurisdiction (see chart, text, p. 303) appointment while serving

1 Judicial IV. Stake High Priests IV. Stake meetings

2. Administrative a. One quorum irrespective of num- a. Quarterly conference: important in

(a) Representatives of stake ber stake government presidency b. From this body presiding officers b. Stake Priesthood conferences as

(b) Special committees largely selected needed (c) Voice in selection of bish- V. Seventy within the stake c. Monthly meetings of officers and

ops, stake officers, establish- a. Supervised by First Council in colcommitteemen

ing policies laboration with stake presidency V. Auxiliary stake boards

b. Local activities supervised by Stake a. Supervisory heads of all ward auxProblems and projects Melchizedek Priesthood Committee iliary organizations

1. Have a quorum member plot the chart VI. Elders within the stake b. Qualifications: President Grant's

of stake organization on the blackboard. a. Stake presidency directly responsadmonition (see text, p. 314)

Note the allinclusive aspects of stake adible ministration. b. Number of quorums according to Problems and projects:

is 2. the figurative of the meaning What of ninetysix Elders: per number 1. Invite the of a stake member Welfare "stake"as to appliedword Zion? (See quorum to talk the committee to the about quorumIsaiah 3; 54:2, Doc. and 101:21.) Cov. VII. Priesthood Aaronic Stake How Committee organization the of committee. and workfitting it? is the and a. when Where was enables Purpose: stake presidency the chart explain him perHave showing

first stake organized? assist in to carrying bishops ward sonnel text, in responsibilities and the found

3. report someone Have on your Priesthood out own Aaronic program 309. p.

itsstake: history, area, membership, b. three numPersonnel: or members more 2. Similarly, invite stake a missionary

itber of wards. ever divided? been Has council, of high others and any tell to the his in the quorum about work the to stake newest was c.What organbe Duties mission. stake to in appreciate what Come

inized the Church? (See 1. in "The Church touch with keep quorums To is real very sense a missionary he a and

in the departmentMoves 2. On"Bra.) hold meetings monthly To as functions real part of a mission. very

4. the division of Study responsibility VIII. Priesthood Stake Aaronic Extension 3. the specific are of benefits some What the stake presidency,among council, high Plan arising of out stake quarterly conferences?

stakeand committees. In far it does April, how (See Era, Improvement The significant are in they stake governHow forprovide stake needs? suggestions for present 234, 1941, operation p. What of ment?

for distributionhave other you of the plan.) the work? 4. Distinguish administrative between

projects: Problems and capacity capacity and advisory of stake LIXLESSON

the 1. Discuss importance of the Stake stake auxiliary role do the officers. What (cont.)Stake Administration

Priesthood Melchizedek Committee. Cite boards play? of their valuable Have some

present significant the points of services. in(Read chaper 25, pp. 300307) someone clearly their position Show

I. Stake Priesthood administration: the "official restatement of Melchizedek Prieststake organization.

DaronicTriesthood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

The Aaronic Priesthood moreapt to wonderful,be true aswhichmany areothersacceptedeven underenjoyedthea reignscontinuanceof the firstof peacethree andPtolemiesprosSixteenth in a series of articles without question. Certain it is that perity. So long as the tribute was regularly

the allowed of the kings Jews Egypt the late written Elder by for Orson reason, Alexander, some civil religious their spared paid,to and manage own Council F. Whitney of the of the Jerusalem bestowed and impormany as the affairs, same were which much now

in originally Published Twelve. tant privileges the people. upon Jewish in of the the time High "The Judges.

"The Contributor."V9Nftfc&AWWW'\\) >.V \ it Mstotite&M Priest was the head of the nation, and the

of the partition In the Macedonian religion."national emchief of the

this time, Judea was governedTrom pire, of its the followed which death founder, II occurred reign the of Ptolemy During

Priest, continthough High*- by the Palestine into Scriptures rule, of the translation the passed under Hebrew Egyptian and uing a tributary province of the Greek language, an event the Persian empire, and the which ranks as a very important nations whose dominion suone in the history of the world, perseded that power. The as it prepared the way for the

Christianity. This of spread effectuallycaptivity had

is called translation celebrated of people the Jewishcured SevSeptuagint, or "The The not onlyidolatry. They sevor enty,"its seventy from

maintained the worship of entytwo translators. Ptolemy

Jehovah, though, no doubt, IV attempted to desecrate the at times it was sadly cortemple by entering the Holy of rupted, but in the second Holies, B. C. 217, and thereby

century B. C. fiercely resistwon the hatred of the Jews. Besacrilegious in his frustrated ing the Syrian efforts ofed the

design, outwith he retaliated idolatry upon force tokings inhabirages the Jewish upon them. tants of Alexandria. This caused

The Persian empire having the Jews to transfer their allefallen before the arms of giance to Antiochus the Great, this Syria. time For some that of Great, theAlexander

of prince the policy continued besieging while conqueror, noninterference the first which the city of Tyre, sent word Egyptian kings had pursued, but to Jerusalem to surrender. toward the close of his reign,

The High Priest, Jaddua, rebeing in need of money, he atfused, sending back the antempted to plunder the temple at swer that the Jews were the Jerusalem. The effort, though

faithful subjects of King defeated, gained him the detestation of the people. Jewish They enraged Alexander,Darius.

to their regret began change now after taking defiance, at this of masters. PRESIDING WHITNEY, SECOND for NEWEL K. set out Gaza, andTyre Antiochus a monster was IV BISHOP OF THE CHURCH vento wreak of crueltyJerusalem perseactive an and

city andgeance upon the its Onehistoryof the wasmostthatremarkableof NewelexperiencesK. Whitney,recordedsecond inPresidingChurch soldcutortheof theHighunhappyPriesthoodJews.to Hetheinhabitants. met by He was

the High Priest, clad in his Bishop of the Church. Standing in his store he was aphighest bidder, and then, under

pretense of suppressing reas a stalwart a personage proached exclaimed: young and by who followed robes,gorgeous and

bellion himself, I against the art quarthe thou K. Whitney, Joseph, "Newel... man am priests of concourse a vastby rel of the rival for the claimants the prayed Prophet. You've what do want you me here; now the people, under who,and office, marched capto Judea, of me?"

Almighty's direction had hung This remarkable experience followed the prayers of Bishop tured Jerusalem by assault, pilthe city with garlands, and Whitney and his wife for guidance in religious matters, and laged and massacred many of gone forth peacefully to enpreceded a very close friendship and association in the the inhabitants, and having counter the Macedonian Church which lasted until the death of the Prophet. shamefully polluted the temple,

its of plundered costly most K. 5, in born February Witney 1795, Newel was Marlas- the toconqueror. Much

treasures. also strenmade itHe borough, County, parents Vermont. His Windham were his followers, oftonishment efforts to force uous the in Greek Susanna family the and Samuel Whitney, whose he was seeing theAlexander, on religion the the Jews, upon children. and of second nine in residing After Michigan and

train, his and High Priest cruel outrages perpetrated settled by at Kirtland, he Ohio, York entered where he New prostrated himself in the dust the mercantile business. him finally roused the oppressed

before them. Parmenio, one Like many other early Church leaders, Bishop Whitney people to a frenzy of patriotic

of the Grecian generals, refirst joined the "Campbellites."His first contact with Morresistance. The Almighty raised

deliverers, up two Mattathias, a hearing through monism Parley P. came Pratt other and him, withmonstrated wherepriest, his warlike son, and in Elders Judas Kirtland. preach his wife and soon He became replied that Alexanderupon

lifted the Maccabaeus, converts in who baptized and were 1830. November, dramatic The the did tohe down not bow revolt. standard of rethe entry of Judas into the Prophet store the their to was answer Priest to the butHigh name peatedly defeated the first Assyrian prayers. of appointment The Kimball Newel Whitney

engraven on his breastplate, as bishop designated him as bishop of Kirtland and the forces, though they usually outand that he recognized in him eastern branches of the Church. numbered his own ten to one,

a figure which appeared to He directed the establishment of the United Order at and having retaken Jerusalem, him in Macedonia, and enKirtland, as indicated in a revelation given April 23, 1834. cleansed the temple and restored

couraged him to undertake Following many distressing experiences, including seeing the services. This hero was slain

at battle the of Eleasa, of his associates where, the leave Church, the and persecutionthe Persia. of conquest with eight but the The manyof followhundred in Saints Illinois, Missouri and Bishop beWhitney is story toldabove Joseby all ers he defeated but the Presiding Bishop of Ascame the and Church played imanphus, historian, the Jewish army, in thouportant the twentytwo part migration to the Mountains. Rocky He syrianand though doubted strong. by modsand in This died the 23, in September 1850, was Salt City. Lake

ern chroniclers, is quite as year 106 B. C. Jonathan Mac-

(Continued on page 430).-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

their in are minds. keen There

a doctor, musician, a an todayThe Aaronic Priesthood membersUtah Agriculturalof the partyCollegewere servedwhere din325 bodies—Chicago

all {Continued pilot in 429) page reared from a T. A. and W. ner. sports of conprogram was A

their success town. earned home They artist,my the brothercabaeus, carried to Judas, the on College ducted campus, which on total abstinence. hard by and work When finallywarfare, recognized and and was in followed Colthe a program by was I at the various preserved specimens lookinstalled Priest as of Prince and High Julege Hall. Assembly bottles in shelves, laboratory our on I amdea, to restored in B. C. and Jerusalem in celebrations the Prominent among to that guite "preserve"sure not wish I do153.

(To be continued) South Sanpete Stake was the Aaronic my stomach with alcohol.

Priesthood service conducted by memof Eldorado E. Holmes Miss Mary direcbers of the the under quorumsRestoration Anniversary Missouri, in her Springs, observed tion of bishopric. the program TheWidely Celebrated contribution: supplefollowed, suggested being was

is health. first thing value should one

the dulls* AI *HEration112thofAnniversarythe Aaronicof Priesthoodthe Restomentedclusion ofby thespecialmeetingmusic.the Atmembersthe conof IntoxicatingThe liquor mind,

was probably more generally observed the Aaronic Priesthood who had parheart weakness, and in general makescausesa throughout the Church than any preticipated and the members of the bishphysical wreck of a person, although it may vious anniversary of this important opric were photographed. not always be visible to the public eye.

life in thing should next want one Theevent. the received Reports Prejoined by of stakes County Nine Utah

is is In liquor happiness. where homessiding this Bishopric indicate that anin Forest the pilgrimage to Palmyra

is there unhappiness. used always Many isnual celebration established in now well Spanish Canyon. Fork Some Camp clothing, food, children are without proper

throughout the Church, and that each of the larger stakes had as many as and education because of drinking parents.

year the attention of many thousands 500 boys present. One thing a person needs in life is emof members of the Aaronic Priesthood Highlights of the program included ployment—and persons wanted must not

is called to this event which marked an explanation of the geology of the use intoxicating liquors, even for help in the restoration to the earth of the auregion by Dr. George H. Hansen of a saloon. Another thing important in life

is social success, which depends on one'sthority of the Priesthood. faculty, University Brigham Young

of living. standard Typical the of celebrations telling many the Pioneer of Indian and and continued.) be {Tothroughout the those of Church were stories Executive Scout A. A. Anby

Emigration, Alberta, SantaquinTintic, derson of the Utah National Parks

Uintah, Roosevelt stakes, reports of Council.

which have been received by the PreIn the competition for highest total iXNew Pioneers—on

siding Bishopric. attendance, SantaquinTintic Stake

Alberta Stake conducted its pilwon the award banner, having slightly the March"grimage to the Pioneer monument more than 60% of its Aaronic Priest- {Continued from page 427) erectedwhich the was Aaronic by in attendance. award was hood The certainly Tabernacle the famous MormonPriesthood Interfour years ago on the In in 1940. by this stake also won... inspiration provide adshould a great

national boundary line between the dition to the Anniversary exercises, a the youth of the country. The habit ofto

United States and Canada at Immigraprogram of games and sports, and picclean thinking, clean life, and adherence to tion Gap. The group was accompanied nic lunch were features. the high ideals formed in youth will be a

of strength tower to carry on through life. their President venerable Stakeby Las Cruces of Mount Graham Ward

R. Stark.... HaroldEdward was one Wood, who featured the Restoration Anni- J. of the Stake

speakers. one of The pilgrimage was versary sacrament service. Chief of the FedEdgar Hoover,

the most successful in the history of eral sent conof Investigation, J. Bureau

stake.the the Prominent among the Pioneers: to New features of the program a special was

plastic that tothe clay In moulding VIEWS OF YOUTH ON gratulations flag in ceremony the which both Union the of will bear stamp an honorable morrowJack and the Stars and Stripes were LIQUOR AND TOBACCO career destined for worthwhile endeavor honored. The singing of "God Save or one doomed to miserable failure, no

the King"Country, and "My 'Tis of Cor the purpose of providing suggesholdgreaterthelessonfuturecanofbeyouthtaughtinbytheirthosehandswho togetherThee,"other features with tended further to cement international tions for use in preparing fiveminute than the principles of moral integrity.

talks in of the campaign Churchwide friendship. of honoring The Mormon Ford, a worldfamous Mr. Henry for the the nonPriesthood Aaronic in to Pioneers an1887 Canada was abstainer enforces abstinence who additional liquor use of tobacco, and other important part of the program. his enterprises, business vast throughout statements people young who by made sports of picnic program and com-A this sent note: in participated contest conessay anpleted the program.

I greetings. descendants send you recently Business As ducted my American by its pilEmigration Stake conducted

settled the of that noble of pioneers bands printed are Foundation Research Men's togrimage the at Indian Village the of before Utah, one have you you here. to the AgriculandWashakie Utah finest faith of linked with examples what eviideas of these people young The tural at College Logan. and Going selfcontrol industry to and can produce do

of the represent dently views young historic returning, features personal a character high route the of sound a and were pointed out. The pioneer town people generally in practically all parts public economy. It is most heartening to

of Corinne was visited and the story of the country. As they are the views know that you... are exalting today the

liquor virtues face the of a courage people based on faith and a young who its it early history, of the of when was society based on both. will they problem, doubttobacco and third largest city in given Utah, was

less peoto of interest other be young President Christensen. George A.by wrote: Senator Arthur Capper

ple. subthe of papers some While President Washakie, At Thomas W. I to greetings the send youth warmest my liquor for of the mitted use condoned Richards Stake, Bishop and of Malad rally. of better of asset any no know social overthe purposes, sentiment was ofMoroni Timbimboo Washakie in clean clean than a a young mind Ward manI

liquor against and whelmingly both I the threequarters tobody. have passed hosts. as... acted Indian Songs by women

and children, and a war dance by Inbacco. of a century mark and it is my judgment

dian boys, members of the Aaronic Warren Condreay of Saint Edward, after these years that narcotics and stimudull the the mind, and body weaken expressed his views in these lants Priesthood, were featured parts of the Nebraska, blight soul the of those them. use who words program.

Returning, the group visited the Our town has sent forth many very Encouraging letters also came from grave of Martin Harris at Logan, and successful young men. I like to watch them. U. S. Senators Rufus C. Holman, Althen gathered at the cafeteria of the I like their pleasant ways—-their healthy {Continued on page 431)

Ilkmricnclilmi CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

\\New Pioneerson WARD TEACHERS //

A ND if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him th e March'"** him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may (Continued from page 430) become strong also. bert B. Chandler, Sheridan Downey,

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser and Elbert D. Thomas.

Priesthood.... (Doc. & Cov., 84:106, 107.) Mr. Walter D. Fuller, famous abstainer, president of the Curtis PubSuggestions For Ward Teachers lishing Company, and president of the

National Association of ManufacTeachers should be actively interested in their people. They should turers, wrote:

visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the I have always believed that young men

spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent and young women should abstain from any that distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance action which might conceivably be unto the worthy be provided without delay. wise....

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly Dr. Howard A. Kelly, world famous

appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family doctor, wrote:

questions containing the following import The evils you seek to combat are a part sins. national of totality our great of

1. Are you in harmony to of our claims God Wetheneglect a. associates? neighbors your and With

... tobillions for services. waste theWe b. ward, General stake, and With let grace liquor. seek us So and Authorities of the Church? bacco... 2. Are you attending to your Church duties—to measure up to the Biblical claims of

a. As a member God and our Lord, Jesus Christ, beginAttending meeting, fasting once each month and paying Fast Offering, ning with the younger generation in their

paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions? rejection of alcohol, our most deadly habit,

b. As an officer and tobacco, the object of such unparalleled

Setting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.? wastefulness. What a nation we might

3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers? then become! Will the New Pioneers set

such an example?

Laraine Day, unable to be present, reaffirmed her continued loyalty to the

WASTE OF HUMAN LIFE AND PROPERTY idealscludingof abstinenceLatterday fromSainttheyouth,use inof liquor tobacco. and

records year the thousands lives are that many show"pACH of human stars of Hollyother famous Among** sacrificed of of thousands hundreds of property dollars worth and abstainers, all of Miss were them is wood, destroyed as the result of traffic and other accidents that could and should Sonje Heinie and Miss Jeannette Machave been prevented. Donald. Another one, May Robson,

We stand appalled at the loss of life and carnage of war, yet the in a recent statement, said:

same loss of life and destruction of property going on all around us has, I neither smoke nor drink! I don't have

for some reason, failed to arouse us to the point where proper steps are liquor in the house, nor serve it to my takn to prevent them. friends. But that doesn't mean I have a dull

Three outstanding causes of traffic accidents are: disregard of law, time.

disregard for the rights of others, and disregard for our own safety. Gene Autry, famous everywhere for

Traffic laws are made to safeguard life and property. When laws are his clean life, sent this personal greetviolated, we are inviting trouble. Accidents due to law violation are ing:

obviously preventable. Loss of life and destruction of property from this It is with great pleasure that I... concause cannot be excused. gratulate the New Pioneers... Young

to ideals their close are people, and aims "bluffing"failure Selfishness, the rightof-way, to yield not only... that I firmly believe heart... to the myrights of others but cause percentage a large to observe common courtesy is fully to able country's apyouth our

of automobile accidents. These, of course, could and should be avoided. preciate how precious is the heritage left

Why shouldn't the laws of courtesy and politeness apply in operating an to them by their pioneer forefathers...

automobile the same as in other relationships? I know that your youth has even further

to its present mouldguiding and in is incentive disregard safety persons which many The manner their own its future of clean, upright in the ing ways violation rightsappalling. is not of the involved nor the law Even when living thinking. clear and

in others, surprisof take out persons of automobiles unwarranted and and ing chances with their own lives. Pedestrians are injured or killed in many And a long list of other famous

cases because of pure carelessness. Drivers wreck cars and injure thempeople—abstainers—sent similar reselves and others because of failure to heed the simplest laws of safety. plies, many of them in the form of radio

An appeal is made to Latterday Saints to join in a movement to stop electrical transcriptions. It was thrillthis waste of human life and property by observing traffic laws, by respecting ing at the great Tabernacle rally to hear

the rights of others, by extending courtesy, by being as polite and contheir voices enthusiastically commendtheir for the of the youth Church in automobilessiderate while as out, and by having due regard for our own ing includdecision clean life lead a wise to as that of others. wellsafety as

these ing abstinence. were Among

life It is sacred. should preserved be Human in every way possible. stars those besides radio menmany

let Saints. things, all other as in LatterdayIn this, us be instance tioned above. RobFor Rad

{Concluded on page 442) z& Bnealoqu oRS A MODERN PILGRIMAGE ed Presidenthe was swampedSnow ofwiththe templeoffers toreportpro- genta betterandrelationshipprayerful effort.betweenTheremen wasand

vide beds in homes; those with no employers. Business men courageously

By Helen Ashton PerAres beds to offer were asked to donate requested four days'absence from money. The morning the excursion arwork. Generally the employee had to

f")NE Hundred and Fifty modern pilrived, one brother stood up in testiexplain to his employer the reason he grims from California filed through mony meeting preceding the first seswanted to leave. One man said to his

the holy rooms of the St. George Temple sion, promising three beds to any deemployer: "I'll be a better man in the

April 10 and 11, and 4,610 ordinances siring them and with specially ordered business if I can have this time off for were performed by the workers breakfast at 6:00 a.m., prepared by special activity in my Church. You'll

more than had been performed in any himself. Such was the hospitality of never regret it."

one day in recent times. the St. George people. Our Mission Genealogical chairman,

As the last session of the two days'Oxnard, Santa Paula, Ventura, SanSister Margaret E. P. Gordon, who

activity came to its close on April 11, ta Barbara, Lompoc, Santa Maria, and also joined the company to St. George,

1941, Dr. Edmund C. Crowley saw the San Luis Obispo branches comprise the rendered kind help in gathering names

culmination of a dream. Almost a year Santa Barbara District, which is apand solving problems. In a like manago a member of the presidency of the proximately 150 miles long. Thirtyner, we appreciate the hours devoted

Santa Barbara District of the Califorfive of the one hundred and fifty atat the Salt Lake Temple Index Bureau nia Mission suggested the worth of an tending the excursion were Juniors. An to clearing names.

to theexcursion temple 1,000 with eninteresting itinerary out worked was rekindest of thoughts With we 2,000 as theirdowments baptisms and for them, including baptismal a work, the parting of President member words goal. district Dr. Crowley, genealoghistorical meeting, of testimony tour a fine CaliforSnow: people from "You

ical seized head, the suggestion upon points hike, of interest, dance. a a and nia that these should excursions know things foland forward. moved The this the benefit Behind of us glow recordmak- as as you. they much do Welowing captains assigned: were ing excursion uplift, feel lights the shone perof an a stirring the from comTransportation: R. C. Bullock, Vensonal collective this growth. and that excursion say The efmonplace—wetura; Crowley, Finance: Edmund M. fect of for planning in the excursion thing that is the grandest hapever

D., Santa Maria; Lodging: Virgil Kirkthe Santa Barbara District showed pened here."

patrick, Ventura; F. K. Stucki, St. marked improvement in tithing returns,

George; Female: First Endowment, of obedience to the Word Wisdom, CENTRAL STATES MISSION FirstMarian Pingree, Santa Barbara; activity, especially and Priesthood

Endowment, Male: Frank Done, Sanamong adult Aaronic Priesthood COMPLETES GENEALOGICAL

ta Barbara; President Harold S. Snow, groups where the goal was: "Every RESEARCH PROJECT

St. George; Temple Clothing: Dora man eligible to go to the temple."

recentlyBradford, HP'here been received, Iantha Barbara; Santa have HarpBranch, as in others, In the Lompoc

er, St. George; Juniors: Crowley, in the Archives Edna DepartChurch cooperation families between wasSanta Maria; Seegmiller, Donald the of of Genealogical Society clothing. temple in making St. shown On mentGeorge; Temple records, Recommends: family group 1385 Utah, one Mark weekends repair aumembers met to

Johnson, Ventura; Statistician: Lawtomobiles for the journey. Various beautifully typewritten, from the North

rence Pingree, Santa Barbara; Mission. States repreCentral This W. Inmoney-making schemes were devised.

vitation to Missionaries sents, Braum, as record as possible, Verna nearly a for dinners branches the gave TwoSanta Reporter:: Barbara; in that mission. Helen sheet for family every public to raise funds. Youngsters went

Perkes, Ventura; Program: Carl out on their own to earn money. One This excellent and most commendBraum, Santa Barbara; District Genefamily put away three percent of their able result has been achieved under

alogical Secretary: Caroline Black, earnings for several weeks; one woman the able leadership of President George

Santa Maria. saved all her dimes for six months. F. Richards, Jr., and those working

Local committees from each branch Great as the benefits of the St. under his direction. He writes:

assigned to thewere under main work district to excursion the George were that place pleased are very can weheads. letters of Scores sent out were We branches, the they and were most filing for a such comprehensive permanentasking cooperation not of and one them life in individuals. marked was Home this the of family of history membership refused. sixtywrotewas One woman little the enhanced; of one I mother this has mission. that canvass say May letters inviting missionaries totwo persistent of family fourteen and for embodied months the had prayed years many

join result, to excursion. thethem a As orenergetic following of the up program her ones loved when moment would

disseveral attended, including a past iginally this outlined, done has been and all for hers be eternity. time and made

trict his president mother. and credit the to of great Elder very and by in family her the Those temsaw who

genealogical B. the repRoscoe Denham, families for reunited the were Many that ple joy. In planwoman's knew is this resentative of also mission. Thanks first in time years. young many One the ning journey, greater love between all district presidents, the due branch and his brother wrote immiman had who the persons shown. of was Some Junin instances, the others Elders and many

grated to this country with him when iors in learning that their attending to whom special appointment has been they were boys and whom he had not would deny that privilege to others given from time to time on the difficult seen in ten years, to meet him at the capable of doing endowment work, cases.

temple. The brother replied that he willingly withdrew. Individuals whose In carrying on this project forms were

First "If brother's reaction: forwould. mimeographed, use throughresponsibilities graprovided, kept them home

the out the mission. request came brother travel miles can When to see 600my clothing. ciously lent temple Family the census, complete for a combined we surely travelme, to miles I can 300

increased, private prayers and were for the esprojects of the gathering two him."meet Dr. Crowley's mother and

the information. forms were As manifesting desire the to people's ensential father Idaho drove to from be with in returned, prepared, the census and was in this great temple gage work. Refirst It him. the father time and was turn typewritten family record one group

son had been through the temple tosearch was stepped up: hundreds of sheets were made by our office force, a

gether. names were found as a result of diligreat deal of work being thereby entailed;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

but we are indeed very happy now in the Northern States Mission—4,000 records

accomplishment and the fact that we can California Mission 2,000 records send to the Archives the result of a deter- (Including 1,000 from the Southernmined and faithful effort, even though it Arizona District) Wlsiik, has fect. someWe hopeelementsthat youwithinwillit feelnot toyetacceptperEasternSouthernStatesStates MissionMission 500500 recordsrecords NOTES ON CHURCHWIDEit for what it is. HYMN FOR JULY

stakes outstanding achievethe From I personally sincerely grateful very am have been by the following: madeto office force, Elder the and and ments Denham NO. 144, "DOES THE JOURNEY

to others the many LONG?"SEEM records 2,500 Stake who have contributed Rexburg

to this excellent project. records 1,000 Stake Rigby Joseph Fielding Smith; Words by records Stake. 650 Cottonwood We especially appreciate the fact San Fernando Stake 645 records Music by George D. Pyper

that they have endeavored to secure Portland Stake 600 records a record for every family in the North Franklin Stake 537 records Notes for the Organists

Central States Mission. Dr. Frank W. Asper that stakes all other and By We hope This is but one in this example of the gratimissions highly engaged now should HThis present no technical hymn

fying response to the request made will for important take project encouragedifficulties, organists most anda of the family copy record of every these splendid achievefrom ment it should able with trouble to play be no infamily the to Church to sent the be their in press ments and forward efwhatever. It should with be performedArchives. missions Other stakes and their in project forts to the complete registration, bright a using of plenty

also particularlyhave well. done efforts future. united near such By fourstops. foot upper note on The

We are happy to acknowledge rewe can soon have in our Church Record the bass clef for the word "steep"in the ceipt of the following records from the Archives a complete and legible record first line of the first verse, should be missions named: of every family in the Church. taken with the right hand, when played

on the reed organ, in this way leaving the left hand free to take the two lower

SALT LAKE TEMPLE DAILY may go through with the 9:15 a. m. session notes.

ENDOWMENT SCHEDULE (8.45 on Wednesdays) or the 5 p. m. session.

Those who have had their endowments Directions for Choristers 1st—8 to 8:45 a. m. may be married by special appointment. By Lester Hinchcliff

2nd—9:15 to 10 a. m. Sealings for the dead, during the day,

3rd—11:45 a. m. to 12:30 a m. are performed with the first two companies. 'T'he text should be understood! It

4th—1:45 to 2:30 p. m. Evening sealings for the dead are arranged seems a most difficult thing to con5th—3:45 to 4:30 p. m. for ward and stake groups only, appointvince choir singers of the fact that lis6th—5 to 5:45 p. m. ment for which should be made at least one teners do not have access to words as

7th—6 to 6:45 p. m. week in advance. singers do and are not thinking and feelStephen L. Chipman, ing singing. as choir while are members

President. Those going for their own endowments In this will Smith's Brother text hymn,

be most difficult to understand if the

GENERAL TEMPLE INFORMATION BULLETIN, 1941 tempo is too fast. And if the five verses

Temple Baptism Endowment Sessions Calendar are not used, verses 1-3-5 will perhaps be found most practical because of a a. m., 9:00 Wednesday, text unity In 31. better music. for and between Closes on July summer 2:30 7:00 and p. m. Closed Reopens September this, attention a. to of is called the 9:00 m., danger Thursday, 2:30 Thanksgiving Day, 9.November ALBERTA Tuesday WednesdayThursday p. m. the in allowing motive rhythmic for year used December (Special sessions by 1942. 6, 18.1 1. ReopensCloses January first third the to influence request. measures and

that in used eighth ninth the and one 11 a. 8 Tuesday, m. and

for Closes on June summer in fol- 7 p. m. June.) half (And note and two The 16. except Sept. Closed Reopens No28. measures.

11 a. 8 Wednesday, and for latter 20. Closes year eighth and in notes m., vember ARIZONA Saturday DailyMonday these lowing meas- 6:00 p. 7:00 and m. 20. Saturday Reopens JanDecember full Friday, and 8:00 Thursday value. ures be sung with must And 6, 1942. uary

a. 11.00 m., 7 p. and m. of sixths the of progression becourse

for during SepCloses summer in alto parts tenor the last tween and p. m.

for Closes year Detember. (Special sessions by previous stressed three as should measures be 21. January Reopens cember HAWAIIAN Monday MondayFriday 6:00arrangement.

2, 1942. in the notation. indicated This emphasis

better effected can be and by tenors for Conference. Closed October

a. m., 8:00 Tuesday. for Closes 24. 4 Saturday. Also and July style singing altos nonlegato with Tuesday 1:00 p. 6:30 m. and 4. Reopens August summer (Monday Wednesday Thursday, Wednesday, rather full voice. than by 8. Closed Baptisms NovemSeptember and LOGAN 8:30, Thursday 8:00, and Friday—for 27. year DecemSealings Closes ber by Friday 1:00 6:30 a. m.; 11:00 and 5. 21. appointment. January Reopens ber

p. m. 1942.

Closed July 4 and 24. Closes

for 2. Reopens August summer Church The Moves On a. 1:00 9:00 and Saturday. m. and 1. Closed October September

m. p. (Other 27. 1, 2, 3, 4; and November and {Concluded from page 425) days Daily MANTI session special on evening by 6:30No for evening year of DeCloses

Saturday. appointment. 23. January Reopens cember 2. 1942. these periods of trial and grief.—By

Beertsen. C. Eugene

Friday, and Tuesday 24. Closes 4 and Closed July

a. 1:00 p. 9:00 m. m. and Saturdays 2. Reopens August for summer and Daily Thursday, and Wednesday other days 16. Closed Novem21, 1941 September March except ST. GEORGE a. 6:30:00 p. m. m., and by special re23 27. Dec. and Closes ber Monday. 9:00 a. 3:00 m.. 11:001 Saturday appointment. 30. Jane Martha Openshaw, 79, widow December opens

6:30 p. and m.

of John Openshaw of Paragonah, Utah, 11:45; 8:00, 9:15, a. m.;

6:00 5:00, 1:45. 3:45, p. m. and a member of the original party of

Living Endowments and Closes for summer on July 2. settlers who made the trip across the

4. Closed August Reopens SepSealings, (8:45 on 9:15 at the River Holein-theRock 4, Colorado 1, and 3 October tember 5:00 p. m. and Wednesdays

except in into 27. the Closes 11 crossing and daily.) November San Juan country SALT LAKE Dailyappointment.by DailySaturday. 20. Reopens for year December after [or Sealings dead is survived 1880, died. She by five 1942. 5. sessions. January Evenings two firstby

ward or stake appointment sons and daughters, eighteen grandonly. children, and two greatgrandchildren.

CE SmnEJaTHlessaqes

in or meetings, the combined Badges summer. No. MenHonor The M CONFERENCE JUNE socials, an review given to all BeeGleaner out 54, 44 and summer No.o 393 394, 398, 399, pages (See or of material twice a month. opera once a Keepers, hold and wealth When

426, 427 and 430, for June Conferthe Gleaners meet semimonthly to sew should be preserved for future reference reports. ) or chat or work on their Treasures of ence in ward files. Those who did not

Truth books, one member could preget to Salt Lake in June may send for pare a review of one of the operas. In this Honor Badge material at the Genthis preparation, some recordings of eral Board office, 33 Bishop's Building,

the opera might also be played. One for 5c a copy.

will Fireside the opera a complete read used group If the BeeKeepers its J. of evening. as booklet, program one A. Some for Summer M. Way—<X> in will missionaries help the receive might edition) be returned they (1941

chairmen; Brockbank, Hazel Haymond,W. Creed since in presentations to their the sure planning many used "Camping."Be C. Harris, Homer S. Lloyd, Franklin P.Wesley

Giles, Helena D. Keipe, John WernerWarner, seen the operas and pictures of your acand items send in of them may have

Bennion, Aurelia Pinnock, FlorenceLarson, office. can of them. tell tivities programs to the general Marie have They Ileen Waspe. Jensen, Katie C.Waldram,

highlights of the stage production that All wards should be fully organized include. reading not course the to could review carry on MenGleaner with enough BeeKeepers MemMTHE to could of the bers be used program. groups successfully this BeeHive to be known is a series 194142 for

as readingsof-themonth. The most give solos, trios, duets. The groups Before the time of the stake convention,

important reading of the month will be could learn the songs which are and they begin soon after June ConThe Improvement Era. familiar ones and suitable for chorus ference, all BeeKeepers should be

The accomplishment to be attained work. This work should not be made equipped with Handbook and the new

this year is to have M MenGleaners a task, but should be an enjoyable way Supplement so that they may read them become discriminative readers. (For of spending some of the summer eveand completely understand their recomplete analysis of what constitutes nings. sponsibilities. In the past the General

a discriminative reader, see M MenSo here's to the summer program: BeeHive committee has felt that in

Gleaner Manual, Hours With Our The Improvement Era (to be read for some stakes it gave such little help

Leaders. the message of the Leaders, and accompared to what it could, at these

During the three summer months of cording to your own interest), a novel conventions, because the wards were fun and leisure, we can begin or something of Shakespeare, and an not fully organized nor the BeeKeepers the second of the three projopera. in "readiness."Readiness means that

ects for the vacation months: an inWe promise some interesting readthe BeeKeepers know their assigndividual one of reading either a classic ing for the winter months. We see ments, have read the Handbook, and

novel or some assignment from from the calendar that there are western have their problems written out to

Shakespeare. One of these suggestions stories, mystery novels, and biography present to the General Board represenshould be available in many personal and travel along the road. You'll stay tative.

and most public libraries. Have you with us, won't you? The following report was received

read the modernized version of Wuthfroin the San Francisco Stake. In these

ering Heights? Have you shaken hands TENTATIVE YEARLY PROGRAM stressing times swarms may wish towith Dickens again this year? Sidney M MENGLEANERS'READING serve their country by doing this or

Carton of The Tale of Two Cities is June, July, August: Stories of great operas, similar projects.

is as interesting companion classical novel an Era,always one Improvement The chapter local fall the 1940, of the During sonnets. or David or play and Shakespeare Expectations of GreatPip

Association Cross the of Red American novel. September: Western Pride There's Copperfield.of David assistance for extensive campaign an made fiction or nonmodern October: Modern about Austen Prejudice Jane byand the clothing. of preparation in the With fiction. that remarks business man onewhich cells filling Bee in and of mind double aim our from Religious book own November: as a matter it year each once reads of knit being to andhe learning Lines how by the Era. and Church, V'a/- One Was Who that There's Assoeducation. to Cross the service of American Red businessof iant, Spencer; This and For Harmer My

the of Girls San ciation, BeeHive the unableto-putinteresting andmost Bailey. Glory,

a as as enrolled members Ward of Galsworthy Spiritual: Luke, Saga Forsyte The Prophet, Francisco Decemberdown

first 1941, the of January, and group by listed is Gibran. its length great in evenwhich the for sweaters nineteen Red completed Novel. January: choice. lists of persons'first in many Association. Cross political. History or February: Eliot; George Bede, areThere Adam this project, only the time began At we Biography. March: Meredith; George Feveral, knit.Richard to girls of the The knew one how April: Poetry.

John Halifax, Gentleman, Mulock; CapMay: Travel. yarn and patterns were furnished by the

tain Blood, Sabatini. If none of these Red Cross Association, and they also asappeals, read something else that sisted us by making it possible for us to

prices. at wholesale needles knitting our buy read from to wanted alwaysyou've

classes the of BeeHive made member Each shelf. classicliterature's

sweater. a 144, Sonnets try Shakespeare for As finished the sweaters the were time At are iBefrHiveliirls sonnets Shakespeare's 116.130, to Association, the turned Cross back Red

among the best in all sonnet literature. Bertha Tingey, chairman; Ethel Anderson, Lucy the BeeKeeper explained to the women in

Andersen, them. twelve, the that only Try girls were Ann C. Larson, Margaret N. Wells, charge be sure to enjoyYou will

Ball, Marjorie thirteen, fourteen years and of age and King dramas: of Shakespeare'ssome

knit. just exto Association learning The the Shrew, ComLear, Taming of The GIRLS stated their they thanks profound tended and V. BEEHIVE Henry Othello, Errors, Kingedy of that the of best the sweaters thought some for Conference glorious June projis a social three A more Project number for them. been done had ** never held than BeeKeepers Stories book, was buying one ofect, that of the classes involved BeeKeepers The

of the Great Operas, by Ernest Newthe one this year. The inspiration are indeed proud of the work the girls have

man. Have the M MenGleaners in gained, we hope, will make you more done and the spirit in which it was acseparate M Men meetings or Gleaner determined than ever to carry on in complished.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY, 1941

1 PASADENA STAKE EXPLORERJUNIOR

SWEETHEART BALL HELD IN THE CIVIC

AUDITORIUM AT EL MONTE, CALIFORNIA.

2 "STATUE OF LIBERTY,"THEME OF GOLD

AND GREEN BALL OF LAS VEGAS, WARD,

STAKE. MOAPA

OF THE JUNIOR DEPARTMENT AT 3. GIRLS

PASADENA STAKE ANNUAL EXPLORERJUNIOR GIRLS'THEME BANQUET.

4 QUEEN OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL AND

HER ATTENDANTS OF THE.CHINOOK

BRANCH OF THE NORTHWESTERN STATES

MISSION.

SIXTH WARD GLEANER GIRLS HOLD 5. PROVO

SHEAF BINDING, WITH STAKE OFFICERS

ATTENDING. 6 THEME IDEA FOR THE IDAHO STAKE GOLD

BALL. GREEN AND

GOLD AND GREEN BALL. STAKE 7 PORTLAND

OF WARDS SPENCER AND GREEN 5 PLEASANT

BALL GREEN AND GOLD STAKE OQUIRRH

I. A. M. MARLOR, ELLEN SISTER WHICH AT

YEARS, TWENTYSEVEN FOR WORKER OF THE QUEEN HONORARY AS REIGNED

OCCASION.

GOLD OF THE ATTENDANTS AND QUEENS 9

GREEN PLEASANT OF BALL GREEN AND

STAKE. OQUIRRH WARDS, SPENCER AND

OF THE TEAM BASKETBALL GIRLS'10 THE

HAWAIIAN BRANCH, A. OF KUKUAU M I.

MISSION, HILO, HAWAII.

11 UNION STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL

PIONEER THEME.

12 'THETHIS FIRSTYEAR BEEHIVEIN THE SWARMQUEENSPARTYWARDHELDOF

STAKE. NEW YORK

GOLD AND GREEN BALLBRANCH 13. TAFT

MISSION. CALIFORNIA

ABOUT ARE GIRLS WHO JAPANESE 14 TWO

MISSION- A BY MORMON BAPTIZED BE TO

ISLAND OF LIVE THE ON THEY ARY.

H. T. KAPAA, OF IN TOWN KUAI, THE

THE GOLD OF ATTENDANTS AND QUEEN 15

IN HANNIBAL, BALL HELD GREEN AND

MISSION. STATES CENTRAL MISSOURI,

16. JAPANESE MISSIONARIES LABORING ON

KAUAI WHO WON THE BASKETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.

HORN STAKE PRESENTATION OF FOUR 17. BIG

PLAYS BY THE FOUR WARDS LISTED BELOW:

a. "WHEELS,"BY LOVELL WARD.

b. "MAKE ROOM FOR RODNEY,"BYRON

WARD.

C.'THE ROAR OF THE TWIST,"LOVELL

WEST WARD, d. "SO WONDERFUL IN WHITE,"COWLEY

WARD.

JUNIOR STAKE NEBO OF QUEEN 18 KING AND

IS AN BALL. KING THE GREEN AND GOLD

HONOR SCOUT AND THE QUEEN AN HONOR

BEEHIVE GIRL.

19. THEBEEHIVENORTHGIRLSCALIFORNIAAND BEEKEEPERSDISTRICT, CALIOF

FORNIA MISSION, MARIE C. THOMAS, SUPERVISOR.

20. IDAHO STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL,

"THE M. I. A. SYMPHONY."

Another Blue Day (Continued from page 403)

"But what?"

"But mine's a purty dog."

"So's"Yeahbut—Tippy. Wanta play?"

"But what?"

"Mother says not to get dirty, These is my Sunday close."

"Oh, well, goodbye! Soon's I get

some cookies, Tippy and me's going to dig out a gopher in the lower pasture."

He disappeared into the kitchen and came back with pockets bulging.

"Gooby, Buddy! C'mon, Tippy!"

He"Yeahbut—strode away,"whistling.Buddy started after

him. "Better run back, Buddy. It ain't

moral to dig out gophers in your Sunday"Yeahbut—I—close!"Rusty I said,can kindly.watch!"problessed them with its buoyant warmth. ant on the question of morality. "Yeahtested Buddy, "I can watch—an—an—Birds trilled in the orchard and cedar but—"protested Buddy, weakly, and

eat cookies!"woods, and the clover felt cool and trudged along, fully shod.

The two little boys and the dog damp to Rusty's bare feet. He had "Tippy and me likes to walk up the

climbed over and crawled under the hung his sneakers by the strings, to the wash in our bare feet,"said Rusty.

fence, and walked kneedeep through fence post. Buddy had wanted to take "Yeahbut—it's dry, isn't it?"

blossoming clover. Golden sunshine off his shoes, too, but Rusty was adam- (Continued on page 436)

1HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

ANOTHER BLUE DAY (Continued from page 435) weakly, picking up the knife with unMandy's face was red, too, a full, overreluctance. fed red. like looked a sliver Edna of, but the sand and mud disguised "Yeah—bulk. immense we going to do with them?"her "What She looked downtickles!"

Under the Big Pine they rested. he inquired fifteen minutes later, wiping at her plate, and her lip trembled.

Rusty looked up through the dark his hands thoroughly on his Sunday Rusty saw her desperately winking branches and a sense of the beauty of trousers. Rusty had not thought that back her tears. His little heart burned

the day swelled his heart afresh. He far, being concerned wholly with forwith anger toward the coarse old

felt so full of kindness it hurt his throat. getting the entire incident, but he could woman. He looked at Cousin Edna's

"I guess it don't hurt to take off not appear at a loss before Buddy. scarlet face and couldn't eat his fried

'em!"eyes chicken. His wear wished He say would Mom "Why—why, didn't shoes, saySunday if your Mom

fell of things from something kind, heap but upon the little telling she was tosscarelessly,shoes!"he mentioned

his picked out pocket. reached and her recipe He Gramma Styles for Spanishing to Tippy. a pebble

I'll pins. pin yours pickles. "See! safety up the anxiously He glanced round stripped off his gratefully Buddy

shoes and sox and wriggled his toes. on, and you can pin mine on!"the table. All the ladies were heart-"'Ooooh, that feels good!"he mur- "Yeahbut—"Buddy looked bewillessly eating or talking; no one noticed

mured, lying back on the grass beside dered, but stood up obediently. Rusty how hurt poor Edna was.

Rusty and gazing up at the heavenly gingerly picked up a tail, and holding He cleared his throat and said, very patches of blue. it against the seat of Buddy's trousers, loud and suddenly, "Never mind,

began Edna! just stabbing away with one of the Cousin squirrels "I dead some where know

pins. been buildingYou're—you'reup your frame. O K! You all,is!"after said, After a time. Rusty

fatted leaped away. "Ouch!"Buddy You was some meat on up—had keep.the gopher would

still, stand and back I betcha dress "Come you'd out a or you you—why for?"die they "What

ordered, a tail!"have Rusty even good six hundred pounds!"grain Ant'ny put out for can't poison "Ate

gophers and coyotes. Ant'ny felt bad. sternly. Buddy came meekly back. His brave little voice died away in

He said he's going to skin them if he a painful silence. Cousin Edna's face

redder before. than was Aunt Manit, smell fore too they togets round efnauseating -TTLFTER much like looked dy's cock's. turkey a Notails."the give to He's goingbad. me fort, tails finally attached, both were said to a body the break word awful see!""Less started the the across and boys back silence, said, but hurriedly, She Mom. the lay fence the brush Beside field, jubilant attended a Tippy. by don't "Honey, and to you want Buddy little beautiful three, of bodiesbloated their long hands and They washed if is out see and for go Anthony ready fairylike, tiny squirrels, handstree told. thoroughly, to without having be his dinner, now?"grain they the poisonedspread toward are, darling!"Rusty's here "Oh, you feeling in There funny a Rusty's was sniffed. finish. lived to nothad Buddy for into the bustled kitchen mother out didn't stomach. understand why, He a'ready!"smell "They in for "just food; another time load of efforts his to but nice to be Mom's to get won't Ant'ny "Yes. Maybe dinner!"successful. not been had company All silent, looking them."skin Rusty was for Ant'ny, wait "We'll Mom."to he get that wanted now, out of was little victims. at thesomberly "We his offer!"to nice of you "Why, how as quickly as possible kicked room He tails!"those to ought wasteshouldnt dish as mother she a heaped beamed ankle. said, bare Buddy's Buddy the laying presently. said, beganhe He there's potatoes, with "but no mashed "Ouch,"looked longingly at and the grass. the his out of pockets oncontents need, today. Mrs. and Susy Aunt in. icecream carrying was Mamie cookies, of the remains crumbled The just there's didn't so come, Gaspard his "C'mon!"Rusty pushed back pit, string, bent a peach of a tanglea little friend."for your and you room rose, firmly chair grasping and Buddy's elastic ball,nail, an small rubber red a in the nigger woodpile, "There's a so. as did he arm pins, knife with safety aband, and two eat!"kids to declared don't want when, oh, muttered K!"O rusty blade. "Yeahbut—one sourly, a past with brushing Mamie, last gulping of spoonful Buddy, a gravy, tails,"sughe the could take "We platter of and smoking ham. Rusty being before dragged Half away. way at the speculatively lookinggested, in quietly behind and her edged Buddy door, to the halted they a were byknife. allotted into the slipped seats them. shriek from Sawyer. Mrs. "Yeahbut—right, Sims, Rusty's Mrs. on Old Sawyer! "Buddy Why, you—whatcould "I you and could one have sniffed. at him, sharply glanced and that ever's are on your—-where your one!"could have andhave one Tippy Ellen side the of other Buddy, Miss On socks, shoes Sawyer?"Buddy "Yeahbut—"raised eyebrows. her There Mapes ""In Buddy andthe—it's off "I'll Tippy's and and get mine a—yeahbut-—all their silence strained along a was as mumbling, dragged Rusty him was off yours."began get Rusty canyou the table. side the of from Mommy, door. through the away, tails. the at His of onesawing away brightly, further said end, "Well,

little face turned white and the freckles Cousin Edna, your quilt is nearly done.

stood out, queerly. His stomach felt I hope you're going to like it!".t\nt'ny had just finished the

strange. He wanted to quit, but he "Let's hope hell like it!"giggled well and started for the bunk house to

couldn't be a quitter before Buddy. Martha Simpkins, looking arch. clean himself up for dinner when they

After a long, nightmare period, the "By the way, what does he look found him, He was wet and splattered in his offtail hand. came He biscuits. turned like?"asked, passing with hot mud. Mom pitifully the denudedquickly from away face long, Ant'ny greeted the boys jovially. Edna's Cousin bony

body. lighted up. She smiled, bashfully. "Hello, kids! Been good boys and

yours."you get "Now eh? temptation, "she from stayed kinda plump—"Well, away he—he's "Yeahbut, you fine! the right thing; That's haven't got Tippy's began, her mother, but Always do Aunt Mandy,

yet!"demurred Buddy. interrupted, "You mean he's fat as a it pays, you know!"

"Tippy don't need any. He's got a cornfed hog! And he needs to be "Wait a minute, Ant'ny!"Rusty

tail."Rusty, still pale, gazed resomarrying a beanpole like you! But called, after his fast disappearing

lutely toward the fragrant clover field. girls of Edna's age can't be choosy, friend. "How—how you going to

"Hurry up, it's getting dinner time!"you know, and he ain't so bad when know which one's right?"

Dinner seemed the least desirable thing you get used to him!""Oh, your conscience! It'll hurt if

on earth, at the moment, but he knew She laughed, and everyone else you do wrong, you know!"shouted

Buddy."Yeahbut—"Buddy muttered, turnedlaughed, a too,painfuldutifully.brick Edna'sred. Auntface Ant'ny,of you!"hurryinghe amplified,on. "Abeforefeelingturninginside

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY, 1941

ANOTHER BLUE DAY his back on the two blank little faces. "I got a funny feeling in my insides!"yours?"he asked, happily, as they

"I gotta get my shoes and stockings he said, impressively. turned away.

and put on!"muttered Buddy, soberly, "So have I!"Buddy put a grubby At this moment, a shrill shriek keened

after Ant'ny had disappeared into the little paw on his stomach, "I guess I across the meadow, and struck their effect blow. of the ears a with I ate too dinnerbunkhouse. maybe my fast—or "Buddee! Sawyer! Buddee We're redidn't added, enough!"he have first,"to tank the "Less Rusty go Buddee!"going now. home, proachfully, he had remembering how can't insuggested. the "You wade glance casting agonized one Buddy, been dragged away. put shoes!"tank you on your after

run. at to Rusty, began

"It's still!"said Rusty, annoyed. "Be auto- "Yeahbut—"murmured Buddy the swarming from were Women silly!"gazed, conscience, He thismatically, to your small sop and thrown in the cars parked the house toward of at contents trancelike the unsavory willinglyconscience, followed Rusty figure in the large pink a yard. From his bucket. the tank.to gasped Rusty he when clarion regularly the foreground, came

saw the basinlike depression of "Yeah, my conscience sure does call of "Buddee!"and Buddy was

cracked and trampled mud that had hurt me!"he murmured, dreamily, then, running straight for trouble, like a lame

been"Why—it'sthe pond. gone!"he stammered. nounced,in a brisk tone of decision, he anand frightened rabbit.''It—it's dried up! It uster be a good them die—Buddy,"It wouldn't be moral to let

field of thetank—-lots follow me!"the set off across with water!"he was almost in bed, He now? we hy are

light eye.apologetic to his in Buddy. this of purpose time?"Buddy Tippy W done What have we

"It's still got good mud!"conceded stumbled along behind, uttering prowriggled up from the foot of the bed,

Buddy, generously. testing "Yeahbuts,"at intervals. and rubbed his damp nose on Rusty's

"I wonder where the waterdogs and After negotiating two fences—Buddy cheek.

polliwogs and things went? Less look!"left the seat of his trousers on the top "We've been disrespectable again!"

Rusty splashed into the thick, oozy mud wire of one, and belatedly wise, rolled Rusty answered the mute question inand Buddy gingerly followed. under the other—Rusty drew up at the Tippy's sorrowful brown eyes. "We

she spanked sassed when Sawyer well. Miz puffed cleaned newly up Buddy are! lots here they "O-oh, Here's to listen ought she told her and Buddy, later, minutes with a what was few them!"his knees,of on Rusty was more!"conscience to her left tadpoles. of of his panful He slime.scooping of the black handfuls up "I thoughtfully, at Tippy, gazed stared, at Rusty. roundeyed He

little fellers! lose "Poor Did you it, But Tippy. to hadn't ought done ain't going to—"You Is nice theyour nasty water? mud condition!"in spanking wasn't a Buddy said, to!"I'm going "Sure, Rustysmuvvering you? you want Rusty Do "I more. know some ruminated He let "It's 'em to bravely. not moralto help shot order over you?"an He it, 'cause it to right for her do wasn't

is it? die, to Don't up grow want youhis that shoulder, imperiously, "Bring I hurt! it But conscience made my

I to dad's do. moral be a man? bucket,old My Buddy!"picking quit to her told to ought hadn't

to 'cording moral, moral, Ant'ny's and biggest! of Carrying the each pounds on 'cause she And mud him was on his lights. Is moral?"your dad

I iffoot, tin pail to ever ast she a stumped where Buddy worst the when was was turned over a fence post. "I dunno,"muttered Buddy; "we been spanked without any seat to her

"And that old dripper I used to play ain't got any polliwogs!"pants! That's what made Mom mad!

boat with!"added Rusty, dripping mud "Don't your conscience still hurt?"Tippy, I reely hadn't ought to said

from his cupped hands. Picking the persisted Rusty. "Mine does!"that! That's what wasn't respectable!"

squirming tadpoles and waterdogs from "I hurt all over!"Buddy said, resentHe glanced at the muddy little heap

the mud and depositing them in the fully, "Only I don't think it's my conof clothing on the floor, from which an receptacles was a tedious job. Rusty science. It scratched me when I tore odor of decaying squirrel emanated,

brushed back the hair from his perspirmy pants, and I stubbed my toe and this and rubbed his feet together with a ing forehead, almost plastering an eye pan is awful heavy!"grimace of distaste.

feel awful! I wish feet "Oooh,shut my as he did so, and said crossly, little polliwogs, "Well, do want you beto take told a bath had me help!"and Mom Rusty, a nice, cooed dumphome?"new

said, she bed! But to sent fore she me ing into"Come"Yeahbut—pail well the the of his contents

right bed, in get stairs and up 'Go the bucket. of occupants The suffer die they "Should to ought and it! It I done Brandon!'and Russell don't followed. scared—dripper be "Now'cause close your got you've Sunday Tippy! ain't to mind, not You moral let we'll easy!"you down that "Is theon?"Rusty demanded. it's mizright, sometimes but to haf do

right to slid do?"his through rope way hands and The doubthe mused zable! now,"And "Nobut—"Buddy was thinking of landed with a plop in the bottom of fully, "she'll probly be mad'cause you

his own suffering, when his mother the well. got the outside of the bed full of mud,

found out, but this did not seem the "There!"Rusty heaved a heartfelt and I got the inside! But our contime to bring that up. sigh of the weary philanthropist with science won't hurt, 'cause we minded,

It was a long and absorbing task, and a real deed of welldoing to his credit. didn't we?"

the sun was far down the western sky, "I guess that surprised 'em! My conHe felt uncomfortable, caked with

when two chocolatecolored little boys, science don't hurt any more, does dried mud; his clothing smelled of dead

oozing mud at every step, emerged from squirrel and Tippy smelled of wet dog, the tank, staggering under the weight but he was very sleepy, and filled with of countless, squirming refugees. A QUEST content for a day welllived. Drowsily, "What we going to do with them?"he thought of the polliwogs, swimming

Buddy gasped, setting down the dripBy May Weight Johnson gratefully about in their cool, new per, which he felt was much the harder home. "Heavenly Father,"he murthing to carry. "They need water, IF I can find a loveliness mured, thickly, "thanks for this blue

In crystals edgeddon't they?"with snow, day! Thanks for—not letting me—let sing a symphony stared at him thoughtfully, If bluebirds Rusty it-—pass—yoostluss-away! He sighed deeply, and was instantlythrough a mask of mud, "Yeah, that's AsIf hopethroughand thelovewindweartheyambergo, goldright. They sure do need water. We While looking to the sun, asleep. Tippy signed, laid his nose on

can't let them die; it's not right!"He Is that not wealth enough the pillow, and he too, slept.

continued to stare intently at his friend. For me, or anyone? Another blue day had slipped away.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

BRIGHAM YOUNG AND JIM BRIDGER (Continued from page 401 This Green River story is still be found. None of the latter was

mountaineers of the Uintahs were further complicated by the fact that found, but plenty of the former, and supplying Walker's Utes with the at this time Green River County was this, so Hickman says, the posse promeans of waging war on his people, organized, and the man appointed as ceeded to destroy by doses, to the

Brigham Young, under his official sheriff of the new county turned out effect that the officers, at least, were trust as governor and Indian agent, badly. His name was William A. all soon intoxicated.

ordered a posse under Sheriff James Hickman, and he became a sort of Part of the posse was left at Fort

Ferguson to move on the mountainprototype of the notorious Henry Bridger in the hope of capturing the eers and arrest them for treason. Plummer, storied Montana peace wary old mountaineer in case he

officer who used his position as a should return to visit or take away

Tt so happens that this story of sort of screen behind which he his squaw and papooses who had reBrigham Young's quarrel with the trafficked with lawless men. mained on the place. But no posseUintah mountaineers is complicated Hickman gives us about the only man saw him.

by the fact that some of these nonaccount extant of what Sheriff FerFerguson took the remainder of

Mormon residents of Green River guson and his posse did to Bridger his force on to Green River where,

County engaged during the summer and the ferrymen. Hickman was a so Hickman says, he killed two or

season in the business of ferrying member of the posse, and his acthree of the original ferrymen, drove travelers over Green River. This count is therefore that of an eyethe rest out, appropriated their cattle

business, which they had engaged witness. But the historicity of his and other movable property, and inin before the advent of the Mormons, account is impaired by the fact that stalled Mormons in possession of the

they now continued to pursue withit was written many years after the ferries.

out regard for enactment of the Utah events of 1853, and at a time when All this sounds like pretty rough legislature, which took upon itself his sly dealings had begun to catch treatment meted out to the mounthe regulation of all such business, up with him. taineers. It affords a basis for the

requiring that the operators of toll In those days if a man accused of accusation by those who do not like roads, bridges, and ferries be licensed crime could show that at any time President Brigham Young that by territorial authority before doing he had been an agent of Brigham whatever the stated purpose of Ferbusiness. Young, it was not hard to win the guson's visit to Green River, his real

The old operators not having friendship of federal judges and purpose there was to oust the Gencomplied with the Utah law, the marshals by blaming his misdeeds tiles from their lucrative positions on right to operate ferries on Green on Brigham Young as instigator. the Oregon trail and put their busiRiver was awarded by the legislature This is exactly what Hickman did, ness and property in the hands of

to several Mormons. But when and this is exactly how he saved his members of the Mormon Church.

these went to Green River to ply neck from the 'hangman's noose. In the absence of detailed infortheir business, they were met by the His stories are therefore some of mation on all phases of this Green

old ferrymen and given to underthem true and some of them false, River County business, it is hard to stand that not Utah law but pistol each variety selected according to the arrive at a correct judgment of the law prevailed at Green River, and impression he wished to build up to matter. The testimony of Bill Hickanyone trying to muscle in on the the effect that his crimes had been man, a known murderer and liar,

ferry business there would straightordered by Brigham Young. should not be relied upon solely to

way get a dose of the latter. The Hickman states that when Sherconvict Sheriff Ferguson or anyone

Mormons prudently went back home. iff Ferguson reached Fort Bridger he else of wrongdoing. If what the

So Brigham Young, in frugal piofound no one there to arrest, the faMormon authorities were really afterneer fashion, decided to use Sheriff mous owner of the premises having had been the property of the Green

Ferguson's posse to kill two birds departed. He had been forewarned River mountaineers, then there

for what would have been no excusewith the posse's one purpose. Mr. of approach up and stone—straighten been have It would was done. selling Bridger the the matter of able on posse Not an arrest, to make

liquor and arms to Indians, and set then proceeded to accomplish the wrong and Brigham Young's rating the Green River men right on the other part of its mission at Fort would have been reduced accordmatter of authority over the ferry Bridger, namely, to confiscate whatingly. But if, as reported, the mounbusiness. ever stores of liquor and arms could taineers were actually supplying

arms to the Utes with whom the citizens of Utah were at war, and if the ferrymen were operating in defiance of the law, then Brigham

Young was only doing his sworn duty. If members of the posse misbehaved on the expedition, as soldiers sometimes do, then they must

FORT BRIDGER, bear the blame for their misconduct. 1866.

"M[ext in the list of crimes charged to the Mormons in Green River County is the alleged taking, with or without a forced sale, of Fort Bridger by the agents of Brigham Young.

Bridger himself later claimed that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

BRIGHAM YOUNG AND JIM BRIDGER the Mormons robbed him of his though that body of pioneers had rary letter writers and diarists, both property, and on the strength of his been instructed to settle on the Mormon and nonMormon, fix the accusations the government later Bridger claim. When these settlers date of the Fort Bridger purchase at

denied Mormon claims to the place arrived at Fort Bridger, so the story 1855. For example, the entry in

and awarded Bridger's heirs $6,000 goes, they found there twelve or the Historian's Office Journal for as compensation for the army's havfifteen toughlooking mountaineers October 18, 1858, states that on that ing occupied it many years as a milito challenge their right to the premdate Louis Vasquez appeared and tary reserve. There is no dispute ises, and considering discretion the was paid $4,000, acknowledged that

as to the fact of Mormon acquisition better part of valor, went several he had received a similar amount on of Fort Bridger. All authorities miles away to locate another site for August 3, 1855, and executed a bill

agree on this point. The bone of their settlement. This new location of sale of Fort Bridger. This bill of

contention, therefore, is the manner was called Fort Supply. sale has not yet been found.

in which the Church came into posUnfortunately for this explanation In his autobiography even Bill session of the property. of the selection of Fort Supply inHickman states that he assisted in

Most of the support for the charge stead of Fort Bridger as a colonizaconveying that first payment of that Brigham Young made unjust tion site, there are preserved the let- $4,000 in gold from Salt Lake City use of force in acquiring Fort Bridger ters of Brigham Young to the colto Fort Bridger in 1855.

derives from an unfortunate error in onists congratulating them on their In a letter dated August 31, 1855, the date of the transaction as given President Heber C. Kimball wrote to

by several histories of Utah, includFranklin D. Richards the following:

ing Bancroft's and Whitney's. The "The Church has bought out Bridhistorians, evidently copying from a ger's ranch and one hundred head

common source, agree upon 1853, of horned stock, seven or eight as the date of the purchase. Recent horses, some flour and goods that

research in the office of the Salt he had, and paid $8,000 for it, and

Lake County Recorder, however, has Mr. Bridger is gone."This letter

uncovered the official recording of contained the current Utah news.

the papers in the transaction, which Elder Richards was presiding over fixes the date at August 3, 1855. choice of location. Anyone acquaintthe British Mission in 1855. If the

it Now this matter of the date of the ed with the nature of Brigham purchase had been made in 1853, purchase is extremely important. If, Young would not expect praise from would not have been news to Presias heretofore understood, Fort him for disobeying his instructions. dent Richards, since he was in Utah

Bridger was acquired in 1853, at The inference is, therefore, that he at that time.

the time a Mormon posse was chasdid not instruct those colonists to ing Jim Bridger through the Wyooccupy Fort Bridger at that time. r\N August 9, 1855, Brigham

ming hills on a charge of treason, It is silly to suggest that they Young wrote his agent, Lewis then there is reason to suspect that didn't take Fort Bridger because Robison, congratulating him on havsomething was wrong about such a they were afraid of those twelve or ing made the "deal,"the nature of transfer of property. that But now reference to is indicated by fifteen roughlooking mountain men. which

it officially has been that proved is Direction ranch.""Bridger's the There wellarmed were thirtynine

purchase was made two years later, and equipped young men in the exgiven Robison to sell the flour at after peace had been made with the pedition. In the same spot four years "two bits"a pound and beef at

Utes, and the charge against Bridger later, they didn't hesitate to dispute twelve cents to the passing emigrant of unlawful trade with the Indians the advance of an army which they trains, besides other instructions forhad then the been dropped, acquired propthe newly convinced reasons were was marching to opmanaging for suspecting President Brigham place other could erty which fit no press them.

Young of using unjust methods in Several of those thirtynine colothan the Bridger station. From

securing the property must be cannists wrote accounts of the expediAugust, 1855, until September, 1857/ celled. tion of 1853, some of which have when Robison himself set fire to Fort

It might be well to examine briefly been preserved. In none of these Bridger just before the arrival of U.

certain additional evidence which writings is it even suggested that S. troops, frequent notices in The

supports the later date for the purthey were instructed to occupy Fort Deseret News fix Robison at Fort chase of Fort Bridger, not because Bridger. Indeed, James S. Brown, Bridger as Brigham Young's agent

it is needed to fix the date, but beone of the colonists, wrote that when in charge of that property.

cause it throws light on the scruples they left Salt Lake City they exJudge W. A. Carter, an army

of Brigham Young and the Mormon pected to settle, not in the vicinity sutler who came to Fort Bridger with pioneers, on the one hand, and Vasof Fort Bridger at all, but farther Johnston's army in 1857, wrote that quez and Bridger on the other: down toward Green River on HenVasquez arrived from the Missouri

In the first place, it can readily be ry's Fork. On hearing at Fort Bridat Fort Bridger in 1 858 with a train

shown that no effort was made by ger, however, that many of the of supplies for the army. Before rethe Mormons to claim or occupy Fort mountaineers had already preemptturning to the "states,"Vasquez

Bridger until August, 1855. Those ed that locality, the Mormon colomade a trip to Salt Lake City, so

interested in casting suspicion on nists decided to turn aside at Smith's Carter states, and upon his return

President Brigham Young refer to a Fork because that place was as yet informed Carter that he had recolonization expedition sent from unclaimed and unoccupied by anyceived from Brigham Young all the

Salt Lake City into Green River one. money due Bridger and himself on

County in November, 1853, as In the second place, contempo- (Continued on page 440)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

BRIGHAM YOUNG AND JIM BRIDGER (Continued from page 439) Bridger by later visitors to that place. the transBridger place, and had

It is interesting to note that alSummer School ferred lease a to Brigham Young which Bridger had in the meantime though Federal officials picked up arranged with Captain John H. with avidity and repeated as proved

against facts Bridger's accusations for the Dickerson the use by army where Summer's critthey were more Young, Brigham It will of the premises. be remembered that Vasquez was coowner ical of what the old mountaineer had

of the Bridger place, that so far as to say about other matters. There

is known no charges of law violation is, for example, the case of Bridger's had ever been lodged against him later efforts to claim compensation CooL by the Utah authorities, and that from the War Department under all the time he was free and emthe terms of the Dickerson lease.

The joy of learning is inpowered to act for the partnership The government had repudiated the creased in the delightful in the care or disposal of their propcontract on the ground that Bridger's surroundings of Brigham erty as though both were together. original title to the land had not

chillsubstantiated, been and now that provides proof The foregoing University's Alpine Young the out pointed ingly apparent very Fort Brigham bought Young school. Studysummer in claims. Bridger's extravagances the Bridger from BridgerVasquez

is time vacationtime kindly, the undisgoes on As time as partnership 3, 1855, around August well on the unique sumand that no unjust pressure was criminating enchantment of the Old mer campus at Aspen brought to bear on the firm to force West envelops all her buckskinin fringed a splendiferous children sell, Bridger's despite asto them feet 6,800 Grove, above

I blanket Personally, of romance. sertion that robbed. he was sealevel in the fork north its in rather leave Bridger would Jim the subject of Bridger's on While of Provo Canyon. folds than generous drag back him affair, in part the to well it might be

dwell a moment on this matter of the from this bright limbo of quasiheroes

Nine hours of college leasing of Fort Bridger by its and exhibit him as a scamp who credit may be earned durformer owner to the U. S. army in would sell the same piece of proping the five weeks'term. 1857, for the transaction, I think, erty as many times as opportunity afWrite to the Dean of the furnishes a means of estimating the forded.

Bridger at did have Anyway, Jim probity of the old mounSummer Session for a catbusiness least qualities to offset help two good his partner: taineer and

alog. Vasquez, according to Carter, his faults: a diverting sense of hutook with him to Salt Lake City in mor and an insatiable curiosity.

Alpine Term Dates 1 858 the BridgerDickerson contract As he wandered over the wild, unin order to persuade Brigham Young touched West he kept poking into

July 21 to August 23 to make the last payment on Fort all the offthe-trail corners to feast

Bridger. Evidently Bridger and his eyes on the strange wonders of

Vasquez feared that, since the propits hidden fairylands. Later, when

erty had fallen into the hands of the he tried to describe what he had Brigham army, Brigham Young would refuse seen, his unimaginative hearers

Young tothispaylease,the lastpromisinginstallment,$600 andannualso laughedinvested athimhis withyarnstheandmantlegleefullyof rental from the army, was held up Munchausen. Having heard, no

doubt, poacher's the old proverb in to chieftain to order the Mormon University about keeping the the game if given induce the with through him to go

Provo, Utah deal. On his return to Fort Bridger name, Bridger did not scruple to add

from Salt Lake City, Vasquez evi- a few patterns of his own to this dently boasted to Judge Carter that classic mantle of exaggeration. But

Brigham Young had swallowed that underneath all his tough, frontierSend the "Era"to your sons bait. Vasquez got the $4,000 and beaten exterior, Bridger must have

a soulsaving zest for the had woncontract. got the Young keep them close Brigham away—and derful or he and the beautiful, get that condid Vasquez Where to home.

tract? Undoubtedly from his partwouldn't have noticed such things

ner who made it. And yet at the in the first place.

time this little conspiracy was carryBut if I find qualities in Jim Bridger ing on, Bridger was convincing army to excite my sympathy, I find vastly officers that the Mormons had robmore to admire in Brigham Young.

that he, property, bed pictured him of his his eneand been by He has trainingPiano of is the foundation musical aPIANOSeducation furnishes of the center and endictator, the rightful home ruthlessly mies not Brigham as a Young, harsh was tertainment. for Call or demonstration writefor catalogues owner of the premises when the army bludgeoning out of the way whatSpinets from 3295 up will. New partgot there in 1857. soever That the opposed his But few

from $545 Grands New critics their confidentially up ners to if appreciate such uncharitable 30 bragged desired months to pay the friends that to carry, staggering they foxed Brigham had load he had CO. DAYNES MUSIC is the terrific pressure labored deal supported unhe on the by47 So. Salt Main St. Lake City Young

<############################## the gossip picked up around Fort der.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

BRIGHAM YOUNG AND JIM BRIDGER HThe character and motives and been slaughtered outright; many from Missouri, clearly saw that the

accomplishments of Brigham more had died or been reduced to Saints'only chance for survival lay

Young do not fit into the mold of helplessness as a result of whipin their being shepherded along tohistoric tyrants, for President Brigpings and other barbarous cruelties gether in one flock. If those who had

ham Young's life was devoted to the inflicted upon them; their arms and been so fortunate as to save enough

task of elevating the poor. When every means of selfdefense had of their property to provide wagons

he is called before the final judgment been taken from them; their propand teams for themselves were albar to answer for his mistakes, two erty, totaling several million dollars lowed to get out of the country, then

hundred and fifty thousand men and in value, they had been forced to those who had lost all they had women will be there to testify that sign away at the points of bayonets; would be left behind to perish.

he helped them to better their cirarrogant, unpitying officers haranSo Brigham Young bent every efcumstances. Among that great gued the beaten, leaderless Saints, fort to persuade the fleeing Saints to

and enthusiastic host will be my ordering them to keep moving and move in one direction. From camp

own grandparents, who were warning them that if more than five to camp he went, getting signatures brought from the dark coal mines of were found together they would be to a pledge that all who had anything

Scotland and the tiny farms of Engfired on; plundermad bands of rufto spare would devote that surplus

land and Wales under the leadership fians were riding up and down the to helping the poor out of Missouri.

of Brigham Young into a grand new countryside, whipping, looting, burnHis exactions upon himself and all order of opportunity, freedom, and ing. others who could help were without

better living in the Rocky MounSuch more or less surreptitious mercy. Back and forth along that

tains. meetings of the Elders as could be trail of misery he went at the risk of

See him at work in Missouri, contrived were concerned with whehis life, directing the procuring of when his genius for leadership first ther to move toward one gathering teams and the placing of depots of found expression. Twelve thousand place outside of Missouri or to scatprovisions along the way for moving

Mormons were being harried toward ter out in every direction and remain the destitute Saints to the new gaththe borders of the state during the separated from each other for some ering place in Illinois.

dreadful winter of 1838-9, many of time. Most of these weary, heartThis sort of thing was the outthem miserably afoot and without broken leaders counseled against standing characteristic of the leaderfood, shelterless in the freezing trying to keep together, until the fury ship of Brigham Young all the rest

blizzards. Joseph Smith and other of persecution should die down. But of his life. During the exodus from

leaders had been betrayed into Brigham Young, who rose to heights Nauvoo, only seven years later, prison. Forty of the Saints had during the expulsion of his people (Concluded on page 442)

CONOCO H* MOTOR OIL quickly headed for sales records here because of the mileage records it nailed up in the Certified Death Valley Death -Test. 5 other

bigname oils in this fierce competition—fully impartial

—didn't average half the mileage made by one regular

fill of Conoco N. Conoco N far outlasted every other

oil in the Death -Test. Get the whole economy story from CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

BRIGHAM YOUNG AND JIM BRIDGER ( Concluded from page 441 poor people might be brought to a With this thought in mind, let us when again the Saints had to flee place where they could obtain homes look again at those degenerate into the wilderness to escape the inand property and grow into a sturdy whites who lounged along the Ortolerance of their neighbors, this inand independent citizenry. Brigham egon Trail, preying upon and spreadsistence that the strong must help to Young had the vision to see the ing a vicious influence among both

carry along the weak became the potential strength of the decent poor: the Indians and the sick and weary

keynote of his activity. And after that by saving the weak and opconverts as the latter plodded along

sanctuary had been found and estabpressed and setting them in the way the trail to Zion. Who would blame

lished in the mountainous deserts of of a better life, energies are liberated Brigham Young for wanting to drive the far West, this stouthearted that build the greatness and prosout an element that was undoing his

Moses of the latter days organized perity of a people. best efforts to regenerate the Indians

the Perpetual Emigrating Fund The foregoing briefly sketches the and give the poor a good start? Good

Company, called on each of the life work of Brigham Young. His men in other places in the raw, young

newly made settlements to furnish efforts to uplift the Indians belong West were using at that very moits quota of men with teams and proin this same program. As far as the ment harsher methods than Brigham

visions to go back each year to the Indians themselves were concerned, Young did in order to make decency

Missouri River and assist the Brigham Youngs Indian policy was prevail, and they have been praised streams of emigrant converts across more or less a failure, because the for it.

the plains, and instituted in Utah his Indians refused to cooperate. But it At this dispassionate and philoscheme of colonization so that these bore splendid fruit in saving the lives sophical distance from the emotional

and the souls of his own people. stresses of early Mormon history, it

But if President Brigham Young is easy to make a show of being nonTHE ADVERTISERS was full of compassion for the poor, partisan and unbiased and to dethe himself drove and and Church plore any possible manifestations of to uplift itself in them, fury and Where You Will F nd he was injustice or intolerance on the part prey upwould those who Their Messages chastising the in handling Brigham Young It them. of of is out on and demoralize

Alexandria Hotel..444 this circumstance, I am convinced, mountaineers of Green River CounBeneficial Life Insurance Co that have come these charges of ty. But who could have marched

.....Back Cover..421 harshness and dictatorship against through all those terrific scenes and Bluhill Cheese

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated Brigham Young. preserved a neutral spirit?

Milk 420 Brigham Young University..440

I. Case, Company... J. Priesthood Melchizedek Pioneers—on New Inside Cover Back 427) page [Concluded from

...441 Continental Oil Company

to: the reference instruction through and March"440, 444 Music Daynes Company

etc. publications, Farmer, Utah Farm..446 Press Deseret News (Concluded page from 431

Bulletins. Agricultural College Milling Globe Grain 389 420 6 Co replied B. of C.'s inson King N. men Bulletins. Government..444 Hall's Canker Remedy drink, getting he not does or smoke weather and market Government..385 Heinz, H. J. Company without, said along better "People and reports...444 Press Hovey

9. established agencies with or Cooperate doesn't person admire a smoke who Inside Front KSL Cover

as: such drink."...422 Kerr Glass Company

bishopric. Ward every support from came S. Thunderous L...390 College Business D.

Priesthood quorums. Hotel..442 sport. Lankershim coaches field of famous Among (Agricultural ExtenAgent Levi Strauss voices heard were were Dean County..391 whose sion service).

LI. S. of the Alonzo Cromwell Amos C, board. planning County Inside Back Cover—Stagg, Fielding Yost, H. and Andrew administration. Security Farm Nalley's, Inc...422

all internationally coaches 10. to restore the dignity of known Attempt Par Soap 421 Kerr,

labor. honest field will in sports. not the of Space... Ltd. Purex,..387

here. quoting of them Purity..423 permit Biscuit Company

listening porKimball Ward, Shelley Stake, to a dramatic Quish School After of Beauty Culture..388

Royal Baking Company..447 trayal of this national roll call of some Runs Farm to Raise Funds

Saltair Beach Corporation..443 of the nation's great abstainers, these Tn 1938, our ward building needed reStandard Oil..445 of California ispairing badly. thousands of young people only very were have We Star Kist..422 Tuna this in 139 sued this challenge: members and it would 'And now our ward Traveler's..447 Motor Lodge Union Pacific Stages..389 comes to us—the NEW PIONEERS! have been very hard for us to conUtah Engraving Company....444 Are we to be the builder's of tomorrow, tribute sufficient funds for this project.

Utah Oil & Refining Company....391 the worthy inheritors of our pioneer We leased a fiftyacre farm and have

Utah Poultry Producers'Coop. forefathers?... Shall we accept the run it successfully the past two years.

Assn 423 challenge? We made up a calendar work chart.

Utah Power & Light Co..388 truly the Pioneers'? put be of each "Will name 'New down ward we We Wilson Exchange Book the the date huge auwith say? to report ( Here member do you he was 444 What

dience burst into tremendous ap-'for work. We gave each family in the

plause.) If you accept, shout, Aye!'ward one of these calendars; thereLOS ANGELES (In one simultaneous shout, which fore everyone knew what day to report.

shook the very rafters of the historic Our people freely donated their work

Hotel Lankershim 7TH 1 BROADWAY Tabernacle, this vast throng affirmed on this project, including the Aaronic $2.50 $3.00 $3.50 their willingness to accept the chalPriesthood, the young people, and some

Bargaining- "No Worry"lenge. ) men who have never taken any active No FrankLOSWiihon,ANGELESOptrator And so started NEW PIONEERS part in any religious activities.—/?e-

on the March! ported by Bishop C. C. Tolman.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

PIONEER BEGINNINGS IN ARIZONA (Continued from page 407) to hurry you away from where you are agreed that the deep cuts in the river in the settlement or a to enforce now, Saints'Latterday to the disleading toldcolonization. Brother Rogers

it trict is refer, until safe to which you enbe broken and the canals should as hethem not to worry, would know free to of so the dangers Indian from and do the place, and Brother Merrill had difficulties; but we regard it as one of the tire stream turned down. If it should

his letter of instruction. spots where the Saints will, sooner or later, reach Tempe (about eight miles disThe Arizona pioneers arrived in soonergather tothe buildbetter."up Zion, and we feel the stant) in two days, or Phoenix

the Salt River Valley on the 6th (about eighteen miles way) in three day of March, 1877. The company As the cut made to turn the water days, it would belong to them, but

went up the river about eighteen of the Salt River did not permit of a if it did not, it belonged to the Mesamiles (just below Granite Reef) spillway, the farmers below were Lehi district.

over the MaricopaMcDowell Road without water, and the farmers of The wide sand bed of the river to the Junction. Just ahead of them the Phoenix and Tempe districts had been dry so long that the water

a short distance was a postwillow protested against the Mormon setsoaked into the sand bed and did hut, used as a pony express station tlers'taking all the water. A settlenot reach Tempe in two nor Phoenix

to Fort McDowell. A horse was ment was made as follows: It was {Concluded on page 444)

tied to a tree beside the hut. Henry

C. Rogers was struck with the sight

as being identical to the one he had seen in vision. He waited a few

moments and a man came out of the hut, mounted the horse, and rode away. It was the same scene thathad come before his eyes when 'Dedicated f Jnn

President Young prophesied he would know the place when he saw in 1M it.

They crossed the stream, intending to go on farther to the San Simon,

San Pedro, or to other points south.—WorldFamous Saltair!

On reaching the south side of the river, they crossed a prehistoric canal, and going upstream a short distance found where an ancient people had had their dam to turn the water out into the canal. Damping Mitghitsi

XJenry C. Rogers said to the coloExcept Sunday

nists: "I'll stay right here! This To NationallyFamous Bands

is the place the Lord wants us to settle."On the World's Largest Unobstructed

The relating of the vision and its Dance Floor fulfillment and their contact with the ancient irrigation system so impressed the pioneers that they pitched camp near by and began excavating Refreshing >\\ Delicious in canal. Allthe ancient joined FullCourse Dinners

a monthswork and within had few this BATHING W ke at Saltair'sthe canal cleaned out sufficiently to m Great Salt cut the Salt across Rivermake a deep the entire intoand turn stream Superb Bathing DeLuxe Cafe it. AccommodationsThey raised a crop that summer,

fall, and winter. ( Here truck crops Also

grow all winter. Fountain S Refrshra ent

President Young wrote Daniel W. Stands

Jones that this camp on the Salt River was merely temporary, and they were still to continue their way said:southward. He Thriii m*h>% like to know what your "We should also

izitentions are to settling with regard the GAMES region for started. originally which you

We do not deem it prudent for you to Fun For Everyone break up your present location, but, possibly next fall, you will find it consistent to continue your journey with a portion of those who are now with you, while others will come and occupy the places vacated by you.

We do not, however, wish you to get the '41!idea from the above remarks that we desire m... for FUN IN

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

PIONEER BEGINNINGS IN ARIZONA ( Concluded from page 443 with about 8,000 Latterday Saints in three days. This agreement in two stakes of Zion and a temple

helped to establish the Saints'water of the Lord with an enviable record.

rights. A compromise was made So the prophecy of President

later, the water for each district Young and the vision of Henry C.

Recognized Utah Headquarters in being apportioned amicably and a Rogers led the Saints to one of the

Los Angeles in the places colonizing West. to release the allofinest made Director spillway V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON for this prophecy not been Had it below. cated waters Salt ol Formerly Lake City

and this vision they might all have It might be of interest to state farther south. a gone that Turney, here A. O, a Mr. Stake has been preMaricopa The civil note, of engineer spent two

F. over sided by Alexander Mac- I prehistoric the surveying years iorS churches in music and schools.C U CollinsWe specialize I. Robson, Charles Donald,

ior solos, stocks Valley, instrumental River vocal the Salt canals ofLargeM and

Hakes, T. LeSueur, choirs, orchestras. James John Headquarters bands and thirty- R. hundred two which measured ior L. for organizations. S. music orders D. Mail Price, Robert LeSueur, James filled W. or promptly write for catalogues speand laterals, of canals eight miles and

lists. cial the latter two Lorenzo Wright, and of locations twentythree finding

of respectively presidents now DAYNFES CO. MUSIC fifteen villages, with dams towns and

solicit your patronage Maricopa stakes. HunPhoenix We and river. in "Phoenix,"the word The St. 47 So. Salt Main Lake City inhabitants are present the dreds of in that Iliad the bird the mythical

rose up from its own ashes, symdescendants of these early pioneers bolizes the building of the town of 1877, 1878, 1879, and hundreds the Mormon Battalion.IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS AmericanPhoenix oncity.the site of an ancient moremembersin Arizonaof are descendants of

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple It is an interesting fact that the sore throat and other minor mouth Mormon Battalion passed through and throat irritations. To this interesting ancientlypeo- here about a year before the pioneers

pled Salt River Valley the Lord arrived in Salt River Valley. They

led the pioneers. That there was no held a meeting in the southern part

Hall's Canker Remedy mistake made is evidenced by the of the valley when Captain P. St.

536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah facts that there are about 400,000 George Cooke advised the Saints to

acres under cultivation, watered by send word to President Young to conserved water from six reservoirs, bring the Saints to the Salt River carried through about 200 miles of Valley. The Battalion membersDMCEMADEPROGRAMSTO ORDER canals and laterals { fully 80% of the were greatly impressed with the possize shape, orAny

have many styles you designmay chooseat low from.prices. WriteWe wateringcanals followingabout 150,000the ancientacressystem)in alcrossedsibilitiestheof Santhe Pedrovalley.Valley,Theywherealso for samples prices. and

100 Tickets $1.25—500 for $2.50 falfa and grain, about 100,000 some of the colonists under

in cotton, about 25,000 acres Philemon C. Merrill settled after HOVCVPhone 3-0617PRESS in orange and grapefruit, about helping with the excavation of the

25 East North Temple Salt Lake Citj 50,000 acres in lettuce, sugar beet ancient canal in the Salt River Valseed, cantaloupes, table beets, peas, ley. Brother Merrill believed it his

illinium miiiiiiiiiiiiimimii m iiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiimiu tomatoes, onions, sweet potatoes, and duty to go there in accordance with other vegetables, in a yearround his particular instructions from Pres- 1 1 inPresident's ident supplying a populaYoung. season growing The OITER... Wf

| A COMPLETE settlement of spiration having led to the I tion 125,000 (Mesa of about 1 SERVICE ENGRAVING Missionary = From Portraits to the Largest 1i doubled its population in ten years ) both these splendid sections.

Catalogues Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH DIVINE OPERATION OF CONSTANT LAW Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah 1 THE I'iimiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiii;113 ( Continued from page 396 said: "It matters not half so much

piness. "He that will lose his life what kind of ballot you drop into

BOUGHT:. for my sake shall find it,"said the the ballot box once a year as what

Highest for prices cash paid kind drop out of bed you of man of paradoxical saying books Savior. This

1 in lots of 1,000. or Particularly into street the morning."every the contains crowning the Savior B interested in historical Western

character. upright of the element items and L. D. S. books, pamphFaith in Christ, the Great

lets, etc. of the the very heart Here we touch Exemplar

SOLD: toGospelwhichofselfishnessJesus Christ,is subdued,in obedienceand piNALLY, if you would conserve

in stock. 20,000 volumes Over New life to for life's best end, cheryour avarice subordinated greed and

used. and At real prices. bargain

faith ish principles of helpfulness, in God. higher the Mail inquiries invited. References

furnished. of kindliness. Our great Guide and Exemplar is

K is forTodaymen theof integrity,world's mengreatestof honor,need JesusGod. Christ,I ask youthe toSonconsiderof the again,living WILSON'S men whose word is as good as their as you undoubtedly have often con-

S 113 EastBOOK2nd So.EXCHANGESalt Lake City bond,considerleadersinternationalof nationsagreementswho will sideredcret of Hisbefore,havingwhereinwieldedliesa greaterthe sesacred. The philosopher Thoreau influence upon mankind than any

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

THE CONSTANT OPERATION OF DIVINE LAW

rich, to nor be commands see that Nor they now nor osophy, God? may parahistory. all in To personother

learned, glory to the shall consecrate Who was he Jefferson, Charlesphrase these. to of peace reward promises Nor science? of of the triumphs God not not a discoverer, inventor, annot all bestowed, worth moral He On lifeboat the to shall the send not genius, Who literary a scientist, not all.a tribute asks from moral And

an artist, not a statesman, nor a warAnd who that could not pay? stranded and perishing nations?"

rior. In the usual realms in which Who born so poor, of intellect so mean Youth of Zion, will you, with me,

the best seemed to what not know these questions as one voice answer their As have won womenmen and not do? might knowing And tonight: Though is unknown.laurels Jesus fulfilled the law thus acted he who And

He defeated the lawyer in argument, eternal The youth of the Church stands healed the sick where medicine And its promises reaped in peace. ready to send out such a lifeboat

grapes else, mellow sought sought Who music greatest the inspired failed, pole, the icy beneath thouof filled hundreds written,ever of the cheek roses totions—menthe strandedwho areandworthyperishingto holdnablooming on Sought

sands of libraries with books, indeath, the Priesthood and have sufficient spired missionaries to go to the Sought substance in a world of fleeting moral strength to honor it—women

darkest depths of Africa, in none of shades. who cherish virtue and truth as they

prize their discovery, science, and men realms ofthe lives—young the Pioneers on or "Newstatesmanship, war was He con- "Never was there a time in the women,

sidered great. In the realm of charhistory of the world,"states March,"who believe in God, have

acter, however, He was supreme. Mark Hopkins, "when moral faith in His laws, confidence in His

In this realm every youth heroes were more needed. The Fatherhood and who find solace

throughout the land may succeed. world waits for such. The proviand peace in His love, who ever

You may possibly fail in a chosen dence of God has commanded cherish in their minds what the profession. Fate may drive you science to labor and prepare the way Lord designates as a new commandhard. Sickness or accident may for such. For them she is laying ment: "I, the Lord, am bound when

frustrate your purposes. Your her iron tracks, and stretching her ye do what I say, but when ye do

hopes may fade as you form them, wires and bridging the oceans. But not what I say ye have no promise."

but nothing outside yourself can prewhere are they? Who shall breathe God bless the Youth of the

vent you from keeping true to moral into our civil and political relations Church with power to live in acstandards! the breath of a higher life? Who cordance with the Gospel, I pray in

Admire the goodness of Almighty God, shall touch the eyes of a paganized the name of the Lord Jesus Christ,

He riches gave, intellectual strength to few, science, and of a pantheistic philAmen.

TAKE /TA$y

1//VSURPASSED.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Jonah's Unique Journey

SOLUTION OF JUNE PUZZLE "But Jonah rose tip to flee unto Tarsbish from the presence of the Lord,

H 1 N T U G K the fare thereof, and went down into it."—Jonah 1: 3. 8 $ 8 and went down to foppa: and be found a ship going to Tarsbish: so he paid 8* P T V R E M N R

5 S 5 E 'A E L P o a M E 5 i r E R 1 (M E XV G: R I N S

s E N s T A A w D $ $ s E -R E B A T A R $ i $ 1 A s V c c E M E T E R A 2 n T | A N D $ Y B E H L D XX A E N

1, s s E R R E a 1 $ N c p o A $l DA T i R $

E L N A R H A $ G E R E A G i M # $L A T Si

ACROSS

1,. the word of the Lord came 36 "Let neither man nor beast, herd

unto Jonah"nor flock, taste... thing"

Astern 37..."38 John is one (Word to tk 47 "and"from...the presencelot fell uponof theJonah"6f 11 Theme 39 Measure

'less least the than 15 shipmaster "the of all..."42 came. him"Summer Jjriae 13 "to beg I am..."41 Sunday School 'I shall "strain be 17 moved"at a gnat, and..... 43... a

18 "because he... told them"camel"

..."oil lent (anag.) 47 Softening; me

.. like to "the ship. be broken"Be sure to see our beautiful, in2319 Our"the place... iswhich"Jonah'sI haveUnique Jour49

expensive line of Wedding An24 Cityney"east of Bethel; animal 5251 LikeFemininea certainnamefish

nouncements and Invitations. 25 "... thy mouth wide"53 "Take me..., and cast me forth

27 Romans is one (abbr.) into the sea"

Here you will find a complete 28 "Whither have ye made a..."54 "And... was in the belly of the

fish three days and three nights"assortment of wedding station31 "there(Pi)was... mighty tempest '55 Salvation Army

ery, the latest and smartest. 32 "ButwindtheintoLordthe sea"sent out a... Our Text from Jonah is 1, 4, 7, 18,

34 "And the Lord spake unto the..."19, 31, 32, 34, 42, 43, 53, and 54

PROMPT, COURTEOUS 35 Third king of Judah combined

ATTENTION DOWN Call or write today 1 Another famous sailor 26 "the harvest is..."

2 Narcotic 29 Garbage 3 Bend 30 Islet

Domestic 6 "and he lay, and was fast..."slave 35

7 Fluid rock animal Che Jseswet Oxtews 5 Exclamation 33 Animal in a mountain 39 Sea 8 "Now an.. is the. tenth part 40 The collection of Biblical books

of an ephah received as genuine and inspired ress.. 9 Peruses again 41 Counted among the unclean birds

10 Some ministers have this 23 across in Lev. 11: 18 (pi.)

29 Richards Street 1 Tensile strength 42 Balsam

Salt Lake City. Utah 141 CalciumNew Englandsulphide;state raphe (anag.) 4443 Note"Whatin shallsinging... do unto thee"

Pioneer printers and binders of the 2016 Anger"when I come again, 1 will... 4546 Army"our lipsofficerare our..."

West thee"48 "The waters compassed... about,

21 "his..., and his spoons, and even to the soul"

his bowls"50 "the... ceased her raging"

446 22 "Arise,... to Nineveh"52 Exclamation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1941

EXPLORING NATURE (Concluded from page 404) wide, sympathetic understanding of until quite a general knowledge of the powers which underlie life.

natural history will be obtained. Hand in hand with actual obFor the artist, as well as for the servation will go the desire to read

ardent naturalist, both a sketch books on the subject. Books of

book and a camera will offer much exploration will find their place on pleasure, and serve as an accurate the shelves together with the everrecord of many delightful scenes popular works of that great naturalwhether they be of landscapes, speciist, Jean Henri Fabre, whose exmen trees, or wild animals. plorations into the intimate lives of

insects thrilled inspired have and offers seashore much, The a reader. sciengifted too, many Many will interest colthewhich young

in tists fields specialized have had its shells,lector with seaweeds, and specimens of marine life. the ability to popularize their writings to such an extent that even a

Even if one is confined to the very young child becomes absorbed limits of one's own garden, there is and conducts comparable experi- a variety of insect life which may ments.

be studied with absorbing rapture Much can be learned from readand farreaching results if one is ing, but personal observation is the really interested in natural history. thing which will first hold the in- (DqIicwua...

The habit of studying, the trainterest of the average child. It is,

theing of eyes for closer observainterest however, an which should be and now richertion, the recording of facts, and allowed to naturally, develop as and in classification,the systematic work children, most given the opportunity, in nourishmentall tend to develop admirable many desire have to collect livan innate qualities in the individual. A love ing specimens, it is not difficult to Enriched with important vitaof nature, an interest in the activgive them the occasion which will mins and iron. Royal Fine Bread

ities of minute creatures, and a corturn their feet countrywards and provides added nutritive values relation of observations all train the their minds on the path of science of benefit to every member of it's family. the And bread character, giving andmind an which down they will travel happily yourthat everyone enjoys eating beanalytic turn to the former, a and through the years.

of its cause delicious, natural, substantial bread flavor and unsurpassed freshness. Serve this

at every meal. THE EDITOR'S PAGE better bread

( Concluded from page 393 shall greatly enlarge the soul without hyROYAL ENRICHED BREAD

This revelation, as you perhaps pocrisy,Reprovingand betimeswithout withguile sharpness, when all know, was given by the Lord to moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and then

the Prophet Joseph Smith while he showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him thou hast reproved, whom Jail, imprisoned in Libertywas and lest he esteem thee his to be enemy;after to sentenced he had been be That that he may faithfulness thy know

shot, on which occasion General is stronger than the cords of death.

Doniphan defied his commanding

It tells that the have menofficer who said that to kill and the

Priesthood it should not use other leadingProphet and the Morfor Every... FreshDay

mons would be coldblooded murtheir own aggrandizement, and that at Your Grocer's der, that his brigade would withshould they do so they would lose ROYAL BAKING CO.. Salt Lake and Ogden

draw, and if these men were executthe spirit of the Lord and would 100% HomeOwned—100% American

ed he would hold the commanding aspire after the things of this world general responsible before an earthinstead of the things of God.

ly tribunal. The Prophet was sub- I could go on talking by the hour

sequently imprisoned in Liberty about this revelation alone. I love Send the "Era"to your sons

keep them close all of words it with away—andJail and this my heart, revelation—section home. I think but said this to I have enoughone hundred and twentyone—was the

given to him while in that jail. I morning.

want the young people to make I pray earnestly to the Lord that llttlllPIIMllIllllirilltllKllltllltllllllllllllllllllMltlllllttMJIiritlllllllliniMlllffllllllMIMII"themselves familiar with that revethis conference may be a decidedlation, particularly the part that I success and one of the finest we i it tunics have asked them to learn by heart, have ever had in the many years since these first conferences were those are the ofbecause the words MOTOR 1481 LODGESTATE SOUTH started. himself, the and theyLord tell how SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR COURT the I ask blessings of the LordPriesthood should exercised only be Strictly and Modern New

by persuasion, by longsuffering, by upon the officers and the members Air Conditioned in Summer in Automatically Heated Winter I these associations, bless andgentleness and meekness, and by of Beautifully Furnished Floors With Carpeted them by the authority of the Priestlove unfeigned Colored and Tiie Showers, Radios Free hood of the living God which I hold, BETTER THAN THE BEST HOTELS—FOR LESS

By kindness, and pure knowledge, which even so. Amen. mum tmiiiuiiMiiiiiiHiim MiiiiitiiimiimitHiiimiiiiiiiiiiMiHMniiiiiiiiimf

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY A DIFFERENT STORY

We're glad you missed this corner—and we shall try to make Mother: "BiJlie, sit down and tell your little sister a story."

it more helpful than ever. Billie: "I can't sit down, mother. I just told daddy a story."

One phrase that has commonly come into usage among for all the hard Saints deserves a rest Latterday and which to SUCH CRUST Listen the every."phrase "each and done is work it has

yourselves and hear how many times that stock phrase creeps Into a drug store came a woman with a bottle, which she meaninglessly into your speeches or prayers. It is repetitive handed to the proprietor.

and annoying. Preferably you should say "each one"or "Is that all right to take?"she asked.

"every one."The chemist inspected the bottle.

$ "You didn't buy it here,"he said, politely.

CORRECTION about"Oh,it,no.and It'sthoughta nerveyou'dtonictellI mesawwhetheradvertised.I oughtI feltto takedubiousit."

Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Los Angeles The chemist handed the bottle back.

Stake is Mervin L. Saunders, who succeeded John Dalton "I don't think,"he replied, "there is any necessity for you

for the 194041 season. Former Superintendent Dalton instead to take it. There's nothing wrong with your nerve."

of Superintendent Saunders was cited with stake leaders whose

FROM MISSOURI?

Missourians say that their home state stands at the head in raising mules because that is the only safe place to stand.

ANTIDOTE FOR CARE One trouble with many of us white folks is that we haven't developed a working philosophy like that of the fat negro cook down in Texas.

She was asked what was the secret of her calmness and freedom from care. Her reply was thorough and complete:

"Well, hit's disaway. When I sits, I sits loose. An'when

Ah stah'ts to worry, I falls asleep."

LOOK AT THE LABEL She: "I'm going to have to get a new maid."

dear?"He: "Why,

MERVIN L. SAUNDERS She: "She handles China like Japan."

pictures appear on page 336 of the June Era in the article "The Achievements of Another Era Year."The Era sincerely ALL WANT TO LIVE

regrets the error.

<$> Judge: "You are a danger to pedestrians. You will not be

Salem, Virginia. permitted to drive a car for two years."

"But, your Defendant: Honor, my living depends on it."anticipagreat missionaries forward look to the Era with

theirs."does "So it as enjoy much Judge: that our investigators WEtion and find

to get are cases able as we many we do. In subscriptions from DO YOU GET IT? it times. but read a few investigators have who

Shirley Weight. Father (going to football game): "What does 'not transfer-

$> able'mean on this ticket you bought me?"

San Leandro, Calif. Freshman Son: "Why—er—ah—it means that no person

Dear Brother: will be admitted to the game unless he comes himself."

please find P. O. M. Enclosed O. for my year's subscription NOT HIS FAULT Era. to the 1941 Improvement

Mom: "There were three pieces of cake in the pantry and

I am keenly anticipating the information and instruction the now there's only one. How did that happen?"

Era is going to have for us this year, for it is and is going to be Sonny: "Well, it was so dark in there I didn't see the other

an exceptional year and we shall need that "lamp to our feet"piece."

where so much print is rubbish.

Cordially yours, IT CAN'T FAIL

Sarah E. Pearson.

Pat worked at a factory where the staff was encouraged to -<t>- think of ideas for the smoother running of the business.

Lynn, Mass. One day he was shown into the president's office and

Mr. Heber J. Grant, Editor. announced that he had thought of a way of insuring that no one

Dear Sir: would be late in the future.

president. said the progood,"sounds "That do you "How in Library, Public the reading your magazine Lynn While it?"I pose to do that to pleased note greatly no liquor you carried was sir,"said Pat. that's easy, "Sure, in blows "The last man that about cigarette outspoken very were or and "ads"you the whistle."

I liberty the liquor. taking that of sending reason For you am

the in article explaining back how an city of Lynn the "Gay nail,"liquor year MENTAL ALTITUDE business "tooth Nineties,"fought the and after year and often succeeded in keeping the saloon out. Pa: "Well, Son, how are your marks?"

Son: "They're underwater."

Yours respectfully, Pa: "What do you mean, under water?"

Merton Speed. Son: "Below C level."

.. with New LowPrice Tractor

Masterframe Brings New Economy in Mounted Implements WHO'S NEXT? Fits New Future in Beets

pdsiniif The future in this business is and traction to keep your implefor men who can grow a lot of ments working at full depth, and

OF HOT WATER goodIt callsbeetsfor atfast,a lownimblefootedcost per ton. plentymovingofalong.engineYoupowerhavetofourkeepspeedsthem

WITH AN AUTOMATIC power that takes but little time for forward—three field speeds plus a

daily care, loses no time when work fast fourth gear for hauling and is waiting, makes the most of every quick moves. You have FuelMiser

manhour. This bigger, betterbuilt carburetion that keeps the engine GAS 1-2 plow Case "VC"brings you that on an economy ration at all ordinary

at a low price. loads, yet keeps a rich mixture in WATER HEATER kind of power

With Masterframe and a full set reserve for brilliant bursts of power.

of beet implements it actually costs See the "VC"and Masterframe beet

No matter how many calls on you less to own than smaller tracimplements now at your Case dealthe hot water supply, an autotors. That's because Masterframe er's. Write for full information.

matic gas water heater "stays forms the backbone for a whole fleet J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis. or nearahead."It gives you all the of beet tools... twoway plow, est branch.

hot water you want—at any planter, cultivator, puller... all the

time—for any purpose—at a mounted implements for modern

turn of the tap. beet culture. Masterframe saves you

Gas heats new supplies of money on every implement.

cold water faster and at less In the "VC"you have the weight cost than any other automatic Case tractormounted beet method. ratelypullerssteered,are easilyfullyandadjustaccu-

size suction, for of unable enjoy the of width row. and Begin now—to

give wheels gauge Thebeets, convenience surpased and yet of depth, control close economy of a modern autoraisefor fast,cleareasyofturns.the groundSpecial

matic Gas Water Heater. construction of coulters

and supports guards against winding.

GAS FOR THE 4 BIG HOT WATER JOBS BATHING DISHWASHING LAUNDERING CLEANING MORE HOT WATER AT LOWER COST

Ask about easy terms

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Your GAS Company Westward, toward the setting sun, marched that dauntless band of '47 pioneers....::;P:;;;

leaving behind blazed trails and buffalo skull markers of the plains. Pioneers in other

telds have left other blazed trails to follow N... trails, like life insurance, which lead

to security arid prosperity as weJ*4o f journey westward toward Pe*s horizon.

> i

fWf

MJK

ililllll

mirl '%:;,:,;:s-- -"

* "**8|fc> ""ft**

HeSf*,4Qr'an+, Pre* S*lf Lake CHyfc Ut*h