DUCATION THE Y'S WAY

Get a balanced education which provides spiritual growth in addition to the academic and physical. Through its democratic spirit, counseling facilities, and religious activities, BYU

retains all the friendliness of a small college while providing all the advantages of a big university. Plan NOW to attend.

For information write Public Relations Dept.,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY P ROVOUTAH Let these "talking cookies"entertain your family and party guests with gems of wit & wisdom

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

"ffe Men"Are "he men"more likely to be smokers of tobacco than others? A

study by Carl C. Seltzer of Harvard

University reported in Science, December 18, 1959, says no. Harvard

College graduates between 1938 and 1942 were examined and 252 chosen for their lack of visible abnormality.—and when it comes to eating, you'll agree that

These graduates were carefully studied then and their histories followed in an extensive range of subPURITY'S NEW jects for 15 years. The results show

that "smoking is found here to be significantly more frequent in individuals with weakness of the mascuFOfcTtfltiE COOKIES line component."Less masculine

to tendpersons have to an aversion are SUPREME in Flavor fitness in physical lowsports and be for hard muscular work, and are There's good fun for young and old—and mighty good eating

often poor in muscular coordination.—in every bag of Fortune Cookies. Each cookie is numbered,

They also appear to "manifest a greater degree of instability of the 1 to 40, and the matching number on the back or sides of autonomic nervous system"and are the bag tells your fortune. (Don't be superstitious; number 13 is

less well integrated. a good one, too!) Let fortune smile on you as you enjoy

The Blowfly the crisp pecans and rich cake goodness of Fortune Cookies by Purity.

At Rutgers University a blowfly's likes and dislikes have been measured by small wires connected to the leginsect's hairs observing and the At your favoritevibrations of means an oscillobyscope. Tasty food shows as low grocer's a full

amplitude vibrations on the oscillopound only 49$ scope while the fly shows large amplitude vibrations with food not liked.

Electronic Waves The University of California Medical School is doing experiments to find the extent to which electromagnetic stimulation can produce mental, emotional, and hormonal responses, as well as ways of stimulating nerves, muscles, and other body tissues by the same means. Since

electromagnetic waves can be radiated, electrodes do not need to be inserted by surgery.

Purity Biscuit Co., Salt Lake Bowman Biscuit Co., Denver

Divisions of United Biscuit Co. of America

JULY I960 481 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Laiterdau Saints.

Contents for July 1960 Volume 63, Number 7

Church Features

Editor's Page: Those Sculptors Called Thoughts and Ideals, ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

art, Staff, 506507, 481, 508, President David O. McKay 494 Era534, photos, 538, 544; 496, 498,

510512, 502, 504, 530, 532 Lillian Studio,Your Question: Why Do the Authorities of the Church Engage in Business? Walt Photo 494

498501 Wadsworth, President Joseph Fielding Smith 496 Nelson

Dale Kilboum, art, 503504 Lord, Is It I? Sterling W. Sill 502 DaveErnst Burton,Wittke, art,514 510, 512

The Church Moves On, 492; Melcliizedek Priesthood Page, What Should Jerry Goodfellow LorinH. ArmstrongWiggins,Roberts,531 534

Know? 530; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 532.

Special Features

The Unexplored (Cover, photos and article by Nelson Wadsworth) 498

Thirsty Farms of Iran—Part I, L. M. Winsor 506

If You Would Learn to Study You Must Study to Learn, Evelyn N. Wood 510

THE ERA OF YOUTH..Center section, between 512 & 513

Meet the editors of the Era of Youth.. 513

Blessed is the Faithful Teacher, Seth D. Redford 514

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 518, 522, 526

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 481; These Times: The Social Sciences as a

Resource for Administrators, C. Homer Durham, 484; Letters and Reports, 488.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Summer Suppers 534 THE COVER: Freezing Facts 537

Down the siltladen Escalante The Last Word 544 Rivertrampedintoa groupthe littleof Explorerexplored Scoutswildernesson their way to high adventure. Nelson

Wadsworth has caught the Escalante

River expedition at the climax of its journey, for this month's Era cover.

Stories, Poetry (See story, 498 ff. )

Synthetic Security, Shirley Thidin.'. 504

Poetry 509, 520, 526 Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

Editor; Editors; Editor; Elizabeth and Associate C. Josephson, L. Evans, Managing O. Managing David Marba McKay DoyleEditor; Production Editorial Editor; Editor; Pinnock, AlhertKichaiii> Today's Family G. Kinm.ah, L.JohnGreen, Florence MarionJ. D.Moffitt,Hanks,

Editor; youth Directors. Editor; of Associate Art The Era ElaineL. Xoitii The Era of Youth Cannon,i Jr., Research RalphAssociate; and Ed Maivyon,B. Reynolds

Archibald F. Bi-:nnett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Karris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

ThayerJoseph T.Evans,BentleY,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager; Representative.Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snahr, Subscription Director;

Copyright 1960 Inc.. Mutual Saints. of All rights by Funds, the of Christ Associations Latterday published of and Church Jesus by the Mutual Improvement

reserved. Subscription price for year, special a $3.00 in issues. single foreign in except 50c copy, advance; advance; subscriptions, $3.50 a year,

Salt Cilv, Entered Oilier. the Post special for rate Lake 1103. at of provided in section for as secondclass Utah Act:-- mailing postage matter. Acceptance

ot Octoberat 2. 1917, authorized 1918. July

The Improvement a word and must beEraaccompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l'/uc

days'noticeThirty cannotchanges be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * Youth! * Parents of Youth!

* Leaders of Youth! a new Mark E. Petersen book

that points the way..

Toward a Better

Life

MARK E. PETERSEN

Few people inspire youth, parents of youth, and

leaders of youth in such a forceful, vigorous way as

Elder Mark E. Petersen. Here, in one single volume,

is a choice collection of many of his Conference

Addresses and articles that point the way "toward

a better life."Elder Petersen not only speaks on

matters close to youth, but also about temples and genealogical work and other areas of the Restored

Gospel. His style is extremely easy to read, provocative, challenging, downto-earth, practical, but always positive and uplifting.

$3.50

DeseretbiBoohiililiaiiUiin Co.

44 East South Temple Sail Lake City. Utah

Some of the speeches contained in this book are: 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTempleCOMPANY

"On My Honor"SaltGentlemen:Lake City, Utah

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I "Why Mormons Build Temples"have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

for copies of "Toward A Better Life."

"Chastity"... Name "Conformists—NonConformists"Address

. Zone State others. City Residents of Utah include—sales tax. 2V2%

JULY i960 483

These Times YOURE AT HOME...AT SEA!

Crossing to Europe or cruising to vacationlands, you'll feel right at home aboard a Cunarder! Your accommodations will

be spacious, elegant, delightfully comfortable. Your meals, specially prepared

from Cunard's famed international cuisine, will provide a new, wonderful experience in dining. You'll enjoy the interesting variety of shipboard activities...

a chance to meet congenial companions.

flawless, considerate, service will beThe 120 years The Social Sciences as a Cunard's backed bycomplete—

of seagoing experience. Resource for Administrators

GO CUNARD—for widest choice of

sailings, ships, and accommodations to

Dr. Durham G. Homer of by an averageEurope. Yearround—University President, of Utah Vice

three sailings every week from New

York including the Queen Elizabeth and

Queen Mary, world's largest superliners. Administration as an academic voir of ideas from which the adminCRUISE CUNARDfor your choice discipline emerged from the social istrator can draw a practical detail,

of exciting cruise vacations. Cruising or sciences. "Scientific management"or a new view of the big picture of

crossing, Cunard offers a seagoing resort as a core of the contemporary adthe organization in the societal vacation you'll never forget! ministrative process has, also, other universe.

roots. Many top administrators are An administrator carries large reSee your travel agent! "untouched"by academic adminissponsibility for the life and health

tration and may be less impressed of an organization. He is a judge,

with what the social sciences may a decisionmaker, a leader in securGetting there contribute. The rapid development ing willing (or unwilling) and enishalf thefun! Go of social science concepts, techniques, thusiastic (or reluctant) compliance

and their application to industrial, with policies, judgments, and decimilitary, governmental, and other orsions.

ganizations, has brought them to the Administrators exist to "get things center of the administrative picture. done,"to clarify goals, and to faciliEveryone has long since heard "hutate cooperative action from large CUURD man"or "public"relations. As a numbers of individuals. The social

result, more administrators have desciences are concerned with goals, veloped interest in the social science even when describing human expeof organization. rience. Public reactions to organizaAs with engineering, architectural tion effort involve favorable or

planning, some social science techunfavorable value reactions. Adniques are welldeveloped and find ministrators can often discern future

formal place in a modern administides of opinion in social science littrative organization—especially in erature. The social sciences also

staff and auxiliary agencies. Most suggest practical ways of reaching

administrators are not lawyers or selected goals. The normative asconstruction engineers. Yet some pects of the social sciences continuunderstanding of the usages of a ously reveal insights into behavioral

legal or engineering staff is quite improblems, including behavior in orportant. The social sciences offer a ganization. Continuing awareness

similar challenge in some of their of social science methods and findapplications. Their applications in ings is therefore useful "equipment"

economics (statistics) and psycholfor the administrator, although he ogy (personnel) are wellknown. may not have been a formal student

They constitute a rather new reser- (Continued on page 541)

CUNARD LINE 25 Broadway, N.Y. 4 BO 9-5300

210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many. >STr<U iw

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JULY I960 485 There's far more to the beauty of

FARMERS OFTEN SPECIFY REDWOOD because it meets so many of their THE CHOICE OF REDWOOD for school buildings is based on very practical special requirements: easy construction, exceptional resistance to decay and as well as aesthetic considerations, for it provides remarkable versatility, high

insect attack; high insulation; minimum maintenance. insulation and maximum resistance to weather.

Architect: John Lyon Reid, FAIA

4 REDWOOD CONVEYS A FEELING OF WARMTH and simpfe dignity,..

blends beautifully with other, more austere materials such as concrete blocks and glass. Shown at left: Church of Jesus Christ of

LatterDay Saints. Wi/iits Branch, Northern California Mission,

Architect: Earl Taylor, AIA

THIS INTERIOR OF SA W- TEXTURED REDWOOD was left unfinished, revealing all the charming detail in the patterns and swirls,..

taking full advantage of redwood's rich color tones.

Architect: Ward Thomas, AIA

redwood than meets the eye

Aside from the obvious beauty of redwood's rich color tones, decorative patterns and interesting

textures, there are numerous, highly practical reasons for building with this remarkable wood. Certified Kiln Dried redwood resists both time and weather, holds finishes longer than any other wood

or can be left unfinished to mellow gracefully. What's more, the natural preservatives in redwood

heartwood make it unusually resistant to insect attack and decay, even in contact with the ground.

All the wonderful warmth of wood...lastingly yours in redwood.

CALIFORNIA REDWOOD ASSOCIATION 576 SACRAMENTO STREET SAN FRANCISCO CERTIFIED KILN DRIED REDWOOD

Letters and Reports

ence helped in shaping the ideals of our family, in that all were married in the temple.

Eight have filled fulltime or stake missions; one has served in a stake presidency,

four as stake high councilmen, four in bishoprics, and four in Sunday School and

MIA stake boards. Two have been called

as patriarchs. All have served as class

leaders, and all now have the Era in their homes.

Brother & Sister Calvin D. McOmber

and family.

On Eniwetok Atoll in the Marshall resident civilian contractor. No dependents

Islands at the United States Armed Forces or families are allowed in the proving

Proving Grounds for Nuclear testing, there grounds. The LDS group hold four

has been an active LDS membership for meetings a week (priesthood meeting, two many years, although news from this group Sacrament meetings, and a special study has been lacking because of government meeting ). Attendance at meetings is good,

security regulations which have now been considering that some members have to Four members of the Aaronic Priesthood relaxed. come by boat from other atolls. from Montebello Ward, East Los Angeles

The Eniwetok Atoll consists of twenty Since July 1958, there have been five (California) Stake have made outstanding or more small coral islands, some covered ordinations, and since November 1958 fifattendance records at priesthood, Sacrawith lush tropical forests and others barren teen have been recommended for ordinament meetings, and Sunday School. They

of any vegetation, due to effects of nuclear tion. The majority of ordinations take are from left to right:

blasts. Some of the islands are so close place in Hawaii or on the Mainland. One

to sea level that they are covered by the baptism was performed in 1959. W. Wesley Parish, 100% for 6 years;

ocean during high tide. In the picture are (front row, left to Laurence F. Boice, 100% for 6 years; Glen

The native population was evacuated to right): Harold K. White, Emery H. Willes, T. Glancy, 100% for 5 years; Richard U.

more favorable islands years ago at the beEdwin A. Lane, the group leader, Charles Gerber, 100% for 4 years.

ginning of the testing, and thus are not K. Benz. Back row: Stanley A. Madsen, The first three boys have received their

in the Eniwetok LDS group. The group Leo W. Nielsen, Oliver K. Roberts, KenDuty to God Award, and Richard Gerber

consists of members of the Armed Forces, neth E. McCain, John M. Okamura, Charles will be presented his soon. They are all

civilians working for the Atomic Energy R. Schumakcr.—Reported by President attending seminary.

Commission, and those employed by the Harry V. Brooks of the Hawaii Mission. Sincerely,

Elda H. Boice

Salt Lake City Editors: I appreciate what you are doing to proAN ERA FAMILY tive,duce toleranta fine magazine,in views, andwhichbroadis ininformascope.

Cordially, Salt Lake City, Utah Mrs. David A. Shand

Dear Editors: P.S. Sterling W. Sill's articles are the

The Era has always been of prime imbest I have ever read in any Church publiportance in our home. cation.

It... is for our inspiration and guidance. St. Ignace, Michigan

In the strenuous days when the colonists were driven from their homes in Mexico Dear Friends:

[more than forty years ago] followed by The unexpected pleasure of a "contribuweeks and months of unemployment the tor's copy"of a magazine using my work,

Era gave us moral and spiritual support is certain of a thank you—even though

and hope of better days ahead; its influbelated. Not all send them—nor are they

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHO'S RIDING ON YOUR TIRES? Someone worth

the particular care tires get...when you stop for Chevron

gasolines. Whether you need Chevron Supreme or Chevron,

you can count on one of them to give you the highest SUPREME... high -powered premium for

performance your car can deliver. Whatever you drive... all highcompression cars

and wherever you drive... you'll get onthe-road proof that CHEVRON...top performance economy

we take better care of your car! grade for all "regular"users

Standard Stations, Inc. / Chevron Dealers Unsurpassed products and service

JULY 1960 489 expected.... The quality of poems on

is fine. I feel honored to be your pages Fast in the current of inclusion worthy deemed

mm. m publicationcollection. Inis fact,high theandtoneinspiring.of the entireThe

article "Imperturbability"by Sterling W.

life followed, could which, if Sill is a way of Fair

I boast world. the do not revolutionize

when I say that I am finding more happiness in the embracing of the truths herein than in any other sort of life. Turning the

solves problems. We, other cheek many

the far along too have come as a nation % Friendly way of hatred and intolerance. "God

made of one blood."

My "thank you"is getting out of hand.

Cordially yours, Mrs. Ethel E. Mann

Between these two sisters, Shirley and

Laraine Smith, of Northridge, California, they have ten years perfect attendance at

Sacrament, MIA, and Sunday School meetings.

Shirley, who has recently completed her freshman year at BYU, has been active there. At home in Granada Hills Ward,

Reseda Stake, she is a Silver Gleaner, having been successively an Honor Bee and a Mia Joy. A talented musician, she has

served as Sunday School and ward organist. She is a seminary graduate. An honor

student in high school, last summer she won second place in the junior division of the Los Angeles city tournament. Shirley

was a member of the BYU chorus which sang at April general conference.

Laraine has four years perfect attendance

NATIONALLY FAMOUS FOR PERSONALIZED SERVICE centlyat herfinishedchurchhermeetings.sophomore Sheyear hasin highreAnywhere across the country, day or night, rain or shine, a call brings school, and has risen at 5:45 each morning

talents musical seminary. Her attend... interests, cuts red to protects your the He Farmers FAST. help from man

lias She to the Church. freely given are repairs, for details, arranges the delays. handles tape, avoids He class. Like her Maid of Mia president been is for and liberal claims. famous of FAIR Farmers settlement speeds inseveral for qualified sister, has she her find you'll drive, too. claims, you of Wherever FRIENDLY payment awards. dividual

service. personal to give willing Your you and..ready people. of Farmers daughters the are Laraine Shirley and

Farmers Agent is listed in the phone book under Farmers Insurance Brother and Sister Hyrum E. Smith of

Group. Call him now—before your present policy expires. Northridge, California. He is a former

bishop of Redlands Ward, and she is a former Relief Society president.

YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS!

Farmers rates are generally at least 20% lower than most other companies because Farmers insures only careful drivers. Farmers gives Dear Editor:

steadily the to on you I wanted commend allows driving, an of accidentfree for year one 10%* discount a section joke of quality your if car, your improving you qualify. And second your discount on additional 25%

is getting really It Last Word.""The protection provides liability automatically policy auto Farmers times, very at even readable quite now and, motorists. uninsured or hitand-run against quotable.

NOT AVAILABLE IN WASHINGTON Congratulations!

Very sincerely, G. Robert Ruff

David W. Evans Farmers Auto "Symbol o< Superior Service/ Agency

AUTO UFE FIRE TRUCK InsuranceCALL FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

1*1y

fit was all that a soldier could be—

more than the average would have been;

us a scout and Indian Fighter he was brave;

.tis:& missionary he stood true while

sttvdge maneaters were hungering for his flesh. He was among those immortal

spirits that hewed out this commonwealth and left the impress of their noble litres on the hearts of their people."*.

—Deseret News, 1902

BOOKCRAFT, INC.

1 1 86 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

-**"; >,%:*#*> %..< i,:''"

The Church

Moves On

April 1960

Elder L. Flake Rogers sustained as president of East Provo

(Utah) Stake with Elders Russell D. Lewis and C. Edwin

Dean, Jr., as his counselors. The retiring stake president is President Sherman T. Hill.... Elder Grant L. Clove sustained as president of Uvada (UtahNevada) Stake, succeeding President Arthur

J. Barlocker. President Clove's counselors are Elders Garland

Hollingshead and Clinton P. Bowler.

Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson, who is a member of the Council of the Twelve, was among fifty leading Americans honored at a banquet at the WaldorfAstoria in New

York City. The occasion was the twentyfifth anniversary of the

founding of the Research Institute of America, Inc. The evening's

pageant, which was presented on a screen at the back of the dais, was titled "The Living History of the Critical Years: 19351960."

The fifty persons so honored came from the fields of government and politics, international affairs, national affairs, economics and industry, military, labor, and communications.

This week the First Presidency announced the appointment |SJ of three mission presidents: Elder Clement P. Hilton, currently president of the Young ( New MexicoColorado ) Stake,

is to preside in the North Central States Mission, succeeding President Paul C. Child. Sister Hilton will accompany President Hilton

to Minneapolis, the headquarters of the mission.... Elder T. Quentin Cannon is to preside in the South German Mission, succeeding

President John A. Buehner. President Cannon is currently a Sunday

School superintendent, with a long list of lifetime Church activity as his accomplishments. Sister Cannon and two sons and a daughter

The Good Housekeeping will accompany him to Stuttgart, Germany. Another son is serving a

... Elder Stephen C. Richards is to Seal g uarantees mission in West Germany.

preside in the West German Mission, succeeding President Theodore

Rancho's M. Burton. President Richards is bishop of the East Mill Creek

goodness! Sixth Ward. He and Mrs. Richards have five sons and daughters,

the eldest is expecting a call to the mission field, the other children 'Guaronteed 1 will accompany their parents to Germany. There are three mission

Housekeeping.Good *v fields now in Germany, the North German, the South German, and *&*

the West German; in addition, the headquarters of the European

Mission is in Frankfurt a Main.

to the general of of the appointment board The Lila Jameson

Association announced. Mutual Improvement was 'v..:.::;:;::::-.::::: 7 Young Women's

DELICIOUS VARIETIES!

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lowcost, 2-3-plow Diesel

gives you more "doability"famous IH durability!

32 hp* International B-275 outfeatures other And eight speeds forward exactly match power to 2-3-plow Diesels.,.outworks, outsaves them all! the load. This can skyrocket daily work output

The B-275's price tag is low! Fuel savings of up to... slash costs on every farming job.

50% help it pay for itself, fast! But greater "doNew differential lock instantly locks a slipping

ability"is what makes the rugged B-275 the most drive wheel to its groundgripping mate to power wanted Diesel in its class. through tough spots nonstop. Rugged 3-point

Smooth, 4 cylinder directstart Diesel engine hitch handles more 3-point equipment than any delivers 29 drawbar hp for just pennies an hour. other tractor!

*Belt hp corrected to standard conditions

Seven power sizes—lO to 85 hp—with today's widest

choice of models and fuels make it easy for a farmer to pick a Farmall or International tractor that exactly See your fits his needs. All these IH tractors have jobspeeding,

weight extra builtin galore. features Andworksaving INTERNATIONAL service, carefree and operator offor more seasons

comfort that tops 'em all are typical bonus features. dealer HARVESTER of any dealer for a demonstration your Contact IH

and EquipFarm Tractors themselves for in use—Products International pay Harvester equipment. tractor McCormick matched andIH Equipment-..... Construction.... Industrial Tractors Motor Trucks ment... Twine

General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois H

JULY I960 493 The Editor's Page

by President David O. McKay

THOSE SCULPTORS GALLED From the Proverbs we read: Upholding your father's ideals implies fidelity.

"My son keep thy father's commandment, and for- "Forsaking not the law of thy mother,"especially in sake not the law of thy mother: the hour of temptation, indicates moral courage.

"Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie "Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck. them about thy neck"means figuratively the cherish-

"When thou goest, it shall lead thee; when thou ing of high ideals. "When thou goest, it shall lead

sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when thou awakest, it thee; when thou sleepest it shall keep thee; and when

shall talk with thee."(Proverbs 6:2022.) thou awakest, it shall talk with thee"expresses imWhat does this mean, and how may this bit of adpressively the value and rewards of a clear conscience.

vice from the Old Testament be applied in our lives Thus we have connoted in these great admonishing today? Let us see: verses, Fidelity, Moral Courage, High Thinking, or

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THOUGHTS AND IDEALS Peace of Mind as the result of a Clear Conscience, what he contemplated, but the very lines of the poet's

Love is the highest attribute of the human soul, face were also chiseled into beauty by those sculptors and fidelity is love's noblest offspring. To be a worthy called thoughts and ideals.

son or a worthy daughter of noble parents is one of Swiftly do we become like the thoughts we love.

the important duties of life. Disloyalty to righteous Scholars have noticed that old persons who have lived

parents is as reprehensible as disloyalty to God. There long together, 'midst sunshine and 'midst cloudy

is a sacred trust in sonship which should never be weather, come at length to look as nearly alike as do violated. Most children inherit good names, and it is brother and sister. Emerson explains this likeness by

their duty to keep those names unblemished. He is saying that long thinking the same thoughts and loving

recreant to a worthy trust who brings dishonor to the the same objects mold similarity into the features. "Nor

name he bears. is there any beauty in the face of youth or maiden

Moral courage springs from sincerity which, next that can long survive sourness in the disposition or to love, is the unassuming, most substantial virtue discontent in the heart."

of the human soul. Everyone experiences a thrill at a Newell Dwight Hills, writing of The Mind and

feat involving physical courage, but the greatest heroes Right Thinking, says of Jesus:

have won their laurels in manifestations of moral "He strides across the realms and ages, yet always courage. Take, for example, John the Baptist denouncthinking the gentlest, kindliest thoughts, thoughts of

ing the sensual Herod; Peter before the Sanhedrin; mildness as well as divinity. His thoughts were

Paul in a Roman dungeon; Luther at the Diet of medicines for hurt hearts; His thoughts were wings to

Worms; Joseph Smith facing Carthage and martyrdom; all the lowflying; His thoughts freed those who had

and Jesus the Christ before Pilate and on the Cross. been snared in the thickets; His thoughts set an angel

Lord Bacon said: down beside each cradle; His thoughts of the incarna-

"It is a pleasure to stand upon the shore and see tion rendered the human body forever sacred; His

ships tossing far away on the sea; it is a pleasure to thoughts of the grave sanctified the tomb. Dying

stand in the castle window and look down upon the and rising, His thoughts clove an open pathway battle and the adventures thereof; but no pleasure is through the sky. Taught by Him, the people have

comparable to standing upon the vantageground of learned to think—not only great thoughts, but good

truth."ones, and also how to turn thoughts into life."

Today, as always, we need men and women who To have the approval of your conscience when you have the courage to think right, to speak right, and are alone with your thoughts is like being in the to do right! company of true and loving friends. To merit your

Psychologically sound and true as the gospel is the own selfrespect gives strength of character. Conbiblical phrase, "... as [a man] thinketh in his heart, science is the link that binds your soul to the spirit

so is he...."(Ibid., 23:7.) Thoughts mold your feaof God.

tures. Thoughts lift your soul heavenward or drag The admonition in the three verses from the sixth

you toward hell. He who sows thoughts will reap acts, chapter of Proverbs is given not to curtail the happiness

habits, and character; for destiny itself is determined and the freedom of young people, but to enhance

by thinking. Life is won or lost by its master thoughts. both these great attributes of freedom and happiness.

As nothing reveals character like the company we Peace and contentment are the rich rewards of adlike and keep, so nothing foretells futurity like the herence to high principles.

thoughts over which we brood. It is inspiring to know of the devotion of the young

It was said of John Keats that his face was the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday face of one who had seen a vision. So long had his Saints. Our young people are a great, efficiently orinner eye been fixed upon beauty; so long had he ganized, wellequipped army, taking an unyielding

loved that vision splendid"; so long had he lived with stand against disloyalty, selfishness, and sin, and in

it that not only did his soul take on the loveliness of defense of purity of life, righteousness, and truth.

JULY I960 495 Your Question

Answered by Joseph Fielding Smith President of the Council of the Twelve

WHY DO THE AUTHORITIES

Q "Whiledoes notI wasbelongconversingto the Church,with a gentlemanhe raised whothe receivewithout a dependingsalary. 1 on the members. He did not

question. 'Why is it that the Authorities of the Church Abraham, who because of his faithfulness was promengage in business that belongs strictly to the business ised that the blessings of the gospel and the priestworld?'He said this practice is contrary to the custom hood should descend through his lineage to the latest

throughout the Christian world and is so out of times, was a stockman, tending herds and flocks for harmony with the spiritual and religious needs of the his support and the support of those who depended members that it brings upon us universal criticism. upon him. It may be thought that Abraham's conHe also felt that it was wrong and that the Church cern was solely with his family, but a more careful

Authorities should devote their entire time to the reading of the scriptures will reveal that he was at teaching of the gospel and the spiritual welfare of the head of a great company and from it he was the members as ministers do in other churches. This able to muster a force large enough to defeat the inproblem is new to us and we would like to receive vading kings and rescue Lot from them. It was the

the answer."same with the prophets in Israel. We do not read

of any of them being employed with a salary, but

A Theon aideasalarythat andministersdonationsof religionfurnishedshouldbydependtheir theyMoseslaboredto teachwiththetheirIsraeliteshands. toThebeLordindustriouscommandedand

congregations comes out of long practice in the reshow them the way.

ligious world. It was not so in the beginning when All through the ages the Lord taught his people to

ministers labored with their hands for a riving and be industrious and he gave them revelation from time blessed the people by encouraging words and spiritual to time directing them in matters of this kind. The

counsel. In the true Church in ancient times this idea that in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

modern system was not the custom. The fact is that Saints the authorities are breaking the rules and enthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has gaging in selfish enterprises for the purpose of getting

many functions, not merely that of delivering diswealthy, is an erroneous notion. The Lord taught his

courses and giving counsel. From the very beginning people by revelation through the Prophet Joseph

the servants of the Lord depended upon their own Smith, that the members of the Church should be industry for their support. Paul furnished a good industrious and that their leading brethren should set

example of this for he practised his trade as he traveled an example in that direction. It is, however, by divine

from place to place among the members of the Church!Acts 18:3; 20:34. 1 Cor. 4:12. 1 Thess. 2:9.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF THE CHURCH ENGAGE IN BUSINESS?

revelation that the industries among the Latterday criticism which so frequently arises should cease.

Saints have been developed, and their leading men Unfortunately there are those who seem to take have set before them this example. It is by divine delight in offering criticism and in finding fault withcommandment that President Brigham Young and out knowing the true conditions. Perhaps other

his brethren established the first commercial departchurches would be better off, spiritually and temporalment store that was to be found in the borders of ly, if their ministers assisted the members in establishthe United States. Did they do this with the thought ing industries and thus helped them financially to

in mind of becoming wealthy? Verily, no! The probetter their conditions. It can be said also that the

pelling thought back of it was to give employment, officers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday to furnish the members of the Church the necessities Saints, who labor without salaries coming out of the of life at reasonable rates and thus be benefited and pockets of the members, are just as spiritually minded, protected from those who came to sell goods at exhave just as good judgment and wisdom in directing cessive profits. It was by revelation that Israel, in the temporal as well as the spiritual welfare of the

the days of Moses and the prophets, was required people, as are any of the ministers who spend their to build and cultivate the land and be industrious. It entire time in what may be called spiritual counsel.

is by that same kind of inspiration that modern Zion For instance, the bishops of our wards and the presihas been built and prospered. dents of our stakes and other officers give their time

Thoughts, such as these expressed by this gentleman, freely without any monetary compensation paid by come through misunderstanding. Is it not better for members of the Church. It is equally true that the

the Authorities of the Church to receive compensation young men and women who are distributed over the out of these industries and investments than to take face of the earth as missionaries of the Church pay it out of the tithing of the people? I am informed that their own way, or their parents do. We do not have

the General Authorities of the Church are in no way a paid ministry, yet these brethren put in as much paid out of the tithing of the Latterday Saints. The time in spiritual and Church duties, as do ministers

tithes are used for the purposes for which they were of other denominations who devote their entire time, originally intended. The compensation coming from and in addition they are under the necessity of earnthese investments helps to pay for the building of ing their own living by their daily employment in

chapels, temples, and other edifices, thus lessening industry. They do this because they have an abiding

the burden that otherwise would be placed upon the testimony of the divinity of the work the Church people. When the true condition is understood, the requires of them.

JULY I960 497 PHOTOGRAPHS AND ARTICLE BY NELSON WADSWORTH

The campfire blazed and cast shimmering shadows into the blackness of the night. Just below camp, somewhere in the dark, a siltladen brook gurgled, filling the evening silence with its peaceful song. The murmur of a warm wind

rustled the leaves of a giant cottonwood tree standing big and protective over the fire. Stars twinkled in the clear sky, and a full moon popped its head over

the sandstone cliffs on the horizon.

High above the fire the dim shadow of Jacob Hamblin Arch loomed like a huge amphitheater, like nature's own tabernacle in the wilderness. Flickering figures,

projected by the fire, danced on the overhang, and orange sparks flew up and lost themselves in the darkness.

A young man of seventeen walked into the inner circle of the fire. Flames

illuminated his face as he spoke.

"I would like to take this opportunity to bear my testimony,"he said in a youthful but confident voice. "Out here in God's wilderness there can be no

doubt in my mind that ours is the true Church... that Joseph Smith is a prophet

of God... and that God speaks to us today through our leaders."

As the young man spoke, thirtyfive other youths sat in a semicircle around the campfire. Mixed here and there in the group were eight adults.

This was a group of Salt Lake City and Bountiful Explorer Scouts on an

Escalante River Expedition in the heart of the primeval and all but unexplored wilderness of Garfield County, Utah, who paused on a fiftyfive mile hike into "high adventure"to observe the Sabbath and hold regular priesthood, Sunday

School, and Sacrament meetings in the same tradition of their pioneer forefathers who crossed the plains more than a century ago.

Merrill J. Wood, first counselor in the presidency of the University West Stake

and chaplain on the trek, conducted the Church meetings.

"I'm impressed by the conduct of the boys on this hike,"President Wood said later. "We shouldn't call them boys any more. We should call them mature

young men. The eight days we spent in the wilderness is valuable experience

JULY I960 499 for them, experience they will remember all of their The Escalante River expedition hiked down Hurrilives."cane Wash, just east of the Kaiparowits Plateau below

The hike was no picnic. Actually, it was more than Escalante, Utah. Its first encounter with nature was

a hike. It was an expedition in honor of the 50th a hot, desert sun that nudged the heat up near 100

anniversary of scouting in America, celebrated in 1960. degrees and brought the season's first rattlesnakes out

The young men on this trek, most of them from to sun. Down the dry creek bed the Explorers went,

University West, Cottonwood, Wilford, and Bountiful hiking seven miles the first day and camping in the stakes, carried full, fiftypound packs with enough dark under Jacob Hamblin Arch. This beautiful arch,

food and clothing to last eight days in the wilderness. named in honor of the great Mormon frontiersman,

During that time they were completely out of contact missionary to the Indians, and explorer, is one of the with the outside, civilized world. most picturesque in Southern Utah. Relatively unThe expedition hiked through some of Utah's most known to the outside world, it is located on a hairpin

beautiful but rugged country, fording the shallow but bend on Coyote Creek, about eight miles before this swift Escalante River more than two hundred times. tributary empties into the Escalante River. It took the

The expedition coped with 100 degree heat, thunderdelicate fingers of nature a long time to carve the storms, a flash flood, spring frost, and quicksand, beartistic lines of this arch out of the paprikacolored fore the trek ended at historic Holein-theRock on sandstone.

the Colorado River, and the expedition made its way Coyote Creek teemed with wildlife. Fresh cougar

back to civilization. and bobcat tracks were common in the soft sand along

The youths explored the upper reaches of Lake the creek bed. Large, greenishyellow and black frogs

Powell which will soon back up behind Glen Canyon filled the night with a croaking serenade. Some of the

Dam and were among the first to view the pristine Explorers saw deer. Their tracks were many in the

beauty of an area that will one day be part of the wet sand.

vast National Park surrounding the one hundred and After the Sunday rest, the Explorers set out once eightysix-mile lake. The terrain, now accessible only more on the difficult trek. The next stop was Jug

on foot or on horse, soon will be visited by boaters Handle Arch, so named because it looks like a gigantic plying their craft on the placid southern Utah lake. jug handle hanging over Coyote Creek. Here the

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IK*'

expedition paused long enough for lunch and then Expedition hikes down center of Escalante River (p. 498).

hurried on its way because black clouds threatened Explorersleft—ScoutsdisplayinvestigateIndianCoyoteartifacts,Creek.(p. 500).Lower—SundayPage 501—SchoolTop

rain. under Jacob Hamblin Arch. Above—Boys under Skyline Arch.

Camp was made beside the Escalante River under i gigantic Skyline Arch which stands high against the sky above the muddy river. This arch, though not as

artistic as some of the others, is impressive because By morning the angry river subsided, and a blue of its massive size. The entire expedition, standing sky and bright sun greeted the Explorers as they

beneath its overhanging arm looked, in comparison, climbed from their sleeping bags, cooked breakfast, like small ants. and put on their packs once more. The day's destinaThunderstorms hampered progress on the third day, tion was Explorer Canyon.

but the Explorers, like seasoned troops, broke out their Explorer Canyon long ago must have been highponchos and made their way down the Escalante class real estate for the cliffdwelling Moqui Indians

River, crossing it on kneedeep sand bars time and who lived along the Escalante River. Both sides of

time again in the chilling rain. Camp was finally this little hidden canyon are lined with ruins of once

made near dark at the mouth of Cow and Fence proud Pueblo villas overlooking verdant greenery

Canyons. Minutes after dropping packs in the new below. A springfed creek trickles down the center,

camp, a sudden roar thundered down the canyon, suckling beautiful cottonwoods, willows, and scrub followed by an avalanche of water that swelled the oak that make the canyon beautiful. Long ago this

Escalante River to its banks. The expedition, however, same creek irrigated Indian corn or maize and reeds

was high and dry under some old Indian overhangs. used in making arrows. The reeds still grow there,

Apprehension was written on the faces of some of as if cultivated for many centuries by the unseen spirits the young men as they watched the muddy water boil of departed cliff dwellers. Explorers also found evibeneath them... but warm, cooked, dehydrated food, dence of Indian corn in centuries'old cobs strewn on

a few songs around the campfire and an evening prayer floors of crumbling ruins.

bolstered spirits, and there was laughter in camp There were other discoveries in Explorer Canyon.

before taps. Explorers from Wilford (Continued on page 524)

JULY I960 501 Leadership Development by Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Lord, is it I?

One of the last and most important of the mortal Then he made a statement which we ourselves have responsibilities of Jesus was to prepare the twelve for frequently occasion to think about. He said, "... the

the burdens of the ministry that would soon rest upon spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak."(Ibid.,

them. As they were eating the last supper in the 41.)

upper room, the disciples must have been startled We should be prepared to combat this common when they heard the Master say, "... one of you shall tendency toward weakness as it so frequently manibetray me."Matthew says, "And they were exceedfests itself in our human nature. One minute we are

ingly sorrowful, and began everyone of them to say so positive that we can handle any situation, and the unto him, "Lord, is it I?"(Matt. 26:2122.) next we may be falling down on our own most cherBetrayal is a terrible thing, and one of the best ways ished expectations. Peter seemed so sure of himself

to deal with it, or with any other fault, is to dig it at the supper, but before the crowing of the cock, out of the mind and heart and destrov it before it has even he, Peter the rock, the stalwart, the chief disbeen committed. By bringing this matter up before ciple, had done exactly the thing that he had so

all members of the twelve, the Lord may have been stoutly declared he would never do. Without any

trying to get them to do a little real soulsearching intention of doing so, he had denied the Master. We

while he was still with them. The main problem do not know all that happened that night, but Jesus

centered in Judas, but the Master also had a lesson had foretold that all of the eleven would be "offended"for the eleven. For after Judas had left the upper because of him, quoting the prophecy that when the

room and the others had finished their meal, sang a shepherd was smitten, the sheep would be scattered.

hymn, and gone out into the Mount of Olives, Jesus These interesting reactions in the most faithful said to the eleven, "All ye shall be offended because disciples of Jesus points out some of our own dangers.

of me this night."(Ibid., 31.) For we also carry around with us the seeds of all

Peter himself who later became such a great power of the sins. We may strengthen the "flesh"by searchfor good and willingly gave up his life for the Master, ing our own hearts occasionally with the disciple's

here gave evidence of his own need for selfexamina- critical question, "Lord, is it I?"For only by keeping

tion. He said to Jesus, "Though all men shall be in mind our own possibilities to err are we able to

offended because of thee, yet I will never be offended."destroy our mistakes before they are committed.

Then Jesus said to him directly, "... this night before Thomas Carlyle once pointed out "that the greatest

the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice."Peter of all faults is to be conscious of none."That also

just couldn't believe that such a thing was possible. indicates where we are most likely to go astray.

He said, "Though I should die with thee, yet will I Judas allowed the evil in his soul so much latitude not deny thee."And Matthew adds significantly, that it destroyed him. We should be aware of our

"Likewise also said all of the disciples."(Ibid., 3335.) own tendencies in that direction. None of us is free

When they came to Gethsemane, Jesus said to them, from the possibility of sin. Even the chosen eleven

"Sit ye down here, while I go and pray yonder."He had some serious problems. None of them could stay

took with him Peter, James, and John whom he espeawake to sustain the Master, even for that period cially asked to watch with him. Then he left them when under the burden of their sins he was sweating

also and "went a little farther, and fell on his face, and great drops of blood at every pore.

prayed."(Ibid., 36, 39.) It must have added much This liability to err may become very strong in the

to his burden of sorrow to return and find his most best of people if they are not constantly on guard.

trusted disciples asleep. It had been such a short Listen to the confession that the former great Saul

time since they were all professing their loyalty and of Tarsus wrote to Timothy. He said, I was "before

constancy, but they were unable to carry out the a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious; but

Master's simple request to watch with him one hour. I obtained mercy because I did it ignorantly in un502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

belief."(1 Tim. 1:13.) But even though Paul lived one thing at the very moment we are actually about

a good life after his miraculous conversion, yet he to do something else. Peter hadn't the slightest intencould never undo the damage he had already done. tion of doing what he did. But his vigorous declaraNo matter how sincere his repentance, it was impostion didn't hold up even for one night. So frequently

sible to bring Stephen back to life or wipe out the we cannot foretell what we ourselves will do under other injuries. How bitter a thing it is to have to look given circumstances.

back on one's own past and say of one's self, "A We allow the wrong to be committed first and then blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious, such question ourselves afterward. We say, "Why did I

I"ever do such a thing?"Even then, we frequently do

The difference between success and failure in ournot wait for a satisfactory reply. Peter felt so badly

selves may frequently be this ability to search our own after his denials that he "went out and wept bitterly."

souls and repent before the wrong thought has gone Judas also felt intense remorse, but he did not check too far. Certainly many of our sins, great and small, himself soon enough. Then when the priests refused

might be avoided if we were a little more expert in his offer to undo his evil deed, he threw down the bethe art of advance selfexamination. Then we could trayal money and went out and hanged himself. What

dig out and destroy any harmful inclination before a pity he could not have felt this sorrow sooner. Reit had borne its evil fruit. We might with profit regugret and tears have little value when they come so

larly turn the disciple's question upon ourselves and late. Yet how frequently we do our own most conthen insist on some frank, unbiased answers. Periodstructive thinking only after the sin has been comically everyone should require convincing proof of his mitted. We lock the barn door only after the horse

own integrity and the ability to make good on his has gone, so to speak. If we could adjust the timing

own promises. of our regret and feel our sorrow a few hours earlier,

Sometimes, like the disciples, we may be thinking we could head off most (Continued on page 521)

by Shirley Thulin

Kathy Clark pressed her tearstained cheek against had met. She had gone to a medical center lecture

the windowpane. The coolness of it seemed to ease with Rose, a student nurse, and there he was, sitting

the throbbing of her temples. She bit her lips toup in the front of the room with some other internes

gether. She must not give way to her emotions yet... and a couple of doctors. After one of the internes

not until she was back on the train headed for home. had given a short talk, David was announced. He

Fresh tears welled up at the thought of going talked on the importance of a proper diet to busy home... how could she face her mother's "I-toldyou- doctors and nurses. His serious gray eyes kept meetso"smile? What could she tell David? She felt ing hers, and she felt a queer tingling in the area of

she couldn't go home... and she didn't want to stay her heart. When the addresses were over, Kathy

here. A groan of helplessness escaped her throat. went to the front of the room. David turned and

Kathy turned from the upstairs bedroom window looked inquiringly at her, and she felt the warm blood and went to the dressing table to take off her hat rush to her cheeks. She stammered out a question

and earrings. She looked at the girl in the mirror, about his opinion of a certain brand of food supplean attractive girl, with short, brown hair casually ment. He answered her question with much more

curled, and expressive brown eyes. She was twenty detail than was necessary. They fell into easy conand had always thought of herself as being quite versation as they walked past the rows of emptied

grown up—until now. Right now, she felt very seats and out into the cool spring night together. When

immature. he asked her if she had a way home, she indicated

David had made everything sound so wonderful Rose, standing near, and said, when they made their plans. "I'm going to be so "I'm with a friend."

busy with my studies and the hospital routine that "Oh. Well, it was nice talking to you,"he said,

I won't have any spare time for nearly a year."He and turned and walked away. Kathy felt like calling

had told her. "Why don't you go out to Middletown after him—even like running after him.

and stay with my folks? They would love to have For days she could think of nothing but David.

you, and you could be getting acquainted with everyShe thought about his eyes and the way they seemed one, and studying the gospel. You could establish to look right into her soul. She knew how useless it

yourself in my ward so that the day I come home, was to dream all those dreams about him... she

we can be married in the temple."knew she would never see him again, but each time

The gospel means so much to David, Kathy thought, she closed her eyes, there he was... smiling into her

and she smiled wistfully as she remembered how they upturned face.

One evening as Kathy and her mother were doing the dishes, the doorbell rang. Kathy responded, still

wearing her apron and carrying the towel and a dish "First, answer question my important I to me. haven't. been.. it'sablevery in her hand. She opened the door, and there

to eat or sleep."David was! (Continued on page 516)

JULY I960 505 | Iran is the country once known as Persia, and a cable through and was advised to continue, which portion of Media. The area covered is similar to our I did, arriving on December 1, 1941, just six days before

own Southwest. If a line were drawn across northern the terrible incident at Pearl Harbor.

California, then along the south boundary of Idaho The British had just sunk the Iranian fleet and into Wyoming, thence south through Texas to the taken the south half of the country, while Russia took

Rio Grande, and the section were removed, we would the north half. (Iran lies just under the southern

have an area similar in many ways, including size, to border of Russia.)

Iran. We would have the same types of mountains, When I reached Teheran, the capital city, the princiof desert and arid uplands, even a salt lake. pal hotels were filled to overflowing with news

The Elburz Mountain range extends across the reporters, newsreel operators, and others, but within country north of Teheran at an elevation of 12,500 a relatively short time calm was restored.

feet. The north slope has ample rainfall for forests When war came, one shipload of refugees was sent

and for crop growth; but the strip is narrow. The home. I was given the opportunity to go, but the

balance of the area must be irrigated. American Minister asked that I stay. He said, "We

A large corner in the southwest and a narrower need you and, if necessary, you will fly out with me."

strip along the Persian Gulf are dry and hot. But Therefore I stayed, not for one year, but from 1941

there is adequate water for irrigation in several large to 1946.

rivers and streams. At present, however, none is used. During this period I went on many missions with

In 1941 I was Adviser to the King, Reza Shah, to special agents of the United States Intelligence Service.

help Iran solve her water utilization problems. My first official trip was made to become acquainted

Twelve days before I arrived, however, Reza Shah with parts of Iran and to visit an area near Baghdad was taken captive and was removed to Africa where far up the Tigris and the Euphrates rivers, past the site he died the next year. of Babylon and other ancient cities. Then we were

He had been a masterful ruler and was determined taken over the newly developed area by an English to make his country modern, patterned after the West. engineer who had the work in charge. This area had

I was in Bombay, India, and wondered whether been irrigated anciently.

or not I should go on to my destination. I sent a The chief finding was that great cankers of alkali

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Part I

o 7%e Thirsty Farms *v VVSJ /?*

of Iran V

by L. M. Winsor

Former Director General for the Iranian Government

had prevented crop growth on relatively large porcan be given executive authority instead of remaining tions of land. as an adviser, then there is a chance that something

Mr. Atkinson, the engineer, was asked what proworthwhile can be accomplished. Otherwise it is

vision he had made for drainage. better that I go back to America."

He replied; "None. I was told that all I had to Within two weeks the consolidation was effected,

do was put the water out onto the land, the natives and I was made director general.

would do the rest."At the time of this consolidation, most of the limited

On our way through southwestern Iran we had irrigation in Iran was done with water from underbeen held up and robbed by twentytwo bandits, who ground. (As a result of invasion about 500 B.C. when

had dug up their old flintlock guns where they buried all diversion dams were destroyed, the people were them when Reza Shah had issued a mandate that all forced to go underground for water.)

guns be confiscated. When the Shah was taken away, The streams being very small, (one cubic foot

the natives returned to their practice of robbing, each second, sometimes two or two and one half pilfering, even killing when they had the urge to cubic feet a second ). Often there are two, three, even

do so. four ghnats leading to one village. Ghnats (Kanots)

When I returned to Teheran I had concluded that are underground channels dug by hand. They are

three ministries were dabbling with irrigation and given enough slope to make the water run. The

none of them were doing anything. diggers begin at the lower levels where there is land

I went immediately to the Minister of Agriculture that is suitable for development, sometimes as little and said to him: "The irrigation work of this nation as 400 hectares—usually more.

seems to be divided between the Ministry of AgriThe underground channels are tunnels only about culture, the Ministry of Finance, and the Ministry of two feet wide and four feet high, leading to a "mother"the Interior. None of them have any sort of program well at the mouth of a canyon. Sometimes this well

and none of them have men in charge who know anyis as far as twenty miles from the lands to be irrigated, thing about irrigation. Under these conditions it is and it takes many years to dig the ghnat. But the

useless for me to stay on as an adviser. If all three diggers, a man and his young son with one, sometimes

departments can be combined into one, and if I two men on the surface, to hoist the dirt and rocks up

JULY I960 507 VERTICAL VIEW

jO FEET--| U

A "GHNAT,"AN UNDERGROUND IRRIGATION CHANNEL

SHAFT OPENINGS

CROSS SECTION

VILLAGE

:**MMI MOTHER WELL CHANNEL -—yyy.-\-y.-'"y.-y- ':::-.:-;-:-:-.:..:-:--: ''': i'.":.:: rssEss WMWMM0&

through shafts located 150 or more feet apart. These the oxen used for pulling the forked stick that stirs

shafts provide ventilation for the diggers as well as the land before and after planting. This leaves only

an outlet for the material dug. They become deeper 1/5 for the villager with which to feed his family.

and deeper as the work progresses. That is not enough. Hence he is forced to borrow

The "mother"well is dug to water which is found from the landlord. While he is in debt, he is not

150 to 500 feet below. permitted to leave the village. This makes the vilThe diggers approach the "mother"well 50 to 75 lagers virtual slaves to the landlord.

feet below the groundwater level. They encounter When I took over, the Ministry of Finance had a

water long before reaching the "mother"well, after project at Schabankareh, where they had proposed to which they must dig on and on with water dripping divert a small stream to supplement the irrigation of in from the sides and from above, but they must contwenty-two villages in the valley. This had been

tinue in order to intercept enough to make an irrigaunder way for a long time. Many appropriations

tion stream. were made, but very little headway resulted.

When they reach the "mother"well, they dig upThese men were replaced by the new director ward until they reach the bottom of it. general, and the diversion dam and part of the canal

How they calculate so accurately remains a mystery, system was finished the very same year that the for they use only a plumb bob on a long string and a consolidation was effected.

small light for determining direction below ground, Then came the greatest disappointment of all. A

and the surface survey is made with a straddlebug, i.e., plan was worked out which would enable the villagers

a longstraight-board with a long leg behind a shorter to acquire title, over a period of years, to the lands leg in front and a plumb bob for keeping the straightthey were farming, and thus be enabled to live in edge level. Instinct, and long practice has much their own homes. The lands between villages had

to do with it. been included. This made an area more than ten

The digger, who received the equivalent of twenty times that covered before. This plan went to the

cents a day, in 1941, uses a shorthandled digging pick Parliament and was received with apparent goodwill, with only one short, sharp blade. Then he shovels but it was never adopted.

the loosened material into a bull hide bucket. His Literally, there are thousands of villages in Iran.

son drags the bucket back and places it on a hook Some are new, others are in ruin. In some cases

at the end of a rope that leads to a reel on the surface. there are three or more villages built on the ruins of

Then he returns with an empty bucket and exchanges former villages that have gone to ruin because the it for a full one. Thus it goes, day after day, year water supply has failed.

after year until the job is done—then off to another When a new gjmat is made and a new village is

one. built, there is but one landlord. He "passes on,"and

Literally there are many thousands of such underhis sons become landlords. When they die, their sons

ground channels in Iran. inherit the property. Soon there are so many owners

The man who pays for developing the water is they have disagreements. Meanwhile the ghnat or

given the land by the government. He also owns all ghnats cave in, and the water stops. Without water

the huts which are built on the inside of a high wall there is no crop. Hence, desertion.

surrounding a compound. These walls and the huts After a period of idleness the lands revert to the

inside are built by the villagers with their own hands. government. Then comes a man with sufficient money

Furthermore the proprietor virtually owns the villagers to make repairs. Water flows again, the lands are

who come to farm the lands. Why? They pay him occupied, and a new village is built. It is a never-

1/5 of what they produce for use of the water; 1/5 for ending cycle.

use of the land; 1/5 for the seed; 1/5 for the use of Of the several thousand villages in Iran, about 223

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA belong to the crown. Years ago, the new Shah We had traveled part of the way by automobile

Pahlevi, was in America. I had been invited by the then by horseback. The king had a big string of

Imperial Minister of Iran to greet him at an official wonderful Arabian horses, and we spent three days reception in Washington, D. C. I could not go, but on this trip.

I did fly to San Francisco to see him after his vacaThe Larr Dam will be over 600 feet high. It will

tion at Sun Valley. There I spent most of one day save water that now wastes in the Caspian Sea. The

with him at his hotel. After the usual ceremony of top 400 feet or so in depth will be diverted through

greeting, he came directly to the point he had most a tunnel at a low spot in the ridge, thence through a in mind. He asked: "What can I do that will be series of power plants down to the dry, parched lands,

of greatest worth to my people?"Without hesitation east and south of Teheran. Some can be diverted to

I answered: "The crown controls 223 villages. It is the dry lands west of Teheran.

my recommendation that Your Majesty arrange it so Early in 1942 another project, Behbehan, was taken that the most worthy tenants be permitted to acquire over by the new director general of water resources.

title to the lands they farm and that they be permitted It had been dragging along for many years. It conto own the huts and homes they build. Give them a sists of diversion from a stream in southwestern Iran.

chance for a place in the sun, but let them feel that Many tunnels were required to be built to carry the they are earning it. Do not provide a dole of any kind. water through the south rim of the stream and a low

Let them work for what they get."divide into a valley containing 20 villages that were

These recommendations were put into writing and poorly irrigated from ground water through ghnats.

were sent by mail to Teheran. By replacing the former appointees who had been

We discussed many other things and had a wonderapplying government appropriations to increase their ful visit. personal wealth, the job was finished in a relatively

Some time later His Imperial Majesty was again in short time, and an abundance of water was carried

America and passed through Salt Lake. to lands between the villages as well as around them.

At this time he told me that my plan had been put The pumps that had been used in dewatering the into operation, immediately upon his return to Iran tunnels were shipped to Teheran and were made in 1949. As a result, production had stepped up four available for another project.

hundred percent and was still climbing. One important factor should not be overlooked.

He also told me that at long last the "Larr"project is The increased area irrigated produces more income for being carried through. landlords. %

In 1945 I had taken him to visit the site of the Larr Northwest of Teheran a complete dragline from

Dam and Reservoir, the plans for which were nearing America was found still in the shipping crates. It had

completion. He had sent fifty men ahead to pitch been dumped over a high bank where it lodged on the

camp and to have everything ready, including a big steep slopes below.

catch of rainbow trout. After receiving per- (Continued on page 528)

RECOGNITION

by Ruth Randall They walked ahead of me—a man and child—her tread

In double time to keep pace.

And when, in weariness, her steps would lag—

His shoulders formed her favorite resting place.

Their words, bright punctuation to the wondrous things

They saw, winged back to grace my jaunt.

Companionate and sweet their happiness,

His love, her love. No more a child could want.

No stranger, I, to these who walk and find

The first spring bud; the maples'scarlet trim;

Or climb the paths of truth and makebelieve

Through story time, her heritage from him.

I closed my eyes, remembering a father who "Had time."So clearly you were there—

That suddenly the surge of loneliness

Seemed more than I, a grownup child, could bear!

JULY I960 509 Ifyou would learn to study

You must study to learn

—Evelyn N. Wood

One who has been trained in the techniques exHere in Washington, D. C, we have a college freshplained in the previous articles of this series should man who studyreads a chapter in an anthropology

be able to read novels, short stories, newspapers, and or a sociology textbook on an undergraduate level popular magazines at speeds from 2,000 to 10,000 words almost as fast as she can turn the pages. She is able

a minute. He should find this experience exciting to explain the meaning, the content, and the purpose

and highly rewarding. But studyreading is someof the author well enough to satisfy her own needs

what more complex. It requires more time for and those of teachers in the field who have questioned

achievement of such speeds and must be aided by her.

certain additional techniques. Otherwise such a An English professor, who teaches in one of the

person may find himself reading at his former slow nearby universities and who intends to study for his speed and rationalizing with himself by saying, "I Ph.D. at Oxford University this fall, finds enjoyment

just had to get everything out of this. I didn't dare and satisfaction reading material in his field at better

read it fast."than 5,000 words a minute. He gets more out of what

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he reads and remembers it better than he did at ing at a building under construction. Its organization

slower speeds. is easily and immediately seen, and the relationships

A lawyer with his master's degree from an ivyof its spaces and its supports are obvious from the league college finds it profitable and satisfying to outside.

read material in his field five to ten times faster than To read a textbook, a person must train himself to he did six months ago. search out the complete bonystructure of the chapter

The first reaction of someone who can't read this or article he wishes to read. This represents a new

rapidly is to say "it can't be done."But many people pattern for looking, for seeing. New patterns of

are doing it—satisfactorily for themselves and acmeaning are also evolving. The mind goes quickly

ceptably for the schools they attend. but painstakingly down the pages sorting out the reStudy-reading differs from other kinds of reading in lated ideas and examining them closely in the light

(1) purpose, (2) methods, and (3) demands. You of previous experience. Such ideas assume meaning

studyread to master the basic concepts and in order directly in relationship to their position in the bonythat you may learn useful information. You studystructure. Because everything in the chapter fits into

read to become familiar with fields of thought, to keep a form that is evident from the beginning, and beabreast of the events of the day, to gain delicate shades cause all the materials expand the meaning, explain, of meaning or of depth. In short, you studyread in and illustrate the bonystructure, the entire treatise

order to master the material and remember it. becomes meaningful and understandable. Because

The method used for studyreading is a systematic, the whole structure can be understood and has cohesive carefullyplanned procedure for going after substance, meaning, it can be remembered.

background, and details at a level you have established Any textbook has special builtin devices to help for yourself. Studyreading demands sharp thinking. the student learn the information. If he follows these,

It is active. It doesn't go on as you sit in an easychair and others suggested in the bonystructure, he has

relaxing while the story unfolds before you. Study- a good chance of getting the most possible from the

reading at fast speeds demands real effort, and it exmaterial he wishes to learn. Laboratory experiments

acts proof that you know what you've read. affirm that students who have a specific amount of

Though studyreading techniques may be applied to time to study, whether this be fifteen minutes or five any kind of material you may read, we usually think hours, generally make better scores on their tests if of textbooks, professional journals, and theological they spend at least half their studytime in reflective writings as studyreading materials. These tend to thinking. It is more difficult to think than to read.

be more difficult, more complex, and more technical. Yet many people do not consider thinking to be a

They often embody specialized vocabularies or jargon, vital part of studying. The test does not ask how

and they are not characterized by a story which leads much time a person spent in reading. It merely

the mind from one image to another. checks how much he can tell back. Curiously enough,

Getting the thought from a textbook at fast speeds few people spend much time doing anything but is different in several respects from getting the thought reading when they are preparing for an examination.

from other kinds of reading. These differences inBefore effective studyreading can begin, the bonyvolve establishing new patterns of seeing, establishing structure must be set up. The framework must be

new patterns of meaning accompanied by a new way erected so that what is read will have meaning, underof thinking. Thereby the whole and all its parts are standing, and relationship. The foundation must be

quickly seen, efficiently understood, and effectively laid and the purpose for the reading announced. Then

remembered. Otherwise one loses his way and must the depth of the research, the thoroughness of the

work at a snail's pace. reading, and the results to be achieved can be drawn

In a novel, for example, the continuous development into the plans. Much time and energy has been wasted

of a theme involving characters, setting, and action is by doing too much or too little, by planning that is easily visualized. The thoughtrelationships, like the too shallow or too deep. Nietzsche, the German

spacerelationships in a building, though not immephilosopher, observed that "The most stupid thing diately perceived, are discovered when one goes in- a man can do is to forget what he is trying to do."

side and looks. Studyreading, on the other hand, may The corners of the foundation are laid on such mateor may not be continuous in development. It frequently rial as checking the title for clues, checking the auconsists of ideas and events which, to be meaningful, thor's former writing to determine his slant or

must be purposefully related to one another by the philosophy. A look at the preface, to learn the aureader. He is aided in perceiving them by examining thor's reasons for writing the book as well as what he

outlines, chapter, section, and paragraph headings. A is trying to accomplish and how he intends to do this,

glance through a section of most textbooks is like lookare deep roots that flavor the whole nature of the

JULY i960 511 structure. A look at the contents, to find the item the chapter to be studied. It brings into focus the

you are interested in reading about and to be aware material to be examined and evaluated.

of what precedes it as well as what follows it, is The first step in effective studyreading has to do usually very helpful. A look at the available headwith the bonystructure—in this case chapter I of

notes, summaries, and questions at the end of the the text being examined. On a large sheet of paper

chapter brings the student a step nearer the reading write the first black heading under the title and leave process. about two inches space. Then write the remaining

The chapter of the textbook to be studied is next headings, leaving space between each one. These

surveyed. For purposes of illustration let us examine headings will appear something like this:

together a chapter from the textbook entitled, The

Story of Nations. Feudalism Became the Pattern of Life in Western

The contents lists, in proper order, the different Europe parts into which the book is divided. The title of

each part is a statement of what will be discussed Charlemagne builds an empire.

in the chapters listed under it. Since chapter I in 1.

part 7 is the way the chapter selected is listed, this 2.

chapter will be illustrated. Part 7 has four chapters. 3.

These are listed as follows: 4.

1. Feudalism Became the Pattern of Life in Western Europe. Charlemagne established schools—and established

2. The Life of the Castle Was Supported by the modern European nations.

Toil of the Serf.

3. A Strong Church Held Sway in the Feudal 1.

World. 2. 4. Towns, Trade, and Travel Helped Weaken 3.

Feudalism. 4.

As soon as the student sees the bonystructure of the entire part 7, he begins to understand better what Europe again sank into disorder.

part each chapter is trying to convey. He can see, 1.

before he begins to read, that one chapter explains 2.

the beginning of feudalism, that the next chapter out- 3.

lines what feudalism really is. The third chapter 4.

reviews the predominant role of the Church while the fourth chapter deals with the impact of towns, The weak sought the protection of the strong.

trade, and travel upon feudalism. 1.

This brief survey of the subject enables the student 2.

to understand in advance many things about the 3.

section as a whole and the particular relationship of 4.

The vassal owed definite duties

Retention for Various Combinations of Reading and SelfRecitation to his Lord.

Percent of Nonsense Percent of Meaningful 1.

Percent Material Remembered Material Remembered 2.

of Time 3. of Time Four Test ImmeTest Four ImmeTest in Test Spent in Spent diately diately Hours Hours SelfReading after after following following Recitation The Holy Roman Empire was Study Study Study Study

established.

100 35 15 35 16 1.

80 20 50 26 37 19 2.

60 40 54 28 41 25 4.

40 60 57 37 42 26 5.

20 80 74 48 42 26 The sight patterns have now been marked out, the meaning patterns

T. L. Engle, Psychology—Its Principles and Applications, p. 373. have been established, and you are

Copyright by World Book Co., 1957. (Continued on page 524)

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY I960

The Era of Youth

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

t.:r Some people seem to think that pioneering and exploring and adventuring are finished, that the world is "on the brink,"just

it over. Some seemingly suppose (and unmy young frtends holding still for the explosion that will push

the future awaits you! It is yours! If fortunately their attitude is contagious!)

you would end strife and bring peace that there isn't any use in planning or preto yourselves and to the world, you paring.

have campaigns to organize and Youth knows better!

conquests to achieve. These are camYoung people know that many great

paigns planned for the establishment books haven't yet been written, the best songs haven't been sung, the best planes are notof justice—these are conquests of

the soul. Whether it is better to yet engineered, the roads for the future

walk along the easy road of selfishhaven't been built. They see the Church

ness and indulgence than to strive growing amazingly. They have seen a misthrough selfcontrol and service for sionary teaching program develop in the last

the realm of spirituality, you must few years that is bringing wonderful results.

decide. "Whether it is better to They know that this is a good time to be

serve God than man, judge ye."alive—a great day

All the good things of all past ages are—David O. McKay

THE ERA OF YOUTH

for youth

here to be enjoyed and built upon. Great One of the things that will help you most

advances lie ahead. In medicine, science, is an appreciation of how important you are

space, human relationships, and in man's—not in any arrogant, proud, "big me"

spiritual search, the frontiers are expanding. sense, of course, but humbly because you are

The young are preparing! They know a choice child of God, a fine human being

that the adventures ahead will require with a pattern all of your own which has trained minds, strong bodies, sound nerves, never been exactly duplicated and never will disciplined emotions, courageous hearts, and be. You are not just like any of your friends

spirits prayerfully and humbly in tune with or family or anyone else. You have abilities

Almighty God. They will be ready! and resources that are very valuable and

greatly needed and the opportunity and reThe "YOU"in Youth sponsibility to develop them. You matter

But youth is you! How are things with very much for what you are, and for what

you? you are going to be.

We know that you know that worthwhile lives, like good buildings, must have sound The Most Important Thing foundations, that the job of building your If we were in a classroom talking about foundation is mostly up to you, and that the things that are important to every young time to be putting the materials together is person and someone asked, "What is the now. most important thing in the world"—what

JULY 1960 would you say? Would you say the gospel? and strength and integrity upon which he

Or the Church? The priesthood? Very likerelied when the moment of crisis came. He

ly these answers would be offered, and somehad decided in advance what he wanted and one in the room would surely suggest that how he would act. He didn't have to stop

the most important thing in the world is the and weigh the issues—there was no time.

individual child of God. And isn't this the He acted, and with extreme courage, because

answer? The gospel is God's plan to guide he had prepared himself so to act when the

his children toward their highest possibilitime came.

ties here and hereafter. The Church is the

institution or organization established on the Kinds of Courage earth through which individuals may particGreat physical courage is impressive, but ipate and serve. The priesthood is the power there are other kinds of courage which bring

God delegates to man to function in his name results that are sometimes even more sigand officiate in the ordinances of the gospel. nificant. Moral courage, the courage to be

The objective of them all is to bring about honest and honorable and virtuous in spite

God's purposes for his children. In the Book of pressures or temptations or circumstances,

of Mormon we read that the Lord created may require as much or more real strength the earth for his children to live on. (1 and may have even greater consequences in

Nephi 17:36.) The scriptures also teach us the lives of others. The decisions you make

that his "work and glory"is to "bring to now are important to your family, friends, pass the immortality and eternal life of your community and country, and to your man."(Moses 1:39.) Heavenly Father. And while it may seem

How about Others? quite far away to some of you, it should be

said that you are also extremely important

Each individual is important also because to those who will one day call you father or of his influence in the lives of others. Most mother. The choices you make are in a

of us know of incidents where an act of sense their decisions, too, because they will courage by one person saved the life of anbe greatly affected by the course you set for other, or perhaps a number of others. In the them.

Talmud is the statement, Are you making wise decisions? Are you

"If you save one life it is like saving a making preparations for a happy, construcwhole nation."tive adulthood?

This is literally true. I have often reIf you are going to be ready to meet the

called the story of Sergeant Henry "Red"marvelous challenge of this great new era

Erwin, a crew member aboard a B-29 Superof choice and change, you must recognize fortress in World War II. Though he was your limitations and your need for Almighty

badly wounded, Erwin picked up a burning God. Reach out beyond yourself for spiritual

phosphorus bomb with his bare hands, carstrength. Learn the virtue of service and

ried it to the pilot's compartment, and threw the holiness of prayer.

it out of the airplane into the ocean—a bomb

that had exploded prematurely inside the You, Now!

plane and was burning at 1300 degrees FahFine young man or woman, take another renheit, 1,088 degrees hotter than boiling look at yourself, at what you are and want water! At the cost of tragic injuries that to be and can be. Realize that this is a time

permanently disabled him and caused terof unequaled demand for physical and intelrible agony, he saved the lives of eleven other lectual readiness, and for the spiritual and men who returned home to their families and moral strength without which the rest is not occupations and opportunities. enough. See yourself as important, purposeSergeant Erwin was a prayerful, deeply ful participants in one of the most crucial

religious young man. The eleven men who and challenging times in history. Get the

lived because of him—and all of their despirit of Theodore Roosevelt's great statescendants who live and will live because of ment:

him—owe their lives to the fact that long "Aggressive fighting for the right is the

before the actual incident occurred Henry noblest sport this world affords."

Erwin had built within himself the faith Be happy! Get ready! Go to work!

THE ERA OP YOUTH

toe. ma

Pfa// Whitman

Your generation seems to have found the happiest combination of work, play, achievement.

getting to know you From all over the world the good word whelmingly to the fact that a truly outstandcame. Letters, stacks and stacks of letters ing teen is more than a sometime thing in

fat, newsy letters, bulging with photos and LDS circles. We have more than our share

clippings, all about you of student body officers; an amazing amount

of scholarship winners, speech finalists, talThey told of your comings and goings, ent trophy holders, queens, allstar athletes, your achievements and awards, your talents budding scientists, too.

and training, your leadership and service, With this kind of record plus clean living, and not the least of these, your goodness. getting to know you is everyone's pleasure.

Sum total of this information points overHerewith, a sampling of your kind of people.

DeLAMAR HOLT, JR., of

Bonneville Ward in Salt Lake City is winner of the first Homer

C. Warner YMMIA athletic

sportsmanship activities award, according to the general YMMIA superintendency and the athletic committee.

Elder Holt has participated in

MIA Softball and basketball since 1953. His ability as a hitter

and shortstop in Softball and his scoring prowess in basketball have helped Bonneville win several stake and divisional titles.

He also has aided in coaching softball.

He is agegroup assistant in the

YMMIA superintendency in his ward, as well as being assistant ward athletic director, member of the elders'quorum, teacher of the priests'quorum, a faithful ward teacher. He goes to the

temple regularly, plans to teach seminary, and has served on a mission to England.

This memorial award which is the same trophy as is given to the allChurch sportsmanship winner is sponsored by the Warner family in honor of one of Utah's famous athletes, "Pug"

Warner, who was prominent in the development of the MIA athletic program.

Homer Warner was an allaround star at the University of

Utah, member of Utah's first national championship basketball team, respected official, MIA leader and college commissioner.

His life of service makes him an inspiration for this YMMIA award.

THE ERA OF YOUTH

MARION STEWART... Las

Vegas Stake teen with individual

MIA awards, Silver Gleaner award, and a long list of memo- \ riesfestivals.from Liveneddance LDSand Branchdrama

activities while an exchange student to Germany. Edited year

book and attended Girls'State.

*''"Collects silver spoons and genealogy.

i""

DONNA JAUNITA RIGGS... beautiful and bright, with title of

Miss Arizona and scholarship awards to prove it. Hails from

Phoenix where she's an active Church worker, with Golden Gleaner goal not far away. Listed in Who's Who in American UniversiBRUCE L. MORGENEGG... AAV

ties. Competed in Miss America Pageant and in National Drill rope ace from Denver, Colorado.

Team sponsor contest in Washington, D. C. this spring. Held Has his Duty to God award, a

numerous student and class offices, with special activity interests drawer full of gymnast medals, and in swimming and drill. Suggests teen girls be moderate in dress talent for accompanying himself on

and makeup plus developing true beauty from within. the guitar.

JULY I960 (And How Not to Succeed in It)

. Til dump the trash 12 Right over here.

'Bet they won't find it For a year.

I'll tend your kids—

Can't mop the floor, Might spoil these clothes He tossed the "news

Which I adore. Into the air—

It fell to earth;

He knew not where.

I have a game To play tonight But you can do Without me, right?

{Right!)?ML=

So sorry, boss, I missed my bus I'm just an hour Late, why fuss?

THE ERA OF YOUTH

I am beginning a new life. For

nearly eight years polio has left me confined to a wheel chair with only ten percent muscle restoration. To me this

is a new life because I understand why

I am afflicted and what my mission is in this life. I realize now how wonderful the blessings which are taken for

granted.

Have you ever thought what a blessing I grew more and more discouraged beit is to breathe? Well, I didn't until I was cause I could see no progress was made. In

imprisoned within an iron lung for weeks my room one day, I heard a voice saying, and weeks. I vowed that if I ever could "It won't be long now."Then all was quiet.

breathe alone again, I wouldn't ever take I thought a long time then called Mother one breath of air for granted. I'm so happy to my room, telling her not to feel bad about

that after all I've been through, I can breathe what I was going to say. I told her I wouldn't

by myself. A newfound gift God has given walk or be well again! Dear Mother, she

me is peace of mind. With peace of mind knew. The week previous, she said, she

God is with me and when he is with me, I had borne her testimony in church and told cannot fail. the people I would never walk again; but it

When I think of all my blessings, I am was for a purpose.

greatly humbled. God gave me eyes with When I received my Patriarchal Blessing

which to see; he gave me ears with which the Lord promised many wonderful things;

to hear; he gave me intelligence with which but only if I accomplish my mission. He

to reason. With these gifts I can see the sent me here for a purpose and that is to

wonders of nature and hear the beautiful make people happy and help them to realize music I love so much. I can read a book all they have to be thankful for.

and understand. God gave us great gifts we Even with only ten percent of my muscles

all recognize; but in order to be truly thankrestored, I have been blessed to do all I

ful, let's remember the smaller ones we somecame here to do, but it has not been easy.

times forget. I have had to work very hard to make these

Eight years ago when I was stricken muscles work. I have been blessed to develop

with polio, I knew, just positively knew, I my ability to draw and paint. I can play the

would be well again. Nothing could change lovely church hymns on the piano when my

my mind. For all those years I had that arms are propped up. I have written a book

faith. With heavy braces I walked the length about my eighteen years of life, and about

of my bars which were twelve feet long. the testimony I have gained.

I was completely exhausted after maneuverPatsy Mitchell,19 ing awkwardly along for an hour. Orem, Utah

JULY 1960 What's the gayest thing on wheels these days?

People... pedaling their way everywhere as part of the bikeriding craze happily sweeping many a country. And this is

one act you'll want to get in on. So...

Rally 'round the bike, teens! Have yourselves one wonderful time at a Bike Basket

Banquet. Fun for a foursome or a family;

a couple or a crowd—from New Zealand to

New York; from Alaska to the Argentine.

It can be as simple as a spin around the park with lunch under the nearest shade tree. Or it can take on the excitement of a

treasure hunt, the novelty of an "historic spot"tour with party goers giving pre10 THE ERA OP YOUTH

pn

K,

"Hr V 9 fc,

-m

...

i k r t

by Elaine Cannon

assigned topics on the background of each stick candy they select. You take it from

place. there with some of your own ideas.

But whatever you decide, whomever you Pedal picnic food should be palatable and invite, you'll want to do some advance planpackable. Tuck it in foillined checkered

ning. Check the roads zoned for bike wheelsquares which can double as individual place

ing, the areas open for picnics. mats later on. Fried chicken is the perenConsider gimmicks to provide mixmatch nial favorite, but hot dog buns scooped and

methods for riding order along the way. You stuffed with ham salad mixture prove just

might give each guest a map of the course as good eating and are easier to prepare.

to be followed, with instructions for changPlenty of crisp relishes, fresh fruit, chips, ing about indicated along the route. For cupcakes, and a jug of juice offer cool acinstance, at the first rest spot, everyone might companiment.

shift position to ride according to the order Polish up the old twowheeler, line up the of birthdays. Next time, the "last shall be funloving folk in your circle who have a

first!"At another stop, pair off the riders hankering for something different to do, and

by matching flavors of chewing gum, or pedal away on a picnic you'll never forget.

JULY 1960 11

LIKE TO

KNOW

What's New... this youth section for Question

YOU... for one thing. Geared to your Many of the students in our school are

likes and your longings, it becomes truly wearing a cross around their necks. I have

yours when you have your say. heard that they are doing it in other places,

So sound off, hmm? also. Is it appropriate for members of the

Church to wear a cross as jewelry or as a

Ticking for Togs fad?

... the kind that

usually adorns matAnswer tresses and feather Members of the Church of Jesus Christ pillows takes a new of Latterday Saints do not ordinarily wear shape, these days, crosses as jewelry.

in the form of tabIn the Church we have frequent opporfronted shirts for tunity to partake of the Sacrament as Christ fellows, Jamaicas instituted it at the Last Supper, and thus and jumpers for we remember him in the way he taught us girls. Buy it by the to do.

yard for your own Christians understand the significance stitching stunts, or of the suffering and sacrifice of the Lord in in ready -towear bringing about the atonement, and many items. Cool, crisp, look upon the cross as a symbol of the events

chic... and cheap! of Calvary. The cross has also come to be

associated in many minds, however, with

Funds for Fun... come rolling in when membership in certain religious organizathe cause is just and globetrotting teens of tions which use it widely in various forms

the Church are doing the ingenious work in their ritual and buildings and homes.

to help pay their way to MIA camps, Scout The Church has followed the teachings of jamborees, ward teen trips. Operating on a Christ in partaking often of the bread and

"Tuna for the Trip"platform, a Salt Lake cup as symbols of his atoning sacrifice, "in ward paid trip expenses by selling canned remembrance"of him.—M. D. H...

fish to ward members. Elsewhere, dances,

dinners, hamburgers by the sack, and decorated birthday cakes have all proved big

Questionbusiness when given the teen touch.

Some of my friends question whether one should pray before school exams, dates,

The response the editors of The Era of athletic contests, etc. What about this?

Youth received to the new youth section kickoff contest was terrific! Young readers, we'd like to hear your anWinners will be announced at June Conswers to this question. Under what circumference, and some of the entries will be stances should one pray?... and for what

published in forthcoming issues of The Era should we pray?

of Youth. Write your answer to The Era of Youth.

12 THE ERA OF YOUTH Meet the Editors of The Era of Youth

Two great leaders of youth are now editors of the sparkling new youth section of The Improvement Era,

The Era of Youth.

President Marion Duff Hanks of the First Council of the Seventy, and Elaine Cannon, prominent Salt

Lake City newspaper columnist and youth specialist, are both young people's people.

President Hanks, appointed to the First Council of the Seventy in 1953 just over a week before his thirtysecond birthday, is a vigorous, young, athletic leader. From his high school days at West High School,

Salt Lake City, where he edited the school paper, he followed through with athletic interests while studying law at the University of Utah. In 1947 he played on

Marion D. Hanks Elaine Cannon

the 19th Ward, Salt Lake Stake, basketball team which won first place in the AllChurch Tournament that year.

In 1958, President Dwight D. Eisenhower appointed and Beehive honorary societies. During her college

him a member of the Citizen's Advisory Committee years she served as president of the Associated Women on Fitness of American Youth. He also gave one of Students and began her newspaper career. She

the principal addresses at the 1960 White House Conbecame society editor of the Deseret News before her ference on Children and Youth. He is a member of graduation from college and shortly following her marthe National Council of Boy Scouts of America. Elder riage began the daily teen column "Hi Tales"which

Hanks has been active in community affairs having gained national recognition in that paper. She curbeen associated with the American Cancer Society, rently authors a column answering questions on

United Fund, and Sons of the Utah Pioneers. He was youth in the Deseret News and does freelance writing

given the Distinguished Service award and named for national magazines. In 1955 she received a citaoutstanding young man of 1954 by the Salt Lake tion from Seventeen magazine for work with youth.

Junior Chamber of Commerce. Brigham Young UniShe won first place in the classification of writing

versity students gave him the Exemplary Manhood and editing for boys and girls in a daily newsAward in 1959. paper by the National Federation of Press Women in

At the time of his call to fulltime Church duties he 1957. Sister Cannon was also a delegate to the White

was principal of the West High School Seminary and House Conference on Children and Youth in 1950.

an instructor at the University of Utah Institute of ReFor twelve years Elaine has conducted an annual ligion. He has served on stake boards of both the conference for teens and their mothers, called "Seminar

MIA and the Sunday School in the Salt Lake area and for Sallies."It is an opportunity for youth to air probwas a Sunday School teacher when he was just fifteen. lems and share fashion ideas. It draws over 5000

For several years he has been assistant director of the young participants every year.

Bureau of Information at Temple Square in Salt Lake A daughter of Alden J. and Minnie E. Anderson,

City. Sister Cannon married D. James Cannon, son of the

Elder Hanks was born October 13, 1921 in Salt Lake late Elder Sylvester Q. Cannon of the Council of the

City, a son of Stanley A. and Maude Frame Hanks. Twelve and Mrs. Cannon in the Salt Lake Temple.

Two years later his father died, and the widowed They have two sons and four daughters. She has

mother reared him and five older brothers and sisters. served as a member of Salt Lake Stake YWMIA board,

He married Maxine Christensen in the Hawaiian in several MIA presidencies, Sunday School teacher

Temple in 1944. They now have four daughters and and secretary, Primary chorister, and in the Relief

an infant son. Society. Her husband has been a bishop of three

Elaine Cannon, also a graduate of West High School, different wards, and on the high council of two stakes.

was graduated from the University of Utah where she Both Elder Hanks and Sister Cannon know, appremajored in Sociology and was elected to Mortar Board ciate, and love the youth of the Church and nation.

JULY I960 513 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

Blessed Is the Faithful Teacher

by Seth D. Redford

Seminary Area Coordinator, Caldwell, Idaho

Good teaching, does not start in the classroom nor does it end there. A good teacher knows that his

assignment entails much more than classroom presentation. Teachers in every organization have administrative responsibilities much the same as those required

for other assignments in the Church. A "success

formula"for a teacher would include personal "administrative details"as well as "classroom presentation."

In this article, therefore, a few of the added duties requisite to the title, "Good Teacher,"will be discussed.

Exemplary Life

When one accepts an assignment to teach the gospel, he pledges himself to a better way of life. Students

look upon their teachers as vessels of righteousness. when they regularly exercise their assignment. A

Teachers should never disappoint their students in significant way for a teacher to show devotion to the this confidence and trust placed in them. The life Church is to be in the properly assigned place, at the

of a teacher should be a living testimony of his devoproper time, prepared to serve the Lord in teaching tion to gospel principles. The teacher should be the gospel.

thorough in his assignment. He holds in his hands,

many times, the keys which unlock the doors into a Reports new and better way of life for his students. A student Reports are an important part of the teaching asmay stand at the crossroads—a teacher may wisely signment. A good teacher assembles his report

guide him along the straight and narrow way to material all through the period required for the report.

eternal life. Reports should be accurate, complete, and on time.

Each report should be carefully reviewed by the

Spiritual Tools teacher before it is sent in. The administrative proc-

A short time ago the writer heard a story while ess works much smoother when reports are received attending a teacher's faculty meeting which was very without delay.

impressive—a teacher was likened unto a medical

surgeon. Before a surgeon makes his first incision on Libraries

a human body, he studies for many years. He then Teaching is improved greatly by the wise use of

watches older, more experienced doctors perform various teaching aids. Lecturing usually stimulates

operations. When the young surgeon is finally ready, only the hearing. Understanding is penetrated and

the finest tools are assembled, nurses wait upon him, learning is stepped up when more of the human and great preparation is made. If he makes a missenses are stimulated. Teachers should improve litake, his patient may die. Yet, to look at it one way, braries by unselfishly donating to them teaching aids,

only a body is lost and then only until the resurrection. made and found to be useful. Many hours of re-

A teacher, on the other hand, who makes a mistake search time can be saved by a new teacher or, for while making his "incision"upon the spiritual life of that matter, any teacher who has access to a good a student may lose a soul—a spirit child of God. A library of tools. Research time thus saved could

teacher should thus be concerned with what comprofitably be used in improving teaching techniques.

parable training and "tools"are available which will enable him to perform his delicate "incision"upon the Classroom souls of his students. The following are essential Teachers should be aware of the classroom, or physipersonal requisites cal plant, in which they teach. The writer was thrilled,

1. The Holy Ghost to teach, guide, and direct a short time ago, while visiting an early morning

2. A burning testimony, in order to inspire seminary class. The teacher had preceded the stu-

3. A prayerful heart dents, thirtytwo of them, by fifteen minutes. Regular

4. Humility or an attitude of teachableness class time was 6:30 a.m. each weekday morning. She

5. Authority to do his assignment checked her room carefully, laid out her supplies, hung

up a colorful map, set out a picture descriptive of the

In addition to these spiritual needs are the following daily lesson, straightened the chairs, unlocked an more temporal requirements for successful teaching. appropriately placed steel cabinet which contained

orderlyarranged student journals.

Attendance Records Part of the teacher's administrative responsibility

An accurate record should be kept of the attendance includes the appearance and condition of the classof both the students and the teacher. Teachers who room. Temperature, humidity, glare, seating arrangekeep a close watch on student attendance and tardy ment, cleanliness, neatness, pictures, and teaching

records can apply timely corrective measures. A visit aids are a few of the classroom conditions a teacher

by the teacher to the home, or a telephone call at the should keep in mind. The learning process is improved

right time, may save a student who, through indiffergreatly in a neat, orderly, wellmanaged classroom.

ence, mav become lost. Classrooms could be dressed up carefully and approTeachers should frequently review their own atpriately by adding a little paint, a picture, window

tendance record at class. When such record is good, draperies, and colorful visual aids. A classroom, like

the students are encouraged, by example, to do likehome, begins to "live"as the finishing touches are wise. Teachers step up their "quality of teaching"added. Students remember (Continued on page 540)

JULY I960 515 Synthetic Security her to come and stay with them "or maybe I was a little frightened."

until David finished his training. If She thought about her arrival at the

...(Continued from page 505) she were upset, she hid the fact well. Miller home a few minutes ago

"If you are sure that's what you and she felt a little ashamed. She

"What church do you belong to?"want to do, and you think you will had known that David had six

He blurted out. be happy, then go ahead,"she told younger brothers and sisters, but she

"What?"Kathy dropped the dish. Kathy. "I hope you won't be sorry, hadn't been prepared for the recepIt was the unbreakable kind... so these people are so different. I wontion they gave her. My, the chatter!

were their heads, luckily, because der if you will fit in with them?"What confusion! She had been so

when they bent simultaneously to Kathy had assured her mother that upset that she asked to be shown pick up the plate, their heads came it was what she wanted and that she to her room.

together—hard. knew she was going to be happy. "I guess I wasn't very polite,"she

"Oh! I'm sorry."He was visually She knew she would miss David, but told'herself as she lifted her suitcase

embarrassed and so was she. She she knew how serious he was about onto the bed and opened it. "Well,

regained her composure first when his work, and she didn't want to stay I won't be here very long. I'll catch

she saw the red bump swelling on near him if it were going to interthe first train for home tomorrow."

his forehead. fere. Kathy changed her clothes and

"Oh, your head!"she said, "Come Kathy went over to the bed and was putting on fresh makeup when

in, and we'll put a cold, wet cloth sat down on the edge of it. She Becky, David's sixteenyear-old sison it. hated to admit it, but her mother was ter, knocked timidly at her door.

"First, answer my question... it's right. "Kathy, may I come in?"Kathy

very important to me. I haven't "Oh, why did I come to this ridicopened the door. "Mom sent me to

been able to eat, or sleep. Finally ulous little town in the middle of tell you—I mean... Oh, Kathy, I

I found Rose on duty in Ward B-5 nowhere?"she asked herself. "Why just couldn't wait to see all your

and asked her your name, and did I believe David's glowing tales beautiful clothes. I mean, jeepers,

where you lived, but Kathy, what of how wonderful everything was if the rest of them are anything like church do you belong to?"here? I should have known he was that perfectly heavenly suit you were

"Well, I don't go to any, but Daddy homesick when he told me about wearing—"Becky stopped and gave

baptized me a member of the Latterhis home town and his family."a little whistle through her front

day Saint Church when I was little. Kathy smoothed her hand over the teeth. "Oh, what a perfectly beautiMama isn't a member, so when gailycolored, handstitched quilt... ful shade of blue."Becky touched

Daddy died ten years ago, we moved, so different from the satin spread Kathy's dress. "I saw something like

and I stopped going."on her bed at home. The contrast that in the Sears'catalog once."

He stood looking down at her, made her think of the contrast beKathy laughed. She felt a sudden

then a grin spread slowly across his tween David's mother and her own. warmth toward this adorable teenface, and he said, "Well, don't just They were about the same age, yet ager... so full of bounce and energy

stand there, how about that cold one would never guess it. Her and so completely unaffected. Now

cloth for my bump?"mother was so young looking—so Becky was over near the bed, looking

In the weeks to follow, David came fashionable. She was slender, and into the suitcase.

to Kathy's often for dinner, and they her hair was always done in the most "Please, Kathy, may I help you would sit in her living room and upto-date style. Her clothes were hang them up? Gee, I just can't

talk. Kathy's mother always made so smart! While Mrs. Miller, well, wait 'till Sunday... are you going to

some excuse to leave the room whenher hair was pulled into a gray bun knock 'em dead!"

ever the conversation turned to reat the back of her head. And Kathy "What?"

ligion. She said it wasn't "modern"thought she dressed like Mother "You're going to knock 'em... I

to be religious, nowadays. Hubbard. mean...,"and with exaggerated

"Why do you spend so much time Kathy looked at her hands. "Thank gestures, "You are going to sweep the

with David, Kathy?"she asked one goodness they are pretty and soft local yokels off their feet."They

morning. "You have so many other and white like my mother's,"she both laughed, and suddenly Kathy

friends and so many invitations to thought, "and not all wrinkled and felt at ease.

go places, and here you sit just talkred like Mrs. Miller's."She held up That night as Kathy slipped being to him all the time."her left hand and smiled at the bare tween the cool, crisp sheets, she

"What's the matter, Mother? Don't third finger. She was remembering looked out her window at the stars.

you like David?"how David had tied a little piece of She thought how unhappy she had

"Well, he's all right, I guess. Only metallic thread on it as they sat been this afternoon as she stood at

he bores me...."waiting for her train. the same window shortly after her

"You had better learn to like him,""This will have to do until I get arrival. Funny what a difference a

Kathy laughed, "because we are home, Honey. I won't be able to affew hours can make! Tonight she felt

going to be married."ford a ring for you until then,"he a warm glow inside her. It was a

"I'm not going to cross bridges. had told her. They had laughed, peaceful feeling similar to that which

He won't be able to get married for and she had promised to wear it filled her heart whenever David was nearly a year. You'll come to your until she reached Middletown. near. She closed her eyes and could

senses by then."She was so sure of her love for see the rows of jars filled with golden

Kathy expected her mother to be him while she was near him, why peaches cooling on the drainboard.

resentful when she showed her the was she so unsure now? And she recaptured the aroma of

letter from David's mother, inviting "Maybe I'm homesick,"she thought, homemade bread as she visualized

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy the Sweetest Rhythm

""v/""on the Road

A new performance concept made possible by the combination of two great new Phillips 66 products.

NEWTROPARTIC offers you what no motor oil ever could before.

New TropArtie* brings to the aid of of miles of testing, typical car owners your motor a new lubricating formula reported these important benefits from that cleans, protects, and preserves new TropArtie with PDA: Less

smooth performance under the most oil consumption Less engine knocksevere engine tests for automobile oil. ing Less misfiring More miles per

The secret of TropArtic's excepgallon of gasoline Cleaner oil filters tional performance is a revolutionary Change to new TropArtic Motor supercleaning element called PDA, Oil and see if you don't notice these made only by Phillips Petroleum improvements in the performance of

Company. In hundreds of thousands your Car! *A trademark

NEWFLITEFUEL The new gasoline that's super powerful and super smooth!

New FliteFuel is a blend of superhigh performance components perfectly matched to the natural rhythm of today's high compression motors. It

vaporizes quickly... fires with splitsecond

accuracy... delivers a mighty thrust of power

without roughness or ping. It can quiet your motor

as it increases your car's power and responsiveness. Fill up at your Phillips 66 Station.

Mrs. Miller pulling the pans from the corner. "Oh, oh, I'll see you later. "Like what you see?"He was

huge oven, and clumping the amber I'm not exactly the favorite boy teasing her.

loaves onto a clean cloth on the around here."He left. "I was only thinking that you don't

table. She had read stories about As days passed Kathy was dislook much like the rest of your fampeople who lived like this and had turbed to find that she kept thinking ily. Why haven't I seen you over

even seen jars of fruit at the state about Mai. One day as she was at the ward?"

fair. walking along the side of the road "I don't look like the rest of the

"It is all so quaint. I think I'll towards the grocery store, he drove family,?md I don't act like them,

stay a week or two."up and stopped beside her. either. And you haven't seen me

The next few weeks were full of "Hi, want a lift? It's quite a walk over at the ward because I don't go

new experiences. It was fun to help to the store, and it's hot."She there."

transfer the big red tomatoes into opened her mouth to decline, when "My, you sound as though you chili sauce and the shiny green cuhe grinned very disarmingly. have a chip on your shoulder."

cumbers into pickles and relish. She Kathy got in. Neither of them "Well, I don't mean to, but I am

even scrubbed floors on her hands spoke at first. She glanced at his tired of the same old lectures I've

and knees and had gone to bed with handsome profile. He had such an been getting all my life."Then in

a feeling of tired accomplishment air of assurance about him—like the mocking tones, "'What's the matter,

for the first time in her life. She New York fellows she'd known. He Mai, I haven't seen you out to

had kept busy, but not too busy to was exciting. Church lately?'Or, 'We've missed

miss David.

One night Kathy was sitting on the porch steps feeling lonesome.

Everyone had gone to Mutual, except the youngsters who were in bed. "Sound in body, mind,

This was the first time she had to goingmissed, but there was didn't classes,social after she be a and morals"and want to go without a partner. She

pulled her coat closer around her Richard L. Evans

shoulders to shut out the cool air.

She closed her eyes to shut out the sight of the full moon. As to the balance we need for fullest effectiveness,

recall physical sentences today on some would we voice strange, deep him?""Miss A

in fitness; the wholeness moral mental on and and THE frightened. her.startled "Don't be SPOKEN life. to It possible course, living is, of of to work, I've watching Knight. beenI'm Mai WORD

serve, things to being without accomplish many days. for three afar the last fromyou

health without wellbalanced, and without peace and happiness, tonight,I to town on was my way of living an unthe full and wellrounded a man with life. Even I so lonesome had to lookedand you

come over and talk to you."quiet conscience can account for some accomplishment. But how

if he had the "Oh, you must be Judy's brother. much more accomplishment could he account for

When did you get home? Are you poise that comes with peace, with an awareness of sound mental

on furlough or here for good?"She and moral and physical foundations. One of the barriers to fitness

sounded calm, but she wasn't. is imbalance, excesses, the failure of what is sometimes called

there is a sense. In the really healthy man, and happy common brother, and I'm "Yes, Judy's

call of wholeness—wholesome, it. Wholesome we sometimesElsie's Tom's."Joanne's and and He kind

is "spiritual as or defines dictionary the a meaningful word which closer short the walkwas coming up

... in to. beneficial health character wellbeing.. sound or mental hitch, her.to "I'm through with my

is It of exof dissipation, the opposite morals."body, mind, and I couldn't ask haveand if you me

timed it better. You know, Dave tremes and excesses; the opposite of immorality, of a brooding

really surprised me,"and leaning spirit, of a clouded mind, of a cluttered conscience; the opposite of

that habits. "wickedness is an awareness "Wholesome"toover very close her he said, "He harmful

else that upsets the happiness,"anything 1 nor was never was 'em."to picksure knows how

functioning. physical spirit and harmonious working of mind and felt hot. the Her cheeks Why did the safer mentally, morally, we are, The sounder we are physically, so, intrigue of his voice hersound

she wondered? and the more effective and happier we are in the pursuit of life's

cite lines again purposes. great from wonderful some and To John "I car the parked just down my

full descripshort, in but is a a sound Locke: sound body mind "A "Will saying,road,"he was you come

... this great principle state tion of world. in and The a happy littlefor ride a We'll with be me?

is is this: in all virtue plac'd of worth foundation and that a manright back."

... inclinations, desires, cross his his himself able to deny own own it is stay here, better "No, I—I'd "2

.. lean the appetite the other wholesomeness way. With though for tonearly the folks get back."time

"Come on, I want you to tell me come wisdom and knowledge and the peace of a quiet conscience.

I haven'tabout Dave. seen him presented and the Square for "The Spoken Word,"from Temple over KSL

I just of years. Besides,a couple 1960. Broadcasting 1960. Copyright System, Columbia May 1,

bought a new car. Let's try it out."'Book of Mormon: Alma 41:10.

Just then the Miller car rounded the 2Jolm Locke, Some Thoughts concerning Education.

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'or 56 years copper has provided thousands of

Utahns with rewarding, lifetime careers. This

has been possible because copper production has kept pace with changing times. It is still a

dynamic, productive part of a growing Utah.

During the past 20 years alone, Utah has experienced tremendous growth. Population

has increased 63% from 550,310 in 1940 to approximately 900,000 today, while total personal income has increased 507% from $269,- 000,000 to an estimated $1,632,000,000!

This startling expansion can be traced to one factor—the enormous growth of business opportunities within our borders. As a result, eager,

ambitious young people can realize their dreams for the future right here at home.

Copper has maintained its position as a career metal in Utah because of forwardlooking management. Copper production is as young in spirit

and as vigorous today as when born in our state more than half a century ago.

Young men whose eyes are set on careers as engineers, scientists, chemists or specialists in such varied fields as electronics, management or production, can achieve their goals in Utah.

Kennecott, like many other businesses in Utah, looks to new high school and college graduates as the foundation for even greater industrial growth in the future.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

PROUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

JULY i960 519 you in our class, Mai, why don't you Dave.... There were several girls better."She patted Kathy's hand,

join us?'And you should hear the waiting for him before you came smiled and left.

folks! That's why I'm leaving this into the picture. He will be a counKathy read the letters and then

place!"try doctor and make a good husband slipped on her coat. She had to get

"You're leaving? Oh, where are for some nice little country girl."down the stairs without anyone

you going?"Kathy looked at Mai. Why was noticing her. She couldn't stand to

"To the coast. I have some pretty she so confused? Could he make her answer any questions or make any

good connections with a big outfit happier? Could he offer her more explanations now. She had to get to

in Los Angeles, and I thought I'd than David could? She knew her the drugstore.

go down to see about things."mother would like him. She was stumbling, half running

"When?""I need to be by myself to think. along the dirt road to town. She

"I had planned to leave last week, I'll let you know tonight."hoped Mai would be there this early,

but, Kathy, I wasn't going to tell "I'll be waiting at the drugstore."she had so much to tell him.

you this so soon, but I can't go until—Kathy went to the kitchen to put Things were clear to her now. I

until I can talk you into going with the groceries away. The kitchen hope I won't ever be sorry, she said

me. I know you think I'm crazy, door was partly open, and she heard to herself as she hurried along.

but you are the one I've been lookMr. Miller saying, "Martha, did I Mai was sitting in a booth, and he

ing for. Kathy, I can't help it. I'm remember to tell you today that smiled when he saw her come in. She

in love with you."you're still the best cook in the state, sat opposite him, and he said,

Kathy wished she could say someand that I am in love with you?""You've made up your mind?"

thing like, "My, what a smooth line "Yes, Tom, you already told me "Yes, Mai. At last I have all my

you have."But she couldn't. She that this morning... it must be somevalues straightened out. My only

knew that there had been a strong thing in those wholewheat muffins."regret is that someone always has

attraction between them right from Mrs. Miller's voice sounded so gay. to get hurt in these situations but I

the first. She felt when she got into And when they laughed together, it think in this case the hurt won't last

the car that he was going to say too long. Mai, I received a letter

something like this, though she from David tonight. He told me

hadn't dared admit it to herself. OLD GLORY that he had sent the missionaries to

alike,"to saymother. I are and been She has "You he was my by Iris W. Schow talk

I thising, to in don't cottage meetings. going here belong "we...

little town. Tell me that you feel There she waves on high never thought she would ever listen

the way I do, Kathy."In the dome of the sky, to the gospel. I got a letter from her

"I don't know what to say, Mai. I Flawless and free too. She told me how her life is

thought I knew just what I wanted, As she ought to be. beginning to change. She said after

and then you came along, and I'm And our hearts soar high I left she was so lonesome that she all mixed up."Exultantly, came to realize how empty her life

"You're not mixed up, Kathy. You When we see her wave, had been. She said she felt a need

are just beginning to see what I've Bonnie and brave for something. She believes she will

known all along. This isn't for us. As ever she ought to be. find the answer in the gospel."

All I can remember about my child- "Kathy, what are you trying to tell hood is one new brother or sister me?"

after another. My life was measured sounded like music. Kathy went in "I was wrong about Mrs. Miller's

by washdays, measles, Sunday and over to the table. hands, too."She was talking more

School, farm chores, more brothers "They didn't have the lemon flavorto herself than to Mai, now. "Her

and sisters. I've seen Mother so tired ing, but he said he'd order it for hands are soft and comforting.

when night came that she could you."She managed to say. "I'll be When she touched my feverish head

hardly go to bed. And there is never up in my room if you want me. I tonight, it made the hurt go away.

enough money to go around.... Aldon't feel very well."She was lying That's the kind of hands I want to

ways handme-downs! I never had on her bed with so many thoughts have. And I want to wear a big

anything that was really mine until chasing each other around that she Mother Hubbard apron, too, they

I started to earn my own. I don't felt her head would burst. Her face are just right for keeping the flour

want my wife and kids to have a life felt hot, and her mouth was dry. Mrs. off one's dress while kneading bread,

like that."Miller tapped at her door and said, and for wiping children's tears away.

They were pulling up in front of "Kathy, I brought you a pitcher of You were right, Mai.... I don't

the store now. Kathy's head was in fresh water, you looked rather flushed belong here, but I'm going to spend

a whirl. She looked down at her when you came in."She entered at the rest of my life trying to belong."

hands in her lap and noticed that Kathy's invitation, and put the water "But Kathy—I need you!"

they belied her vow to keep them on the night stand. "Is there any- "No, Mai, there are a lot of girls

from getting like Mrs. Miller's. She thing else I can do for you, dear?"that will fit in with your plan of

went into the store. She put her hand on Kathy's forelife. You can give them the kind

They drove back to the Miller's head. "You feel hot. Here is some of security they want—I'll wait for

in silence, and just as Kathy was good medicine."She reached into David, and some day when we are

about to get out of the car, Mai said, her big apron pocket. "A letter from old I hope that he'll say to me,

"Please marry me, Kathy. I am David, and one from your mother. "Kathy, have I told you yet today

ambitious. I will be able to offer I'll put your supper in the warming that you're the best cook in the

you security. Don't worry about oven. Come down when you feel country, and that I love you?"

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA./;: ':-

Lord, Is It I?

(Continued from page 503) con lose weight!

of our mistakes.

We think of Judas in terms of the awful title "son of perdition."But

his tragic experience reminds us that many of our own mistakes are causedby the same kind of ineffectiveness with SURE MEAL in introspection. When we are unable to detect an oncoming evil in

ourselves, we leave ourselves unprotecting fore- S anyguarded by Control \ spentthought. half as much If we Weight Your

as on preventionenergy we lavish When you have complexion the whole Reduce reachedon remorse, your deof our lives could be changed for with sired weight, continue to use Meal SURE MEAL is far more profitPrecautiongood. each day will one—Surethis of successable as an instrument than It's / helponceyou safe and to maintain a good sure! /

the most severe remorse. It cuts your calorie / nutritional balance and also help

to maintainwhile you keep the intake of calories—hea'th / control. vigor under Just suppose that someone were ing intakeyour If and you gain with

to suggest the possibility that Judasthrough proper nutrition. one Sure Meal, you can cut the

like we might betray the Lord of Sure Meal is a scientifically calories in your ordinary meals or use three two or Sure a Meals else! day planned probably becomehis work, would we food—nothing for short to periods bring about slowly or reduce can to likely You beindignant. would We the control you you when—it use \ can Meal Sure with—rapidlyYou that could certainfeel absolutely we Sure there's Meal countno—want lost have you a 3 times day until

-it's all caloriesfor situation. done you! in every ourselves \\ ingusehandle the part of substantial all or a

But by this very attitude of nonweight you want to lose.

suspect we frequently become a nurFor best long range results use turing host to the very sin that is Sure Meal twice a day with skim gathering strength to destroy us. milkone otheror powderedlow caloriemilk mealand haveeach

taken off the have that you day, until Judas should remember We to lose. wish you is has been '. weight not the only one who

guilty of betrayal. For example, ** >

how would you appraise the following situation? Last year in one ward,

87% of the Aaronic Priesthood boys earned an individual award. In anFeel \ Save Money

other ward in the same stake only Better Sure Meal costs less than the ordire- qualified. was so Someone 10% it replaces, nary at meal the and weight I no had of the time, losing boys for sponsible the same 77% sure can you be I enbut problem, will nutritiously meal be sound. lost the been not that have by would just Meal Sure joy serving oz.) of Sure Meal One (% If use first I there it's the of ward. good. standards because 1 of with mixed milk when cup regularly breakfast it for here, is involved where betrayal some will individual furnish the normal along drink as a sometimes and essential the it with lie? elements food does to y. It helps meals. other with my for consisting complete one meal * essential the with that last instruction the body Almost supply my of meat, vegetables, butbread and minvitamins and elements, food to ascending Peter before gave Jesus ter, beverage. and a oep. for more I needed that erals triple charge, the into was heaven If to afford can eat you you—Meal."Sure better with feel "I 21:16.) sheep."afford can "Feed (John A my SURE MEAL!

full disobedience to which could be incurred by doing nothing. To let V,

the lambs die of starvation is not as spectacular as outright betrayal, but If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you

just as disastrous. result the may be

that have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00, to interesting It is remember

Jesus did not lose his eternal exaltaor the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00.

tion because of the treachery of

Judas. But some of the boys in this

10% ward may lose their exaltation Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL because of a simple default by well1087Salt LakeE. 9thCity,SouthUtah Free Delivery Phone EM 3-9674

meaning leaders. Some leaders Please send Vanilla Defatted Chocolate

it, realizing without may betray their or SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch responsibility, trust or deny their doubt their authority or sleep on 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Q Name

(Continued on page 524) 40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 City and State

JULY I960 521 Get worlds of hot water Mothers - and Their Love 3 times as fast with a and Loyalty "QUICK RECOVERY"Richard L. Evans

ELECTRIC That which is constantly close to us is likely to become commonplace and often takes perspective

THE to know how much it means. This would be true of

SPOKEN mothers, in our awareness of how much they mean. WORD WATER If we are most fortunate, we are so close to them in

part they perform. So well they keep things running that hardly HEATER our years of youth, that hardly do we have occasion to appraise the are we aware of what they do to keep things running well. So well

they comfort and encourage us, and take off the edge of the deeper disappointments that hardly do we realize how well. We mav

sometimes be impatient; we may sometimes be annoyed by their

teaching and restraint, by their counsel and concern. But in our

less emotional, more reasonable moments, even early, we seem somewhat to sense their strength, their service and their selflessness, and some meaning of their love and loyalty. And even early.

we somewhat sense the emptiness we feel in their absence, with some intuitive awareness of how much they one day will be missed.

Many have sought to say what mothers have meant. "My mother

UTAH POWf R & LIGHT CO. was an angel upon earth...,"said John Quincy Adams, "Her

heart was the abode of heavenly purity. She had no feelings but

of kindness and beneficence.... She had known sorrow, but her

sorrow was silent.... If there is existence and retribution beyond

recalled Alcott left these lines of kindly a note from encouragement YOU CAN HAVE the grave, my mother is happy."1 From her childhood, Louisa May

in her: "I her mother have room by patience observed all day your

Freshly Ground FLOUR with baby, your obedience and kindness to all. Go on trying, my

...,,:,,,. fit child. God will give you strength and courage. I shall say a little

2 sleep. over prayer your Mother."you in Such kindly memories IN MINUTES, I 4 the inspired lines: later to write poet of mother these HOME! AT

AUTOMATIC "Faith that withstood the shocks of toil and time;

ECONOMICAL Hope that defied despair;

PORTABLE Patience that conquered care;

ELECTRIC And loyalty, whose courage was sublime;

The great deep heart that was a home for all,—

Just, eloquent, and strong THE SECRET In protest against wrong;

TO MORE NUTRITIONAL Wide charity, that knew no sin, no fall;

BREAD! The Spartan spirit that made life so grand,

Mating poor daily needs The secret to Finer Flavor! With high, heroic deeds,

Grind your own flour a That wrested happiness from Fate's hard hand."3

few hours before baking with a LEE houseelectric.. hold flour mill. simple,

easy, It is a hallowed thing to have such memories of mothers. May nominally priced. for Write prices—free

recipes—food facts. mothers, in the sacred trust of righteous motherhood, continue to

SAVE on introductory offer... send check make such memories; and may we remember mothers, this dav—

or money order with coupon below for and always—and the blessed memories they make.

choice 5 lb. pkg.... stone ground the day

it's shipped. 'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

IE-7-60 Broadcasting 8, System, Columbia LEE 1960. Copyright 1960. May ENGINEERING DEPT. COMPANY—Wisconsin 2023 W. 3, Wis. Avenue—Milwaukee

i, ]....DEAF 5-lb. pkg. SMITH FLOUR, Johr> Quincy Adams.

Curtis Chandler, their 2Aima Children. Famous Mothers and....WIS. Pp.-MINN. 5-lb. pkg. Only FLOUR,$1.50

Pp. Only $1.00 Louisa May Alcott, Transfiguration.

Name Street City State...

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Not for one Sunday longer need you deprive your church of the magnificent music of a Hammond Organ.

For the new Hammond Extravoice is priced within reach of every church. It is $895*, the lowest price any Hammond

Organ has ever sold for.

And much, much more than the price is new about the aafsc**- Hammond Extravoice.

It has a brilliant new sound—the rich tones of three keyMRSmm?WHM

boards, played from a single, simple keyboard.

It has graceful new styling—lovely new lines in a cabinet so

compact it takes up only 4 ft. by 2 ft. (making it ideal for HAMMOND ORGAN

Chapels and Sunday Schools).... music's most glorious voice

It has everything new that Hammond has learned in 25 years about making organs... to bring you faithful service. Hammond42 20 W. DiverseyOrgan CompanyAve., Chicago 39, 111.

free folder on Extravoice Organ. Call your Hammond dealer for a demonstration. O SendFree booklet on organ fund raising.

G Color catalog of Hammond organs.

NameChurch- THE NEW HAMMOND 8fcl0lCORGAN

Address.

City $895!...,y $25 down HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY Zone County |State760

*Less Federal Excise Tax, F.O.B., Chicago; bench extra.

JULY I960 523

Lord, Is It I? subject, Charlemagne builds an emin our minds makes what we learn

pire. At the end of the topic the meaningful and makes it possible to

(Continued from page 521) eyes are shifted from the written remember it. In this way we can

their opportunity. The means may material, and the student begins to learn to read rapidly and efficiently.

be different but what about the final summarize on his fingers the mateAs you chart this new course for result? rial he has read. During the actual yourself, be assured that you are

President John Taylor said, "If reading it is well to high light the applying recognized principles of you do not magnify your calling, God material by saying to yourself, as you retention, as the following chart subwill hold you responsible for those read, something like this: stantiates, and that acquiring this

you might have saved had you done "After the breakup of Roman Emskill will lead to new and exciting your duty."(J of D 20:23.) When pire... in fifth century... Franks power in your life for "Knowledge

we accept our callings on that basis, seized part of Belgium, France, and is Power."

we had better be wellfortified with Netherlands... Then Charles M arin 732 defeated His Moslemssome effective means to prevent tel

grandson, in The Unexplored Charlemagne,... King...failure.

Some time ago a sixtyfour-year768... began gathering up king- (Continued from page 501)

old man said, "If I had known forty doms... took his army over Alps

years ago what I know now, I would... helped Pope on numerous occaStake found two perfectly preserved

in pots one dwelling. One helped... in earthen the Church lived differently.""I sionshave He said,

still of the pots contained tinder used 800 crowned... by Pope."Emperor again."wish I could live my life over

But if even Judas had known when Only after high lighting the mateby a forgotten Indian perhaps 600 he was planning the betrayal what rial while reading and summarizing years ago to ignite his precious fire.

he knew just before committing it afterwards should the student en- A stone grinder was also found, used suicide, he may also have done difter brief notes in his skeleton outline. long ago to grind maize into meal.

ferently. "Foresight"has far greater Then the next topic is read, reviewed, Strange indeed were these ancient

value in success than its belated and recorded. This is continued unLamanites who lived along the

cousin "hindsight."til the entire chapter is read. Escalante. For protection they lived

One of the inspiring traits in the Once you have established this high up on sheer sandstone cliffs.

life of the Master is that he did not pattern of studyreading, you will In some cases the only steps to have to commit a single sin to find discover that it can be done quickly. the front door were small notches

out that it was wrong. There are When you have finished, you have chipped in sandstone. One false step

some people who have to make every the bonystructure of the material meant a fall of hundreds of feet and mistake personally. It will not help you have read at your fingertips. certain death. Some Explorers braved

us much when we stand before the Mentioning the parts of the outline precarious climbs to the Moqui judgment bar to say, "I wish I could will bring the details to mind and ruins. One such climb rewarded

live my life over again."Even you perceive the whole structure several youths with a closeup look

a wellpreserved dwelling with wailing,"weeping, its details. gnashing and of with that at You discover

original rafters still in place... withteeth,"will us then avail little difficulty you have in rememlittle. We

cannot relive our lives. Life permits bering what you have read. willow and mud thatching undis-

.. turbed sootblackened with chimrehearsals. rehearse cannotno We everything to read Not have you still fires sign. bearing ney the ofbirth or or success. death But black headings. we has everything Not

... still long stones with ago and ourselves help the simple proccan by is so wellorganized. such Where in circle piled a cerehigh whereesses of "pre- "previewing"and headings organization lackare and fires blazed. monial once fortesting"potential while wrongs it is ing, to finger helpful the run left Explorers Explorer The Canstill in arethey stage. the idea quickly the readbefore page down miles twelve next hiked the and yon is in terrible Betrayal degree a any in to ing the order get a page quick day, beneath massive making camp is so thoughtlessness;thing but and to of the material preview covbe reportedly Arch, so Broken is Bow isso sloth so incompetence and

is If ered. material such something long because someone named ago is so other every instrumentalityand like to jotting remember, you would a Indian found broken beneath bow lost. eternal blessings are whichby brief at notes a the time few down its spire. is also apropos The nameIt therefore, might, helpful very be

is the read save time can page much arch the looks like because somewhatto ourselves against put on guard later. a broken huge bow. errorspossible occasionally going by

down the check list with the disAnyone who reads material he From Broken Bow the expedition ciple's searching inquiry, "Lord, is wishes to remember or recall should hiked up Willow Creek to a dirt it I?"take time to say back to himself what highway that leads to Holein-thehe has read. If it is important enough Rock. At the road the hikers met

If you would learn to study you beto beimportantread in theenoughfirst toplace,set theit shouldmatetrucksment. andTheyrodespentto theonehistoricnightmonuin a

must study to learn rial in your mind so it can be rechilling wind where Mormon piomembered. Otherwise your chances neers blasted a wagon road out of(Continued from page 512)

of remembering much of it for any solid rock and crossed the Colorado prepared to read. The eyes begin to length of time are very slim. All of River on their way to settle San

move quickly down each of the divius forget enough of what we read Juan County.

sions under the black headings, pulleven when we are at our best. TakOn the final day of the expedition

ing out the thought that builds the ing time to fasten the bonystructure ( Continued on page 528

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... your savings

it's dividend time at

WESTERN SAVINGS

Western Savings is now serving you from its beautiful and larger offices at the original timeand-temperature sign in Salt Lake City.

Western Savings pays you the very most for your insured savings dollars... Current 4 per cent dividend will be paid on June 30...

next dividend payment is December 31. So right now is the most

profitable time to open your savings account.

Western will pay full dividend from July 1 on all deposits made by July 11, and your account is insured to $10,000 by the FedPostage Paid When You Save By Mail:

eral Savings and Loan Insurance saveWesternby paysmail. theSendpostageyour bothdepositwaystowhenWesternyou

Corporation. Savings, Salt Lake City, Utah. We'll send you

your deposit receipt, pass book and signature card by return mail.

SEND FOR FREE BOOKLETS ON BONUS SAVINGS

Western's Bonus Savings Plans will add up to 1% per year extra earnings. Send the coupon for free booklet

explaining this insured earnings plan.

Mail the coupon AT THE ORIGINAL -{

WESTERN SAVINGS 2m I Salt Lake City, Utah WESTERN > z. Please send me full information on your Z i SAVINGS

"savings plans.

"Name

Address!

I City State AND LOAN COMPANY Your Savings are Insured to $10,000 by the 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH

Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

IT'S AN OLD WESTERN CUSTOM,.. GET THE VERY MOST FOR YOUR SAVINGS

JULY I960 525 REMARKABLY COMFORTABLE NEWDESIGN Obeying, honoring, and

WOOD FOLDING sustaining the law CHAIRS CORONET Richard L. Evans

220 In considering the importance of law in our lives, we would preface what follows with this simple yet

THE profound fact: that "obeying, honoring, and susSPOKEN taining the law"is basic to all peace, to all progress,

WORD and to the safety and security of all people, and all

SIT IN IT...1N0T ON IT property. Nature obeys law; the universe obeys law; and men, for

their safety and survival, and for the salvation of their souls, must obey law. And there is nothing perhaps of much more importance

pertaining to young people than to set before them an example of "A"FRAME construction respect for law, of the living of law—an example on the part of

all in law. sustaining teachers, parents, of others honoring and rigid or and No sag

cradles figure your DESIGNsway—permanently CONTOUR is of that to laxity lead the loss Indeed, can law toward much

rock. firmly They Won't "nest"STACK HIGH.

life. in others the also—resent Sometimes dear young—and most Silent SIMPLE positive ACTION. and CLOSING

No noisy rails or channels restraint. They hear of freedom and forget that freedom can only

Boltaflex PADDED FOAM SEAT. cover be preserved by the living of law. If everyone were lawless, everyChoice of 1 4 colors

RICHLY GRAINED wood. Durable satin finish one would be bound by fear, and everyone must live by force,

Especially suitable for Relief Society rooms and no one would be secure in his life, his property, in his possesor other extra "nice"areas. sions—for absence of respect for law leads to looseness and li-

a demonstration? you like Would

Write for the dealer in your area. cense. The absence of law is anarchy, and anarchy has never

s Pats. Pending worked in the world. "... That which is governed by law is also

preserved by law... "1 These facts, among many others, suggest

in summary: first, that the law should be as simple and underPRODUCTS, INC. standable as possible; second, that law should be lived, honored,

CHANDLER STREET, JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK observed—and that parents and all others also should set before the

young, an example of living and respecting law, from the earliest years of youth—an example that the young may safely look to for

their attitudes toward law and life—for law is the safeguard of life,

and he who flaunts it is endangering his own rights, his own freedom, 7&4eH *) ynocv ufr,,, hisheavensafetybeforeand thesurvival.foundations"Thereof thisis aworld,law, uponirrevocablywhich alldecreedblessingsin

are predicated—And when we obtain any blessing... it is by obedience to that law upon which it is predicated."2 Restraint and selfcontrol are two essentials in the living of the law, and are of prime

importance among all the lessons of life.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and die

Columbia Broadcasting System, May 15, 1960. Copyright 1960.

]D&C 88:34.

Hind., 130:2021.

AND SAW THE VISION

by Mabel Law Atkinson

For bedtime stories Granny always told

Adventures that would wonderfill our eyes:

We saw the covered wagons as they rolled

I'm taJktty, AcrossBurningthethestartledsand. Weprairies,knewdesertthe gnawingskies thirst

HOME STUDY ParchedA little grave,throatsandendured.felt ourWeheartsstoodwouldbesidebursta mound,

disturb ground. the hallowed wolves hungry Lest

Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to: out violins sang kept time as Our feet

Name The music for quadrilles, and young folk danced

Address. Within the wagon circle We heard the shout

City State. Which told the trek was done, then stood entranced

as she Send to STUDY loam sageburdened viewed HOME Granny Services With Extension and Adult Education of the vision her valley home. University Young And saw Brigham

Provo, Utah

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONOCO's hands

They wipe all your worries away if you can spare the time, your Conoco Dealer won't spare the service. Busy Conoco hands are quick to clean

your headlights and windshield... carefully check tires, battery, and water. They make you a more confident

driver... make Conoco the Hottest Brand Going. Put your carand yourcaresin Conoco's hands... today!

Hottest Brand Going )1960, Continental Oil Company

Conoco and CarteCONOCO!Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.

JULY 1960 527. )

The Unexplored prospects for artesian water were good. We wanted the first well to

( Continued from page 524 be an outstanding success. It was—

a strong flow of 300 gallons a minthe Explorers hiked down and ute or more was obtained.

viewed the Colorado River, fished After this the rig was moved to for catfish in the muddy water, southeastern Teheran, the old part danced on famous Dance Hall Rock of the city, where an acute water where pioneers once held socials... shortage for even domestic use had

and finally, tired, footsore, and developed. The first well was drilled

hungry they made their way back to in the bottom of an old dug well that civilization and home. had gone dry. Artesian water was SIDE CHAIR STACKS 20 HIGH

IN 36"SQ. OF FLOOR SPACE: As the bus from Salt Lake sped encountered.

homeward, the mind of each young Then, at another site close by, a man wandered back to the Escalante new well was drilled, and pumps

NEW! BEAUTIFUL Riverand adventuresand its fascinating... the arches,treasures... weresurfaceinstalledfor a thirstyto bringpopulace.water to the

Indian the mysterious ruins... the driller Soon, the out "on his went

the breathtaking weather and is still there own,"he doing a and CHAIRS violentbeauty.

thriving business.

THAT highwayThe wheelswidenedof thethebusgap.and Thethe to Itdrillwasinthethedirectormother general'swells andplanat

Escalante River slipped farther and other suitable locations throughout

STACK farthermemory away.of high adventureBut the dwellsindeliblein forIran irrigation.to increase the volume of water

the heart of a Scout forever. Behind

FOR EASY himthe mountainthe virgin lion,domainthe wentdeer, backthe litto Pahlevi,It shouldthe Shah,be mentionedpaid the entirethat tle green lizard, the bumblebee, and cost of water development in southcost for the watermany other STORAGE theThesparrowsoundhawk.of man's voice, at eastern Teheran. Likewise he paid projects development throughout

least for awhile, was gone. Iran. The government funds were

always "fully allocated."No additional money was ever available.

With each appropriation by His

Majesty the proviso was made that every rial (Iranian money) should

The Thirsty Farms of Iran be spent under the personal supervision of Proffesor, the director (Continued from page 509) general.

In 1944, following a long period of mission from the head of the Iranian very low precipitation, the city of

Army, this dragline was assembled Bushire, the largest port on Persian and was used in restoring an earthGulf, population over 100,000 ran fill dam, built ancientlv. This is very low in water, even for drinking

west of Teheran about 15 miles. The water. The people raided ships that

dragline is still available to make came into the harbor, and old women, rich richer. men goatskins, with carried water long

ARM CHAtR STACKS 7 HIGH quite distances, It was impossible to procure three or four miles from any kind of equipment during the brackish wells, up the approaches on

Spacesaving... lightweight... sturdy war. A well rig was needed, bethe side of a high island of sand

allsteel squaretube frame finished cause it was felt that much of the rock upon which the city is built.

in chipresistant baked enamel.. labor spent in ghnat digging could Being made aware of this situacomfortable cushioned seats and be saved by drilling for ground tion, the young Shah, who loves his

contourcurved backrests... wipewater. people, asked the director general

clean vinyl upholstery... wallsaver An expert driller had been deof water resources to see what could

feature...your choice of 5 new colors. veloping water for five United States be done. Accordingly, a party of

Army camps during the early stages engineers was dispatched to Bushire.

now at a new low price of the war. When he was through, They returned with the report that

his service was sought, and prothe only apparent source of water cured by the Iranian Government. for Bushire was ninety kilometers

away, and it contained a high alkaavailable. well Thererig was NoSamsonite content. for line one. made we A location stacking chairs fore

the first well was selected where (To be concluded) For church, school, club, other group seating info., see Yellow Pages or

write: Shwayder Bros., Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE70 Detroit 29, Mich528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lodging 9 hungry r

local sights r

Get the answers... at Utoco Dealers

... alwaysjust aheadI

All over this area, Utoco Dealers displaying the "As You Travel"sign are ready to answer your travel questions.

Let your Utoco dealer plan your trip, too. UTOCO It's very simple. Fill in a card at any Utoco

dealer displaying the "As You Travel"sign indicating your trip plans, and you'll receive detailed routings and maps from the Utoco

Travel Center in advance of your trip.

Also enjoy dependable car care, finest products, clean rest rooms.

for Bonus Miles—get ULTRAPOWER Gasoline—with Builtin Gas Savers

Vuh Oil Refining Co,

JULY i960 529 What Should Jerry Goodfellow

( This is a message for all bearers of the priesthood. Bishop: This booklet suggests that you be sure to

It was presented to some 53,000 of them at April conregister in the service as being a member of the ference in connection with the largest priesthood Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. When

meeting ever held in the Church. It is now being you receive your dog tags, you should ask to have

presented at stake priesthood meetings in all the stakes Latterday Saints or LDS stamped on them instead of the Church. Those who have heard it presented of just the letter "P"for Protestant. As you know,

orally, or who shall hereafter hear it, will want to read Jerry, we are not properly classified as a Protestant and learn the specific suggestions it contains. Only in church. This small aluminum tag will be sent to you

this way will the priesthood of the Church generally from the Church Servicemen's Committee. It should

be able to carry forward its part in the great servicebe worn on the chain with your dog tags.

men's program of the Church.) Jerry: It says, "I am a member of the Church of

Jerry Goodfellow, an elder, is about to enter military Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints—(Mormon)."The

service. Fortunately Jerry has many things in his other side says, "In case of need, notify LDS chaplain

favor. He has been on a mission and is active in the or member."How did you say I would get this tag,

Church. It is only natural, therefore, that his bishop bishop?

hears about Jerry's draft call and is watching for him Bishop: I will send this white card to the General

after priesthood meeting one morning. LDS Servicemen's Committee at 47 East South Temple

Bishop: Jerry, I hear you're going into the service. in Salt Lake City, Utah. When they receive it, they

Jerry: That's right, bishop. I leave next week. will mail the identification tag to you. You will also

Bishop: I have some things in my office that will receive two books—the servicemen's edition of The

help you while you're away. Do you have a few Book of Mormon and Principles of the Gospel. Keep

minutes? these and read them often. The Servicemen's

Jerry: You bet! Directory will also be sent to you so that you can

Commentator: Because inactive boys often leave locate the ward, branch, or mission nearest you anyfor the service without the bishop's knowledge, it is where in the world.

important that a special effort be made to keep in Since a duplicate copy of your recommend will be close contact with them as they approach the age forwarded to the ward, branch, or mission nearest your when they will be eligible for military service. military station, Church representatives will be anticiBishop: Jerry, the Church has provided many ways pating your attendance at meetings. They will be on

to help you and other young men like yourself to take hand to aid you and give you a number of booklets, the best possible advantage of the time spent in the including "A Message of the First Presidency,"which service. I hope you can make this time profitable for outlines the attitude of the Church with respect to

you and for the Church. Here is a little booklet pubmilitary service, war, communism, and related matters,

lished by the Church Servicemen's Committee called, and an excellent discussion on "Chastity"by Elder "So You Are Going into Military Service."Mark E. Petersen.

Commentator: This wise bishop keeps a supply Jerry: Thank you, bishop. I'll be sure to read

of these booklets on hand. It is the instruction of the them and also heed the instructions and counsel I

First Presidency that each serviceman should receive receive.

one. The supply of these is replenished upon request Bishop: Jerry, since you have been through the

from the General LDS Servicemen's Committee in temple, I have a special letter from the First PresiSalt Lake City. dency which you should read.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MELCKIZEDEK

? PRIESTHOOD \Know

Commentator: Notice that the.bishop does not

attempt to interpret its contents for Jerry, but allows him to read it personally. Copies of this letter, which

is dated October 2, 1950, are in the files of all bishops, and stake and mission presidents.

Bishop: Jerry, I'm sure you are going to appreciate receiving The Improvement Era and the Church

Section of the Deseret Neius while you are away.

Since you are an elder, these will be sent to you by your elders'quorum.

Commentator: In case of Aaronic Priesthood

members, this would be taken care of by the bishop.

Subscriptions for the Church Section of the Deseret

News should be sent to: Deseret News, Circulation

Department, 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City,

Utah. The address of the serviceman and $3.50 for

one year or $2.00 for a 6-months'subscription should

be enclosed. Era subscriptions should be sent to:

The Improvement Era, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake

City 11, Utah. Enclose $3.00 for a oneyear subscription or $1.50 for six months. If the serviceman

returns home before his subscription to either publication expires, he may have it transferred to another serviceman by writing the publication and requesting the change. If the serviceman is transferred, he

should promptly notify the Deseret News and the

Era office of his new address.

Bishop: Jerry, the Church News offers you an excellent opportunity to keep in touch with the Church.

Just look what it contains:

Here in the front you always find a "Message of

Inspiration"from one of the General Authorities.

The full texts of all speeches by the First Presidency are printed in the Church Section, along with a record of the dayto-day progress of the Church.

You'll want to check the listings of visits by the

General Authorities to stakes and missions near your Mwa*,./

military station. "*rm

I'm sure you'll find this back page worthwhile reading, too. It carries a timely religious editorial each

week. ( Continued on page 538

JULY I960 **** <;t* j*?***

. iSPM

Aaronic Priesthood Organization Is Divinely Inspired

Genius has its secrets, and not the least of them is sists of a chairman, a secretary, an adviser to leaders organization. A look at men and institutions which of priests under 21, an adviser to leaders of teachers

have excelled through the recorded history of the under 21, and an adviser to leaders of deacons under earth shows this to be a common characteristic. 21. The committee for senior members consists of

Genius can be found in mighty armies, such as the a chairman, a secretary, a personal visit adviser, an great allied forces of World War II. It is present in organization adviser, an activity adviser, and a meetgreat teams, such as the baseball New York Yankees ing and school adviser.

and the football Cleveland Browns of recent years. It The difference in scope and demands of the two

can be found in successful political parties, in moneyprograms explains the difference in committee organmaking businesses, in individuals. And it can be ization.

found in churches. The bishop and two counselors preside over the

The organization of the LDS Church has been adAaronic Priesthood on the ward level, just as the mired throughout the world. This is to be expected, Presiding Bishopric does for the whole Church. The

for it is not a product of the mind of man but of the bishopric is assisted by two general secretaries, one inspiration of God. for senior members and one for Aaronic Priesthood

The body of the Aaronic Priesthood has also been bearers under 21.

organized through inspiration, like the Church of Each quorum of the Aaronic Priesthood under 21 which it is a part. has an adviser, whose duties were discussed last month

The president of the Aaronic Priesthood of the on this page. Each quorum also has quorum officers,

Church is the Presiding Bishop, who in turn is prechosen from the members except in the case of the sided over by the President of the Church. Joseph L. priests'quorum, where the bishop serves as president

Wirthlin is the eighth Presiding Bishop of the Church.

without counselors. Officers are a president, two

His predecessors, in order from the beginning, were counselors, and a secretarv.

Edward Partridge, Newel K. Whitney, Edward Hunter,

The ward organization for senior members of the

William B. Preston, Charles W. Nibley, Sylvester Q. Aaronic Priesthood is complete with instructors and

Cannon, and LeGrand Richards.

Bishop Wirthlin's counselors in the Presiding Bishadvisers.

opric are Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson and Bishop Carl Fully organized, a deacons'quorum has twelve

W. Buehner. members, a teachers'quorum twentyfour, and a

On the stake level, the operations of the priesthood priests'quorum fortyeight.

are directed by the stake presidency and the stake Thus an Aaronic Priesthood bearer is presided over committees for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 and by quorum officers, who in turn are presided over by

Senior Members of the Aaronic Priesthood. Both the ward bishopric, who in turn are directed by stake

committees are chaired by high council members. officers and by the Presiding Bishopric, the presidency

The committee for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 conof the Aaronic Priesthood in all the world.

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Dennis Child ( upper left; Mike

McKinnon ( right ); Blair Pack

(lower left); Ray Minkler.

Ward Teaching Supplement—

The Blessings of the Temple Too often we get so involved in the demands and the events of the day that we lose sight, in varying degrees, of the proper place of things in their eternal context. We devote a major portion of our energies

and talents to things which carry secondary importance at best. We forget what life is about, why

we are here and what our Father in heaven expects of us. WlitaM

This, of course, is not desirable. We must maintain

our perspective. To do this, sometimes there is wisdom in "getting away from it all"—stepping back,

disassociating ourselves from our dayto-day existence and looking at our lives, our goals, and our activities as objectively as possible. If we do this, we will often

be surprised by what we see... how subtle distortions

have crept into our lives... how we have failed to

keep first things first.

Here we see and we understand the meaning of... an outstanding record

life, the destiny of man. We enjoy a spiritual reawakening, which brings into focus the many phases Logan Youths Earn Recognition

of our lives. On this page this office takes pleasure in recognizing

And this religious reorientation is but one of the unusual records of attendance or activity of young blessings the temple offers us. Others are available, Aaronic Priesthood bearers.

some of which have a significance that extends through Occasionally, we have had brought to our attention the bounds of this life into the eternities. Ceremonies a record that stands out even amongst these other

and instructions prepare us for that which is to come records. An example is that of a fiveyear attendance

after this life is past. record of four young Logan priests—all members of

Temple work is unselfish. We are not the only the same ward.

benefactors, but those who have passed on and whose Dennis Child and Blair Pack, members of the priests work is being done are benefited to a degree well out quorum of the Logan Twentieth (Utah) Ward have of proportion to the time we put in. maintained perfect attendance at their Church meetThe role of the temples in the Church is often ings during that fiveyear period. Their fellow

misunderstood by our friends of other faiths. This can quorum members, Mike McKinnon and Ray Minkler,

be explained because the ordinances therein performed have missed by one meeting each during the same time.

are of such sacredness and importance that participaDennis is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Rawson D. Child.

tion must be restricted to worthy members of the Elder Child has served as quorum adviser.

Church. This participation is one of our greatest Blair is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Phillip Pack. The

privileges, and we should take advantage of it. The Pack family recently moved to Bountiful, Utah.

blessings of the temple are many indeed, and we beMike's parents are Mr. and Mrs. Arch McKinnon,

come more aware of them with each successive visit. while Mr. and Mrs. Ray A. Minkler are Ray's parents.

JULY 1960 533 UPPER

jr

gP'%. <.,,

J Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

It is good to have that warm, contented, friendly for that welcome contrast.

feeling even on a simmering hot July day. A cold Restaurants advertise homecooked meals—bakerheart doesn't sit any better when the thermometer ies, homemade pies. I can never quite figure out

registers 98 degrees in the shade than it does in the their reasoning. But I do know that carefully premiddle of the winter. That warm, happy feeling comes pared, homecooked food can be the best in the world.

as you sit, with those you love best, around a table in Will you try some of these simple supper menus, and the garden. Together you are watching the day come end your summer days with a deliriously warm, conto a close as you eat a delicious, nourishing, cool suptented feeling?

per. It's the best time of day. Make the most of it.

This doesn't mean that you must spend the whole -Menu #1 day in preparation. A few minutes of planning each Salmon Ring / Summer Medley (June Era)

week will save you hours of frustrated wondering, Lemon Jello Salad Onion Muffins "What can I have for dinner tonight?"Have a note- / Orange Sherbet

book, a good sharp pencil, find a shady spot in the garden, and stretch out on a reclining chair with This menu is a wonderful one for a hot summer your feet up in the air. Close your eyes for a minevening. It is light, yet nourishing, easy to prepare,

ute—no longer or you might drop off to sleep—then yet colorful, dainty, and flavorsome. The salmon

think of the favorite foods of your family, of the ring may be made ready for the oven, the jello salad foods that are most plentiful on the market, of ways mixed and put in the refrigerator to set, the sherbet to prepare them to tempt the appetites of those who made and stored in the freezing compartment of the make it a habit to be home for dinner at six. Now refrigerator all in the cool of the morning, leaving

open your eyes and start writing. List the days of the about a 40 minute preparation just before dinner.

week. Sunday is a good one to start with because

often there are special foods left over from the big Salmon Ring—tasty, moist and light, served wtih gourSunday dinner to be used on Monday. As you plan met sauce.

each menu, try to balance calories, nourishment, texture, color, and flavor. It can become a delightful 1 pound can (2 cups) red salmon, drained and flaked

game. In this way plan the menus for the whole 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs

week. Next make out a shopping list. In hot weather 2 tablespoons finely minced onion

it's wonderful to visit the market just once a week. Vz cup chopped celery

Make complete use of your refrigerator and freezer. V4 cup chopped green pepper

Those of you lucky enough to have a vegetable garden 2 tablespoons finely minced parsley plan your menus around its bounties. Summer suppers 1 tablespoon lemon juice

need never be dull. Be sure cold foods are served 1 cup evaporated milk

iced, never warm and wilted, and hot foods really hot 1 beaten egg

JULY I960 535 Combine all of the ingredients, teaspoon lemon juice, and V2 teaconsomme; chill until slightly thick.

mix gently. Turn into a very wellspoon of paprika have been added. Add remaining ingredients. Set in

greased 5-cup ring mold. Bake in The salad is clear sparkling lime a 1 quart mold and chill until firm.

moderate oven 350 degrees F. about Jello with cantaloupe balls suspended Serve on salad greens.

30 minutes. Invert on a warm platin it. The cup cake surprise is small

ter and serve with OliveAlmond cup cakes cut in half, the center Menu #5

Sauce. scooped out and filled with vanilla

ice cream. Cover with top half of Hot Split Pea Soup in Mugs

Sauce cup cake and garnish each with a Tuna Boat Salad Deviled eggs teaspoon of sweetened whipped Hot Parker House Rolls

Combine % cup of mayonnaise, 1 cream to which a little cocoa and Strawberries and cream tablespoon flour, and Vz teaspoon peppermint flavoring have been salt; blend until smooth. Measure added. Tuna Boat Salad

% cup evaporated milk, add Vz cup water; gradually add to mayonnaise Menu #4 2 cans tuna

mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, 1 cup diced cucumber

till mixture thickens. Add Vi cup Patio Ham Sandwich 1 cup diced celery

sliced stuffed green olives and Vz cup Vegetable Ring Potato Chips 1 cup mayonnaise chopped salted almonds. Fruit Cocktail Sundae 3 tablespoons chili sauce

Avocados Orange Sherbet This whole menu can very easily be prepared in the cool of the Cut avocados in half and peel,

IV2 cups sugar morning with just the baking of the rub with lemon juice. Mix the other

lightly the serve in and Patio cup water Sandwich about 10 minutes beingredients % greens. Serve half avocados on saladIV2 serving. tablespoons gelatin fore

dash of salt the mugs of hot split pea soup right 2 cups orange juice Patio Ham Sandwiches rolls.along with the salad and the hot

Va juice cup lemon 3 egg whites W2 cups ground ham Menu #6 2 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon flour

Vz teaspoon paprika Barbecued Patties Corn on the cob

Boil sugar and Vz cup water to- 1 cup evaporated milk Herb Tomatoes gether for 5 minutes. Soak gelatin Vz teaspoon Worcestershire sauce Sesame Cheese buns

in the remaining water and dissolve Vz teaspoon mustard Iced Watermelon thoroughly in the hot syrup. Combine 6 slices sandwich bread

with the orange and lemon juice. 6 slices tomato When cooking corn drop each ear

Pour into freezing tray and freeze 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese into boiling water to which has been quickly until mushy. Beat egg whites 6 green pepper strips added a dash of sugar. Do not boil

until fluffy. Gradually add the 2 the corn more than 5 minutes. To

tablespoons of sugar and continue Mix the flour with the ground ham. make herb tomatoes, let thick slices

beating until sugar is dissolved. Fold Add paprika, evaporated milk, musof fresh tomatoes stand in French

into the frozen fruit juice mixture. tard, and Worcestershire sauce. dressing to which has been added a

Return to the refrigerator to continue Cook, stirring constantly, until thicklittle chopped parsley, chopped freezing until firm. ened. Spread about Vi cup of ham chives, and sweet basil. The sesame

mixture on each slice of bread. Place cheese buns are made by cutting

Menu #2 a slice of tomato on top of each English muffins in half. Spread each

sandwich, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon with butter, sprinkle with Parmesan

Quick Onion Soup Parmesan cheese and top with a cheese and sesame seeds. Toast unCheese Plate Toasted French Bread green pepper strip. Bake in a hot der broiler.

Giant Fruit Salad oven 425 degrees F. 6 to 8 minutes.

Serve hot. Barbecued Patties

Menu #3 Vegetable Ring IV2 pounds hamburger % cup canned milk Grilled Lamb Chops 1 envelope unflavored gelatin % cup rolled oats

New Tiny Chived Potatoes Vi cup cold water P/2 teaspoons salt

Minted Carrots CantoLime Salad 1 can condensed consomme pepper

Cup Cake Surprise 2 hardcooked eggs, sliced 3 tablespoons chopped onion 1 cup shredded cabbage Order your lamb chops cut at V* cup sliced stuffed olives Mix and form into patties and least one inch thick, preferably 2 3 tablespoons chopped sweet pickle brown well.

inches. Broil them either in the 2 tablespoons lemon juice

broiler or out on a barbecue grill. salt to taste Sauce:

Cook the tiny new potatoes just until Soften gelatin in cold water. Heat

tender, roll in melted butter to which Vi can consomme; add gelatin and 3 tablespoons vinegar

3 tablespoons of chopped chives, Vz dissolve. Stir gelatin into remaining 2 tablespoons sugar

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 cup catsup Just across xh cup water the street 6 tablespoons chopped onions Cook, pour over meat, and simmer from the covered for at least 45 minutes. TEMPLE GROUNDS

FREEZING FACTS

Always freeze garden fresh fruits HOTEL UTAH and vegetables. It helps if you hurry from the garden to the freezer. Free TV and radio in every room

Ultramodern... comfortable

Melon ball cocktail can be a yearReasonableFamily-stylerates"Crossroads"restaurant round treat. Scoop out melon balls, Swimming pool

sprinkle with lime or lemon juice... and your car is parked

and freeze in a sealed container. just outside your door.

Serve while still icy.

Next visit to Salt Lake City enjoy the extra pleasure of staying at the Hotel

You can have tender green asparaUtah Motor Lodge.

gus in December if you tuck some Max Dean, Manager away in your freezer. Trim the Complete convention facilities and exhibit halls, too—for up to 1400!

stalks and wash well. Either leave

remaining stalks whole or cut into % inch pieces. Steam or water

blanch 3 or 4 minutes depending on the size of stalks. Chill in running tr -A'.c

chilled until.. through.cold water. sparklingspoi

/I 1)1''''tu\vv ''/'Z freeze containers in andPackage immediately.

Greens such as spinach, Swiss chard, and beet greens can be frozen lemon lime now for fresh eating in the winter.

Wash in warm water to remove all grit. Trim off thick stems and imperfect leaves. Put 1 pound of

intogreens a colander. Submerge Boil in the. greenT.. bottlein boiling water. of 1 gallon

P/2 minutes. Remove and plunge

into ice water and chill. Drain

thoroughly and pack into cartons.

Seal and quick freeze.

with the red label

Cranberries are the easiest of all fruits to freeze. All you do is put

the unopened one pound plastic bag time freezer.into the the When of Get in the Spirit! to out eat it, take packagecomes

freezerthe and use berries as if they

Bottled by fresh ones. Co.,,!RVi ICE eeiB"w"were Bottling CocaCola

Salt Lake City, Utah

Rhubarb, too, may be frozen.

Choose tender, young fresh stalks.

Wash under running water. Remove

stem and leaf ends, drain, cut into 1 indexes stillinch pieces. Pack into cartons, seal, TO THE CONCERNED PARENT 1959 Eraand freeze. available

foundation proper the getting to in include a 4c stamp months precious the Summer Use spelling, in reading by buildand To freeze cherries just wash, leave helpREADING?Is yourhim childexcel

on stems, put into cartons or quart ing a firm foundation in PHONICS—at home—the

jars, seal, and freeze. easy but professional way. The Improvement Era

techniques the free information for Write about to you in 50 North Main St. help cost materials needed and low

this important work. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Write To: TEACHER, Box 305, Reseda, Calif.

JULY I960 537 To freeze rolls or bread wrap airCOMFORT tight while still slightly warm. AND Heat frozen rolls at 400 degrees F.

for about 10 minutes.DURABILITY

IS average IT! Here is an an ordinary man, THIS

If being, enjoying comfort. he were human larger, No. 868 freezeFor partlythe bestbakedovenrolls,freshthen rollswhen

or smaller, he would still be comfortable in a you want to use them bake at 275

Durham folding chair. These wellbuilt chairs degrees F. for about 25 minutes.

are designed for the comfort of people! We would

not presume to read this man's thoughts, L but chances are ten to one were we to ask him Line ice cube trays with aluminum what make of folding chairs he'd buy, he'd say: foil to freeze baked beans, soup,

"This make!"It's a sure thing he'd be 100% hash, etc. When frozen solid take

sold when given the complete story of from tray and wrap airtight in

Durham construction and materials. aluminum foil.

: They insure full value for every

seating dollar. freezing pies do uncooked When fgb|

in the top before No. 875 not opening put an jfatf

freezing.

To freeze a frosted cake, quick freeze before wrapping. Then remove from freezer and wrap airtight

and return to freezer.

Unwrap cakes to thaw out.

Don't use mayonnaise on sandNo. 605R wiches to freeze.

Tubular or channel steel frames in many styles; All Hardcooked egg whites do not

steel; padded, upholstered freeze well.

seats and backs; wood

seats. Tablet armchair with

rack. sizes Chair wrap for When freezing waffles, put sepachildren acunder 10. Chair

cessories includebookracks rate sheets between them. To defrost

and kneelers. warm in toaster.

Three pound shortening cans are

Write for catalog. See why your best buy is Durham, good containers for freezing sauces,

etc. /"TESTED *% APPROVED AND V / in section. Freeze ice eggs cube I BY LEADING

* INSTITUTIONS FOR /J It frozen wrap. remove and When

is to *<VER track of easy the 50 VEA"V'keep THE. F\NEST METM FURN\TURE number

of eggs this way.

DURHAM MANUFACTURING CORPORATION MUNCIE, INDIANA

Try freezing green peppers in plastic bags—you will be happily surprised.

THE CENTER OF \ (\ CONVENIENCE ) jr, K MOTELNEW AMERICA Melchizedek Priesthood Page COVUfj

ROOMSSHOP (Continued from page 531) 320BEAUTY'BEAUTIFULMAINSALONAT fIFIH - B.OBBSRSOUTH

The Improvement Era is filled with worthwhile reading.

You'll want to read President McKay's monthly editorial—always

of inspiration.

the monthly article Then there's n Oifr. salt lake city a message

mmhui Utit Qkoppu omiL 2 domuk ptthmkti

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by President Joseph Fielding Smith entitled, "Your Question."the Missionary..

In the June and December issues, you'll receive the complete text of current general conference talks and special issues from time to time istinctive choice of carry pictures and articles of lasting programs to make the interest. farewell complete. The

I know you'll treasure your copies missionary's photograph of the Era and the Church Section, included in folded

Jerry, because so many of our servprogram.

icemen write to express their appreciation for them. Here's a letter from for 500

Korea, for instance. It reads: "Each and 85c per 100

month I receive The Improvement for more or less than 500

Era and can hardly wait to sit down plus postage and eat up the spiritual food contained therein. In the last two days The West's Finest

I have read the current issue from Printers and Binders cover to cover. I only hope and

pray that each bishop and quorum president spares no effort to get it to their men in the service."

Similar letters referring to the Era and Church News are received regularly.

You'll want to make the best use of your spare time in the service,

Jerry. One way to do this is to take

extension courses from Brigham

Young University. You can do this

through the United States Armed

Forces Institute at a very nominal cost. Just request that you be enrolled at the BYU when you register

with the Armed Forces Institute. A

catalog will be sent to you so that you can select the classes you would All this like to complete. The advantage of

enrolling of course, is"that at BYU, a substantial of reand more, excellent number ligion courses are available thewith along including a regular academic work.

You can expect to receive a letter Associated Press leastfrom me at once a month, Jerry. Washington, D.C

I'll send tracts missionary you from A.P. Wirephoto

totime try to time and keep you Chicago Daily News bureau,, leased to dateup on news. the ward Your

quorum presidency will write to Chicago Tribune you once a month, too. You should Dow Jones Business teletype to

to write often,remember home and and Financial News for a letterI will be looking occacover the sionally, too. New York News

Commentator: As this interview continues, Jerry will receive New York Times ntermountain

counsel from his bishop relative to Reuters Worldwide morality and personal chastity. He Area and 200

will be reminded of the blessings United Press promised to those faithful are who International News correspondentsin tithes of offerthe payment and ings and to those who keep the

Word of Wisdom. The bishop will assure good news

advise Jerry to have his own secret prayers every morning and night; coverage byto participate in the activities of SnTT

nearby wards and branches of the \X\

Pie Halt fake Sfrtbnne \ \i::A JULY i960 539 PORTABLE POWER CUTS YOUR COSTS Church. Jerry will be counseled to ward organization again when you

pursue a course of life which will return from the service. I know

make him a living witness of the you will make this time in the servdivine mission of the Church. He ice profitable both for yourself and

will be told that many converts are for the Church.

being made among servicemen and Commentator: Having comthat his time in the service can be pleted this interview, the bishop

a second mission for him if he lives should confer with the president of as he should and takes every availJerry's elders quorum.

able opportunity to tell his fellow Bishop: Brother Henderson, as

Smith servicemen about and Joseph is Goodfellow know, Jerry you gospel. of restoration the At the

service next for week. the leaving Siies—AOOVoltagfs,WaltPhases.to 10OKW—AllOthtr military in the United base one rethat will see I he sure you am conflict, the States during Korean DEPENDABLE USE POWER TOOLS WITH the the Church ceives and Era gained total baptisms of were 125 a

letters from Section, monthly and >-*-*- ELECTRIC in the servicemen from among the other the the same as quorum PLANTS single year. of a course OWER

You save 4 big ways with a Under the spirit of inspiration, servicemen from your quorum.

electric plant: W1NP0WER First PresiThe Commentator: will any spethe give Jerry bishop

idles plant automatically load when (1) responsibility has placed the... instruction fuel is off... cial cost cuts which he dency items of

lowers noise... extends engine may need. of sending subscriptions to the Era life;

(2) beatcosts allless competition;to buy... priced to Jerry: Bishop, I can't tell you and Church News upon the priestof the where holders quorums production supplying speeds by up much this little talk has helped hood

instant cost, on the job; how (3) low power conare Priesthood Melchizedek me. long dependable gives you and (4)

service by 35 years backed of Bishop: I have great confidence cerned, and upon the bishop for all experience. Portable manufacturing

cradle units or two wheel dolly in you, Jerry. I will be looking others. Quorum or ward funds

types.

FREE BROCHURE AND COMPLETE INFORforward to having you back in our may be used for this purpose.

MATION SENT BY RETURN MAIL.

WINPOWER MFG. CO.

Dept. NEWTON, IOWA

Distributed by L A. JONES CO.

1120 Richards St. Salt Lake City, Utah

2-5849 DA principle of order. God's house able Blessed Is the Faithful Teacher Ideal storis of order. Managing a house CONSTRUCTION - torHOME - FARM

CAMPING (Continued from page 515) age space is part of the teacher's adWELFARE and EMERGENCY PROGRAMS with fondness these added environministrative responsibilities.

mental conditions; they associate the

beauty of the gospel with the place Attitude where it is taught. A teacher's attitude toward his

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS "whole assignment"has much to do in the the impression he leaves with Supplies Materials and simple of Canker, in treatmentAids class gospel of members. minds The his assembles teacher wise A other throatsore minor mouth and Christ everyday teaches of an Jesus supplies bematerials and teaching irritations. throatand

life joyous, in resulting of erasers, way begins. class Chalk, the fore

HALLS REMEDY etc.,thumbtacks,are laidpaper,out readyflannel,beforehandpictures, happy,ers shouldthrillingradiateexperiences.this happiness.TeachSalt Lake City. Utah for immediate use. After class the Students should be able to feel an

teacher should see to it that these inward spiritual warmth when exitems are neatly put away. Courtesy posed to the proper religious engospel is a gospel vironment. The next to those thus who will shown NEED MONEY? teachers love. Students of and is adappreciated and the use room fast an easy, has for your way C & W

as the Lord's look should work upon to help appointed Students mired. to raise auxiliary funds. or Our ward

program is working with the LDS auxilin this way, also, learn about charthe source of the highest, most joyin iary groups which supply them we feelings of the soul. auxilous The work the building. Further, acter

with the (on material charge basis a and the lend inspiration should the of Lord represented iary organization by profit) approximately they that use 50% as a fund raising project. For full details teacher will gain stature by this to their desires, hopes, and ambitions.

without obligations write or send coupon administrative practice. Each student should gain an indito: Adequate storage space, properly vidual unshakable testimony that

managed, is a great teaching device this work is true. If teachers in their

all dett2435 WSouthWholesaleState StreetDistributorsL.D.S. Owned within itself. Students who pick up assignments are thorough in

P. O. 281 Box in a are buoyantly after tails happy Bibles, and and Operated their and notebooks,

Salt City Lake 15, Utah their lives positive, objective way, neatly, learnclass put them away

Ward - by doing and by example—the valuwill inspire students. Name

Address—

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

.

These Times

(Continued from page 484) of the social sciences. Current popular literature reflects, of course,

social science techniques. The following suggestions, however, go beyond

and constitute an elementary check list suggesting more formal resources from which administrators may formulate new approaches to their tasks. 1. The Demographic Group (Geography-History )

Geography (as a social science).

Administration occurs somewhere in place and in time. From geography

the "regional"concept of the total impact and influence of climate, topography, space, and location on human behavior deserves place in the conscious outlook of administraSAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION tors. A given decision occurs not 44 SOUTH MAIN, SALT LAKE CITY 160 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO

only in an office or in a particular building, but also in a neighborhood,

..a city, a regional section; or in the BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN - SEE

larger areal view, a culture, a civilization, the world. The reactions and

consequences, the relationships and SAVE WHERE EARNINGS repercussions involved in time and

HIGHER ARE of the finestspace, are in a sense geographic. In BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE. With one

.. less significant Savings thefar managed, most successful California.Verdugo in & Loan. compass, associations prac- V

in first trust deeds are iuested Where funds detailstical of location, of a water in rcridsiitial properties selected of space, or of lunchcooler, parking areas. growth v onsound or contributerestrooms, obviously commensurate rate the highest earn you Where pianos

to is up insured safety, account and each with successes. certain detract from But Insurance Loan Federal Savings and by the $10,000geography tells the administrator far V Corporation. Earnings paid quarterly.

more than office design and plant THE WORLD'S FINEST Save by mail with insured safety location and layout. It says much MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS

Accounts city considers to the manager who FOR CHURCH AVAILABLE by OR HOME opened tires; storing snowplows and snow July 11th FOR INFORMATION OR WRITE PHONE

from earn of in the "desks"Department to the

State; to the missionary or foreign July 1st. business executive. SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. 4V

History. Administration has a 3719 So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, Utah VERDUGO SAVINGS

past. That past has conditioned the and Sunland,Loan AssocialionCalifornia

fuinfluence the present and will of famous heart

California of Early Verdugonow Dart in old administrators ture. New Angeles.) lovely Land(InGranttheof greater Los

to handisubjected agencies can be score. -for* Leffovers to time caps from time on this

Too little is known of administrative GeorgeVERDUGOA. Campbell,SAVINGS President& LOAN ASSOCIATION

history in general, and of adminisKITCHEn CHARITl 8134 Foothill Blvd., Sunland, California

trative situations in particular. What WAXED PAPER Please send information about your Association

can a Secretary of Agriculture learn from his predecessors, from Joseph Family Tree of in Egypt, the White House staff, ConEVAN M. GREENE Zone State

stantine's palace, the Vatican? The born New York 1814—about 2,500 names

potentiality of history for "case including early family biography. Books

studies,"particularly to enrich the available $10.00 from G. K. Greene, 1168

preentry education of administraCenter St., Bountiful, Utah.

tors, has scarcely been tapped. RelaWRITE FOR - AVAILABLE field central tions and NOW between ORGANIC & NATURAL Social the offices begin with not did LISTING COMPLETE SUPPLEMENT balanced completely FOOD OF A JTJ{JEJ from minerals vitamins and all the containing of Administration 1935. Security Act

Choir Records of Tabernacle in a base Mormon compounded sources; natural studied and was with a phenomenon was coated parsley; cress, and water alfalfa, Recordings Columbia

chlorophyll. CENTRE day supply. 30 your for only $3.50 Send South Main I Calif. Reseda, Supply 305 Bliss Vitamin Box City, Utah j HIVI I RECORD47Salt Lake Zp

JULY 1960 541.

before Woodrow Wilson's essay. process, program, or policy correDiocletian's and Constantine's responds to his or her view of organizaorganizations of the Roman Empire tional history, may be better

are instructive. Every agency could understood in the light of sociological

profitably use and more thoroughly analysis. But more especially, the

develop historical materials from its nature of groups, group processes own past. History is significant for and group behavior in the organizasense of direction, purpose, leadertion may be stimulated from basic

ship, and behavior in organizations. sociological concepts.

The University of Utah, hardpressed Psychology. Tests, measurements,

So good for babies hadfor spaceforgottenin 1946,thatwithBrighamonly 146Young'sacres, counselingconsciously appliedin personnelin administrationwork, are original campus, laid out with a through what has essentially become...that Special partially completed stone wall, en- a psychological staff. Psychology is

compassed over 600 acres in 1850. enjoying the greatest popularity,

Morning Milk President A. Ray Olpin dug into the currently, of any of the social scirecords of 18501852, and redisences with 5,748 doctorates conferred

covered this fact. It helped in the in this country, 193656, compared

So easy to digest, Special Morning "reacquisition"in 1948 from the with 3,795 in economics, 4,240 in

Milk is the only evaporated milk US Government, 300 more acres near political science and a total for all tract, original social the sciences Fort ocDouglas, of 19,078—thirty

.. the especially developed for babies

1 cupied in percent since by the being Department psychology. War A

exmilk the only evaporated with 1862. for "history"lies The same the administrators problem some made

tra Vitamins A and D added in move "acceptable"to the local comin keeping this staff of specialists, the amount doctors believe best to munity. with their specialized knowledge and

help promote sound bones and 2. The Behavioral Group (Antechniques, geared to the organizateeth and build resistance to thropology, Sociology, Psychology) tion's objectives, and in maintaining

Anthropology. The "culture"consufficient insight into the whole perdisease.

cept, encompassing geography's sonality, its groups and cultural in- "regional"idea and reporting the fluences; to avoid (especially among

Ask your doctor about Special behavior of individuals, groups, and nonpsychologists in the organization)

Morning Milk for your baby! their interactions with the environ- "psychological determinism"(e.g.,

ment and each other, provides especonsigning a certain person to limbo cial stimulation for administrators. or organizational damnation on the

of tests basis "folkways"The customs and of the or measurements). TYPEWRITERS clientele, 3. of the region or Policy in areas Sciences The (Economics, Political operate, they.. 15 INCH.. which of office Science, the or Law)

SUITABLE FOR the organization itself, impose real Economics. Like psychology, ecoadministrative factors. Local mores nomics is thoroughly embedded in

often organization need structure usage, to be "swung"into place and GENEALOGY WORK behind a project. analytical, both in "pure,"Practices grow and

legal, around form. administrative, values or plied Other ecofrom SAVE!! apcustomary norms. include the nomics of view Policies may de25% to 60% pend on understanding a specific organization (for purposes of analythe

ON FACTORY REBUILTS norm. An organization itself is a sis) as an inputoutput economic

Write cultural system and needs to be seen system, and, a stimulus for constant

For Free Literature as such, readjustment in terms of possible

Sociology. The processes which economic "models."It is important

develop around leadership and folto build into such concepts and lowership, involve various techniques models more than accounting or staBusiness Machines and Supplies of response, including nullification. tistical "efficiency."Awareness of

757 So. State The methodology of "situational the role of attitudes, personality, beSalt Lake City 11, Utah analysis"within the culture or subhavior, is necessary. The effort to

culture of an organization reveals "telescope"the preceding insights increasingly, the role of personality from geography, history, anthropoland its influence on group behavior. ogy, sociology, and psychology is an

thereto, are all primary sociological Political Science. Any organizayou SAVE! Individual and group responses expanding concern of economics.

phenomena. The oldtimer who cantion is a political system. It has the

When you Shop at notknowsbe areleasedcertain orbranddismissed;of the whoorfundamental(1) leadership,politicalincludingproblemsobtainingof

ganization's "geography,""history,"agreement and consensus within the and "culture,"and who has carved organization; (2) consent, publicSAFEWAY out an organizational realm, within support, and acceptance for its exational of Science, Acudemy ProDoctorate Friend of the Family power"which heon orgroupshe exercisesopinion unlessa "vetoa duction in U.S. Universities p. 13, 1958. 193656,

Friend of the Farmer

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnics

ternal existence and operations; (3)

of "constitutionaltheuse of methods in internal obtaining agreement...twice the fun withism"

and external consent; e.g. consultation, deliberation, clear understandTABLE QUEEN BUNS processes, of policymakinging M

Sliced, for your to a package! convenience i'rM'v!0i'resultant 8definition of authority,

"limited government"under broadly Fresh... delicious! Enriched with vitamins and iron \W

understood (prospective and written) "law"and policies; understanding the organization as to how

policies and rules are changed (formally and informally); and, the

uses of policies, rules, and authority in adjusting conflicts and difficulties, including methods of appeal. The

concern of political science with the anatomy and physiology of the Wonderful Heavenly structure"within an organiza-"power WEINERS For HAMBURGERS interest for the Fortion has fundamental administrator.

Law. Like economics and psyFor Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS

chology, law already finds formal SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN establishment and use in modern administration. jg<5iMH{tI&iii@iBBBBIlBBBBB

From law, conceived as a social II111IIIIIIHIII11III science, the administrator needs to be aware with Holmes that the law (including the current rules of the organization) never is, but is always becoming; that the law can be"made"as well as "found"(John MomsL (PaL*** EBRANDD A M n

Austin's jurisprudential theory of positive law as distinguished from the natural law school and its traditions ) Seedless Kelsen's approach (the "pure RAISINS theory"of law) also has its daily uses in extracting from the existing BRIDAL GOWNS statutes, rules, legal opinions or pracFORMALS The World's Finest Raisins tices, a legal norm for purposes of DRESSES employing and providing in organLINGERIE izations the essential "negative;"or, BRBBBBBBBBBBflflBflflBBB

in providing mere time for experiFRESNO HOME PACKING CO. FRESNO, CALIF.

ential development of the adminisasm&nsnHHBHBHiiHHaacB trative process.

Law is more than a social lubricant. It is a device for reconciling

the relative needs in societies and FOLDKING groups for (1) stability and (2) change. An administrator has to say 38 South Main Salt Lake City

"no"frequently. Law and the other

social science disciplines provide vision and basis for affirmative, forward-looking action. When the rest

of the social sciences fail, theadministrator, society (or organizaFILMS! FOLDING TABLE LINE

social committees, Directfrom-tional practices) has provided "the DEVELOPED & PRINTED Kitchengroups, attention!

discounts up—that faclorylaw"to fall back on. From

Churches, to 40% prices—terms.

allstandpoint, the Schools, decisionmaking procand Lodges Clubs, ess may be reviewed and reexam- organizations.roe 1960 FoldKingOur newFoldingMonined. With new judgments and 7 MODELS. forBanquetquality,'Tablesdurability,are unmatchedconvenpolicies the administrator then may Copie SMOOTH,EASY HANDLING,ROLLING.STORAGE, anee.ience and68 Modelshandsomeandappearsizes. PHOTOSformulate carry through towards and

r GENEALOGYclearer goals. FREE—BIG 1960 CATALOG

Color pictures. Full line tables, chairs, table and chair trucks,

platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 52nd year. PHOTO

IP. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt Lake City, Ut.l THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

JULY 1960 543 The Last Word

A foreigner commented, "You Americans are strange Advertising is wonderful. What other medium

people. You devote one day out of the year to your could picture children going back to school with big

mothers, and an entire week to pickles."smiles on their faces?

Mrs. Jones had spent

some time exploring the The person who drifts lackadaisically into the new dusky recesses of a day has defeated himself. The future quickly becomes

famous antique shop in the past, and the promise of tomorrow is too often an eastern city. converted to the memory of what might have been.

"What is that quaint Take the day as you find it, but imbue it with your old figure in the corner enthusiasm and make it what you want it to be.

worth?"she asked at

last."About $50,000,"

whispered the horrified Don't think your children are entirely hopeless, look salesman. "That's the at your own old love letters.

proprietor."

Two Indians watched a white man building a lightTwo members of the current generation were house. One night after it was completed, the Indians sitting on a pier in the Virgin Islands with their legs

took up their accustomed stations as a thick fog started dangling in the water when a barracuda went swimto roll in. ming by.

"Ugh,"said one Indian to the other, "light shine, Suddenly one of them shouted, "Hey, a barracuda bell ring, horn blow, but fog come in just same."j'ust bit off my leg!"

"Which one?"his friend asked.

"How should I know which one?"was the answer.

To make a long story short, there's nothing like "Once you've seen one barracuda, you've seen them having the boss walk in. all!"

The question in the physiology examination It is said concerning Julius Caesar that upon any read: "How may one provocation he would repeat the Roman alphabet beattain a good posture?"fore he would suffer himself to speak, that he might

The country boy wrote: be more just and calm in his resentments, and also

"Keep the cows off of that he could forget nothing but wrongs, and rememit, and let it grow ber nothing but benefits.

awhile."

Thirty is a wonderful age—especially if you happen Posing the farmer and his collegeage son for a

to be forty. picture, the photographer suggested that the boy stand

with his hand on his father's shoulder.

The difference between gossip and news depends "If you want it to look natural,"said the longsuffer- upon whether you heard it or told it. ing parent, "he could put his hand in my pocket."

A wife pointed to her husband stretched out in the Natives who beat drums to frighten evil spirits away hammock and explained to her friend: "Fred's hobby are objects of scorn to smart Americans who blow horns

is letting birds watch him."in traffic jams.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE ONE BRAND NEW V >JX X v J,1\'Xjl that's all prime fillet, pressurebakedRECIPE our own way to protect the natural protein and flavor! For tuna

DEA! that's always moist, firm and tender, make your brand Chicken of

the Sea—the tuna with the mermaid on the label!

CHICKEN OF THE SEA TUNA ROSY RING

Prepare your favorite tomato aspic ring mold. At serving time, fill center of

ring with this salad: combine a 9 /4-oz. Family Size can or two 6M2OZ. cans of

drained Chicken of the Sea tuna, % cup quartered cucumber slices, % cup sliced celery. Mix \a cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon

lemon juice and M teaspoon salt. Add to tuna mixture.

Toss lightly. Spoon into center of aspic ring. Serves 6.

SQtlDWMITETjWA.

Solid White Albacore, tool Is one missing?

it takes three tO plail happineSS... The breadwinner,

the housewife, and the insurance consultant.

The future happiness of your family He's an expert on life insurance and can is all wrapped up in these three people. fill your insurance needs like a doctor's

The breadwinner is the head of the house. prescription. He can help you provide for

He knows what he wants in his family's the education of your children as well as future and just what the budget can afford your own retirement... yet keep everyto pay for it. The homemaker is the partthing within your budget.

ner, and like him has an important interest Don't rely on novices to help you with in that future. your insurance. When you need an expert,

Your Beneficial Life agent should be call an expert... call your Beneficial Life

the third member of this planning team. agent today.

Interested in a professional career as a

Beneficial agent? Ask the man who is one

ask your Beneficial agent about the many benefits that capable men enjoy in this rewarding profession.

BENEFICIAL LLEE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah