?/-"r FT

'*"ar Tcy tK -Jw mm mt'"",!//

iC sr

PJBZ*wrTOR?

wgWij ilwu iMJ * HlUJiWMWIIII. "H*

'gfttg-

I Religion and Science PROF. JAMES L. BARKER

Questions Considered J. M. SJODAHL

Heroes Buried at Sea HENRY SMITH CHAMBERLAIN TAKES OFF CLAUDE C. CORNWALL

MAINTAINING LAW AND ORDER H. C. SINGER

STORIES—AN INDIAN EXPERIENCE

—WHICH WAY?

/'ELLEN L. JAKEMAN—ELSIE H. BUCHANAN

"'""j""m'y>nniinil>riii'iiiiiii ii -my

i

.....:.::.:......:..-.::.....-. "..--. "-.ovarii

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Never Too Busy For Personal AttentionSTUDENTS'SUCCESS IS OUR—OUR

BIGGEST ASSET

L. D. S. Business College

ENROLL ANY MONDAY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WE NOW OFFER EVERY ELECTRIC SERVICE IN

YOUR HOME AT A Rate New Low Come in and let us explain fully the benefits this new low rate will bring to you.

Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

"I don't see why having your car overhauled should be such a depressing experience."

"You don't, eh? Well it was overhauled by a motorcycle cop."Life.

It was the evening after the night before.

"How did you find yourself this morning?"asked one wan participator

of another.

"Easily."was the reply. "I just looked under the table and there I was."

TitBits.

DIAMONDS AND WATCHES M, \M) ji:\\ Kim A-'li. 5 % if.'JJ3|

'iiiB%\ at unusua 'ly l"u prices Jensen's sk [ /JSt*""'if /jLgf\\ | Broadcasters of the Correct Time over KSL yyySsj m\ \ Watch and Jewelry Repairing

Ir \irJm're Convenient Terms lENSENSlEWELERS UVMAtNST. J E5T. 1575 x

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Models are Here! The NEW

MAJESTIC i*Mighty Monarch of the Air"

THE NEW 71MODEL ALLELECTRIC COMPLETE WITH ALL TUBES Placed in Your Home Reay $p ilf25 To

Tune In

The Air Is Full of Things You Shouldn't Miss

Send Coupon for Terms Catalogs—Prices—Easy

(IE) DaynesBeebe Music Co..

61 So. Main St.. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Send me FREE, postpaid with no OBLIGATION on my part—catalogs

of the NEW Majestic AllElectric Radio with prices and EASY TERMS.

Name Address

DaynesBeebe Music Co.,

"OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"61 SOUTH MTUiX, SALT LUKE GITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FEBRUARY, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. BALLARD, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

- - FrontispiecePortrait of Abraham Lincoln

From President Abraham Lincoln's Second

Inaugural Address - -267 RELIGION AND SCIENCE - Prof. James L. Barker 269

Heroes Buried at Sea -. Henry Smith 278

- Hugh J. Cannon 283The Pilot. Illustrated

TOBACCO - - Luther Burbank 286Some Questions....Considered J. M. Sjodahl 287

Along Life's Way. A Poem Lloyd O. Ivie 290

Lessons from Common Things Prest. F. S. Harris 291

Chamberlain Takes off Successfully at

Cherbourg Harbor. Illustrated Claude C. Cornwall 293

- - David Horton Elton 295SON OF MINE. A POEM

- - 296A Blanket of the Beautiful. Photo

Maintaining Law and Order Within the Arctic

CIRCLE H. C. Singer 297.... POEM Weston N. Nordgren 301BE GENTLE. A

WHY BE LAWOBSERVING? - - Grant Syphers, Jr., 302Thomas Hardy—An Appreciation Frank C. Steele 305

- Lula Greene Richards 307 "JESUS WEPT."A POEM - -

An Indian Experience - Ellen L. Jakeman 308

WHICH WAY? A STORY Elsie Hoffman Buchanan 312

Herbert Hoover - Mary C. Kimball 320....Joy E. L. Roberts 324Men Are that they Might Have

Love Pacifies and Elevates Joseph S. Peery 327....- - 328 Messages from the Missions. Illustrated Editors'Table—Shooting Through the Law 334

The Happiest Person I Have Ever Known Hardin Bennion 335

Priesthood Quorums - 336 Mutual Work - - 338 Church Events 353 The Personality of God William A. Morton 354

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, at secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on Julu 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: S2 per annum. Address; Room 406 Church

Office Building.

"6*Jb& EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

Prof. James L. Barker, of the Uniutterances, is an example of simple yet

versity of Utah, furnished the leading forceful English. It is a literary gem.

article for this issue. The question of Those who are familiar with it will

the relationship of science to religion gladly read it again; if any of our

is always an interesting one, and Prof. readers are unfamiliar they should cerBarker approaches the subject from a tainly study it.

new angle.

Can You Answer These Questions? Mrs. Mary C. Kimball's article on

Herbert Hoover, as a captain of inWhat per cent of the world's popudustry, is concluded in this number.

The story of this unusual man is a lation resides in the United States?

is the per capita wealth in themost fascinating one and will be read What with profit by all. Furthermore, it is United States?

intended that the Hoover article is to What in Belgium?

supplement the manual. "Captains of What is the comparative labor outIndustry."put in the United States and in China?

The picture of Keith W. Burt, who How many invisible slaves are

found a grave in the ocean when the working for you through the ultilizaVestris sank, together with a brief action of machinery?

count of his life, is presented herewith. These questions are answered in Dr.

This has seemed an appropriate time, Peterson's article, "The Great Ameralso, to give a few facts concerning the ican Inheritance,"in the December lives of all our missionaries who have number.

been buried at sea. When will the world's food producDr. F. S. Harris'short article on Air tion be less than food consumption?

is the second of a series in which some Page 121, December number.

of the common things will be treated. Why is water so valuable in preDr. Harris is presenting facts with venting rapid climatic changes? Page

which all should be acquainted, and is 213, January number.

doing it so clearly that none should How old was Herbert Hoover when have difficulty in understanding them. he became an orphan? Page 216,

January. Elder Claude Cornwall, a member of

its name?the M. I. A. General Board, who is How did Vermont get

recreation director of the United States Page 195, January.

Lines, has made more than fifty trips How many "Mormon"missionacross the Atlantic. He sends us picaries have died in the Turkish (now

tures and a short account of Clarence the Armenian) mission? Page 179,

D. Chamberlain's amphibian aeroJanuary.

plane, which was lowered from the How many have been buried at sea?

deck of the Leviathan and then took Page 278, this issue.

off from the Cherbourg harbor. Who was the first man in this disFebruary 12, being the Birthday pensation to be baptized in the king1of Abraham Lincoln, the Era presents dom of Saxony, Germany? Page 25

a picture of the great Emancipator, and January.

practically all of his second inaugural Who wrote "The Soul of China?"

address. This, like most of Lincoln's Page 340, this issue.

From President Abraham Lincoln's Second

Inaugural Address On the occasion corresponding to this four years ago all thoughts were anxiously directed to an impending civil war. All dreaded it, all

sought to avert it. While the inaugural address was being delivered

from this place, devoted altogether to saving the Union without war, insurgent agents were in the city seeking to destroy it without war seeking to dissolve the Union and divide effects by negotiation. Both

parties deprecated war, but one of them would make war rather than let the nation survive, and the other would accept war rather than let it perish, and the war came.

Oneeighth of the whole population were colored slaves, not distributed generally over the Union, but localized in the southern part of it. These slaves constituted a peculiar and powerful interest. All

knew that this interest was somehow the cause of the war. To

strengthen, perpetuate, and extend this interest was the object for which the insurgents would rend the Union even by war, while the Government claimed no right to do more than to restrict the territorial enlargement of it. Neither party expected for the war the magnitude or the duration

which it has already attained. Neither anticipated that the cause of

the conflict might cease with, or even before the conflict itself should cease. Each looked for an easier triumph, and a result less fundamental

and astounding. Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God,

and each invokes His aid against the other. It may seem strange that

any men should dare to ask a just God's assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces, but let us judge not, that we be not judged. The prayers of both could not be answered. That

of neither has been answered fully. The Almighty has His own purposes. "Woe unto the world because of offenses; for it must needs

be that offenses come, but woe to that man by whom the offense cometh."If we shall suppose that American slavery is one of those

offenses which, in the providence of God, must needs come, but which, having continued through His appointed time, He now wills to remove, and that He gives to both North and South this terrible war as the woe due to those by whom the offense came, shall we discern therein any departure from those divine attributes which the believers in a living

God always ascribe to Him? Fondly do we hope, fervently do we

pray, that this mighty scourge of war may speedily pass away. Yet, if

God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by the bondman's two hundred and fifty years of unrequited toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with the 'lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said three thousand years ago, so still it must be said, "the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether."

With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.

March 4, 1865 aoifci*...,.-<m&i

ikccsti'Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII FEBRUARY. 1929 No. 4

Religion and Science A COMPARISON AND A CONTRAST By Prof. James L. Barker, of the University of Utah

discoveries in science are usually accepted, though not alNEWways, within a short time after they are made. One hundred

years after the Prophet Joseph began giving new religious truths to the world, his teachings are accepted by only a very small part of the earth's population: and, a hundred years after His death,

the mission of the Savior had met with no more general favor. Why

this difference in the readiness with which the world accepts scientific and religious truth? Is it that scientific truth can be tested and, on

the contrary, religious truth can not?

It is generally agreed that it is possible to test much, if not all.

of scientific theory. Is it likewise possible to test the beliefs of religion? If religious belief can be tested, wherein do methods.of

evaluating and testing truth in science and religion agree and wherein do they differ? If science and religion are in harmony, will they

continue to be in accord tomorrow and next year?

Religion is held by some in less high regard than formerly because they think that its beliefs are in conflict with science. Others

point out an essential agreement in the facts of religion and science.

Be that as it may. it would seem that it is not sufficient to indicate

an agreement at any given moment in order to reconcile religion and science, but rather a demonstration is needed that eventually there can be no conflict and consequently any disagreement that may possibly exist today or tomorrow can not be vital.

Temporary disagreement alone does not seem to be fatal either in religion or science. In religion there have been conflicting beliefs:

during the life time of Jesus, the Gospel was thought to be for the children of Israel only: after the vision given to Peter, it was preached

to the Gentiles: before the time of the Savior, signs were sometimes

given to demonstrate the divine calling of the servants of God.

Aaron's rod was changed to a serpent, the false prophets were consumed by fire: on the contrary. Jesus condemned those who should

seek after a sign.

fa.. 19Z9 270 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In science, progress may be said to be achieved by a series of disagreements: an old theory is confronted with a new one at variance

with it and frequently has to make place for it. The belief that the

earth is flat is confronted with the theory that the earth is round.

The philosophy that the universe consists of four elements, earth, water, air and fire, has no longer any but historical interest. The

accepted belief in the indivisibility of the atom is shaken by the electron theory, etc.

Within the same science, conflicts are constantly found. Usually

one of the contradictory views is finally accepted and the other rejected, or it may happen that neither gains ultimate favor and both make way for a third, which in turn may yield to another and so on through the course of the centuries.

Again there are conflicts between science and science. The

French philosopher Auguste Comte regarded the reconciliation of such conflicts as the chief task of philosophy. Such a fundamental

conflict between bacteriology and that particular theory of evolution which involves the stipulation of spontaneous generation, is presented in the following quotation:

"Of all the problems with which man's mind has wrestled the most perplexing is that concerned with the origin of life, embracing as it does the problems of humanity's own origin. Even before science came into being, the

most daring thinkers of every age attempted to find some explanation of it.

* * * So long as man imagined a Creator under human form he supposed the gods to be creators of all living things. * * * As time went on it

was thought that natural forces were in themselves capable of causing germination, under the action of the sun's rays, either in the secret depths of the ocean or in the bosom of the often regarded as the great mother of all earth—so capable of forming themselves into organisms. To this, thebeing—were

doctrine of spontaneous generation, Joly, Archimede, Pouchet and Musset attempted to give scientific form. It was the doctrine that Aristotle had already

advanced: it had been accepted by Lamarck; defended against Pasteur by

scientists such as Musset. Joly, and Pouchet, favored by the medical men,

extolled by the most materialistic philosopher, it finally took on, in the nineteenth century, a quasiscientific air.

"It must be admitted that though the remarkable experimental researches of Pasteur opened up unforeseen perspectives to medicine and surgery and provided curative art with a new kind of precision and new methods with inexhaustible possibilities, they were, at the same time, the source of endless difficulties for the scientific philosophy of the day. * * * the new thinkers argued that if protoplasm really existed * * * it might be obtained

artificially by chemical processes. * * * All this beautiful dream the

experiments of Pasteur threatened to destroy at one blow. * * * To

\reject] the foolish theory of spontaneous generation was to undermine the whole doctrine of evolution which had proved so satisfactory to man's reason and had. moreover, been substantiated by so many facts."1

*The Earth Before History. Perrier. Alfred A. Knopf, New York. 1925, pp. 5973.

Italics mine.

Feb.. 1929 RELIGION AND SCIENCE 271

Such conflicts are not found in the known facts of the different sciences, but in the deductions drawn from the facts. Pasteur's

experiments led to the conclusion that spontaneous generation has diffino basis in fact. This conclusion "was the source of endless

culties for the scientific philosophy of the day."To [reject] the

foolish theory of spontaneous generation was to undermine the whole doctrine of evolution * * *

Conflicts of this kind must cease to exist if, and only when, both theories are tested by experience. If only one of the theories

is ever tested by experience and the other remains an apparent but unconfirmed logical deduction from known facts, then the contradiction may continue indefinitely.

Though a disagreement in conclusions leaves the mind unsatisfied, the conflict is much more serious when it consists of the manner or methods of arriving at conclusions themselves. This fundamental

conflict in methods exists between the science of the Middle Ages and the science of today; between the Apostolic Church and the churches

of the Middle Ages; between science and most, though not all, of the

churches today.

The scholastic science of the Middle Ages was based largely on tradition, authority, and logical deductions uncontrolled by experiment or experience. The traditions handed down from the time of

the Apostolic Church and the scriptures were authoritative in theology. "From the thirteenth century to the Renaissance, the church

regarded Aristotle as the father of the dialectic, the model for metaphysical thinking, and the encyclopedia of science."3

Isolated opinions, such as the following, were in accord with modern scientific method and in irreconcilable conflict with the methods of the scholastics: "In 1348, a bachelor of theology,

Nicolas of Autricuria, had the boldness to present the following theses to the Sorbonne: ( 1 ) We shall easily and quickly reach certain

knowledge, if we abandon Aristotle and his commentaries, and devote ourselves to the study of nature itself. * * *

Bacon called attention "to the barrenness of the scholastic logomachies, the necessity of observing nature and of studying the languages, but he recognizes, even more clearly than his namesake of the sixteenth century, the capital importance of mathematical deduction as an auxiliary of the experimental method.'"

"The two maxims of Galileo's method were: (1) science must

2Ibid.. pp. 60. 61.

History of Philosophy. H. E. Cushman. Houghton Mifflin Co.. Vol. II. p. 21.

'History and Philosophy, Weber. Longmans Green and Co.. London. 1908, p. 257.

"Ibid., p. 25 8.

"-''272 IMPROVEMENT ERA M..

be independent of all authority except itself; and (2) all inference

must be derived from observation and experiments.'"

The religion of Luther and the religion of the Catholic church were in essential harmony as to method with scholastic science, and both religion and scholastic science were in sharp conflict with the religious method of the Apostolic Church, with the scientific method of Galileo, Bacon, and all precursors of modern science.

These conflicts in scientific method are much more fundamental and, consequently, more vital than mere contradictory conclusions resulting from the application of the methods. Likewise differences

in beliefs and dogmas, though disquieting, are less serious than a conflict of method. The conflict in method is basic, so basic that in

science conflicting results obtained by the application of a false method would have little interest other than that of curiosity.

Though the Pharisees and the Sadducees were disagreed as to the doctrine of the resurrection, there existed only a negligible gap between them as compared with the gulf which separated both of them from

Jesus: they differed from each other only in doctrine and manner

of living, both of them relying on the authority of tradition and the scriptures; but from Jesus and his disciples they differed fundamentally as to the means of arriving at the truth: Peter and Paul had seen

the risen Christ, received visions and enjoyed the companionship and the revelations of the Holy Ghost. They spoke from experience

and consequently, like the Master, as "having authority."

the churches have remained On the whole the methods of "scholastic,"depending on tradition, authority (of the church or of the scriptures) and on logical deduction. Science has abandoned

the scholastic method and developed the method of Galileo. Howis always present toever, in both science and religion, the tendency

go beyond the known facts and to draw conclusions that have not been verified by experiment or experience.

Just as science had known something of the experimental method before the age of scholasticism, so at various times during the periods covered by the Old and New Testaments, religion, too, was based on experience. Only science and religion that are based on

experience can definitely be known to be true; the religion and the

science that are based on tradition, authority and logical deduction uncontrolled by experience are so subject to error that they may be regarded as unprogressive and false, and are usually found in a sterile

If true religion as well as true science is based on experience, can religious belief be tested like the theories of science, or is there a difit explain the comference? What is this difference, if any, and does

'History of Philosophy Cusbman. Houghton Mifflin Co.. Vol. II. p. 43. 44.

Feb.. 1929 RELIGION AND SCIENCE 17

paratively slow acceptance of religious belief as compared with that of scientific theory? It may be well to look a little more closely at

the methods of both.

In science as well as in religion new truth is usually announced to the world by a single individual. In publishing his work he

makes a statement of his observations and experiments and of his results and conclusions. Readers of the article, having the necessary

previous training, interest and confidence in the scientist, may repeat the observations and experiments. If the results are the same, they

accept the truth of the discovery; if no results or different results

are obtained, they are inclined to conclude there has been some error or omission in repeating the observations and experiments. But, if

checked by a number of observers and experimenters until all possibility of error in the experiments is excluded and the results pointed out are not obtained, the conclusion is then reached that no new truth has been discovered.

A discovery in pure science is first accepted by everybody, if at all, on the testimony of the original discoverer; afterwards, this acceptance or belief becomes knowledge for the individuals who personally perform the same experiments with identical results; for all

others it continues to remain belief ( or disbelief) based on testimony.

In applied science, a new invention may be demonstrated in part to a passive or even unwilling subject, for example the phonograph, the incandescent light bulb, the radio, hydraulic fourwheel brakes, etc. Nevertheless, even here it is easy to exaggerate the passivity of

the subject. When the phonograph was first demonstrated to the

French Academy of Sciences, there were cries of "charlatan"and of "fraud."A certain personal examination was necessary to convince the French savants that they were not the victims of a clever

and unscrupulous ventriloquist.

In accepting discoveries in pure science, the intellect alone is ordinarily concerned. The individual who faces the acceptance or

rejection of the new discovery is not affected economically or otherwise. Rarely is he affected in his reputation, prejudices, etc.. i. e..

rarely is his will concerned. When his will is concerned in pure

science, acceptance is slow as in the case of some of the discoveries of

Pasteur. In applied science, the economic interests (and hence the

will) are concerned; often new inventions are frankly accepted only

when patents expire. Are all kinds of automobile brakes, all radios,

all washing machines equally efficient, or are the makers ignorant as to which are the best? Whv did some automobile manufacturers

advertise that the electric selfstarter, fourwheel brakes, etc., were

premature and unreliable? Is it not obviously because their product

was not so equipped and an admission of the superiority of a rival 274 IMPROVEMENT ERA Feb.. if 29

machine would have diminished their sales? Wherever the will is

involved in pure science (and that is only rare) or in applied science (and that is usually the case) acceptance is slow; wherever the intellect alone to the exclusion of the will is involved, acceptance is

ready and rapid, frequently without much scrutiny of the evidence.

New religious truths are first learned, though not always, from the experience of one individual. Peter alone saw the cloth full

of unclean beasts let down from heaven; Paul alone had the vision

as to the fate of the ship on the way to Rome and even he alone saw and heard all that occurred in the vision on the way to Damascus;

Joseph Smith alone had the first vision in which he saw both the

Father and the Son; Moses alone had the vision on Mount Sinai.

Moses testified as to the will of God and others were under the necessity of believing or rejecting his testimony; to confirm the testimony,

signs were given apparently to good and bad alike, the will being involved but little or not at all.

In the new dispensation, the account of Peter, supported by scripture and the testimony of the other apostles: "And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews, and in

Jerusalem; whom they slew and hanged on a tree; him God raised up

the third day and shewed him openly; not to all the people, but

unto witnesses chosen before of God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead, and he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be judge of the quick and the dead"(Acts 10:39-

, was believed by many of the assembled multitude on the day of44)

Pentecost, since they "were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?"Now, here, just as in science, the account of those who had had the experience could be accepted by others, but those who had thus accepted their testimony could not know for themselves until they had had a similar or the same experience. As the scientist indicates

how his results may be obtained, so Peter indicated likewise how the gift of the Holy Ghost could be obtained; "Repent, and be baptized

every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."Acts 2:37, 38.

Because the twelve had already done these things, they had been told:

"Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all

Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth."

Acts 1:8. It was by this same means of repentance, etc., that the

hearers of Peter received the confirming testimony of the Holy Ghost, changing their belief to knowledge in fulfillment of the words of

Feb.. 1929 RELIGION AND SCIENCE 275

Peter: "And we are witnesses of these things: and so is also the

Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him.''Acts

5:32.

In religion the will is involved even more constantly and completely than in science. This is recognized in the scriptures: "Gloria

in altissimis Deo, et in terra pax hominibus bonae voluntatis. (Glory

in the highest to God and on earth peace to men of good will)."

Latin Vulgate, Luke 2:13, 14. And it would appear that the

Gospel of Christ could bring peace to no others: it could not bring

peace to Judas.

When the rich young man was asked to sell all he possessed, to give it to the poor and to follow Jesus, the young man's will was seriously involved. But that is perhaps exactly what Peter and James

and John and the others of the twelve had already done. In the

Savior's personal ministry, his will was involved even unto death.

It is especially in the process of arriving at the truth that the difference between science and religion is greatest. As already seen

in pure science the will is involved less than in applied science, but in both it is easily possible to test the truth though with the intention of denying it afterwards. For example, an automobile manufacturer could test the relative efficiency of his brakes as compared

with those of a rival company, learn that the rival brakes were superior and continue to advertise to the public that his machines were provided with the best brakes on earth. His good or bad will

or the purpose to which he desires to put his knowledge would in no way affect the experiment.

In religion, repentance is an essential part of the experiment or experience. Things done must be left undone, weaknesses overcome,

and the believer's will subjected to the will of the Heavenly Father, and to the degree only that this is done is it possible to test religious truth. The will is involved in the very process of arriving at

the truth itself.

Were the will not involved in arriving at the truth, our decisions as to right and wrong conduct in life would have but little ethical value. If without doing right, without obedience to the will

of God, without apparent sacrifice, we could know that Jesus is the

Christ and that God is our Heavenly Father, we would tend to calculate selfishly which line of conduct would be most to our advantage and act accordingly. Pascal's famous wager in his

"Pensees"would indicate that there is some tendency to do this as it is: Pascal thought that if he bet that God existed and acted as if God

was, he had made a good bet because if he lost the bet and God did not exist, he would lose nothing anyway; but if he should win the

ft*.. I9Z9276 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bet and God does exist, he would win everything. Such a wager

probably has no religious or ethical value.

For the same reason it is clear why witnesses to the resurrection of Christ, to the Book of Mormon, etc., are given. It is likewise clear

why compacts between two individuals that the one who dies first shall return and visit the other can not be kept, why spiritualism striving to learn concerning the afterlife with methods other than those affecting the will can not be of God. Had Jesus forced the

knowledge that he is the Christ on mankind by appearing in splendor and power to all the world; were it possible and were men given the

knowledge that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God by permitting all the world to examine the plates; were it possible to obtain knowledge of things divine in any way that would not involve the will in

the experiment; then the prime condition of our coming to this earth

previous memory being taken be destroyed, and—our away—would

our choice of the path of conduct would not have the same ethical value that it now has.

The element of the will in making the religious experiment largely explains the fact that members of a church based on individual experience have different one is sure experiences—testimonies;

he does not know, another is in doubt whether he knows or not, another is certain he knows, etc.; a young man has been baptized, but

says he has no personal experience confirming his testimony—no

belief. If to change his will were as easy as to turn the controls on

the radio, all would be easy. Going to the radio and turning the dial,

he is sure at a given moment that he hears only the hum that indicates life in the receiver; a slight turn of the "clarifier"and at

moments he thinks words he can not distinguish are indistinctly audible; a better tuning of the wave length and he knows that a

station, though only partly intelligible, is "coming in;"a further

slight adjustment and a twist of the "volume control"and all is certainty and clarity. Should the station be distant and should he

not be able to get it again, he may in time doubt that he had ever obtained it.

In the religious experiment, the "controls"are involved with the will: "peace on earth to men of good will,""and so is also (a

witness) the Holy Ghost whom God hath given to them that obey him."Progressively the believer passes from doubt to uncertainty,

to clarity in the measure that he "does the will:"leaves that which is

contrary to the will of God, yields obedience to all the requirements of service: tithing, service in the Priesthood at home and in the

the experience ofmission field. We wonder at the certainty of

Joseph Smith, Wilford Woodruff, Paul, we should marvel at their will in action which made the experience (testimony) possible. Such

277Feb.. 1*2 RELIGION AND SCIENCE

a will in action makes possible the experience of Paul: "But I certify

you brethren, that the Gospel which was preached of me is not after man. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, bui

by revelation of Jesus Christ."Galatians 1: 1 1, 12.

Some are stopped very early in the religious experiment. They

are willing to do what God requires but object to any requests for service being made by their bishop, president of the stake or of the

Church. As long as they maintain the position, their "good will"

is never in action and the religious experience that gives the knowledge called a testimony is impossible.

In science, the intellect is chiefly involved; the will'is not concerned in arriving at the truth, but only in recognizing it afterwards;

in religion, the will is involved in the very means of arriving at the truth, and the religious experience is possible only in the degree that one has "good will."The means of arriving at the truth—expeis the same in both, but since science will serve any will, goodrience—

or bad, it suits all purposes, and tends towards universal acceptance.

With religion, we shall judge ourselves: "their condemnation shall

be that they loved darkness better than light."

As long as we live short human lives, our experience and consequently our knowledge must be incomplete and experiences rarely and deductions frequently may seem contradictory. However, real,

permanent conflict will exist only between true science and false science, true religion and false religion, true religion and false science, true science and false religion.

But between that science and that religion that are based on experience there can ultimately be no conflict, and in both fields the truth may be pursued, taking care to distinguish between experimental fact, or experience, and inference, with the consciousness that truth is only one.

'In an ethical or altruistic sense.

America has proved that it is practicable to elevate the mass of mankind that portion which in Europe is called the laboring, or lower, raise class—to

them to selfrespect, to make them competent to act a part in the great right and great duty of selfgovernment: and she has proved that this may be done

by education and the diffusion of knowledge. She holds out an example a

thousand times more encouraging than ever was presented before to those ninetenths of the human race who are born without hereditary fortune or hereditary rank. Daniel Webster.

Heroes Buried at Sea By Henry Smith RE the missionaries of our Church specially A'guarded as they go unselfishly into the world to proclaim the restored Gospel?

The recent sinking of the illfated Vestris, in which one

Latterday Saint missionary, Keith W. Burt, lost his life and

another, David H. Huish, was

miraculously rescued from a watery grave, has given rise on all sides to the foregoing question.

When one remembers the many thousands who have gone from headquarters into strange lands, meeting the changes in climate, food, etc.,

one must certainly answer this question in the affirmative, in view of the exceedingly small percentage of fatalities.

It is not intended in this ELDER KEITH W. BURT WHO WENT DOWN article to offer an excuse for

WITH THE "VESTRIS"the Vestris disaster or for the loss of the life of the "Mormon"elder or of the scant few who have preceded him in death while traveling to and from their fields of labor or while serving diligently in the mission field. The intention is to review briefly

just a few of the tragedies involving our missionaries while away from their homes and loved ones.

Of the many thousands of elders sent out into the world as missionaries during the existence of the Church, the records show that approximately 400 have died while stationed in the various mission fields or while traveling. Of this number, three have met death by

accident and four have died while at sea, and their bodies were lowered into the ocean as a final resting place. A number of elders

from various causes have died and have been interred at the place of their death.

Feb.. 1929 HEROES BURIED AT SEA 279

The most recent, and perhaps the most tragic, of the three i accidental deaths was the one of Elder Keith W. Burt, bound for the

South American mission, who was listed among the 111 missing passengers of the steamship Vestris, which sank in November, off the Virginia capes.

Elder Burt was born in Cardston, Alberta, Canada, on September,19. 1908, the son of William W. and Edith Wynder Burt. He

traveled from Salt Lake City to New York in company with Elder

David H. Huish and, on the afternoon of November 10, boarded the

S. S. Vestris, en route with Elder Huish to the South American

mission. When two days out from land the vessel, which had been

in distress jfor many hours, sank before many of the passengers and crew were able to leave the sinking vessel in life boats.

According to the account of the accident told in the Era of last month by Elder Huish, the last seen of Elder Burt was when he was cast from a life boat which had not been loosened as the big ship turned over and settled into the ocean with a mighty plunge.

The first and only other fatal accident to missionaries was the explosion of the boiler of the steamer Ada Hancock, on April 27, 1863, which resulted in serious loss of life. Among those killed

were Elders Thomas Atkinson and Hiram S. Kimball, two Latterday Saint missionaries bound for the Sandwich Islands to do missionary work among the natives.

Elder Atkinson was born September 9,,1810, in Mansfield,

New Jersey, the son of Collin and Nancy Atkinson. Elder Kimball

was a Utah pioneer of 1850, and was the son of Phineas and Abigail

Kimball.

Both elders were set apart and blessed as missionaries to the

Sandwich Islands on March 1, 1863, by Apostles John Taylor and

Wilford Woodruff. They left Salt Lake together and boarded the

Ada Hancock, a small vessel employed as a tender in carrying passengers from the wharf at San Pedro, California, to the steamer

Senator, which at that time was at anchor in deep water about five miles from the landing.

While nearing the larger steamer, which was to carry them to their fields of labor, the boiler in (the steam room of the small boat exploded, killing forty of the passengers and crew, including the two missionaries.

Because of existing laws and customs in various foreign countries in which missions are established, a number of the elders have of necessity been buried at the place of their death. But the Church

records show that only four of the missionaries, during the long period since its restoration, have departed from this earthly existence

Feb.. 1919 280 IMPROVEMENT ERA

while on board a ship at sea, and found a final grave at the bottom of the ocean.

Superstitious beliefs of the sailors or inadequate embalming facilities have in the past made it almost impossible for a body to be carried on board ship longer than twentyfour hours after death.

The first "Mormon"elder to die and be buried at sea was

Knowlton F. Hanks. Elder Hanks left Nauvoo June 1, 1843, after

being set apart for the Pacific Islands mission, and on October 9, arrived in New Bedford, Mass., in company with Elders Addison

Pratt, Noah Rogers and Benjamin F. Grouard, all of whom were

bound for the same mission. Their journey took them around Cape

Horn, so much dreaded by sailors, and after nearly a month of the long voyage had been completed, Elder Hanks became ill and died on November 3. He was the first missionary of the Church to be

buried at sea. [

The second recorded death of this nature was that of Elder

Feramorz L. Young, a son of Brigham Young and an intimate

boyhood companion of President Heber J. Grant.

Elder Young was born in Salt Lake City, September 16, 1858, and passed his early boyhood there, studying at his father's private school and later at the University of Deseret, now the University of Utah. He entered the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis,

Maryland, in September, 1874, having been appointed to the place by Delegate George Q. Cannon. He continued there successfully

for two years and resigned in favor of the Rensselaer Polytechnic

Institution at Troy, N. Y., which he entered in 1877, and was

graduated two years later with high honors.

On November 13, 1880, he was set apart for the Mexican mission by Apostle Wilford Woodruff and accompanied Elder Moses

Thatcher to that country, arriving in Mexico City in December of that year.

Elder Young was an intelligent, refined and lovable young man and became a most exemplary missionary, traveling about our neighbor republic on the south, preaching the Gospel to the natives.

ill with a slight fever, and as heOn September 6, 1881, he became gradually grew worse he was placed on the steamer Knickerbocker, bound for home. Elder Moses Thatcher accompanied him. When

about one hundred and ten miles from Havana, on September 27, 1881, Elder Young died and was buried at sea.

Elder Willard Snow, a brother of the late Apostle Erastus

Snow, was born in St. Johnsburg, Vermont, May 6, 181 1. In the

spring of 1834, with other members of his family, he journeyed to Kirtland, Ohio, and while there became a member of the first quorum of Seventy.

..1929 HEROES BURIED AT SEA 281

Elder Snow spent a number of years in various eastern missions and traveled from place to place with the muchpersecuted Saints and finally, after many privations, arrived in Great Salt Lake valley, where he immediately became a counselor to President Daniel Spencer of the Salt Lake stake.

Brother Snow was called to the European mission in September, 1851, and arrived in Liverpool the following March. On March

18, 1852, he was appointed to succeed his brother, Erastus, as president of the Scandinavian mission. He traveled from England to

Denmark, where he labored diligently to learn the language and to discharge successfully the duties of his calling.

While addressing a conference of elders in Copenhagen on

August 15, 1853, he was attacked by a violent illness. He was

blessed by the elders and three days later took passage on board the steamer Transit, bound for Hull, England. When only a few miles

from Hull, on August 21, Elder Snow died. Despite the earnest

pleading and entreaties of Elders P. O. Hanson and H. P. Jenson,

who were accompanying him to England, the body was laid at rest in the ocean.,

The latest burial at sea was that of Elder Rulon C. Haacke, of

the Second ward in Salt Lake, who died February 25, 1911, while returning from a mission to New Zealand, where he had labored very faithfully. Elders traveling with the boy pleaded with the captain

of the ship to be allowed to take the body to Salt Lake City. The

captain refused the offers of extra fare and only under considerable pressure were the accompanying elders allowed to hold short services before the body was lowered into the ocean. A sad feature of this

death was that Elder Haacke's father was awaiting the arrival of his son in San Francisco, and did not know of his death and burial until the other elders had landed.

All these gallant soldiers of the Gospel, these devoted followers of the Master, deserve the admiration of their fellows. They went out

in humility and in selfsacrificing spirit with but one do desire—to

good to others, to bring to their fellowmen a message of salvation which they testified with their last breath to be the living truth revealed in this day by the Almighty. They, of course, did not expect to die while away from home and loved ones; but even that

supreme offering they were ready, if need be, to make for those for whose benefit they were working.

These incidents are singularly sorrowful ones, made more so perhaps because of their rarity, and condolences with the families of these heroes are widespread and sincere.

a. w

x y qS2

""I >O h X a g

< E;

7.5

U HI H

Zouwz p 'm ih

23z

s in

< z </3 Oz Hi -Jozw am5 ttl H -BSO The Pilot By Hugh J. Cannon

who fly, either with airplanes or with automobiles, soonMENlearn to view the most hairraising exploits nonchalantly.

A story is told of Dean C. Smith, a boyishlooking airmail

pilot in the East. One dark night he had to fly with the mail in the

face of a heavy wind, which changed to a terrific gale as he gained altitude. He was therefore compelled to keep close to the earth, a

most dangerous course in the inky blackness. No beacon lights were

discernible, consequently he lost all his bearings and did not know whether he was 1,000 feet or 100 inches above the mountains which had to be crossed. Suddenly he felt his right wing scrape against

something and instantly turned his plane upwards. In due time the

lights of the city which was his objective appeared, and after making a safe landing, he climbed from his plane and stretched himself. Collier's Weekly gives this further account:

''Hey, Dean,'hails a mechanic, 'this wing tip is full of green stains and twigs. Have you been trying to push over some trees?'

But Dean is already strolling away. For he is the pilot who once

turned in this classic flight report:

''Dead stick place available, on [lever]—flying low—only '

cow. Killed me. Smith.'cow—wrecked plane—scared

And in this same matterof-fact way, David A. Jenkins, known

in every state in the Union as "Ab,"views his own performances.

Ab, being an automobile driver, is supposed to stay on the earth, though he occasionally leaves it for a fleeting moment. He is a

softspoken, modest fellow, no longer a boy though he looks it;

but when one feels the viselike grip of his hand, one concludes that it is possible for such a hand to hold a car on the road at ninety miles an hour even when a blowout occurs; and a look into his steelblue eyes indicates, not only the physical power, but also the strong

nerves of the man.

On the floor of the Studebaker Corporation, at South Bend,

Indiana, stands a sedan bearing the license number, "Utah. 10,000."

On the side of the car are the words, "Ab Jenkins, Building Contractor, Salt Lake City."Of course this sedan has a history or it

would not occupy its present place; and it is in historic company, for

nearby is the carriage in which Abraham Lincoln rode to the capitol in Washington to make his inaugural address. Also the carriage

284 IMPROVEMENT ERA Feb.. 1929

which was given to Lafayette, the French soldier so greatly beloved in America, has a place there.

"Utah, 10,000"is considerably the worse for wear, and no wonder. It had seen hard service before Jenkins was challenged to

beat the fastest trains across the continent. Accepting this challenge,

after obtaining as many letters as possible from officials giving him permission to drive rapidly over clear roads, he left New York in it on August 20, 1917, at eight p. m., Eastern time, and reached San

Francisco on September 2 at 10:40 p. m., Pacific time, 3302 miles

in 77 hours 40 minutes, including all stops for gas, oil, repairs, etc.

And he drove every foot of the way himself without sleep. He beat

the time of the fastest trains by 22 hours and 31 minutes, including their stops, or 12 hours and 16 minutes better than their actual running time. It may be stated here that he always observes the

"Stop"signals while driving through cities. It is perhaps unnecessary to say that he also observes the "Go"signals.

The time that Ab momentarily left the earth was during this drive. The wonder is that he did not leave it permanently. As

he was approaching Lincoln, Nebraska, at a ninety mile an hour not on the regular road, for that was being repaired, but onclip—and

a came unexpectedly upon a rightangle turn. To stop detour—he

the flying car was as impossible as it would be to stop,a speeding railroad train by throwing a lasso over the engine's smokestack; to

attempt to make the turn meant an upset and almost certain death.

Ab set his jaws grimly; thoughts of the past and hopes for the

future raced through his mind, keeping pace with the revolving wheels which were driving the car forward at the rate of 132 feet every second. It is said that this man has no nerves, but he must

have felt them tingle just a bit as he deliberately drove straight ahead, and the car was so nearly flying that it jumped the ditch, touched the incline bank on the opposite side, cleared a barbedwire fence and traveled thirty feet through the air before alighting right side up in a corn field with the driver unhurt. The body of the

car was cracked and two wheels had to be replaced, but after this was hastily done Jenkins proceeded serenely on his way.

This man's most notable achievement, thus far, as a driver was completed at 3:13% in the morning of November 8, 1928, when he

climbed out of the car which he had driven more than 2,000 miles in 24 hours. The essentials of this story are told in an official letter

from Washington to Mr. Jenkins, dated November 19, 1928, part

of which we quote:

"The records of the Contest Board show that in a test conducted under Official Sanction No. 2099 over the Atlantic City U/2-

mile Board Speedway, starting at 3:13.30 a. m., Wednesday, NoFeb.. 1929 THE PILOT 285

vember 7, 1928, and finishing at 3: 13.30 a. m., Thursday, November

"8". drove singlehanded a Studebaker President8, 1928, you

2,019.786 miles at an average speed of 84.158 miles per hour.

"While this is not the first time a car has been driven 24 hours without relief, the distance covered by you exceeds the best previous singlehanded performance by 200 miles. Furthermore, it is the

first instance under AAA supervision where the driver remained continually in his seat.

"Arthur H. Means,

"Assistant Secretary Contest Board."

As is indicated in the letter, Jenkins did not move from the wheel for an instant during the entire drive. He took neither food

nor water and did not take any stimulant. Stops were made for

gasoline, which was driven into the car under high pressure to save precious seconds, and three times wheels had to be replaced because of blowouts, but these changes were made by a crew of experts who worked so rapidly that the stops averaged only 30 seconds each.

The board track which, on the turns, is built on an incline of 47 degrees was torn up occasionally by the terrific speed. Once a piece

of 2 x 4 flew up and pierced the running board, but fortunately did no serious damage. During the entire 24 hours a crew of carpenters

was kept constantly at work making repairs on the track. To drive

around these holes, one of which is shown in the accompanying illustration, required nerve and skill of a high order.

During the night there was a heavy frost and men were kept busy throwing sand over the track, as it became so slippery that a car, without it, would have been quite unmanageable. As it was,

Jenkin's car often skidded, and once it turned around several times on the icy boards before it slipped off the track and into the mud.

The paint was literally blistered off the auto by flying sand, and the driver's goggles were ruined from the same cause. Another driver,

renowned for his endurance, was entered in this contest, but was forced to abandon it after twelve hours.

Some little time ago, Jenkins gave up his building business and is now a special demonstrator for an automobile company. He has

been in every state in the Union and in most parts of Canada and

Mexico, and is known in practically every city of more than 25,000 inhabitants in this country. From the 17th of June of last year to

the 19th of December, he visited Canada and Mexico as well as 43 states of the Union and stopped at 152 hotels.

This article is not written for the purpose of arousing the wanderlust or encouraging Era readers to drive their autos faster than they are now doing. In this speeding age such an effort is wholly

unnecessary. However, it is always a worthy ambition to strive to

Feb.. 1929286 IMPROVEMENT ERA

reach the top of one's profession whatever it may be, whether building homes or demonstrating autos. But the real objective of this

story is made clear by the following brief dialogue with Ab, who, by the way, is a "Mormon,"born in Spanish Fork, Utah county, and reared in Salt Lake City:

"To what do you attribute your iron nerves and remarkable endurance?"

Unhesitatingly the answer came:

"To the fact that I do not use tobacco or liquor."Then he

added, "I have never in my life tasted whisky or wine or beer nor used tobacco in any form."

For a man to maintain his ideals in face of the fact that he is traveling constantly and mingling with all varieties of people, many of whom have no ideals whatever, indicates that he has a steadiness of character equal to that of his nerves.

Tobacco Chewing and smoking are set forth by the tobacco trusts as delightful, harmless pastimes. It is even declared that the use of tobacco is beneficial—that

it "soothes"the nerves.

Chloroform soothes the nerves, too. A small bottle of it will soothe

them forever.

Let me tell you how tobacco kills. Smokers do not all drop dead around

the cigar lighters in tobacco stores. They go away, and, years later, die of

something else. From the tobacco trust's point of view, that is one of the

finest things about tobacco. The victims do not die on the premises, even when

sold the worst cigars. They go away, and when they die the doctors certify

that they died of pneumonia, heart disease, typhoid fever, or what not.

In other words, tobacco kills indirectly and escapes the blame.

Nicotine, after you have used it awhile, puts you in a condition to be "bumped off"by the first thing that hits you. If you saw some men undermine a building until it was ready to topple into the street, and then saw a

woman hit the building with a baby carriage and make it topple, you would not say that the woman had wrecked the building, would you? Yet when a

smoker dies of pneumonia, the doctor's death certificate gives pneumonia and not tobacco as the cause of death. And the tombstone man with his chisel

says nothing at all.

No matter where a boy may be, tobacco advertising reaches him, pleads with him and urges him to be a injure his health, decrease his hapfool—to

Independent.—Lutherpiness and Burbankshorten hisin Dearbornlife that the tobacco interests may gather more millions.

Some Questions Considered By J. M. Sjodahl

esteemed correspondent in St. George, Utah, submits some

questions for consideration in the Era.AN

He has recently read Dr. Breasted's Ancient Times, and

is at a loss to reconcile some of the statements made by that scholarly author with the word of God.

Our correspondent refers particularly to such assertions as these, that 3000 years before our era the men of the stone age had already lived and developed for 50,000 years; that the conception

of a "tree of life"originated in the custom of early man to present in the sanctuary a water jar with a few green palm branches; that

the Hebrews obtained the story of the creation and the flood and other parts of the Bible from their pagan neighbors; that to the

Hebrews, Yaveh was originally only a "war god,"and that Elijah so regarded him in his conflict with the priests of Baal; and, finally,

that Isaiah did not write more than about half of the book that bears his name.

These and other peculiar views are held by the disciples of what is known as "higher criticism"of the Bible.

The school of thought known by that name originated in

Holland with Spinoza and was taken up in England by Hobbes, both rationalistic philosophers who denied the necessity or even the possibility of divine revelation. The "higher critics"soon came to

believe that the use of two names for God, "Jehovah"and "Elohim,"proved that the books of Moses were written by two different authors, one conflicting with the other. From this beginning,

"higher critics"gradually arrived at the conclusion that the inspired writings of the Old Testament are nothing but human documents gradually evolved from the crude glyphs and still cruder pictographs of the earliest ancestors of man, who themselves were, intellectually and otherwise, only a few steps ahead of the monkeys in the woods. Of course, they need thousands upon thousands of

years for the evolution of a scrawl on the smooth surface of a rock to the unexcelled literary productions of a Moses, a David, an

Isaiah; hence, their generous allotment of 50,000 years to the stoneage men in which to progress.

In the view of the "higher critics,"the Pentateuch is a patchveritable documents, put together by morework—a crazyquilt—of

or less competent editors. Some of it, they tell us, is "probably true;"

other parts are "certainly doubtful,"and some is "positively spurfcfc.. mi288 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ious."The same is true, we are told, about the rest of the Old

Testament. The Psalms are composed mostly by unknown poets

who lived after the exile. Daniel was written by some unknown

scribbler in the second century, B. C, and Isaiah, chapters 4066,

were not composed by Isaiah at all.

All such assertions concerning the origin and contents of the

Scriptures are confusing to the student who is not well grounded in his faith and knowledge, particularly when men of great learning and acknowledged scholarship sponsor them. We are likely to forget

that a scholar is authority only as far as he states established facts;

that when he goes beyond this and presents opinions and hypotheses, his authority ceases, since in this field he is as likely to err as any layman. In fact, many a layman has more reasoning power than

some scholars, and can detect a fallacy in a deduction as quickly as the most learned man alive. This fact many forget, and we

accept a false deduction as true because it is offered by a scholar, and are thus misled.

For example, the scholar may tell us that he has found on

Babylonian tablets an account of a flood, and we must accept that statement of fact on his reputation as a scholar; but if he proceeds to

tell us that the account in Genesis is but another version of the

Babylonian story, then he is giving us an opinion which is worthless and which we are not bound to accept, unless the truth of it is established by other facts. All the assertions by learned men concerning the existence of man on earth untold ages ago; his gradual

development from the lowest forms of living beings; the coming

forth of religion, arts, sciences, literature, etc., from next to nothing

these assertions, as far as they contradict the revealed word of—all

God, are nothing but theory, no matter how much scholarship they are associated with. They are mere opinions, or surmises. To

reject them is not to show contempt for learning, but to refuse to accept a false deduction as a substitute for truth. And to do so is

the privilege of every rational being. A man does not need to be a

lawyer to sit on a jury and judge of the truth of testimony; nor

does he need to be a scholar to judge of the value of the opinion of a learned man, when he argues from facts instead of presenting facts. Many a great scholar has proved his human imperfection

by ridiculous conclusions, as did a very learned professor who on one occasion said to his students: "I have been dissecting human bodies

for twenty years, but I have never found a piece of the soul; consequently, there is not any."Here we see how helpless a scholar

may be when he ventures outside his sphere.

As to the books of Moses, we need not doubt that Moses is the author of them, except, of course, the account of his death, **. 1929 SOME QUESTIONS CONSIDERED 289

which may have been added by Joshua. That is the testimony of

tradition, and it is sustained by internal evidence. That Moses had

access to documents existing at his time* and was familiar with traditions preserved by the Egyptians is also indisputable, and, no doubt, he made use of the sources of information he had. But, in

addition, the Lord, as we know from the Pearl of Great Price, took him up on a high mountain and instructed him in visions and revelations concerning the early history of man, thereby enabling him to write a true account. The sacred writers quote the Book of Moses

as his work and they are appealed to by our Lord himself and his apostles as genuine and authentic. All this testimony cannot be

set aside by a theory that has no more solid foundation than is so far offered.

As for the theory that Isaiah did not write the entire book of

Isaiah, that question will be treated separately in an early issue of the Era.

Our correspondent also asks whether 2 Peter 3:8, Doc. and

Cov. 77:6, 12, and Pearl of Great Price, Book of Abraham 3:4

and 5:13 are to be understood literally or figuratively.

In 2 Peter 3:8 we read: "One day is with the Lord as a

thousand years, and a thousand years as one day."There is no

reason why we should not understand this to mean what it plainly says. In Doc. and Cov. 130:4 we learn that the reckoning of time

by angels, by man, and by God himself, is "according to the planet on which they reside."Astronomers corroborate this, for they

tell us a year on the planet Mercury, for example, is equal to only eightyeight of our days, while, on the other hand, a year in Jupiter is equal to 4,332 of our days, and a year on Saturn is equal to 10,767 earth days, or twentynine and onehalf of our years. In

the same way, in the Book of Abraham (3:4), we are told that one

revolution of Kolob was a day unto the Lord, it being one thousand years "according to the time appointed unto that whereon thou standest."This is a statement of a fact concerning the measurement

of time of our Heavenly Father, and it is to be understood as a fact, not a figure of speech.

In the Mosaic story of the creation, however, the word translated "day"has no such definite limits as a "day"on our earth, nor any of the other planets, nor even on Kolob, which is clear from the fact that there were "days"LONG before the heavenly bodies appeared in the "firmament"and were made to measure times and seasons by. (Gen. 1:14.) The creation "days"were simply

*The Book of Enoch may have been in existence then, and it isn't improbable that Noah had left a record of his experiences.

P*.. M9290 IMPROVEMENT ERA

periods of time, epochs; we know not how long. In Gen. 2:4 the

entire period during which the creation lasted is called "the day."

This use of the word in the Scriptures is frequent. See Joel

3:18, jZechariah 2:1012; 13:1, and 14:9, where the entire millennial period is called a "day."

Speaking of the six "days"of the creation story, Dr. James

Orr, professor of the United Free Church College, Glasgow, says:

"You say there are the 'six days'and the question whether those days are meant to be measured by the twentyfour hours of the sun's revolution around the speak of these things popularly. earth—I

It is difficult to see how they should be so measured when the sun that is to measure them is not introduced until the fourth day. Do

not think that this larger reading of the day is a new speculation.

it is hard orYou found Augustine in early times declaring that altogether impossible to say of what fashion these days are, and

Thomas Aguinas, in the Middle Ages, leaves the matter an open question."(The Fundamentals, Vol. 6, page 4.)

The Doc. and Cov. 77:6 and 12 should be read with a proper

understanding of the Mosaic narrative of the creation.

Along Life's Way This world frowns back at those who frown

And grumble as they pass Along life's way.

It brings him sorrow, cuffs his ears;

It metes out plentifully its tears;

It bruises, kicks, fills him with fears,

Who always whines and never cheers

Along life's way.

Man doesn't care to hear sad tales;

Has troubles of his own Along life's way;

But what he wants is cheerfulness,

From even those who meet distress;

All good gifts are for happiness;

For those who comfort, cheer, and bless

Along life's way.

What matters, even if you have

A heavyburdened heart Along life's way?

It doesn't pay to advertise Your selfish wounds, prolong your cries!

But always wins the prize. smile!—It

Love blesses him who sings and tries,

Along life's way.

Lyman, Wyoming LLOYD O. IVIE

Lessons from Common Things By President F. S. Harris of the Brigham Young University

2. AIR earth with its 200 million square miles of surface is surTHErounded by a comparatively thin layer of gases, ordinarily regarded,as about fifty miles in thickness. The density of

these gases even at sea level is not great, and by the time the highest mountain is reached they are becoming still more rare. Half of the

atmosphere is contained in the lower three and onehalf miles.

This mixture of gases, the air, is composed largely of inert nitrogen, although it has a large proportion of oxygen, together with minor quantities of carbon dioxide, water vapor and a number of rare gases. All of us have spent our entire lives bathed in this

fluid atmosphere. None of us has at any time lived without being

completely surrounded with it. We are never conscious of it except

when the wind blows or there arises some unusual situation such as lack of oxygen or excess of carbon dioxide in a mine or a poorly ventilated room. Let us spend a few minutes looking into this

very common substance to see some of the various ways it affects our lives.

First, as to its composition, the nitrogen of the air enters into every living cell. No cell, either animal or plant, could exist without

the nitrogen which forms part of its protein. The nitrogen in

the air is inert, or lazy in reacting with other chemical elements.

Through the action of bacteria and other agencies, however, substances are produced from this nitrogen which are active. Plants,

and, later, animals eagerly utilize this active nitrogen to help form their tissues. Nitrogen is especially abundant in such products as

flesh, eggs, and the solid part of milk, although it is also found in all living things. There is not sufficient nitrogen stored up in the earth

to serve as food of plants and animals for more than a very short time. It requires the constant activity of the nitrogengathering

agencies to keep enough of this gas locked in the available form to keep plants and animals growing vigorously.

Another interesting gas formed in air is carbon dioxide. This

is present in only small fraction of a per cent of the quantities—a

total air. It is sometimes spoken of as poisonous carbon dioxide, but

this property merely refers to its action on animals when the gas becomes too concentrated. If it were not for the presence of this

gas in the air, it would be impossible for plants to live and function.

292 IMPROVEMENT ERA Feb., 19Z9

It is the carbon dioxide of the air, combined with the water from the soil, which produces the bulk of food for both plants and animals.

If, in making the air, this carbon dioxide had been by chance left out of the mixture, plants could not manufacture their food, and without plant food animals could not live, so the earth would be destitute of life.

Probably most of us are more aware of the presence of the element oxygen in the air than of the other constituents. We are

constantly being told that we must make sure we have enough oxygen to breathe; teachers and health officials warn us to sleep with

the bedroom window open, to watch the ventilation in crowded rooms and other places where oxygen is scarce or rapidly used.

Oxygen is just as indispensable to our lives as the other main atmospheric gases, but not more so. There is a constant demand

for oxygen to unite with the food we eat, and thereby furnish energy. It is also important because of its ability to combine with

fuels of various kinds to give heat, not only for use within our own bodies but also for warming houses, and heating steam and air to run engines. If the atmosphere were entirely made of oxygen,

life could not exist because the burning process would be so rapid that life would be consumed; without oxygen the burning process

necessary to animal life would cease.

Another interesting matter concerns the quantity of atmosphere.

If, in the making of a world such as ours, there had been a lesser amount of air, then the higher sections of the earth would have been useless for living organisms. As it is, with the possible exception

of one or two mountain tops, there seems to be just about enough air to support vigorous life on all parts of the earth. The mixture

of the gases, as well as the quantities, just about balances the demand.

There has not been any great waste in the gases; there is enough to

satisfy life and to absorb and check the loss of heat from the earth, but none which could well be spared.

Do combinations of such circumstances as a perfect atmosphere come by accident? Did it just accidentally happen that the mixture of gases surrounding the earth is just what it should be to

create harmony? Could so wonderful a balance in weight, combining qualities, reaction to heat and cold, and power to move where

it is most needed by man, just come about without any intelligent planning? The reader may answer these questions for himself in

the way he sees fit.

"No man has come to true greatness who has not felt in some degree that his life belongs to his race, and that what God gives him he gives him for mankind."Phillips Brooks.

Chamberlain Takes Off Successfully at Cherbourg Harbor By Claude C. Cornwall

IS seven a. m. on the ITtwelfth of October. A dull

gray dawn is breaking over the Cherbourg hills. In the

harbor the water is calm, a gentle wind blowing from the north. A fine mist of rain adds

to the haze of coming morning.

Clarence Chamberlain's Loening amphibian craft is just being lowered from the deck of the S.

S. Leviathan. It is hanging

in midair from the long boom pole.

This is a versatile aeroplane. Besides the equipment of

wheels and spike landing gear t0 ZetodtOme, it is CLARENCE D CHAMBERLAIN AND MRS. CHAM- m[X\j berlain standing on the "leviathan's"equipped with boats and floats

DECK IN FRONT OF THE AMPHIBIAN CRAFT WhiCh permit it tO alight Safely in water. A few weeks ago, while in preparation for this flight.

an accident occurred in a test takeoff. While rounding a sharp

curve, to gain distance, one of the tires was torn from the rim.

Landing without a tire would have been difficult and dangerous.

But Chamberlain, with his usual "wits about him"attitude, calmly lifted the wheels to the out of position, continued on to a small pond nearby and landed safely.

Only a week ago Chamberlain and his group had flown from

Washington to New York, landed in the East river, which is the usual mooring place, then the plane had been flown to the Hudson, taxied to the ship's side and hoisted on deck. And now it has again

reached the water, after a threethousand-mile ocean voyage.

A tug comes alongside and tows the bobbing yellow bird about the harbor. Another tug transports two hundred gallons of gasoline

and conveys it to the plane through a hose. The cover is removed

from the motor.

On the decks of the giant liner we wait, all expectant, for

Feb.. 1929294 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the takeoff. Soon the propeller makes its first faint turn. It stops

and kicks back. Another turn and a puff of gray smoke comes from

the exhaust. Then we hear the purring rattle of the whirling blades.

Six persons have climbed from the tug into the plane. Mrs.

Chamberlain is with her skillful pilot husband. Walter Ludwig,

Gibson Emerson, Nathan F. Vanderlip, Stephen Forberger, engineers

and designers, are accompanying the expedition. C. S. Doran has

already started by train on his way to Paris. Mrs. Doran and

William P. Sullivan are with the expectant ones on the giant liner's

deck.

A row boat and two men shove off from the tug and release the towing line. The amphibian is left alone to taxi along the

slightly rippling water.

Out goes the plane, across the harbor to a favorable position along the wind. Purr! comes the smooth purr!—louder—louder!

rattle of the motor and swiftly revolving propeller blades. The

plane commences to take on speed. There is a slight rise, then a

mormon missionaries on the s. s. "leviathan"pose for a picture in front

of the Chamberlain plane Mrs. Millburn is going to Europe to return with her missionary son. Miss Margery

Morris is on the way to Paris, where she will study music with her sister Marion (daughters of Geo. Q. and Emma Ramsey). At the extreme right is Wallace Toronto.

Elder Hacking is behind the two women. Claude Cornwall is standing beside Miss

Morris. Names of the others are not given- |

Ftb - > 929 CHAMBERLAIN TAKES OFF 295 now it lifts slowly from the water. It is speeding towarddip—and

the Leviathan.

It sails like a graceful seagull across the Higher—Higher!

bow of the ship. Then it banks into a turn. Back again it swerves

once more in front of the big liner, close to the bridge. Hands are

waved. Cheers! The motor takes on a sudden whirr of speed.

Like a flying arrow it dashes away. On and on it charges at this

lightning the mole and the the lookrate—across breakwater—across

out tower and the lighthouse. Now it is only a black speck faintly

visible as it follows the verdant French to Le Bourget. coast—on

Six passengers, piloted by this inimitable Clarence Chamberlain, are speeding toward Paris. A new epoch in flying is accomplished.

A passenger plane is successfully launched in the harbor from a passenger vessel.

It was this same Chamberlain who, a little over a year ago, piloted an aeroplane across the Atlantic ocean with Chas. Levine

as a passenger, landing at Kottbus, Germany, a few miles short of

Berlin, their goal. This was the second of three planes to span the

Atlantic at about the same time. Lindbergh, the lone eagle, was first

and Commander Richard Byrd and his party of four were third.

Commander Byrd is now on his way to the South Pole.

Following his transAtlantic flight of a year ago, Clarence

Chamberlain made a successful landing of an aeroplane from a superstructure built on the Leviathan's bridge. And now once again success has crowned his aeronautical adventures.

Son of Mine Do the right, Son of Mine, All the time!

In the light of the right Always shine.

This the your best test—do

Every day.

Never is near fear—God

Ever pray.

Head erect, selfrespect, Conscience free!

Garnish truth and, forsooth, Chastity!

In your walk, in your talk, Just be straight!

Always work, never shirk JCeep the faith!

Lethbridge, Canada. DAVID HORTON ELTON.

Member of Author's Club. London, England

{Photo Courtesy Pictorial California)

A BLANKET OF THE BEAUTIFUL Snow in the Rockies! Mountains, trees blanketed in snow! How overpoweringly majestic! Spring

is a beautiful in winter on the foliage of the pine trees and the barren limbs of season—but snow

the trees and bushes is inspiringly wonderful. Yosemite. shown above, in winter, for example, is

a scene typical of sights in Utah. Our Rocky Mountains, surrounding the cities with protectionare marvelous. Visit the hills, blanketed with Oft bW!'?".'. i- -Glen Perrim.

Maintaining Law and Order Within the Arctic Circle By H. C. Singer

VERY summer the Canadian Government S. S. Beothic leaves

on its patrol to visit the Royal Canadian Mounted Police outpost headquarters in the Eastern Arctic subdistrict. AmongE

its passengers and the officers that relieve the posts, in the north, are ministers from Ottawa to study their districts, doctors of the police, members of the Geological Survey, members of the Department of

Mines, ice pilots, scientists, and officers of the R. C. M. P. (Royal

Canadian Mounted Police), who will visit every detachment and post during the year and will await the coming again of the S. S.

Beothic to relieve them.

Last year the vessel left its headquarters at North Sydney,

Nova Scotia, July 19, made its trip to the Bache peninsula, where, however, it was unable because of ice to enter the straits, and returned after fortyfive days of patrol, having accomplished a successful trip. Much important information was obtained of bird,

fish and animal life, ice glacier fields and prevailing winds; and

all posts with one exception were reprovisioned. The ship carries

food, fuel, dogs, arms, ammunition, sleds, clothes, tools, radios and complete equipment, books, and furnishings to make the posts comfortable, and, in addition, it carries spare parts for the police power boats that operate during the summer season, among the fiords and lakes.

Interesting are the reports that come back from the northern patrols of the police, of distance, danger, and daring enterprise, furnishing, in these days when we are so likely to forget duty and ignore the finer things of life, a lesson in discipline and endurance, and awakening in us a deeper appreciation of that splendid principle that the British forefathers established in the Magna Charta that "we will sell to no man, we will not deny to any man, either Justice or Right."For this cause the Canadian Government established

among its people, even up into the Arctic circle, posts of the Royal

Mounted Police, an organization whose annals thrill the hearts of every British subject and arouse the admiration of the world. Last

vear's report contains nothing spectacular but the usual record of duty well done and peace and good order established among the

Eskimos within the district.

Notwithstanding severe weather with blizzard, fog. frost, and

Feb.. 19Z9298 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rain, detachments of the R. C. M. P., stationed at posts on the

islands and mainlands of the Eastern Arctic subdivision, carried out over 7500 miles of patrol, covering the less frequently visited parts of Ellsmere, Devon, Baffin, and including Axel Hieberg, Graham and

Buckingham and the North Kent islands. On these long patrols,

to maintain order and supervise the conditions of the Eskimo, important geographical conditions were noted, and a census of the

Eskimo taken in areas visited, while medical and other assistance was rendered where necessary. Before the coming of the officers of

the R. C. M. P., years ago, numbers of Eskimo starved to death because of bad years of fishing and hunting, but now, under skillful

supervision, conditions have improved and the Eskimo is generally prosperous.

In Bache peninsula the S. S. Beothic was unable to penetrate

the ice fields and reprovision the post, but as there is always threeyears'supply of food and fuel no anxiety is felt for the officers who brought down their reports over the drifting fields to the ship.

Patrols from Bache, on Ellsmere island, traveled hundreds of miles in their work and gave valuable scientific information of their areas.

Constables E. Anstead, G. T. Makinson, and R. R. Gurmett spent

an adventurous year at this most northerly post of patrol. In

March, 1928, an attempt was made to enter the interior of the northern end of the island by Sawyer bay and Canon fiord to Lake

Hazen, but it was checked by the dangerous condition of an ice barrier that disputed the way. On March 22, Constable Anstead

left with two Eskimos on a patrol to the west toast and covered over 850 miles by April 30 in reaching his destination. The

pass from Flugher fiord to Gretha bay fiord on the west coast is being slowly blocked by a glacier and Anstead, defying the alarm of his Eskimo companions, managed to squeeze through between the precipitous foot of the glacier and the cliff which constitutes the opposite side of the valley. The space was barely wide enough

for them to pass, blocks of ice fell from time to time and the trail for 500 yards was very dangerous. Despite the fact that the

temperature was 30 degrees below zero, the men were bathed in perspiration by the time they had cleared the pass, so hard had they worked. From the western coast the party visited Axel Hieberg

island, crossed Norwegian bay to Graham and Buckingham islands, patrolled the North Kent island, and spent some time in the

Bjorne peninsula on their return journey to the post. In the lastnamed locality, at a point 200 feet above sea level, several outcroppings of soft coal were found.

In this farflung outpost of the law, Constable Makinson made some interesting geographical discoveries. During a patrol from

Peb.. 1929 MAINTAINING LAW AND ORDER 299

Bache peninsula post down the east coast of Ellsmere island to

Craig harbor on the southern coast, and westward of Starnes fiord, accompanied by one Eskimo, he visited an unmapped island, east of

Cape Dunsterville, on which he noticed the remains of native igloos.

He also found and explored a large fiord north of Clarence head.

Travelers usually cut across the ice, but Constable Makinson followed the shore and discovered, first a large bay running southwest, and then a fiord two miles wide. An island in the middle of the

bay made the fiord difficult to notice from seaward. He continued

his exploration some fifty miles up the fiord and its branches, being absent 40 days and covering 700 miles.

Most interesting of all the patrols was that performed by Inspector C. E. Wilcox, from Pond inlet, at the northern end of Baffin

island, to Fury and Hecla strait, a journey of 900 miles. Constable

S. G. H. Margetts aggregated nearly 1300 miles during three patrols

to Milne inlet, Arctic sound, and Home bay, respectively. Inspector

Wilcox's trip took him to the northern end of Fox basin and to the Melville peninsula. He traveled across the interior of the northwestern part of Baffin island, traversing numerous lakes and on one

occasion climbing a frozen waterfall. He visited 150 Eskimos and

found them generally prosperous and took the usual census. In this

region caribou were numerous and wolves were scarce. The journey

was marked by a fiveday blizzard and the weather was so cold that the coal oil, carried for fuel, froze and had to be thawed out by native oil lamps before it could be used. Constable Margetts'patrol

to Home bay occupied 5 1 days and covered 945 miles. Here, too,

the natives were prosperous. Other patrols of a shorter distance

were performed by other officers on this island.

From Pangnirtung, the post on the Cumberland gulf, Baffin island, Sergeant O. G. Petty patrolled the gulf and visited native

camps on the east coast of the island. The winter was unfavorable

for traveling, owing to conditions of weather and ice, nevertheless the entire district was patrolled by dog team, the distance aggregated 1 700 miles. One of the men, Constable G. J. M. Curleigh, patrolled

Cape Mercy and remained there some time hunting. He also made

a journey with one Eskimo to Cornell Grinnell bay, but shortage of dog feed and frequent and severe storms made the trip, which occupied 45 days and accounted for 645 miles, a very trying one.

During 1927, a detachment at Lake harbor, on the southern coast of Baffin island, was established by Seargeant J. E. F. Wright

and Constable P. Wersch. The buildings of the detachment were begun while the Boethic was in the harbor on last summer's patrol.

After the vessel left, the rain was incessant and it was six weeks before the men could carry on with the building. Despite the fact that all

fa.. t9zv300 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the team dogs died in an epidemic, patrol work for over 500 miles was done; the coming of the Beothic this summer was very welcome.

The patrols in the northland are very severe and only the very best and strongest of men are sent there to maintain law and order.

In this Eastern Arctic;subdivision there are at present only 1800

known Eskimos and their welfare is a concern for the Canadian

Government. The duties of the police are varied, from assisting

at the birth of Eskimos to scientific explorations, research and protective welfare work. Many an officer has made valuable contributions to the Natural Museum at Ottawa, and furnished important

information regarding big game, sea animals, and bird life in their districts.

Long and hazardous patrols take place all the time, and on one occasion when an Eskimo killed an officer it took 2500 miles of travel and months of investigation before he was brought back to the seat of his crime. The court passed sentence of death and in

order to obtain the necessary documents, witness the sentence carried out, and return with the documents duly executed, and again return to his post, an officer traveled in the aggregate 2000 miles.

No "assignment"is so difficult as bringing in a demented man or woman from the northern wastes, over mountains, lakes and unbroken ground. The ordeal is so severe that more than one officer

himself has had a nervous breakdown on the completion of his task.

Keeping account of all white men entering the north, examining their kit and turning them back if they are not properly provisioned for the trip, or are undesirable, furnish interesting and exciting moments in the lives of the officers of the law. It is but seldom that

the public hears of the good work of this splendid body of men who, since 1875, have maintained and guarded jealously their tradition that they "always get their man."Now and then some

enterprising journalist will search among the cold clear records of the Force and find therein accounts of exploits and duties undertaken and fulfilled in the face of terrible hardships and dangers; and

only then does the public learn that these men have fulfilled the

British tradition: "We will sell to no man, we will deny to no

man, Justice and Right."

At no time are these outposts out of touch with their headquarters at Ottawa, for instructions are sent to them by radio, even to Bache peninsula, within 700 miles of the North Pole. All that

can be done for the officers in the north, who volunteer for this work, is done that their lonely vigils may be made as pleasant as possible;

but what measure of praise should we give those who are sleeping their long, last rest in the north, who died while carrying out their

Feb.. 1929 MAINTAINING LAW AND ORDER 301

duties so nobly! The words of the poet fit better than anything

I can write:

"They sleep in peace amid the eternal snows,

Their goal achieved, their duty nobly done;

And over those whose victor's crown is won,

The loud, shrill requiem of the tempest blows."

Be Gentle

There seems to be a lot of sin

In this old world of ours, But if we'd only stop and thin

The weeds from out the flowers.

We'd do a better deed, I trow,

Than e'er we even think.

It may be a companion now Is tott'ring on the brink And if we save a friend from ill,

And lend a helping hand, We shall retain our old friend still.

And give him strength to stand.

There is a host of Godly folk,

Upright, and honest, too Who daily do a kindly deed.

Who seem to bless anew The ones in sorrow or in pain.

And ease the burdens some.

Perhaps you, in your own domain.

To such a person come, Who's seen the good and bad in life.

You'd order him along;

Don't do it, brother, calm yourself

The man may not be strong!

Be gentle in your nature, friend.

Be kind and loyal, too;

Be trustful, helpful, till the end,

In whate'er you may do.

There is no joy where harshness is.

Contentment long has flown So just remember always this:

"You reap what you have sown.''

WESTON N. NORDGREN

be LawObserving? Why

By Grant Syphers, Jr.

history from the beginning of time reveals that theMUMAN world has been in a state of perpetual confusion. Empires

have arisen and fallen; wars have swept millions from the

face of the earth; nations have changed their form of government

many times; religions and creeds have been established and abolished;

new lands have been discovered and settled; numerous mechanical

contrivances have been invented. But it is true that in spite of these

confused changes we have progressed; though, because there has been

no longcontinued order, progress has been a slow, painful, tedious process.

This, in a word, is the history of the world, and it may, be summed up in one statement: We are born; we struggle for something finer; we die. What does it all mean? Why do men live such

lives? What is the great purpose in it all?

To the thoughtless, and there are far too many in that class, these things are meaningless, but if we go into the depths of the hearts of men we will find an answer. This confusion and strife,

these struggles for financial, political or other supremacy were nothing more than a search for happiness. Happiness! Every person who

has ever lived has spent a large part of his life looking for it. The

warriors of olden times were striving for this thing, for in the glory of victory lay their happiness. Napoleon, with his mighty ambitions,

was searching for it, for worldwide power and dominion were the things he most desired. All of the explorers, scientists, inventors,

artists and scholars were working to achieve something, because achievement brought them happiness. Thus it has been all through

the ages, thus it is now, and so it ever will be. Every move we

make is with the hope, conscious or otherwise, that we are approaching happiness.

Naturally the question as to what really causes happiness comes up for consideration. There is not one of us but could name at least

a dozen things that contribute to it; but, in my mind, the greatest

of all these is the joy that comes from man's associations with his fellowmen. Perhaps no better illustration of this point can be

found than the example of our own country.

When this continent was first explored and settled, our part of it was not important. Its people had few of the things which go

to make mankind happy. America was merely a country over

which the nations of Europe might quarrel; and, yet, upon that unFeb.. 1929 WHY BE LAWOBSERVING? 303

explored tract has grown the mightiest nation in the world. This

miraculous growth may be attributed to many causes, but I shall mention particularly two country itself, its natural rethings—the

sources and topographical conditions; and the political organization

of the people who live therein. I claim that the latter factor is far

more important than the former, for, although the former has played a most important role, the real period of progress of this nation did not begin until its people began to associate with one another and organized themselves into the United States of America.

From that time on the people of this nation have advanced rapidly and, speaking generally, have gradually grown closer and closer together until the present. Now, we, perhaps the happiest

people in the world, derive most of the enjoyment we have in life through associations with our fellowcitizens.

I have said that these associations make us happy, but is it the associations alone? Or does the way they are controlled by the

laws of our country have an important bearing? I think this

question is answered by reviewing the experiences had by other countries. I shall not take time to enumerate these, but will here

make a statement which I am sure history proves to be correct. No

nation, no matter how.great and strong it might have been, no

matter how far advanced intellectually, and no matter how desirable a country it possessed, has long endured if its laws have been defective or if they have not been respected. It is evident

to all that the material happiness we enjoy, our prosperity and the preservation of our lives are directly dependent upon the laws of our nation and upon their enforcement. Senator William E. Borah

said: "You can no more leave behind the fundamental principles

of right and justice, of respect for and obedience to law, without paying a frightful penalty, than can a people, however high and strong in their material power, abandon the simple pronouncements of Sinai without sinking into utter degradation."

We often hear the argument that there are too many laws and that laws, while they may benefit society, are rather a handicap than an advantage to the individual. These complaints, possibly, are

justified if we consider them from a narrow and personal viewpoint, but with the proper perspective it is easy to see that this is the best possible condition.

The complaint that there are too many laws might be compared with the complaint that there are too many automobiles running down Washington Avenue on Saturday afternoon. Every

motorist will agree that this is the condition and that we ought to eliminate some of the cars. But what would that same motorist

say if his own car were eliminated? It is exactly the same with the

Feb.. 1929 304 IMPROVEMENT ERA

person who complains of too many laws. He will advise that we do

away with this law or with that law, but should we consider the revoking of a law that directly benefits him, he would be the first to oppose such a step. And so, while it may be that we have too many

laws for the individual, it does not follow that we have too many for society.

This leads us to the second argument, that laws benefit the community rather than the individual. But isn't that exactly what

we want our laws to do? The individual is a part of society, the

recipient of all advantages which come to it, and why should he be displeased with such a state of affairs? It is his duty to work for

the interests of all the people; he himself should obey all the laws

of his country and use his influence to induce others to do likewise, rather than complain that the laws discriminate in favor of certain classes, or that they infringe upon one's personal rights and exclude the interests of others, and this is what the complaint too often amounts to.

In summary, therefore, we should obey the laws because they control our personal happiness and also the happiness of our fellow - citizens, and because upon them depends the future of this nation.

As citizens of these United States we are happy, and if we would continue to be so we must obey the laws. May there never be a

time when lawlessness shall gain the mastery in this land, for if such a time ever comes it will mark the downfall of our blessed country. Gone will be its power and glory; gone its prosperity

and happiness; gone the mighty nation, and in its place will be a

forbidding, devastated ruin of the once glorious republic.

May the Allwise Father protect us from such a condition. He

will bless us to the extent that we understand the true significance of law, for this understanding will cause obedience and consequent happiness.

Genius, without work, is certainly a dumb oracle: and it is unquestionably true that the men of the highest genius have invariably been found to be

amongst the most plodding, hardworking, and intent men, their chief characteristic apparently consisting simply in their power of laboring more intensely and effectively than others. Samuel Smiles in Self Help.

I am moved by that argument which Atticus uses when he says that it is a scandalous thing that, if a senator should procure a wrongful conviction of anyone, he should be made liable to the laws, but that if a Roman knight does the same, he should not. Although I should grant to you that it would be a

scandalous thing (and the fact I will examine into presently), still you must inevitably grant to me that it is a much more scandalous thing that the laws should be departed from in that state which is entirely held together by the laws: for this is the bond of this dignity which we enjoy in the republic, this

is the foundation of our liberty, this is the source of justice. Cicero's Orations.

Thomas Appreciation Hardy—An

By Frank C. Steele

death removes a great man it is the customary thing,WHENnot only to become reminiscent, but also to form estimates of the man and his work. So it has been with Thomas

Hardy, who recently closed a long and beautiful life, leaving to English letters a heritage that gave him a resting place in the poet's corner of Westminster Abbey among others of Britain's honored dead.

High and low loved Thomas Hardy and his tales of the Wessex wolds and rural folk. It is hard to believe that he is dead, that no

longer will the world be enriched by his pen. He was so long a

commanding figure in the literary world that his place is high and secure, so high indeed that when tender hands and adoring hearts turned to his entombment his last escort was composed of the great men of his country: Baldwin. McDonald, Kipling. Shaw, Galsworthy, Barrie, Gosse, Ramsay. Walker, and Housman. What more

significant tribute could be paid a man than this?

Since his death editors and critics in Europe and America have given their appraisal of his work and not a few have ranked him first among the Moderns. This estimate is not too high, for Hardy's

was a place apart. He may, in fact, be called the forerunner of the

Moderns for his leadership in letters had been established when the majority of the contemporary members of this group, here and abroad, appeared on the scene. Hardy was poet and novelist long

before many of us were born. His career as a poet began in 1865.

and as a novelist in 1871.

He really began life as an architect, then turned to poetry. Later.

Hardy deserted poetry for fiction, and after three decades of astonishing success in that field, he returned to his first He love—poetry.achieved mastery in both poetry and fiction. In which field did he

excel? Since his death that point has been raised. But such speculation is fruitless. It is to choose between two perfect blossoms.

Future generations may exhibit a preference, but viewing his work today one would feel safe in forecasting that, like the work of Scott, it will be appreciated in its entirety. Hence, it would serve no good

purpose now to weigh Hardy, the novelist, against Hardy, the poet.

Thomas Hardy's novels stand in the very first ranks of English fiction. If they are at times grim, morbid, even terrible in their portrayal of events and the reactions on his characters, it is because Hardy

is more sincere than most of us. He is not afraid of truth, of the facts

of life. He looked out upon his world and the simple rustics who

Feb.. 1929306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

inhabited it, writing what he found there. His was a comparatively

small world, and yet, somehow, it yielded him material for novels of universal appeal.

And therein lies a lesson for the young writer who, overlooking the simple things about him, goes far afield for his material. Usually

the result is disappointment and failure. But this is in passing.

Returning to Thomas Hardy, no one who has read The Return of the Native, Tess of the D'Ubervilles, and Far from the Maddening Crowd will deny, even though they picture the stark realities of life, that they lack warmth and sympathy and love for humanity.

Hardy's dogged adherence to things as he found them must not be wrongly interpreted. His knowledge of the elemental passions and

problems that vex men and women served only to mellow the strings of his understanding heart.

The Victorians did not like "Tess"when their prudish eyes read her story. The book was pronounced offensive to refined taste.

Then came Judge the Obscure, and that novel suffered an even worse fate. It was branded immoral and cruel and undesirable and it is said

that this open resentment, fatuous though it was, so offended the sensitive feelings of Hardy that he turned abruptly from fiction to poetry. But what splendid compensations accrued from that decision!

It was Edwin Markham, whose "Man With the Hoe"is one of the most powerful things in American literature, who said: "The,

poet comes to behold and to express the hidden loveliness of the world, to point out the ideal that is ever seeking to push through the husk of things and to reveal the inner spiritual meaning. So all of life

is material for his seeing eye and his thinking heart, as he makes the wonderful familiar and the familiar wonderful."

Truly, Thomas Hardy had the "seeing eye"and the "thinking heart."His poetry may not possess the degree of music found in

the work of some poets who might be cited, but it maintains a beauty, nobility and warmth that make it impressive. It is always refreshing

and stimulating. Moreover, it is philosophical but never didactic.

His pictures are keenly drawn; his themes strongly, fluently, completely developed. Out of his contacts with life and humanity flowed

the wisdom of years couched in pure, vivid lines. Hardy's poetry

may not be for the masses, but surely it is for those who are discriminating in their literary tastes. To appreciate Thomas Hardy's

poetry one must read it and reread it. Collections of his work may

be obtained at any good library.

Thomas Hardy held intimate communion with nature and many of his finest poems were inspired by the free, open world about him. "The Wind Blew Words"is one of these:

Feb., 1929 THOMAS HARDY 307

The wind blew words across the skies,

And these it blew to me Through the wide dusk: "Lift up thine eyes,

Behold this troubled tree.

Complaining as it sways and plies;

It is a limb of thee.

"Yea, too, the creatures sheltering round

Dumb figures, wild and tame, Yea, too, thy fellows who abound

Either of speech the same Of far and dwarfed, and brown, strange—black,

They are stuff of thy own frame."

I moved on in a surging awe Of inarticulateness At the pathetic Me I saw In all his huge distress, Making selfslaughter of the law

To kill, bind, or suppress.

"Jesus Wept"(John 11:35)

Claimed by death, our dear ones leave us,

With sad hearts bereft and torn,

By the loss which can but grieve us

It is mete that we should mourn.

Even Christ, though conscious, very,

How their friend and brother slept,

There with Martha and with Mary,

Over Lazarus, "Jesus wept."

Though He sensed the great salvation

Which through Him was brought to earth,

And could call with animation To the sleeping dead—"Come forth!"

He, "the resurrection,"life—the Unto all who will accept—

With cold, mortal death's connection,

In compassion, "Jesus wept."

"Jesus wept."And we are weeping,

Though we know our dead shall be

Safe and happy in His keeping Who hath said: "Come, follow me!"

We accept His full salvation And must follow where He stepped.

He, our hope and consolation Jesus suffered—"Jesus wept'"

Lula Greene Richards An Indian Experience By Ellen L. Jakeman

The following story of early days encampment just outside the field, and in Utah was related to me by a that the Indians had torn down a pioneer, and I have endeavored to give panel of fence and turned the ponies it in his own words: in themselves. That made me good

"My father had located on a piece and mad! Too lazy or too proud to

of ground several miles up a small canwork, and expecting all kinds of favors yon adjacent to the settlement where from the settlers, they still thought we lived. There was a comparatively they might destroy what white men

level flat of about thirty acres. This had labored to produce! The Indians

was covered with a sturdy growth of came out of their wigwams and jeered scrub oak, and we surely earned that me. I was only about twelve years

ground while preparing it for the old, but knew what the Indians were plow. We did not get the grubbing capable of doing at times. Still I kept

all done the first, nor yet the second, on chasing the ponies, for I had been year; but cleared enough to put in sent to drive them out and the pride

several fiveacre patches of wheat, and of the white race was in me compelling it did well. The place was under me to dominate and prove my superiorunrecognized inheritance.fence, and where we had not cleared ity,—an

off the oak brush, there grew a very "The Indian that had bidden me succulent species of blue grass. It desist was stalking after and threatgrew everywhere, of course, but more ening me. Finally when the ponies

especially among the oak brush along found the open gate and began filing the course of the mountain stream. out to escape the stones I kept throwBeing under fence it had remained uning at them, this Indian jerked his

disturbed by the cattle and Indian bow to position, and with an arrow ponies that pastured the creek bottom drawn to the head, told me he would in the late summer. The wheat had kill me if I did not leave the ponies

been cut and shocked, but not yet alone.

hauled from the field, and I was sent "It was a heavy bow such as they up one morning to see if it was all used in hunting, and I knew if hit right. with an arrow from it I would be

"I was fighting mad when I found transfixed, but I also knew Indian a dozen or more Indian ponies inside psychology, though I had never heard the fence, full as ticks, browsing round the word, and that it would not do to with great contentment. They had weaken under a threat, so I went right

been inside all night, by the looks of on driving them, though I will admit things, and I opened wide a gate, and I was badly frightened.

with a handful of stones to help me "I heard some shouting from the convince them that outside the fence camp, could not distinguish the words, was a more desirable place, I started but thought of course they were urgto chase them out. I supposed they ing him to shoot me, but I chased the

had broken down the fence, and come last pony out and went out myself in of themselves, but had not been and was swinging the heavy gate into running them many minutes when an place, when an Indian grabbed me

Indian stalked out of the brush and from behind. I jerked away from

ordered me to quit. him and finished shutting the gate, and

"Then I saw there was an Indian turned and faced my captor.

Feb., 1929 AN INDIAN EXPERIENCE 309

"It was a Medicine Man I had from the ground, and also of picking met on a rather notable occasion. We them up with a long, limber upper lip

both involuntarily grunted recognias the ponies do.

tion, and stood and eyed each other "I laughed at his description, but for a full minute, and it was a struggle you may be sure it was a somewhat to keep him from outstaring me. sickly attempt.

'"By this time most of the Indians 'Who told you that you could from the encampment had arrived, and fence the Indian's pasture and plant also the Indian with the bow and wheat?'

arrow. They held a small 'pow- "That was a poser! I did not know,

wow,'and while not understanding so I said, 'If you would fence a field many of the words, I knew that some and plant wheat, we would not let were for killing me, and others, among our cows and ponies eat it, and if we them, the Medicine Man, were opposdid you would kill and eat them.'

ing it. "The Medicine Man's brow grew

"Finally the Medicine Man turned dark with anger, and I felt sure I had to me and said in fairly good English: said the wrong thing; and when a

"'The good, blue grass that grows fellow is talking for his life, that is among these oaks all belongs to the a regretable blunder.

Indians, from the white man's lodge 'Who has killed the Indian's of logs to far over the mountains, cattle, the deer?'

does it not?'"I knew but did not think it wise

"I studied that over a few minutes to reply.

and then said: 'Yes, I guess it does.'"'Who killed all the buffalo that

'Then why do you chase our used to roam in vast herds over the ponies off from the very best place to country, giving the Redman food, eat?'tents and clothes?'he asked.

"'Well, what about our wheat?'I "I knew it was white men, but did

asked assuming as turbulent an air as I not care to add fuel to the fire that I could. saw smoldering in the Medicine Man's

"My questioner paused a moment dark eyes. Then a bright idea came

and then said: Our ponies are not to me.

raised to be dishonest as your cows are. "'The white men who killed the

They come up the canyon and eat all buffalo are of the same tribe that the Indian grass,'and he made very fought my people and drove them graphic signs and motions, like a away from their homes, so they came greedy cow trying to bite every bunch to live among the Utes.'

of grass in sight; and it would have "All the Indians but the Medicine

been funny at a less critical time. 'Our Man gave a grunt of approval and 1

ponies eat only what belongs to them,'felt I had 'rung the bell.'he continued,—'just the grass among 'Who catches all the fish, leaving

the oaks.'nothing for the Indians?'he asked

"I made a sufficiently expressive sternly, fixing me with his eagle eye.

grimace and waved my hands so con- "I knew all about the fish, too. No

temptuously that it was almost equal one had ever suggested to me before to calling him a liar. that they belonged to the Indians or

"He seemed to want to convince me, anybody else. It had always seemed

so after a slight pause he said: to me that they were one of the benefi-

''If our ponies eat a little wheat cent gifts of God, and anyone who they do as the squaws do,'and he needed them, or wanted to, might apgravely gave a fine delineation of a propriate them. I had been with older

squaw gleaning the scattered heads boys fishing and with them had jeered

Feb.. 1919310 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Indians who were jabbing at the when someone does him dirt. He don't

fish with a flint arrow head affixed to go and jaw the feller's kid.'

a shaft made of an elderberry cane; or "The Indians did not smile, but

when they did not have an arrow flint, there was a faint lightening of the they made a substitute of the almost dark scowls that rested upon their ironhard greasewood. They seemed countenances, and I took heart of grace,

to know nothing about either barbed and said a lot about what the 'Morhook, line or bait, and the fish had mons'had done for the Indians in conto be pretty thick at even spawning tradistinction to what had been done time, for the Indians to make much by other white men.

headway with their clumsy methods. Til get the blacksmith to make

We fished with hooks and lines, it is you some gigs to catch fish, and if the true, but real hooks were scarce, and squaws will say which patches of

tines of an old pitchfork let the bishop know; and I believe hemosttrivance—theof us used a homemade conberries they are going to pick, we'll

worked over by a skillful blacksmith will see to it that they are left alone.

who put barbs on them. This on the Hasn't he given you Indians flour out

end of a slender pole we called a spear; of the tithing office when big snows

but when the blacksmith made several come, even if you had laid around all to be used on the same shaft, we called summer? If one of us was too lazy or

it a 'gig,'and in the hands of a prachigh-toned to plant and harvest grain, ticed boy it was very effective. the bishop would come near letting us

"The Indians kept giving me a starve, and serve us right.'Where

I did the talking withchance to answer their question, and words failed me hands.as nothing that would help my cause my

presented itself to my mind, I remained "The Indians were regarding me sisilent, determined to ask advice as to lently, but their hostility had lessened, our attitude toward these matters, if and I was leaning against the field gate

I ever got home again. with my arms loped over a pole, trying

to give them a convincing picture of 'All the service berries are ours, perfect nonchalance. I tried to speaktoo,'the chief said somberly. 'When

up like I was the grown man.the 'Mormons'first came, our squaws

'When your squaws come to townwould take big baskets full of berries we buy their berries and pinenuts, andand sell them to you people to get when they come with nothing to sellflour, bread and other things the Indians needed. What did your people we feed them and the papooses, anyhow. God made all the berries, pinedo? Found where our gardens that

Manitou had planted for us grew, and nuts, deer, buffalo and beaver, and we took all they wanted, and said 'No,'are his children, too, and he told us to the squaws when they came to trade. to come here.'

The warriors took deer hides and "They were grouped between me beaver fur to sell and were cheated! and the road that led toward home,

What say?'and I did not think it safe to attempt

to go just yet, and do not know what "I could see nothing but truth in might have occurred, if two men fromhis statements, and knew most, if not town had not ridden up, and asked all of them, were true. I felt like I what was the matter.

belonged to a criminal race and had 'Nothing,'I said heartily. 'Thisbeen convicted. In sheer desperation

is a big Medicine Man, and we are I said:

great friends. Is it not so?'I asked

''Why don't you go and tell the him, direct.

bishop? That's what my dad does "He looked at the guns across the

Feb., 1929 AN INDIAN EXPERIENCE 311

saddles of the new comers, looked at rode round the field to put up the fenc his warriors and at me, and a slow the Indians had torn down.

smile like a shadow of mirth just "They knew I was being held touched the corners of his grim mouth. prisoner by those Indians, but diploHe folded his blanket around him with macy develops rapidly where peace is

great dignity and replied: It is so.'really desired. One wrong or accusThen speaking to the men and ining word might have precipitated a

dicating me: 'He has promised that the serious row.

fireworker,'and he made motions of "I had rather tricked the Medicine handling and hammering hot metal, Man into an avowal of friendship, but 'will make,—-'('gigs,'I suppleit held good as long as he lived. mented),—'and teach my young men "When my father reported the matto catch many fish. Does he speak ter, the bishop came to see me, comwith a forked tongue?'mended me, and advised that the affair

'No, his tongue is straight,'said should not be talked about. He had

one of the men. 'You will get just the blacksmith make a number of gigs

two gigs.'Then turning to me and and spears besides the ones I had promspeaking in a sort of dogLatin school ised the Medicine Man, (which I prechildren of that day affected, he said: sented to the chief with my own

, and ordered that the extra 'Great guns, Bub, when you promise hands) a Lamanite anything, learn to limit the ones be sold to the Indians as cheaply promise! Be definite or you will never as possible. He told the boys to be

get through paying.'kind and generous about showing the

Indians how to use them, for the fish 'What say?'asked the chief susreally were a gift of God, and the betpiciously.

ter we treated the Indians about them, 'Look here, youngster, you better the more there would be for us; andget for home, or your mother will—we believed him, and it was not longand he made motions of switching me; until they were beating us at our ownwhereat all the Indians laughed. game. The bishop in a men's meeting,

"It is needless to say that I left with also put a fair and definite price on all alacrity. The men sat on their horses commodities the Indians offered for

and engaged the Indians in friendly sale, and told the people of the town conversation till I was a good mile that he expected Church members to down the canyon, and then went about abide by it; and it was very generally

their business, only pausing as i observed."

The things of the world are ever rising and falling, and in perpetual change;

and this change must be according to the will of God, as he has bestowed upon man neither the wisdom nor the power to enable him to check it. The

great lesson in these things is, that man must strengthen himself doubly at such time to fulfil his duty, and to do what is right, and must seek his happiness and inward peace from objects which cannot be taken away from him.- Wilhelm pon Humboldt.

Without the love of books the richest man is poor; but endowed with

this treasure of treasures, the poorest man is rich. He has wealth which no

power can diminish, riches which are always increasing, possessions which the more he scatters the more they accumulate, friends who never desert him, and pleasures which never cloy.- John Alfred Langford.

Which Way?

By Elsie Hoffman Buchanan

"Stack o'wheats,"sang out the Suddenly a broad grin broke out on busy waiter at McDugan's lunch the Irishman's face. "Say, boy, is she

counter. "Stack o'wheats,"echoed comin'today from Utah?"Paul

Sambo's melodious bass from behind flashed him a happy smile. Then he

the smoky partition, whence a darted out of the door and caught a clatter of dishes and pans kept tempo passing street car, leaving the older man with the rumbling, bumping street chuckling to himself, "Sure stuck on cars as they jogged by the open door that dame. Wouldn't step another

of the place. skirt in New York! Well—hope

Paul whisked the flies off the syrup she's half good 'nough for him. Too

mug with his counter rag, and pushed swell a guy to get jipped by any comthe wheat cakes toward the impatient mon rubbish!"

customer. Glancing anxiously at the "Are you sure that train fortygreasy clock, he quickly gathered up seven is on time?"Paul asked the gatethe dirty dishes strewn along the man for the third time, as he paced

counter. McDugan watched his quick back and forth in the Pennsylvania

movements approvingly, as he brushed Avenue station. The minutes crawled

the crumbs carefully off the counter. by like hours.

Then Paul consulted his watch. A "Will she be on that train?"he

tiny picture of a girl's face was pasted asked himself a dozen times. "Wonder

on it. He smiled fondly while a flood if she's changed any?"He glanced

of happy memories rushed through his anxiously into a mirror and adjusted mind. "And this is the day Louise his tie.

gets here!"he murmured to himself. Clang! The iron gates were thrown

His pulses quickened as he recalled the open. Passengers were streaming out.

last evening they had spent together "Louise!"He was holding her in his

before he had left home. How she arms, unaware of the people brushing

had blushed like a lovely rose when he by them.

had asked her to wear his highschool Reluctantly he released her to shake ring while he was gone! "Has she hands with her aunt who had been

been wearing it all this time?"he wonstanding by. admiring the tall, handdered. some young man who once had been

The clock struck eight. "I'd like her Sunday School pupil. She had

to leave a little earlier than usual this heard, with pride, of his splendid acmorning. McDugan."Paul finally antivity in the Brooklyn branch, through

nounced, fumbling with the knot of the returned missionaries.

his apron. "Got to go down to the Mrs. Bagley walked over to the Instation."formation window, and Louise and

"Go 'head,"responded his friendly Paul sat down on one of the benches boss. He watched the handsome to await her return.

young fellow curiously out of the "It's great to see you again. Louise.

corner of his eye. "Ain't you goin'to You haven't changed a bit."His

school this mornin'?"hungry eyes were devouring her. Was

"Sure, but I'll miss my first class."he trying to penetrate her thoughts to

Paul flung his apron over the partition reassure himself that she had not and snatched his hat off the rack. changed in her feelings toward him?

Feb.. 1929 WHICH WAY? 313

"Nor have you changed any, Paul.""Well, I certainly admire your grit

Her dark eyes glowed with understandand determination to get through ing, as he pressed her hand. school!"she exclaimed with dewy

As of old, her face was calm and eyes.

thoughtful, but when she did smile, it "If I'm lucky, I'll get through by."was like brilliant sunshine darting into fall, and then Louise—

a cool, leafy bower. Paul marveled But Mrs. Bagely bad returned, and

that anyone could be half so sweet wanted to go shopping before they and beautiful as she was. had to board the ship. It was sched-

"I wish you weren't going to Euuled to leave at five o'clock. Paul put

rope,"he said seriously. "At least, them in a taxi and promised to see

not until I could replace this ring with them again at four o'clock at the dock.

a better one."He studied her face That afternoon all was bustle and

thoughtfully, while he fingered his confusion on the enormous, covered ring which was on her hand. pier. The scheduled time for deShe dropped her eyes beneath his parture of the gigantic European liner

earnest gaze and a delicate blush sufwas drawing near. Stewards and mesfused her cheeks. senger boys were scurrying through the

Three matronly ladies seated themcrowd. The atmosphere was tense

with excitement, and buzzing withselves on the bench, alongside of Paul, much to his annoyance. animated conversation.

"You'll probably see Grant TrowPaul had found Louise and her aunt bridge over there, if you visit the Lonon the broad promenade deck, which filled with pasdon branch,"Paul commented, after was now being rapidly the ladies had settled themselves on the sengers.

bench. Three loud blasts startled them.

"Is he laboring in London now?""The signal for departure,"explained

Louise queried. Mrs. Bagley. Paul shook hands

"Yes. He wrote me that he'll be warmly with her. "Take good care

tellthere now until he is released from his of Louise now, won't you. And

mission."Grant Trowbridge 'Hello'for me, if

"By the way. have you seen anyyou see him over there. By jove! that

thing of his sister, June?"Louise apreminds me Louise,"he said, turning

tell you thatpeared to have suddenly become interto her, "June asked me to ested in her gloves, and was smoothing she had an examination and just off."out each finger carefully. couldn't come down to see you

"She's in one of my classes this sumAnother loud blast gave him the mer!"he exclaimed eagerly, not having final warning. He could scarcely say

noticed the difference in tone of her goodbye to Louise before he was last question. "But Louise, tell me rushed down the gangway with other

what's new at home. Are Charley and visitors.

Fern married yet?"Whistles were blowing, orders beShe related all the home news she ing shouted, signals flashing, bands

could think of and they talked and playing, and bells ringing. The ganglaughed over some of the good times planks were being raised. The crowds

they used to have when the old crowd on the shore pressed forward, shouting was together. and frantically waving goodbye, as the

"I'm glad you girls used to make us great floatingpalace slowly glided fellows wash the dishes sometimes,"away from the dock.

its way, he said. "You trained me for my When the ship was well on

present employment. I've got a new Louise and her aunt went to their cabin

job now, slinging hash."to unpack. Weary of the eventful

Feb.. 1929314 IMPROVEMENT ERA

day's excitement, Mrs. Bagley was walked through the corridor, and was

soon in peaceful slumber, but Louise already beyond her hearing.

was too thrilled to sleep. After breakfast, Louise and her

a delightful promenade "Am I really on my way to Euauntie enjoyed rope?"she asked herself. on the deck. Then they strolled into

the luxurious lounging room, where For years she had worked, saved, and planned for this trip. Many they met some congenial people.

Louise detected thetimes she had denied herself pleasures Among them, owner of the laughing voice who hadand pretty clothes, in order to swell her little bank account. Although piqued her curiosity.

tall, welldressed man ofreared by her aunt in very humble cirHe was a cumstances, she had always yearned to thirtyfive, whose perfect tailoring and attravel and see the world. She had handsome physique attracted one's

clerked in Mr. Timkins'store, where tention. His silken manners and deep

she used to admire the pretty dresses selfassurance suggested to a keen obthat other girls could afford to buy. server that the man had, on many

Later she had been transferred to his voyages, "lived, laughed and loved."

he talked, he usually fingered anoffice, where her meagre salary had When been slightly increased. Working exquisite little Masonic charm, which

long hours in the dark, dingy office hung from his watchchain.

had become very distasteful to her, "Auntie, isn't Mr. Steiner fascinbut finally the happy day arrived ating?"Louise exclaimed, as they were

when she could leave the dreary office dressing for dinner.

and commence the longdreamed-of "He has a pleasing personality,"trip to Europe. She breathed a prayer Mrs. Bagley answered. "That Mrs.

of thankfulness, and drifted off to the Schofield, with whom I was talking, land of dreams. told me that Mr. Steiner is the Euro-

a big New York firm.""Music! A silvery trumpet. Where pean buyer for

am I?"thought Louise, as the first "I suppose he'll be at the dance tomorrow night,"Louise commented,notes roused her from her deep slumbers. In an instant, she was awake. taking another survey of herself in the

"It's the first call for breakfast."mirror, and pinning down an unruly

The gentle lashing of the waves lock of her dark hair. The next afternoon, the stewardsagainst the ship reminded her that the were busy decorating the deck, andgreat sea, just outside the wall, was everybody was enthused about thecalling to her. She sat up to look out dance.

of the porthole just above her berth.

The night was ideal, a smooth sea,Endless swells of deep, blue water fine stringstretched before her view. A little big silvery moon, while a

jingle which Paul had once told her orchestra swayed the lighthearted girls realizedcame to her mind: dancers. Some of the

their fond hopes when Mr. Steiner

"I was thinking of the many shores danced with them. More than one

the wandering waves caressed, pair of eyes followed his splendid form

Of the many times your lips to mine through the crowd.

were pressed. "May I have this dance, Miss Bag-

I was thinking how in all this world, ley?"Louise heard him saying. Be- I love you best of any—fore she realized.it, she was waltzing

A hearty laugh in deep melodious with him. Had she ever enjoyed a

voice interrupted her musings. She dance more than this one? she asked

listened attentively, wondering who herself, as they glided over the deck the man was. He had evidently just in perfect rhythm. night Yes—the

Feb.. 1929 WHICH WAY? 315

Paul had given her his ring to wear. "I'll tell you some time,"he anMr. Steiner was clasping her hand swered with a deep, mysterious laugh;

so tightly that Paul's ring hurt her. then he added, more seriously, "They

"I've never had the pleasure of visiting are the victims of law, the same as we

Utah,"he was saying. "The 'Morare."

mons'are a peculiar people, aren't "Made and held in position by an they?"Allwise Creator,"she interrupted.

She met his questioning gaze. As "What makes you think that?"

she hesitated an instant, she felt her Her heart fluttered an instant. Then

cheeks flush. "Y-yes,"she faltered, she answered emphatically, "Because

and he continued. "I understand they I know that God, our Father in heaven,

have a very unique organization, but understands all the laws of the uni-

I suppose they are very much the same verse."He was surprised at her posias other people, as a whole."tiveness, and through his questions, he

After a wretched moment of indelearned a great deal about her faith and cision, she again agreed with him. her Church.

"I've heard that Utah is noted for "Have you noticed this little charm her beautiful daughters,"he added, I wear on my—"he began.

"and now I am convinced.""Yes indeed,"she interrupted.

How her heart beat! "What does it mean?"

Later, in her stateroom, she smiled "It's the emblem of the degree I at herself in the mirror, as his last hold as a Mason. The Masonic Lodge

words rang in her ears. What was is an ancient order of brotherhood and

there about this man that made him it embodies my religious beliefs. Our

so different from anyone she had ever temple rituals can be traced back to known before? Everybody seemed to Solomon's temple."

like him so very much; especially the "I wish you could see our maggirls! Then she pondered over his nificent temples,"Louise exclaimed, enquestions about her Church, with a thusiastically, "but of course only

disquieting twinge in her heart. She members of our Church are admitted

wished she had told him why they to them."He was surprised to hear

were a peculiar people. Paul would how solemn and binding the "Morhave welcomed such an opportunity, mon"temple marriages are, as com

but she had utterly failed. pared to those of other creeds. Then

Lying awake in her berth, she reshe told him about the vast missionary solved that she would tell Mr. Steiner system of her Church, and that she

some time about her Church and peoknew one of the missionaries in Lonple. She asked her Heavenly Father Trowbridge. He would don—Grant

to help her carry out her decision. be able to explain their religion much

After the concert the next evening. better than she could.

Mr. Steiner drew Louise aside from "You are very sincere in your bethe crowd. "Shall we go for a stroll lief, aren't you, little girl?"He softly

on the upper deck?"he queried. They pressed her hand, which rested on the

strolled awhile and then sat down to arm of her deck chair. She gently

enjoy the beautiful summer night. withdrew it. "You're a good little

Relaxed in the big, comfortable preacher,"he continued. "Can't we

chairs, they studied the starry heavens be closer friends. Louise?"

illuminated by the full moon. He The stars shone brighter. The lady

smoked his cigarette in silence. in the moon smiled down, understand-

"I wonder what the stars would tell ing. The girl's heart skipped a beat,

us, if they could talk,"Louise comas she shyly acceded to his request to mented in an awed tone. become friends.

Feb., 19Z9316 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The next morning Louise wrote a and she asked herself, "Is this a ship or long, newsy letter to Paul, in which a king's palace?"

she related her Gospel conversation Gorgeously gowned women and with Mr. Steiner. She thought Paul wellgroomed men were chatting in

would have gloried in such an opporgroups, or reclining in the luxurious tunity. arm chairs. The air was fragrant with

The girl thoughtfully studied the the perfume of flowers, and a sympicture of Paul which was pasted on phony was being played exquisitely by the flyleaf of her diary. Would he a hidden orchestra. "This really is

ever be rich like Bruce Steiner? Would life, life!"Louise thought. What a

he ever be able to act as cultured as contrast to the long hours of drudgery this man who had traveled all over the in Mr. Timkins'dingy office, where

world and knew such prominent peoshe had to rush to work every mornple? ing, and return home each night weary

and exhausted. She pictured Paul "slinging hash"

(as he called it) in a cheap lunchroom. Mr. Steiner introduced her to some

It certainly wasn't very dignified, but of his acquaintances in the room, and she admired him for his pluck. And she observed the ease with which he

he was so much younger than Mr. seemed to mingle with them. She

Steiner, and such a dear fellow. She longed for the poise and grace of these

fancied she could see him rushing to people. She marveled at the way they

school from the lunchroom. June. talked of parties and incidents in Paris,

the only daughter of wealthy Ed. Rome, New York, Washington, BerTrowbridge, was also attending Colin, London, Capetown; just as

lumbia this summer! She used to though they were a group of country

invite Paul to their house so much! towns, all in one locality. A glorious

Thinking of June made Louise realize new world had suddenly opened to how dear Paul was to her. her.

The evening was a novel one for By evening the waves were pitching high, crowned with foamy whitecaps. Louise, as were the alluring days which

The dense fog produced a clammy followed. Bruce Steiner observed how

drizzle. The great fog horns were thrilled she was with his friends, and

blowing incessantly, and a sharp wind took every opportunity to let her mingle with them, telling her interestswept the open decks.

ing bits of gossip about the brilliant

At an appointed hour Louise met Lady Huntington, or Baron von WillMr. Steiner on the upper deck. As aredt, or the wealthy Mrs. Campbell.

they crossed it, a driving wind, accomThe eight days'shiplife, in the panied by a sharp lurch of the ship, company of one so fascinating as Mr.

sent the girl staggering across the dark Steiner, had been as a revelation to the deck. Suddenly two strong arms steadsmall-town girl. She began to wonder

ied her. She clung to Bruce Steiner to whether she was the same poor little

keep from falling. The storm seemed girl who had drudged in Mr. Timto lose its fury when his strong arms kins'office.

were around her. The blood tingled Louise was promenading the deck

in her veins as he laughed exultantly, with Mr. Steiner on their last evening"How now, my little preacher?"aboard ship. "Tomorrow I shall atThen he led her inside. They detend our Sunday School in London!"

scended a broad marble staircase into she announced happily. They were

the drawingroom, which seemed watching the lights blink and glimmer very brilliant after the outside darkon the English coast, as the ship drew ness. It's grandeur bewildered Louise, steadily toward the harbor.

Feb.. 1919 WHICH WAY? 317

"I'll be there, too!"he jovially rethe noon plane, and then persuaded the

sponded. "I'll try anything once."unwilling Mrs. Bagley and the willing

Early the next morning they found Louise to accompany him. Of the

suitable rooms in a London hotel. twelve seats in the glassenclosed cabin.

Mrs. Bagley was suffering with a Louise noticed that Bruce had reserved

severe headache and remained at the the very best ones for them, and he hotel. Louise got information from was much offended because she and her

the hotel clerk how to find the "Moraunt insisted on paying for them. Inmon"Church. deed. Mrs. Bagley. though naturally

Sunday School had just commenced unsuspicious, was beginning to fee!

in the little London branch when she that Mr. Steiner was much too attenand Mr. Steiner entered the hall. They tive.

were singing "O Ye Mountains High."The trip was a thrilling one for her.

To her, it was like coming home, to There was no conversation in the plane hear those dear, familiar strains. "The because of the deafening noise of the

same spirit is here."she thought, as engine. Bruce wrote some reports and

she joined in the singing.. letters during the two and onehalf

After the meeting. Grant Trowhour trip. Occasionally he handed her

abridge hastened to Louise, where he a little note. One of these brought

was surprised to meet Mr. Steiner. He happy flush to her cheeks as she read.

"Darling we go throughwas eager for news from girl—can't home—ofPaul and June. Louise flushed unlife this way together?"She thrilled

comfortably when he plied her with at the prospect of a continuous life of questions about Paul, and it irritated sensation and new experiences. "On

her when he joked her about Paul and aeroplanes, ships, trains: living in fine

June being in summer school together. hotels and wearing beautiful clothes!"

"Are you going to stay for church?"she thought. "How wonderful!"

he queried of Louise and Mr. Steiner. While she was soaring through the

"Oh, goodness, no!"retored the air over the French countryside, dreamlatter. "We've done our duty now ing of a life of ease and luxury, Louise

for a long time, haven't we, Louise? carelessly turned the pages of a magLet's go down to Piccadilly Circus."azine which was lying on her lap.

She turned slowly and hesitatingly Suddenly one of the advertisements in toward the door. She had certainly it caught her eye.

planned to stay for church when she A cozy kitchen window, with came, but it was evident that he had dainty ruffled kind she curtains—the

been either bored or oddly amused had always planned to have in her own with her Sunday School. She was little home, some day. And a bird

half angry at herself as they rode to cage by the window! A young father

town in a taxi. was romping with his little girl on the

But Piccadilly was entrancing to cheery kitchen floor. The puppy was

Louise, as were also the many other in the fray. too. What fun! Paul

places in London to which Bruce took liked to romp with little kiddies that her. What a man! He seemed to way. Suddenly a flood of memories

to go. what swept over her.know everything—where

to do. and how to do it. And as one How Paul worshipped his baby

happy day slipped by after another, sister! Louise recalled the day he

the little twinges of conscience that brought her over to visit them, while persisted to annoy her. grew less freshe was baking her first angelfood

quent. cake. How Paul had enjoyed that

One morning he received a telegram cake, on the corner of the kitchen which necessitated his immediate flight table, declaring he bad never in all his to Paris. He reserved three seats in life eaten such a delicious morsel—that

318 IMPROVEMENT ERA Feb.. 1929

it was certainly fit for angel's food, Bruce Steiner was disappointed. AH

having been made by one of them! his powers of persuasion could not inLouise had laughingly threatened, duce her to get married before she

"I'll bake a devil's-food cake next sailed for home. She would not detime, and then maybe you'll know cide definitely. Something had a

when to stop eating!"His punishstrong hold on her which he could not

ment had been to wash the dishes, and fathom. He did not know the sacred

what a time he had getting into her truths deeply imbedded in her soul;

new "fantangled"apron. nor that thoughts of a fine young

in New York were constantly Now her eyes rested on the older student man sitting near her in the plane. How coming up in her mind.

deep the lines in his face were! How He unlinked from his watchchain

grey his temples! Strange that she the Masonic charm, which Louise had

hadn't noticed these before. Children always admired. Handing it to her,

annoyed him. She recalled, with dishe said, "Take this, dear. I'll be in

pleasure, an incident on the ship, when Berlin for the next four weeks. I want

he had scolded a sunny, little, curlythis charm back, as I value it highly.

headed boy for playing Indian too But if you decide as I hope you will, loud. you may keep it for me until I see you

The matter slipped from her mind in New York. I hope my charm will

when they alighted in Paris, and bring you back to me."

drifted into the captivating life of the The next day, the big ship lay angay French capital. The charming chored near Cherbourg, waiting for

thrills! brought to her by the tender.boulevards,galleries—endlessthe cafes, the theatres, art the last load of passengers to be

But sometimes when Louise was all "Farewell!"Bruce Steiner waved to

alone with her thoughts, as when Louise and Mrs. Bagley, as the rolling

studying the exquisite paintings in sea widened between them. So long

the Louvre, or after her prayers at as his tall figure was visible on the night, she felt a disquieting unrest in shore, Louise waved her handkerchief.

her heart. Would Bruce exact a promThe sea air was refreshing. Louise

ise from her before she sailed for spent many hours in her deck chair.

home? Was she obligated to him? She dreamed of the happy days spent

But she usually drowned her troubling with Bruce Steiner, and then she thoughts in refreshing sleep. thought of Paul.

"Isn't Paris beautiful!"Louise exWhy had he not written more

claimed one day as they stood alone often of late? In vain she had looked

on the highest etage of the lofty Eiffel for a letter from him before leaving

Tower, viewing the world far below Paris. What had Grant Trowbridge

them. written to him? What of June? Paul

"It surely is, with you here, dearknew the date that Louise and her aunt est,"and he put his arm around her. were to arrive in New York. Would

"Let's get married before you leave he be there to greet them?

Paris,"he pleaded. The eventful day arrived. As they

"Married?"She repeated the word sailed past the Statue of Liberty the

almost audibly. While she had been ship's band played "America,"and

fascinated by his attentions, she had Louise was thrilled to see her native not seriously thought of marrying him. land again. She looked anxiously at

She had always associated her wedding the crowd on the pier, but Paul was day with the Salt Lake Temple, a? not there. Someone else was there,

something sacred and very beautiful. however, that she knew.

So now she was silent and confused. June Trowbridge came hurrying toFeb., 1929 Which way? 319

ward her. What joy it was to see a up there all target for these alone—the

familiar face from home, but Louise's base accusations and clever misinterheart was heavy. pretations. "If I could only help

June chatted gaily about New York him,"she thought. She closed her

and her delightful summer at Columeyes in an effort to calm herself, and bia. Finally she spoke of Paul. Louise's from her heart sent forth a prayer—the

pulses quickened. most sincere she had prayed in many

"He is going to debate tonight months.

against a minister,"June was saying. Then Paul arose. In a fine, com-

"Why, how is that?"exclaimed Mrs. posed manner, he explained the prinBagley. ciples so sacred to him, and defended

"Well, you see, our missionaries his religion and his people.

here think that Paul is the best speaker "A worthy son of our brave pioin the branch. He works here in the neers,"Louise whispered to her aunt.

branch, you know, and so they in- "But am I a worthy daughter?"she

sisted that he accept the challenge of asked herself. "What am I doing to

this minister, Reverend Markham."help the cause?"She thought of

"And you say it's tonight. June?"Bruce Steiner. A flush of guilt swept

Louise had found her tongue. over her. She saw clearly, for the

"We must certainly go!"Mrs. Bagfirst time, that she had been standing

ley exclaimed. "Where is it to be?"on the edge of a dangerous precipice.1

"I think I can find the church all How could she have been so blind right,"June answered. After the debate, Louise hurried

They had time enough to go to a down the aisle to Paul.

hotel first, and unpack their suitcases. "Louise!"He held her hand tightly

Then they took a street car out to the for several moments before he could church. It was a fine, large structure, speak again, but she read his feelings

and was almost filled with welldressed in his eyes.

men and women. Down in the front, "You don't know how I've missed

on the rostrum, Louise recognized you,"he murmured in a low voice.

Paul. "But, Paul, you're so thin!"she inThe minister had commenced his terrupted, anxiously.

speech, and the audience was listening "It's been a hard grind,"he adintently. His voice became louder and mitted. "But, Louise,"and his tired

sharper, as he thundered out his accueyes glistened, "I got by all right, and sations against the "Mormons."He we can go hon\e together, can't we?"

pounded on the pulpit for emphasis. * * *

Pointing his finger at Paul, he draThe next morning Louise walked matically demanded of him to try to up the broad stairs of the big New disprove the statements he was making. York post office. "Please register this

Louise flushed with anger at the little box."she instructed the clerk,

statements he was making about her "to Mr. Bruce Steiner at this address

people. Her heart went out to Paul in Berlin."

There is a spectacle grander than the ocean, and that is the conscience.

There is a spectacle grander than the sky, and it is the interior of the soul. To

write the poem of the human conscience, were the subject only one man, and he the lowest of men, would be reducing all epic poems into one supreme and final epos. It is no more possible to prevent thought from reverting to an

ideal than the sea from returning to the shore. With the sailor this is called

the tide; with the culprit it is called remorse. God heaves the soul like the

ocean. Joseph Cook.

Herbert Hoover (Conclusion) By Mary C. Kimball

In 1914 Hoover and those assohim a great world figure. His first

ciated with him had 175,000 emservice was to help aid seventy thouployees. He had made successful out sand stranded American travelers to

of unsuccessful mines, good mines out get home. Rich as well as poor were

of bad ones; he had raised bankrupt helpless because letters of credit,

mining companies to solvency, not by travelers'checks and drafts were only manipulation of the stock exchange, printed paper. They needed money.

but by getting out the ore and making He gathered together his own money the mills efficient. Kellog says, "A and that of his friends and opened a

successful mine is infinitely more than bank, unique in that it had no de- a hole in the ground with mineral at positors but gave out money against its bottom. It is railroads and steampersonal checks signed by unknown

ers, mills, housing for the men, men Americans on unknown banks. Of

themselves, organization, system, skill, several hundred thousand dollars he brains, allaround human capacity. thus risked on American integrity all

Herbert Hoover is a great miner bebut $250 came back. He found room,

cause he is a great man."passage on steamers. He raised a charHoover's Principles of Mining has ity fund for the needy. All who could

been a text for students since it prove their American citizenship were came from the press in 1909. The given whatever was necessary from

book is a condensation of lectures dethis fund. Hoover received no salary

livered at Columbia and Stanford. The from the government or from relief

first part is devoted to technical methorganizations for his services all durods, the latter part to "the character ing the war. He gave up a large intraining and obligations of the mining come and paid out large sums of his

engineering profession."The author own to carry on the work.

"sets up a standard of professional Belgium depends upon constant imethics for the engineer of the very portation of foodstuffs. (50% of her

highest degree and reveals his own general food needs and 75% of her genuinely philanthropic attitude tofood grains have to be imported.)

ward his fellowmen."When "a ring of steel"was thrown

Hoover collaborated with others in around her it meant starvation unless the production of Economic Minoutside succor was provided. The

ing. In 1912 he published a very Germans finally gave permission for

beautiful edition of an English transthe importation of foodstuffs by way lation of Agricola's De Re Metallica. of the Dutch frontier and gave a

This work, first published in Latin in guarantee that they would not be re1556, was the first treatise on mining quisitioned by the German army.

and metallurgy and was the standard They would not permit, however, that manual for one hundred and eight money be sent from Belgium to pay for years. Mrs. Hoover worked with her the food except a first small amount.

husband on the translation which ocSo much difficulty was encountered cupied their Sundays and evenings for that Ambassador Page and the Belgian nearly five years. authorities asked Hoover to organize

Hoover's work during the war made the relief work. Mr. Page said. "If

Feb.. 1929 HERBERT HOOVER 121

anybody can save Belgium Hoover can. range for their clearance."The amazed

There never was such a genius for orofficial replied, "There have been men ganization. He can grasp the most sent to the tower for less than you

complex problems, wheels within have done, young man. If it were for

wheels, and get all the cogs running in anything but Belgium it Relief,—if perfect harmony. Besides, he will have were anybody but you, I should hate

the courage to act promptly as well as to think what might happen. As it

effectively when once he has deteris, I suppose I must congratulate you mined on the right course to pursue. on a jolly clever coup. I'll see about

He is not afraid of precedent or red the clearance papers at once."

tape. A man who has developed and In April, 1915, one of the ships directed large mining interests all over carrying food was torpedoed by a Gerthe world and who has been consulting man submarine and later an aeroplane engineer for over fifty mining comtried to drop bombs on another. Mr. panies cares more about doing a

Hoover went to Berlin at once. He good job than making money; he's

was told that Germany regretted this giving himself, now, heart and soul to and that it would not happen again. this relief work, and we may be sure, "Thanks,"said Mr. Hoover. "Perhaps if the thing is humanly possible, that your excellency has heard about the he will find a way."Mr. Hoover had man who was bitten by a badtempered to purchase food for ten million people dog? He to went the to owner have in Belgium and northern France and the dog muzzled. But the dog won't ship it across seas that were strewn bite you,'"insisted the owner. 'You

with mines and submarines and withknow he won't bite me and I know he out the normal means of transportawon't bite me,'said the injured man, tion. He got for helpers young Amerdoubtfully, 'but the question is, does

icans who were anxious to work the dog know?''"Herr Hoover,"

many of them were Rhodes scholars. said the high official, "pardon me if

He arranged to transport the supplies I leave you for a moment. I am going

that were needed, the cargo was stowed at once to 'let the dog know.'"

away, and the hatches battened beDespite opposition of many kinds fore he went to get clearance papers. and from many quarters, there was

He said, "We must be permitted to never a day from the beginning of the leave at once. If I do not get four work till the last day of need that a

cargoes of food to Belgium by the end single commune of all the 5.000 in

of the week, thousands are going to Belgium and France did not redie of starvation and many more may ceive its daily bread. Nearly a billion

be shot in food riots."The cabinet dollars were spent by the C. R. B. for

minister told him that what he asked supplies and their transportation at an was out of the question. "In the first overhead of a little more than oneplace,"he said, "there is no time, and half of one per cent. During the fifty

if there were, there are no good wagons months of the relief work there came to be spared by the railways, no dock regularly, and generally safely, across hands, and no steamers. Besides, the the ocean and through "minestrewn

channel is closed to merchant ships channels, rice from Rangoon, corn for a week to allow the passage of from Argentine, beans from Manarmy transports.""I have managed churia, wheat, meat, and fats from

to get all these things,"replied Hoover, America at the rate of 100,000 tons "and am now through with them all a month."

except the steamers. This wire tells Hoover's was the responsibility of

me that these are loaded and ready to planning and thinking out ways and sail, and I have come to you to armeans and of seeing to details. He

322 IMPROVEMENT ERA Peb., 19Z9

had constant conferences with allied Because of his fairness he won conforeign officers. He checked on treasfidence. The people admired him

uries and inspected all men sent over for his resourcefulness and honored to help. He flitted from England to him because of his devotion to the

France, Belgium, Germany and Amernation. He worked for weeks before

ica. He went to Rotterdam to examine he was officially made United States

the food ships, floating elevators, and Food Administrator. When he accanal boats. He was given a freedom cepted, he stipulated that he should

in passing from country to country enreceive no salary and that he should joyed by no one else. He preached have a staff that would serve without

honesty. He was an example of compensation. Over seven and a quarhonesty. He had the confidence of all ter billion dollars were expended in

the powers. "He was 'the one man,'the purchase of supplies by the difnot by virtue of any official or artificial ferent agencies set up by the food adrank, but by sheer personal superiority ministration.

in both constructive and administrative capacity and in effective, practical acAfter the Armistice, Eastern Europe was in a terrible situation. The libertion."

ated peoples of the Baltic States

He does not like to be thanked. Poland, CzechoSlovakia, Jugo Slavia,

He refused to be decorated, but the and the Near in a state of East,—wereBelgians were determined to show their starvation. It was the duty of Amerappreciation. One day, after fighting ica, Great Britain, France, and Italy to

had ceased, when he was visiting the relieve them. The major relief had to

king and queen, the cabinet members come from America. All eyes turned

appeared. "The king created a new to Hoover as the man to undertake

order without ribbon, or button or the work. Millions were placed at his

medal and made Hoover its only disposal. He extended help also to

member. He was simply and solemnsufferers in Hungary, Austria, and

ly ordained 'Citizen of the Belgian Germany.

Nation and Friend of the Belgian "In 1921, through drought andPeople.'

famine in the Volga, fifteen to twenty

After the United States entered the million faced starvation. Sixtyfive

war, Hoover received a call to act as million were placed at Hoover's disfood administrator. President Wilson posal to aid these people. He found

expected him to tackle the ticklish job conditions unusually hard owing to of dealing with the stomachs and the primitiveness, illiteracy, and fatalpocket-books of the American people ism of the Russian peasants. Nearly

who were not used to Government in- a million tons of food were distributed terference in their personal affairs. The to more than twelve million people.

average duration of a food dictator Millions were "deloused,"vaccinated, in Europe had been six months. and inoculated.

Hoover said, "I don't want to be a the Mississippi flood imfood dictator for the American people. When

The man who accepts such a job will periled a million and a half people, lie on the barbed wire of the first made homeless 700,000, when over line of entrenchments."Hoover knew half a million depended on public supfrom previous experience that he could port, when homes were inundated,

rely on the heart of America. He felt crops destroyed, and famine and pestihe could rely on its brains, too. He lence hovered near, Hoover, the "man

put the matter of food control before for difficult jobs,"was called to take the people, pointed out the need and the helm. For more than three months

the way and asked them to decide. he slept on boats or on trains. Again

Feb.. 1929 HERBERT HOOVER 323

he supervised the expenditure of milmining geology, metallurgy, sleep—on

lions in aiding sufferers. economic and political science.

Herbert Hoover has been aptly He has been deeply interested in unistyled "the man for difficult jobs."He versities and has done much for his

is a man not to be baffled. He thinks alma mater. When it looked as though

clearly and is resourceful. He grasps Belgium would have to close her inall sides of a problem and gets at the stitutions of higher learning, he made

essence of a thing. He decides quickly it possible for them to remain open.

and works efficiently. He is courageous, A dozen American colleges and uniself-reliant and determined. He has versities have conferred honorary dean uncanny power to find and use grees upon him.

what he needs. He is tireless in seeing He has served with marked ability

to details. He believes in council, he as Secretary of Commerce. He is degoes to the highest authority for invoted to America and is rated as the

formation and while "his decisions are most constructive man in American his own they are always based upon a life.

conference with the largest number of He has few recreations, he neither the best informed people he can gather plays golf nor tennis, and walks but for a free discussion before he decides."little.

He has won the confidence and adHe is honest and straightforward.

He cares more for principle than for miration and love of the peoples of is a great man for heparty or politics. He has merited and the world. He

won worldwide confidence in his has been servant to millions.

ability and integrity. When the allies Problems

permitted Germany to be provisioned 1. Tell of Hoover's birth, parentunder the armistice, she had such conage, and early life.fidence in the integrity of Hoover, 2. What was a great factor in leadthat she unhesitatingly placed in his

ing Hoover to become an engineer?hands 220,000,000 German gold

3. Tell of his Stanford life.marks.

4. Point out characteristics of HooHe has creative imagination. A ver as illustrated in his mining life.

friend says of him, "He never touches 5. What has Hoover contributed to

an enterprise that does not appeal to the literature of mining?

his imagination as a great constructive 6. Tell some of the most interestjob. He likes to do new things in ing things connected with Hoover's

new ways."war service.

Although his has been such a busy 7. Show that the appellation "the

life, while he does the work of several man for difficult jobs"is an apt one each day, he has read widely. Books for Hoover.

are in all the rooms of his home. He 8. What has made Hoover so sucalways reads some before he goes to cessful and so greatly loved?

Our government has been tried in peace and it has been tried in war, and has proved itself fit for both. It has been assailed from without, and has successfully resisted the shock; it has been disturbed within, and it has effectually

quieted the disturbance. It can stand trial, it can stand assail, it can stand

adversity, it can stand everything but the marring of its own beauty and the weakening of its own strength. It can stand everything but the effects of our

own rashness and our own folly. It can stand everything but disorganization, disunion and nullification. Daniel Webster.

Men Are That They Might Have Joy

Let It Be Wholesome By E. L. Roberts, Director of Physical and Social Education, B. Y. U.

Imagine a savage, deprived of his ning of drinking, carousing, and loud primitive superstitions, but possessing joking, and lo, the chasm between him all the other human elements of and civilized man is almost bridged.

original man, suddenly placed in a The newfound brothers brawl and modern, highly complex community. sprawl in common blood relationship.

What confusion would come in his Why this difference between the two mind fields of human activity? The answer

would is clear. In the field of "foodgetting,"Place him in a factory—all

be bewilderment. Place him in a colthe pressure has been so keen, the law

would be perplexity. Lead of survival so exacting, that there haslege—all

him into the streets of a busy city been an almost infinite push towards fear and confusion would overtake progress. As a result there has come

him! Talk to him about ideals in such a change in the habits of civilized

business, politics, government and his man that grave concern is felt lest the face would be a blank. Of every phase human body, adjusted to an entirely

of life in which modern man is making different type of life, should suffer to a living, the poor savage would stand the point of race deterioration.

in awe; possessing, as he does, nothing The leisure activities have, however,

with which he could interpret the been less modified. They remain more

strange activities around him. on the primitive level. Indeed, many

Next take the original man out into of the serious foodgetting occupations those activities which represent the have survived as recreative activities.

civilized man's leisure and not his reMany of these are the most wholesome actions. Go fishing with him. take and relaxing of pleasure pursuits; as,

him for a hunt, a hike, or a climb; for example, hunting, fishing, and

his eyes brighten with recognition. camping. The reason these are restEscort him to a football game; he feels ful is that old, fundamental reactions

his blood tingle with something comare associated with pleasure. Original

mon. Push him into the "movies;"situations are linked up with original

at first confused, he soon enjoys the responses without the strain of modibattles, fights, and sensuous scenes. Atfication or readjustment. To release

tend with him the low type of vaudethese old responses is to get rest, reville; out of the confusion he gathers laxation, and real pleasure.

"throaty"singing, suggestive costumIf primitive recreative activities were ing, acrobatic stunts, gesture and moveall wholesome, the problem we are disments, most of which he understands. cussing would not exist. But there are

Lead your hopeful pupil next into a numerous expressions of original tenvulgar modern ragtime party. He dencies that are debasing. These, too.

knows. He grasps it. The savage give joy and are restful for the morhythm, the barbaric movements, the ment. But the price in moral degensalacious positions, all appeal to him. eracy is too high. Society must ultiHe almost feels as if he were at home in mately suffer from the results. We

a wild sex dance. At prize fights, cock have millions of men and women who,

fights, horse races, dog fights, our on the one hand, measure up to very primitive is soon warwhooping with high civilized standards in their work, glee. Draw him to the club for an evebut who. on the other, are reversions

Feb.. 19 29 MEN ARE THAT THE MIGHT HAVE JOY 325

and even perverts during many of their Knowing human nature to be thus pleasure moments. Captains of inconstituted, "sellers of pleasure"arise

dustry, political giants, intellectual in every community with the purpose geniuses are often failures and bankof coining the desire for relaxation for rupts in the field of enjoyment. their own financial betterment. They

Every care was exercised in the know what people, especially young youth of these men and women that people, want or seem to want; but

they should not form habits of inthey do not know why. neither do

at efficiency, carelessness, and inaccuracy they care why. They would laugh

a in their work and study; but little or the suggestion that they ought to be

no intelligent effort was put forth to part of the great evolution process, see that their 'recreative possibilities that they should help educate and train were made rich and full, and that they for better enjoyment.

did not form habits of pleasure selectInstead, they study the art of creating which were upon a savage plane. ing enticing that situations—situations

Their work and study were carefully will "short circuit"original instincts.

directed towards a definite goal, while Liquor releases the brutelike man of their leisure was allowed to drift. the past, by deadening all decent and

Millions and millions of dollars are higher sensitiveness: this poison they

expended yearly in training man, sell without conscience. The mad rag

from almost the cradle up, to make a dance shortcircuits the sex instinct.

living. All his original instincts are The lewd vaudeville suggestion opens

directed and modified to fit the dethe savage jaw of man with sensual mands of civilized life. Primitive laughter. They justify this on the

rhythms of activity are changed, regrounds that people like it, and there sponses to situations redirected, everyis no doubt about this, they do. Low

thing done to mold the young "anidrama, low scenes in the movies, and mal"into an economic, honest, ef- a thousand other means are used to ficient, moneymaking, goodsgather- anaesthetize the better man.

ing citizen. The man thus trained And the unfortunate thing about

well knows what to do during his these "settings"is that they do furnish working hours. a form of rest and relaxation, but only

But leisure is a different matter. to the vulgar and socially ignorant.

When the daily work is over, what People of this type are sometimes rethen? It is pitiful to watch crowds of freshed and more ready for the grind

young people wondering around upon of daily work after an evening spent the Sabbath, or even upon a holiday, in such recreation. In the absence of

or during any other rather long period better relaxation, this type may almost of vacation. "What shall we do?"be justified for people that are grown

This is the almost universal question. and are more or less "set."They de-

"Somebody start something."It is mand recreation of some sort and this

even more true of older people under form may almost be justified on the certain conditions. Any protracted grounds that the vulgar and socially

period of relaxation usually becomes ignorant cannot really rest and enjoy monotonous and work is again resorted the higher type. The better enjoyment

to as the only way to drive away is to them a bore, a weariness. But

ennui. how deadly dangerous it is for the

their At this time the most natural thing young people who are getting to do, unless training prevents it, is habits of enjoyment fixed! It estabthe primitive thing. It gives original lishes in them the habit of enjoying

pleasure. It intoxicates with the social food seasoned with garlic and

liquor of our ancestral pleasures. strong condiments. They become inFeb.. 1929326 IMPROVEMENT ERA

capable of detecting the finer and more done very little towards preventing delicate social flavors. And, besides, these same kinds of situations in the

these suggestive "settings"may and leisure pursuits. This we are all bedo cause a reversion and degeneration, ginning to realize and effort is being

even in people who have learned to put forth to arouse society to the enjoy better things. seriousness of the problem of leisure.

For, after all, the "setting"is the It is to be hoped that in the not farprincipal thing. We of course have distant future, training for leisure will

power to select, but this power is in receive as much consideration as traininverse ratio to the power of the ing for work. The child entering

original "setting."Scratch the civilschool will be given his lesson in play

ized man hard enough and you are and recreation as regularly as he is bound to find the savage underneath. given his other studies. Wrong habits

You may have to dig deep into the of social enjoyment will be methodichighly cultured or the profoundly really eradicated. The adolescent boy

ligious. But arrange a situation deand girl in the high school will be

signed to bring out the original man educated for the higher and more and he is most likely to appear. wholesome forms of enjoyment. Their

To demonstrate this, I once requested natures will be carefully studied by extwo peaceloving, religious, university perts, their original tendencies will be understood. With this understanding professors with years of culture and reas a guide, "teachers of leisure"will finement to put on the boxing gloves

direct the activities of young people for a little physical exercise. They

so that they will form habits of proper did so. I then made secret arrangepleasure getting. ments with a half dozen young

gymnasium students to watch the exEven in the universities, recreation ercise and to comment freely but carewill in the future not be looked upon fully among themselves upon the skill as a side activity, something to be toland gameness of the boxers. The exerated, but will be seriously provided

ercise, which started as a friendly bout for and taught as an opportunity for under perfect control, ended in a fierce education. Training for the selection

fight with both teachers bleeding and of leisure pursuits will be as dignified pounding each other in real ancestral as that for any other part of schooling.

a life will be looked upon as fashion. The "setting"released "the To make

brute man of the past."A shower even more important than to make a

bath brought back the culture and living, and education for this field of activity will form a part of the there were apologies. Who was to human

blame? Certainly not the professors. very texture of the university curThey always bad the power of choice riculum.

and certainly they had the training At present I believe that in the high that would seem to guarantee a gentleschools and colleges the department of manly choice. But the power of the physical education should take under

situation was too much for them. The its charge most of the more active and

:heering and encouragement of the byphysical forms of recreation. It should

standers appealed to their instinct for add social education to its gymnastics approval. Jealousy, the fighting inand athletics. It should provide opstinct, all were "shortcircuited."portunity for dancing, play, sports,

Society through its education, trainhikes, outings, parties, etc. It should

ing and laws is constantly active in initiate wholesome vaudevilles, circuses, preventing "settings"which shortcir- and motionpicture shows.

cuit primitive instincts in the business These things should be directed with of making a livelihood. It has as yet the end in view of developing an apFeb., 1929 MEN ARE THAT THE MIGHT HAVE JOY 327

petite for harmless and proper forms of ture shows should be far more rigorrelaxation. Every effort should be ously censored. Each community

made to keep the activities interesting, should have the right to censor. The

so that they are really enjoyable. If censoring, however, should be made

this is not done there will be no reby sane students of human nature and laxation. human relaxation needs, and not by

To make it possible for such acintolerant fanatics, tivities to succeed, society must, by law When these things are done there and the enforcement of law, make it. win be a deaner k a happier peo

impossible for commercialized amuseaQ(J healthkr le Work will the to appealments 5 intensive, more efficient,a:... "and be more

, lower and,.olderset- f....,. arrangingimpulses,, uby ofy manto

e in be hours Wll sPent these shortcircuit,tings"which will f at the andl J he leisuwholesome same should beold instincts. There no haPPy>

time restful and relaxing amusements.public pleasures of a degenerating

shall have fewer bankrupts, bothorder. Public dances should be comWe

pelled to maintain standards of dein the field of work and in the field of cency. Vaudevilles should be cleansed play. Mankind will be able to make

of their vulgar phases. Motionpic- a life as well as a living.

Love Pacifies and Elevates

eternal family relation- A Latterday Saint missionary was speaking on ship. Those listening seemed to be interested. Suddenly a man interrupted

with a show of anger, "You seem to think that we all actually believe what you say."The speaker answered, "Are you a minister, brother?"The response

was, "Yes."Then the "Mormon"missionary followed with these words:

"As a minister you desire to bring souls unto Christ, but you can never do so in anger. The Gospel message is love. The angels sang, 'Glory to God in the

highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.'"(Luke 2:14). The

congregation seemed to join in with the missionary, and even the minister saw his mistake. In parting he came up and shook hands with the speaker and

goodwill prevailed. Truly, "A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous

words stir up anger."(Proverbs 15:1.)

is calm. A speaker influenced by the Holy Ghost does not get angry. He

He possesses a joy of the spirit that all feel. Spirit speaks to spirit and the

hearers never forget the message.

The Savior's final instruction before his intense suffering was, "These things I command you, that ye love one another."(John 15:17). His

was a perfect love.

In our homes, in our daily actions, we should pray and strive for love.

"Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey: whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto

righteousness."(Romans 6:16). None of us can afford to obey evil influences

by exercising force and anger.

President Joseph F. Smith said, "You can drive a boy, but you will drive

him to hell. The only way you can successfully rear children is through the

power of love."Through the irresistible power of loving service, his life was

an eminent success.

Love is the greatest power in the world, love is from God, and, to go back into our Father's presence, we must love him and love his children Joseph

S. Peery.

Messages from the Missions A Friend Pays Tribute to Missionaries

The Era is in receipt of the following letter from Thos. Hogarth, of

High Burrows, Egton Bridge. Yorks. England:

We have recently had the pleasure took a snapshot of them as they were of entertaining two of your young leaving, and if it is at all possible, I men missionaries, Mr. -Nephi Cutler should like to have both it and this

and Mr. Alden J. Kirkham. Now I letter inserted in the Improvement Era.

do not want you to infer from this to let their friends know that kindletter that I agree with their religious ness is not a lost art in old England.

views, and I know they fully under- I might add that they told me of sevstood my poeral unpleassition in the a n t experimatter. But ences they had

I do want to met with in say we had England, but some very really I was earnest talks not much on religious surprised, as subjects, and children are I was struck brought u p with their with an idea sincerity and that "Morenjoyed their mons"are 1 y h a 1 fcompany o n very much. I civilized, and

read a good must be kept deal of their at a distance, literature, inand, as I told cluding some Left: Alden J. Kirkham those young

RIGHT: NEPHI CUTLERparts of the men, that

Book of Mormon, and all the articles feeling will take a lot of living down.

in the Improvement Era, all of which England, as a rule, is very tolerant

I enjoyed; but I had to admit to them with regard to a man's religious views.

that I could not accept their doctrine. But, at the same time, they do not

However, laying all this aside, if all like their own to be interfered with, your young men missionaries are as and the "Mormon"belief is so much full of zeal as these boys, you cerdifferent from anything we have heard tainly have reason to feel proud. that it is looked at with suspicion,

They were with us five days, and and a visit of a couple of young men I think every time they went out, they in the neighborhood does very little came in wet, but this was in my favor, it. Now, if by as I had more of their company than towards changing

this should meet the eyes of I should have had otherwise. My chance

heart was touched when they told the parents of those two young men, me of their beautiful Salt Lake City they can rest assured that their sons are and of their friends and relatives. I still in civilization, and are all right.

Feb.. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 329

The Norwegian Mission By President Lorenzo W. Anderson

While Svcn Larsen was on a busiadvancement has been made in the face ness trip to Denmark in 1851, he beof opposition. Sven Larsen transcame associated with a few people who ported the elders from place to place

told him of the restoration of the in his lumber vessel, Zion's Love

Gospel. This so impressed him that (Zion's Lion). Missionaries and

he felt he must call upon Elder Erastus Saints have been cast into jails and fed

Snow, who was on bread and in charge of water for teachthe Scandinavian ing and accepting mission. Elder the Gospel;

Snow explained women have been to him the first deprived of supprinciples of the port for themGospel and bore selves and chil- a powerful testidren because they mony to the diwould not deny vinity of Joseph the truth and

Smith's mission. many have been

These truths fell thrown out of in good soil and work because Sven Larsen was they would not baptized Septemrenounce their ber 23. 1851. covenants.

His soul was But these trials filled with exmade good ceeding joy and Saints. Then

it was his desire they loved each to bring the same other. They

message to his were too busy coutrymen in getting a liveliNorway. Elder hood to think of

Hans F. Peterson President Lorenzo W. Anderson each other's failwas appointed to ings. When one

accompany him on his return. When had sorrow they all felt it. They

they came to Risor, Norway, Brother fasted and prayed for each other. After

Larsen's home town, they found that enduring these trials, the Lord opened their message could not be delivered the way for many to emigrate to Zion without opposition. Neither halls nor and their influence has been felt in most

school houses could be rented for of the wards at home.

teaching such doctrines and the minConditions are different now. Last

ister instructed Elder Peterson to get winter we had the privilege of presentout of the country as he had no passing the mayor with a copy of the Book port. They went back to Denmark, of Mormon and of holding a splendid

obtained the necessary papers and remeeting in one of the best halls in turned with another Elder, Johan A. town.

Ahmanson. Unable to get a place in Until April 3, 1920, the activities

which to hold meetings, Sven Larsen of this mission were directed from opened his home. Attending meetCopenhagen. August S. Schow was

ings, showing friendliness to the misthe first president of the Norwegian sionaries, or accepting the Gospel, mission and sixtyfive missionaries meant opposition and persecution. have been laboring here since then. For

From that day until the present all a time we had our own magazine, 330 IMPROVEMENT ERA Feb.. 1929

Morgenstjernen was published from they can appeal. It was so in the early

January 15, 1922, to December 15, church. When the apostles were

1925, when it was discontinued on acscattered and unable to come together count of finances. Our books, tracts to settle the differences which arose

and Stars come from Denmark. There among the people on doctrinal points,

is considerable difference between the the apostasy began. It would be the

languages taught in the schools of these same in our day if we did not have a two nations, so many of our young head. The people talk of their preacher

people are not getting the good they and not the doctrine he preaches.

should out of our Church works. Many have left the state church and

are associating with other churches. During the last two years we have are baptizing a few. Manyhad a little opposition from the police We

departments in three of our cities. They strangers come to our meetings once

see them again.objected to our elders working there, or twice but we do not

There are hundreds who know thebut the facts were presented to Mr.

Gospel is true, but various causes keepSwenson, U. S. Minister to Norway,

it.who took the matter up with the govthem from accepting

ernment officials and they gave us the The government is helping us with privilege of continuing our efforts. our dead ancestors. A record is kept

So far as I know, we are permitted to of those who are sprinkled in their work and hold meetings in every city infancy, of their marriages, the children in this nation. No one molests us. born to them and the time of death.

All the police ask of us is to report to These records are carefully kept, gaththe department when we arrive, if we ered and preserved in archives and substay over three days, and to report our ject to inspection and perusal of anydeparture. These visits have given us one desiring to copy from them. Disan opportunity of explaining the Gostricts and smaller cities are compiling

pel and we have made presents of some records of people who have lived there.

Books of Mormon to the officials. The In one respect Norway has taken a police seem to care but little whether step backward. They had prohibition

we are in their cities or not. We are here but much fault was found with the given permission to use the cemetery way the law was enforced. One could chapels in which to hold services over see drunken people on the streets but our dead Saints. They ask us to reliquor was not easy to get hold of. spect their laws and naturally we deGovernment officials held that the nasire to do so. tion was being deprived of 20,000,000

Norway has a state church, the kroner in revenue per year. Sixtyone

Lutheran. To hold office or teach ministers expressed themselves in favor

school, one must belong to it. The of having liquor and the question was

government builds the chapels and submitted to the people for a vote and hires and pays the ministers for their the law was repealed. What a conservices. All the rituals are prescribed. dition! Liquor is sold under governThey are performed because the law ment control in buildings rented by

requires it and not as an appeal from the government. Long before the door

the heart. At present there is controis opened, one can see men, women and

versy among the ministers on many children standing in line waiting to essential matters. There is doubt conget in. Police must be there to precerning the Savior's birth, his miracles vent a riot. Only a few are admitted

and his death and resurrection. Each at a time. When these are served a

minister preaches his own ideas and the few more are admitted. They may

people are not attending as they forbe seen leaving with packages containmerly did. There is no head to which ing two or more bottles. Many of

Feb., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 531

them are dressed in rags and almost tion of the Gospel and explaining the barefooted. Many go about begging principles necessary to salvation, that

for food, for they must have liquor. tracts could be secured free upon re-

I believe I see ten drunken persons on quest to the district president. Many

the streets today where I saw one while have sent for tracts and become inthe law was in force. Bread, fuel and terested.

clothes are of less importance in the During the month of May we made opinion of some than liquor, which an extended tour through the northern never has brought joy to any home. part of the country and had splendid

Books of Mormon have been sent results. We found many who had

to the editors of all newspapers in the never heard of the Gospel's restoration country. This has done much good. and they listened to our teachings most

A crusade was started to keep the gladly. At the meeting we held in

"Mormons"out of this land. So far Vardo, there were over five hundred

as we could learn, only four of the present and, contrary to our usual expapers would publish the articles, and perience, only about thirty were womthey were papers with but a small en. The others were fishers from the

islands of Lofoten and Vescirculation. We are never denied the faroff

use of press to advertise our meetings, teraalen. They took all our Books of

and we are often given reduced rates. Mormon and pamphlets. We also

We have sent copies of the Book of visited some Lapplanders. They

Mormon to all public libraries. Three treated us with kindness and were

of them were returned. The one from eager to obtain our literature. The

Statelle had the following letter acminister asked us not to do any work as they were so easily incompanying it: "We regret that we among them

it hard forare unable to accept of this book so fluenced and would make in the future. This trip taughtit is returned. We have the Bible in him

its proper form and we prefer recomus that the harder we worked and the greater wasmending it. Respectfully, Teacher more interest we gave, the

Olauf Gaystdal."the result. We were rewarded for our

labors.

Much good has resulted from the The Lord has been very kind to us.

suggestion made by President TalWe have seen many marvelous cases ofmage, "Let the affairs of a branch be healing, and while we are not bapgiven to the local brethren and the tizing many converts, we are findingmissionaries sent out among the those who have been members and strangers."We found that when they are renewing their interest. We

elders settled in a branch, they actually have met success with our BeeHive, did settle there. Those towns had M Men, Boy Scouts and Book of

been tracted so often that the people Mormon class in Oslo. If conditions

hated to see the elders come to their were such that we could carry out all homes. Lately they have been going instructions from the General Boards,

in groups of four or more. When they we would advance faster. A few are

came to a city, a hall would be rented, interested.

advertisements put in the papers, the It would be a good thing for the town tracted and the people told of mission if we had on record the inthe meeting. Many have been in atteresting experiences of the Saints and

tendance at those meetings and hunmissionaries in the establishment and dreds who knew nothing about the progress of the mission. It would be

Gospel have heard it. Advertisements easier to get them now than ten years

have also been inserted in a number of hence. If any will send me such ardistant papers, telling of the restoraticles, they will be carefully preserved

Feb.. 1919332 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and used to promote faith among our who would appreciate the visit of an young. elder. Too many think only of gratiWe need missionaries. We have fying their desires. Many are unemonly fifteen in the mission and some of on account of strikes, ployed—some

them will soon have to be released. but most of them because of financial

While most of the people are indifferconditions. If only the people would

ent to our message, still there are many accept the Gospel

"They Shall Lay Hands on the Sick and

They Shall Recover"Elder Edgar T. Henderson, secrenurses of the hospital became much

tary of the Australian mission, sends interested in the case because it was the following to the Era: so unusual.

While attending funeral services for Sister Crane hovered between life

Sister Rosina Pedlar, one of the oldest and death for a few days. Her husconverts of South Australia, Sister band was sent for a number of times

Teenie Crane, wife of Brother Donald as they expected her to pass away at

Crane of Adelaide, South Australia, any moment, and on two occasions the contracted a severe cold. In a few days doctor came personally for him. Their

this developed into pneumonia. Brothfaith was tried exceedingly in the

er Crane called for the elders and they promise made by the Priesthood. Her

administered to her. In the adminisfirst improvement was noticed the day

tration, they were impressed to promthat five humble "Mormon"missionise her life, and, inasmuch as she exaries fasted and prayed for her. Her

pected to become a mother in a few improvement then became quite manimonths, that her child would live also. fest as time passed.

Sister Crane was taken to the Today Sister Crane is in her home hospital, where little encouragement was given by the doctors for her rewith her child and the rest of her family. She is a living testimony of dicovery. Two days after her administration a child was born to her prematurevine healing. One seeing her now

ly. The attending nurse marveled after having seen her in the hospital

because the child was alive as the inwould marvel that a person could dications at his birth were that he be so completely restored. Her testi-

a would be born dead. The nurse remony, always strong, now makes

it. marked that she had never seen a case deep impression on all who hear

of its kind before. The doctors and Now she knows.

Notable Missionary Gathering in the

Danish Mission Elder Orval D. Benson sends us the were present. With spiritual feasts,

following report: banquets, crowded meetings, etc., every

One of the most memorable mismoment of the time was taken up.

sionary gatherings ever held in the Mission President Joseph L. PeterDanish mission took place from sen had given all the editors in the

August 9 to 13, during the visit city (twentyone in number) an inof President John A. Widtsoe of the vitation to attend the meetings and

European mission. All the elders interview our distinguished visitor.

laboring in Denmark, 31 in number, This had the desired effect, and no

Feb.. 1910 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 333

sooner had President Widtsoe arrived throughout the provinces also made in the city than he was besieged by comments upon this visit.

reporters. Lengthy and impartial inThe organizations of the Copenterviews were given in the papers, tohagen branch did credit to themselves

gether with pictures of Presidents in the way they decorated the meeting

Widtsoe and Petersen. Pictures of our place with an abundance of flowers

chapel were likewise published. and the national colors of America.

Bulletins by the hundreds were disDenmark and Norway. Two splenplayed at the various news stands in did banquets were also given in honor

the city, announcing the presence of of President Widtsoe, the missionaries our leader, and in the windows of the and visitors. Some of the latter had

largest paper in the city an electric traveled more than one hundred miles sign with huge letters proclaimed the to be present. The meetings were unarrival of "Mormonernes overste i usually well attended and spirited GosKobenhavn"("Mormon"authorities pel talks were given by our presidents.

in Copenhagen). Seldom if ever bePresident Widtsoe complimented

fore has the coming of a European our worthy leader, President Petersen, mission president been so widely on the splendid condition of the Danheralded as in this case. Papers ish mission.

Missionaries of the Danish Mission

First row, left to right: Anders P. Andersen; District President L. Aage Kjolby; District

President G. Philip Jensen; Ida A. Petersen, piesident mission Relief Societies: European

Mission President John A. Widtsoe; Mission President Joseph L. Petersen; District President

Christian Dausel; District President Ole Anderson: Minnie Anderson: Genealogist Hans N.

Ogaard. Second row: Theodore C. Jacobsen, Douglas Thomsen, Clarence B. Jacobs. Gunner

M. Nielsen. Richard T. Andersen, Juel L. Andreasen, Niels J. Andersen. LeRoy Larsen.

Sylvester W. Muir. L. Aldrid Christensen, Nephi M. Jorgensen, Clifton E. Henrichsen. Third

row: James C. Ostegar. Seth J. Larsen, Max R. Christensen, Robert L. Erickson, Albert

M. Olsen. Peter M. Andersen. George H. Carlsen, Ira A. Christensen. Anders Andersen, Orval

D. Benson. Ellis P. Christiansen.

DITOe

<T& Shooting Through the Law

The graphic object lesson of dethe prohibition insult to officer—an

votion to law given by Dr. George H. him if he is honest and a dangerous

Brimhall in the January number of suggestion if he is dishonest.

the Era is one which should be chiseled Violations of the eighteenth amendinto the consciences of every patriotic ment and the Volstead law are so citizen of our land. Here was a farmer, notoriously frequent as to cause nationliving near a forest reserve, who could al alarm. Some prominent men, with

not 'kill one of the many deer which more reputation than character, profess had been causing him annoyance and to believe that these laws are an inloss by trespassing on his fields, befringement on their personal liberty, cause he would not know what to say and they, too, think they are clever, to his boys if he should "shoot and in their own circles doubless boast through the law."about it, when they succeed in evading

What can any father say to his sons, the enforcement officers. And yet even

or to his neighbors'sons, if he himthese people will not seriously deny self shoots through the law, or drives that many of the accidents as well as through it, or fishes through it? What the crimes, accounts of which fill our

can he say if he drinks |or profanes daily papers, are traceable to violations through it? Circumstances may someof the liquor laws.

times make a minor violation or even a more serious one seem justifiable, but Here in Utah, after having comin this day, |when the spirit of lawmitted the most revolting crime known lessness is becoming such a real nato civilized communities, six men were turned loose upon the public duringtional menace, every soberminded served, on an averman and boy, regardless of personal 1928. They had

convenience or desire, should be image, slightly more than two years in pelled to do his bit toward adding the state prison, though in some states dignity and prestige to the law. their heinous offense is punishable by

Some really good but thoughtless death. Five other degenerates who

were sent to our penal institution forpeople regard it as an indication of attempting to commit the same crime,cleverness if they can evade the game, and were only prevented because oftraffic or similar laws which seem to interfere with their pleasure. They are some fortunate circumstances, were recareful not to be caught, for therein leased also during 1928, after serving

considerably less than an average oflies the disgrace in their opinion, not months and eightin the violation itself. They sometwo years—twenty

days to be exact. Parents of thetimes boast of exploits along this line

in the presence of their children or victims of these atrocious acts will not other young people. Even that great feel that so early a release of these

is lending any digmodern educator, the radio, brings to depraved criminals the listener the intimation that, in nity to the law.

order to have a thoroughly good time, It is not likely that lengthening the while on an excursion or enjoying a term of imprisonment would act as a holiday, it will be necessary to wink at restraint upon the mind of a man with

Feb., 1929 EDITORS'TABLE 335

such vicious instincts. Perhaps nothing a real improvement is a thorough

short of the death penalty would do Pentacostal awakening among our that, but at least there will be no loyal citizens who, of course, far outrepetition of their crimes as long as number the other class. If they will

they are behind prison bars; and while with determination actually "STAND

they are serving their sentences our FOR LAW: FOR THE PEOPLE WHO

young people are imbibing a greater LIVE IT, AND THE OFFICERS WHO ENrespect for the law. FORCE IT,"there will be an immediate

The one thing that will bring about improvement in the conditions.—C.

The Happiest Person I Have Ever Known

By Hardin Bennion She was born in an obscure Enghumble beginning, grew and developed lish village, daughter of an unlettered until she became a master of the Englaborer, youngest of nine children. lish language. Soon after her marriage

School facilities and opportunities were her house, with herself as teacher, benegligible. At a very early age she came the school for the neighborhood

found herself "out at service"in the children.

homes of the neighborhood gentry. In She became mother of nine children,

one of these the walls of the servants'and as they grew to manhood and quarters were lined with newspapers, womanhood the increasing time at her all of which were upside down, the disposal permitted her to revel in the purpose being to prevent the occupants best of modern literature. She even

from wasting time reading. No doubt did some writing on her own account,

this very fact, coupled with the well and at the Centennial Exposition in known characteristic of the English Philadelphia in 1876, she was accorded race to outwit and triumph over opthird place among writers of her own position, caused my mother to learn state.

to read backwards and upside down, Without vaulting ambition, yet which she could do as well as in the with an aim sufficiently high to deordinary way. mand constant study and effort; with

At twentytwo years of age she an abiding religious faith which dejoined the "Mormon"Church and manded constant service and devotion with three of her sisters sailed for to others; her children steadfast in the

America and Utah, to her the promised faith of their parents and standing in land, to reach which she walked the the respect and confidence of the comone thousand miles between Omaha munity; and with a constant growth

and Salt Lake City. Two years later of appreciation of the good things in

she married a man of sterling worth literature and the development and and uncompromising integrity, who, progress of the world, she grew old like her, had come to Utah for his gracefully, it was said of her, abundreligion's sake, and by whose side she antly prepared and satisfied to enter walked and in whose love and confiand with her husband preside in that dence she dwelt, in everincreasing eternal mansion which to her would measure, until he died. be but a glorified and exalted edition

Her love of literature, with its of her earthly life and home.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

An Example Worth Following Elder C. I. Goff recently made a resentatives were of great interest to

report to the Presiding Bishop's the boys, as they had the privilege of office, which is so interesting that it is sitting in the seats of the various predeemed worthy of publication. siding officers and law makers of the

"In appreciation of the labors of state and had explained to them the the Aaronic Priesthood of the East procedure of making laws, etc.

Jordan stake, the High Council Com- "The.entire group of 173 with

mittee, consisting of C. I. Goff, Dr. C. their guides, which in many cases con-

C. Jensen, M. Burgess Andrus; and sisted of ward bishops, bishops'counHenry Jorgensen, conducted an excurselors, scout leaders, and Aaronic

sion of the boys to Salt Lake City on Priesthood supervisors, proceeded to

December 28, last. one of the theatres, where a very en-

"They were first taken to the tabertertaining program was enjoyed by all.

nacle, where two members of the PreThe caravan of 35 automobiles then siding Bishopric, Sylvester Q. Cannon proceeded homeward, arriving there

and David A. Smith, explained the after dark.

points;and items of interest on the

feels thattemple grounds, after which they ex- "The stake committee some recognition should be given toamined the console of the great tabernacle organ and greatly enjoyed the all members of the Lesser Priesthood are diligent and faithful in theorgan recital rendered by Brother who

Tracy Y. Cannon. discharge of their duties. It is, there-

"A visit was then made to the Desfore, the intention of the committee eret Museum in the Bureau of Informto conduct two such excursions during ation building. Later a trip was taken each year, the first during the holiday

to the state capitol, where special guides season to various points of interest, explained the various state exhibits and the other during the summer showing Utah's great resources. The months, when the,boys can get close

government room and especially the to mother nature in the nearby cansenate chamber and the house of repyons and resorts."

Ushering We desire to call the attention of who attend, practically no attention bishops of wards to the requirement is given to the matter of seeing that of the Aaronic Priesthood activities they are properly seated. The result

which provides for regular assignment is, the seats near the rear of the buildof duties and report of duties pering are filled first, leaving the front formed. At the present time our atseats practically empty. We feel this

tention is called to the apparent condicondition should be reversed and the tion of disorder in our meeting houses people of our wards encouraged to give immediately preceding the opening exmore attention to this matter.

ercises. To encourage them further young

While it is a practice in many wards men of the Aaronic Priesthood quofor a member of the bishopric to be rums should be stationed at the door.

stationed at the door to welcome those When the officer in charge extends

Feb.. 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 337

greetings to those entering he could at love, and order. Thoughtful attenthe same time assign one of these tion to these matters will not only imyoung men to escort them to their press upon older members their duty,

seats. This would lend an air of but will develop in the young men

dignity to the proceedings and Church who are called to take part a spirit members, no doubt, would feel it their of reverence and a desire to do their duty to occupy the seat to which they part in bringing about this most dehad been assigned by these young men. sirable condition.

We desire that there be in our places Presiding Bishopric.of worship at all times a spirit of peace,

Systematic Supervision of the Aaronic Priesthood

The Stake Aaronic Priesthood Comto render actual assistance and relief mittee of Liberty stake is actively to the bishopric in the work of the working to advance this great moveward. The work to be done is outment. They have sent to each ward lined under the following headings:

an outline showing what the ward (a) Find your membership.supervising committees can do to pro-

(b) Provide interesting and worthmote Priesthood activity.

while classwork. Therein it is stated that the responsi-

(c) Keep the boys active in the wardbility of doing the various things outand community.lined should be placed definitely upon

(d) Be missionaries.the individual committee members and

(e) Build upon and amplify theseclass teachers in such a way as to assuggestions, and make a programsure the prompt and efficient performof your own.ance of each duty without overtaxing

any member. Everyone on the comUnder these various headings demittee must have something important tailed suggestions are made -which are

to do. very helpful in the matter of accomThe aim of the program is, first, to plishing the purposes set out in the

save and train the boys; and second. outline.

Sample Letter by Young Man Proposed for Ordination

The following letter was addressed Father said that he knew nothing to his bishop by a boy who had been better could happen to me in this invited to state his feelings regarding world. I also consider the matter of

the proposed ordination: being ordained a deacon a matter of

great importance.Dear Bishop:

I have looked forward to this call You can trust in me to fill the office for some time and think it is a great of a deacon to the best of my ability.

honor to be worthy of being ordained Respectfully 'yours, to the office of a deacon.

I will try at all times to do my best to magnify my calling.

We ought not to judge of men as of a picture or statue, at the first sight. La Bruyere,

MUTOAL W0R

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Cooperation Between M. I. A. and Primary

Under the reassignment of the sugrowth of the threemonths'activities pervision of leisuretime activities for preceding. These events are excellentthe Church, as approved by the genly planned and will meet the needs of

eral authorities, (M. I. A. Hand Book, the children of the Church. It is hoped

p. 14) the Mutual Improvement Asthat all M. I. A. officers will lend

sociation and Primary Association are hearty support towards their accombrought into close relationship and plishment.

must cooperate constantly that the All ward events, supervised by the program may go forward successfully. M. I. A., in which the entire memberfor example, The Primary organization has preship participates—as,

pared a schedule of four special ward reunions, picnics and excursions recreational events for the year, to be receive the full cooperation—should

conducted on in Febof the Primary Association, insofar as afternoons—one

ruary, one in May, one in September, these events include the participation one in to be the outof children. December—each

Conjoint Meeting

Sunday, March 3, 1929 Read introduction to slogan: by which man progresses and through

which justice is assured."Leo J. Muir.

"If the force of gravitation should be

Repeat slogan:suspended for one moment, the earth

Topic: Springtime: Plowing andwould be annihilated. If iron, heated,

should today expand, tomorrow contract, Planting.

there could not be a machine shop in the Texts:

world. If like did not unfailing beget "Thus saith the Lord, to the men of

like, every hope of orderly life would be Judah and Jerusalem, break up your fallow vain. If excellence were today the product ground and sow not among thorns."Jereof thoughtful labor, tomorrow the fruitmiah 4:3.

age of indolence; if one might dissipate "Sow to yourself in righteousness, reap

his energies and yet succeed, while another in mercy, break up your fallow ground for must forge his strength through exacting it is time to seek the Lord till he comes would be no justiceconcentration—there and rain righteousness upon you."Hosea

in life and there could be no formula of 10:12.

success and achievement. If wilful slander

did not undermine confidence; if shameless of Y. Address—Plowing—Memberimmodesty did not imperil virtue; if guilt M. M. I. A.

did not torment could be conscience—who

taught the way of honor and uprightness? What it means to the agriculturist.

The law, the principle, is the instrument Activity demonstrates faith.

Feb., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 339

Result of faithful devotion to duty. Musical selection.

Apply to responsibilities of youth.

of Y. Selfexamination commended. See Address—Planting—Member

L. M. I. A. I Corinthians 13:5. Sow not among thorns. David's yearning, "Create in me a

Parable of the sower: Matt. 13:3-8. clean heart."Psalms 51:10. Application: Cultivate good Implies:

thoughts. Read good books. a. Honest confession to self.

"Search the Scriptures."John b. Honest confession to God.

A Prophet's confession of weak- 5:39; Doctrine and Covenants: Sec. 130: 1819. ness. Pearl of Great Price,

"Writings of Joseph Smith."Seek knowledge:

Professor Karl G. Maeser: "No man a. In conversation.

shall be more exacting of me than b. In Improvement Era and in

I am of myself."Young Woman's Journal.

Memorize Article of Faith, 13. c. Attend services and lectures.

Reference: Job 4:8; Matt. 15:13; d. Keep good companionship.

Luke 9:62. Read hymn: "Though in the outLesson: Expunge weeds pr thorns ward church below."(Hymn

and eliminate unholy passions. Book, page 277.)

ADULT DEPARTMENT

Findings of Questionnaire Courses of Study and Enrollment: sions are enrolled in Priesthood sesOut of 547 wards and 50 mission sion.

branches reporting, 487 wards and 3157 men in wards and 45 1 in mis48 branches have one or more adult sions are enrolled in joint session classes. (8:30-9:30).

54 wards and 4 branches are studying Genealogy exclusively. Project

96 wards and 1 5 branches are study- 1 74 wards are devoting one night a ing "Captains of Industry"exclusively. month to a consideration of the pro98 wards and 9 branches are studyject. Many stakes report success in

ing Moral Teachings of the New putting it over. Some consider it at

Testament exclusively. union meetings, some by special lec10 wards and 2 branches are studytures and many are reported as "giving

ing "Current Literature"exclusively. it attention."

252 wards and 8 branches are comBook:

bining the courses.

234 wards report successful activity 4568 women in wards and 492 in on the Reading Course Book, From missions are enrolled in separate sesEmmigrant to Inventor. sion (7:45-8:30).

4277 women in wards and 524 in Difficulties were along such lines as missions are enrolled in joint session. the following:

3596 men in wards and 444 in misHousing, lack of understanding of

Feb.. 1929340 IMPROVEMENT ERA

new plan, plan too complex, lack of meetings unsuccessful because of many efficient teachers, irregular attendance, subjects.

length of meetings, lack of cooperaMany wards report satisfactory protion on part of Genealogical divisions, gress, and many are pleased with diversity of subjects, Relief Society Adult plans and methods of working being held Tuesday night, Union them out.

The Soul of China By Richard Wilhelm. Translated by J. Holroyd Reece. Harcourt,

Brace, and Company, New York, 1928, 373 pages.

Review Written by Dr. Elbert D. Thomas

For centuries it has been held in much about Europe as it is about

China that every Chinese has three China. The European part is quite

souls and, in addition, seven animal unconscious, but it is there neverthespirits. The animal spirits live only less. That is why it is a good book.

as long as the body. At death the Because,the evolution of the soul of

souls are scattered. One goes to the China is not a thing separate and infuture world to be punished or redependent, but is, in the big, merely

warded; one remains in the grave; and a part of the rather jerky evolution of

one goes into the ancestral tablet. In the soul of the whole world.

life one soul is permanently attached In the evolution of Richard Wilto the body. One has the power of helm's soul, we have a glimpse of the

leaving it. This makes it possible for most healthful soul growth Europe

a person to be in two places at the is now witnessing. Richard Wilhelm

same time. Thus in the case of a went to Shantung in the early days of

man condemned to die, one soul may the glorious German imperialistic exleave the body and witness in an obpansion. He must have surely arrived,

jective way, not only the preparations as all other Germans who went to the for the execution, but also the sad Orient in those days did, full of the anticipations of the condemned. Or spirit of world conquest. It was the

to take a less gruesome example, the German Kaiser who coined the phrase soul which may wander may leave the "the Yellow Peril"and caused Russia body and sit on a picture frame or an and France to accept the theory. It

electric light fixture and watch that was the German Kaiser who told his body at prayers! troops on their leaving to help relieve

the Allies in Peking during the Boxer Notice it the next time you atuprising, to show the Chinese whattempt to concentrate. Note how true the word "Hun"meant! It was inthe Chinese idea seems to be. One keeping with the German Chinese

part of you will always flit to some policy that the hateinviting inscripplace where it ought not to,beMr. tion was placed on the Von Ketteler

Wilhelm thinks he has seen "the soul monument in Peking. To Kaiser

of China in the course of evolution."shortsightedness may be charged much

He has, and it is a multipartite soul, of the wrong that was done China in like the Chinese, which he has witthe early part of the century. It is a

nessed. But he has seen more, for German who has seen German policies

the real soul which has been evolving fail who now writes, "It is not the has been Richard Wilhelm's. The doctrine which makes men great, but

book, except in its descriptions, is as it is man who makes the doctrines htb.. 19Z9 MUTUAL WORK 341

great.""Precisely for this reason it chants would soon discover that fact

seemed to me to be better to confine and force their countries to a modificamyself to a simple life in accordance tion in time. But the success of the

with Christian principles, to influence Nationalists has brought the issue them through work in school and sooner to the front. The unequal

hospital, to live together with people treaties are about to become matters of and become intimate with them."history.

"There are even today a number of Mr. Wilhelm went to Tsingtao, the

people who think themselves parGerman port in Shantung, in 1903 ticularly clever when they prophesy a The book recounts his experiences in new Boxer rising.". "The nightmare China during the last twentyfive

of the Yellow Peril belongs to the of mighty changes. The years,—years same realm.""The process of arrivincidents and travels recorded deal with

ing at an understanding may bring North China, Shantung, and Chihli many surprises with it, but an outprincipally, although Mr. Wilhelm

burst of the 'Fist for the Protection does mention trips to Shcusi and the of Public Peace'(Boxers) will not Yangtse. Thoroughly trained in the

occur again."There, indeed, is the Chinese spirit, he is conscious of the

evolution of a soul! force of the southern Chinese and the

started in The book, therefore, is important power of the reforms which to the student of Far Eastern Affairs. the South.

It gives us the presentday German Mr. Wilhelm shows us that China

angle of this generation's scattering of will not become Bolshevik despite the the /white man over the globe. Mr. fact that Bolshevist influence has been

Wilhelm is hardly exact when he imgreat in shaping modern events. No

plies that Germany and Russia have one who has known China's economic led in ridding China of her unequal history has feared Bolshevism's influtreaties. True, German and Russia ence in China. China has had two

were the first of the great treaty powthousand more years than has the ers to be without special treaty priviUnited States with a theory of private lege in China, but in neither case did property exactly the same as our own.

China's new status come as a gift It would be easier to make America from those two powers. China deBolshevik than China. The nationclared war on Germany which, of alist program is summed up for us in

course, meant a renunciation of the two sentences taken from the Chinese:

GermanChinese treaties. And as Bol- 1. "All those who are not Chinese

shevist Russia refused to assume the have no right to interfere in Chinese obligations of the Czarist Government, affairs."

she, of course, could not demand the 2. "All those who are Chinese have

privileges, therefore her softened policy a right to a voice in Chinese Affairs."toward China. Number one means the end of the

These facts, though, do not detract unilateral treaties and foreign special from the contribution to the new privilege. Number two means the reChina which Germany's and Russia's assertion of the principles of Chinese

new status gives. It has often Democracy. A restoration of the Conbeen pointed out that Russian and fucian and Mencian theories that GovGerman merchants, freed from the ernments properly exist only for the

restraint of their extraterritorial treaty sake of the people.

rights and privileges, would be better For four hundred years the white off under Chinese law and jurisdiction man has been spreading himself over than under their own, and that the the face of the world. At the present

American. British, and French mertime the Chinese are expanding as they

Feb.. 1929342 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have never expanded before. TwentyThe Gospel of Jesus Christ as

five million of them are moving south, taught by the Latterday Saints does west, and north. Mr. Wilhelm has that very thing. For in it, while inthis to say of the Chinese as colonists: dividual responsibility is stressed, it is

"The colonizing power of the Chinese the individual in his social and eternal is incredible. The stream of peasants relationships that counts. The "Morand merchants pushes its way irresistmon"religion binds the present to the

ibly towards the desert. If no serious future and the past as does Chinese

setback occurs, the Chinese advance ancestor worship. Add to Jesus'conis destined to open up wide stretches cept of the freed responsible individual

of the desert for cultivation. In such (as understood by Latterday Saints)

manifestations the great power can be the Confucian family state, and you seen which is innate in the Chinese will have the Kingdom of God as people, for they do not come like parathe "Mormons"see, it. Through

sites who fatten upon the wealth of "Mormon"social and religious (not others, but as colonists who turn the theological) philosophy, the "East and desert into tilled soil and make the West meet as mutually indispensable territory of robber chieftains into wellbrothers."Through the "Mormon"

ordered and welldirected districts for spirit the East and the West meet in human habitation."another way. There are old Taoist

Wilhelm calls our atThis is the ultimate answer to the prophecies—Mr.

say, "Beforepresent critical contest between China tention to them—which

and Japan in Manchuria, for every long, a new Kingdom upon the earth

Japanese who goes into Manchuria will begin. It will be different from

with a rifle or a machine gun, ten everything that has existed heretofore.

Chinese go with a plow. Manchuria It will encircle the whole world for

will remain Chinese! the first time and -not confine itself to

one half. The salvation which is to In the last paragraph of the book,

come is to come for all. It is toMr. Wilhelm sums up his thesis. "In

manifest itself in the love towardsthe process of severing itself from the ties of time and space, humanity needs men, also towards the lowly. He who

two things: the profound penetration is to bring it will be surrounded with

into its own subconsciousness until divine authority so that the people from depths upwards, the road to all will believe him without a struggle."

that is vital, which is experienced inCan a "Mormon"read that without tuitively in a mystic and unified vision wishing to know more about the Soul has become liberated. This is the posof China?

session of the East. On the other Mr. Wilhelm appreciates Chinese

hand, it needs the ultimate intensificacivilization and admires it. He

tion of the autonomous individual unis confident that it will outlive the til it has acquired the power to match present change. His grasp of Chinese

the whole pressure of the external history and literature shows itself on world. This is the possession of the every page. The book, therefore, will

West. Upon this ground, East and be liked more by those who through

West meet as mutually indispensable the study of the Chinese immortals brothers."already know the Soul of China.

In other words, the East needs the The student who is unfamiliar with

West's concept of the individual. And things Chinese will read The Soul of

the West needs the East's ability to China with greater profit after he has grasp the individual as a fraction of read some of the following books:

society instead of as an independent Ball, The Chinese at Home.

entity. Smith, Village Life in China.

Feb., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 343

Gowen, Outline History of China. day.

Thomas, Chinese Political The articles on Buddah and ConThought. fucius in the M. I. A. Manual,

Treat, The Far East. "The Champions of Liberty."

Williams, China Yesterday and To- (192728).

Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles

Selected by a Council of Librarians, December, 1928 "Lincoln, Lover,"Wilma Frances Can the results of prohibition be

Miner, in Atlantic Monthly. measured and set down in cold statisIt is an announcement of greatest tical terms? A scientific statement of

significance to lovers of Lincoln that what has happened (aside from the letters which he wrote to Ann politics) since 1920, by the Professor

Rutledge and she to him have at last of Public Health Administration at come to light and are in the possession Columbia University.

of Miss Miner, who reveals this ob- "Justice by Formula,"Julius Halscure episode of Lincoln's Life. heimer, in Century.

"TwentyFive Years of Flight,"A. An appeal by an expert lawyer for

M. Jacobs, in St. Nicholas. a new concept of punishment, based

recognition of the A history of the airplane, illustrated upon some sound by photographs and maps of the aircriminal propensities involved in the mail routes in the United States today, various classes of felonies.

with an introductory note by Harry "The Psychology of Prohibition."F. Guggenheim, president of the GugRaymond Pearl, in Americangenheim Fund for Promotion of Mercury.

Aeronautics. Why Prohibition? We desire ap-

"The Cost of Prosperity,"James parent morality, explains Dr. Pearl,

Truslow Adams, in Harper's but have no desire really to ban liquor.

Magazine. He produces figures proving that prois only to impress our neighWe boast loud and long of our hibition

"prosperity"and "high standard of bors, while we do as we please behind living;"but Mr. Adams shows why closed blinds.

he sees in this "high"standard little "The Meaning of the Kellogg Treaty,"but hardship for the middle, and Henry Cabot Lodge, in Harper's especially the professional, classes.

Magazine. first American"The Man of Science,"Edward M. The grandson of the

Best, in Scribner's. opponent of the Versailles Treaty

An eminent scientist discusses analyzes the correspondence which precharges that he and his colleagues are ceded the Kellogg treaty and sees in it high priests of a new cult, robbing good reasons for the Senate to hesitate men of spiritual and moral values. He to ratify.

goes behind the scenes to show what "Some Successful Parents,"Dorothythe scientist is driving at and what Dunbar Bromley, in Goodholds the researcher to his task.

Housekeeping.

"Prohibition and Public Health,"With brief consideration of the

Haven Emerson, M. D., in Surtheories of behaviorists, Freudians, and

vey Graphic. others, the author reviews in detail the

Feb.. 1"19344 IMPROVEMENT ERA

actual methods and results of parents O'Neil, Joyce, Dreiser, and their folwho have been conspicuously successlowers have been dredging the gutters ful in the difficult business of parentfor some time, says the author, and hood. asks: Are they looking for something?

He offers a provocative answer to his "The Gutter, and Then What?"own question.

ft. hy Harper B brothers. Granville Hicks, in Forum. Copyright 192

A Reunion in Every Family

Sociologists and philosophers are but most desirable to keep in sight of practically unanimous in regarding the them if possible.

home as the fundamental institution Through the heartwarming conof civilization, and the family as its tacts of a reunion, misunderstanding basic unit. Upon the strength and and disapproval sometimes vanish misolidarity of family relationships deraculously, and ties are firmly bound.

pend the strength and solidarity of The program will vary in different larger social institutions, and consefamilies, as talent does not manifest quently great emphasis must be placed itself uniformly. Music, dramatics,

upon jits importance. pantomime and tableaux, prognosticaThe conception held by Latterday tions, glimpses into future and past,

Saints regarding the family is perhaps and many other suggestions might one step beyond that of scholars and be used in preparing a program which educators who are not of our faith, will be of equal interest to adults and for we hold the family relationship to children. The following is suggestive:

be of eternal duration, hence of tremendous significance. Part I

In arousing people to a realization Part I should include the more formal of the importance of this matter, and features, such as:

the joy to be found in family coopera- tion and unity, it is quite certain that (a) Community Singing.

marriages,nothing would be more effective than (b) Family Statistics—Births,

a reunion in every family in the deaths.

Church, and to this end the Com- (c) Who's Who and Where. (Significant

munity Activity Committee has items concerning the whereabouts and adopted this as the project which they accomplishments of various family will sponsor and promote this year. members.)

The project of a family reunion is (d) Excerpts from old diaries or early based upon more than the mere desire family reminiscences.

for social relaxation. Underlying it ie) Report on progress of genealogical

is the need for deeper understanding, and temple work.

unity of purpose and finer appreciation <T) Roundtable discussion relative to a for all members of the family and their desirable project to be undertaken by ambitions and achievements. It is the family during the coming year.

easy to lose sight of the paths our Twominute talks on subjects such more distant loved ones are treading as:

Feb.. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 145

"My proudest moments as a—(i) Music should be interspersed through-

(Brown)."out the program.

"Why I married (Brown)."a—

Given by Inlaws. Part II

What I loved most in Grandfather."

its nature "What I loved most in GrandPart II should be informal in and include such things as: mother."

"Looking backward and forward."(a) Refreshments.

(Courtship and social customs of (b) Anecdotes.

the past, present and future.) (c) Games (for adults and children).

"What I hope to contribute to the (d) Dancing.

(Brown) name."

(h) Dramatizations or tableaux repreIt is hoped that the Community senting pictures from the past: Activity Committee in every ward will

"Grandfather's conversion."put forth every possible effort to carry

"Entering the valley."this project forward, and jn doing so

"Their first home."realize the joy which comes as a result

"Bones from the family skeleton,"of endeavoring to increase the joy of etc. others.

M MenGleaner Notes Joint Project: We Shall Promote the Cultural and Aesthetic Value of the Dance.

Questionnaire Stake authorities, please send answers from one representative ward.

On February 19, the date on which They may be included with the secrethe Gleaner girls are answering a tary's February efficiency report!

questionnaire on the work during the year, it is desired that the M Men and Slogan Cooperation

Gleaners both answer by individual ballot the following questions on their What have you done to promote joint work: the slogan in your class?

1 Have you enjoyed the joint meetAre the traffic violations in our ings of M MenGleaners this year? communities due to ignorance of law

2. Have your lessons on Etiquette or to defiance?

.and Fellowship been theoretical only Do all the M Men and Gleaners

or have they also been practical? who drive automobiles understand

3. Have you had the privilege of thoroughly the rules and laws govtaking active part in the demonstraerning the road and traffic?

tions, debating or discussions? To make the slogan more effective

4. What improvement would you in the lives of the M Men and Gleansuggest in the program of these meeters it is suggested that an evening be

ings for next year? spent in studying traffic laws, pro-

5. Would you prefer to have more hibition laws, and others which are

than one conjoint night a month? commonly disregarded.

Feb., 1929346 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Quality of Tone LESSON II By Prof. Edward P. Kimball

While correct tone placement, prinon the breastbone, are the sixth ciples of resonance, proper breathing, and lower ribs, finally connected by etc., cannot be taught by mere descriptwo large masses of muscle to the

tion, still a consideration of some of backbone. When the lungs contain

these fundamentals will be helpful, but little air, the diaphragm resembles and may serve to spur others on toan inverted basin, higher in the front ward the study of the subject. than in the back. When a breath is

All authorities agree that good singdrawn it contracts, and, becoming ing rests upon proper breathing. The flatter, descends upon the organs unrevered Pachiarotti said, "He who derneath, so that considerable abdoknows how to breathe knows how to minal expansion is felt. The airtight

sing."The eminent William Shakescompartment is enlarged, and air is

peare of London observes that "the drawn from without to fill the intwo factors in perfect voice production creased space. As the lungs are filled,

are (1) freedom of the instrument, they descend with the diaphragm, and and (2) control of the breath preswe experience a "deep breath."The

sure."Details of breathing and singer must increase the supply of

breathcontrol are so much matters of breath beyond what is required even controversy that it would require great in deep breathing, which he does by space to set forth all contentions. expanding the ribs. In all breathing,

Authorities agree, however, on a numboth in singing and in breathing exber of things which are here enumerercises as such, the shoulders should ated. The full lungs should be used be kept in their normal position.

in breathing, instead of merely the Not only must the singers provide upper portion. The body should be as large a supply of air as is possible,

erect, with chest up. the shoulders held but all of it should be used in the

still, and Tetrazinni reminds us that tone, and this for two reasons: first,

all acts of breathing should be as that the breath may not be wasted, natural as possible. This does not and second, that the purity of the tone

imply that the breathing capacity canmay not be marred by escaping breath not and should not be developed by not vocalized, "breathiness.""The

practice, but, to the contrary, developsecret of expressive singing is absolutement here is possible, just as in any ly steady tone combined with a perfect other organ. legato, and neither of these desirable

The chest is like a coneshaped box, things can be achieved without perfect with the small end upwards; the back breath control; this matter applies to

being the spinal column; the top, the choral singing as forcefully as it does

base of the neck; the front, the breastto solo work."

bone; the sides, the ribs, most of them The quality and carrying power ofconnected to the breastbone; the base the voice depend more upon the use

is the diaphragm, a large muscular made of the resonance cavities of the membrane. This is the airtight comhead than upon the violence with

partment which holds the breath, all which the vocal chords vibrate. Muof which must make its exit through sical instruments define their tone

the windpipe. The diaphragm is supupon at least three things: the vibratported by a mass of fibers extending ing body, the force which sets the

downward and forward; attached body in vibration, and the reinforcing

to the body in front near the soft place medium of the tone thus produced (the

Feb.. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 347

soundboard of the piano, the body of In support of the assertion that the the string instrument, the tube of a employment of varying timbres, or brass instrument, etc.) In the voice, "colors,"is essential, let us consider

as with other instruments, the quality some thoughts on the subject as exof tone depends upon the disposition pressed by Garcia: "Expression is the

of the parts of the "resonator,"greatest law of all art * * * The through which the breath must pass human voice, deprived of expression, is after it has set the vocal chords in the least interesting of all instruments."

palate, tongue, jaw, (The Art of Singing). "Timbres arevibration—throat,

cavities of the mouth, nose, and, in one of the chief features of a true sentifact, the whole head to some extent. ment; the choice of them cannot be

Some things which regulate tone are neglected without committing abplacement, keeping the tongue down, surdities."Another writer, H. S.

proper use of the nose as a resonator, Kirkland, Expression in Singing, conproper focusing of the tone against tinues the statement of Garcia:

the roof of the mouth, opening the "Knowing as we do that the very mouth at just the right distance, formnature of feeling is to change, it is an ing the lips the correct way, etc. absurdity to suppose that concepts of

widely contrasted emotional states, Tonequality, or "timbre,"to use a such as are frequently indicated in song technical term, has a large part in the interpretation of all music, though less texts, can be communicated through important than either tempo or the use of uniform tonecolor * * * stopped clock points the time acdynamics. But there are many passages A

in choral music which demand varying curately twice a day, but such accuracy timbre in order to make it most efis purely accidental. Similarly, an

fective. unvarying color, when the idea chances

to agree with it, may for the moment

To quote Gehrken: be fitting or expressive, but a coin-

"There are many passages in both cidence of this kind is undesigned on choral and orchestral music in which the part of the singer, who, therefore, the essential significance depends abdeserves no more credit for expressivesolutely upon beauty or highness or ness than the stopped clock for acplaintiveness or boldness of tone; and curacy. From this it is easy to unespecially in choral music it is possible derstand Garcia when he says: 'Con

for the conductor to induce his chorus tradictory use of timbres explains why to bring out many more effects than is sounds that please in certain expres- a singusually done. A positively ugly and sions, displease in others,—why

raspy vocal tone may convey a certain er who never varies his voice gives dramatic effect that no mere variation only certain passages with truthfulin dynamics is able to bring about."ness.'

Diction LESSON III The two elements in all pronunciathe consonants; if these are not clearly

tion of words are the proper values articulated, the sense of the words will which are given to the enunciation of be entirely lost. In the discussion of

vowels, and the articulation of convowels we can do no better than consonants. One authority, Adcock, sider the subject as it was elucidated

says: "Quality of tone depends on the recently by Anthony C. Lund, divowels; but distinct utterance, upon rector of the Tabernacle choir, and a

Feb.. 1920348 IMPROVEMENT ERA

member of the Church Music Comlowered jaw, often does not work inmittee. These are his views: dependently of the jaw, which should

"In a number of languages vowel hang low and limplike.

(vokale) is the word upon which "The colors of tone, covered and vocalization is built. Then the scheme open, arise from the fact that the lips

of learning to sing is described as act in two ways. In the covered tone

vowelmaking or vocalizing. the lips protrude somewhat, elongat-

"It is very true that intonation alone ing the passage way. The result is

will not give vocal work a good fingreater earnestness and sympathy and ished effect. I heard some Armenian greater solemnity in the tone.

Saints sing several of our hymns in "Lips away, teeth exposed and a fairly good time, but the vocalization lightsome beautiful tone results. Good

was absolutely missing. A vowel! for descriptive work in lighter vein,

Yes, the most intensely human thing but lacking in depth or seriousness.

in the world. Every means known to Timbre and sentiment must agree.

physics in the university laboratories "Every vocal tone must begin inof the world have been exhausted to stantly true in pitch, instantly pure in find a variable spacing that would the vowel, and the mouth spacing shape as a human mouth primary maintained to the end of the tone.

vowels. Never a bit of success has Consonants, which are interruptions of

been met with. A tone given out by the stream of tone or vowel, must be

the voice is first a vibration of the grouped and determinedly used as larynx. The vocal bands have their stroke material at the beginning of the

edges assist the flow of breath just tone. Our Italian friends get from

enough to produce the vibration retheir very language and its vowels a quired. tendency for their mouth to fly open

"This vibration is augmented and and remain so. Our language and

beautified by the cavities and spaces vowels have a tendency for the mouth and surface in the bony structure of to fly open and shut.

the face. "Artists, like late David Dispham,

"These resonances must be cohave shown that our language, properordinated, and balanced so that the ly given, lacks nothing of the supreme tubular spaces in the nose are present color which tints that most emotional but not obviously so, the enclosed of all things vowel."human—a

chest spaces giving its proper share of "All consonants form more or less resonance. The arched roof of the of an obstruction or interruption to

mouth, the pharynx and the cuplike the vocal sound; but as the interspace just above the vocal bands, and ruption is a natural one, and as disthe large spaces behind the nose, and tinction of utterance depends on that

the molar and sinus spaces all coninterruption, the singer should not attribute to the augmentation and baltempt to shirk it, or lessen the value ance of tone. More than this the well of the consonant on the ground that

defined primary and secondary vowels the vocal sound will be improved are the direct result of the mouth, in thereby. On the contrary, the full

various forms or spacings. "I"is an value must be given to articulate

uptongue vowel; "o"is a lowtongue sound, and the necessary time for its

vowel; "e"is an uptongue vowel, and completion must be allowed, or the

"a"is a lowtongue vowel. result will be most unsatisfactory."

"The lowtongue is often inclined (Clara Kathleen Rogers.) And Garcia:

to draw back and spoil the spacing "Expression depends greatly on the at the back of the mouth. The upweight and strength given to articulatongue instead of raising itself with a tion. Consonants express the force of

Feb.. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 349

a sentiment, just as vowels express its also divided into two classes: aspirates,

nature. We are always impressed by made only with the breath: vocals,

words strongly accentuated, because which have some voice sound. Here

they appear to be dictated by some much help can be given if a competent acute passion."vocalist can be secured to give a pracIt is customary to think of a contical demonstration. In order to point

sonant as merely a letter of the althe way around some faults, and show phabet, and, in speaking, to give it a some dangers likely to be met in the name which usually consists of the use of consonants, the following list consonant itself plus a vowel. If we from A. M. Bell is presented in coneliminate the vowel sound, the remainclusion:

ing consonant proves to be a more or "Make clean our hearts"often less disagreeable sound, the result of a sounds "Make lean our hearts."

partial or a complete interruption to "Can the African change his skin?"

voice or to the breath: in this sense often sounds "Can the African chain

the consonant should be understood. his kin?"

It is helpful to locate the principal "Or the leopard his spots?"often

points at which these obstructions ocsounds "Or the leopard his pots?"

cur. A simple classification might be "The cold ground"often sounds

the following: first, at the lips, as P. "The coal ground."

B. M. W.; second, at the tip of the "An ever better way"often sounds

tongue and the hard palate or the "A never better way."

, J. T, "An ice drop"often sounds "A niceupper front teeth, as G (soft)

D, L, S, R, Z, N; third, at the base drop."

of the tongue and the soft palate, as "A sad dangler"often sounds "A in Q. K. X, G. (hard). Being a classisad angler."

fication by place, these groups may be "Chaste stars"often sounds "Chase distinguished as labials, pinquals, and tars."

palatals. According to the way in "Pain nobody"often sounds "Pay

which they are made, consonants are nobody."Etc.

Maintenance of Pitch LESSON IV There is no greater sin to be comfaults enumerated below. When one

mitted in vocal performance than voice leaves the pitch the other voices, wandering from pitch. It is looked especially if they belong to persons

upon as inexcusable in any singer and with keen ears, will at once begin to will have much to do with eliminating adapt themselves to the new pitch, and a contestant who is guilty of it. Invery soon the whole group will bt.

experienced singers may not be aware singing in a new key. Every quartet

that they leave the pitch, so the first ought to watch very carefully for a cure for it is to test the pitch at the voice that has a tendency to leave the end of a certain part with the instrupitch, and if one be found every posment which has been used to give the sible remedy should be used to correct pitch in the first place. Usually it is it: but when it is impossible to keep it

not all the voices in the quartette that on pitch it should be eliminated from will wander simultaneously from the group, because the rendition will pitch. The offender will generally be always suffer where this fault is left

an important or predominating voice uncorrected in one or more voices.

possessed of a less perfect ear or comMost commonly singers will sing mitting one or more of the common flat: more rarely, sharp, due in large

Feb.. 1929350 IMPROVEMENT ERA

part to nervousness, especially in the that is out of tune.

tenor. The causes for offkey singing f. Forcing the tone.

may be defined as follows: g. Dragging and logginess in rendi-

a. Improper tone production. tion.

b. Too much chest in the tone. The remedy, either in groups or in-

c. A faulty ear. dividually, will be to drill and train

d. Improperly developed ear. in the opposite direction from the

e. Practicing with an instrument practice that is causing the deficiency.

Boy Scout World Jamboree By Oscar A. Kirkham

Thirty thousand Boy Scouts from Who May Go forty to fifty nations of the world will

Leaders. come together this summer, July 31 1. All leaders of troops or septo August 13, 1929, at Arrowe Park, arate patrols shall be registered Scout

Birkenhead, near Liverpool, England, officials with a satisfactory record in to celebrate the 21st Birthday of ScoutScouting for one full year or moreing under the leadership of Sir Robert before date of issuance of JamboreeS. S. BadenPowell. A thousand or credentials, including successful expemore Scouts will go from the United rience in camping and hiking.States. How many Latterday Saint

boys will attend this great gathering? 2. Each leader must give a satisfactory health record on blanks to be

1. The objectives of this trip shall be furnished, and submit to required

medical examination to establish fourfold:

physical fitness, and to such innoculafa) To observe the methods and tions as may be specified in the applicaprograms of Scouts of other tion blank.

nations. 3. Each adult leader must have had (b) To display as nearly as possisuccessful experience as a leader in

ble the normal Troop and camping and hiking. Patrol activities of the Boy

Scouts of America. Scouts.

(c) To stimulate, both through 1. Only registered Scouts, in good

preparation for and reports of standing and who have been active the Jamboree, a wider intermembers for at least one year previous est in Scouting according to to May 1, 1929, and who have allbest approved methods, and round camping and Scouting expewith the highest type of leadrience as outlined in the Camping ership. Merit Badge Requirements, will be

(d) To foster the spirit of brothereligible as members of a patrol or hood and friendliness among troop.

the boys of the world. 2- An approved medical examine

Feb., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 351

tion showing physical fitness will be Boat, New YorkEngland and required, certified on blank to be furReturn. 225.00

nished, including successful innocula- (Tourist U. S. Lines. This

tions as specified. may be reduced about $50.)

3. Record of Scoutlike conduct, Rations at Jamboree Camp.. 10.50

good sportsmanship and normal reReserve and Overhead of Jamsponse to leadership will be required. boree Delegation 25.00

Equipment. $446.45

1 The regulation Scout uniform Incidentals and spending as prescribed for the Jamboree will be money 53.55

worn by all Scouts and leaders at all times from home to home. Total approximate cost $500.00

2. Suitable camping and traveling

equipment will be required, according We have received word already that to standards prescribed, to pass rigid a possible delegation of Boy Scouts inspection by representatives of the affiliated with the Latterday Saint

Jamboree Committee. Church will be at the Jamboree from

3. Insignia, pennants, and regalia Germany. There still remains pracworn or displayed en route must be tically seven months before this great

approved and in keeping with the event. With careful planning, thrift,

spirit and purposes of the occasion. and enterprise, a Scout may be able

to earn and save almost the amount

Expense. necessary to make this wonderful trip,

The following items are given only and enjoy the fellowship of these as a guide as to possible expense: thirty thousand Scouts from all parts

Railroad Lake of the world. Rate—Salt

New York and Return.....$ 135.95 Many Boy Scout Councils are pre-

(Summer Excursion Rates) paring plans whereby one or more

Sleeper, Salt Lake, New York boys may be sent as official delegates and Return (Two in Lowof their Council. Many parents who

er) 25.00 can afford this amount, and who have

Meals, Salt Lake, New York qualified Scouts in their families, wil!

and Return 25.00 also welcome this opportunity.

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, December, 1928

DO 00 uo S 01uq c S9CO 0) qo c01 q o. a s c a -acrtOl "S

'o STAKE OS 11 a, bo N to 01 < 1 s SSE < C 2J55

DO s eo Sqq.S rtU a ac3 3 o o s >< 00 a Oh

Bear River 5 8 5 15 6 4 5 n 6 6 71

Beaver 7 12 4 12 6 10 10 12 4 7 84

Box Elder 20 15 11 13 18 10 11 24 10 10 142

Cache.. 15 21 8 17 14 9 8 24 11 6 133

Cottonwood 4 17 12 12 18 10 14 28 6 17 138

Deseret... 9 13 15 11 11 8 7 22 7 8 111

Ensign 18 19 11 13 16 10 10 28 6 3 134

Granite 11 13 6 12 12 7 12 16 4 1 94

Feb.. 1920352 IMPROVEMENT ERA

DO C o DO c QO 2* T3C E.i 15

Ui W STAKE 3 J3 S s DO u >-CO c.a Iou E "9c.5S c3 3 a E PU CO—a on O Jh

Grant.... 10 12 6 7 10 10 15 2 8

Gunnison 12 18 11 12 20 9 10 40 9 10

Hyrum 10 9 6 14 10 4 4 14 7 6 1 3 20 5 7Kolob 15 17 10 10 10

Logan., 10 12 10 9 12 8 10 12 6 5

Nebo. 9 11 7 7 7 7 7 15 4 7

North Davis 8 15 7 11 13 7 11 22 5 11

Ogden - 7 7 5 5 7 5 5 17 3 5 Oquirrh 16 17 12 11 15 10 11 22 4 8

Salt Lake 16 18 9 12 17 9 9 21 6 7

Sevier 5 21 13 15 20 10 10 32 7 7

South Davis 19 20 14 14 '20 10 23 34 7 20

South Sanpete 6 10 5 4 6 4 3 13 1

South Sevier 9 7 8 6 8 5 9 3 6

Timpanogos 12 17 16 12 8 10 22 23 21

Uintah 4 4 9 4 14 5 3 Weber 13 16 8 14 12 10 13 21 5 9

Blaine.. 6 4 4 14 3 10 6 3 1

16 13 10 10 20 10 12 15 8 8Cassia—

Franklin - 14 15 13 13 12 9 8 20 17 16

Fremont 16 18 13 13 17 10 12 26 11 8

Idaho 8 18 15 12 5 10 10 22 10 10

Idaho Falls.... 9 13 9 15 12 10 4 14 10 11

Lost River 14 11 11 7 10 15 10 7 17

Minidoka. 8 9 6 7 4 5 16 4 6

Oneida 8 12 18 9 7 8 14 10 8 Portneuf 3 10 7 11 9 5 3 13 11 8

Shelley -. 9 9 6 11 4 6 3 13 4 6

Teton 6 10 8 2 10 7 3 10 8 Twin Falls 10 9 8 8 6 12 | 6 6

Yellowstone 7 12 9 11 7 7 13 | 10

Big Horn 10 11 5 15 5 2 5 4 I 3

Star Valley 4 7 5 11 5 4 2 7 ] 3

Moapa 7 12 11 6 10 6 5 9 1 21 23

Hollywood 12 15 14 13 10 9 12 16 | 8 13

Los Angeles 13 15 13 11. 13 8 15 26 | 10 14

San Francisco 16 14 12 16 19 10 18 21 | 22 14

Taylor 10 14 10 12 10 7 8 22 | 11 7

Woodruff 15 18 7 15 10 8 3 11 1 8 12

Central States Mission.-. 8 5 18 16 4 4 5 1 2 8

Northwestern States Mis. 18 14 15 15 15 10 10 19 | 15 23

s

For a number of years the Era has and a small part of Sugar House had a department conducted under wards. Charles R. Snelgrove, Jr., was

the head of "Passing Events."The made bishop with Fred J. Ball and

items appearing therein have been preHuron R. Free as counselors. In the

pared by Elder J. M. Sjodahl, who has reorganization of Forest Dale, George

done this work, as he does all work S. ', Spencer was made bishop, with

assigned to him, in a most efficient Eugene M. Cannon and Arthur T.

manner. However, the changes which Burton as counselors. A. Frank

modern times are introducing into our Barnes, Jr., Daniel H. Vincent and

communities, the wide distribution of David W. Evans make up the new

newspapers, weekly magazines and the bishopric of the Richards ward.

use of the radio, bring into practically * * * every family the current news of the President James H. Moyle was reday before our readers can possibly recently appointed as successor to Presceive it through the Era. ident Henry H. Rolapp of the Eastern

It has been decided, therefore, to States mission. He was accompanied

field by Elder Richard R.abandon this department and institute to his new

in its place a page to be called Church Lyman, of the Council of the Twelve,

Events. This will contain informaand assumed the responsibilities of his

tion, in a condensed form, which readnew calling. In his young manhood

filled a mission to theers of this magazine are not so likely President Moyle to hear over the radio, nor even to see Southern States.

in the daily papers. The aim will be,

Effective on January 1, 1929, theof course, to print items which will be of general and not merely local inEastcentral States mission is added To terest. But local officers are invited to our already rather lengthy list.

form this new unit. West Virginia isto send in news of important events

which occur in their fields, and as far taken from the Eastern States mission as possible these will be printed. and Virginia, North Carolina, Ten-

* * * nessee and Kentucky from the Southern States mission. President Miles

During 1928, the first regular mis- L. Jones is placed at the head of the

sionaries of our Church began prosnew field and will have headquarters elyting in Alaska, having been sent in Louisville, Kentucky. The transfer

there by President W. R. Sloan, of the of affairs and the installation of PresNorthwestern States mission. President Jones was effected by Elder

ident Heber J. Meeks of the Kanab Stephen L. Richards, of the Council

stake, who was serving as a shortterm of the Twelve. This makes twentymissionary in the northwest, led the eight organized missions in the

expedition, and several baptisms reChurch, counting the Armenian which sulted from their efforts. has no president at the present time,

* * * owing to the sudden death of PresOn the eve of the new year, the ident Joseph Wilford Booth. There

Lincoln ward was organized in the are 101 stakes in the Church and

Granite stake. It comprises what was 1012 wards and independent branches.

formerly the south part of the RichThis of course does not include ards, the north part of Forest Dale branches in the missions.

354 IMPROVEMENT ERA Feb.. 1929

I. Paulson Elder Don Mack Dalton, accomKasteler as bishop and Paul

panied by his wife and child, left Salt and Verne Mackay as counselors.

Lake recently for the South African * * * mission, where he has been called to President A. William Lund, recentpreside. He will relieve President ly appointed to preside over the British

Samuel Martin. This will be Presmission, has opened headquarters in

ident Dalton's third mission. His first the city of Birmingham. Durham

was to the Central States and his secHouse, at 295 Edge Lane, Liverpool, ond, a shortterm, to the Eastern will still be headquarters of the

States. Since 1923, he has served as European mission. This change will

counselor to Bishop George A. Soderrelieve President John A. Widtsoe of

borg in the Burton ward of the Grant details pertaining to the work in the stake. Since his departure the bishBritish Isles, enabling him to devote

opric has been reorganized with Alma more time to continental fields.

The Personality of God minister, walking down a street in London, met a boy re- A sectarian turning home from Sunday School. Putting his hand on the boy's head, the

minister said, "I presume, my boy,you have been to Sunday School?"

"Yes, sir."

"Do you like to go to Sunday School?"

"Yes, sir."

"You learn many good things there."

"Yes, sir."

"You learn about God and his wonderful works."

"Yes, sir."

"Where is God, my little man?"

"He is in heaven, sir."

"That is true, God is in heaven; but he is also everywhere; he fills the

whole universe."

The boy looked up in astonishment and asked: "Is God here?"pointing

to the place where they stood.

"He is.""Is he behind that stone wall?"

"He is.""Could he come through that stone wall?"

"He could."

"Could he go from here to yonder?"

"Yes, he could go from here to yonder."

"Then you are mistaken,"said the boy, "for if God were everywhere, there would be nowhere for him to go to."W. A. Morton.

It is a plain old book, modest as nature itself, and as simple, too; a book

of an unpretending workday appearance, like the sun that warms or the bread that nourishes us.

A book that looks on us as truthfully and benignantly as the old grandmother who, with tremulous lips and glasses on her nose, reads it every day.

And the name of this book is Bible.—Heme, simply—the

MOTORREG U.S. PAT Of r OIL

This tried and tested oil stands up under extreme engine heat—saves gasoline and reduces friction to a minimum.

Use only Conoco Motor Oil and you will be sure of Extra

Life For Your Car. Conoco specializes in keeping motors

young

You may crack, you may break the old South, if you will; but a few

million Democrats live in it still. Pickerill Service. *****

"Do you notice any change in me?"

"No, why?""I've just swallowed a nickel."Exchange. *****

A lady put on a new gown to go to a dinner dance, and she entered her husband's dressing room, pirouetted before him like a circus girl, and said:

"This is my new gown. dear. Isn't it becoming?"

"It may be coming,"remarked her husband, "but I'm here to say a lot of it hasn't arrived yet."Boston Transcript.

When You Think of INSURANCE think of

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.

Organized 1886 Assets Over Two Million Dollars

Agent9 in All Western Towns SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Heber J. Grant, President Geo. J. Cannon, VicePrest, and Manager

Buy and Read "REDEMPTION"By OCTAVE F. URSENBACH

A Comprehensive Fortyeight Page

Epic of the Divine Tragedy, in which is

Beautifully Disclosed the Creating, PeoWe Specialize in making up pling and Redeeming of the Earth with its Ultimate Place in the Roll Call of Stage Curtains and

Other Redeemed and Celestialized

Worlds. Draperies

Modern and up to the Minute. PRICE FIFTY CENTS POSTPAID

Our work shop is equipped with the very

latest appliances.

Call at Z. G. M. I. Order from

Drapery Department OCTAVE F. URSENBACH Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

211 West 75th Street FREE OF CHARGE Los Angeles, California

"Three subway trains, one after another, ran over George Hicks of Ozone

Park, this morning, and were practically uninjured."Chicago Paper.

Paula: "Pansy won a loving cup last night."

Paul: "Oh! I didn lt know they gave prizes for that. -The Pathfinder

"So your name is George Washington?"mused the old lady.

"Yessum,"replied the small colored boy.

"I'm sure you try hard to be like him, don't you?"

"Lak who?""Why George Washington, of course."

"Ah kaint help bein'lak Jahge Washington, 'cause dat's who I is."

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. 33 WEST BROADWAY

COSTUMES. One of the main parts of every show

The essential of every masquerade

MASKS. A little diversion is good for the best of men.

PLAY BOOKS. Thousands to select from. The largest and the best list.

TOUPEES. The greatest factor to bring back your youthful appearance. Evening

Gowns, Wedding Dresses, Evening Suits, Silk Hats. Everything suitable for the

most select social affairs. We save you money.

Send to us for anything you need to make your leisure more pleasant.

Catalog free.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

P. O. BOX 998 WASATCH 999

IVHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LETS GO TO KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat"

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments—MISSIONARIES

or Full Delicious Box Course Dinners Lunches for the train foods—Homelike up to your order. prepared by—put

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

CO. KEELEY ICE - CREAM 55 So.Mai/1'160 SaMain 160 Sa State 'MUgis Qwdj/Dept.

5 Popular Stores

"Were you fired with enthusiasm when you tackled your first job after leaving college?"

"Was I? I never in my life saw a man so glad to get rid of me."The

Monitor.

Lot's wife, it is said, looked back and turned into a pillar of salt, and wr know a fellow who looked back and turned into a telephone pole. The

Monitor.

Elevator Man: "Jimmie, your face is dirty."

Jimmie: "What's it to you? You ain't my dad."

Elevator Man: "No, but I'm bringing you up."Exchange.

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL

"Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches'

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the bigbest claaa of advertising;. We recommend to our

readers the firms and goods found In onr advertising paces

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Continental Oil Co. L. D. S. Business College

DaynesBeebe Music Co. Salt Lake Costume Co.

Deseret Book Store Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret News Troy Laundry Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Jensens Jewelers Utah Power & Light Co. Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Zlon's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

A Maiden's Prayer: "Dear Lord, I ask nothing for myself! Only give

mother a sonin-law."Exchange.

V T *P *t* *P "I hear Grauss and Myer are looking for a new cashier. Is it true? They

engaged a new one only a month ago."

"That's the one they're looking for."Good Hardware.

if: % 'fr *

Employer: "Late again, Smith."

Clerk: "I'm sorry, sir, but last night my wife presented me with a boy."

Employer: "She'd have done better to present you with an alarm clock."

Clerk: "I rather fancy she has, sir."Passing Show.

Clear Clear Skin—A Head—A

And a Quick Step

A clear skin free from all blemish, a bright and vigorous outlook on life these are the outward signs of inward health.

But inward health is achieved by inward purity. Therefore the grocer who sells

Fleischmann's Yeast to his customers is not merely making a profit for himself.

He is doing them a real service that deserves, and usually gets, their appreciation and regular patronage.

For Fleischmann's Yeast gives to the intestines strength and stimulus to perform their functions properly. It is not a habitforming laxative. It does not do the

work for the intestines. It merely strengthens them and enables them to act

themselves unaided. Start eating three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Physical Nourishis Necessary—ment

But Not More So Than Mental Food

Every home should have a library containing books for each member of the family.

"The Glory of God is Intelligence,"said His Prophet.

Seek knowledge as well as pleasure out of good books.

LET US HELP YOU SELECT YOUR LIBRARY

Deseret Book Company 44 East On South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 125 NORTH MAIN STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town'* UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

H HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA | E PHKA M WHITE

i w lla'.ki: uy

SEND IT TO THE=*=

LvVXJ>T13 319 South Main Street Telephone

Salt Lake City Distinctive Work Hyland 190

An Overall with a Classy Appearance MOUNTAINEER EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS GUARANTEED FOR QUALITY FIT. AND SERVICE

A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Clerk, the Flour Mill

Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage Man, the Teamster

None Too

Large None Too Small

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would

Tour income to continue even though accident or illness should suddenly snatch you away or render you unfit for work. An income for your wife—a college education for your children. The ownership of your home in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realized if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Poilcy is the Key to Success Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

HEBBR J. GRANT. President E. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHBN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA