.::.:'. '

For a PROFITABLE and ENJOYABLE summer

ATTEND BYU

SUMMER SCHOOL

Gain a full summer of studySPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES

FOR YOU AT BYU with all the BYU advantages

Youth Clinic, June 1526 Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Genealogy Clinic, Aug. 3-8

Early Summer Extension, June 1-13 Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

Late Summer Extension, Aug. 24—Sept. 5 fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Modern Dance Workshop, June 1-13 Culture—Summerlong series of concerts brings the finest artists

Summer Music Clinic, July 27—Aug. 8 of music, drama and dance to the BYU campus.

Children's Arts and Crafts, June 22—July 10 Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics, and the

High School Publications Wokshop, nearby scenic Wasatch Mountains provide recreational outlets.

Aug. 1014 The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of a lifetime.

for Elementary Workshop School Principals, Semester Credit—Semester rather than quarter credit. $24 for first

Supervisors, June 1519 credit hour, $7 for each additional hour. semester

Athletic Clinic for Boys, June 1-12

Advancement in Opportunities—Many finish college students now

Education Week, June 8-11 less than four years by taking advantage School. of Summer

Planning for Indian Leaders, Aug. 2729 Teachers will find many special helps for certification and outEconomic Workshop standing workshops and clinics for advancement.

Management Conference, June 1-5 Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern campus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

CLIP AND MAIL REMEMBER THESE DATES:

TO: Director of Summer School. 1st Term June 15 July* 17...Brigham vYoung University,f PProvo, 1UUtah

Please send me free of charge your Summer School Catalog. JkUU IGflTi—- JUly J.U - MU0, T#

NAME Brigham Young ADDRESS UNIVERSITY I am especially interested in: PROVOUTAH

You get

Exploring the Universe By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. more at State Savings

'CLIMATE CHAMBER'CONFIRMS IllOrG SftJGty from state 's higher

EXPERIENCES reserves... 45% higher than the national

Medical writings since the time of average... and sound management, plus

Hippocrates (around 400 BC) have contained references to the effect of savings insured to $10,000 by the Federalweather on human diseases, espeSavings and Loan Insurance Corporation—

arthritis cially and rheumatism. The a permanent agency of the United States Hospital of PennsylvaniaUniversity

had constructed a "climate chamber"Government.

in which two patients could live under controlled barometric and humidity conditions. Results have

yearconfirmed popular experience that a more earningSwith4/2% Per fallingrising humidity and barocurrently, compounded semiannually.

fairly consistently pressuremetric exert an unpleasant effect on arthritic symptoms and signs. It was

further found that it was the changing conditions rather than high husavings,midity or low barometric pressure Ill01 \j bGrVlGub including which were responsible. Christmas Club accounts, homeimprovement

loans, home mortgage loans, travelers'checks, OCEAN NUMBERS free parking.

Some of the numbers associated with given the have been by ocean Dr. Open your account now in person or by mail. British of the NaCarruthers N. J.

tional Institute of Oceanography in

The Vickers Magazine. The surface

of the earth is covered by oceans 70.8 percent, containing 330 million

cubic miles of water with an average depth of 12,470 feet. The volume of land above average sea level Aim m "m

is about 1/11 the bulk of the oceans.A cubic mile of seawater contains Tafe

about 117 million tons of salt, 6 million of magnesium, 283,000 tons 'fcV/ UltTV \% of bromine, 192 tons of iodine and 550 tons of copper, with only 3 tons win INSURED of gold. The total evaporation from AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

seawater averages about 40 inches a year, but in the Red Sea about 12 Six offices to serve you:

feet a year. The rivers of the world

6,500 cubic about contributed OFFICE: OFFICE: miles HOME WAHIAWA

56 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah dissolved containing Oahu, Hawaii fresh water of Wahiawa.

and suspended material of 2.7 to 5 CLEARFIELD75 South State,OFFICE:Clearfield, Utah KANEOHEKaneohe, Oahu,OFFICE:Hawaii

billion tons each year. HAWAIIAN DIVISION MAIN OFFICE WAIPAHU OFFICE:

King and Bishop Streets, Honolulu, Hawaii Waipahu. Oahu, Hawaii

APRIL 5964 241 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for April 1964 Volume 67. Number 4

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "The Greatest Trust—the Greatest Joy,"

President David O. McKay.... 252 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Your Question: "The Question of Forgiveness of Sin,"Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

President Joseph Fielding Smith 254 255252 Photo:Art: HoffmannRalph Clark

256 Photo: H. Armstrong Roberts

The Church Moves On, 250; Melchizedek Priesthood, 308; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 310. 260259 Art:Art: RonaldMartha PufdyWilkinson

263 Photo: Ernst Wittke

264 Art: Gustave Schaner

Special Features 272268269Sculpture:Art: GeraldBertel G.ThorvaldsenPurdy

276277 Art: Siegfried Widmar, Norman

The Church at the New York World's Fair, Bernard P. Brockbank 279 279 PriceArchitecture: Fordyce and Hamby

Associates Historical America Map, in color—276277 Photo: Jay Hoops Studios

Color Photographs of the World's Fair 280, 281, 288, 289 285284 Photo:Photo: JayLorinHoopsWigginsStudios

Bertel Thorvaldsen: Creator of The Christus, Luise Sheridan 272 286 U.P.I.Photos: Top, Unknown; Bottom,

John Is Inactive... Why?, Wilford D. Lee.256 308309Photo:Art:H. DaleArmstrongKilboumRoberts

310 Photo: Ted Osborne

Stand Up and Be Counted, Alvin B. Dyer 260 315313314Art: Photos:Ed MaryonErnst Wittke

Learning, an Endless Process, Harvey L. Taylor 262 321 toKilboum335 Art: Ed Maryon, Dale

Pioneer Interest in the Drama, Leland H. Monson. 264 All other art and photos: Ralph Reynolds

Good, the Enemy of the Best?, Leon R. Hartshorn 266 Studio

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 270

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.298, 304, 306, 319

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 241; These Times: The Constitution of the

Church, G. Homer Durham, 246; Letters and Reports, 248.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

April Fool - - - 312 Sprucing up the Living Room, Blanche Campbell 315 Information on reservations for

the World's Fair may be contactingThe Era of Youth 321 housingattendingobtained accommodationsby while

The Last Word.336 Ernest6070 WoodhaveWeimer, Blvd., Elmhurst,

Long Island, New York See page 279.

Stories, Poetry

Aleta, Douglas B. Wright 268

Poetry.....259, 292, 303, 307, 316, 318

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

THE COVER Editor; Editors; Associate Josephson, Managing Evans, L. Richahd Editor; Green, O. Managing Zobell, DoyleDavid Albert and Mabba

Editorial Associates; HiccrNs, B. McKayEditor; Pinnock, Editor; FlorenceC. Today's Larsen, Family Carter Arlene MarionL.Research Donna D. Hanks,Jr.,

of Pavilion of Church The Editor; The Art Direction: Studio. Associate Ralph Editor; Youth Reynolds The Era Era E.ElaineGrant,L. YouthThe Cannon, of of

at of Christ Saints Latterday Jesus Editors. Contributing S. B. Sidney Sperry, A. Gardiner, Harris, Nibley,G. Franklin Alma Durham, Hugh Homer

literally the Fair World's York S, New Associate Subscription Business Jacobsen, F. General Smith, General Manager; Manager; Manager; A. Carlos Jr.,Florence VerlG. Scott, Snarr, Jr., Glen

life to Director. springs cover.Director; our Advertising Evans, on Thayer

The massive replicas of the three

Inc., Saints. of rights of Christ of All Associations 1964 Latterday Improvement published Funds,Copyright Mutual and the Mutual Church by by The east Salt towers the of Lake Temple

subscriptions, year,reserved. the Subscription price, in to succeedingJesus $5.75; $8.25; year, $3.00 a $2.50 year added multiple advance; 3 years, a each 2 years, are reflecting in the mirrored pool.

price.three year fair this opens month. about The Read

Salt at Office, City,Entered matter. the as secondclass Utah mailing Post postage at in for for section rate of special provided 1103, act Acceptance Lake participation the of the Churchof authorized 1917, 1918. October 2, July

it in beginning 279. page on for for of unsolicited contributions. is not responsible at but acceptance manuscripts Manuscripts rate the on are welcomes Improvement Era paid 2cThe

sufficient return. fora delivery postage and accompanied must and word be by

Lithographed forThirty days'of address. a notice required ordering change change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Cover When

changes address as well as cannot is included. by Deseret old unless the the News Pressin full color one be madeis new

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going—anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

O 1964, Continental Oil Company

APRIL 1964 243 - * v; \J if

OF THE CHURCH

Scriptures OF JESUS CHRIST How OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

A magnificently produced volume including the King James Version of the

Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of Great

Price, and Eldin Ricks'Combination Reference. Bound in topgrain cowhide

and containing 72 beautiful illustrations in full color! Now available at Deseret

Book Company or through your local LDS dealer.

Only 30 cents postage. $39.95

'//>/,/ W/ Wtm "S*jb%** Jm

m\

/w*!M*a

THE BOOK OF MORMON

IN LIVING SOUND *4.w|l *

Thirtysix of the finest long play discs in two lovely albums... lor less than $1.50THE PEARL OF GREAT

scripture lor record! Modern each LP FILMSTRIP PROJECTOR COC IN LIVING SOUNDPRICE

finest of the Church's by two recorded filmstrip projector only lowpriced The scripture that brings albumA handsome dvnamically voices! professional A with features. automatic rewind Designed

life at the tobrilliantly push of a button spiritual addition to record your filmstrips. Ideal library! for single frame 35mm

33'/3 records! Play LongFour portfolio Freiberg of Arnold Includes in and for teaching gospel the wards

Book of Mormon paintings. missions of the Church. Has quiet and

Only $9.95 effective cooling system, (fan cooled)

30 cents postage. light output, and is very lightmaximum $49.95 low price. a very At and $5.00 weight. Terms as low as $5.00 down

a month. Postage $1.20. Projector Only $39.95

Case $5.00 Postage $1.56

THE FALLACY TEACHING WITH NEW by Alvin R. Dyer

AND THEY SHALL TECHNIQUES An interesting analysis and comparison

TEACH THEIR CHILDREN by Charles R. Hobbs of the doctrines of two churches...

by Reed H. Bradford If you wish to teach dynamically and The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterThe author is well qualified to write this effectively.. then read this book! It day Saints and the Reorganized Church.

volume because of his professional contains experiencetested suggestions Elder Dver. Assistant to the Quorum of

knowledge as well as his testimony of that are easy to follow and dramatically the Twelve, brings scholarship and exthe gospel. Here is a book that will be successful in operation. A must for every tensive knowledge into this masterly

a guide and inspiration to LDS parents. home and ward library! studv.

$3.50 $3.75 $2.95

- ****l LATTERDAY PROPHETS AND THE

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS kBK'-'. 'fk,—jmSm&i Volumes I & II by Roy W. Doxey

Two truly amazing works bv a wellqualified author!

Elder Doxev, Associate Professor of Religion and Chair- m man of the Department of Undergraduate Studies in the

College of Religious Instruction at Brigham Young

University, has penned two volumes providing fascinat- \\mi* tariesing insighton theintoDoctrinelatterday& Covenantsprophecy.areThesebased commenon study

It*'* ": of addresses of General Authorities of the LDS Church.

- - I... *- m 8 $3.95

S* each

>*s*

THE LORD SPEAKETH

by Alrin R. Dyer

A new volume that provides a unique Deseret Book Company account of gospel historv from Adam 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah Calvin, and Huss, throughand Moses

Dyer's Elder Smith. tteseretCOMPANY Book to JosephLuther

MALL AT TEMPLE COTTONWOOD AND find please Dear Sir: Enclosed a check [J is an adventure in Church 44 EAST SO.scholarly work

CITY SALT LAKE please an account, order monev |J, 1 haveliterature precedent. without 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA charge [J. Amount enclosed $

$3.50 for the above numbered items. 123456789

Name Address.

City.Zone..State.

Resident? of t tah add ZVic sales tax. April 1964 Era

.

cAnd if it so be

f,f,r"**.*,*—*y.t**t>yazAc

s,fIZuA J2?uxa*thatyou.. bring yp.rr*w*-—*6./*+*, f < At

save it be one soul unto me, how great shall \<U.*'.

"beyourjoy

. |ycliVr.<Ijyourjoy... /<AyiJ.,

be great with one soul...

v&y * ti'fs*.

how great will By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempebeyourjoy...

life constitution constitutions is "the fundamental studying govand it isifyou should Aorganic certain evident that of governlaw or principles ernments, ment of a nation, state, society, or sections of the Doctrine and Covebring many other organized body of men, emnants are impressive and significant bodied in written documents, or imin contributing to the constitution souls unto me!"pliedalso, a inwritteninstitutionsinstrumentand embodycustoms; for"covenants"the Church.in the Usetitle ofsuggeststhe wordthe

ing such organic law."When a idea of fundamental, contractual

(D. & C. 18:1516) preschool child once asked his law. The name of the Church also

father what a constitution was, the conveys the same concept to the parent groped momentarily, then juridical mind, it not being the

COVENANT RESEARCH GROUP is seekreplied, "A constitution is something "Church of Jesus Christ"only, nor ing ACTIVE L.D.S. members to place that tells you what kind of governmerely the "Church of Latterday

Works of the Standard recordings of the ment you have."Saints."But it is "The Church of

in We've L.D.S. homes. L.D.S. Church

found that these records have greatly Much is said about the importance Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,"enhanced the teaching process. And of respecting the constitutions found blending the twin principles of (1)

through these records you not only enin our various organizations. In the divine authority of authorization and

restore faith, and hance anothers'a United States there has been an ( 2 ) the voluntary association of free to use earn money testimony, you also as you choose. May we supply you with abundance of exhortation concernmen and women. The principle of

additional information? Send coupon ing the necessity of maintaining and the voluntary association of "free

below. upholding constitutionalism. agents,"based on the doctrine that

The Church may also be said to man "was in the beginning with have a "constitution."Although the God"also serves, along with God's

J Please send information on placing term is not in general use, the times knowledge and nature, as a funda-

L.D.S. Recordings. No obligation of and conditions in which we live sugmental "limitation"on power and

course. gest that a brief sketch of the conauthority in the Church and in the

NAME cept may be appropriate. universal government of God. The

of In general, of the the Doctrine power Godhead and CoveGod andADDRESS nants, as far so absolute first published under be that may man is

CITY STATE name in 1835, and as at present concerned, and the authority of printed, may be said to contain the Deity complete; yet, in relation to

Covenant "constitution"as it is "embodiedof theinChurchwritteninsofardocuman,heaven."GodFree"willagencyforceis norevealedman asto

Research Group ments."To one who has spent his a basic principle in the government

3600 Market Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of God, in the universe, and in the 1. IF A MAN DIE by Gordon T. Allred

Church. Free agency is related to This interesting book traces life from

the principle of divine authority. the premortal existence through

To the juridically minded, the mortality, death and into the spirit concept of divine authority as found world, beautifully and comfortingly in the Doctrine and Covenants difexplaining the eventuality we know as fers from the concept of sheer, death. Punctuated throughout by

plain "authority"in the fact that quotations from leading church divine authority accepts selfimposed authorities, this book also includes limitations on its method, based on several appendices with complete the existence of the fundamental law sermons on the subject of death—

of free agency. Section 93 verse 29 including one by the prophet

proclaims in words of basic doctrinal importance: "Man was also in the Joseph Smith $3.50

beginning with God."Ordinary authority, in contrast with divine authority, often overlooks the essential 2. THE PROBLEMS OF THE BOOK

or the"voluntarism,"recognition of OF MORMON by Sidney B. Sperry

lies at the heart offree will, which the concept of divine authority when Attempts by outsiders to disclaim the applied in any situation involving divine nature of the Book of Mormon other beings. Divine authority may are carefully researched and

well employ the great forces of the examined by Dr. Sperry in this

universe, and man suffers the consescholarly work. Such so called

quences of ignorance or disobedi- "weaknesses"as the "Isaiah ence of law. But when any "power problem,""The Shakespeare quotaor influence"is attempted over the tion"and many other purported

lives of men by any other influence criticisms, are than "persuasion, by longsuffering, completely by gentleness and meekness, and by explained away.

love unfeigned,"then, says section $3.25

121 ( see verses 3646 ), "the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit of

the Lord is grieved; and when it is

withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood 3. SO WELL EXPRESSED by H. George Bickerstaff

or authority of that man"(so far as Refreshingly new in content, this excellent book divine authority is concerned). contains the best of a wealth of choice sayings,

Thus runs the fundamental law in quotations and poems designed to lend enrichment this rich vein. to church talks and lessons. $1.00

But a constitution contains more than basic doctrine, bearing on the Order from your nearest Bookcraft dealer or from fundamental relations among beings.

A good political dictionary or encyclopedia, for example, will usually BOOKCRAFT 4/64 declare that a constitution will also 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 set forth, in addition to the fundaPlease send me the following circled books for which mental principles underlying the enclose check or money order for $ organization, (1) the powers and 1 2 3 duties of the principal governmental NAME (Continued on page 318) ADDRESS

CITY.STATE. ZIP.

APRIL 1964 YOUR CHOICE Letters ANY TWO BOOKS FOR $1.29 and

Reports

TEENS AND

THEIR TIMES From special monthly

section in Improvement Era $1.95

MONTANA GIRLS WIN

MEDALLIONS

Two Montana teenagers recently topped seven years of YWMIA activity by receiving the Gold Medallion award. Carolyn

CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE CHOICE BOOKS: Davis, Billings Third Ward, and Nanette

1. Prophecy, Key to the Future, 4. Sounding Brass, Landon of Missoula Third Ward received

by Duane Crowther by Hugh B. Nibley $3.50 the honor for earning seven individual

awards. 2. The Law of the Harvest, 5. The Day They Martyred The Prophet Nanette had one hundred percent atby Sterling W. Sill by Henry A. Smith $3.25 tendance for three of her awards and re-

3. Faith - Works, 6. The Prophecies of Joseph Smith, ceived the Honor Bee, Mia Joy, and

by Mark E. Petersen by Duane S. Crowther $3.95 Laureatte Awards. Carolyn, who was Betty

Crocker "Homemaker of Tomorrow"at school, her seminary honor is an gradu-... JOIN HOW TO

the ate and served on Youth Missionfirst your Choose selection(s) from the each month you will receive reviews of sevary committee.

choic listed above at regular reeral books. To get the top book you do

tail price and we will nothing—it will be sent to you postpaid

send you any two of with a statement. If you do not want the

the bonus books shown book return the postcard provided for an here for just $1.29 alternate (or none at all). With every four

more,... all shipped books you accept, you receive a 5th book

postpaid. After joining, of your choice free—a savings of 20%.

Inc. Club, Books P.O.LDSBOX 400 10, UTAH SALT LAKE CITY 1188 SOUTH MAIN

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

P. 0. BOX 400 - SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH 4-64 EAGER BEEHIVE GIRLS

Please send me as my first selection, the following circled books for which I enclose a check or money order for the regular retail price of $, plus $1.29 for Two Beehive girls in Medicine Hat Ward,

my 2 bonus books. 1 2 3 4 5 6 Taber (Alberta) Stake, have shown special for work. enthusiasm Beehive Bonnie

Genealogical Research Young Brigham Young Romeril, Beehive, a second year left, 14,

My 2 choices Standards May Peace Be With You received the Honor Bee award with 48 for bonus books are: Teens and Their Times At This Same Hour Honor Badges. Ten badges and two inChosen Missouri From Within These Walls dividual awards are required to become

Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether an Honor Bee.

or not I want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4 First year Beehive Cynthia "Cindy"

started 13, on the Haynes, path by same or selections Club the next alternates during Books at the regular advertised 12 months in 21 Honor Badges one year.

price. I resign at additional four any time after buying books. For each may 4 books I earning

accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free.

Name (Continued on page 320)

Address

City Zone. State.

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /////ft7/

Why the Book of Knowledge is the world's best encyclopedia for your children

The reason is simple. It is the only encyclopedia written the than most parents—can turn to the same chapter and learn

way your child thinks and learns. All the others are in alphathings even he never dreamed existed.

betical order—the way an adult thinks of the world. Whoever

heard of a child learning about the world alphabetically? And your sixteenyear old can profit from the technical space

data.

The Book of Knowledge, written by editors and educators The to Book speaks of Knowledge on every child his own related know children, arrangeswho facts and ideas in word level. of science, It speaks literature, history, of of art, of of

irresistible. kids findand picture form that

social studies—of the entire bursting wonder of life, all in his

They learn the best way—without knowing they are learning. own lively language.

Take any subject... outer space, for instance. Your sixyear To a child, The Book of Knowledge is a friend who teaches.

old can enjoy The Book of Knowledge chapter on "Man's 10 What could your child accomplish if he had such a friend?

Giant Steps into Space"without being able to read because the pictures themselves are so exciting and informative. THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE I

(The Book of Knowledge has more than 12,000 pictures.) The Grolier Society Incorporated

575 Lexington Avenue, New York 22, N. Y.

booklet, send full color 24pageYour elevenyear old—who probably knows more about space Please me—free—your

Carpet, the "miniature"of Knowledge. Book The Magic

I am interested in the Grolier "Easy Pay"Educational Plan.

There are- -children in my family, agesTHE BOOK OF NAME

ADDRESS-

-ZONECITYKNOWLEDGEA publication of G-rolier opens the door to success COUNTY- -STATE- I. Era 4/64

APRIL 1964 249 Flameless Electric Home Heating is The Clean as Light Church Moves On

JANUARY 1964 At the invitation of President Lyndon B. Johnson, President

David O. McKay had lunch with the President of the United

States at the White House. President McKay was accompanied to

Washington, D.C., by his Second Counselor, President N. Eldon

Now: New low rates for Tanner, and by his son, David Lawrence McKay.

electricity for electric heating FEBRUARY 1964 and air conditioning in total Tempe Stake, 391st in the roll call of stakes now functioning, electric homes. was organized under the direction of Elders Spencer W. KimWish to know more? Call ball and Delbert L. Stapley from parts of Maricopa (Arizona)'

or write the Power ComStake. Elder George I. Dana was sustained as president with

pany's nearest office today. Elders Glen L. Randall and Elmo G. Gerber as counselors. Tempe

was a branch of the Church (later a ward) in the 1880's, but the

If it's electric, it's better Church organization was discontinued as members sold their

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. property. Another branch at Tempe was organized in 1927 and

became a ward the following year. At the close of the year 1930

the Tempe Ward had a membership of 200.

Elder H. Delmar Layton sustained as second counselor to

President L. Harold Wright of Maricopa Stake succeeding Elder

Otto S. Shill. Elder J. LaMar Shelley is the first counselor.

Elder Keith F. Barton sustained as second counselor to PresiFILMS dent James D. Pratt of Burbank (California) Stake succeeding

DEVELOPED Elder Lyman P. Pinkston. Elder Harold F. Greene is the

first counselor.AMD PRINTED Irou.

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W Roll The Church participated in the annual Boy Scout Week beginJUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll ning today. This year's theme was "Scouting Is a Family Affair."

It was announced that Elders Thane J. Packer and Robert T. COLOR FILM

of Provo, L. Utah, Robert and and Backman

of City, to Salt Lake appointed had been DEVELOPING Ross Oliphant,J. Taylor, bothboth

general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. KODACOLOR the

8-Exposure Roll per It was announced that Elder J. Byron Ravsten, former presiDev. and Printing $2.55 roll dent of the Southern States Mission, had been appointed to the

Dev.1 2-Exposureand PrintingRoll $3.00 perroll Priesthood Missionary Committee.

Color Reprints 20 each COLOR SLIDES Itappointedwas announcedas secretarythat ofElderthe ChurchD. ArthurMissionaryHaycock Committee.had been

Slides Color 135 per mm of At the time serving Elder as a this appointment Haycock is exp,, 20 Dev. and Mount $ 1.35 roll

of the Priesthood Missionary Committee. member is a former He Slides Color per 135 mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll president of the Hawaii Mission. He has also served as a bishop

Color Movie per and as a member of four stake high councils.

8 mm, 25'Roll $ 1.35 rol

This past began week workmen placing the granite facing on PHOTOSGENEALOGY of the Salt annex Lake Temple. the new of OLD NEGATIVES MADE

PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 4c each The First Presidency announced that Elder Wilford M. Burton,

called as previously president, a mission Presisucceed would coin only - no GO.D.'s Send of the Atlantic States Eastern Mission. dent Heber G. Taylor The Guarantee MoneyBack

mission headquarters are in (Continued on page 292)

SAM'S PHOTO LABUtah P. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City,

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Nationwide Consumer Testing Institute proves

Samsonite best of 6 brands in withstanding leg shocks

This "Impact Drop"test was just manship, strength and durability—and is Certified

one of many tests Nationwide Testby Natioiiwide as a quality product."This is the

ing used to compare the Samsonite proof that Samsonite's look may have been copied #2600 AllSteel Folding Chair with but its original construction is still unmatched.

5 competitive brands. Designed to And, combined with the best price and delivery

simulate normal physical abuse terms, this is the proof that Samsonite is your best and handling, folded chairs were dropped from inbuy and gives you the most value in group seating.

creasing heights to determine how much impact rear legs could take. Samsonite went to a height of 5 feet.

All other brands'legs bent at 3 and 4 foot drops. Samsonite'A series of other tests gave all 6 chairs the kind ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS

of rough treatment people usually give them. The reForunderprice"Chairsand deliveryFolding"information,or write seeto yourShwayderYellow PagesBros.,

sult? According to Nationwide Testing, "Samsonite Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE44, Detroit 29, Mich.

is found generally superior in appearance, workAPRIL 1964 251

THE EDITORS PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

We believe that the home is the center, the bulwark of true civilization. We do not believe in the ideology

that teaches that there is no God, that the State is supreme, or that it has control of the individual. The

home is the center of civilization, and the responsibilities of the home rest upon the parents of the home.

The Church is an aid to the training of children;

so also is the State, but neither is supreme. The Lord

himself has said, "For this shall be a law unto the inhabitants of

Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized.

"And they shall also teach their children to pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord."(D&C 68:26, 28.)

That is a law.

The greatest trust that can come to a man and woman is the placing in their keeping the life of a little child. If a man who is entrusted with other

people's funds defaults whether a bank, municipal, or State official, he is apprehended and probably sent to prison. If a person entrusted with a government

secret discloses that secret and betrays his country, he. is called a traitor. What must the Lord think, The then, of parents who, through their own negligence

or wilful desire to indulge their selfishness, fail properly to rear their children, and thereby prove untrue Greatest to the greatest trust that has been given to human

of the parents."(Ibid,, 68:25.) Trust headsbeings? He has said: "... the sin be upon the

I should like to name a few conditions that contribute to a happy home, this not only to the young people, but also to you, my fellow parents—husbands

and wives. the

First: As a contributing factor to a happy home—and

this to you young folk—ever keep in mind that you Greatest begin to lay the foundation of a happy home in your

premarital life. It is during your teens and during

courtship that you should remember to be loyal to your future husband or your future wife. That loyalty Joy

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA consists in keeping yourself clean, in avoiding indulhousehold. Do I mean that you should be cruel to a

gence in anything that will sear your conscience when child? No! That you should whip a child? No! It

you implant your first kiss upon the lips of your eternal is unnecessary. But I mean that when you say, "No,"

partner in wedlock. you mean what you say.

Second: Choose your mate by judgment and inspiraEighth: Foster hometies by continued companiontion, as well as by emotion. ship. It is companionship that fosters love, and when

Third: Approach marriage with the lofty view it you have vowed your troth and made a covenant to

merits. Marriage is ordained of God. It is not somebe true to each other, do everything to foster that

thing to be entered into lightly, terminated at pleasure, love, to cement it for eternity. There is nothing

or ended at the first difficulty that might arise. In our sweeter in the world than the companionship of

Church we have the highest ideal of marriage ever husband and wife and the confidence and love of given to man. We admonish young men and young children in a Latterday Saint home.

women so to live as to be worthy to enter the house Ninth: Make accessible to children proper literature,

of God. music, and appropriate motion pictures.

Fourth: The noblest purpose of marriage is procreaTenth: By example and precept, encourage particition. The home is the children's natural nursery. The pation in church activity, thus establishing life's two

Savior rebuked his disciples when mothers and chilparamount ideals: first, to build character; and second,

dren crowded to caress him, to touch his garment. He to render service. Let those children feel that if they

said; "Suffer the little children to come unto me, and would make home happy; if they would, just in a

forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God."small degree, repay the kindness of parenthood and

(Mark 10:14.) Happiness in the home is enhanced by the sacrifices that mother and father have made, they

the children around the fireside, climbing on father's will develop in themselves a noble character—that is

knee, receiving caresses from mother. all the true father asks, that is all the true mother asks.

Fifth: Let the spirit of reverence pervade the home, Your greatest duty, son or daughter, is to, see to it

so that if the Savior happened to call unexpectedly, he that your life, your character, reflect credit upon your could be invited to stay and not be made to feel out father and your mother. The responsibility of sonof his element. ship, the responsibility to be a worthy daughter of

Sixth: Let husband or wife never speak in loud tones noble parents are among the greatest in all the world.

to each other. In naming this fundamental factor, I In the home let the element, the atmosphere breathe

also mention swearing, a vice which should be so forth character which is one of the highest aims in foreign from a Latterday Saint home that even the life, and that is developed through church sendee, thought of it should not come into mind. as well as through courtesy and consideration in

Seventh: Learn the value of selfcontrol. I believe the home.

lack of selfcontrol is one of the most common conParents, God bless you as you build a Latterday tributing factors of unhappiness and discord. I think Saint home. May there be throughout The Church of

children should be properly directed and controlled, Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints an ideal of homenot permitted to run around without any limitations building towards which the whole world may look in their actions as they affect other members of the in admiration.

APRIL 1964 253 THE QUESTION OF FORGIVENESS OF SIN

question: "In our study group compensate for the wrong which

the question of forgiveness of sin was done. Others felt that on true

was discussed. It was the opinion repentance and sorrow for sin, the

of some members that sin never transgressor would be forgiven.is forgiven without [sic] the transYOUR Will you please enlighten us in

gressor pays a price in suffering to relation to this question?"answer: It is true that justice QUESNo mortal man knows the severe

demands reparation for every sin mental and physical suffering that that is committed. The unrepentant our Lord had to endure. He hassinner will have to pay the price of TION thrown some light upon it in his

his transgression, for this is a direvelation to the Prophet Joseph vine law. To relieve mankind from Smith, but his severe agony and

suffering is known only topaying the penalty of sins, the Son ANSWERED BY mental of God came into this world and himself. He has informed us that

offered himself a sacrifice for sin, it was so severe that the blood JOSEPH not for his sin, for he was without came forth from every pore of hissin, but for the sins of every soul FIELDING body, and he was forced to cry who is willing to repent and keep in the anguish of his soul, yet he his commandments and walk in obtained no relief until his severethe light of the everlasting gospel. SMITH suffering was completed. And all PRESIDENT OF of this was done because he lovedOn this point our Savior said: "For behold, I, God, have sufTHE COUNCIL the world!

fered these things for all, that OF THE TWELVE This great love and compassion they might not suffer if they which Jesus had and made maniWould repent; fest in behalf of the world is grossly

"But if they would not repent they must suffer even misunderstood by the great majority of the inhabitants as I; of this world. He came into this world to fulfil a

"Which suffering caused myself, even God, the great mission of mercy and to grant to every living greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to creature the restoration of life after the mortal death, bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and through the resurrection. This restoration is a gift

spirit—and would that I might not drink the bitter as extensive in its application as was the "fall."Adam

cup, and shrink—brought mortality into this world through the "trans-

"Nevertheless, glory be to the Fath er, and I partook gression"of a law which was essential to mortal life.

and finished my preparations unto the children of Mortal life is preparatory to eternal life. The "fall"

men."(D&C 19:1619.) of Adam and Eve was not a sin but an essential act

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upon which mortality depends. Mortality is a condithe other on the other—

tion essential to exaltation, and men came into this "The one raised to happiness according to his deworld to be tried and tested preparatory to an exaltasires of happiness, or good according to his desires tion in the kingdom of God or banishment from his of good; and the other to evil according to his desires

presence, according to the individual deeds in morof evil; for as he has desired to do evil all the day

tality. Therefore mortality has been spoken of as a long even so shall he have his reward of evil when

"probationary"state, for it is here the soul is tested the night cometh.

and tried preparatory for a place in the eternity which "And so it is on the other hand. If he hath reis to come. pented of his sins, and desired righteousness until

There is a divine law of compensation. Mortality is the end of his days, even so he shall be rewarded

therefore a testing ground. Men are to be judged by unto righteousness.

their deeds, and there is a reward or punishment for "These are they that are redeemed of the Lord;

the deeds done in the mortal body. There is no yea, these are they that are taken out, that are departiality in the kingdom of God. What the individual livered from that endless night of darkness; and thus

receives is what he merits. Speaking on this point they stand or fall; for behold, they are their own

Alma, while giving advice to his wayward son judges, whether to do good or do evil.

Corianton, made this wonderful declaration: "Now, the decrees of God are unalterable; therefore,

"I say unto thee, my son, that the plan of restorathe way is prepared that whosoever will may walk tion is requisite with the justice of God; for it is therein and be saved.

requisite that all things should be restored to their "And now behold, my son, do not risk one more proper order. Behold, it is requisite and just, accordoffense against your God upon those points of docing to the power and resurrection of Christ, that the trine, which ye have hitherto risked to commit sin.

soul of man should be restored to its body, and that "Do not suppose, because it has been spoken conevery part of the body should be restored to itself. cerning restoration, that ye shall be restored from

"And it is requisite with the justice of God that sin to happiness. Behold, I say unto you, wickedness

men should be judged according to their works; and never was happiness."(Alma 41:2-10.)

if their works were good in this life, and the desires of their hearts were good, that they should also, at the last day, be restored unto that which is good.

"And if their works are evil they shall be restored unto them for evil. Therefore, all things shall be

restored to their proper order, every thing to its natural frame—mortality raised to immortality, corruption to incorruption—raised to endless happiness to

inherit the kingdom of God, or to endless misery to inherit the kingdom of the devil, the one on one hand,

APRIL 1964 2S5

is John inactive...why?

Change an attitude—Change a life

BY WILFORD D. LEE

All attention was riveted on the home teacher as he of inactivity, that knowledge does not control activity.

read from the seventysixth section of the Doctrine If we do not act because of what we know, if we do and Covenants concerning the three degrees of glory. not act because of what we think, then what is it that

At the conclusion he said, "Now, as Latterday controls action?

Saints our objective in this life is to seek, not the Much has been written about human motivation:

telestial nor the terrestrial glories, but rather, the we have our urges, our appetites, and our desires as celestial kingdom. If we are to attain to the highest well as our ambitions and our aspirations. We have

degree of celestial glory, we must have the Melfamily, social, vocational, and political pressures. But

chizedek Priesthood and be married in the temple."with all these it is the feeling, the emotion, the attitude

He paused pensively. which primarily control action. Thus, some subJohn Matson was a good man, kind and gentle to conscious feeling prevents John Matson from becoming

his family, a friendly neighbor, and honest in his active in the Church. We can assume that such feelbusiness affairs; but he was inactive in the Church. ings are not inherited. Therefore they must be, through

Sister Matson wanted desperately to be married in some process or previous experience, learned.

the temple, but during the twelve years of their Learning can be classified into three general types:

marriage she had been unable to persuade her husfirst, the memorization of knowledge; second, the deband that he should prepare himself for the event. velopment of habits and skills; third, the growth of

Like many cases of this kind, John Matson admitted feelings and attitudes. These three types of learning

verbally that he should quit smoking and accept a do not operate separately but take place simultaneposition in the Church. He had often said as much, ously. They are separated here only for convenience

but there was something deep down inside him which of study.

prevented him from doing it. He had plenty of Most teachers spend the greater amount of their

excuses: in his work all of his companions smoked, time presenting facts and drilling to aid in memorizahis hours of work were so uncertain that it was intion. They consistently test their students to see

convenient either to go to church or to hold an active whether they have acquired the facts.

position. And yet, there were many other men workIn many classes teachers emphasize skills. In

ing under similar or even more difficult circumstances mathematics, in the homemaking arts, in physical who continued to be active in the Church. education and similar activities, teachers judge

To the bishops, the home teachers, and especially achievement by the amount and quality of the skills to those who are responsible for the Aaronic Priestwhich the students acquire.

hood program for men over 21, John Matson's case, Seldom do we find classes which are designed priand all those like it throughout the Church, presents marily to help students acquire desirable feelings and a particularly stubborn problem. This man believes

that the gospel is true. He loves his wife and his attitudes. The emotional side of students'lives is

daughters. He is aware that if he is ever to attain sandwiched sparingly into classes and curricula deto celestial glory he must be active in the Church. He pending upon the sensitivity of teacher or principal.

knows that without the Melchizedek Priesthood and The Church is greatly concerned with people's without marriage in the temple, he will fail to achieve behavior. There is a great body of evidence to indihis most desired objective. He knows what he should cate that, in moral behavior especially, people do not

do, but he never does it. act in accordance with their knowledge; for example,

It is evident in this case, as it is in so many cases most obese people understand that if they are to

APRIL 1964 287 reduce their weight, they must reduce their intake of feeling which may be favorable or unfavorable; for

food; but they seldom do. Presumably doctors underexample, when a Scout takes his first camping trip he

stand that smoking of cigarets is detrimental to their obtains a great deal of knowledge about nature and health, but many do not quit smoking. Most people the great outdoors. He also develops skills, such as

who drink to excess do so knowing full well the how to put up a tent, how to cook over a campfire, disastrous effect of their drinking on their health and and how to find his way back to camp. But more

their social status. Most men and women involved important, he attaches a feeling, either pleasant or

in divorce cases are aware of the tragic effects of their unpleasant, to all of these experiences. In most cases

actions upon their children and their families. the overall feeling is pleasant. The sights, the smells,

Instead of acting upon what they know or what the cool air, the sounds of humming nature all captithey think, these people act strictly in accordance vate him. The result is that such feelings motivate his

with their feelings. The obese person is motivated future actions, and he wants to go again and again.

not only by a physical but also an emotional craving On the other hand, if on his first camping trip he for food. Doctors, like other people, enjoy smoking, becomes lost, he may attach such an unpleasant feeland they continue to do so in spite of their knowledge. ing to the outdoors that he may never want to go

Why a man drinks to excess is a profound and often again. And unless he is treated with some counter-

a mysterious psychological problem; but certainly acting emotion of great strength, he will always be

a drinker's emotions, his feelings, his appetites rule afraid of the mountains. There are many men and

over his knowledge. Attorneys and counselors, those women who have had such unpleasant experiences in

most intimately acquainted with divorce, know that the wilds that they avoid them entirely. Thus, we

most of the real causes are emotional. The real causes act because of how we feel.

are irritations, frustrations, hates, disappointments, This process of attaching feelings to things—to an

unachieved ambitions, hostilities, and aggressions. If act, to persons, to places, to ideas or bodies of knowlwe are to discover the real reason why a person acts, edge—is called conditioning. It is a type of learning

we must discover what his feelings are. which goes on simultaneously with the acquisition of

There are, of course, some apparent contradictions knowledge and the development of skills. Conditioned

to this philosophy. The scientist, for example, who learning is the basis of all our likes and dislikes. It

sits at his desk and plots carefully every detail of the is the primary force which causes us to act either experiment which he is about to perform seems to favorably or unfavorably toward the knowledge which be acting completely from his knowledge and his we have. It is the process by which we obtain our

thinking. Nevertheless, feeling is the motive power attitudes. And, incidentally, it is the chief ingredient

of his actions. If he does not feel favorably toward of a testimony and the chief process by which we

the experiment, he will not do it spontaneously. If obtain it.

he is being paid to do work which he doesn't like, his The process of conditioning is something like silver desire for his salary is greater than his dislike for his plating. An iron knife is immersed in a solution

work. Thus, in many activities we have mixed feelcontaining a silver salt. When an electric current is

ings. In every case, that feeling which at the moment sent through the liquid, the silver salt disintegrates,

is the strongest, initiates and controls the action. and the pure metal attaches itself to the knife. If the

In the Church we have many baffling cases of inknife is left in the solution only a short time, the activity. Many men who hold the higher priesthood plating will be thin and will soon wear off. If, howand who have done good service in the Church get ever, the knife is left in the solution for a great length

their feelings hurt and become inactive. It is a major of time, a heavy plating will be deposited which will

problem to reactivate such men. It is not their last a lifetime.

knowledge or their lack of it that makes them inactive; In the same way emotional conditioning affects

it is their feelings. For that reason when we are people. A person is involved in an experience. Let us

dealing with such people, we must discover what say that a boy has trouble with his father on Sunday their real feelings are and attempt to change them.

morning. Still emotionally upset, the boy is misThese adverse emotional reactions are learned, but

the process by which people develop feelings and chievous during the Sacrament, for which the superinattitudes is not quite the same as ordinary learning. tendent scolds him. Filled with anger and resentment,

Real learning in any case is accomplished by having he goes to class where he becomes so obstreperous an experience or a series of experiences. Through that the teacher, in desperation, sends him out of

these experiences we get knowledge and develop skills; class. The whole experience is saturated with unbut in doing so we also develop an accompanying pleasant emotion. While the boy may be coaxed back

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to Sunday School after that, his conditioned hostility ourselves extremely fortunate if we succeed in conmight prevent him from enjoying it, and, unless someditioning them pleasantly toward good things and one changes his feelings, he might drop out as soon unpleasantly toward bad things. It is just as easy for

as he can find an excuse for doing so. His feelings children to develop antagonistic feelings toward the

will not only make him antagonistic toward the good things in the Church and pleasant feelings teacher and the class, but his antagonism might spread toward the bad things of the outside world. Because

to the Sunday School and probably to the Church as of this irrational conditioning, people who know better a whole. Many inactive people have had similar continue to follow their feelings rather than their

unpleasant experiences. knowledge and do things which are bad.

How long does this conditioning last? That deIs there any possibility of changing a person who

pends upon how strong the emotion was during the has become conditioned against the Church? Is there

initial experience and how long the person goes any hope for the John Matsons? That depends upon

without experiencing a strong counteracting emotion. our understanding of the problem and our skill in

The general rule is that the stronger the initial emohandling it. Conditioning does not come about by

tion, the longer the conditioning lasts. Some condiordinary methods of instruction. If a man holds an

tioning wears off within a short time just in the erroneous concept, but has no particular feeling toexperiences of life. Often, however, we find people ward it, that concept can be changed by study, or by

who were badly conditioned in childhood or even in listening to a lecture, or by the evidence obtained infancy still being influenced in their old age. And from an experiment. However, if the person has also

many of these conditionings are completely irrational. developed a deepseated, emotionally reinforced conThere are, of course, many reasons why Latterday viction about the concept, his mind cannot be readily

Saints become inactive in the Church; but at the botchanged either through study or persuasion. Strong

tom of nearly every case you will find an unfavorable feelings tend to shut out reason and evidence. Superemotion. Since the gospel is good and sweet and stition and prejudice are of this sort. Many people

pleasant to those who practise it faithfully, the feelharbor deeply emotional prejudices against other peoings and attitudes of the inactive members seem ple. Neither education, persuasion, or argument seem

particularly irrational. The important fact to rememto change their feeling.

ber is that people can develop a dislike toward good For those who are lightly conditioned, the process and desirable things, and that dislike will control their of erasing their emotional reaction is relatively easy;

actions. To people so conditioned, "good"things befor example, a new family had just moved into the

come ''bad."In rearing our children we can count block. Their little girl (Continued on page 304)

Golden in its youth, It captures small patches of sunshine

And displays them on a green carpet,

DANDELIO Or pops them in the crack

BY ROBERT B. FOX

Of a sidewalk, Or on a dismal hillside.

In old age It wears a silver crownNot selfishly,

But shares it with the world By means of a gentle breeze.

APRIL 1964 259 But what do you do when you go to a country like this to establish an image for the Church? In the

few days that we were there we decided upon a procedure which, I think, is a good one. First we visited

the embassy of the United States, which is always a protective measure to follow when you are away from home. One thing happened there that impressed

me very much.

After we got through with our business wherein we inquired about the customs of the people, of religious tolerations, of restrictions, and other things in

Iceland that could affect the sending of missionaries there, the ambassador said, "Are all Latterday Saints

Stand up and be counted BY ELDER ALVIN R. DYER*

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

like Barney Timmins?"

I said, "Why do you ask?"Fortunately, I happened to know of him, but I did not know that he

had been there.

He said, "He was attached to our embassy here for a number of years, and if all Latterday Saints are like that young man, then you must have a wonderful church."

I thought of the influence for good that an indi- '... So these missionaries, vidual can leave in a place and how he can lift the

being I suppose fishermen at heart, got on a boat and image of the Church when he stands on the things he away they went to believes in and obeys the standards he has been taught.

Westmanna Island..."We left the office of the ambassador and went to the

office of the head bishop of the Lutheran Church on the island. We had a very pleasant visit and heardM*8*

the bishop speak of his high regard for this young man, a Latterday Saint, Barney Timmins.

If there is any one thing that has impressed me greatly From there we went to the office of the Minister in my experience in the Church, it is that we carry on of Education. At each of the places of contact we

our work under the power and influence of the Spirit spoke of our purpose in going there, always with the of God, and that we receive this assistance wherever thought that we had been asked to come by the we are projecting ourselves in the work. President of our Church, who we feel is a prophet of

I recall a fulfilment of this when in London in God. "What would you think of missionaries being

the early part of 1961 with President McKay. He said sent to the island of Iceland?"we asked, and then

to me, "President Dyer, I want you to go to Iceland explained what the missionaries did.

to investigate the possibilities of sending missionaries Every contact that we made evidenced a truly sinthere."Through obedience to his request we took air cere welcome. We were privileged to meet with the

passage, within a few weeks, from Oslo, Norway (in president of the University of Iceland. This is always,

our group was President Joseph A. Gunderson of the I think, an especially good contact to make. We talked

Norwegian Mission) to Iceland. to him about Brigham Young University and the educational program of the Church, the desire of our

"Excerpts from an address given to the Brigham Young University people to seek education. student body.

260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We finally ended up in the office of the mayor of inclinations, their industry, and, above all, their deReykjavik. His name is Halgrimmson. sire to abide by what they believe and what they

I have been greeted and welcomed in many places were taught.

throughout the world in a very cordial manner, but "We went to Salt Lake City for the last few days never so much as here this day in the office of the of our visit in Utah. We stayed in a motel near the

mayor. When I suggested that we might send mistemple. The manager of that motel was the kindest,

sionaries there, if it was the will of the Presidency and one of the finest men I have ever met. He said he

the presiding brethren of the Church, he said, "For belonged to some kind of quorum, but this was a man me, I would like to see the Mormon missionaries here who lived completely, in my estimation, the life of right now."He said, "What will you do with them a Christian."

when they come? Where will they live?"I thought then of the tremendous influence that we

I said, "They will find a place with the people."as a people, both individually and as a community,

He said, "Now I want this to be my responsibility. can wield upon the lives of other people if only we

When they come, I will see to it that they have a place live the gospel. I think that when the time comes to

to live. Where will you hold your meetings?"open Iceland for the preaching of the gospel—and this

"Well, this is a little premature. We only have two is bound to come—probably this one man with the

members of the Church in Iceland—a Danish woman influence he wielded on Mayor Halgrimmson and his

and her son."wife will be largely responsible for the opening of the

He said, "You will need some place to meet. Let it doors of preaching the gospel in Iceland. I have not

be the responsibility of the city of Reykjavik to probeen able to find this brother as yet, and I have been vide you with a meeting place at no cost."looking for him, but when I do I will want to convey

I said, "Mayor Halgrimmson, you have been very this glad news to him.

friendly and kind, and I would like to know the reason. These are happenings that indicate how the Spirit

Why are you so friendly to the Mormon Church?"of God works in the minds of people to open the way

"Well,"he said, "the answer is simple. Some years for the spreading of the gospel.

ago two Mormon missionaries came to the island of I was on a plane going east the other day and sat in

Iceland, and they learned that many of the Icelanders company with an elder who had served in France left the island to go to Westmanna Island some 150 while I presided over the European Mission. This

kilometers off the coast of Iceland toward the Arctic young man, who was a very effective missionary, is

Circle. There, employed by others in one of the great now pursuing a political science career. It is the cusfishing areas of the world, they would fish. So these tom of those in charge of their educational pursuits to

missionaries, I suppose being fishermen at heart, got place these young men in positions where they can on a boat and away they went to Westmanna Island. learn by practical application, and thus he was atWhile the men fished in the day, they fished at night tached to the office of the Governor of Connecticut as

and baptized 150 of these fishermen. They came back a graduate student. The Governor of Connecticut,

to the island and later, with their wives and families John N. Dempsey, was born in Ireland. He is a

who were also converted, many of them migrated Catholic—a wonderful man. He has accomplished

to America. A good number of them, as you may many good things. To this young elder he kept comknow, settled in Springville and Spanish Fork in Utah."ing and asking about the Church. The sterling charAs he continued his story he said. "My uncle was acter and qualities of this young man became an

among them. Last year (which would have been in influence to Governor Dempsey—and the elder will be

the fall of 1960) my wife and I decided to go to an influence wherever he goes.

America. We did not go in any official capacity, as I had the privilege recently of directing to the

the mayor of Reykjavik and his wife, but just as president of the New England Mission a beautiful ordinary Icelanders. We told no one of our coming. brochure with the goldimprinted lettering on the

We bought an automobile in Detroit and toured outside, "The Story of The Church of Jesus Christ of

America. We went of course to Utah where we spent Latterday Saints, presented to the Honorable Govthree weeks—three of the most wonderful weeks of ernor Dempsey of Connecticut."

my life. You ask me why I would like to see misThis is God's work. We have unlimited opportunisionaries in Iceland. I lived among your people for ties to "Stand Up and Be Counted"as we shall seek,

those three weeks. I came to know them. I have wherever we go, to assist in the building up of

never been so impressed with people, their educational his kingdom.

APRIL 1964 261

Only two years after the organization of our even by study and also by faith."(D&C

Church, the Lord (through revelation to the 88:7779, 118.)

Prophet Joseph Smith at Kirtland on December 27, 1832) gave instructions which have become the As humble servants of the Lord, believing as foundation and inspiration for the great educational they did in the commandments given them reprograms of the Church: garding the need for continued learning among

our people, the Prophet and our early leaders de- "And I give unto you a commandment vised a unique and comprehensive program of that you shall teach one another the docinstruction through a system of church schools trine of the kingdom. and religious organizations. This program was

''Teach ye diligently and my grace shall designed not only for adults, but for the earliest attend you, that you may be instructed years of childhood as well.

more perfectly in theory, in principle, in The first issue of The Morning and Evening Star, doctrine, in the laiv of the gospel, in all June 1832, contained the following item on educathings that pertain unto the kingdom tion: "Those appointed to select and prepare books

of God, that are expedient for you to for the use of schools will attend to that subject as understand soon as more weighty matters are finished. But

the parents and guardians in the Church of Christ "Of things both in heaven and in the need not wait. It is important that, children, to

earth, and under the earth; things ivhich become good, should be taught so."

have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things ivhich As early as 1833, only three years after the

are at home, things ivhich are abroad; organization of the Church, there was organized

the wars and perplexities of nations, and an educational institution for adult males known the judgments which are on the land; as "The School of the Prophets,"which enrolled

and a knowledge also of countries and about sixty students the first term. The program of kingdoms—of studies included theology, political science,

"And as all have not faith, seek ye dililiterature, geography, and Hebrew. In January

gently and teach one another words of 1836, Joseph Smith wrote in his diary concerning wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best his experience with this school:

books words of wisdom; seek learning, "Tuesday, 26th, Mr. Seixas arrived from Hudson

Continuous education is our labor, our business, and our calling."

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY HARVEY I. TAYLOR

ACTING PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

to teach the Hebrew language and I attended...

for the purpose of receiving lectures upon the

Hebrew language. His hours of instruction are

from ten to eleven a.m. and from two to three

p.m. His instruction pleased me much."

In his journal, Joseph Smith refers to the School of the Prophets as follows: "... during the week

the Kirtland High School [or School of the

Prophets] is taught in the attic story [of the temple].... The school numbers from 135 to 140

students, divided into three departments—the

classic, where the languages only are taught;

the English department, where mathematics, common arithmetic, geography, English grammar, writing, and reading are taught; and the juvenile department...."

Even before the Saints came to Utah, President

Brigham Young issued a statement regarding education which read in part: "It is very desirable

that all saints should improve every opportunity of securing at least a copy of every valuable treatise on education, every book, map, chart, or diagram that may contain interesting, useful and attractive matter to gain attention of children and cause them to love to learn to read."

As early as 1860 a number of evening schools were established in Salt Lake City, again following the leadership of the Prophet who once said while the Saints were still in Kirtland: "We shall have

long winter evenings... and a good time to spend

in selfimprovement, (Continued on page 298)

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG

APRIL 1964 mneer nterest This month we note the WOth anniversary of the birth of William Shakespeare, in thewhose plays were performed on the stage of the pioneer theaters as early as 1853.

DR. LELAND H. MONSONENGLISH DEPARTMENT WEBER STATE COLLEGE Drama

From the time of their entrance into the Salt Lake local dramatic association. Lyne, a convert to the

Valley, the Latterday Saints have shown an intense Church from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and a vetinterest in the drama as a means of disciplining the eran impersonator of Shakespearean characters, had minds and maturing the hearts of the people, a study played supporting roles to Edwin Forrest, Ellen Tree of the sources of that interest should prove rewarding. (later Mrs. Charles Kean), the Elder Booth, and

Two streams of that interest issue in Nauvoo, Illinois, Charlotte Cushman. 1

and in England. In Nauvoo, Joseph Smith interested Even before he joined the Church in the early

his people in the theater, because he was aware it 1840's, Lyne had lent it his aid. His brotherin-law,

could be a powerful instrument with which to influGeorge J. Adams, on a mission proselyting for conence his following in ways of righteousness. He severts, had come to his home in Philadelphia. Adams

lected Thomas A. Lyne to organize and instruct a was puzzled about how to proceed with his mission264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

King Lear befriended by the disguised Edgar, son of Gloucester.

ary activity, for he had little money. To raise the to philharmonic concerts, to see the best acting and

necessary funds, these two men somehow obtained a hear the divinest singing, at a few pence, to the galtheater and presented Shakespeare's Richard 111, Lyne leries. Such a community could not possibly have got

playing the part of Richard III and Adams imperalong without their theatre, nor been content with sonating Richmond. 2 their isolation without something to awaken pleasurInterested in Adams'report about Joseph Smith, able reminiscences of the intellectual culture and

Lyne went to Nauvoo to meet him. Soon thereafter dramatic art of their native land."6

Lyne was baptized and founded if not the first at An account of six men familiar with English draleast one of the first dramatic organizations in the matic productions must suffice to show what was takChurch. Between engagements in Nauvoo, the draing place. The story of Phil Margetts, an English

matic company traveled down the Mississippi River, convert who arrived in Salt Lake City on September 1, presenting plays to the river towns. Brigham Young, 1850, demonstrates that some of these converts had

George A. Smith, Erastus Snow, and other leaders been acquainted with Shakespeare. As a boy in

participated in some of these productions. London, he walked across the city to see great actors

Edward Tullidge, personally acquainted with in Shakespearean roles. When twelve years of age,

Mormon actors from Nauvoo, wrote: "The Mormon he stood one night with his nose pressed against a

theatre was conceived in Nauvoo in Joseph's day. It window looking at a bill advertising a production of

is as orthodox as the Temple. Thomas A. Lyne was Hamlet. An actor, C. W. Couldock, seeing his interest

Joseph's actor."3 in Shakespeare, gave him a ticket to the theater.

The converts who emigrated from England to NauThereafter his interest in Shakespeare never lapsed.

voo and to Salt Lake City quickened interest in the Years after his arrival in Salt Lake City in 18571858, theater and in Shakespeare. The first half of the he returned to England to serve as a missionary. On

nineteenth century was a period in which the theater his way to England, he saw Charlotte Crampton play flourished in England. 4 Many of the productions in Hamlet in St. Louis, When he arrived in London,

were Shakespearean. There were more playhouses, he and Bernard Snow, another amateur actor and

larger audiences, a greater number of extraordinary missionary from Utah, went to the Haymarket Theatre actors of Shakespearean roles in England in the ninein London to see Much Ado about Nothing. In 1857

teenth century than there had been since Elizahe saw Samuel Phelps play Hamlet and Macbeth at bethan times. the Sadler's Wells Theatre in London. On January

As a result of the missionary activity of Heber C. 11, 1858, he saw Hamlet at the Princess Theatre.

Kimball, Orson Hyde, Willard Richards, Joseph FieldCharles J. Thomas, another early Utahn interested

ing, Wilford Woodruff, and others, converts came in the drama, born November 20, 1832 in Burnley, into the Church from the sections of England in which Lancashire, England, showed unusual musical ability the theater flourished. By October 6, 1840, the Church as a boy. At the age of nine he played with his father

membership in England was just over 3,600. It had in an orchestra in the Theatre Royal in NewCastle-on

increased to 5,814 members by April 1841, and eight Tyne. In 1860 he came as a convert to Salt Lake City.

hundred more had already emigrated to America. Because of his interest in music and the drama, he

the first decade, 1:165166.) Star (Millennial During the first director of the Salt Lake Theabecame

converts 7 5 and America 5,784 to 1849, 1840 came to tre orchestra.

settled in the vicinity of Nauvoo and subsequently in George Careless, second director of music in the

Salt Lake City. Besides, many converts emigrated

Salt Lake Theatre, came from London in 1864. Accordindividually or in small groups without their deparing to Pyper, ture having been recorded.

"The majority of the citizens [writes Tullidge] in "George's parents frequently left him alone while 18511852 were fresh from a land of theatres... from they visited the great city to attend the theatre, and

London, Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, Yorkshire, to amuse him during their absence gave him a little and Edinburgh, where the common people for generaplayhouse theatre containing a stage and a play book tions have been accustomed to go to the theatre and with thick sheets (Continued on page 290)

APRIL 1964 26S An old folk saying reads: "The good is enemy of the good to stress the principles of the gospel, but it is

best."As teachers in the Church, we must beware best to lead and assist students to live them.

lest this old adage prove to be true. Relative to this, Do we as teachers and leaders teach principles of

consider the following questions: Do we stress some the gospel, but fail to live them personally? A

programs of the Church to the exclusion of others? It teacher may present a lesson exemplifying love, kindis good for a student to be engaged in a specific proness, or patience, and, during the duration of the lesgram of the Church, but it is best if he contributes to son itself, use damaging sarcasm to demand classroom

and benefits from all of the programs of the Church control. It is good to teach gospel principles to our

which have been designed for him. students, but best if these principles are never forDo we as teachers and leaders teach principles of gotten because the teacher is a living embodiment

honesty, but fail to teach these virtues in a meaningof the virtues he teaches.

ful way? Do we teach principles detached from real Do we ever make an assignment or even demand

life situations in a theological vacuum? If so, stuthat pupils read the scriptures and do it in such a

dents may learn much which is lofty about morality colorless, objectionable manner that those who read and theology, but may be totally inept at making do so resentfully? The scriptures will be of great

applications in their complex environment. Through importance if young people see them as a valued

the means of group discussions, buzz sessions, projects, "friend"to which they may turn for enjoyment, for case studies, and other good methods, we must let spiritual uplift, for the answer to a question, for comstudents think, question, discuss, and apply. It is fort or for solace. Yes, the instructor may have a good

purpose in mind, but an apparent good can become an enemy of the best.

Do we teach students how to say prayers, but not

BY LEON R. HARTSHORN

DIRECTOR OF THE STANFORD INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

teaching CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM how to pray or what to pray about? Do we teach meant by these two terms? During 1964, as in years

them to be consistent in prayer, discuss how prayers past, Latterday Saint freshmen students will arrive are answered, and what they must do to have prayers at college and university campuses. Some will be the

answered? It is good to teach one to say prayers but recipients of quorum and "Duty to God"awards.

best to teach how to pray, to communicate literally Some for years will have attended their church meetwith God. ings very regularly. Some will have an acceptable

Do we ever give the impression that those who knowledge of the gospel. The disturbing thing is that

attend church regularly do not really need its great some of these young Latterday Saints will sincerely program? How often it is heard: "The ones who believe that they should seize their opportunity to gain

really need this message are not here, you are active knowledge at the exclusion of all church activity, and do not really need it."As teachers, we are charged gospel study, and service. They will have either

not only with the responsibility of helping nonLatter- misunderstood or will not have been correctly taught day Saints and inactive Latterday Saints to become the concepts of the Church relative to gaining knowlgood members of the Church, but we also have the edge. As a result, they will miss one of the opporcharge to assist good Latterday Saints to become tunities of a lifetime to gain the kind of knowledge the

better, to be great and powerful leaders. The Lord Lord would desire them to have.

has admonished: Latterday Saint university students have an op-

"Verily I say, men should be anxiously engaged in portunity to integrate, interrelate, and conceptualize a good cause, and do many things of their own free gospel truths and the knowledge they gain from the will, and bring to pass much righteousness; various disciplines to which they are exposed; for

"For the power is in them, wherein they are agents instance, the study of a great literary masterpiece can unto themselves. And inasmuch as men do good they produce a new insight to a gospel truth. A poem can

shall in nowise lose their reward."(D&C 58:2728.) bring one closer to his Father in heaven. A chapter

It is good to be concerned with the inactive, but from a physics book can increase appreciation for a it is best to be striving simultaneously to convert those scripture in the Doctrine and Covenants. An astronwho are not members of the Church, working to omy course can help a person feel a kinship with

reclaim the inactive and stimulating the good and Father Abraham.

the active to greatness. Such people, as they in turn Of even greater import is the contribution that

gain gospel knowledge in depth and have the fire of gospel knowledge can make to college classes. A

the Holy Ghost burning within them, will become scripture from the Book of Mormon gives perspective powerful associates in converting and reclaiming in a philosophy class. The life and teachings of

others. Good members of the Church must be stimuJoseph Smith enrich a sociology class. The love and

lated to reach ever upward. Upon one occasion humanity of Jesus Christ as portrayed in the pages of

President David O. McKay, with his kindly but penethe New Testament make an education class more

trating eyes, looked at a group of Netherlands mismeaningful. The accounts of the creation in the

sionaries and said in essence: "You are a finelooking Pearl of Great Price provide balance in an anthrogroup of missionaries; you are outstanding."He pology course.

paused, then continued: "In fact, you are so fine and If a person is to be educated, he must be able to

so outstanding that you ought to be ashamed of conceptualize, to interrelate, and to integrate the yourselves for not being better than you are."best knowledge from many fields. Consider the folDo we teach the value of knowledge and intellilowing admonition from the Lord:

gence and motivate students to pursue higher educa- "Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you, tion, but fail to define and explain what is really that you may be (Continued on page 294)

A band of Navajo sheep, grazing across the gentle ancestors, when the advent of modern cloth was introslope of prairie land through the everlengthening duced into their culture. Her name is Aleta.

shadows, gives the effect of a white and brown spotted The daydream has faded, and Aleta is gathering blanket, spreading across the face of the barren terthe sheep together, pushing them homeward ahead rain. The sheep are constantly shifting—searching, of the fast falling night. Aleta's father will be angry

for the lack of muchneeded spring rains has conif he has to come looking for her and the sheep after tributed highly to the scarcity of feed. The tender dark. The sheep seem to know, and share the young

shoots of green are few and difficult to find. sheepherder's anxiety to reach home soon, for they

Dusk is rapidly approaching, and beneath the anscurry along the sandy trail with amazing speed. Only

cient weatherbeaten branches of the only visible cedar moments have lapsed until they are safely locked tree on the hill, a small child is silhouetted against the behind the bars of the small corral at home.

background of withdrawing sky. Her thoughts seem Home! To Aleta home is a small oneroomed hut.

to be caught up in the fascinating drama of transition The entire structure is made of cedar poles and mud.

from daylight to dark. A closer look would not be The walls are made by standing cedar poles side by

possible, for the child is timid and shy. Should the side in a circle to form a structure similar to an

presence of an onlooker be discovered, she would Eskimo's igloo. The exterior of the dwelling is covered

quickly seek cover in the nearest brush or ravine. with mud. This is a hogan. There are no windows.

But should a closer look be permitted, we would be The only opening other than the doorway is a hole gazing upon the plain, simple beauty of a young in the center of the room through which the stoveeight-yearold Indian girl—a brighteyed lovely child pipe protrudes. There is no wooden door. A cloth

with her jetblack hair tied traditionally into the hangs to protect against cool night breezes and hot bitsi yel, or bun, on her head. Her large black eyes summer days.

sparkle with the brightness of stars as though the When Aleta enters the hogan, she finds her mother sun had left behind some of its golden rays to be busily preparing the evening meal of mutton stew and imbedded deep within her soul. All these are added fry bread. Her father is sleeping on the far side of

features to make the coppercolored hue of her skin the room. He has just returned from working on the

stand out more meaningfully than ever. Her dress is of railroad, and, as he explained, is preserving his

the quaint styling impregnated into the lives of her strength for when he will have to return to the railroad.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rjrir.

Other than the stove in the center of the dirt floor aries are teaching Aleta's father and mother, too, for and a small dilapidated cupboard at one side, the they have not yet accepted everything they have room is bare of any furnishings. Against the walls been taught.

of the hogan are bundles of sheepskins and blankets. There is another reason for the visits of the misWhen the family members are ready to retire for the sionaries, a reason that directly involves little Aleta.

night, the skins and blankets will be spread out on In her father's family of nine children, Aleta alone the dirt floor of the dwelling and used as individual has not been and will not be allowed to attend school.

beds. No springs or mattress will be used. Only the Her father insists there is no one else to care for the

skins will serve as protection from the dampness of sheep, and she is needed by her mother to help care the ground. for the younger children in the family. Her grandShortly after the evening meal is over, Aleta's father insists that Aleta is going to grow up to be "a

grandfather comes into the hogan, followed by two Navajo woman,"untouched by the teachings and ways missionaries who live near the Trading Post. Grandof the white people.

father has listened for many hours to the words of the The missionaries take the time to explain patiently missionaries and has come to believe what the two to Aleta's father and grandfather that it is God's deyoung men have told him. Since Grandfather is the sire that all his children have the opportunity to

oldest member of the family, and considered very wise, gain knowledge, to spread the branches of their his judgment is respected. Therefore, when he decided intelligence, and thereby gain a fuller and more satisfyto be baptized, his wife and several of his grandchiling experience from life. To all this and more Aleta's

dren were baptized also. Now, several months after parents and grandparents readily agree, but when the

baptism, the missionaries still come to teach the family subject returns to that of Aleta going to school, the more about the gospel which they have chosen to old arguments and holdbacks are quickly raised embrace. Grandfather speaks English well and has once more.

been called to serve as an assistant superintendent in Although her grandfather has been taught to speak the Sunday School of the branch they attend. It is fluent English, he has failed to pass this teaching on

necessary for Grandfather to learn as much of the to his own children or grandchildren. Therefore, Aleta

gospel as possible, so he can convey these messages does not understand any English. However, when the

to the people in their own language. The missionconversations are going (Continued on page 302)

APRIL 1964 269 at 7:00 p.m. night with meeting members on MIA Successful family classes

re- 8:00 p.m. group this purpose. the same At for

class in genealogy. This arrangein Genealogy mained for the family

ment has proved highly successful. A total of 87

persons have enrolled for the dinner and lessons; and

the average attendance is in the 50's and 60's. At

Official provision was made for the teaching of gene- 8:00 o'clock others may join the group for the

alogy in each ward on MIA night, beginning in class discussion.

September, 1963. In a letter signed by President N. To make the discussion more vital to those who,

Eldon Tanner, then president of the Genealogical come, the instructors devote a portion of each class

Society, these points were emphasized. period to an examination of the pedigree of one or

1. Constant and concentrated publicity should be more class members. A demonstration is given of

given this class, so that every adult ward member is what helps are available in the archives and library given an opportunity to attend. of the Genealogical Society, with clear indications of

2. Priesthood quorum members and their wives the exact steps to be taken to find help in the family

should be given special invitation by bishoprics and groups, books and films at the Genealogical Society.

quorum leaders to attend these classes in order to Human interest experiences and life story incidents learn more about genealogy. of ancestors are introduced to appeal to the others

3. This genealogical family class, while being held whose pedigrees are not being demonstrated on that

on MIA night, is not an MIA class, but is under the particular night.

direction of the ward bishop. At an early class in the course the bishop told of

During the months since then family classes in genealogy have been held in virtually all wards, with varying success. Reports show some outstanding

classes with fifty to sixty or more regularly attending, but far too many show only a limited few participating. In these latter cases, not enough help is being ITIrFpf

given this class in genealogy by the teachers and ward officials. Priesthood bearers are not being sufficiently

impressed by their bishoprics with the privilege of attending these classes regularly to obtain expert help in their genealogical and temple work. In these classes Pertinent Questions

they may learn how to trace their ancestry successfully.

year, representatives of Since January 1st of this Answered

Society,the of the First Genealogical by appointment

Presidency, have been attending stake conferences.

In each conference they have given a challenge to the stake president, as follows:

"During 1964 at least 10% of our Stake membership will be attending genealogical education programs such as the MIA Family Class, Sunday School Class,

B.Y.U. Classes, Stake Genealogical Classes, etc."

With each stake president and each bishop and those laboring under their direction assuming full responsibility for the success of genealogical and temple work, this challenge can unquestionably be met, even surpassed.

With 10% of the ward popidation attending genealogical classes, there is a great challenge to the teacher to make the lessons and class demonstrations minimmm.

interesting, vital and helpful to the members who attend. He will, of course, teach under the guidance n n

Spirit, precept, the imand by exampleof the Holy GENEALOGY in the lesson manual. significant factsportant and most

More important still, he will make personal application of the truths taught to the individual needs of the class members. The successful genealogical instructors are doing just this. They are teaching the

people as well as teaching the lessons.

Examples are available of how this can be done.

A somewhat unique approach is being made in

Bonneville Ward, Bonneville Stake. An MIA study

group ivas holding a weekly dinner, inviting in special speakers to address the group after the dinner.

The bishop suggested that the dinners be continued

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

his genealogical experience in gathering genealogy in the journal of her father, which she had just printed.

Switzerland, when he was there on a mission. His Several nonmembers of the Church attend. These

wife proved to be a descendant of Joseph Young, too have pedigrees, so they have been given guidance brother of President Brigham Young., A manuscript in how they can go to the library and find records on

was brought to light in the handwriting of Fannie their direct lines. As they engage in actual research

Young, their sister, which told of many incidents in the their interest in the Church naturally is intensified.

life of their father and grandfather, hitherto unknown A member from another ward took advantage of to them. The superintendent of the ward Sunday the class. He was a former official in the Internal

School was there to receive information on his pioRevenue Service, experienced in checking the accuneer pedigree, and showed the class many family racy of the records, but now retired. He had spent

group records he had compiled. The high priests much time in the Genealogical Society Library, and

group leader and his wife, his first counselor and had come to a standstill on his paternal line. With a

wife, and other leading ward members and priesthood little help he was directed to parish registers, wills officials also attend. A number of the class were found and about a dozen visitation pedigrees all tracing back

to be closely related to others in this same class to a common ancestor about 500 years ago. There is

group. It was surprising how many were connected, material to keep him busy for years.

either through direct descent or marriage from the Other family classes are having similar gratifying signers of the Declaration of Independence. It was success. We invite you to send accounts of your sucpossible to trace many pedigrees back to lines of cesses and the manner in which desirable results are

nobility and royalty, where much genealogy was availbeing obtained. Your experiences may be helpful

able. One sister appealingly presented excerpts from and encouraging to others.

*fWWfW?WfWwf

QUESTION: A friend maintains vigorously that when a woman is for tracing the lines of both their father and mother.

sealed for eternity to her husband, she belongs henceIt is entirely appropriate for the husband and wife and forth to his family, and no longer to her father's children to cooperate fully in the search.

family. He says she has no further responsibility in

research and temple work toward her father's progeniQUESTION:

tors. Is this true? How can I gain access to the valuable genealogical

information found in the headings of patriarchal

ANSWER: blessings?

No. Daughters are sealed to their parents for eternity,

just as wives are sealed to their husbands for eternity. ANSWER:

One sealing is just as binding, just as enduring, as the A published statement printed over the signature of other. Daughters occupy the relationship of daughter Joseph Fielding Smith, Church Historian and General

to the father and mother forever, in the patriarchal Church Recorder, gives this explanation: "COPIES

family chain. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught: OF BLESSINGS may be obtained from the Office of

"If you have power to seal on earth and in heaven, the Church Historian at a charge of twentyfive cents then we should be wise. The first thing you do, go each under the following conditions: a member may

and seal on earth your sons and daughters unto yourobtain his/her own blessing, his/her husband's or self, and yourself unto your fathers in eternal glory."wife's or his/her children's. Blessings given to others

( Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p*. 340. will be copied only upon submission of their written

Wilford Woodruff, as President of the Church, propermission. Blessings given to deceased ancestors will

claimed in general conference, April 8, 1894, "We not be copied."

want the Latterday Saints from this time to trace The Church Historian's Office has performed a their genealogies as far as they can, and to be sealed monumental task of making a complete card index to their fathers and mothers. Have children sealed to all patriarchal blessings, and on each card is ento their parents, and run this chain through as far as tered the genealogical facts given in the patriarchal

you can get it. This is the will of the Lord to blessing for that person. Happily, this card index has

his people."now been microfilmed, and a copy is in the Church

The husband is responsible for tracing his ancestry, Genealogical Library, and before long will be catathe wife for tracing hers; their children are responsible loged and made available to the public.

APRIL 1964 271 BY LUISE SHERIDAN

#.rT'C:"I

II, 'V V

M

h

) M

When the World's Fair opens in April a great statue followed by the large silver medal for a small basof Christ will stand tall in the LDS pavilion. Towerrelief of a sleeping cupid, still preserved at the

ing twelve feet and weighing some nine tons, the academy. For extra money he sold plaster medallions.

marble statue is the work of an Italian sculptor, Aldo At twentyone, the tall blond competed for the gold

Rebechi, and is a replica of the original Christus, medal. The prospect so frightened him he literally

which was carved by the famous nineteenth century walked out once. Encouraged by one of his professors

Danish artist Bertel Thorvaldsen. to try, he returned to produce a sketch which was

Bertel Thorvaldsen was born in obscurity and approved and within two months he had finished the poverty to an Icelandic woodcarver and his wife, a basrelief, Peter Healing the Lame Man. When he

Jutland peasant, sometime between 1768 and 1773 was twentytwo, he was awarded the great gold near Copenhagen. medal which provided a threeyear travel scholarship

An abandoned canal boat was young Bertel's first to Rome. He did not go to Rome immediately, but

home, and his mother's spinning wheel his favorite remained several years in Denmark where life became toy. At an early age he gathered shavings from the a little easier for him. He had a room of his own

shipyard for firewood, and when a storm washed where he could model clay, play the flute and violin, away the shavings piled outside the small boat, he and romp with his dog. He was admitted to the

was thrashed. Literary Dramatic Society and kept busy painting

He was young when he went to work in the shipportraits, fashioning mirror frames and vignettes for yards to help his father. At the time, ships were in booksellers, and sculpting small marbles for clients.

great demand for use by the American Revolutionary In spite of parental protests, in 1796 he boarded forces. As Bertel worked, the ship owners noticed the navy frigate Thetis for Rome. Rome was in turhis extraordinary talent and urged his father to enrol moil, for Napoleon had wrenched the pope from St.

him in the Arts Academy. At first, his father refused Peter's. Bertel began to visit public and private art

but finally compromised by allowing him to attend collections and, before they were carted off to Paris, the academy half a day. had a glimpse of the Apollo and Laocoon. He was

Destiny smoldered in this quiet, melancholy elevenwoefully lacking in general education, but, stimulated yearold. Along with molding and sketching he by history and mythology, the sleeping giant began to

helped his father carve wood at home. At seventeen read and study.

he was awarded his first silver medal for merit, to be Though his stipend was renewed twice to lengthen

BERTEL THORVALDSEN: CREATOR OF CHRISTUS

The Tltorvaldsen Museum in Copenhagen, Denmark.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 273 his stay in Rome, he was continually plagued by lack Many of Europe's great came to his studio to be of funds, recurrent sieges of malaria fever, and insculpted—kings and princes, artists and writers. Among

ability to sell his works. To make a little extra money them was Sir Walter Scott who, lacking in language to

he began to copy pictures for popular dealers. converse, would manage to smile and say, "Charme!

At last, funds depleted and unable to sell his works, plaisir! heureux,"Young Byron, who preferred to be

he prepared to leave Rome. Then fate stepped in. melancholy, came, and his statue, refused by WestSir Thomas Hope, a wealthy Englishman, saw his minster Abbey, now rests in Trinity College Library

work Jason Returning with the Golden Fleece, liked it, in Dublin.

and commissioned him to make a copy for which he Thorvaldsen loved classic sculpture and mythoadvanced three hundred pounds. The tall, blueeyed logical subjects. One of his greatest works, Alexander's

Danish sculptor became a favorite of Rome. His Triumphant Entry into Babylon, a 125foot-long frieze

studio was visited by lowly and great. Kings, noblein honor of Napoleon which took three months to

men, and artists became his friends. It became necescomplete, is in the Quirinal Palace in Rome. His

sary for his servants to shelter him from admirers and works are in many places in Europe. By 1820 he had

visitors. The king of Bavaria so often insisted that nearly forty sculptors and masons employed in his

Bertel go for a ride in his carriage or to lunch that workshop. One of his moving works is the Night and

Thorvaldsen remarked, "I wish that king would go Morning, companion pieces done in a passion of and reign. I have work to do."creative energy. Then there is the worldfamous

The plainly dressed, unpretentious artist, though Lion of Lucerne. The lion, dying, with broken spear

blunt in speech, was free of envy or jealousy. He was in his side, still protects the shield bearing the Bourbon

charitable, gentle, and courteous. His long yellow fleurde-lis with his paw. The lion is cut in a rocky,

hair hung to his shoulders, framing his handsome face sandstone wall in a Swiss garden and measures 28 feet and skyblue eyes. long and 18 feet high. It is a tribute to the gallant

Medals and honors from Russia, Germany, Italy, Swiss Guards who fell while guarding Louis XVI in

France, and the Vatican were kept in a case. Hans 1792. People all over Europe contributed funds for

Christian Andersen, his close friend, described him as "a great artist, a man of simple and healthful disposition and a goodly share of humor."Andersen visited

his studio frequently to try out new stories on his countryman. Occasionally, Thorvaldsen found time to

play a duet with his friend, Felix Mendelssohn.

Many of Europe's great came to his studio to be the making of this statue, including the king of

Prussia and the czar of Russia.

In 1819, Thorvaldsen was requested by the building commission of Copenhagen to execute a great statue of Christ, originally intended for the altar of the

Court Chapel but later placed in the Cathedral

Church of Our Lady in Copenhagen.

The idea of the Christus challenged and overwhelmed him. He wanted the grand image to represent Christ as the Incarnate Son of God—glorified by

sacrifice and resurrection. Five models were rejected

before the sixth, the "right"one emerged and Thorvaldsen exclaimed, "Now I have it—thus it must be!"

This work was to be his alone. He would not allow

his students to touch it. The great expenditure of

time and energy depleted him and left him depressed.

In 1828, the plaster cast was placed before the altar of the church (pending the arrival of the marble statue.) Astonished onlookers marked the matchless

grandeur and sublimity of the Christ. Later the figures

of the Twelve Apostles, designed by Thorvaldsen and executed by his students, were placed to march along the nave of the cathedral.

For many the Christus is Thorvaldsen's greatest work. The tall, statuesque marble figure of the Risen

Christ appears before his bewildered disciples with the salutation, "Peace be with you."The Man of Galilee

stands with his head slightly inclined, his rich, full hair falling gently over his shoulders. His face is

sublime. His outstretched arms, hands pierced, draw

men toward him. Feelings of awe and reverence stir

within the beholder. Beneath the image is carved the

divine invitation: "Come unto me."Leonardo de

Vinci's Last Supper may have influenced Thorvaldsen in his statue, a Christ of beauty and glory.

In 1838, after 42 years, Thorvaldsen left Rome for the last time after a farewell banquet given in his honor. His mother and father were dead. Fame had

touched him. Crowds lined the harbor of Copenhagen the foggy day he landed. As he stepped into a

small boat to reach the land, it was reported a beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky. In triumph he was

conducted to the Charlottenburg Palace where a room was fitted for him by the king.

Next to the palace, the king gave him land for a museum to house his vast collection of over two hundred large statues and basreliefs in plaster and marble, his medals and sketches, and his books and coins. Thorvaldsen designed the simple, solid buildinskyThis marbleby Thorvaldsen,statue of Princess1818, givesMariaa characteristicFeodorowna Bariatpicture

ing, its outside walls colorfully depicting his glorious of the female ideal of that time.

reception on his return to his native city

The passing of Thorvaldsen had a touch of the Crowning the Thorvaldsen Museum is this bronze sculpture dramatic. The winter of 1843 found him in his early Danishof the goddesssculptor ofH. victoryV. Bissen,in aandchariot,based executedpartly on bydrawthe

seventies, depressed and (Continued on page 307) ings by Thorvaldsen.

APRIL 1964 275 EARLY "MORMON"AMERICA HISTORIC SITES TO VISIT WHILE ON YOUR WORLD'S FAIR VACATION

The Prophet Joseph Smith's Birthplace Near Sharon in Windsor County,

Vermont.

Turn off Vermont lb, onehalf mile south of South Royalton, or 4% miles north of Sharon. Signs indicate road.

Birthplace of Brigham Young Whitingham, Southern Vermont.

East on Vermont 9 from Bennington, or west on Vermont 9 from Brattleboro, to

Wilmington. South on Vermont 112 to

Jacksonville. West on Vermont 100 to

Whitingham. Monument near summit

of hill in Town Hill Recreational area.

MAINE #Hill Cumorah Upstate New York.

Interstate 90 east from Buffalo, or west from Syracuse to Manchester. Northabout 7 miles on N. Y. 21. The annual

Hill Cumorah Pageant will be July 27Aug. 1, 196b.

fj|P Smith Home and Sacred Grove

N. Y. 21 north from Hill Cumorah IY4

miles; west at intersection one mile;

\ 1 north one mile to Smith home. Sacred

Grove % mile west of house.

Palmyra..A * From Smith home follow Stafford Street

to Palmyra Main Street. Turn right

three blocks on Main Street to "Four

Corners"(where there is a church on each corner). Continue IY3 blocks east

to Exchange Building, south side of street, where Book of Mormon was first printed.

Marker identifies Martin Harris farm,

IY2 miles north of "Four Corners"

Wjb Peter Whitmer Farm Near Waterloo, New York.

itCRGIA Short distance south from Waterloo on

N. Y. 96. Marker indicates turnoff.

Susquehanna River

Near New YorkPennsylvania Border.

FLORIDA From Binghamton, New York east on

N. Y. 17 to Windsor, south on N. Y. 79

(changes to Penn. 92 at border). Exact

location is not known. (Continued)

Early "Mormon"America (Continued)

fUP Harmony Township Winter Quarters

South on Penn. 92 from New Y orkPennsylvania Florence, Nebraska.

border to Oakland. West on Penn. 70 two to three North on U. S. 75 (INT 29) from Council Bluffs to

miles. Marker indicates McKune Cemetery, site of Crescent; west on U. S. 280 over Mormon Pioneer

old home of the Prophet Joseph and Emma Smith, Memorial Bridge to Florence (north of Omaha). Piowest of cemetery between road and railroad tracks. neer park marker, 30th and State Streets; Winter

Monument commemorates Aaronic Priesthood restoQuarters Cemetery, State Street and North Ridge ration nearby. Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery Drive. Winter Quarters from Omaha, 30th Street

were baptized in the Susquehanna River in this area. north to State Street.

Kirtland, Ohio |*P Chimney Rock and Scottsbluff

., QTwentyfive miles east of Cleveland, Ohio. West on Western Nebraska.

Interstate 80 from Erie, Pennsylvania to the KirtWest on U. S. 30 from North Platte to Ogallala; U. S.

land exit. 26 to Bridgeport. Chimney visible most of the way between Bridgeport and Bayard. Scottsbluff is on

U. S. 26. (Up Nauvoo Western Illinois. fP Rebecca Winters Grave

Illinois 96, 15 miles north from Hamilton and 9 miles Near Scottsbluff, Western Nebraska.

south from Neola. LDS Bureau of Information is at East on U. S. 26 from Scottsbluff; south on west side

the Temple Block, corner of Wells and Mulholland of Great Western Sugar Factory, crossing Burlingin Nauvoo. ton RR tracks; east through gate, follow trail across

pasture, over bridge and irrigation ditch. Grave is

about Y4 mile beyond bridge on north side of railroad HI Carthage tracks. Illinois 136, eleven miles east of Hamilton. Directions

to jail on marker near west end of business district.

fg|f Fort Laramie About 50 miles northwest on U. S. 26 from Scottsbluff,

%j0 Independence Nebraska, toward Casper, Wyoming. LDS chapel, office and mission home at Walnut and

Pleasant.

Temple lot, across street from Reorganized Church |J| Register Cliffs and Old Trail Ruts

Auditorium, Corner of Walnut and River. Near Guernsey, Eastern Wyoming.

Register Cliffs South from Guernsey over North

Platte River bridge about % mile; follow left turn

%jfy Liberty iy4 miles to cattle guard; turn left into field. About

On U. S. 71; 13 miles north of Independence. Liberty Y2 mile to marker and Register Cliffs.

Jail is on Main Street just north of Mississippi Street. Mormon Trail Ruts West 2/2 mile on south side of

North Platte River bridge, left about % mile. Ruts

flyP Adamondi-Ahman are several yards east of crevice.

Daviess County, 80 miles north of Independence.

U. S. 69 from Liberty to Altmont, Mo. 6 to Gallatin, fjffif Fort Casper Independence Rock

Mo. 13 north towards Jameson about 6Y2 miles where Devil's Gate Martin's- Willie's Markers

a marker points west to Adamondi-Ahman. Other South Pass, Central Wyoming.

signs lead to summit overlooking valley. From Fort Casper and old Mormon Ferry, (Casper,

Wyoming) southwest on Wyo. 220 about 50 miles

left. Few beyond, PI Garden Grove and Mount Pisgah towardmiles furtherMuddy Devil'sGap. IndependenceGate on, right;Rockshortlyon

Southern Iowa. Martin Cove marker on right. U. S. 287 from Muddy

From Missouri north on U. S. 69. Gap to junction at Little Popo Agie River; Wyo. 28

Garden Grove 60 miles south of Des Moines near southwest over South Pass (Continental Divide) to

U. S. 69. Farson, and south to Rock Springs.

Mt. Pisgah 18 or 19 miles west of U. S. 69 on U. S.

Fort Bridger 3%, off main highway two miles. P Southwestern Wyoming.

Council Bluffs West on U.S. 3030 S from Rock Springs about 70 Western Iowa. miles; east from Evanston about 30 miles.

The New York World's Fair can he described only in superlatives. So also must be described the participation in the fair by The Church of Je|us Christ of

Latterday Saints.

On April 22, when the gates of the fair open, the

Church through its world's fair pavilion, will acquaint those who come with our true image: with who and

what we are and what we believe, especially those on the eastern seaboard, the area from which the great majority of visitors will come.

MK Architects and other critics have told us that we have the most beautiful pavilion at the fair. Exhibit

materials, designed to generate wide interest, consist of outstanding works of art, telling the story of ChrisTHE CHURCH

AT THE NEW YORK WORLD'S FAIR BY BERNARD W, BROCKBANK MANAGING DIRECTOR OF THE WORLD'S FAIR PAVILION THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

BKm::. BJjhw--"-'m

tianity and of the restored Church founded in this approach a door, knock, and gain admittance. In

hemisphere through the Prophet Joseph Smith. many places in New York there must be an invitation

Conservative estimates place the potential number before one even approaches the doorman at the of visitors to the Mormon pavilion at 5,000,000 during main entrance.

the 360 days the fair will be open in 1964 and 1965. Serving to help our visitors as guides and teachers

The fair, among other things, provides the Church will be young men assigned from the Eastern States with the first big opportunity to tell its story to a subMission by President Wilburn C. West, who also is

stantial part of the many millions who occupy the assistant managing director of the pavilion. They are

"canyons"of apartments of greater New York City. being carefully trained to help the predicted flow of

In an area such as New York it is often impossible to 1,500 persons an hour through the pavilion. Special

Jesus teaches the multitude. Jesus in Gethsemane. Christ and Thomas. Jesus is crucified.

When Jesus was baptized by John, the On the shore of the

Spirit of God Sea of Galilee, descended upon him Jesus calls Peter and "like a dove."Andrew.

Pictures on these two pages are taken from the

World's Fair "Life of Christ Mural"and are by artist Sidney E. King.

Twelve scenes from the life of the Savior are depicted by the mural.

facilities are available for those who wish more "on the spot"information.

The Mormon pavilion is strategically located near the entrance that will be used by the majority of visitors to the fair. They will see the pavilion as soon

as they leave the subway or railroad cars to walk over a ramp into the fairgrounds. In fact, the pavilion

can be seen from virtually every area of the fairgrounds and from the superhighways that touch its perimeter.

Focal point of the pavilion is a replica of the tripletowered facade of the Salt Lake City Temple. The

main spire rises 127 feet, as high as a 12story building, and is topped by a goldleafed statue of the Angel

Moroni. Except for the Unisphere, the main tower

is the tallest structure at the fair.

Behind the towers will be an artificial cloud designed to provide the same inspiring view one so often gets while approaching the temple in Salt Lake 'And? I saw another angel flying through the midst of heaven

"This same Jesus... shall so come... as you have seen him go

* i i 1 t JUM pi -.

! ((BPiPP"

jar*

r>-

.*

Elder Richard L. Evan* of the Council of the Twelve and

Lowell Tliomas confer during a session in wliicli was recorded the narration for films to be shown at the fair.

A Guide to the New York World's Fair

The magnitude and beauty of the buildings and grounds of the New York World's Fair is shown in this photograph of a scale model. Some of the primary buildings are numbered on

the sketch to the left and listed below. The LDS Pavilion,

(1), occupies a prominent location near the railway station, (38), where many of the visitors to the fair will arrive and depart. It is also near the World's Fair Pavilion, (6). It is

estimated that at least a week would be required to see all the exhibits at the fair.

1. LDS Pavilion 22. International Plaza

2. Gas, Inc. 23. Lake Amusement Area

3. IBM 24. New York State

4. DuPont 25. Unisphere

5. National Cash Register 26. New York City

6. World's Fair Pavilion 27. General Motors

7. RCA 28. Travel Pavilion

8. ProtestantOrthodox 29. Port of New York

Center 30. Ford Motors

9. Spain 31. Hall of Science

10. Indonesia 32. United States

11. Republic of China 33. Mexico

12. Philippines 34. Ireland

13. Africa 35. Billy Graham

14. United Arab Republic 36. American Express

15. Japan 37. Singer Arena

16. Sermons from Science 38. World's Fair Railway

17. S. C. Johnson & Co. Station

18. Electric Power & Light 39. Maryland

19. Eastman Kodak 40. West Virginia

20. Belgium 41. Illinois

21. Vatican Pavilion 42. Montana

City on days when billowing clouds tower into the blue Passing into the gallery linking the twin halls, the sky. The towers are mirrored in a large reflection visitor will find two 110 by 8 foot murals. One depool that lies among everblooming sunken gardens picts twelve important scenes from the life and teachwhich, like the pavilion itself, have been planned to ings of Christ and the other shows twelve important

create a sacred, serene atmosphere in which families scenes in the history of The Church of Jesus Christ of may find rest and the opportunity to meditate. Latterday Saints. The strength of these two magBehind the towers lies the exhibition building, connificent murals prepares the visitor for his arrival in

sisting of twin halls linked by a 110foot gallery. This the west hall of the restoration room.

building is itself an architectural triumph from the First to be found in the restoration room is a diostandpoint of beauty and also because all structural rama showing the Prophet Joseph Smith as he offers components, except for the poured foundation, will prayer to God in the Sacred Grove. The first vision

be used for other church purposes after the fair diorama is filled with sacred beauty. Then one sees

closes in 1965. a dual diorama depicting Christ as he preaches the

The walls are prestressed concrete panels, each Sermon on the Mount in Jerusalem, and his appearweighing eleven tons. A rare white cement and an ance and preaching to his "other sheep,"the people

aggregate of white Utah onyx used in casting these of the New World. Also in the restoration room are a

panels resulted in surfaces of pristine grace. These symlife-size statue of Joseph Smith and a 20foot mural

metrical panels have a selfcontained finish that enillustrating "The Purpose of Life—Man's Search for

hances both the exterior and interior. Between,

below, and above these panels are unique insets of golden glass casting a golden, hallowed glow over the works of art in the exhibits.

Rising above the building are 80foot steel staffs between which will hang sails providing an evermoving backdrop for the towers.

Entering the east hall, the visitor first will see the dominating work of art of the fair: "The Christus."

This 12foot, nineton statue of Jesus Christ is a replica of the one sculptured in the early nineteenth century by the noted Danish artist, Bertel Thorvaldsen. The replica was carved of carrara marble by one

of today's great sculptors, Aldo Rebechi, in Florence, Italy. It rises from a fourfoot pedestal upon

which are engraved four significant scriptures from the teachings of Jesus from the four standard works all important to the happiness of man.

The very theme of the Mormon pavilion is "Man's

Search for Happiness,"happiness as distinguished from pleasure. Throughout the pavilion this theme

is illustrated by works of art, through use of the scriptures in other aspects, such as the films that will be shown.

After the first glimpse of "The Christus,"it is expected visitors will turn naturally to the right where they will find a statue of Adam and Eve. This statue

introduces the belief that Cod created man in his own image after his own likeness—that man is part

of God's family.

Also in this hall are to be found large canvases showing the ancient prophets and the apostles of

Jesus Christ. These newly created paintings relate to

scriptural texts to be found on the panels and to the rear of the large golden grilled tapestry screening "The Christus."

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Eternal Happiness,"the restoration of the priesthood by Peter, James, and John upon the head of the. Prophet Joseph Smith and the presentday

church organization.

Here, too, the Church is using the scriptures for the edification of man. God set forth the scriptures as a

program for man to follow so that he might obtain the most out of mortal life. As Paul said in Second Timothy:

"All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:

"That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works."(2 Tim. 3: 1617.

It is because of this that one of the films to be shown in the twin theaters off the gallery is devoted to the search for happiness and eternal life by the children of God who build their lives around the Holy ScripInformation to assist you in your plans to attend.

The fair opens April 22, and runs to October 18, 1964 and from April 21 to October 17, 1965. The

gates will be open at 9:30 am, and the exhibits will

close at 10:00 pm. Visitors can travel by taxi from

Manhattan to Flushing Meadows for about $4.00; by

helicopter for about $10.00; New York City's three

subways charge fifteen cents for transportation to the fairgrounds from any point in the system. Admission

will be $2.00 for adults and $1.00 for children (2-12).

Most exhibits are free, and there are 54 restaurants at the fair.

For a book on rates for 450 hotels and motels in the fair area, write to, Fair Housing Bureau, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York.

The Pageant at the Hill Cumorah will be held July 27 through August 1.

President N. Eldon Tanner, left, and

Elder Bernard P. Brockbank,

examine statue of Angel Moroni, made to stand atop the central spire of the replica east towers of the Salt Lake Temple.

APRIL 1964 285 The LDS Pavilion from the air during construction. tures. The other film presents its message in a setting

! f! m of song by the worldacclaimed Tabernacle Choir.

f- % As visitors enter one of the theaters, a film will be showing in the other theater, alternately, in order to conserve the time of fair goers. If there is a waiting

time for entering the theaters, visitors will see three revolving displays in the theater corridor. One concerns the tests of early Christianity, another the tests

of presentday Christianity as set forth by the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, and the third stresses again the theme of the pavilion: "Man's Search -for Happiness."

In the theaters will be seen backlighted, giantsized transparencies of color photographs of globewide church activities, including the building program and youth programs as they are effectively carried out in many places.

Breaking ground for the LDS Pavilion at the The exhibit has been developed under the directhree are World's Fair New York members of tion of President David O. McKay and the First

I) the (r to Council the Twelve of

Elder Harold B. Lee, Elder Delbert L. Stapley,

and Elder Ricliard L. Evans, and

Stewart Constable, fair vice president.

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Presidency, with Presidents Henry D. Moyle, Hugh B. of our efforts. What the Church is doing aids more

Brown, and N. Eldon Tanner serving as counselors, than itself, for it adds to the qualities that will make

successively, and by a World's Fair Committee, and this great international undertaking a success.

others working under their direction. A year ago, Flushing Meadows resembled a sea of

The committee includes: Harold B. Lee, chairman; mud upon which had been scattered huge jackstraw

Mark E. Petersen; Delbert L. Stapley; Richard L. dumps. Now as opening day approaches, the scene

Evans; Bernard P. Brockbank, managing director; there bears out the unwavering conviction of Robert

Wilburn C. West, assistant managing director; G. Moses, president of the World's Fair Corporation, that

Stanley McAllister; George H. Mortimer; James B. everything will be ready when the gates open to

Conkling; Robert N. Sears; Isaac M. Stewart; Belle the public.

S. Spafford. Radiating out from the magnificent stainless steel

Others whose services we acknowledge include: Unisphere created by US Steel, are buildings of many

David W. Evans, coordinator of exhibits; Harold W. sizes and shapes and built of many types of materials,

Burton, advisory architect; Fordyce & Hamby Assosome of which were not even known to man a decade

ciates, New York, architect; George A. Fuller Company, ago. What has been created at the fair is certain

New York, building constructors. Irving T. Nelson has to influence architecture and building methods in

supervised the landscaping. A local New York comthe decades ahead.

mittee, including Kenneth H. Beesley and James Building of many structures and installation of

Lavenstein, working with Presidents McAllister and

Mortimer has done able and appreciated service in some special assigned tasks. Acknowledgment is made

also of the services of Robert R. Mullen and associates, W. O. Whitaker and associates, Paul Evans

and associates. Many, many others, artists, artisans,

and engineers, photographers, writers, consultants, and others in New York, Salt Lake City, and in many places across the country and beyond from Los

Angeles to Italy have made significant contributions, including lighting, sound specifications, motion pictures, printed materials, and ideas and suggestions of numerous and unnamed kinds.

An identifying sign that has appeared in front of the exhibit during the construction period reads in part: Pavilion of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints (Mormon) This exhibit will portray man's search for happiness with the gospel as the way of life.

The design, construction, exhibits, and all that has gone into this building have resulted in making it a hallowed, sacred place.

LDS participation in the fair goes beyond the pavilion. The Tabernacle Choir will appear and sing

at the fair Utah Day, July 24, and its broadcast of

Sunday, July 26, will originate from the Music Hall at the Texas Pavilion, chosen because of its acoustics and other facilities. Workmen set prefabricated concrete

Approximately three hundred Singing Mothers from sectionswalls of whichthe exhibitionform the the eastern states will give concerts in June. Other building. After the fair

special events for the fair are in the planning stage. inthesethe willconstructionbe used of

Fair representatives have been lavish in their praise other church buildings in the east.

APRIL 1964 287 Pictures on these pages are from the Church History Mural, painted by artists Harold T. Kilbourn

of Salt Lake City and Alexander Rosenfield of Los Angeles.

Right: The boy

Joseph Smith in the Sacred Grove.

Far right: Burning

of homes and mobbing of church members in Missouri.

Below: Organization

of the Church in Fayette, New York, April 6, 1830.

Below right: The

martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith at Carthage Jail, June 27, 18U.

utilities required peak use of 6,500 men with a multidesign will fascinate the viewer. Every moment in

tude of skills. Thousands more have been at work the fair can be full of excitement and growth. The

building the new highways that will help visitors billion dollar fair is full of the achievements of reach the fair—highways that will serve also to allemen today.

viate some of the traffic problems besetting Long There will be many pavilions, 51 countries, 24

Island residents. states, and 8 religions represented The fair covers

The Unisphere symbolizes the shrinking globe, the over 640 acres.

increased communication between men everywhere, As Mr. Moses recently told Neivsiveek:

and the fair's theme: "Peace through Understanding.""A fair is everything for everybody from everyAll of the showman's techniques are used by exwhere—temples of religion, wonders of states, indushibitors to provide a spectacular appraisal of where tries, new nations, pageants, universities, Olympic

man has been, where he is, and where he is going as Games of Progress, the Space Age, Ringling's Circus, a result of increasing knowledge. harmony, and chaos. You name it. We shall have it."

A twelve billion candle power beam of light, visible While the Mormon pavilion will be a serene place, for hundreds of miles, will penetrate the atmosphere. it is.designed to have visitors come in carefree, but

The world's largest fountain will burst into a brilliantly to leave it with sincere desire to search further the synchronized symphony of water patterns, color, way of life suggested by the scriptures and Jesus music, and fireworks; a 610 bell carillon will provide Christ, through which they may gain eternal life

inspiring music. Buildings of beauty and unusual and happiness.

.:

mg\ Pioneer Interest in the Drama

(Continued from page 265)

which he cut out and pasted on cardboard... and no doubt in this

little play theatre he acquired the love for the drama and for music which later... placed him at the head

of the Salt Lake Theatre orchestra."8

Still another pioneer recalled seeing Macbeth played by Macready in England: "After Macbeth has

murdered Duncan, and he stands appalled at what he has done, looking with horror upon his bloody hands, a loud knocking is heard at the castle door. Macbeth says, as he

goes out to wash his hands—

thy knockWhy Bigelow is specified for 'Wake Duncan with ing! I would thou couldst.'If I

so many Mormon church buildings: were to live a hundred years, I could

Gropoint Director, above, is one reason. they improve the building's appearance not forget the manner in which Mr.

Sturdy. Longwearing. Impressive in—they are excellent absorbers of sound. Macready used to pronounce those

color. This heavyduty tweed is woven Bigelow Carpets are ideal for the home, words. Grief, remorse, despair were

of finest in all expressed dewools, selected imported a loud cry which buildas well. every public In fact—for

trafparticularlysigned for use where the heart."ing, can rent every has or home, Bigelow

fic is heaviest. customcreate the perfect carpet. We've Three bits of evidence which

Gropoint Director is one of a group of done it since 1825, cropped up in the Salt Lake City

Bigelow Carpets with quality befitting newspapers give further credence to

Mormon church buildings. Not only do Bigelow"* RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825 the idea that these Mormons from

England were interested in the theater. An anonymous writer in the

Deseret News records an experience his interest in Shakeshows MAKE which speare in London. He writes:

"In London, a few years ago, HOME Charles Kean got up a series of

Shakespearean representations—we STUDY believe he called them revivals.... YOUR We had the pleasure of visiting LonNEAREST don at that time and saw the perFRIEND formance of 'Henry the Eighth,'he

playing Cardinal Wolsey and Mrs.

Kean taking the part of Queen Katherine."10

And a News critic commented that Madame Scheller's Ophelia was the "finest and most chaste presentation of the character that he had seen either in the United

States or Europe."11

critic of the Lyon, early John NAME PLEASE SEND also Telegraph, Daily been 12 had

FREE ADDRESS acquainted with actors and theaters in England. "We had,"he said, HOME STUDY CITY STATE "seen Hamlet by Kean, Sullivan,

CATALOG TO... TO: HOME STUDY. Briqham Younq University, Provo, Utah and the greatest artists of the English stage."13

This interest in the drama by YOU CAN RENT IT! "THE BEST IN THE WEST"English converts was at least in part

TRAVEL WITH US responsible for "devotion to dramatic will enjoy conditions, pioneer in a amid

FAIR TOUR art HOWE RENTS A WORLD'SYou national history day age in and with SALES AND RENTALS VIDA FOX CLAWSON I 216 So. 13th East Salt Lake City DA 8-0303Salt Lake City, Utah South State 4860055 2375

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA --*8L

GEORGE A. FULLER COMPANY

New York Boston Chicago Pittsburgh Washington

Hartford Los Angeles Dallas

INDUSTRIAL PLANTS HOSPITALS LABORATORIES OFFICE

BUILDINGS SCHOOL AND COLLEGE BUILDINGS CHURCHES

HOTELS BANKS ARENAS HOUSING THEATERS

TERMINALS STORES AND SHOPPING CENTERS

BROADCASTING STUDIOS MONUMENTAL BUILDINGS

GENERAL CONTRACTORS FOR THE

PAVILION OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

AT THE NEW YORK WORLD'S FAIR when the stage was regarded with ence from Xauvoo and from EngChurch Moves On universal disapproval by the elite of land came together in the Salt Lake

American society."11 Theatre in the persons of Thomas A. (Continued from page 250)

The first three years after their Lyne and Phil Margetts. On March

arrival in this land of desolation, the 12, 1867, they were playing Richard Bethesda, Maryland.

III, that the pioneers so busily play enwere AdamsMormon George J. "The First Presidency announces in in Philafor the presented preparing andgaged land had Lyne

cultivation, in erecting their log delphia. Lyne once again enacted the Lion House cafeteria and

will center close 31, March III; in role of Phil the the houses, Richardcabin providing Marsocial and

indefinite 1964, for of period an life of gettsnecessities part of the that they Mayor. took Lord found

time,"brief the reread statement to to theselittle time 17, 1867, Again the drama. devote on December

today. leased has Lion The House in III events, in RichardSubsequent however, show two men appeared

as social operating been a center interest roles. these in thethat theater inthe two Between same was the direction of under the Young in participated English theycreased converts performances, by these Mutual AsImprovement Women's

as Salt to the Macbetli, with Macbeth Lyne came Lake Valley.who sociation. building The was erected

first as witch. In the Deseret 1850 the AsDramatic Margetts and in 1855 President by Brigham Young

sociation largely organized was and S. Lindsay, used Mormons Hie and 'John throughout by him

of thefrom his Brass members Nauvoo Salt the Theatre, Lake City, Century lifetime.

ofBand, including 4-5. 1 "many whom, Printing Co., 1905, pp.

Pyper, of Romance -George D. The Pitt, leader,the William conwere 1964 an MARCH

Salt City, Deseret Playhouse, Lake Old Pitt'sverts English band. from senior junior all- 5-6. and the The Lindsay, Press, p. 25; 1937, News pp. Hall, in Social erected 1852, was Salt History Tullidge, of basketball W. Edward tournaments Church

the building in which the first Lake City, Salt Lake City, Edward W. began play in Salt Lake City. Last

proprietor, in Publisher Tullidge, Salt 1890, and playShakespearean Lake a devotional evening program was 741. p. It presented. inCity contained was

! in the for Salt held Tabernacle Lake R. A. and Waller, CamWard A. W. of the stagea niche a bust above all, their friends. the players Literature, In English and bridge History New of

Shakespeare which an unknown York, G. C. Putnam and Sons, 1917, XIII, sixtyfour teams, representing some

person had brought across the plains pp. 283284. four thousand teams that had played

"'Richard Evans, L. of Mor- A Century proox team. first recordedby The stakes the during the season, were Britain, City, in Salt in Great Lakeduction of a Shakespearean play to the ninetyfour play tournament Press, in monismDeseret p. 245. 1937, News

Social Hall was Othello, produced "Tullidge, op. cit., p. 737. games. The games were to be

soon after the hall was dedicated on vPyper, op. cit., pp. 153154. played at LibertyWells, Park, River156. p. 1, 1853. BernardJanuary Snow in side, Salt Rose and Park gyms

"Patrick Henrv's of SpeakHind.,!, T. P., Way title role.played the Othello was City. final Semifinal Lake and Contributor, ing,"The (1893). pp. XV

a in Socialpresented time second the at scheduled were Unigames 595598.

Hall on March 12, 1856, when '"Deseret News, April 1, 1869. versity of Utah fieldhouse.

William Chanless, a visitor, was Ihid., June 5, 1868.

favorably impressed with the char12Ila Fisher Maughan, A History of Utah State University Sixth

Staging Hie and Business Methods of senior allChurch Ward won theacterizations Iago, of Othello and Association 18521869 Deseret Dramatic basketball defeating tournament by rolethe Berformer portrayed by thesis, of (Unpublished Department 6458; Eighth, ( CaliMurray Lomita University Speech, of Utah, 1949), the latternard and pp. Snow by W.

fornia) third placed over Roosevelt 191192, 205.H. Wilson.

1 ''Daily (fifth Telegraph, 1864. 8880 21, a with place) Third December in interest early This Shakespeare 1 Neff, History Utah, 'Andrew Love of score; Fork Twelfth American placed Salt thegained when momentum Salt Press, City, Deseret 1940, Lake News (consolation) fourth over South

602. built 1862. p. in TheatreLake was

7452. Second, South Jordan Jordan cit., op. 15Pyper, 41. p. after the yearsOnly completion two

of this playhouse, "Father John"'Ibid.,Daily DecemberTelegraph, 12,December1864. 3, 1864. Secondship trophy.was awarded the sportsmanreferring to a ShakespeareanLyon,

alljunior the Douglas Ward won inplay, the Daily Telegraph: wrote basketball tournament Church by

it "If as will played hope we 4442. defeating Bonneville Ward

itbe, will for the pave more way are Bonneville teams from Both thatof Shakespeare, kind and for ) ( Salt Stake. City This Lake was HARK! isof there considercommodity first in the time the tournament's

call."16able first that the second and BY MARY E. FORBES history

In another article, the same critic place team were from the same

Salt of theurged the management defeated the Both teams had There is music in the ivoodlands, stake.Lake Theatre to bring more dramas the season. other twice during Oakby the great authors: "The deterThere is music on the hills, land Third ( California ) placed third

mination of the management to place It is sounding in the meadoivs, with a 6563 score over Bountiful us in the first rank is appreciated by It is singing in the rills. Fourteenth (fifth place). Panguitch

the patrons of the theatre, and we It is humming in the branches, North won over Cardston (Alberta, yet to recordhope many successful 5351, for the fourth (conCanada), in the favorite pieces of It is coming up the street,triumphs solation) places. Cincinand sixth

the great authors."17 It's the music of the dancing nati (Ohio) won the sportsmanIn 1867 the two streams of influOf Spring's feet. ship trophy.

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MR. FREDERICK DAVIS, Conductor of the famed SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

MORMON CHOIR, proudly seated at the Yamaha Grand Piano.

Director Davis is one more recognized musical authortural integrity have made it the choice of conservaity and artist who appreciates the superb qualities of tories and universities around the world, as well as an

Yamaha pianos. Certainly, his opinion is based on his approved purchase by Wards and Stakes throughout the

wide musical experience both within and without the Mormon community.

Mormon community. Certainly, a Yamaha upright or grand is an ideal

As with so many fine musicians, Mr. Davis'musical piano for the home, Ward cultural hall, chapel, junior

ear responds to Yamaha's superb tone, magnificent Sunday school, Relief Society rooms, and other church resonance, and clean, responsive action. Qualities that uses.

only exacting craftsmanship can build into a fine We are indeed proud that an artist of Mr. Davis'

musical instrument for the home or church. stature recognizes the superiority of the Yamaha piano,

That same craftsmanship is responsible for the reand equally proud when Mormon churches specify markable durability of the Yamaha piano. Its ability to the Yamaha quality piano for its performance and

retain perfect tune for extended periods and its strucdurability.

Since 1887 Write direct for free helpful literature and specifications:

1224 So. San Pedro St., Los Angeles 15, Calif, or 150 Fifth Ave., New York, New York YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

APRIL 1964 293 IN YOUR HOME IN YOUR CHAPEL... Good, the Enemy of the Best?

Continued from page 267

instructed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are expedient for you to understand;

"Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and under the earth;

things which have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things which are at

home, things which are abroad; the

tions, the are judgments and which PRATT & LAMBERT wars and the perplexities of the naland; also on the and a knowledge

of countries and of kingdoms—

"That ye may be prepared in all things when I shall send you again

Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decoto magnify the calling whereunto rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt I have called you, and the mission

& Lambert paints and varnishes. with which I have commissioned

SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. you."Colleges(Ibid.,and88:7880.)universities are great

Intermountain Center of the "Decorating Area"repositories of knowledge on many 330 East 4th South subjects, including those mentioned local Pratt—Salt Lake City, Utah Lambert dealer &—See your

above. The individual student can

prepare himself for a profession in field and can prepare himself to CHI'S TOURS any

it If desires. IN so FAIR time if WORLD'S he same YORK NEW $50 to April 12 to May 4, serve the Lord effectively at the By Chartered FOR OPENING DAY for to possible four one devote Bus. were April to 18 April 27,

to university JET, years subjects FAIR to the BY YORK WORLD'S IN NEW$500 CASH! York. Washington, See D. C, New exclusion learning, acof all gospel Lfor your to July 5, 12 church June

school club Featuring World's Fair tivity, and service and then devote

July 25 to August 7, four full years to these three allPAGEANT PALMYRA TOUR SEND MONEY! NO still things, - important be he would Fair World's York by air. New every 10$50.00 time your members of CASH the loser. of to October September 10 4, knowlThe obtaining sell 10 cans each KitchenFresh ofgroup Chocat can. or Coconettes $1.00 per SCOTIA NOVA of in a variety edge and learning onelb. size cost canisters The PROFIT!olettes100% Fair Featuring World's

group only for $1.00! fields 50c the educational tutelage under each—sell WEEKLY TOURS WEEKEND AND lc! Order 100 INVESTMENT! EVEN NOTyourNO scholars professional stimucan For preview to dedication of 30to days to send today. Temple up 500 cans and Oakland Take

your name, Give phonepayment. number Latterbroaden and the young

address, the address, complete title,name,and etc. CHI'S TOURS TRAVEL late

to Saint officer, for a life of service of quantity of group, day 2ndof each name AGENCY parceldesired, Office (no and nearest

South 179 costpost). Extras

City, Salt Lake Utaheast of Rockies. sent OFFERFREEFreight TOshipping toOPENcover GROUPS StatePhoneStreet322-1205 himself,to his church,to his lovedand ones,to histo God,society,if

ONLY! TODAY! WRITE is used to the knowledge he obtains Dept. IE-6 COLLIER, VERNE relationships meaningful 3, N. Ala. A establish 19th St., Birmingham 900

is utilized in progressive and and WHEAT MILL creative development. If he does

ONLY not do this, both his professional training and his gosGENEALOGY $695 knowledge and training pel knowledge will be and POSTPAID PHOTOCOPIES inadequate. woefully

IN THE the teach STATES value of knowledge A SPECIALTY UNITEDANYWHERE To grinds to or a student to teach Cracks is good, butLowest Prices, Fastest Service, corn wheat, and interrelate, to conintegrate, and hard all of kinds Highest Quality grains, soft or there is best. Further, ceptualize may

lbs. per 1V2 ORDER

in one times knowledge min. be price when list and completeWrite for supplies BY MAIL GUARANTEED

in. pictures to mail your field readily cannot be interrelated

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS with knowledge in another area. The INKLEY PHOTO CENTERS

Photofinishing Lab Custom HARDWARE PEHRS0N Blvd. Ogden, Washington2486 Salt Lake City So. 1 lth East, Utah 2115

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

AMERICAN

If you go driving around shopping for tires, you're just wasting my good American, Brand gasoline.

I not only carry tires to suit practically any need, I put awfully attractive prices on them. AMOCO 120 Super Tires..

Atlas Gripsafe and Weathergard tires... whitewalls, blackwalls, tubetype, tubeless... you name it,

I've got it. I can install them in a hurry, and you don't even need cash. Your American Oil credit card will do fine,

just fine. (And with it you can get easy budget terms.) Do you get the idea I'm a good man to buy tires

Oil Dealer (Americanfrom? You're right! You ex pect more from American—and you get it. Your AmericanAMERICAN OIL COMPANY

APRIL 1964 295 intelligent student will, when this occurs, embrace revealed truth.

Do we overemphasize that students should stay active in the

Church during their school years?

That is, do we advocate a defensive role, emphasizing the resisting of the influence of the philosophies of men to the extent that youth try to protect themselves at the expense of growing, influencing, and contributing. Remember, youth are the

recipients of the gospel of Jesus

Christ, they have the gift of the

Holy Ghost, and they are clothed with the priesthood. It has often

been said in athletics that the best defense is a good offense—it is hard

for the opposing team to score if you have possession of the ball.

Our youth should be contributing, advancing, not just trying to hold the status quo. It is good to remain

active, but it is best to share -the gospel and to progress in knowledge, activity, and service. If our young

people are sent to school with the goal of 'only keeping active, then they are exposed to a rough battle with little armor. The Apostle Paul

said to put on the whole armor of

God and take the shield of faith.

But Paul never advocated sending anyone out to battle without a

Does she think Long Distance sword.the "swordTheofswordthe Spirit,he advocatedwhich is wasthe

word of God."(Eph. 6:17.)

calls are fun? What's It would be an injustice to send

your guess? protectone intohimself.battle withIt isonlygooda shieldto stressto

being active, but it is best to teach

Pick up your phone students to progress, influence, serve, and go visiting and convert.

tonight! "Marching down to ArmageddonBrothers, stout and strong!

Ask not why the way we tread on

MOUNTAIN GodIs sowillroughtell usandwhenlong!our spirits

STATES Grow to grasp his plan!

TELEPHONE Let us do our part today—

And help Him, helping Man!"—Sir Edwin Arnold

It will be good to try to be a more effective teacher and leader, but it will be best to succeed. The good

can be the enemy of the best, if =k\2-, when we teach we unconsciously include future stumbling blocks for

KNITTERS our students. But if we are preGo to the For Your Convenience

WORLD'S FAIR THE COTTAGE YARN SHOP pared, prayerful, and persistent, the

South, by East SALT 2323 2880 LAKE the can be CITY good forerunner and the Start To For Christmas Today PLANE, TRAIN, or BUS

It To Knit It To Knit Give Give Or—Knit associate of best. the with

knitting for charge lessons No

VIDA FOX CLAWSON Shop hours—10 a.m.—6 p.m.

216 So. 13th East Salt Lake City, Utah Monday Thru Saturday

DA 8-0303 Tel. IN 7-1207 Lillian Q. CI

296;MPROVEMtNT ERA

.

Teach the Gospel GRAPHICALLY

with the new

Graflex

Schoolmaster

SLIDE

and

FILMSTRIP

Projector

Recommended for Stake and Ward Use SPECIAL PRICE available to LDS * Plenty of brilliance for church halls or classrooms CHURCH GROUPS

* FOR FURTHER Full use of INFORMATION CONTACT Make

LD.S. CHURCH your Stake and Ward

PURCHASING. Filmstrip Library! or*

DESERET AUDIOVISUAL PRODUCTIONS

AND PHOTOCHROME LABS.

31 South 3rd East, Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone 3223962 (area code 801)

Filmstrip Production - Visual Aids - Rental Equipment - Film processing, Color, 16 mm B & W

APRIL 1964 297 Learning—An Endless Process youth of the Church. By 1920, daily weekday religious education

however, it was becoming obvious for its young people attending pubthat the Church could not continue lic high schools, colleges, and uni- (Continued from page 263) building enough of these small colversities. Seminaries and institutes

leges to accommodate all the youth are now operating near most public and it is our duty to become a cultiof the Church; therefore, a move high schools, colleges, and univervated people in all branches of was inaugurated to encourage the sities where there is a large enroleducation known among mankind."transfer of these institutions to the ment of LDS youth. Many young

From 1875 to 1911 the Church various states in which they were people are currently enrolled in these established and maintained acadelocated. In Utah and Arizona the institutions. Demands for new units

mies. Twentytwo such institutions transfer was successfully made. Howand additional space at established

were founded in the Rocky Mounever, the state of Idaho chose not locations are being requested faster tain states, Canada, and Mexico. to maintain Ricks College as part of than they can be provided.

However, with the rise of public its educational system. Therefore, In addition to the large number

high schools, the Church closed the Church has operated this school attending institutes and seminaries most of its academies and turned its since it first opened in 1888. during the past year, more than

attention to building junior colleges. With the closing of its academies 15,000 registered at Brigham Young

These institutions rendered a very and junior colleges, the Church felt University, more than 1,500 at Ricks distinct and valuable service to the the need of providing some plan for College, more than 500 at LDS Business College and nearly 650 in the schools of the Juarez district in

Mexico. In addition to this many

more thousands attended the schools of the Pacific—The Church College

of College of Church Hawaii, The BURDENSAND FAITH schools Zealand, in Samoa, and New

AND HOPE Tonga, and other places.

Through the facilities of the great

Adult Education and Extension Services program of BYU last year,

RICHARD L. EVANS nearly 100,000 people took advanWe have talked of the "destroyers"and the "fulfillers,"of those who entage of opportunities to continue

courage and those who discourage, and surely there will be an added their educational experiences. These

reward and satisfaction for those who encourage, for those who lift, for opportunities for continued learning those who help others bear their burdens. The degree of burdens ebbs were made possible through home

and flows, but all of us have them. There are burdens of sorrow, accident, study courses in almost every field,

illness; the burden of debt; loss of jobs; loss of loved ones. There are days through special lectures and instiof disappointment, days of deep discouragement. But blessedly, with time, tutes, through extension classes held

and with the help and understanding of others, the acuteness of our probin various towns and communities, lems tends to lose some of its sharpness. And in all these things we should through evening school classes, and

television courses. radio and Ten by for,"another. "What do we live one encourage andsustain and comfort

1 travel tours study were conducted other?"less difficult life to each it Eliot, "if is not to makeasked George

"We can easily manage, if we will only take each day, the burden appointed to various parts of the world. Four

for it,"said John Newton. "But the load will be too heavy for us if we hundred and eleven people took adcarry yesterday's burden over again today, and then add the burden of vantage of these tours to continue

the morrow to the weight before we are required to bear it."- Among the their learning programs.

hardest of the burdens to bear is the burden of a heavy conscience, the Education Week programs are now burden of knowing we have cluttered our lives with things we shouldn't being held in ten states and Canada.

have done. Heaviest of all is the burden of sin—a burden which requires It is estimated that approximately

change and transformation within ourselves, and reconciliation with others, 40,000 people will attend these great if we are to live in peace and selfrespect. Blessedly, even with this burden festivals of learning next summer at

there can be repentance and improvement, and a return to hope and faith 44 separate locations.

for the future. There is no more sure way of lifting the heart than to turn Fulltime adult education centers

to a right way and leave the burden of sin behind and feel again the blessed now are established at Rexburg, happiness and lightness of heart that comes with real repentance—a repentIdaho Falls, Ogden, Salt Lake City,

ance that lifts and lightens the whole outlook of life. "Nothing in life,"said and Los Angeles. The purpose of

Sir William Osier, "is more wonderful than faith."'"It is necessary to hope these centers is to bring more educa-

..."said Samuel Johnson, "for hope itself is happiness...."'tional opportunity close to our people, to encourage more and more

'George Eliot (18191880), English novelist. continued learning, and to help

Xewtoii (17251807), -John Osier, Farewell Dinner, -Sir William English Maydivine.2, 1905. stimulate interest in more efficient

Samuel Johnson, (170984), English author. preparation for service.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia But this is not all. The Church

Broadcasting System, February 2, 1964. Copyright 1964. maintains a vast nonprofessional edu298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Fresh from grove—to grocery—to you...

the finest citrus fruits are shipped...the

CHICAGO

ST. LOUIS

Distribution of fresh citrus fruits and products, from the producing states to all parts of the nation, is a big job. Union Pacific shares importantly in

this distribution.

Moving in temperaturecontrolled refrigerated rail cars and piggyback trailers, Union Pacific's electronic traffic controls and communications help deliver these flavorful products to market, efficiently and dependably... the automated rail way. So UNION NEXT TIME YOU TRAVEL, RELAX IN CONremember, whatever, whenever you ship from, to PACIFIC TROLLED ALLWEATHER COMFORT, SAFE

and throughout the west... be specific, route FROM DRIVING HAZARDS... IN A UNION

"Union Pacific."PACIFIC DOMELINER.

APRIL 1964 299 cational program in which a large percent of its membership participates. These activities are directed

by thousands of volunteer officers and teachers dedicated to the task of helping their brothers, sisters, friends, and neighbors learn of the creative world about them and of the plan of life and salvation given by God to his children for their eternal happiness and redemption.

Basic to and supplementing these wonderful opportunities for learning are the educational avenues open to parents. Parents should do everything possible to create in their

homes an environment and atmosWilburn G. Pickett's a farm boy. His column in The Deseret phere for study and learning. They

News, "Farm Roundup/'keeps his friend the farmer up to shouldwill havebuildin themhomebookslibrariesand whichmatethe minute on latest farm news. It's another outstanding fearials of interest to each member of

the family and provide cozy, wellture in your > lighted reading corners and study MlMWg nooks located from distractions away Bgg@MVjali g&he gfciegram of radio, television, conversation, and family noise.

Every family should have a wellplanned program for learning for each of its members. Quiet hours,

"listen and tell"time, should be a part of daily routine. Radio and

television in the home are powerful mediums for learning and should

Additional New Rooms Just Recently Completed be carefully supervised and directed.

Habit patterns for learning need to be established early. Parents will

-"need to follow through diligently to irSLSSSta seeoccurthatto toointerferemany orexceptionsinterrupt.doThisnot

At the program will not be easy because

CENTER there are so many things competing OF CONVENIENCI Luxurious Comfort—The Way You Like It for our time and that of our chilto SAVE TIME Now at Winter Rates! dren. Important decisions need be made regarding the things we

value most. The world is reaching

its greedy hands into our lives trying to steal our time for trivial, useless,

AND HOT SHOPPES NOW 330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS and often harmful activities. Of

Main Street at 5th South Salt Lake City this fact we all need to be constantly aware, and we need to pull with all the strength we have against the

What to see—Where to stay—Rates forces that would prevent us from

Your complete itinerary planned. doing the things of real worth debound for the BY AIR - RAIL - BUS - CAR signed by God for the eternal happirates, and Hotel accommodations Broadway

City. shows, York All types ness and salvation of his children. guided tours of New

information and rates at the Fair. Package plans With determination and selfdisci-

individual programs. and

pline each of us should resolve to

For Free Brochure and Information

WRITE BOX 43, Provo, Utah take advantage of all the Church is

CHRISTOPHERSON TRAVEL doing to provide its membership

Salt Lake: EL 5-8182 Provo: FR 3-S310 with opportunities for continued

JfK learning. Continuous education, said

President Young, "is our labor, our

BIND YOUR ERAS IN LOOSELEAF FORM WITH AN business and our calling."(Journal

IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER ONLY $2.50 of Discourses, 6:268. Italics added.)

1963 Indexes now avniluble free.—Order from

The Improvement Era office, 135 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN PAYS $100 WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drink sickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

narcotics. else or liquor everything On Fill for out so application mail right below and why pay premiums

fully you're amazingly low protected—at policy will approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! mailed. promptly at begins Coverage noon inEvery see day newspaper your you

effective policy. date of on deDon't your 3. evidence that drinking for loss benefitsmore and smoking Other lay. people almost enter Every day 50,000 life. ofshorten They're America's one now of 90 within accident days hospitals. get protection So now. your healthleading cause prime problems—a policy). in (as described $2000 pay We hospitaliratesof the high most premium for death. accidental cash cash $2000 Or policieszation charge. for loss foot, of of sight or hand, one one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

policy carefully your your minare based Our rates it. doctor lawyer and sure Be on your eyes,one eye.bothOrhands,$6000orcashbothforfeet.loss of both ister,itReadprovidesover exactly what toweexaminesay. Askit does. Then, superior health,

as a nondrinker and nonsmoker. The We invite close comparison fied,if forjustany mailreasonyourat allpolicyyou backare notto us100%withinsatis30

days immediately and we will refund Hospitalizayour American ennew Temperance plan. other with any asked. questions tire premium. can You No offertion Plan unbelievably can low you dollars risk thousands nothing....you of is like ours. Actually, But comgain no otherrates because drinkers accept not do we

and smokers, who cause high rates. Also, pare rates. See what you save.

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEARJMJANLMAITODAVBEFORE IT'S TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, IllinoisAnd only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCity or RD #.Zone. -County State TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary -Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times I collect.you

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, 4.

except pregnancy, war or miliany act of belief, of the best are your you and and knowledge To all members ortary service, accidents preexisting free or disease? physical and Yes impairment, any from

of the best or any your knowledge, have above you To member No listedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

If so, give details pleasepremium with application. Yes No stating person affected, cause, date, name and address

of fully recovered. physician,D attending whether and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays $2 $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions. 1964 pays $380 $38

Date: Signed:X

Each adult ATIAT 65100 pays $590 *59 Mail this application with your first to 870 premium

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyvifle, Illinois

APRIL 1964 301 u BURNED OUT n Aleta REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY (Continued from, page 269) A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, with tremendous added expense before you find on, there is usually enough of her another. own language present for her to

Let us explain your need for ample insurance understand what it's all about.

to cover today's higher values. Whenever the subject in the conversations turn to debating about

Aleta's face to school, eyes sparkle Her UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY herlightsgoingup eagerly.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City as her thoughts dance through the

panorama of participating in such adventure. And each time her happy

thoughts change to sadness as her

COMING TO SALT LAKE? father and grandfather offer their exfor child the keeping at home. MAKE cuses

I I reflect, recall the As SE RANCHO MOTOR friendship that grew between Aleta'sclose

HOTEL family and our own. On a few occaYOUR HEADQUARTERS sions Aleta had been permitted to

THIS CONFERENCE TIME! spend a day at the Trading Post

EVERY ROOM FEATURES... So close to everything... downtown, with our children. What gay times

* Private phone, recorded hifi music industry, business, travel depots, enthey had together! Here her shyness

* New radio and TV with power antenna tertainment, and hospitals. Make clean was shortlived, for children are

* 24 hour switchboard and message and wholesome Se Rancho your home children regardless of what language

... this from time home away and service speak. the everpresent Despite

... they in time every Salt you're Lake * offstreet parking Ample barrier stood belanguage which. all.. of services and best superb * JUST 4V2 BLOCKS FROM TEMPLE

SQUARE... at low, low rates. tween them, the children and Aleta

their able to thoughts convey were

SALT LAKE in to each other and ideas SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL No.640TempleWest many

ways; ways which we, as adults,

would fail to think of. The children

FAMILY CRESTS - COAT OF ARMS grew to love Aleta and enjoyed her with each moreA GREAT CHURCH as well. love her visit,We andlikewcto grewbelieveto

LIBRARY that Aleta loved us as a family, too.

Each visit ended much too soon for can be assembled by "binding"all of us, including Aleta, for there regularly your copies of was always sadness in her eyes when

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WALL SHIELDS time came to go home.

learned day The came when we PITCHERS WATER inand conveniently can beThey PARCHMENTS to stay not on the be able would we

SHIELDS DOUBLE WALL reas you "bound"expensively longer. the reservation As much PLATES SILICATE CHINA

them, in an Improvementceive shorter, of days grew file, arnumber including we on 100,000 names We have all Irish practically names. morials for WeEra binder. also worked harder than ever before with Scottish for English, orders Welsh execute and

Beautifully and strongly connames and for other nationalities. Aleta's father and grandfather, trystructed with handsome heavy red IMPERIAL SALES ing to impress upon them the imFabricoid cover. Stamped in gold 964 Laird Ave.Salt Lake City, Utah EM 3-4184 portance of education for Aleta. We

and large enough to hold 12 ispleaded with them either to allow sues of more than 1,000 pages, Aleta to attend the school on the plus an index. reservation or allow us to take her

NEWELL, ORR & WALSH INC. into our family and give her a good Price is only

FLOORING CONTRACTORS education. Our pleas were in vain.

$2.50 & ENGINEERS The last time I saw Aleta, we were

and a 1963 index now available, TILE VINYL CARPETS emptying a load of water into the is included FREE! Such a binder "CUSTOM FLOORS AT CONTRACT PRICES"cistern that supplies the Trading

is a MUST for every ward library 630 5th AVE., N. Y. C. CI 6-3791 Post, and house. Aleta came walking

and most desirable for every up the hill from the Trading Post, home. her steps slow and deliberate, but

as she hesitated never she once

Order now from CLARK and FOREMAN said nearer. not a She word drew Improvement The The latest in men's—women's—boys'sat nearby. fashions as she smiled and down

Quality can afford at a price you

Charge Accounts Satisfaction Guaranteed I returned the smile, of course, but 135 South State Street MISSIONARY DISCOUNTS words to speak I could not find. The

Salt Lake City 11, Utah 4835 South Highland Drive

Cottonwood Mall—Salt Lake City

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA look of sadness which I had come clearly to recognize slowly filled her face. I knew she must have realized

we were soon to leave, and I feltthat in the space of a few short moNon Drinking ments she was trying to convey to me in her own way, her love for us and her desire for an education. DRIVERS!Perhaps she felt that we would be

able to understand her feelings and THIS AUTO INSURANCE be able to do more than anyone for her.else could Never has an COVERS MORE HAZARDSexperience more heartbreaking. been

For a long time we sat without speaking, then the silence was THAN STANDARD POLICIES broken as we were joined by several people who wanted to discuss store BUT COSTS LESS!*

business. When the conversation

was completed and the newcomers * Sold only to good drivers who don't drink alcoholic beverages.

were leaving, I turned my attention once more to Aleta. She was gone. Hundreds of thousands of nondrinking drivers are

A moment later I saw her small body enjoying the advantages of this SPECIAL PREsilhouetted against the blue sky for FERRED "PLUS"FAMILY AUTO INSURANCE.a moment, then disappear over thehill a few hundred feet away. More protection—lower rates—fast, efficient claims

Our love for little Aleta has not service coastto-coast.

diminished nor has it been forgotten. If you don't drink, send for your personal rate

to reflect love those upon moWe alquotation today. NO OBLIGATION—SEND NOments her upon when we looked

most as a member of our own MONEY.

family. Our desire is, perhaps

through a young missionary laboring in the Chinle area, that thoughts IF YOU DON'T DRINK, CHECK THESE might be passed on the way to Aleta ADVANTAGES OVER STANDARD AUTO POLICIES and her family. We wish the best

for Aleta and her future happiness v More LIABILITY coverage thatand hope someday we shall be * More COLLISION coverageable to share experiences wonderful with her again, through the Indian V More COMPREHENSIVE coverage

Placement Program or in some other way. God bless you always, Aleta. V More MEDICAL PAYMENTS coverage

( LOWER RATES

SEE YELLOW LOCAL AGENT CALL YOUR—USE THIS COUPON OR PAGES

HOUSE IN HOMESPUN CC23 BY FRANCES GORMAN R1SSER INSURANCE CO.

150 So. 4th E., Salt Lake City, Utah, Dept. 4-64

Some houses sit in queenly state, PleaseI am i sendtotal me,abstainer,withoutandobligation,have hadcompleteno accidentsinformationfor the onpastyour3 automobileor 5 G years,insurance(checkforone)Total Abstainers. Their green robes bound with

edges Name Address driver'sI have hadlicensemy

Embroidered deep in flower jewels City State years.

,aken a 'have Or ruffled round with hedges. Occupation No. of Cars in Family driver training

The homespun apron of my house Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls course - DYesDNo

tatters, torn to Small feet have

Owner Car Is Used for: Circle

of This crisscross wrinkle pathwaysAnd Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyInsuranceExpires:Auto it, Business

But nothing really matters Pleasure Q BIRTH DATE Month

In my house, if its earthly lap To and from work SEX Day

Is full of fun and giggles;...miles America'sone way MARRIEDfirst Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance YearCompany

It knows green velvet couldn't stand Not available in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

Such love and strife and wiggles! AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED

APRIL 1964 303 Jolin is Inactive... Why? her at the same time she experienced same sort of emotional experience

the frightening sound, she attached causes people to fear lightning, the fear to the rabbit. After repeatsnakes, spiders, and mice, all of

(Continued from page 259) ing this action four times on four which are equally irrational. The

separate days, the psychologists writer once knew a family whose was walking down the sidewalk found that the little girl was terribishop was a real estate operator.

when a big dog from a neighboring fied whenever she saw the rabbit. They had had some unfriendly dealhouse came out barking and knocked Because of her experience she had ings with him over a piece of

the little girl down. For the next developed a strong irrational fear. property. Although it was comfew days she avoided the neighHere, then, is the way conditionpletely irrational, they refused to go

bors house because she was afraid ing is accomplished. The child had to church as long as that man was

of the dog. But a couple of days an experience which was heavily maintained in his position as bishop.

later she saw a boy and a girl of saturated with emotion, and it proThey refused to pay tithing (they her own age on the lawn tumbling duced a deep, irrational fear. The were bitter over the subject) beand wrestling with the dog. Within a

few minutes she too was playing with them. It was not long until her

fear of the dog was erased. It is

seldom, however, that such a conditioned fear can be erased merely by desiring of processa mental it so. I THE THE MEANING OF DISCIPLINE SPOKEN is erasing process accomplishedThe WORD - a counteracting pleashavingby

ant experience.

In the process of deconditioning, as in other psychological phenomRICHARD L. EVANS

ena, there is a law 7 operating which, if followed carefully, will achieve There is a subject to be considered that is needed—a subject not so popular

the desired results. In order to deperhaps, yet not necessarily negative. These phrases on discipline come

condition a person, the operator from a dictionary definition: "To educate; to develop by instruction and

must bring to bear upon him an exercise; to teach. To order and correct the operation of... to render

opposite feeling more powerful than effective by restraint; to subjugate will or passions... to train in selfthe one by which he was condicontrol, or obedience"to given standards."One of the greatest blessings

tioned; and it must continue to that can come into the life of any child or youth—or anyone else—is intellioperate until the antagonistic feeling gent and constructive discipline—first the discipline of self, and second, as

is erased. Thus, the fun which the necessary, the patient, persuasive and understanding discipline of others.

little girl had playing with the chilSaid Thomas a Kempis: "He who is living without discipline is exposed to

dren and the dog was sufficiently grievous ruin.... Who hath a harder battle to fight than he who striveth

strong to counteract her fear of the for selfmastery? And this should be our endeavor,"he added, "even to

self, daily to thus stronger than on unto master self and and go grow of conditioning,dog. cases Most

first to ever perfection."that obgave law man,""The Montaigne God are that not to handle. easyhowever,

.."-. also of This parents a obedience. remember, served, "was law must in the areThere people many

Church who harbor illfeelings for to cite another source: that they "must require just and reasonable things"3

springs obedience. are improper, which they would have "From orders lives all theirthe because if Church

indulresistance the other is not easily overcome."which hand "... 3 On sufficientthere with is no operator

skill to bring to bear a strong oppogence can do no good to children,"as John Locke observed, "their want of... the timesite feeling and maintain it long judgment makes them stand in need of restraint and discipline

... thereforeenough to erase the ill feeling. must come when they will be past the rod and correction

his to receive education, influence from he is what and is to sway exwhat of a psychological The story."4.. his. habits of into the nature... very principles be life, must woven will illustrate the difficultyperiment

of deconditioning. Two psycholoNo one can have everything he wants; no one can do everything he wants.

gists were experimenting with a The world would be chaotic for all of us if we could, and this we all need little girl. They wanted to know if to learn early in life. The earliest teaching is best, but any time is better

"is later. of discipline,"Smiles, said school best "The Samuel homefear her to causethey somethan could

..."5 life is It the of training is the family God's young. method own is ordinarilything not frightwhich

ening. Since she loved her little white perennial and ever present duty of parents to rear and counsel and discirabbit, they decided to use it in the pline children with persuasive, quiet consistency—to teach selfcontrol,

experiment. They set the girl on a obedience, respect for authority, respect for law, respect for people, respect

couch around which they placed a for principles—preferably in a positive and not punitive sense.

screen. Behind the screen they installed a large gong. Just as one -Michel'Thomas dea Kempis,MontaigneImitation(153392),of Christ,Frenchbk. Essayist.1.

man handed the girl the rabbit, the "Saint'John Locke,Basil (32979),Some ThoughtsBishop Concerningof Caesarea.Education.

other struck the gong. The sudden -Samuel Smiles (18121904), English biographer.

loud noise frightened the girl, and "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia since the rabbit was presented to Broadcasting System, February 23, 1964. Copyright 1964.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Start Your

cause tithing had to go through the bishop. In spite of the fact that MISSION SAVINGS

they had moved to another ward, they still held the same feelings of AWantagonism. Many bad conditionEarly Planning Might Make the Difference

irrational.ings are completely

Unwilling to allow the girl to go in the Fulfillment of Your Mission through life burdened with a strong If you are planning to serve as a missionary... if you hope

fear of rabbits, which, incidentally your children will be called, start a mission savings plan at had spread to all woolly or furry youAmericanneed toSavings,save, becausenow. Thewhileearlieryou yousavestart,Americanthe lesspaysmoneyyou

things, the psychologists wanted to extra dollars—earnings compounded semiannually at a high

decondition her. They knew that it 4'/2% current rate.

would be very much harder to erase This means the amount you actually save will be considerably the fear than to produce it, so they less than the $2,000 usually required for a mission. And, every

American account is protected reserves plus by substantial preparations. elaborate moremade

to INSURED by the Federal Savings and $10,000 Loan Insurthat have to they wouldThey knew ance Corporation, the U.S. of permanent agency Government.

produce a pleasant feeling so strong that it would cancel the fear of the HERE'S HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE WITH OUR MISSION SAVINGS PLANS BY rabbit. Having discovered that she THE TIME YOU OR YOUR CHILD IS 19 YEARS OLD - IF YOU START NOW. o

liked ice cream, they decided to use PresentAge AtMonthly$25.00 AtMonthly$20.00 AtMonthly$15.00 AtMonthly$10.00 AtMonthly$9.00 AtMonthly$8.00 AtMonthly$7.00 AtMonthly$6.00

it as the counteracting force. They

seated the girl at a table and placed 1 $2,154.631,990.29

the rabbit in a cage some forty feet 2 (These columns opposite present age $2,138.62 1,833.11

away; but even at that distance the 3 indicate the amount that will be 1,963.23 1,682.76

girl the animal. with earnings accumulated perturbed by by was 4 1,795.46 1,538.97 $2,051.96

is the time the missionary of ice dish her a gave creamBut they 14 1,635.00 1,868.57 $2,102 1,401.43

of age.)* relish. 1 9 years ate she with The 5which 6 1,904.81 $2,116.46 1,481.52 1,269.87 1,693.17

pleasure of the eating tended to dull 7 1,906.75 1,716 07 1,525.40 1,334.72 1,144.05

the sharp, unpleasant feeling for 8 1,706.16 1,535 55 1,364.93 1,194.31 1,023.70

the rabbit. 9 $2,271.46 1,514.31 1,362 88 1,211.45 1,060.02 908.59

But they had to work carefully. 10 1,996.21 1,330.81 1,197 73 1,064.65 931.56 798.48

For twenty days they repeated the 11 $2,310.58 1,732.94 1,155.29 1,039 76 924.23 808.70 693.17

action, each day bringing the rabbit 12 1,974.83 1,481.12 987.41 888 67 789.93 691.19 592.45

closer. Little by little the pleasant 13 $2,067.11 1,653.69 1,240.27 826.85 744 16 661.48 578.79 496.11

feeling created by the ice cream 14 1,683.16 1,346.53 1,009.90 673.26 605.94 538.61 471.29 403.96

erased the unpleasant fear of the 15 1,315.92 1,052.74 7S9.55 526.37 473 73 421.10 368.46 315.82

rabbit. On the twentieth day the 16 964.67 771.73 578.80 385.87 347.28 308.69 270.11 231.52

operators took the rabbit out of the 17 628.70 502.96 377.22 251.48 226 33 201.18 1 76.04 150.89

cage, and on the twentyfourth day 18 307.36 245.89 184.41 122.94 110.65 98.35 86.06 73.77

the psychologists knew that they *Computed at current rate of 4V2% per annum had succeeded in erasing the fear "SAVE THE when they found the little girl playAMERICAN rabbit. theing with But take note Sawigd dnWdcm & WAY"ASSOCIATION & LOAN to decondition it tookof the time

Main, 63 South Salt Lake the HOME OFFICE: City 1 1, Utah

child; and the deconditioning took SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: 2186 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City 6, Utah

place under controlled conditions GRANGER OFFICE: 3555 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

Fort OFFICE: Street, DIVISIONAL Honolulu, HONOLULU Hawaii 915 situation it, a experts handlingwith

OFFICE: KAIMUKI Honolulu, - 12th Avenue, Hawaii is present seldom whenwhich we HILO OFFICE: Hilo, Avenue, 120 1Waianuenue142 Hawaii

try to decondition angry and resentKALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

ful church members. Bad conditioning which takes only moments

to accomplish often takes weeks or months of the most careful handling FOTOSTIXYOUR ALBUMFOR to erase. & SCRAP BOOKS

This law, then, that a strong Pressuretangles, adhesivesensitiveon bothrecLDS CHURCH picture sides. Just press & to erase feeling tendspleasant and in place. is neatly firmly & SOFTBALL

buckglues, no messy No unpleasanteventually cancel a weak $3. Money ling. 450 $2, $1,270 120 Fotostix FLOODLIGHTING those be usedfeeling can by who Dept. IE 1946 back guarantee. Aids Mutual

understand the process to decondiHillhurst Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. 90027. RENT PURCHASE LATER PRIVILEGES

tion people who harbor unfriendly feelings the Church. toward APPROVED. We See INSTALLED COMPLETELY however, for whenmust be careful, FAIR THE WORLD'S ANYWHERE, USA AND CANADA

we are conditioning or deconditionand

HILL THE PAGEANT CUMORAH feeling the strongest person, INFORMATION: WRITE FORing a

with CO., INC. & NABAUM SHERMAN child prevail.will When we feed a 13TH 4777 EAST SOUTH Travel Vida Fox Clawson

17, CITY SALT LAKE UTAH Salt 13th East Lake 216 So. City, Utah 1935 SINCE 8-0303 DA

APRIL 1964 SOS castor oil disguised in orange juice, and the process is continued long same influence which helps converts we usually do not cause the child enough, the inactive people change change their lifelong loyalty to anto develop a liking for castor oil. their attitudes and become active in other religion and join the Church.

Most often he will develop a dislike the Church. It is the same spirit which helps.

for orange juice. Many cases of conditioning, howpeople of all ages and nationalities

The gradual deconditioning of ever, are so deep and so stubborn to live and work together peacefully.

unfriendly members very often takes that the priesthood classes or the In our consideration of conditionplace when they attend the classes visits of the home teachers are not ing and deconditioning, we should for senior members of the Aaronic sufficient to bring about the change. conclude that if our relations were

Priesthood. The meetings, the But Latterday Saints have one perfect, no bad conditioning would

dances, the socials, and the dinners resource which is denied most people ever take place. The fact that so

which go along with them are all of the world. They have the Holy many people of the Church are invery pleasant. Thus, the men and Ghost. There is no influence which different and inactive would indiwomen who take part in the classes is quite so strong, there is no power cate that in our homes, in Primary,

lose their feeling of indifference or quite so effective in changing the Sunday School, Mutual, and in the antagonism toward the Church. If conditioning of a disaffected mempriesthood classes, in the visits of

the good feeling is strong enough ber as the Spirit of God. It is the the home teachers and the Relief

Society teachers, somewhere along the line a large number of people have unhappy experiences. If all

people in the Church understood the principles of conditioning and deconditioning, they could save tremendous numbers from falling away. STRENGTH AND STRUGGLE It is obvious that all teachings and

every act which we do in the Church should be pleasant. If all

church work could be accomplished

RICHARD L. EVANS with pleasant enthusiasm, there would be very few people condi-

A sentence from Longfellow suggests a subject: "Believe me, every man tioned adversely toward the Church

has his secret sorrows, which the world knows not; and oftentimes we call and the gospel. If all people of the

a man cold when he is only sad."1 The fact is that all people have their Church were sensitively conscious

problems, and life can be and often is a struggle of such magnitude that of the importance of emotional we marvel at the wonderful way in which people carry their problems and learning, they would strive to make bravely endure from day to day. It seems apparent that struggle in a their contacts with other people so

measure was meant to be, for it is by struggle that strength comes. Many pleasant that none could ever

years ago Phillips Brooks gave a sermon which he called The Sea of Glass take offense.

Mingled with Fire in which he said: "... when a man conquers his adverFor those who are deeply condisaries and his difficulties it is not as if he never had encountered them. tioned, those who hold profound

Their power... is in all his future life. They are not only events in his and hostile feelings toward the

past history, they are elements in all his present character.... His... Church or some of the authorities,

body carries with it not only the record, but the power of all it has passed perhaps the only hope is the use of through.... He is stronger by the... strength of trial... "2 But there are techniques familiar to the counselor

some you say who "live strongly and purely in this world... and then go and the psychiatrist. But such skills

safely and serenely up to heaven, who have no struggle anywhere, who and understanding come only with never know what struggle is... who never had a disappointment, who

never knew a want,"- who never had a problem of health—men "on whom

every sun shines.... What shall we say of them?..."- If we suppose this,

it is simply because 1 we do not know enough. "None knows the weight of ANATOMY REVISED

another's burden,"- said Herbert. search George all the ages "You may BY ETHEL JACOBSON

......for [a person look no problems] had the who has through you may

streets of heaven, asking each [one] how he came there, and you will look in vain everywhere for a man morally and spiritually strong, whose strength A growing boy did not come to him in struggle.... Do [not] suppose that [there is any Is only skin

man who] has never wrestled with his own success and happiness.... With an aching, empty

There is no exception anywhere. Every true strength is gained in struggle."2 Void within,

again, cavern, I would"And A yawning that ye should learn that he only is saved who envast, Awesome,dureth end."4 unto the

That nothing at Carlsbad 'Henry W. Longfellow, Hyperion, Book iii, chapter 4. Has surpassed,

2Phillips Sea Brooks, The Jacula'George Herbert, Prudentum.of Glass Mingled with Fire. That, knowing it's hopeless,

4D&C 53:7. Mother still,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Three times a day,

Broadcasting System, February 16, 1964. Copyright 1964. Must try to fill.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA long study and wide experience. Thowaldsen he so much loved. An ebon cross

Moreover, those who have such bears his name.

skills must use them in connection (Continued from page 275) For all people everywhere, the with the Spirit of God, for without complaining of pressure around the Christ stands to comfort and bless spirituality even the great skill of a heart. Though he felt "the mesin a restless, weary world.

welltrained counselor is ineffective. senger of death on the way"he reTo sum up, then, men and women fused to consult a doctor or to be TRAVELING FOR TWO SONGS inactive are stubbornly havewho as bled, was customary. MISSIONARIES acquired, unthroughprobably some dinner 1844 while at In March BY ALFRED 1. TOOKE of or seriesfortunate experience to, friends is reported with he have

experiences, a feeling of indifference remarked that he might as well die or of antagonism either toward the as he had heard that his grave was

Church in general or toward some ready. After dinner, he walked to a Does the creek know where it's

person in the Church. Such condinearby theater, entered, bowed to flowing?

tioned reactions do not respond to the Royal Box, sat down, and Does the wind know where it's conventional means of education slumped over, dead. blowing?

because the hostile feelings shut out His funeral procession was one of Does the ship know where it's going?

reason, evidence, and persuasion. the largest ever witnessed in DenWhat does it matter? God knows!

In order to change such people mark. His body, borne by young The creek, the wind, the ship, and

into active members we must someartists, lay in state before The you, how change their feelings. To do Christus in the cathedral. Even the By land, by air, by ocean blue,

this we must apply over a long queen wove a garland which was In everything that you may do, period of time pleasant feelings placed on the casket beside his chisAre in his keeping. God knows!

which are sufficiently strong to erase el, circled with palms and evergreens. II

the unpleasant emotions. In stubThe studio was preserved as he

born cases, we must use the techleft it, with even an unfinished bust When you settle down to sleep, niques of the counselor accompanied of Luther in the corner. Where deep calleth unto deep,

by a deep and sincere spirituality. Bertel Thorvaldsen was laid to On land, by air, his power will keep

With this understanding and with rest in the open court of the muYou safe from harm that you may these techniques many can be saved seum. Over his tomb twines ivy, reap

from indifference, and many can be and the air in the spring and summer Whatever harvest he has planned, brought back into activity. is perfumed with the roses and lilies Guarded by his protecting hand.

SLIM, NEW BELL & HOWELL 8mm MOVIE CAMERA

You'll be sitting on top of the totem pole with this smart, slim new Bell & Howell.

It's compact, lightweight... sure to

turn in a top performance every time.

Perfect for vacation time, birthday time or any family time! Has all the features

—Zoom Lens, Electric Eye, Reflex Viewing, and Electric Film Drive which eliminates hand winding.

Reg. $149.95

NOW ONLY $109Carrying Case $6.9595

NOTHING DOWN—$1.50 wk

Salt Lake: 273 S. Main Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.

155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr. Provo: 161 West Center St. Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

APRIL 1964 307 MEICHIZEDEKW;

PRIESTHOOD

N\ The Book of Mormon

The Book of Mormon is a silent, continuing, effective witness for the divinity, the work, and the purpose of

Jesus Christ the Lord. With the Bible it satisfies with

the written word the age old test that in the mouths of two witnesses shall all things be established.

The book incidentally describes the fortunes of family groups, which, guided by the inspiration of the

Lord, came to America from the Holy Land and later multiplied to become a great people. This incidental

history is the setting for the great message and witness that the Lord Jesus Christ gave them the gospel. It

witnessed also the history of what happened to those who, having received, rejected its teachings.

So important is this book to the teaching of the gospel in this day, that the Lord brought it forth through the agency of Joseph Smith as a witness of the universality of his teachings, and that Joseph Smith was truly the Prophet of this restoration. Joseph Smith

made its distribution a major activity of those who taught the truth. Its distribution in our year is still

of primary importance.

One means of making the Book of Mormon available to everyone is the project of the high priest quorums for motels, hotels, and public places.

Here the quorum supplies a copy of the book for each guest room and for offices of professional men.

Within the book is a note stating the purpose of the book, references to important passages, and an envelope for deposit of the cost, should the reader care to take it with him.

In those stakes where quorums of high priests have actively pursued this project many books have been distributed. In some cases conversions have resulted.

In all cases the book continues to bear its silent witness to those who now read it because of this wider distribution.

The cost of the project is very little. The results are

endless and immeasurable.

High priests quorums are invited to assess their past successes and to continue on with renewed effort to gain maximum results in this program for 1964. The

presidency of the quorum should revive the interest survey of or appoint old committees new ones, their < to the project. leadership territory and give effective

ff:*

..:... "! '"

Church Music Policy FROM GENERAL CHURCH HANDBOOK

Music is a most important part of our religious services and our recreational activities. The highest standards in music literature and musical

performance must be maintained. Musical numbers for religious services should be sung or

played at such moderate tempo as to instil faith and devotion in the singers and hearers and teach the doctrines of the restored gospel.

Love songs, popular ballads, spirituals, and songs not in harmony with the doctrines of the

Church are not to be used.

Singers and instrumentalists can properly select numbers from the hymnbook.

Instrumental numbers in Sacrament meetings are to be limited to organ, piano, and string instruments. Special instrumental numbers in Sacrament meetings would be more appropriate if

limited to postlude and prelude.

Ward Choirs: Choirs serve under the direction of the bishopric. They are the official and regular singing groups for ward Sacrament meetings.

All other singing groups, including youth choruses, singing mothers, and priesthood choruses, are to participate in the Sacrament meeting only with the approval of the bishopric after consultation with choir officials.

Choir members may be selected by the choir leader with the approval of the choir president and the bishopric. An adequate choir organization

may include: conductor, organist, president, secretary-treasurer, librarian, ward music chairman

(member of bishopric who will assist in obtaining choir personnel), and an assistant conductor and organist, if desired. Every effort should be made

to use ward choirs during all months of the year.

Congregational Singing: At least one, but

preferably two hymns should be sung by the congregation in any meeting. All priesthood and

auxiliary organizations should make congregational singing the basis of the music program.

Conductors of singing should aim toivard moderate tempo.

Musical Innovations Disapproved: Music

in Church meetings should follow the pattern set in general conference of the Church, and any musical innovations that precede or follow the prayers in Church meetings are not approved.

The practice, common in some churches of the world, of sitting quietly after the final prayer, presumably to meditate upon what has been said, while a few bars of music are played on the piano or organ is not approved.

We are living in the most epochmaking period of all time. Scientific

discoveries stagger the human mind.

We travel faster than the speed ofsound. Many things which we once THE

thought important are today insignificant. These are confusing times PRESIDING

—our daily papers which headlineassassinations, murders, wars, strikes, BISHOPRIC'S

bombs, guided missiles, fill us withfear. PAGE

To the youth of America may I suggest a few things I would do if

I were you to meet the problems of this confused world:

1. Live close to the Lord

2. Be prepared

3. Be proud of your heritage

Live Close to the Lord ff I were you, I would cherish the words of Jesus and make them a reality in my life. He said, "Thou

shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

"This is the first and great commandment.

"And the second is like unto it,

Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. "On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."

(Matt. 22:3740.)

In this day the Lord has said to us, "Be thou humble and the Lord thy God shall you too should take inventory of yourself. Ask yourlead thee by the hand, and give thee answer to thy self the following questions:

prayers."(D&C 112:10.) 1. Have I faith in God?

We are all groping in our plans for the future. The 2. Am I living worthy to receive my Heavenly

Lord has wisely given to every man the right of choice. Father's blessings?

It is this right to choose between right and wrong, 3. Am I fulfilling my responsibility as a deacon, a

truth and error, that makes life a challenge. The teacher, or as a priest?

choice is often most difficult. Therefore, the first place 4. Am I preparing myself for a mission?

to seek guidance is from your Father in heaven. 5. Am I a worthy son?

Jesus said to Philip, "If ye ask any thing in my 6. Am I preparing myself to be a good husband

name, I will do it. and a good father?

"If ye love me, keep my commandments."(John 7. Am I a good neighbor? A good citizen?

14:1415.) 8. Am I prepared to carry my share of the common

What a promise! No mortal counselor can give load in the Church and in the community?

such a promise. If I were you, I would live the com- 9. Am I prepared to meet the challenge of a changmandments of the Lord that the avenues to your ing world?

Father in heaven would be open to you at all times. Be Prepared

"... seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be If I were you, I would live the Scout motto, "Be

opened unto you": (Matt. 7:7.) prepared."I would consider seriously the condition

Just as the merchant takes inventory of his stock, of our world. Today one out of every three pupils

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the fifth grade drops out of school before high necessary die for it. I am always inspired with the

school graduation. This is a twentieth century tragedy. words of one of my choice friends, Richard Hoffman:

Each year a million young men and women make the wrong decision and become dropouts. By so doing "I BELIEVE

they doom themselves. These individuals will have in the

difficulty securing work since they are able to comUNITED STATES OF AMERICA pete only in dwindling opportunities of unskilled without reservations labor. They are the last to be hired, receive the lowest "It is my home, my country; it is my hope,

wages, and are the first to be laid off. Frequently my concern.

their jobs are taken over by automation.

Before the end of this decade l xk million more Here I work and rest.

people will be added to the already staggering numHere I build and dream.

bers of American citizens vocationally unprepared for this changing and challenging age. "Here is security for my loved ones.

Among the dropouts many are seriously retarded in reading and arithmetic. They are failing in one or "Here my toil is rewarded with an unmatched

more academic subjects and are not active in extra abundance for my wellbeing.

curricular or church activities. Many of these have "Here freedom to live, to think, and to worship

intelligence and have the ability to complete high is mine, guaranteed by law and by our school and even go on to college. Constitution.

Voiced in two verses of the Doctrine and Covenants, a modern commandment says: "... seek ye "Here I am part of the government,

able to vote, to serve, and to carry diligently and teach ye one another words of wisdom;

my share of the common load.yea, seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom;

seek learning, even by study and also by faith.""God grant me the wisdom and strength

(D&C 88:118.) to safeguard my Country's welfare

",.. study and learn, and become acquainted with with devotion great enough to measure

all good books, and with languages, tongues, and up to her greatness."

people."(Ibid., 90:15.)

If I were you, I would give heed to this commandment of the Lord. You must set your goals high.

Without adequate education you do not have access to the modern jobs the economy is constantly creating.

Most dropouts will waste their lives because they cannot qualify in the many jobs of today's demanding world. Howard S. McDonald has served as president of three western colleges:***Brigham Young University from 1945 to 1949; Los

Be Proud of Your Heritage Angeles City College and Los Angeles State College, including San Fernando State College from 1949 to 1958 and Los

If I were you, I would be proud of my heritage. Angeles State College from 1958 to 1962. He also was deputy

Be proud of your parents. Be proud of your superintendent of schools in San Francisco for ten years and

Church. Be proud of your country. superintendent of schools in Salt Lake City. Elder McDonald

You must grow to be mature individuals. You must is presently regional representative for the United States Comstrive to increase your emotional and religious life missionertion, and ofWelfare,Educationwith inheadquartersthe Departmentin SanofFrancisco.Health, EducaFrom

and develop the personal characteristics which will 1934 to 1939, he was a counselor in the San Francisco Stake, enable you to live the abundant life described by the and he was stake president from 1939 to 1942.

Master. You must learn to meet and weigh ideas.

You must learn to live in peace and harmony in your home, your school, your church, your country, and the world. You must love your home, your parents, your fellow men, and above all rekindle your

belief and faith in a True and Living God. These

will unlock the door to your future happiness.

If I were you, I would remember that this land of America is a choice land above all other lands.

Be proud of this great country—live for it, and if

APRIL 1964 311 m F00L APRlL fool WML FOOL APRIL FOOL

FOOLAPRIL

fO l APRIL

If you haven't had an Aunt Bertie who would call you Many play the game of "April fool"on everyone early on April first to say, "Go into the dining room they meet. Another name for this is hypocrisy. To

and look up on the ceiling. There is a little man appear to be what you are not is living a lie. There

clinging to the chandelier,"or if your big brother is no gold in a person of this type; it's all alloy. To

didn't put salt in the sugar bowl, or if sister didn't paraphrase a wellknown statement, "You can play make cinnamon toast with red pepper, or if your April fool and fool some of the people some of the father didn't pass around April fool gum to anyone time, and some of the people all of the time, but you who would take it, certainly there was someone in can never fool all of the people all of the time."

your family who would take April first literally. It Hypocrisy will catch up with you.

is a day to tell tall tales and then clear everything How did this "April fooling"get started? For unup with a laughing, "April fool!"But on every other known centuries April first has been set apart for

day do you tell tall tales and just leave them hanging practical joking. It is a time when it is permissible

there as the truth? It is so easy to make a good story to play harmless tricks on anyone and everyone. The

even better by adding to it and exaggerating every beginning of all this is uncertain, but probably had detail. Now listen to your memory for a minute, did its origin in France about 1564. Poor Richard's

it tell you that in your background somewhere, someAlmanac in 1760 printed the following:

one emphasized that truth is truth?

There is another angle to this April fooling. Some "The 1st of April some do say

play April fool with themselves throughout life. They Is set apart for All Fools'Day.

live life like an ostrich with their heads buried in But why the people call it so the sand, never quite facing reality. Seeing yourself Nor, nor they themselves do know,

clearly is an electrifying gift. Strength comes from But on this day are people sent

clear perception of one's weaknesses. JlOn purpose for pure merriment."

3?o# v

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -k

PUT SPRING ON YOUR

TABLE Among the theories of its origin we find that some believe that it came from the vernal equinox celebraEveryone enjoys seasonal foods;

tion, about March 21. This is the beginning of the treat your family to a taste of spring

right now and see how Jaded appenew year for many people. There are always several tites are pepped up. Scan the fresh

days of festivities with a gift exchange on the last produce stalls for that green, crisp, day. Others trace the custom to an ancient pagan fresh something that winter has not

nature festival observed by the Hindus and called been serving. Asparagus tops 4he

"Hull."It has also been connected with the spring list in most localities. Be gentle

it it. as you cook not Dosolstice. On its last day, which is April first, unwith

it in water; until it just drown cook

suspecting persons were sent on foolish errands. it is crisply tender and a bright

The custom of April fooling was brought to Amergreen color. Work magic with subica by the early English settlers. Even in our modern, tle seasonings. Try flavoring the

sophisticated world, persons continue fooling each melted fresh butter you pour over other on April first; some are sent on false errands; the asparagus with a few drops of

lemon juice and a tablespoon of some are invited to nonexistent parties; others have minced chives. Grated nutmeg, used

signs unknowingly pinned on the back of their shirts; sparingly, will enhance the flavor of

some are tricked by trying to pick up a purse and this vegetable or if you want to having it snatched away by a string attached to it; pep it up even more add a little

phony telephone calls are made to the zoo asking for prepared mustard to the melted butter. Hollandaise sauce is always

Mrs. Mare, Mr. Fish, or Mr. Lamb. There are as many a welcome addition to fresh green

tricks as there are people on this earth. If you are asparagus. The following is a recipe

fooled this way, just remember many millions before for a mock Hollandaise sauce, quick you also have been gullible. It's a game, enjoy it. to make and delicious to eat.

APRIL 1964 313 V2 teaspoon pepper Vz cup thinly sliced onion Ap '*U F Make a marinade of the salad oil,

in a shallow bowl and pour L A vinegar,lamb and seasonings. Place the

the marinade over it. Let stand in

(tfRttthe refrigerator overnight, turning occasionally. Thread 8 skewers, each

with a piece of lamb, potato, bacon, olive, lamb, pineapple, bacon, lamb, and green pepper. Broil about 4

inches from the heat for 10 or 15 minutes. Brush occasionally with

the leftover marinade and turn once. Serve hot on a bed of rice.

Mock Hollandaise Sauce 1 cup boiling water Creamed Dried Beef over Chinese 1 can ( 9 ounces ) crushed pineapple Noodles (6 servings) 1 can cream of celery soup 1 finely diced cucumber

V2 cup mayonnaise 1 cup large curd cottage cheese, Vz pound dried beef 1 tablespoon minced parsley well drained 4 tablespoons butter 1 tablespoon finely minced green Vz cup whipping cream, whipped 4 tablespoons flour onion Ms cup chopped pecans V2 cup dried milk 2 teaspoons lemon juice 2V2 cups water

Dissolve the gelatin in the boiling Pepper to taste

Mix all the ingredients together and water. Add the juice from the pineheat over a low heat. Stir gently. apple. Chill until slightly thickened. Melt the butter and sizzle the dried

Serve hot over a mound of tender Beat just until frothy, fold in the beef in it. Add the water and bring

asparagus. remaining ingredients. Chill until to a boil. Mix the dried milk and

set. Unmold on fresh greens. flour and add to the mixture. Stir

constantly. When it thickens, pour

Minted Peas Broiled halibut, baked fish, or a over individual servings of Chisalmon loaf all can be enhanced by nese noodles.

Simmer fresh or frozen green peas a zesty sauce. Try this cucumber

until they are just done. Add a little hot sauce. Chicken in Nests

mint jelly to hot melted butter and stir carefully into the drained peas. Cucumber Hot Sauce 6 chicken breasts

Delicious served with lamb. Dash of salt, thyme, and pepper

Tiny new potatoes seem to herald 1 mediumsize cucumber, finely 1 tablespoon minced parsley in spring. Scrub them well and diced 1 can condensed cream of chicken

peel around just the center of each 3 green onions, finely diced, tender soup potato. Cook in boiling salted water green part also 2 tablespoons minced green onions

just until tender. Drain and pile in V3 cup mayonnaise

a pretty bowl and pour some sour 2 teaspoons prepared mustard Combine all ingredients except the cream over all. Sprinkle with freshly Vi teaspoon celery salt chicken, add salt to taste. Roll the

ground pepper and serve. Salt, pepper to taste chicken in the mixture. Place each

Use watercress wherever your breast of chicken on a square of imagination will take you. Used as Mix all ingredients together, chill. aluminum foil, divide the remaining

a garnish, as a salad green, as an Sprinkle with paprika and serve chicken soup mixture over each piece added vegetable, as a sandwich on fish. of chicken. Seal with a drugstore

filling, or as a topping for cream wrap; fold ends under. Place on

soup it will give that added dividend Lamb Kabobs shallow pan and bake at 425 degrees to any meal. For an individual F. for about 45 minutes. Turn once.

salad try using a bed of fresh water- 2 pounds boneless lamb cut into cress topped with three tiny cherry Vh, inch cubes Burnt Almond Mountains tomatoes filled with creamed cheese Bacon strips cut into small squares and nuts. Before filling the tomatoes Little new potatoes cooked until al- 2 eggs, separated

scoop out the centers and turn upmost done IV2 cups sugar side down to drain. Pitted ripe olives 2XA cups sifted cake flour

Pineapple chunks 3 teaspoons baking powder

Spring Mold (6 individual molds) 2 green peppers cut into squares 1 teaspoon salt y* cup salad oil V3 cup cooking oil 1 package (3 ounces) lime flavored V3 cup vinegar 1 cup milk gelatin P/2 teaspoons crushed rosemary P/2 teaspoons vanilla

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Another Beat the egg whites until frothy. cup cake, scoop out a little of the CLIP-A-RECIPE

Gradually beat in Vz cup of the center, and fill with burnt almond idea from glossy. Sift fudgesugar. ice cream—pile Beat until stiff and it high. Top FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

flour, with grated almonds. sugar,the baking remaining

powder, salt into another bowl. Add

the cooking oil, half of the milk, and Rainbow Parfait the vanilla. Beat 1 minute, medium

speed on mixer. Scrape sides and Put fresh fruit in layers with vabottom of bowl constantly. Add renilla ice cream into tall parfait

maining milk, egg yolks. Beat 1 glasses. Place glasses in freezer for

minute more. Fold in the meringue. about 20 minutes. If left longer the

Pour into 24 paper cups placed in fruits will form ice crystals. Top

muffin tins. Bake at 400 degrees F. with toasted nuts and a cherry and

for about 20 minutes. Cool, remove serve. Easy but so good and fesfrom paper cups. Cut top off each tive looking!

"Nt | lljjj

j0. wuu. MWtiJffiTO&jfj%

i= almonds 05m 2 packages Fleischmann's L Active Dry Yeast 1 cup warm potato water or warm water

SPRUCING UP THE LIVING ROOM Va cup(105115F.)lukewarm mashed potatoes

8 tablespoons sugar BY BLANCHE CAMPBELL 5Vi1 cupsteaspoonunsiftedsalt flour2 eggs,(about)beaten

Vz cup (1 stick) Fleischmann's

Margarine, melted and cooled Make piano keys look like new by can easily be cleaned in a soap suds Vz1 cupcup darkchoppedseedlessPlantersraisinsAlmonds cleaning them with a soft clot)?, bath unless the trimmings are glued 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel

moistened with lemon juice and on. Scrub gently with a brush, rinse, Dissolve yeast in warm potato water.

dipped in silver polish. and blot dry with a towel. Replace Add mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons

When cleaning Venetian blinds, worn bindings and other trimmings. sugar, 1 cup flour. Beat until smooth.

wear old cotton gloves. Then your A dry rubber sponge cleans moCover; let rise until bubbly (about Vz

Stir rest hour). of sugar, down; add hair and deep pile upholstery fingers can easily cleancovered

salt, until flour; beat smooth. 1 cup well. veryevery corner.

Stir in eggs, margarine. then Add

Paper stuck to polished furniture An excellent way to clean maraisins, almonds, lemon peel. Stir in

can be removed without marring the hogany furniture is to sponge it with enough flour to make soft dough.

surface if you soak the paper weir a cloth dipped in a pint of warm Knead until smooth, about 5 minutes.

with salad or cooking oil. Let it rewater to which one teaspoon each Place in greased bowl; turn to grease

main a few minutes, then rub of linseed oil and turpentine has top. Cover; let rise in warm draftfree

briskly with a cloth. Paper then can been added. place until doubled, about 1 hour.

be peeled off easily. To clean a dust mop swish it up Punch down. Divide into 4 equal

parts. rest Roll Let 5 min. piece each in hot sudsy water. Then the and to remove is an down Here easy way 16"rope. toBraid long 2 ropes

it out, radiators. the smooth wring gathers mop, thatdust behind and together. with remaining Repeat 2

First hang an old damp cloth bedry it in the air. Apply furniture ropes. Place on greased bakingsheets.

hind the radiator. Then with the polish lightly and it will pick up Cover; let rise in warm draftfree

hose and crevice tool attachment to dust as good as when new. place until doubled, about 40 min.

your vacuum cleaner blow the dirt To clean corners, cut an old Bake at 350 30 min. or until done.

onto the cloth. The cloth may be whisk broom into a V-shape. You Makes 2 great big beautiful braids.

it just the will find afterwards.discarded thing to reach "inaccessible. previously corners parchment lampshades Clean old

by wiping, not wetting them first, Leather and cardboard book bindwith a sudsy cloth, then with one ings will last longer and look better dipped in clear water. Silk shades if given a coat of clear shellac at

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

APRIL 1964 315 ARE YOU GOING TO EUROPE?

Have You a Missionary Returning Home?

housecleaning time.

Why not bring home an elegant To clean leather furniture, wash

MercedesBenz, at the lowest with a good saddle soap. Then

European retail price? (The savpolish with a reliable leather cream.

table top be- a marble When ing can pay for a good part of spotted, cleaned it can comes be your trip). We will honor the with a thick suds made from mild

Warranty and service your car soap in soft water. Hard water

when you are back home. Ask should never be used for it often

us for details. leaves a scum on the marble.

Iron rust on marble can be rethe stained spot by rubbing moved IMPORTS KEN GARFF juice. with lemon 525 So. State St. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DA 8-8541

To clean the very edge of mirrors without damaging the frame, or to clean the dirt out of those hard to get at ridges in nickle trim, wet a chamois in rich detergent suds.

Wring it well, then insert in a fold of it a match stick or thin bladed paring knife, using this point for routing dirt from the close corners or creases. This removes hard to get

dirt without damaging the surface.

Scrape candle wax off furniture with a piece of stiff cardboard. The

TIDINESS

BY PATRICIA DUFF McGINLEY MISSIONARIES The wind rolled up her fair, blue and Church workers sleeves A WEBCOR tape recorder can be And whirled around the sky, an excellent tool in your work. Shaking branches, dusting leaves,

TERMS—Call or write about our And making cloud puffs fly.

MISSIONARY plan.

The wind has swept the sidewalks

StereoTape Recorder clean Center And everywhere displayed 1568 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah Such energy, you've never seen

Another Clarence L. Jolley Enterprise A better chambermaid.

Kimni-mmBti-mtin t-o-mm-n+mm-o--o-*

the put natureMother scratch won't cardboard while a the minerals,vitamins, for IN USE SEVENTYFIVE YEARS nutrientsenergy producing finish. knife the would mar Wash

into grain of wheat. every in treatment simple of Canker, Aids off the stain with mild soap for there to use and are youThey

enjoy. you haveand When a j sore throat and other minor mouth water, using as little water as posMill can Flour youLEE Home

better health toeat your way all traces of wax have roll, loafwith every of bread and throat irritations. sible. When

you bake. been removed, rinse, dry, and reaway Why throw nature's wax the entire piece of furniture. Lee Householdbounty? Get a

MillFlour stone grind and old place wire hairbrush a has An HALL'S REMEDY flour for superbyour own it Salt Lake in easily the too, for cleaning flavor bag, comandwholesome City. Utah l nutritionalplete vigor. yX)4B()<l()'()(lil Write hairs threads the from removes and prices today.for

HANDY ELECTRIC COMPACT vacuum or carpet sweeper.

AUTOMATIC is small paint brush handy A JOIN QUALITY TOURS TO THE OUR or yourself. check for Send moneyJudge for corners dusting hard to reach or $1.00 for Flour $1.50 Smith lb. Deaforder for 5 Holy Land—Guatemala—Mexico

5 Hill Fair or recessed areas of heavily carved—World's Pageant Cumorah

using lb. WholeWisconsinMinnesotaWheat Flour. Flour—free recipes

Europe or Write—Orient—Call furniture.

CO. LEE ENGINEERING MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC. Dept. 1-E 4-64

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 14 South Main Street

Salt Lake City

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ';SS:!!S"2-S'fev!!?::;r:':!::V::.-::;;: '''':

Making sure you can "Fill it up"... year after year

Our country 's demand for petroleum energy will be up 55% in the next 15 years.

Many people think that petroleum is brought out These "assisted recovery"methods, developed of the ground simply by drilling wells and letting through years of research, are making new oil fields the oil flow out of its own accord. more productive, and bringing new life to old oil

The fact is, only about 20% of the petroleum in an fields. Besides being good business, they lengthen

average field will flow "of its own accord"before our country's petroleum supply.

the gas pressures give out, and the oil flow stops. If This is one of many ways in which Standard, with

we gave up then, gasoline would not be as plentiful, its large oil reserves in the ground, discharges its and the price would be higher. responsibility to conserve a vital resource... to keep

But, Standard's petroleum engineers don't give up. pace with our country's needs for industry, defense,

By supplementing oil field gas pressures with floods agriculture... and to make

of water, gases, detergents, or even controlled fire, sure you can "Fill it up,"year they often more than double normal recovery. after year.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COM PANY OF CALIFORNIA

APRIL 1964 317 These Times an important part in the first great First Presidency is, of course, the crisis of succession, following the Council of Twelve Apostles.

(Continued from page 247) murder of Joseph Smith, "first elder,"Thus the Church began in April chief apostle, and president, in 1844. 1830, with the apostleship and has

organs and authorities; (2) some On August 8, 1844, a special general so continued. As apostle and "first

statement of rights or guarantees conference of the Church voted to elder,"Joseph presided over the upon which those organs and auaccept the Twelve, with Brigham early constitutional development of thorities are not to infringe; (3) the Young as their President, as the the Church. Foreshadowing later

principles and procedures regulating governing council of the Churchtimes, when administrative requireappointment to and succession in continuing the constitutional pattern ments would require the office of office; and (4) the principles govforeshadowed in section 18 and folpresidency as an administrative neerning changes in the frame of govlowing the clear instructions of cessity, Joseph was sustained as Presiernment, the various features of the Joseph with respect to the fact that dent of the High Priesthood, April

constitution, or both. although the keys were restored to 26, 1832. Then between March 8 and

All four features are liberally set him, "where he was not,"and by March 18, 1833, he organized the forth and clearly made evident in the clear indication in the event of his First Presidency. The full Quorum of

Doctrine and Covenants. Each redeath and that of the "second elder,"Twelve Apostles was called at Kirtflects the delicate balance found in (Hyrum Smith succeeded to that land, February 14, 1835, and ordinathe two basic, fundamental, constitions to that office was begun that

later, day. days on March A few oftutional principles conduly (1) TREASURE received, section 1835, 107 28, wasstituted authority, and (2) free BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES constituting the as the "TravTwelve seen,agency. two, as have The we

eling Presiding Council under High toblend, understood, form when not has The child who of of direction the the Presidency of constitute the trueand meaning in limbs, leafy Climbed agreeable the Church, to the instituauthority.""divine God, who their pink blooming, is Seen

tion the to of build heaven; up neveromniscient omnipotent, and joyous bird hymns; Amid

affairs regulate church, all the and limitstheless his agents to methods.".. all in nations. of the same in dealingof "love with unfeigned"again them Nor climbed

other free agents. When blooming is done, The office of "President of the

Provisions for the powers and Finding fruit firmsweet, High Priesthood of the Church"(v.

duties of the principal organs and And warmripe with sun; 65ff. ) was also elaborated upon as

officers of Church government are the means of "administering of found in many sections. But secViewing the world from ordinances and blessings upon the

tions 18, 20, and 107 may be said to His green, hiding place, church, by the laying on of the constitute a useful primer for purRuling his kingdom, hands."The duties and bounds of

poses of the present discussion. SecWith innocent grace; the other major organs of church

tion 18, given in June 1829, sets government as we know them today forth the basic position of the Has been defied treasures were also set forth.

Twelve (see verses 2638) as "they Equalled by but few. This section (107:7784) also

who are ordained of me to ordain For here is sanctuary, deals with the most difficult probpriests and teachers; to declare my Food, the world made new. lems of any governmental system,

gospel,"even before the Church namely, the questions of "sovereign was organized. jurisdiction"in the event of disSection 20, April 1830, followed as associate role, replacing Oliver Cowagreement among church officers or

the initial, basic "Revelation on dery but died with Joseph); the church councils. An agency referred

Church Organization and GovernTwelve held the keys of the kingto as the "council of the church"ment."In its second verse, Joseph dom. Verse 66 of section 20 made (v. 78, also v. 80) is established. Its

Smith was affirmed as having been the necessary exception for the bejuridical role, viewed in the light of "called of God, and ordained an ginnings of new branches by providlegal and constitutional questions, is apostle of Jesus Christ, to be the ing that "the presiding elders"and roughly akin to that occupied by first elder of this church."Oliver others authorized, "may have the the Supreme Court of the United

Cowdery (verse 3) was similarly privilege of ordaining where there States in adjudicating questions of noted as an apostle and "second is no branch of the church that constitutional law in American govelder."The duties of other officers a vote may be called."(Italics ernment. "The council of the

and of members are then described: added.) Verse 67 then continues Church"as set forth herein appears

conferences were provided "once in that "Every president of the high to be authorized to function in two three months, or from time to time priesthood"(and other officers) "is ways: (1) as the Presidency of the

as said conferences shall direct or to be ordained by the direction of High Priesthood, and (2) with the appoint,"also the provision that a high council or general conferPresidency and "other high priests, "No person is to be ordained to any ence"as was done in the case of even twelve, to assist as counselors;

office in this church... without the President Brigham Young, every and thus the Presidency of the High

vote of that church."This provision, successor in the First Presidency of Priesthood and its counselors shall

revealed as the law of common conthe Church, and all other church have power to decide upon testisent and part of the divine pattern officers. The "high council"initiatmony according to the laws of the

for church government, was to play ing the action in the case of the church. And... this is the highest

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

council of the church of God, and a High Priesthood."

final decision upon controversies in It is of interest to observe that spiritual matters."during most of the history of the

Verses 81 and 82 continue to state Church, the First Presidency and the that no person is exempt from this Council of the Twelve, acting jointcouncil, even the President of the ly, have on occasion issued clarifyHigh Priesthood himself, and a ing statements and documents of in the (especially is great importance of the Church"council"common

Special for.. politifield of state, and the Presichurch and shouldmentioned. And

dent transgress, "he shall be had in cal affairs), generally followed by remembrance before the common action of a general conference ( such J[iotimoh Weddings council of the church, who shall be as the "Proclamation"of 1846, the Reception Invitations, Napkins, assisted by twelve counselors of the Manifesto of 1890, one entitled Albums, etc., featuring L.D.S.

temple designs. (Conventional

styles 100 for $5.95.) Write

for FREE catalog and samples.

REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 (Catalog sent airmail for 25c)

I THE "VENTILATION"FIVE TOURS to WORLD'S FAIR

SPOKEN WORD a FIRST - 21Day Tour - June 21 to July 11

This includes visit to Church Historical

Places but not the Pageant RICHARD L. EVANS SECOND—27DayThis includes theTour—JulyPageant and13 toa visitAugustto 8

Quebec and Montreal, Canada said: life,"physician eminent inflicted an "the pounding byIn speaking of Tour—July 23 to August 15 THIRD—24Day

of the course, to referring, us,"1 of important to any"Ventilation is deeply This includes the Pageant opening up and airing out of our burdens and problems and troublesFOURTH—16Day Tour—July 25 to August 9

talking and listening, counseling and confiding. This use of "ventilation"This includes the Pageant

is descriptive of something that all of us have to have. We all need someone FIFTH—ThreeWeek TourAug. 29 to Sept. 24

to talk to, someone to counsel with—an outlet for our ideas, and for the WORLD'S FAIR and NEW ENGLAND

pressures and worries that sometimes build up within us. Sometimes it and CANADIAN FALL TOURS

is not so much specific advice we need as simply someone to listen sincerely, This includes the Black Hills Passion Play while we more or less talk to ourselves. This is part of the priceless priviContact

lege of having an understanding family and thoughtful friends. There is

another kind of socalled "ventilation"that we might for a moment con460 SeventhESTHERAvenue—SaltJAMES LakeTOURSCity, Utah

sider, and that concerns the "symptoms"that worry and weigh upon us—and Telephone EL 9-8051

if we don't let in some light, we may imagine the worst. We need to If no answer call EM 3-5229

consult competent counsel and find out the facts. If it is as bad as

it seems, we need to know, and if it isn't we need to know. "... do notdistress yourself with dark imaginings,"wrote one writer. "Many fears V --—are born of fatigue and loneliness."2 Any of us at times may feel that we

listening talkingare carrying world, of the the weight but with around and.... - their that learn that our other people problems, seem -.: 'fi '"F '-<-. also have and ownwe

to lessen and lighten if only we let in the light. There is yet another side

of this subject that pertains especially to young people, and that is the wisdom of seeking counsel from parents, from family, from sincerely wholesome and trustworthy sources. It isn't wise or safe to be secretive about PRACTICE CAN BE FUN - Thanks to a wonimportant decisions. Families should learn to confide, children in parents; and derfullyteaching imaginativethe piano, andpracticeenchantingsessionsmethodcan acof

parents must learn understandingly to listen with patience to hear things tuallyteaches bethe fun.piano Thiscorrectly,new butmethodsimplifiesnot itonlyso

out and not too hastily come to conclusions. "People are lonely,"said that it's the answer to a piano teacher's prayer.

limby parents It can also be taught with a liesJoseph Fort Newton, "because they build walls instead of bridges."3 We ited of music. understanding The secret

musical storybook titled PIANO FAIRYLAND

Bucksten. Mrs. Dorothyshouldn't close up and contain our troubles so tightly that they become aby iningrown or overemphasized. We would well also confide prayerfully in PIANO FAIRYLAND is available in many

him who made us and whose children all of us are. God is a God of truth throughbook andthemusicpublishers,stores, 7917departmentW. ThirdstoresStreet,or

and light and would have us enjoy life and look at the light. We all need Lot Angeles 48, Calif.

a kind of wholesome ventilation, seeking counsel, talking things out, confiding, facing facts, approaching problems with truth and intelligence- 2-WAY RADIOS letting the light into our lives. BUY DIRECT FROM DISTRIBUTOR

Mobiles Base Stations iDr. Edward H. Ryneurson, The Physician, the Clergy, the Patient.

-Author Unknown. 15 Watt $286.25 15 Watt $319.60

'Joseph Fort Newton (18801950), American clergy. 30 Watt 335.75 30 Watt 355.15

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia 100 Watt 493.40 100 Watt 514.25

Broadcasting System, February 9, 1964. Copyright 1964. GUARANTEED Vern H. Bolinder Co,

To Outperform 3035 Imperial St.

All Other Radios Salt Lake City, Utah

Part Time Salesmen Wanted APRIL 1964 319

CONTINENTAL

COLLEGE of BEAUTY 2230 Sooth 7th East "Church and State, and Church 32. Important principles are here

Salt Lake City, Utah Discipline"in April 1896, and "The incorporated into "procedural"deInvites largest Beauty College Utah's you Address to the World"of 1907). vices in Church administration. 1 All a high for scholarships to if you are apply

character of high moral school who graduate the First rich are other sections, There quorums of authority, and from are dependnor smokes, neither drinks if you fruitful in instructed Presidency meaning, reveal onward, are which neat appearing. able, honest and

help you We light to workfind ina placeexchangeto livefor whereboard and enlarge the "constitution of the to make "every decision... by the do canyou

and room. Church;"for example, section 46 unanimous voice of the same."

TEN INSTRUCTORS contains rather broad, liberal proviOtherwise, "their decisions are not sions entitled the rights respecting to the blessings same of memwhich instructors ten who have all We have spebers the of decisions of three at Sacrament and nonmembers a quorum Utah's fields in all of cosmetology. cialized

of the year, Cosmetologist who will represent and other meetings. Section 46 also presidents were anciently."FurtherConvention Cosmetology Utah at the National

is working at Continental along with a student inspires respect and tolerance for more, "The decisions of these quoof hightypebody students you would be all God's children, their diversity of rums... are to be made in all with. associateproud to

We tries, from enroll NewstudentsZealandfrom tomanyEngland.foreignWecounare gifts, thoughts, and feelings ("For righteousness, in holiness, and lowliapproved fcr foreign students. all have not every gift given unto ness of heart, meekness and long

Mr. and Mrs. Herman Lund, owners of Conthem; for there are many gifts, and suffering, and in faith, and virtue,

try tinental, stay to make your a pleasant one. to every man is given a gift by the and knowledge, temperance, padetails. information for and Write

Spirit of God. To some is given tience, godliness, brotherly kindness

one, and to some is given another, and charity; Because the promise is,

WORLD'S FAIR -APRIL that all may be profited thereby,"if these things abound in them they

TO OCTOBER1964 versesan appreciative1112. Italicsbeginningadded.)can Butalshalledge notof thebe unfruitfulLord."in the knowlBoth Individual and ways be made with careful study of Such a constitution, with such

Group Tours sections 20 and 107. The divine procedural requirements for adminWORLD'S > the FAIR recognition of of istration, importance in village 15 branch, July whether 21 Days -

L.D.S.? & PAGEANT,,'gift given even a small "every man"; center, deacon's urban stake JuIy24 quo-

) $270.00 the divergences auxiliary which organization, family make for new rum, profit thereby"; the highest unit, or of the councils "that all may JUly. | Z5 )J IncludesCanadaabove$315.00and riches

and the real constitutional limits Church, is worth study, application, 45 JUNE By Air Days - or Ship which respect what the impatient and maintenance in these times. EUROPE $1,288 AUGUST

stubbornconsider as human may 1A term the lawyers will understand and HAWAII - MONTHLY 27appreciate. ness, are in section 107, verses

TOURS Margaret Lund Tours Letters and Reports ( Continued from page 248 3021 South 23rd East P. O. Box 2065

Salt Lake City, Utah 84109 HU 5-2444 - AM 2-2337 Idaho Falls 5222581

STEEL PIPE

2"to 40 11 Good for siphons, i I h m wells, pump lines. AWARDWINNING GIRLS HONORED

into sailed MIA""The Good Ship it last fall, carStakePARKER THOMAS CO. WhenSouth Cottonwood

1592 South 13th East ried 162 YWMIA girls who had earned

Salt Lake City, Utah passage by receiving individual awards for the preceding year.

Call IN 7-9565 At a special recognition evening in September, stake leaders honored the girls,

Our including 26 100% award winners. "The

YOUTH TOUR Good Ship MIA"was a vessel with sails

WORLD'S FAIR ofnantserviceof testimony,and activityandleadingtalks andto thedecorapen- leaves June 15 tions following this theme. FIRST EAGLES IN YEARS

Vida Fox Clawson Travel Karma Russell, South Cottonwood Ward, 216 So. 13th East Salt Lake City, Utah received her seventh consecutive 100% Two Tucson Boy Scouts broke a long

DA 8-0303 award. South Cottonwood Seventh Ward chain when they recently became Eagle

led the stake with all but two girls of MIA Scouts. They were Gary Mortenson, son

Little Giant Hotomatic age earning awards. The stake also honof Mr. and Mrs. William Mortenson, and

Gas Water Heater No. 3 ored girls who had missed not more than Terry Maynard. son of Mr. and Mrs. G. E.

all Will supply water the hot said Maynard. Scoutmaster Nelson School, Sacrament and Max Sunday one MIA, needed for Baptistries, Church "99 perthey a (Arizona) in Third termed are Tucson Ward's what was Kitchens, Rest Rooms. Heats meeting

450 GPH, 20 rise in temperacenters"program. first Eagle Scouts "in many years."

ture. Inexpensive. Write for

free folders on water heaters and Fiberglass Baptistries.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 3 20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA erg of youth April *>w Marion D. Hanks,toEditor

laine Cannon, Associate Editor d to tnc * not gangs-

-n,eygetthem ave

tna w To prove

-X

==c* "Past the old Raadhus. -

U**THa teena*** mostly sw totes, m the iamousTheVre y smoke. orAre >t <""**drink dont., they a. U-'MsUSKeos

le And in their Upon a sea of salt.

misaonaries bring.

The teenagers in Scotland Play bagpipes for a tune And when a body meets a body It's on Brig.a.Doon

Tliey gather heather on the moors

Dressed in the latest fad:

Kilts and caps in gold and green

The MIA clan plaid I

The teenagers in Hong Kong Ride rickshaws round pagodas crosslegged They sit upon the floor and sodas. To have their rice They

They seldom spill with chopsticks.

Wear cheongsams for meanders (Though Mormon girls sew up the slits

According to church standards} walk, The teenagers in England Watch hecklers at Htfe ft,* Or take the tube to Buckingham

When they are on a lark.

""nod to bobbies on** beat Call Cheerio"to friends And tote a black umbrella as ey stroll beside the Thames.

The teena

r, n Po/ at, 7VBVBlIaai. r,Wa.

***'*(few

Vn pan* >etfatfe*"s 1 suzeues TT'-t**** crepe a1nd are acs savs \>Ut - t1 SeWe the

0.1 travel tilt TSh iPMi*i<iiymij,i7 oUtdc**s

\aus * %*#******* t U* i\\& & w* 13OT Att Retn rvte00"

tw* *&iifl**?

c0,ne att

*QPA is MA in USA

Whatever country you call home,

Satisfy your soul By working hard till you become

Top teen on the totem pole.

The world of LDS youth is flavored with cultures from far corners. They travel as

exchange students, accompany their parents to preside over missions. They accept an

assignment to go where needed to build new places of worship. Each year around 5,000

young people under 21 leave home for two years or more to teach people the truths of the restored gospel, a part of the missionary program of The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. Their efforts have resulted

in something besides rapidly rising baptismal rates. A firm bond of brotherhood is building

up between people in different lands. A boy

from Kansas lives two years in Hong Kong and comes fiome to teach a new bride how to cook rice. An Australian labors in London

and happily trades steak for kidney pie. A

New Yorker goes to Uruguay. A Canadian

preaches in Mexico. An Englishman helps in

New Zealand. A Utahn goes to France. Fruitful months living away from home learning

to speak a language, eating new foods, making new friends, seeing new sights, hearing another musical beat, give LDS youth in great number a marvelous mixmatch experience.

Having fun in the cosmopolitan manner but with overtones of Mormon high standard of behavior is something they are skilled at.

They have Sukiyaki suppers and Swedish

Smorgasbords. They have candlelight feasts

in the French fashion, or a Dutch cycling spree or a Swiss Sunday evening musicale or an English teatime dance.

The Last Word

A man owes it to himself to become successful; after

that, he owes it to the Internal Revenue Service.

The geography teacher asked Bobby a Winter's done, and April's in the question about the English channel. "I skies, Earth, look up with laughter

don't know,"answered Bobby. "We don't in your eyes.—Charles G. D.

get that channel on our television set."Roberts, An April Adoration

Ideals are like stars. You will The rural dentist consulting an elderly

not succeed in touching them patient asked, "Could you pay for a with your hands, but choose dental plate if I found one necessary?"

them as your guides, follow The shrewd old farmer hesitated for a them, and you will reach your moment, then replied, "Would you find destiny.—The Silver Cross one necessary if I couldn't pay for it?"

How do you know you're at the end of The thoughts of youth are long, long your rope? It may be just the beginning. thoughts.—Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

Memory is what makes you wonder what you've forgotten to do.

The man who insists on seeing The serene, silent beauty of a holy life Nothing can be right with perfect clearness before he is the most powerful influence in the to the man whose decides, never decides.—Amiel world, next to the might of God.—Pascal heart is wrong.

For, lo, the winter is past, What delights us in the spring is more the rain is over and gone; a sensation than an experience, more a

The flowers appear on hope than any visible reality. There is

the earth; the time of the something in the softness of the air, in

singing of birds is come, the lengthening of the days, in the very and the voice of the turtle sounds and odors of sweet time, that is heard in our land. caresses us and consoles us after the

Song of Solomon 2:1112 rigorous weeks of winter.—Hamerton

We know the value of a future when Unless there is within us that we have earned it, and that of a which is above us, we will soon friend when we have lost him. yield to that which is about us.

Whatyou have been waiting for in Salt Lake City!

A Magnificent Sky Home So Near So Much

Looking for living as you like it where you like it? frigerated electric air conditioning with individual

nnnctrnntinnConstruction isis erViprlschedulediil=>rl tnto Kforinbegin inin JuneInnp r\non tthe apartment home controls. All electric kitchens include

builtin electric disposer, range, dishwasher, and refrigerrise total elegant, spectacularly electric high—Temple ator. Central laundry each floor with automatic on washTerrace, 1 7 stories units. with Exte300 apartment home

rior walls will be of white, goldveined Colorado marble. ers and dryers. Light for Living and Full Housepower.

Next to the City's Heart Beats. On a quiet street Conveniences Everywhere. High speed elevators.

across from the new Deseret Gymnasium, now under Units with one, two, or three bedrooms. Freshas-spring

construction, which will offer modern facilities for air in hallways with electric system which carries air swimming, handball, volleyball, steam rooms, separate movement from hallways to units, not from units to hallgymnasiums for men and women, and other activities. ways. Heated garage with doors which open automaticOnly a block from Temple Square and 2 blocks from ally to transistor controls in your car. Inside fireplaces

the rising walls of the new Church Administration and outside barbecues with some units. Spacious swimBuilding. A short walk from Hotel Utah, smart dining ming pool, club room for private parties and recreation.

places and the city's downtown conveniences. Two blocks Own Your Own Sky Home. Condominium ownership.

from the Capitol grounds. Only a 10 minute drive from Apartment homes begin at $12,690. Low down paythe airport. ments and moderate monthly payments. A sound

Glorious Balcony View. Most sky homes at Temple investment for today or tomorrow.

Terrace have a spacious IV2 x 24 foot balcony, with Act Now. Early respondents receive the choice of

incomparable views of ruby red sunsets over Great Salt better located apartment homes, choice of interior colors

Lake, the snowcapped Rockies, the "Promised Valley"and appointments. Write for free brochure, available

by day and the city's jewellike lights at night. without obligation at Temple Terrace Company, 53 East

Wonderful Total Electric Living. Cleanas-light electric Fourth South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

heating with roomby-room temperature controls. Rewto

K..; f r-n "m

to

'i m m "C to 1 rj- -y 4i$> 9 '11

'iV.'i.iEifc!'"1

HJ&8W*&

First North, Near Main Salt Lake City, Utah Exclusive Sales Agent Temple Terrace

Professional R. Development, Buchanan,Golden Inc. APARTMENT HOMES

Fifth25 East St., Salt South Lake City, Utah - DA 2-3451

Second Class Postage Paid at SaltLake City, Utah

'Honey, can we possibly squeeze out a $10.94 monthly

life insurance premium from our food budget?"

Little did Helen realize what it would shortly mean to her as she agreed with Cliff to Experience teaches, extract that amount from an for things that matter... already bursting budget. They

were doing what they both felt a—purchasing was right

Beneficial Benefactor Family You9re never policy they had discussed which their agent. too poor! with

Before Helen had occasion to purchase groceries again, Cliff was dead.

There can be nothing save time itself to dull the grief and emptiness of the loss of a loved one, yet the practical considerations of life go relentlessly on.

That $10.94 premium returned to Helen $10,000 in

accidental death benefits. In

addition, it furnished a paidup policy of $1,925 on her own life and a $1,000 policy, premium free, on their son until he reaches age twentytwo.

With this money, Helen was able to pay all of the debts they owed, clear the mortgage on her modest home, and there is still a substantial balance left with Beneficial Life drawing interest at 4% per year.

From the Beneficial Life files

BENEFICIAL LITE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah