3FmprobemrotraV0L39NCHI>* NOVEMBERNINETEEN HUNDRED ANDTHIRTY SIX

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Truly a Great Hotel...

In a Great City....

THE HOTEL UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

The modernization program which has been underway for many months at the Hotel Utah, and which is now nearing completion, makes this hotel one to be admired by tourists and Utah residents alike. Every department has been thoroughly scrutinized

and improved in order that the public might be better served. But, aside from the physical changes at the Utah,

we hope that our feeling of hospitality and friendliness will be imparted to all who enter our portals.

Everyone thoroughly enjoys these smart Hotel Utah features—

TYPICAL GUEST ROOM Empire Dining Room sure and City, visit Sail be Lake you When 9Hotel Utah Coffee Shop extremely are beds Utah. stop at the The

comfortable, the rooms cheery, light and The Rendezvous tastefully decorated.

Rates from $2.50 (paiiden* The Stflirlite bath with GUY TOOMBES, Manager (SUMMER ONLY)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

-tl——i|-—II—<——1| ii t| tl—in i m ilm i i. Hb—inn ti n m l) mi i ill II I* ti'"II'H 'II H It''t| m *1 'II 'I 'H T it M....||.-—u Hi

i 6 Every Business is the Lengthened

Shadow of a Single Man'

ji\s A YOUNG MAN nineteen years of age—more than sixty years ago—Heber J.

Grant started the fire insurance agency which now bears his name. jAs a man of

thirty years of age—more than fifty years

ago—he organized the Utah Home Fire

Insurance Company. JA lifetime of faithful and efficient service to policy holders

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

Heber J. Grant & Company

General Agents

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

CONGRATULATIONS

TO PRESIDENT GRANT 80th BIRTHDAY ON HIS

join with his friends and associates yj E in paying tribute to him for his lifelong efforts devoted to the welfare of humanity and extend felicitations and best wishes for his good health and happiness during many years to come.

FIRST SECURITY CORPORATION

AND ITS BANKS

Members of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1934

SAN FRANCISCO

for only *I more!

If you're going to Los Angeles, you can include

San Francisco in your first class roundtrip ticket tor only $1 extra rail fare!

Take our scenic Overland Route across Great

Salt Lake, through Reno and over the High Sierra.

Cross the bay on a Southern Pacific ferry under the largest bridge in the world. Then take a day

or night train to Los Angeles. Return the same

way or via Las Vegas.

H Los Angeles and Back *32 Via San Francisco. Return limit 21 days.

This fare is good in AIRCONDITIONED standard Pullmans (plus berth) on TWO TRAINS

DAILY: l* v OVERLAND LIMITED. Through Pullman leaves SALT

LAKE CITY 8:15 a.m.

PACIFIC LIMITED. Through Pullman leaves SALT

LAKE CITY 11:20 p.m. Both trains are AIRCON-

DITIONED.

San Francisco $12—one way fare in AIRCONDITIONED coaches

and chair cars.

Southern Pacific >y For information or reservations, call or write D. R.

Owen, General Agent, 41 So. Main St., Salt Lake City.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

cfeadership

V TO history of this bank could be truthfully written without giving in it grateful acknowledgment of the Qy helpful influence of its present head, Heber J. Grant.

When Utah State National Bank was created in 1912 through the consolidation of three banks, Heber J. Grant was one of the

leading spirits in the movement, being, at that time, the president of one of the three merged institutions.

From then, until the death of the late President Joseph F.

Smith in 1918, Heber J. Grant served as one of the bank's

board of directors, succeeding President Smith as the bank's president when the vacancy occurred.

Under the able leadership and wise guidance of President

Grant, Utah State National Bank has steadily grown in resources and influence until today it ranks as one of the strong banks of the nation... a leader among the nation's leading

financial institutions for sound and progressive banking.

Board of Directors

UTAH STATE NATIONAL BANK

Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

A. P. Photo Reproduced by Courtesy A. P. and Salt Lake TribuneTelegram

PRESIDENT 'GRANT AND HENRY FORD AT DEARBORN

his Gtgntietk UjhthdaijOn

we pay nonor to PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT,

distinguished leader of

tkeCnurck

or Jesus Cnrist or Latterclay Oaints.

FORD MOTOR COMPANY 653 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

President Heber J. Grant

Cln Ciraent [Pioneer ana {Beloved JLeaai

IS a happy privilege to extend our hearty con- \J T \/ gratulations and sincere good wishes to President

Grant on his eightieth birthday.

In many fields of endeavor he has exerted, and continues to exert, distinguished leadership. With the zeal of the

true pioneer, he has made notable contributions to the solid and substantial growth of his Church, to the business life of his community and to the economic progress of his

people.

We who have pioneered along industrial and commercial lines, know something of the obstacles and struggles that lie in the pathway of all pioneers. That President

Grant has earned the respect and admiration of great and small, speaks volumes for his outstanding ability, his philosophy of life and his strength of character.

With deep and abiding faith, with vigor of mind and body, he enters his fifth score of years with the enduring love of his people and the highest esteem and good wishes of honest men everywhere. May he have many happy

returns of the day.

mourvrom fikl supply - - company - -

Supplying Twentyone Utah Communities with Gas Service

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

The Burlington Salutes...

HEBER J. GRANT

honor an inspiring churchman and a dynamic and sagacious leader, the Burlington adds sincere voice to the spontaneous chorus felicitating and congratulating President Heber J. Grant upon the event

of his eightieth birthday. JBurlington's good wishes generate partly from pleasant associations with President Grant

in the presentday affairs of the intermountain country, partly from the fact that this railroad's 86 years of corporate history is contemporary with his own span of years, and partly because Burlington rails constitute a link between the Zion of today and the scenes of the Genesis of Mormonism. jThe

Burlington had its birth in Illinois where the Prophet Joseph

Smith reclaimed a marsh at Nauvoo and began the building of a Zion similar to that later achieved in Salt Lake City. From

seeds sown by the vanguard of Mormon emigration for those who followed to reap, there sprang a continuous harvest which encouraged the young railroad to push into Iowa. When the

Burlington continued its westward march toward the Rockies, its rails often were laid almost in the wagon tracks left by

Brigham Young and his valiant followers. jToday, with lines

in Colorado, Wyoming and Montana, the Burlington has become a major artery for the vast commerce of an Intermountain Empire that had its inception when Mormon pioneers reached the shores of Great Salt Lake on July 24, 1847. It

is an empire builded by the faith and courage and enterprise of a great people under a brilliant and inspired leadership, splendidly typified in the person of Heber J. Grant.

Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad

RALPH BUDD,

President.

The l. D. S. business College Extends greetings and Congratulations

to President Heber J. Grant on His birthday

Milton H, Ross Penmanship, Bookkeeping

Feramorz Y. Fox, President

I yuring its fifty years of service to young people of the InterFlorence ShorthandP. Evans R. VernonEthicsLarsen mountain territory, the L. D. S. EugeneShorthandC. Hinckley M audEMPLOYMENTN. Leaver

College has found President Heber J. Grant to be a wise counselor and true friend of the

school. His personal contributions have enabled the College to

provide an education for many students who otherwise could not have attended; his guiding hand

has helped the institution to ride out many a hard storm.

Katie C. Jensen Iris Irons gweneth g. Gates Allien Russon

PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT TYPEWRITING Secretary Shorthand

heber c. Kimball

Claud Mabel Brown Scott D. Spencer Examae Jenson Accounting John Office Machines Shorthand Office Salesmanship

Joyce Richardson Elsie Kienitz

Accounting Treasurer Joseph e. Richards Norma Knight Kenneth S. Bennion Miriam Parker

Commercial Law Stenotypy English office

DAY AND EVENING CLASSES A CARD WILL BRING

ALL THE YEAR LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE 70FULLNorthINFORMATIONMain Street

WASATCH 1812 Salt Lake City. Utah

Sp&riaL fcdiJtiojVL Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editor MPROVEMENT

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. NOVEMBER, 1936

"The Glory of God is Intelligence'"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

COMMITTEE, OF MUSIC EDUCATION, MENT WARD ERATHIS MONTH OFFICIALTEACHERS,ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, CHURCH OF THE AGENCIES AND OTHER

THIS MONTH BEGINS THE FORTIETH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF THE PUBLICATION OF "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,"

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD, MUTUAL

ASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT DETABLE OF CONTENTS

PARTMENT OF EDUCATION, CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE, AND OTHER CHURCH AGENCIES. C/eature LArticlesUrticle

THIS ALSO MONTH MARKS THE Grant from the Utterances of The President Heber 659 J. Speaks—Excerpts

EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY President 662 Widtsoe A. John Man Grant—The

OF PRESIDENT J. GRANT, HEBER Octogenarians 667 Two

EDITORIN-CHIEF AND PRINCIPAL Heber J. Grant—the Apostle and President of the Church FOUNDER OF "THE IMPROVEMENT Rudger Clawson 668

ERA."President Grant—the Patron of Drama, Literature, Art, and Music

"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"TAKES George D. Pyper 671 PLEASURE IN COMBINING THESE TWO President Grant—Lover of Youth B. S. Hinckley 677

NOTABLE ANNIVERSARIES AND IN A Father Who Is Loved and Honored Lucy Grant Cannon 680 DEDICATING THIS ISSUE TO PRESIPresident Grant—the Business Man Heber M. Wells 686

DENT HEBER J. GRANT. Memories of Faroff Japan Alma O. Taylor 690

President Joseph F. Smith's Last Message David A. Smith 692

The Mission President in Europe R. Eugene Allen 694

President Grant, Defender of the Word of Wisdom James H. Wallis 696

A Thousand Years of Ancestry Archibald F. Bennett 699

President Grant as "Jim the Penman"Richard L. Evans 701

Father's Fifty Years in the Thirteenth Ward Rachel Grant Taylor 713

Appreciation May Booth Talmage 719NEXT MONTH An 'ERA'"THE TELLS THE CHURCH CHURCH."NEXT THE ABOUT MONTH cJrtbutes ana (congratulations

"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"WILL BE- A New Milestone in a Life of Service J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 661

GIN A SERIES OF FEATURE ARTICLES President Grant Still Young at Eighty David O. McKay 661

DEALING WITH THE CHURCHWIDE To President Heber J. Grant The Council of the Twelve 670

PROGRESS OF THE CHURCH SECURITY To the Man Who Clings to Ideals The First Council of the Seventy 676

PROGRAM. Eighty Years of Achievement Presiding Bishopric 685

NEXT MONTH ALSO THE "ERA"A Pledge of Loyalty and Devotion Auxiliary Organizations 693

WILL CONTAIN A CHRISTMAS STORY

BY WOOLSEY, MARYHALE THE THIRD

INSTALLMENT "THE OUTLAW OF OF Special CJeatures

NAVAJO MOUNTAIN,"AND OTHER The Frontispiece, President Grant Overlooking Grand Canyon, 658; Augusta

REGULAR AND SPECIAL FEATURES: Winters Grant, 666; Your Page and Ours, 728; Index to Advertisers, 709.

POETRY

FICTION (oditoriai HOMING EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE Prophetic Leadership John A. Widtsoe 692

SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLE YOUR PAGE AND OURS croetra Meditation at Dawn, Herbert H, McKusick, 722; His Promise Repeated,

Hilda James Worley. 722; Be Brave O Heart, Bryce W. Anderson, 717;

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL ToBellePresidentWatson HeberAnderson,J. Grant,717; RuthThanksgiving,May Fox, Clara722; ToAikena HandcartSpeer, 718;Veteran,For

OFFICES: Zenor More Year, Pratt, 718; Renewal, Eva Willes Wangsgaard, Grace One

Street, SO North Main Smith, 720. Helen Salt Lake 718; War,

City, Utah Copyright 1932, by the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association Corporation of the

Latterday Saints.Church of Jesus Christ of

reserved. price, e Lrielief Society iflagazine anaAll rights Subscription

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, as secondclass matter.Utah, Acceptance J). JL. Illiliennial cJne S. Star

for at special rate of postage mailing this special limited edition of proFor the November, 1936 Improvement Era vided for in section 1103, Act of October, reprints have been made of articles and tributes from the November, 1936 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Relief Society Magazine and Millennial Star. See pages 703 to 712, inclusive.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes and will exercise care in handling all contributions. oJhe PresidentOoverHeber J. Grant has often spoken high praise of the work of the late John Willard

Clawson, eminent Utah artist; and so, as The Improvement Era honors its senior Editor

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY 1936,andwe principalreproducefounderin full oncolortheprocesscomingthisof portraithis eightiethin oil birthdayof Heberanniversary*J. Grant by NovemberJohn Willard22,

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY Clawson,reproduced Soa portraitfar as inwefullarecolorawareprocess.this is the first time any periodical ot *his Church has

* *...

'&? S 5 I |i"s & * The president speaks Excerpts from the Oentenceand GreatSermonsCareerFromofthea LongMan UTTERANCES OF Who has Drawn From the Source of all Wisdom. HEBERJ.GRANT

On Temple Marriage: ments of the Lord, those who live up to the requirements of

Thelifeblessingstogether, andfor promisestime and thateternity,come infroma beginningtemple of thetestimonyGospelandgrowa knowledgefrom day ofto thedayGospel,and yearand toa determinayear in a the Lord, cannot be obtained in any other way and tion to encourage others to investigate the plan of life and worthy young Latterday Saint men and women who salvation.

so begin life together find that their eternal partnership under the everlasting covenant becomes the foundation upon On Mission Service:

which are built peace, happiness, virtue, love, and all of In all my labors I got nearer to the Lord, and accomthe other eternal verities of life, here and hereafter. plished more, and had more joy while in the mission field

than ever before or since. Man is that he may have joy, and

On Leadership: the joy that I had in the mission field was superior to any

I will ask no man to be more liberal with his means than I have ever experienced elsewhere. Get it into your hearts,

I am with mine, in proportion to what he possesses, for young people, to prepare yourselves to go out into the the advancement of God's kingdom. I will ask no man to world where you can get on your knees and draw nearer

observe the Word of Wisdom any more closely than I to the Lord than in any other labor.

observe it. I will ask no man to be more conscientious and

prompt in the payment of his tithes and offerings than I On Human Liberties:

will be. I will ask no man to be more ready and willing Every faithful Latterday Saint believes beyond a shadow

to come early and to go late, and to labor with full power of doubt, that to each individual the free exercise of conof mind and body, than I will, always in humility. science, the right and control of property, and the protection of life are inherent rights of which he should never be

On His Mother: deprived.

I live today in the eightieth year of my life as one whose mother was all to me. She set an example of integrity, On Persecution:

of devotion and love, and of determination and honor secWe ask people to judge us by the standard laid down ond to none. Her life was a sermon that rings through by our Savior: "By their fruits ye shall know them."Our

my soul to this day. One of the main reasons I am Presireputation was equally as bad as the Savior's, and our

dent of the Church today is that I have followed the adenemies wanted to kill us, but we escaped.

vice and counsel and the burning testimony of the divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ, which came to me from my mother. On the Word of Wisdom:

The Word of Wisdom is the law of God; President

On Faith: Brigham Young declared it to be such, therefore, we are

Faith is a gift of God, and when people have faith to breaking one of the commandments of God if we fail to live the Gospel, and to listen to the counsel of those who obey the Word of Wisdom.

preside in the wards and stakes, and of the General Authorities of the Church, it has been my experience that they On Missionary Loyalty:

blessed abundantly of the that Lord,have been and many all the greatest testimonies the great of of the of One diffifinancialof them of great other out have come and is divinity the of the I are engaged, in which and work you inculties miraculous wonderful a most and "Obeway. all fact that this in that the years man, has been Gospel no

is sacrifice, better to thandience the than hearken and fat proclaimed, returned mission ever has from a and announced of rams."that he has found the truth in some other part of the

On Church Publications: world. It is not to be found.

First of all, I hope that in every home you have the Era. Definition of a Real Latterday Saint:

is in the great material of our magazines judgmentIn my Latterday Saint husband; good he is a is a good A real I in that Saints. feel the Latterdayvalue the of homes

is father; a neighbor; he he is good a and a good citizen; isthe indeed, support received wonderful very have we

all round. good man if are various there the stakes inbut and wards any homes

where this splendid magazine fails to come, I hope that you

Speaks: God they are not Whenyoung people—if

riches not allow the of the education or the wisdom, Dotaking that the house. peoplemagazine—towill persuadehaveyourit in

or the anything else, to world blind our eyes to the fact

On the Auxiliaries: that this is God's work, and that the mouthpiece of God is

The one and supreme object of all the labor that we as on the earth; when he speaks, let us be ready and willing

Latterday Saints are performing in the Mutual Improvewith our time, our talents, and all that has been given us ment Associations, the Sunday School, and the Primary to labor to fulfil what God desires.

Association, is the conversion of our young people to the divinity of the work in which we are engaged. On the Path of Safety:

is safety to of Saints, but path the Latterday one There of Duty: NeglectOn

is is It it that is of duty. path testimony, the not and not a it I in seen high high as men, even have places—as it is manifestations, is marvelous not that the knowing Gosfall I this to in seen possible Church. them reach have

it is is it true, Christ that pel of of the salvation, Jesus plan it spiritually; in die gradually has been every caseand and

is is that actually the not the Savior knowing Redeemer, it failing of neglect duty; of has because of been because

prophet, that Smith His Joseph that will save was you requirements of to live of the Gospel the Lord and up to the it is the of the but me, keeping and of God, commandments Christ. to the obedient commandJesus Those who are

life Saint. Latterday the of the living a

Authorities Directed by God: On Living the Gospel:

the of the of are have commandments the most God The servants We HEBER J. GRANT before in word, us the written that ever been CHURCH Lord humble have men CHRONOLOGY life. in to our time time associated take ACTIVITY from and with we have They myI

no credit to themselves; they realize Born November 22, 1856, at Salt minds refreshed by the outpouring

that they are dependent upon God Lake City, Utah, son of Jedediah M. of the Holy Spirit upon those who

alone, and that without the inspiraGrant, First Mayor of Salt Lake are called upon to preach to us. There

tion of His spirit they are as naught. City, and Rachel Ridgeway Ivins is therefore no excuse for the LatterThey know that God lives and that Grant. day Saint who does not keep the

He directs them. Baptized a Member of the Church commandments of God. We cannot

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints say that we do not know what our

On Temple Work: June 22, 1864. duties are, because they are so often

I rejoice in the temple work that is Ordained an Elder at about 15 and so forcibly brought to our minds being done, and I wish to ask the years of age. by those who speak to us.

Saints to try to shape their affairs so Made a member of the presidency to the occasionally that Attitude they the can Jews: go Toward first the Thirteenth ward Young of

I illwill, I felt should temple. that and There years be no For I was AssociImprovement Mutual Men's

in the sure there heart of is none, find too to evening busy or an am a day ation, 10, the 1875, which was June in which to go to the temple. Then first ward organization effected by any true Latterday Saint, toward

I made up my mind that by planning Junius F. Wells, under direct appoint'the Jewish people. By the authority

that the of of affairs, Priesthood God, staying Holy from by away my Young. ment of Brigham

the earth, restored again to has theatres, lectures been concerts or or or 16, 1876, Seventy Ordained a June ministration, the the I under to that operas, the and by could temple go Stevenson. by Edward of direction the of Prophet God, least at every and once have week Priest October a Ordained High Christ the of Apostles Jesus Lord behalf in ordinances performed

1880, of 31, Taylor. by John to the been have of loved Holy Land and have ones had some who my

President Called Taylor John by that for return dedicated the country passed making mind away. up By my

preside to the over Stake Tooele I in that the I of of believe the difficulty this and Jews; that could we do had no

whatever in going through the temple Zion, October, 1880, before he was due time of the Lord they shall be in once a week during an entire year. 24 years of age. the favor of God again. And let no

The next year I felt that by a little Ordained an Apostle by George Latterday Saint be guilty of taking extra effort I could go twice a week, Q. Cannon, and became a member any part in any crusade against these

and I had no difficulty in doing this. of the Quorum of the Twelve Ocpeople. I believe in no other part

tober 16, 1882, before he was 26 of the world is there as good a feeling

On the Book of Mormon: years of age. in the hearts of mankind towards the

I read the Book of Mormon Became a member of the General Jewish people as among the Latterthrough, prayerfully, as a young man Superintendency of the Young Men's day Saints.

in my teens, and I became absolutely Mutual Improvement Association, converted that it is exactly what it in 1897. On the Successful Man:

purports to be, namely, a record of Became manager of the ImproveNot he who merely succeeds in the handdealings of God with many ment Era, of which he was the prinmaking a fortune, and in so doing peoples that had located on the Amercipal founder, November, 1897. blunts the natural affections of the

ican continents before Columbus disOpened the Japanese mission and heart, and chases therefrom the love covered America. presided over it from August, 1901, of his fellows, can be said to be truly

to September, 1903. successful: but he who so lives that

shall Bible: Concerning those best the love him know who British the Presided over and Eumost; life that him finding All and God, knows adwho been I have my the Missions ropean Church from of

his only deeds, the not also but inmost ditional is the that evidences Bible the 1, 5, ro 1904, December January shall his of him; love sentiments the that of of books, and Book Book 1906.

of one, is such for an greatest the witness Mormon heart,only—notwithstandthe President Council Became of it in die ing be the he truth that the Bible of may has ever poverty—can 1916. 23, the Twelve, November of truth, said indeed of "he should and published. a been

Became President of the Church of be crowned with the wreath of sucTestimony to the World: Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, cess."

It has been my privilege to bear November 23, 1918.

my testimony in England, Ireland, Became editor of the Improvement Concerning the Sabbath Day:

Scotland, Wales, Germany, France, Era, December, 1918. I feel that it is a reproach to the

Belgium, Holland, Switzerland, AusLatter-day Saints that we should tria, Italy, Norway, Sweden, Denhave amusements in our towns and mark; in Canada and Mexico; in the cities on the day of the Lord. As the

Hawaiian Islands and in faroff Japan, that I know as I years come and go, and young men and young women know I live, that God lives. I have approached him in go to their ruin because of losing their respect for the

prayer time and time again,and my prayers have been anSabbath, and the sacredness of the day, I feel that the men swered beyond question of a doubt. I know that Jesus Christ who have sat in the legislature, and who have failed to prois the Son of the living God, the Redeemer of the world; that tect us against the evil, will have much to answer for.

He came to earth with a divinely appointed mission to die upon the cross for the sins of mankind. I know as I know On Genealogy:

that I live that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the true and No more wonderful thing has ever been accomplished in the living God, and that his declaration that we should be the history of the world than the turning of the hearts of driven from city to city, from county to county, state to the children to their fathers. From the day this message

state, and finally to the Rocky Mountains, has been literally was declared by Moroni to the Prophet Joseph, men and fulfilled. women all over the world have been organizing societies,

hunting up their ancestors, and compiling genealogical recfamilies. their of ords Millions of dollars have been exTithing: On

for purposes. these pended It is our duty to settle with the Lord first, and I intend

it, Father. the with help Heavenly to do of my And Success: I On to will to Lord, you, with the say be honest want if you I realize that it requires a constant effort on the part of

paying your tithing and keeping his commandments, He each and every one of us to make a success of our lives.

will not only bless you with the light and inspiration of It requires no effort at all to roll down the hill, but it does

His Holy Spirit, but you will be blessed in dollars and require an effort to climb to the summit. It needs no effort

cents; you will be enabled to pay your debts, and the Lord to walk in the broad way that leads to destruction; but it

will pour out temporal blessings upon you in great abunneeds an effort to keep in the straight and narrow path that dance. leads to life eternal.

a

A New Milestone President Grant in A LIFE OF still young SERVICE at eighty 'ighty years old—sixtyfive years of

service in his Church: The first nine s President Heber J. Grant cele-

I I years of service in his Priesthood brates the eightieth anniversary of quorums and in the Y. M. M. I. A.; then two years his birth, he exemplifies in his robust,

thirtythen Stake; the of President vigoras some Tooele mental strength and physical active how lifeR

the ofsix register of the of time years as Quorum a years. member passing the The can defy

Twelve; and, as a fitting roundingout of these says that he is fourscore years of age, but his

earlier, fruitful years, eighteen years as President of erect stature, his unusual acumen and buoyancy of the Church. spirit aver that he is at least twenty years younger.

He comes to the new milestone, seasoned in He is an ideal example of the facts set forth in one experience, disciplined in spirit, ripened in wisdom, of his favorite quotations:

filled with the inspiration of the Lord for his many is quality ofmind; a Age responsibilities.duties great and

left behind, If you've dreams your heights these to climbs every Like man who is cold; If hope toil, the trailside, long years has left of hethrough by ahead, If longer look no you

life. of the slopes, dross steepas the he struggled up fires are If ambitions'your Two of the things that most burden man's spirit Then you are old. dead

and weight and clog his footsteps as he climbs for the higher and nobler existence are greed for But if from life you take the best, wealth and thirst for worldly power. These he cast And if in life you keep the zest,

hold; If love you first wealth. of love to early. go was Theaway years the go by, matter how age, of had No he quite years twentyfour not At fly birthdays the matter how No financial effort, opporofbuilt, his position a by own old. are not You

tunity and reward which few men have at twice the age. Called to Tooele Stake to preside, he accepted

the call without an instant's hesitation, knowing it President Grant appreciates and enjoys the best meant the sacrifice of this financial position. He in life, particularly in the field of art, literature,

obeyed the principles which the Master taught to music, social contacts, and religion. He enjoys a

the rich young ruler. good joke, and his whole countenance radiates

been heart never at has rich His pleasure humor. preferof out a his hope he had boy marked As

for especially near loving, those tender and more field. political statehood in forty the was Atment

birthday. it is eightieth than him, to on his and dear his to But he came. chancegiven was Utah and

shown that his service lay elsewhere, and again he Therefore, willingly gave up a cherished dream, that he might No matter how the years go by, devote himself to the things of the Spirit rather than No matter how the birthdays fly to the matters of the earth. He is not old.

Again he had followed one of the great lessons which the Master taught when all the proffered President Grant attributes his youth at his present forsake of the earth not could temptkingdoms him to life. lived temperate fact that has to he a the age

besettinghis destiny. of man's These two not does he preaches never what sins He practice—earthly forgreed ambition for wealth powers and strict to in his fact exemplified adherence the Word

cast of the the foot while yet nearwere he was away applied the of words of be him may Wisdom. To

failings theslope. lesser of Other weaknesses and faithful old Orlando's expressed as by Shakespeare

flesh were cast away as he clambered upwards. servant who, notwithstanding his hoary years, said:

In the place of these things he put away, he took on other things from the great storehouse of spiritual "I am strong and lusty;

virtues, which one by one he made his own and For in my youth I never did apply bound them to him by the sinews of life itself. Hot and rebellious liquors in my blood;

forehead unbashful did woo not with Nor It said old: of hath "Greater love no was man

debility. of and weakness means life this, his The for that his laythan a man down winter, lusty is as a Therefore age my in friends."killed battle not to does need be One kindly."but Frosty

life in for die as one's a give or order martyr to one's friends. That man who lives out his years

working for the uplift, the betterment, and the salva- I know of no man who has a keener sense of right tion of others, who goes through his life reaching and justice, or who is more fearless in defense of always after the nobler things, striving ever for truth. His mind points to fairness as readily and

righteousness for himself and for others, sacrificing constantly as the needle to the polar star. His

his time, his strength, his means for others, giving paramount purpose now, as it has always been, is of his substance to the widow and orphan, keeping the advancement of the Church of God of which himself unspotted from the world—the pure religion he is the honored and inspired President. of James—he also gives his life for his friends. May his youth, energy, and happiness continue

To President Grant has come this crown. May for many years to come, and God's choicest

the Lord spare him yet many years to the blessing blessings continue to crown his days with success of the people. and peace!

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

First Counselor in the First Presidency. Second Counselor in the First Presidency.

President GRANT THE MAN A CHARACTER STUDY

PRESIDENT HEBER j. GRANT.

By JOHN A. WIDTSOE

Of the Council of the Twelve

cuch a man is heber j. grant, seventh president of the church of jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints—-more might be said of him but the net

CONCLUSION WOULD BE THE SAME: He IS A MAN POSSESSED OF A DETERMINED WILL FOR

RIGHTEOUSNESS, PROGRESSIVE, FEARLESS IN THE CAUSE OF TRUTH, GENEROUS IN THOUGHT AND

ACTION, LOVING IN FRIENDSHIP, TRUE, WISE AND FORGIVING. THROUGHOUT HIS NATURE RUNS

THE LOVE OF BEAUTY, TRUTH, AND INTELLIGENCE, CULMINATING IN A MIGHTY SPIRITUAL CHARACTER. HE IS A FRIEND OF GOD, AND HIS DIVINE FATHER HAS BEEN HIS FRIEND.

It rests charclothes the a man. dominant Here appearsOffice

acteristic leader of present of the his shoulders. as a coat upon

Beneath and within is the the Church. He has a will, firm for

righteous accomplishment. Every hidden. wholly himself, neverman

his available incident from boyhood righteous, strong and beIf the man it clear that from youth and makes administered; will well officehis be

if weak or wicked, every official act his earliest years he accepted or set will be tainted. In human affairs, up high standards of achievement,

and then proceeded to attain them,men, not offices, are of first considerto see them through. All the acts of

ation. life later his be explained by may is clearly Heber The man J. Grant

is, this quality character. of That Saints. to the Latterdayknown

his will in operation, ever has been since he fiftyfour years theDuring was called to the Apostleship he has well directed.

traveled constantly among the stakes In his life there has been no inand missions of Zion, and by word different floating down the stream and act has revealed his inmost self, of circumstance; rather the persistthe intrinsic qualities of his charent rowing along a determined,

acter. No man holding official posirighteous course. Thus is explained

tion in the Church has been more his refusal to join his fellows in evil completely stripped in the eyes of pastimes, or his wellknown youthful the people of the artificial trappings struggles for excellence in baseball, activities PRESIDENT other penmanship and HIS GRANT AND MOTHER, RACHEL real nature.that a man's obscure

IVINS RIDGEWAY IN GRANT, TAKEN ST. all evidences of a life comyoung perGEORGE, UTAH, and manner, in speechForceful HEBER NINE WHEN WAS

severing, notable in stature and acVEARS OF AGE. pelling its will to conform to lawful,

tion, he is known as few men by righteous and worthwhile standmembers of the Church and other God. From infancy he felt the reards. He has ever sought to be the

associates. And, more than any sponsibility of a widow's son. Such captain of his life, to steer his course

other man he is loved by the people. inheritance, direction and obligation according to the divine chart. AmHe was well born and wisely may be of supreme value in the bition has been tamed by truth. All

reared. From father and mother shaping of a life if the man has the concerns of his life have been imhe inherited qualities of great worth. will to accept and to use them. The pelled by a vigorous will for the

He received the tender care and culture and proper use of the human accomplishment of righteous purwise counsel of a gifted and noble will are surpassing elements in the poses.

mother. He was taught to love making of a man. Though his will has been disci662

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

ing of his time, means and talents. his early youth. The organizations

As a lad he was busy in his emwhich he then created have survived ployer's office after closing hours. the economic shocks of decades.

As a young apostle he chose the The Home Fire Insurance Company long, arduous trail to the Arizona which he organized celebrated its settlements for his repeated visits. fiftieth anniversary a few weeks ago,

As a successful financier he has and is accounted one of the strong shared with others the opportunities financial institutions of the country.

that he created or discovered. Poor His business record is one of outor rich, in season or out of season, standing success. The losses which

he has given to the needy, fed the he has had to sustain may in most hungry, blessed the sorrowful, and cases be traced back to his willingspoken kindly of his fellow men. He ness to support ventures for comremains susceptible to every call munity betterment. Business wismade upon him, from the widow's cry dom, coupled with unending toil, for

for succor to the desire of a ward that he has never feared work, have he travel far to dedicate a meeting placed him high among his business house. At fourscore years he has associates.

not learned to say "no"when asked Fearlessness is a necessary qualfor help. That is a divine charity in every man who fights for a HEBER J. GRANT AS A BABY.

acteristic. cause, especially if it is a cause opplined to conform to law, he is not posed to untruth and unrighteous- A generous nature soon becomes ness. President Grant is a fearlesswillful. Few men in the Church are

as ready to hear the views of others the target for the undeserving man. Once convinced of the Tightit at anyand to "listen to reason."He who who would get something for nothness of a cause he defends

has given counsel to thousands is ing and for those who seek to create cost. One need only recall his lifealways ready to receive counsel. interest in unproven schemes. Preslong advocacy of the Word of WisBut, his final conclusion rests upon ident Grant finds protection against dom. Knowing how dear the apthe basis of right and truth, never such deception by an unusual power petites are to most people; in the

business it might face of antiprohibition sentiment;upon personal advantage. His of discernment—in

eagerness that unrighteousness and be called native shrewdness. The regardless of a nation's cancellationuntruth shall have no place in his motives of men are laid bare before of the prohibition experiment—he

own life or the lives of others exhis mind. Often the ultimate results has urged upon his people and the

plains his outspoken denunciation of of a proposed plan are sensed by him, world to observe the Word of Wiswhatever appears to him to be evil. as if by intuition. It is really high wisdom. Political parties may have

This, quality has made President dom; certainly it has helped him in adopted this or that policy, but he,

Grant serviceable and acceptable in his many material ventures, his own indifferent to party policies, has supthose of the Church. wonand One to be that ported he which knew to positionsthe has high he which

if it so, that is not ders always all that he right has was opposed and his called. to the Indeed,been key

is for eager righteousness, who who politicians error. in Party founded is thatcharacter upholds he respects,

and defends law, human and divine. forgets himself in the cause of his fear him. One expression of this

receives protection men, and is his outspokenness. fearlessness is fellow to which obedienceThe degree in his guidance whether own affairs, masking of meaning is no There to righteousnessrendered is a true

measure of every man's character. of earth or heaven. He becomes when the battle is on! He cannot with wisdom. endowed truth should be understand why is the prohonesty A crystalclear Certainly, Leader our has shown

attitude of of this constant ourduct STOCKING BASEBALL THE RED TEAM busihimself of notable possessed exuntruth,President. Dishonesty, than of Utah of the Territory more Champions little It ness achieveacumen. no was Richard half Watson, a century ago. Alexanderaggeration, every of deform and

Morris, Parry, P. C. Dunbar, Heber David Gronway to for the son win his widow's ment

J. Barker, Grant, Barlow, Allie Oliver Best, Josephceit to him. abhorrent are Mistakes

in place the business high world George. in Wm. easily, for theof he forgives head

he admits the imperfection of man, including himself, but the planned, deliberate misuse of truth he spurns in strong words and unquestioned action. The frank utterances from

the pulpit concerning his personal affairs are but reflections of the intense desire that all things should be done correctly, aboveboard, and without shadow of dishonor.

Every person who thus subjects himself to truthful, righteous pursuits develops the best human qualities.

He becomes unselfish, aware of his fellow men. It is so in the case of

President Grant. Perhaps none

of his lovable qualities has been more evident than his generous givil'- -ii. \mMa 663

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

most important activities, such for instance, as in the Mutual Improvement Associations.

It is not as generally understood that an artistic, literary quality enlivens President Grant's character.

Under other than the pioneer conditions of his youth, his splendid innate powers—for coupled with imlect—mightmense energywellis havea fine,foundsoundexpresintel-

sion in literature or art, rather than in business. The environment of his

youth, his mother's needs and his own, set business before him as of first consideration. His intellectual

and artistic instincts however, have never slumbered. He has ever been

a lover of books and good art; and

impelled by his desire to help others, has made books and pictures accessible to many. He has given away

tens of thousands of volumes of good books. He stands respectful

before true learning. Artist after

artist he has patronized and brought before the public. His disposition,

profitable to the widow, of the artistic remains of John Hafen is but an example of his support of art in all its phases.

HThe artistic side of President

Grant's nature is well shown by his deep appreciation of natural beauty. He is a lover of the wild

and rugged glory of the mountainous west. In a car with a collapsible

top he may be seen driving over scenic roads, enjoying the loveliness

HEBERHEBER, J.ANDGRANTFIVE OFWITHHIS HISDAUGHTERS.ELDEST SON, progressive nature has been to keep of mountain and valley. He delights

him young. Youth radiates from to take his visiting friends to view

him. His understanding sympathy Traditionalhidden words. by idle

with youth accounts for many of his PAINTINGPRESIDENT BYGRANTLEE GREENEAT HIS RICHARDS.DESK, FROM A to him. Yet, is foreigndiplomacy

as he bides his time, for he can wait, his direct use of truth is more effective in obtaining results than would be the longdrawn-out subtle methods of idle negotiation. And

it should be said that the outspoken opinions of President Grant carry no rancour with them. They but express the truth as he understands it.

This characteristic attracts the honest, makes the dishonest hesitant.

President Grant is temperamentally progressive. He does not fear

to venture into new fields. He is

conscious of changing times, and never hesitates to meet their proper demands. Respectful of the past

and its gifts, he has little patience with useless tradition. He has kept

in step with the years of his life.

He never violates fundamental truth, but is eager, for the benefit of humanity, to make new applications of the old truth. One result of his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936 the grandeurs of western scenery. His faith is sublime. He knows semblies. To these loved ones he

The spiritual element within him rethat God lives, that Jesus Christ is has taught the reality of the Lattersponds to all beauty. The very the Son of God, and that Joseph day work of the Lord, for which he

simplicity of his manner of living Smith was divinely called to restore has given his life.

and thinking is connected with this the pure Gospel to earth. His earPresident Grant's character can

inborn love of that which is beaunest prayers inspire faith in all who be understood only in terms of his tiful. hear them. He understands that the faith in God, the atoning mission of

President Grant is true in friendGospel is to save, not to condemn Jesus the Christ, the Son of God, ship. The whole Church has heard men. Out of his assurance of the and the divine mission of Joseph

his encomiums on his boyhood friend, truth of the Latterday work and its Smith, the Prophet. It is for the fulGeneral Richard W. Young, or on saving message flows unbounded fillment of the plan of salvation, the

his beloved cousin, President A. W. love for mankind. Though vigorous plan of redemption for the human

Ivins. He is always inclined to in defending the faith and rooting family that he labors by day and

place his friends higher than himout evil, he is always ready to fordreams by night, and communes self. He seems free from jealousy. give the sinner who has turned away with his heavenly Father. That

In like manner their virtues often from evil. His heart expands in the faith is the motive power of his life.

their faults.blind him to of true repentance. is a presence He He Such Heber a man is J. Grant, friend; friendmost sincere and his loves his fellowmen, for he knows of seventh president of the Church

ship extends to thousands. This that they are children of God, made Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

makes him a loyal man. His loyalty in His image with a Godlike desmore might be said of him but the net

to friends, cause,to to righteous a tiny. others out hold may Where conclusion the same: would be He

iscountry to Church, an example and of for justice, sets forth the law he of a determined possessed is a man to all. or a cause has a man Once kind is a mercy. man. He will progressive, for righteousness,

been found to conform to truth, his Naturally such a nature would fearless in the cause of truth, generloyalty be wavers. never can He in action, loving family. exhibit in thought those ous love of and Totrusted.

true, forgiving. friendship, given wise the him, Presand has Lord whom is really a President modGrant

is his infinitely the love gentle. runs nature Throughout ident Grant By

est man. He places no undue value them in return he is much beloved. of beauty, truth, and intelligence,on himself, but estimates highly Love of humanity, as all other virculminating in a mighty spiritual

in achieveothers may who any tues, character. appreciabegins is a friend at home. His of God, He admires such endeavor.worthy He his divine tion of Father reared his mother has been him and whopersons, but does not envy them. his has been voiced often in public asfriend.

Those who know him are not deceived by his occasional reference to himself as a man with the "cheek"of an insurance agent. That statement is usually the protective covering of his innate modesty. While

he frequently punctuates his sermons with incidents from his picturesque career, it should be noted that it is done for the purpose of driving home the principles upon which he is speaking and never in selfag- grandisement. Like every great

leader, he sees the magnitude of his task, and knows that only with the help of the Lord can he perform it.

The man who in divine Providence has been chosen to lead the Church today has a strongly spiritual nature.

PRESIDENT GRANT AND A GROUP OF FRIENDS

ON THE GOLF LINKS. LEFT TO RIGHT:

STEPHEN LOVE, THE LATE JAMES H. WATTIS,

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT, THE LATE

PRESIDENT C. W. NIBLEY, AND SENATOR

REED SMOOT.

Prom a portrait in oil by John Willard Clawson

AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT Wife of Heber J. Grant, who celebrated

her eightieth birthday anniversary

July 7, 1936.

Two OCTOGENARIANS

As these two watched the groups of welldressed people on the occasion of Sister Grant's eightieth birthday reception, they could easily contrast their own childhood days. Augusta remembers how

almost impossible it was to get money. People

raised their own food and exchanged what they had for what others had. Some of the treasured

PRESIDENT AND MRS. GRANT possessions, such as silk bonnets, lace collar and

SNAPPED ON SHIP BOARD AS cuff sets and silk mitts which they had brought with

TO SAILED ALASKATHEY IN them went a few at a time to buy milk and bread. (SUMEIGHTIETH YEARTHEIR

MER, 1936). Heber J. Grant recalls his early days when four

pounds of sugar was the family's supply for the entire year. Flour in those days also cost eighteen

dollars a hundred pounds. Butter was an almost

7, 1936 marked the eightieth birthday of unknown luxury to the young Heber.

JulyAugusta Winters Grant. November 22, 1936,

Heber Jeddy Grant celebrates his eightieth birthday. For more than fifty years these two

have walked side by side, their lives filled with worthwhile activities, noble deeds and honorable work. Their eighty years of service stand as a

beacon to their children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, and to their posterity yet unborn.

During the youth of both President and Sister

Grant, their lives were difficult as compared with our standards. They suffered privations, hardships, and at times even hunger and want. Their

mature lives were filled with responsibility, sacHEBER J. GRANT AND

rifice, and sorrow. But even in the face of death AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT

and sickness, their fortitude has been remarkable. SOMETHEIR MARRIAGE.YEARS BEFORE

On Sister Grant's birthday, she was honored with a reception given for her by her daughter and foster daughters. Joyfully she received her many

friends. In that reception, she recalled vividly a

contrasting celebration of her early youth. She 'T'oday their pioneering days are over:

says: their home is comfortable and com-

"The first Christmas I remember was in Mount Pleasant. modious. They now review the privations

... There wasn't a thing to be bought, even if we had had of earlier days in the light of the experience

money to buy with. We were not expecting anything but which those days gave, experience which

felt for that to parents sorry they simply our so us had in beneficial helping especially do has proved if told of the out something. us would room go They we

lives to of their full richness the develop... our Claus come. back came Santa would we When

delighted eyes beheld three little parcels exactly alike... bless the lives of countless others.

of apple sugar of an and with a drop a cube up of a thirdmade

... essence grandmother apple had As these two octogenarians walk down of cinnamon on it. The

brought from Pleasant Grove with her when she came down the years side by side, youth takes courage to spend the winter with us and it had lain unsuspected in and older men and women find new faith her trunk ever since. The sugar I suppose came in the in purposeful living.

same way for it was almost an unheard of luxury with us."

One Christmas which President Grant remembers was when his mother, Rachel Ivins Grant, cried because she had not money enough to buy even a stick of candy for her beloved son.

HEBER

J.

GRANT

THE

APOSTLE AND PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH

By PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON of the Council of the Twelve

AN INFORMAL STUDY OF THE PRESENT

FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE CHURCH.

tfhirtysix years as an apostle—eighteen years as President of the Church—and the Church has

grown and prospered in all the world; friends have been

November 22. 1936, Presraised up; attitudes have changed and the prophet of

ident Heber J. Grant will the Lord is still with us to lead the cause of Zion.ON

have reached his eightieth milestone. His has been an exceedwork, more work, much more work,

ingly active life. While many at rather than upon genius.

his age are ready to retire and seek My acquaintance with President the repose that leisure hours give. Grant goes back to his boyhood

President Grant in the vigor of mandays. As I reflect upon the experihood goes on. His achievements are ences that came into his life, I'm

many. Persistency is one of his driven to the conclusion that they

greatest characteristics. This meant were designed by a wise and loving

much to his widowed mother. In Creator to prepare him for his many

the face of insuperable obstacles as great successes and few failures of a baseball player, as a breadwinner later years. I take it that no mortal

in the selling of insurance and as a life can be fully successful without penman whose handwriting originsome failures.

ally was partially illegible he kept on As far back asJune, 1 875, he was with unfaltering determination until called into the ministry by being success crowned his efforts. He early selected as one of the counselors in

recognized the sublime truth that the first Thirteenth Ward Y. M.

there is "no excellence without M. I. A. His promotion in the

labor."He learned by bitter experiHEBER J. GRANT AT ABOUT THE Church was quite rapid after that.

ence that success is based upon TIME HE BECAME AN APOSTLE In October, 1 880, he was sustain668

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

ed as President of the Tooele Stake of Zion, an appointment that took him away from a profitable insurance and brokerage business in Salt

Lake City. He also owned the

Utah Vinegar Factory which he had to lease, when he accepted this call.

He became a member of the Council of the Twelve in October, 1882.

He opened the mission in Japan leaving Salt Lake July 24, 1901.

From 1904 to 1906 he presided over the European Mission and at the same period was President of the British Mission.

Following the death of the late

President Joseph F. Smith ( November 19, 1918,) on November 23,

Heber J. Grant was chosen by the

Council of the Twelve Apostles to be President of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints.

His administration from 1918 to and missions of the Church, many PRESIDENTFIRST PRESIDENCYGRANT IN WITHTHE OFFICETWO OFOF THEHISthe present time has been eminently of which are most beautiful and atFORMER COUNSELORS—RIGHT, ANTHONY

successful. No member of the tractive houses of worship. W. IVINS; CENTER, CHARLES W. NIBLEY.

Council has been quite so active as The Latterday Saints are a temhe. His voice has been heard in plebuilding people. Nine holy "Touring the eighteen years of his

testimony and warning in many temples have been reared by them in presidency, President Grant has lands and among many people. He this generation. Of these it has administered the finances of the

has traveled much in the stakes of been President Grant's privilege to Church with his associates of the

Zion, now numbering 117, bearing be voice in the dedication of three: First Presidency, the Council of the

testimony and exhorting the Saints the Alberta temple in Canada, the Twelve and the Presiding Bishopric to continue in works of righteousHawaiian temple, and the temple in with marked skill and ability. As a

ness. He has been voice in dedicatArizona. result, the Church under the blessing

stake tabernacles anding numerous debt. is free of from the Lord activities of his brief sketch This the stakes chapels in and wardsward poor are remembered; worthy President be as Apostle The would and

THE PRESIDENT AND OFFICIAL PARTY IN incomplete if by an oversight no the work for both the living and the

HAWAII, 1935, OF TIME SUMMER, in AT THE our temples; is prosecuted mention dead were made of the temporal

FIRST STAKE. OF OAHU ORGANIZATIONTHE the ait the missionary throughout cause airs of the Church. AMERICA. OUTSIDE OF CONTINENTALSTAKE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

world is maintained; Church funds

with local contributions go to defray STATISTICS OF CHURCH GROWTH DURING PRESIDENT the erecting tabernacles, of expense recreationalchapels, buildings GRANT'S ADMINISTRATION and in the stakes and wards and missions From the Church Historian's Office of the Church. 1919 1936 Growth

Number of Stakes 75 117 42 President Grant by virtue of his of Wards andsacred calling as a Prophet, Seer, Number

Independent Branches 843 1,064 221 Revelator of the Presidentand and 184 883 Chapels 699 Number of of LatterChristChurch of Jesus 10 32 22 Missions Number of Saints, the the of holds keysday 493 in Missions 407 900 Branches of earth. Number of upon HeavenKingdom 9 9 Institutes Number of authority of keysThese power and

were briefly defined by the Lord Number of Seminaries 20 93 73 250,422 495,962 746,384 Population Smith, Jr.,when to Joseph He spoke Presthe administration of Two temples were commenced during in this generaheld themwho first

tion, and said: ident Joseph F. Smith but were completed and dedicated by President

completed and commenced and was Heber One temple J. Grant. conferred I have For upon you the keys the erection Grant. Plans for also dedicated Heber by President J. I reof the priesthood,and wherein power

store all things, and make known unto you of two additional temples are now under way. There have been

all things in due time. fiftyeight seminary buildings used entirely for seminary work conAnd verily, verily, I say unto you, that structed during President Grant's administration.

whatsoever you seal on earth shall be sealed in heaven; and whatsoever you bind on

earth, in saith word, name and by my my it shall eternally the inthe Lord, be bound Iamwillthycurse,God.—Sec.saith the132Lord;D. &forC. I,Vs.the45,Lord,46, handand sustainand prayerhim ofbyfaith.the upliftedheavens; sins whosesoever and remit you on 47.

earth shall be remitted eternally in the That he is in the enjoyment of heavens; sins and whosesoever you retain is a age health at his advanced beloved President Grant good is much

shall earth in be retained heaven.on thanks of gratification and source recogSaints the Latterday who verily again, I say, And whomsoever you by

bless I will bless, and whomsoever you curse nize him as a true servant of God giving to the whole Church.

J. TO PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT

dear Leader and Friend: It is a happy It,has been a further cause for rejoicing to Ourprivilege to greet you upon the coming observe how fully the Lord has sustained you in

administration the calling. Under your birth. eightieth anniversary of your May your

greatly. It is spreading has prospered Church to bless continue of heaven and earth the Lord

you with health, strength and power to perform over the earth; a new hearing is given us; faith

increasing the Saints. has Lord among The the duties of your high office. May the days of is

sacrifices given the heed to your devotion and to greatly extended. life be your

We congratulate you upon the attainment of of the membership of the Church.

this notable day in vigor of body and mind; but May we also express our appreciation for the

we congratulate you even more upon your life's many personal courtesies that you have extended record of unbroken service in the cause of the to us. Every official requirement has been sweetLord. We know of none in your generation who ened with your personal touch. Kindness has

has more faithfully devoted himself to the adflowed through our associations. You are our

vancement of human betterment, through the leader, but also our friend.

restored plan of salvation. You stand as an On this occasion of rejoicing, the whole Church

example to latterday Israel in your forgetfulness rises to congratulate you, to thank you and to of self in labors for the Church of Christ. wish you well. In these expressions, we your

The opportunity of intimate association with close brethren in the ministry, join the chosen you has been our privilege. We have seen you in people of God. We pray that heaven's choicest

the performance of your duties as President of blessings may descend upon you and your dear the Church. The witness has been borne in upon wife, and that every gift and grace that you desire

us that you have been divinely called to lead the may be yours. You have rendered mighty service

Latterday Saints in this day, a worthy successor in establishing more firmly on earth the cause of of the great men who from the Prophet Joseph salvation for the human family. Your reward

Smith have stood at the head of the Church. We will be great.

have rejoiced in the frequent evidence of your Your brethren and fellow workers, prophetic power and leadership. It has been our

joy to follow you as one chosen of the Lord. The Council of Twelve.

THE BOOK SHELF OF GEORGE D. PYPER,

COMPOSED OF BOOKS PRESENTED THROUGH

THE YEARS BY HEBER J. GRANT.

President grant THE PATRON OF A 1n andunfeigneddrama werelove bornof music,into thefinesoularts,ofliterature,this great DRAMA man and he has shown his love of them by his support and patronage. so writes the former manager of the salt lake LITERATURE Theatre in this story that has come from a lifelong

acquaintance. ART AND

By MUSIC Author's Foreword D. PYPER GEORGE

Allthe theChurchsevenof JesuspresidentsChrist ofof DeseretGeneral SundaySuperintendentSchool ofUnionthe and he was himself one of the best

Latterday Saints have enand First Assistant Chairman of prose writers the Church has ever couraged art in its various forms. the Church Music Committee, had. He authorized the modernizaThey could not consistently have and manager for thirty years of tion and enlargement of the Taberdone otherwise, for true art is emthe Salt Lake Theatre nacle organ. Joseph F. Smith,

braced in the broad philosophy of though essentially a preacher of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. In the righteousness, furthered the cause of

revelations to Joseph Smith the Lord music. He continued the work of

Himself put the stamp of approval fondness for the drama, and the improving the great organ and gave on the songs of the righteous* and building of the Tabernacle organ new emphasis to the free recitals in was a monument to his devotion to the Tabernacle.on good books;f and the thirteenth music. John Taylor was a poet andArticle of Faith challenges us to

seek after everything "lovely and a singer. He was the author of five President Grant's Love of Music

S. published in our L. D. hymnsof good report."

twice Dresident Heber J. Grant has and it was he who hymn book,

The last request on this earth of sang "A Poor Wayfaring Man of followed his illustrious predethe Prophet Joseph Smith was to Grief"to the Prophet just before the cessors in furthering the cause of hear a beloved song sung and then martyrdom. Wilford Woodruff, an music and art. He was born with

repeated. Among the great qualities ardent admirer of the Tabernacle less tune, time, or rhythm than most

of Brigham Young was his love of Choir, sponsored that great organimortals; and in his youth, like Lamb,

the drama and of music. The ereczation on its trip to the Chicago "while sentimentally disposed to

tiondrama—theof an outstandingSalt Lake Theatretemple of whenWorld'sit wonFair, secondfortythreeprizeyearsin anago,inharmonyof a tune."wasYet,organicallyby his intenseincapableenwas a tangible expression of his ternational contest. Lorenzo Snow ergy and persistence he overcame

* Doctrine and Covenants, 88; 118. encouraged his people in literary this handicap. The story of his exVbid, 25:12. oursuits and the study of the arts; perience in vocalization is one of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

the most interesting episodes of his is the reason the second verse went able a skill as to elicit the warmest life. He has many times, in humorbetter. Many similar experiences compliments from Professor Stephous vein, told of his efforts to learn could be told of his determined ens.

how to sing; how, with one finger, struggle with music. President Grant's experience has

he pounded the piano keys thouPresident Grant's close friend, the been an object lesson on persevertimes, learning beforesands of a late Brigadier General Richard tune. Flag once W. ancethe truthand hasofcertainlythe aphorismdemonstratedoften sang "The He the Philipwrote Young, him from

Without a Stain,"without any acpine Islands begging him not to lesquoted by him as follows:

companiment, at the Belshaven sen his dignity by trying to sing. "That which we persist in doing

subsein to easier do, the Rotterdam, and becomesChurch not that can't be the George Goddard "You singquently but the thing asked to has changed, he was of the Brother nature it at a of Church"warned conference of the SwissGerman and Young, and President Grant wrote our power to do has increased."

Netherlands Elders, the conference back to the effect that he would yet His success in overcoming tone heldbeing Nibley is remarkable. in Belgium. himdeafness Alex He, sing in the Tabernacle. And he

self, greatest accompanist, considers he asked and it one of thewas the kept his word.

Brother Grant in what key he sang accomplishments of his life, but what it. Brother Grant said: "I do not It is doubtful if President Grant is more important than all, in the

know anything about keys."Alex ever seriously studied vocal techopinion of the writer, is not the

started to play, and Brother Grant nique, especially the art of phrasing, learning of songs, but the enthusiasm said: "That seems to be all right."accentuation, mood, expression, exfor the musical art which his conThat night, at Rotterdam, Brother cept some instructions given him by tinual practice has kindled in his

Grant said: "Alex, what was the Horace S. Ensign and Profejssor heart, thus increasing his power to

matter with the first verse? It didn't Evan Stephens; yet, with his natural aid in the development of music

seem to go smoothly."learning ability, his perseverance, among his people.

"Matter! Good heavens!"replied and indefatigable toil, added to a It would be a long story to tell all

Alex Nibley, "you sang it four full personal magnetism and a fine Godthat President Grant has done to notes lower than I was playing it."given voice, he is able to sing his encourage the Divine Art. Only a

Brother Grant said "How high Church hymns and such songs as few things can be barely mentioned.

did T sing it?""The Flag Without A Stain,"and Early in his presidency he establish-

"You sang it up to E flat.""The Holy City,"with so remarked the Church Music Committee.

"Well, I can not sing E natural, He declined the offer of a splendid so it is a good thing I struck it four home for himself made by Mr. and

notes lower,"said the President. HOME BUILT BY PRESIDENT HEBER J. Mrs. Alfred W. McCune, but acThe pianist, during the interlude, GRANT FOR HIS MOTHER WHEN HE WAS cepted it as a home for the McCune

of course, had dropped it down four TWENTYONEING AT 14 SOUTHYEARSSECONDOLD (STILLEAST STREET,STANDSchool of Music, afterwards the notes. This, according to the story, SALT LAKE CITY). McCune School of Music and Art,

From the Relief Society Magazine Cover.

November, 1936.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

been known to employ artists to make pictures for him, which he gave away. He was a close friend

of the late Alfred Lambourne and

John Hafen, many of whose paintings he purchased either to present to friends and organizations or to hang up in his home or in public places. It is to President Grant that

BIRTHPLACE OF we are indebted for many of those HEBER J. GRANT

ON MAIN STREET excellent portraits of the Presidents

SOUTH BETWEEN FIRST of the Church by Lee Greene RichTEMPLE AND

SOUTH STREETS Willard IN ards, the late and John

CITY. SALT LAKE

his just finished before Clawson, OF VIEW A WEST

THELAKEOLDTHEATRESALT death.

BE SEEN IN MAY been sculpture has His love of

BACKGROUND. THE in in but demonstrated many ways

nothing so grand as the erection of

Avard Fairbanks'magnificent creation erected at Winter Quarters.

he himself preferring to remain in complete his studies. When Leo

a very humble cottage. returned home and had had time to His Love of Books

Under his administration the earn the money, he repaid his bene- T am sitting in front of a crowded

Tabernacle Choir Sunday broadcast factor in full. book shelf, fat with a collection

over nationwide radio networks, one While on his mission to Japan, of worthwhile volumes and pamof the greatest missionary projects President Grant bought a large phlets. Beginning at the left I open

instituted. theof Church, was sent prints of and Japanese He number JOHN BY SCENE ASPEN TYPICAL A the of patron a devotedhas been ARTISTS MANY OF THE HAFEN, ONE at friends his to home them many HAS J. GRANT HEBER EFFORTS WHOSE estaborganizations musicalvarious

too, has he SUPPORTED. as presents. At home, LAUDED AND

in community.lished the and Church

When the first really good grand opera came to the Salt Lake Theatre in his early youth, he was among the first patrons to pay the highest price ever known in the city for tickets.

Though possessed of limited means, he was at every performance with a new partner at each of the five nights, which caused some interesting gossip as to which girl was the favored one.

He has helped musicians on the way; he has encouraged the organization of choirs; has sponsored the

Tabernacle Choir in several trips to California and Chicago and only recently has authorized the Church

Music Committee to establish courses of instruction for choristers and organists throughout the Church.

President Heber J. Grant is truly

a friend of the divine art of music.

His Love of Fine Arts Tn the realm of Art President Grant has been one of the greatest patrons the Church has known.

There are many instances of his encouragement and benefactions.

Some years ago while in Paris he was told by J. Leo Fairbanks, older

brother of Avard, that he had been living on ten dollars a month and had come to his last ten dollars and would have to return home. President Grant lent him the necessary

money and thus enabled him to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

the first book and on the flyleaf I Some are signed "Heber and was usually at these times that he read an affectionate inscription from Gusta"; all are personally written would underline the beautiful

Heber J. Grant. I continue through and autographed. Many beautiful thoughts that appealed to him. Rethe collection and note that each passages in these volumes are heavcently one of his little grandsons

contains a beautifully written mesily underscored, showing the care became restless one night and could sage from the same giver—a Christwith which he had read the books not sleep. Suddenly with a bright

mas offering, an affectionate New and indicating the high ideals and gleam in his eyes, he exclaimed:

Year's greeting, a thoughtful birththe real heart of the man. Looking "I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll do

day remembrance, a page of warm over the titles I note the following: just what Grandpa does. I'll read

sympathy in time of bereavement. Adventures in Understanding a book."

(David Grayson), Adventures in Upon some of the smaller volumes the lines, J. written FACADE LIOF these by HEBER GRANT appear Grayson), Contentment (David A BRARY AT BRIGHAM UNIYOUNG late Whitney: Horace G. VERSITY, "Y"SHOWING THE Livin (Edgar A. Guest), O'ON Heap

IN HILL THE THE DISTANCE. Elias F. Find'(Orson Whitney), small, paltry and price the be though What

ing God in Millersville, Flashes What though the cover be old and thin,

From the Eternal Semaphore (Leo WhatIf worththoughand meritthere arebe no'writtencoverwithin.at all,

J. Muir), Fundamentals of Prosperity ( Roger W. Babson ), Heart Concerning the naming of the

Songs (The National Magazine), Heber J. Grant Library at the BrigHeart Throbs, Volumes 1 and 2, ham Young University, President

In Search of Truth (John A. WidtFranklin S. Harris writes:

soe), In the the Great Temples of it the library to naming it came When F. Curtis), Outdoors (Theodore President since Grant to occurred me that

Leaves of Truth ( John P. Meakin ) had been so diligent in his efforts to see that

Little Problems of Married Life; good books came into the hands of hunappro- very people, be of would F. dreds Love the Light and (Orson

his library in the to us for priate itname Luther Whitney ), Martin ( Thomas I the our Board matter with honor. took up

Carlyle ), Medical Aspects of Morof Directors, and naturally there was no monism (L. Weston Oaks), Morobjection, since everyone realizes how very

only not been, President has Grant active (AnFree monism Masonry and actually but good books, recommending

Ivins thony and in Hundred ), One I W. copies. of giving am away thousands

One Best Songs (R. J. Cook), One sure none of us has known many men in

as active been experience have our who Poems all Hundred Famous and One this in regard. has President Grant as We Co.), (The Cable Redemption; hunlibrary of one to our proud are have

Speeches of the Flying Squadron dred thousand volumes named in his honor.

( HanleyStewart), Sunbeams of Truth (Theodore F. Curtis), The One of President Grant's nonBook That Has Helped Most in Mormon friends, a heavy smoker,

Business ( Anonymous ), The Greatasked him once how he could afford est Thing in the World (Henry to spend so much on books. He anDrummond), The Heavenly Life swered; "That's my cigar money.

(James Allen), The Majesty of Thousands read the books and are

Calmness, The Path to Home ( Edhelped. By smoking you don't give

gar A. Guest), The Power of pleasure to any one."And the

Truth (William George Jordan), smoker answered, "You've knocked

The Soul of Business; The Prince of me out with the first blow."

Peace (William J. Bryan), The President Grant has chosen the

Strength of Being Clean (David better way.

Starr Jordan), Their Yesterdays

Lucy reports the folHis daughter Bell (Harold Wright), Up From: lowing Hills the Hanks). (H. C.

Most of the above books have Last winter we were in Provo attending the in portrait his of placing the ceremony friends sent during the out to been the of Brigham Library Grant Heber distribution season, holiday with his in Harris President University.J. for Young

some of them reaching into the thouremarks called attention with pride to the sands. The book, The Power of number of books which were now in the

Truth, reached approximately three libraryhundred sayingthousandtherevolumes.were moreIn thanfather'sone

thousand copies last Christmas time. address which followed he remarked that he

of the record kept never number any Little Life, had Problems of Married that roughbut given of he books had away Throbs, Adventures Heart in Conto could one estimating ly count he up tentment, Their Yesterdays have hundred thousand. There was a whole

not been sent out in such large numedition of four thousand seven hundred, bers as the others. Greatthe Hills;Truths;moreseveralthousandsthousandof PrinceUp Fromof

Peace, The Little White Slaver, The Lec- "President Grant has always been tures on Martin Luther, One Hundred and a prodigious reader of books. One Poems, and hundreds of other books

On sleepless nights it has been his whichto younghadpeoplebeen andsentalsoas toweddingthose bereaved.presents

habit to sit up in bed and read. It There is hardly a trip I take among the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

satisfaction into the third circle, the rendezvous of his boyhood days.

It was at the time of his nearownership of the theatre that he was offered a price for his holdings that would have netted him $20,250.00

profit, but he refused the tempting bid because of his affection for the theatre and because he did not want it to fall into the hands of the people who were going to tear it down and build a new modern theatre.

stakes that some one does not tell me that he has been the recipient of a book or letter from him and has been made better and happier because of it. In many hundreds of

homes these books have been the beginning of the home library. Instead of sending

flowers it has been his custom for many years to send books and a sympathetic letter to those in mourning. How many times

after those days of sorrow have bereaved ones been comforted by reading again and again his letters and the messages which those fine books bring! They have helped

much to assuage the grief and make the first hard days and months more bearable.

Sometimes we have thought father a little unwise because he would autograph hisbooks, and, for weeks before Christmas [ and New Year's, every time we went into

PHOTOEXTERIOR, OF AND SKETCH office orthe house of a stack books on was OF VIEW INTERIOR THE OF GRAPH tablethe or for waiting desk his signature. LOOKING THEATRE, LAKE SALTThis continued signing of his CIRname was PARQUET AND THE BACK INTO

quite a strain, but after it was over and CLES FROM THE STAGE.

the hundreds of letters of appreciation came in, we would partly change our minds.

His Love of Drama This was his one and only stage It is a rather odd coincidence that article, a also this young of writer the TheaSalt in Lake the appearance born with a was Grant J. circle, often third the of denizen in Sothe tre, supernumered he but inHeber love his for heart the drama. whitecol- the upon looked down drain the part took cial Hall and

in the grew up the shades ofHe and the parquet of habitues lared the activities of Wasatch maticSalt father, Theatre. Lake the His dream. a circle dreamed dress and result he a Association. Literary As

first Salt of City, mayor died Lake if ever be would he wondered He the of fond passionately became only Heberwhen nine days was downstairs. seat for a to able pay the to pay unable being theatre and

hisold mother, and Rachel Ridgewere they day, one when Then, of price circle admission third Ivins left Grant, herway upon was him asked up, Grant Heber grown J. engained cents, he twentyfive resources virtually which wereown Salt if the like to manage he would imin an water carrying trance bynil, although willing she been had he gasps Between Theatre. Lake can, coaloil fivegallon provisedto forsake she could Mormonism years thirty for over accepted and

have lived in luxury with rich relfrom a deep well in the Social Hall they worked together in intimate asatives. She was obliged to earn her alley located across the road a half sociation to bring to Salt Lake City

living by sewing and soon after the a block away, and repeated the the best offerings in drama and

Salt Lake Theatre was opened (in journey as often as the gallery gods opera that the country afforded.

1862) she was engaged by her emptied the can. He was so faithful That was the golden age of drama

bosom friend, Mrs. Henry Maiben, in the performance of this chore that and opera—an age that will probto work in the costume department he was soon promoted downward ably never come again. For, there

of that historic playhouse. Later on to the second circle. As he grew in came a time when conditions sewing machineswhen used were afsilent "movie"changed. The true his years dream came boyhoodher son turned the Heber wheel dis- J. theatres legitimate fected the stockprincipal the and he becameof tired relieve to her her machine "talkies"the astrously. came Then

feet. When the first production of holder of the Salt Lake Theatre and the bottom dropped entirely out

"Uncle Tom's Cabin"was shown at Company and had the privilege of of the spoken drama. Legitimate

the theatre he was one of the pickoccupying a stage box with six seats, theatres closed up all over the land.

aninnies chosen for the occasion. where he could gaze with great (Concluded on page 679)

TO THE MAN IDEALS WHO CLINGS TO

this the eightieth birthday ideals of religion and social justice.

of President Grant, we wish He has had his plans fail at times, On not only to express to him but he has never been disheartour admiration and esteem, but our ened. He has known that his purappreciation. All through the years, poses were right and he has never

he has impressed us with the fine diverted from them. The opinions

and noble idea that work with faith of others in religion and politics in Jesus Christ can accomplish anyhave sometimes perplexed him, but thing. His achievements in Israel as he smiles and continues cultivating

a leader in the promulgation of the his friendships, and gathers into an

Gospel is seconded by his leadership intimate circle his acquaintances and in civic life. Government and laws friends, who appreciate his larger

are to him sacred, and though day outlook on life. Somewhat rugged

by day he has grave responsibilities, by nature, he resists anything that he is always rendering notable public might injure the reputation of his service. In this alone, he has given people.

permanent and high distinction to His admirable health and sober his life. life and his play in the great outOne of the characteristics of ofdoors keep him bodily and menPresident Grant has been his freetally alert. His veracity always

dom of spirit. His courage has been stamps him as a man unafraid to

simple, prompt and unhesitating; and think and speak as occasion dehe has always kept himself in good PRESIDENT GRANT AS HE old is not APPEARED mands. man, an He

FIFTY. IN 1906 AT AGE heart. Grant. yet the President as And

He was born of goodly parents. years go by, he naturally grows

His father was the first mayor of Salt Lake City, mellower, and gives whatever countenance and help and during his service in office, he pointed out many he can to every movement and institution that is of the lines of law and order in good municipal govworking for good. The most beautiful thing that

ernment, which are followed to this day. His mother happens in the life of any man in this world is the

was of that sturdy pioneer stock, who sacrificed unenvying discovery of men by one another. When

everything for their religion. Her quiet poise, and minds meet minds, respect is born; and of respect is

refinement are remembered by many people to this born the gladness of comradeship. So it is with him.

day. The influence of both the father and mother Above everything in life, there is one ideal that abhas had a forceful bearing on President Grant's life. sorbs his attention, and that is the establishment of the

All his early surroundings went to make up the Gospel of the Lord in all the world. He radiates

fibre of his nature, and gave it tone. A man of wherever he goes this one hope and ideal: The

simple habits, he always greets his helpmate, his Gospel of our Lord and Saviour has been restored children, and grandchildren with an affectionate word to earth, and all men must come to know it.

is smallest treated look. child with and Even the

tribute, of First Council Seventy pay you We the loses respect. opportunity the utmost never an He the eightieth of President close year Grant, as you

of doing a gracious act or saying a gracious word.

your life. Our words have inadequately expressed

greeting, friends cordial his has he always a With grant our feelings. the Lord more you many May

after in it that depend on and you or two a day may influence, of life, years hope, for your your and they leave a pleasant interview in his office, a package times. in these and your days are needed work We of books will arrive with his compliments and good

in blessing yours ask the upon you and of God wishes. One always leaves him after a conversation all

the years to come.

with a sense of enjoyment.

While naturally conservative, President Grant, by Sincerely your brethren, virtue of his forcefulness in word and deed, impresses one as a man who clings with all his might to his THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

President Grant

of LOVER YOUTH

"i would say to youth: honor thy father and thy

mother... seek for the light and inspiration of the

spirit of God in all walks of life.... Be forgiving; be

charitable.... never allow the acts of men to affect

your faith in the gospel.... always be punctual,

truthful, and virtuous, and you will thereby insure yourself the love of god and of all good men."—heber

J. Grant.

TOworkCOMMENCEhard andearlyeffectively,in life, toto By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

live long and purposefully, to President of the Northern States Mission devote one's highest energies to exalted ends, to build friendships that endure forever, to inspire those about you to honest and earnest endeavor, to carry through all one's years the spirit of youth, to see the problems of this generation with a clear and sympathetic understanding was organized June 10, 1875, in the tendency of the Y. M. M. I. A.

and to bring to their solution the Thirteenth Ward of Salt Lake City, Of the circumstances surrounding experience and wisdom of an earlier with Heber J. Grant as second assistthis appointment the President has

generation is a rare and fortunate ant to its president. President Grant said:

thing for any leader. This is no was then under nineteen years of

I life to to the in prayed Lord Twice my to achievement,commonplace and tall, distinslender, age, of and to appointed a position. be vic- a resolutedo it requires and this early appearance. guished At

first there time a diswas was when The faith.torious will backed by a settled decisions quick age he was a man of superintendency of the general organization

Heber }. Grant has done this and and of great energy of action. Owing of the Mutual Improvement Associations

done it well. to the fervency with which he purbecause <jf the failure of one of the men in

his standing to retain superintendency an age At boys when most undertaking sued any many in positions prethatin the Church. high of the one

living in shelteredwere security he, like his father that he dicted Jede- I asked knees I got and on down mywas doing a man's work, carrying diah M. Grant, would go to an unLord to call me to be one of the superintendthe

a man's responsibility, and thinking timely grave. Today not one of his ency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvein terms of men. His rise in the earliest business associates is living. mentvery Association.splendid magazine,The Contributorone of thewasverya

business world and in the Church To the Y. M. M. I. A. President finest magazines the Church has published.

if that to swift assertion willing the dramatic. make andwas I am was He instructions these gave a Young

the will the of through look volumes you brilliant of parts, sterofyoung man full that are will find Contributor, they you integrity,ling tireless of industry, of yourselves into organize you We want attention of the matter, of of worthy good matchless continuity of purpose, and to associations for mutual improvement. any Latterday Saint. It had died a natestab- the of be the Let your keynote work ural all because death of the lack of support onrising above unan of this was

testiin the of individual lishment youth the people. the part ofselfishness that generosity and was the truth of the of magnitude and mony

princely. This combination backed great latterday work; the development of We had no magazine, and there were no

by a radiant faith and dedicated to the gifts within them by the laying on of meetings of the general board, except that great ends was, in the very nature handsa knowledgeof the andservantsan applicationof God; ofcultivatingthe etertheyI realizedmet oncethat intheyaboutoughteveryto sixmeetmonths.every

of things, destined to carry its posnal principles of the great science of life. week, that they should come together and

sessor to unusual heights. Time has converse and work out programs. I prayed

I that the as one might chosen be Lord is the purpose I. A. to all of M. that his Suchvindicated proyouth

general superintendency. the of very The today, to this high purpose and living other has even manphesied. No I president's the next when day was in

so long a record of unbroken service President Grant has devoted major office, President Joseph F. Smith said to

to the young people of this Church energies since the day he became a President Woodruff who was then also as Heber J. Grant. member of the presidency of the GeneralI. A.; "BrotherSuperintendentWoodruff,of theI believeY. M. youM.

Thirteenth ward association in the ought to have two other counselors in the

Pursuant to instructions from general Churchwide organization. superintendency of the Young Men's MuBrigham Young to Junius F. President Grant's activities for youth andtual. BrotherI suggestB. H. thatRobertsBrotherbe counselorsGrant hereas

Wells, the first Mutual Improvegenerally, and for the youth of well as myself."

with continued I. A. specifically,ment Association to be established M.

if willing to work I was asked me They interest until increasingunder of the he became the direct appointment I told that capacity. in "Yes."But them:

General Authorities of the Church a member of the General Superin- I did not tell them I had prayed to the Lord

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

THIS "IMPROVEMENT MONTH THE letters its personal birth. after sent University the at scholarship lished a

ITS FORTIETH OF BEGINS YEARERA"several the thousands. typehad by FatherWe is institution of he of which PUBLICATION Utah, THECONTINUOUS—children learned of us several writers and IT IN COMWHICHSAME MONTH living alumni. His of the oldest one letters. getting out to typewrite BIRTHEIGHTIETH EraMEMORATES THE We

EDITOR OF ITSDAY ANNIVERSARY grandchildren have children especially and large dining an room and had a

J. FOUNDER, HEBERAND table dining This GRANT. large would room table. in been enrolled and many graduhalf pulled leaves out dozen a and be of Utah, from the University put ated

all sit called in it. around and wouldto the job. Then we give me We immediately the College, the Agricultural and write. fold; the proposiothers Father would would some meetinga and we considered

tion of starting The Improvement Era, I was usually seated at the end signing his Brigham Young University. His

signed my name in one year over eight name. We had half a dozen enclosures to awards to students for achievement

that into the envelopes, sent to put it took were so us times to lettersthousand all to have been innumerable and notable. mail. letters magazine. that the to take get these ready for asking thempeople, Maybe

I contributed $100 a year for three years that is the reason I am so interested in His talks, many of them, are adto a fund to be used in sending the Era to and proud of The Improvement Era, bedressed to youth; his sympathies are

in starting feel charge, free a and of hand The cause I I hadthe missionaries appreciation his trust them; it. with and

actual in interest this never Father's has spent magazine $30,000 over EraImprovement service his and his are for them; I his that to think that magazine sending in from this and afterwards daycost waned

out to the missionaries to help them in work for it has been one of his outstandprayers are for them; and to youth

their work. It has been a success ever ing contributions to the Church. he is ever approachable.

it is growing all the time. It issince, and

support. of our Tnder President Grant's manageEarly in the present century heworthy

And so, as part of President ment, and subsequently under gave... toI wouldyouthsaythisto guideyouth: for"Honorliving:thy

Grant's service to youth, and to the his editorship (since 1919) The Imfather and thy mother that thy days may be the thy land the not only long Lord which God upon has provement become Era Improvement Church, Thewhole inlight the for thee."and giveth Seek of the and the organ Men's Young existence into more than cameEra Spirit to guide of spiration you the of God ImproveMutual Women's Young life; forgiving, be all of (November, be yearsthirtynine in the walks ago

also Associations, but to of acts the allow the officharitable. men Never in ment the President was 1897), when

faith in the Gospel. affect Remember your the cial of Melchizedek organ already fortyfirst year.his He had enanxiously should that says be we God Priesthood, the Aaronic Priesthood, actual of years twentytwogiven pass to bring cause, and in a good gaged

service to Mutual Improvement the Church Department of Educamuch righteousness, for the power is in us that ourselves, tion, Committee unto the agents are wherein Church wework.

in shall nothey good, as do inasmuch men Musicagencies—"The other Church and of birth the The ImproveWith vocation their In every reward. lose wise a worldand of the Church"Voice aid to Spirit of it took Heber a the try get to of life,ment Era God J. Grant

to nurture it through infancy to wide missionary of much influence you in the accomplishment of your work.

aid to them all this is and others happy, the to make for outTry good. And Contributor maturity.healthy The life, in their and you burdens carrying in interest Grant's of President failed. it Era come life, Thebefore had this in only not sure of happiness, are youth. whole for in a magazine The the life to fail. the Remember in come. but to Heber notwas J. Grant

its blessing. felt has Church BulwerLytton Lord words position which its a manager,became and nobly manyouth. Dream Dream, funeral the at of B. H. Speaking of O years twenty for overhe held prophets! shall thy fully, be thy dreams and 1, 1933, President Roberts, October of the Church,until, President virtuas truthful and punctual, be Always

said: Grant yourself insure will thereby ous, you its and editor. Financinghe became that in engaged never work any I have men. of all good of and love the God secursubscriptions,it, building the misthan to pleasure brought more me been has he years eighteen For gainsupport, for I diding ImproveChurch-wide that sionary The work these and the of President Church I associated with was Era ment when of patronage respect and theing

years. adHis back Roberts. I look been eventful upon that have all to be Brother problemsadvertisers were of satisfaction. deal with a great work history ministration will go down in life of the magthemet to insure organizations auxiliary other The personally Grant Presidentazine. APPROERA""IMPROVEMENT likeTHE publications have Church and

YEAR ITS FORTIETH BEGINS appealletters of thousands outsent service for felt his influence J. wise A HEBER WITH PUBLICATION to PRIATELYOF this Concerning support. for ing LARGOF THE NUMBER—ONE GRANT opportunities Educational youth. NUMBERS COLORFUL EST MOST AND daughter, his activity, intensive opportunrecreational HISTORY. IN "ERA"grown; have

writes:Lucy, President Grant, grown. have in ities almost born was Era estabeducation, to further eager there nurtured least was at our Thehome—itImprovement

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

as a period marked by achievements robust in thought, hale and happy of farreaching importance. It will in his attitude toward life, mellowed

be known as an era of goodwill, of and softened by time, tranquil and expansion, of temple building, of serene in spirit. He knows the past

adjustment in the educational policy but lives in the present. These

of the Church, of growth in the crowning years are full of peaceful number of wards and stakes, of conconquest.

struction of ward chapels, seminaries For sixty years the Mutual Imand stake tabernacles, of the estabprovement Associations have held a lishment of strong centers of the large place in his thinking and in his

Church in various parts of the affections. Through all these years

United States and of the world outhis life has been a glorious vindicaside the inland west, indicating a tion of the Church which he repregrowth of a broad and permanent sents and a shining example to the character. And it will go down also youth of this people. His clarion

as an administration during which voice has called the young men of their of this to the faith generation served.youth was nobly

fearless fathers. and His fervent threshold of a HEBER J. GRANT AT ABOUT 21 on the Standing

new anniversary the President looks testimony borne under almost every across fourscore years of great livsky has warmed the hearts and stiring, years marked with reverses and red the souls of thousands.

victories, years filled with trials and BRIGHAM YOUNG'S SCHOOLHOUSE

GATE, EAGLE NEAR THE STOOD this mileWHICH totriumphs. comes He PRESBY ATTENDED WHICH WAS AND

life experience, rich in in hisstone IN HIS YOUTH. IDENT GRANT

.''''*.: -::: '....:.....:.:>. "''.

.. -. -. fip—WWBEftaHaB&iSaxS.--: -.i*..:""". ''.:.: "",

Ji:Pi tPlllP

PRESIDENT GRANTThe Patron of Drama, Literature, Art and Music (Concluded from page 675) There were few road shows and Mountain States Telephone and rather than this, sooner than it should pass what few survived were of a type Telegraph Company who proposed intoungodly,the handslet it orutterlycontrolperishof theandwickedcrumbleor that the Church as a stockholder to erect a magnificent building on to atoms; let it be as though it had not

could not tolerate. Also some of the site. After nine months the been, an utter waste, each and every part

the thirtyfive stockholders reprebuilding was razed by the Telephone returning to its natural element.

senting close to fifty percent of the Company and stock, deprived of dividends for sevThen came the Depression! One of our hymns reads "God

eral years, clamored for their money. It is interesting to know that in moves in a mysterious way"; and

President Grant at a meeting of the the dedicatory prayer offered by who is there to say that the prayerdirectors of a large company offered Daniel H. Wells, at the opening of prophecy of Daniel H. Wells has

three thousand dollars of his own the Salt Lake Theatre he made this not been literally fulfilled? Whatmoney to preserve the theatre if significant appeal: ever the answer we do know that we

others would join him. Not a dollar have the glorious memories of the

preto influences evil or Suffer wicked President no Grant's sacred shrine, and offered. so, for these andwas And walls; these within prevail or dominate and association with it, sweet long reasons, the theatreother was sold disorder, drunkenness, debauchery, neither

while the selling was good, to the or licentiousness of any sort or kind; but unsullied.

PRESIDENT GRANT'S TEN DAUGHTERS. BACK ROW, LEFT

TO RIGHT: EDITH, DESSIE, RACHEL, FLORENCE, LUCY.

FRONT ROW: MARY, EMILY, FRANCES, GRACE, ANNA.

FATHER TAKEN ABOUT 35 YEARS AGO.A

ISWHO LOVED AND HONORED

recollection of very first my By LUCY GRANT CANNON parents comes was when IMY about three years of age. I

sickhad been and had become so '"Ten daughters and two sons—and those who that not to walk.weak able I was yet live to call him father, rise to call himI can see them now, these loving

parents, mother holding me and putBLESSED.

ting my feet on the floor, father just a few steps away with arms outstretched. I read a message of love Each birthday of every child and is reflected in all the acts of their

and assurance in those tender blue grandchild a letter and a check come lives. It is the pivot for all their life's

eyes, those strong hands extended to them either delivered personally work. They have lived the two

so invitingly towards me, and as I or by mail. Each Christmas and great commandments—love of Godtook the few uncertain steps and was New Year's and often at other and neighbor—and another comgathered into his sheltering arms I times, books and checks, pictures or mandment which is also an expreswas content. Those arms have alsome thoughtful token arrives. His sion of religious belief: to visit the

ways been my shelter. His great love and blessing always go with widow and the fatherless in their

heart has understood my needs. the gifts and fall like a benediction affliction.

Father's devotion to his family is upon us all. It has always been a The widow has always been the

outstanding. His personal interest joy to feel that our foster mother recipient of their solicitous attention.

in them and their homes is constantly has joined with him in all he does, Clearing their homes of mortgages, exhibited. He has helped them even and shows her loyalty and fidelity getting their children into business

when it was a great sacrifice. He by being his support. Faith is their positions, seeing that those who

has often said, "Help the sapling; most outstanding characteristic. were sick had proper medical attenthe oaks can take care of themThey have a knowledge of and an tion. During those lean years which

selves."abiding faith in the Gospel, This followed the panic of 1893, when to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

IIBKSwI! quirements. In our home we seemed horse, old John. Although the two

to observe an unwritten law that seats of our surrey were crowded

Church service came first and home we all must go. Father would take

duties second. Sometimes when I our favorite drive, down West Temthink back now I see where we used ple and then to Liberty Park. West

the Church as an excuse for not Temple had rows of cottonwood doing some of the home duties. trees. If it was early spring and

Nevertheless there grew up in our the sap was coming up in the trees, hearts a love for Church service and father would stop and cut a tender a wish to do our part in the ward, limb from the tree and make us and in this our love for parents was whistles. How interested we were

increased because we early became in watching him make the bark come aware that the best way to show our off smoothly and put the notch in love and appreciation for our parents the tree fiber; then on went the bark

was to do our best to help in Church again and our whistle was ready.

organizations. There was no way And how those whistles would

we could make them happier than sound as we rode slowly home. Each

to be faithful in Church duties. one seemed to be pitched just a

Father has never asked a soul to little differently.

do anything he was not willing to do himself and usually he did it first T am afraid "spare the rod and to set the example. In the early days spoil the child", was never takenLUCY STRINGHAM GRANT, WIFE OF

PRESIDENT GRANT WHO DIED as a serious command by our father,

JANUARY 3, 1S93. mother, or foster mother, for although we heard that Aunt Augusta

give a nickel was harder than it had had the record of being the highest been to give five or ten dollars, father salaried woman school teacher in still helped those in distress, trying the state and was a splendid disciin every possible way to help men plinarian, she had other methods and women finance themselves, raise than the rod method, for it was never interest on their mortgages, and keep in evidence in our home. I think we

their financial honor. were hurt worse to know that we

As soon as we were old enough, had displeased our parents than we we started to work in his office, and would have been to have felt the it was the greatest satisfaction of our sting of the switch.

young lives to feel that we were helpFather is the most generous man ing him by caring for ourselves and in the world. One cannot even

in that way sharing his heavy burden mention all his acts of generosity of debt. Although he was always because they are legion.

hopeful and optimistic, working, planning night and day so that he As an example, when father was might be able to get out of debt, I bein England I wrote my usual weekly lieve those years of anxiety would letter and mentioned that Sister at that time was helping who K completely him brokenhave down fifty assessed in been,home, our had WINTERS AS APPEARED GRANT AUGUSTA SHE assurance supreme he not hadhad AT OF AGE, SOME IS YEARS ABOUT YEARS chapel. dollars on their ward new in the his faith of born courageand BEFORE HER PRESIDENT TO MARRIAGE

Gospel of Christ. I know in those GRANT.

years a horror of financial obligation was born into the souls of those of us when the stakes were so scattered who were old enough to see him unit would often be months at a time der this great strain which made us that he would have to be away. It

feel that debt was like a huge dragon seemed to us that Arizona and Mexinto whose ugly mouth the very lifeico were his second homes. He

blood of its victims was drawn. No seemed to think the long and hard

wonder he is constantly crying unto trips by team and wagon were the people everywhere to keep out of portion of the young men, and he debt. One whose experience has being one should always be on the

been such as his knows the exquisite frontier.

pain of honor on the verge of being What a jubilant time we had #**t***"<k crushed and of a good name perilwhen he came home! We would

ously near being dragged in the all gather around and listen to his dust. experiences. I can see him now

Father's and Aunt Augusta's dewalking around the house with a votion to the Church led us into acchild on each foot, or tossing the stilltivity. We were encouraged and children up on his knee. (He

taught that it was part of our duty rides the little ones hobbletee-gee.

allas children carries regularly to attend the to me back Memory

GRANT, EMILY WELLS WIFE OF HEBER J. all reservices rides to takeChurch our and meet behind we used GRANT, 1908. MAY 25, WHO DIED

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

she told me when she went into the his family and intimate friends but temple gate father was there waitby strangers who knew of this eviing. He had never seen her before, dence of devotion. For six months

only, knowing her by my descrip- I was with my mother while she was tion, he stopped her and handed her receiving treatment in a California an envelope as he wished the family hospital, and as often as was pos- a happy Christmas. The envelope sible he was with us. Flowers came

contained twenty dollars. at frequent intervals; fruit, dainties,

One of his characteristics which new clothes-—everything he could

to me seems almost Christlike is his send her was hers. Almost every day

ability to turn the other cheek, to do a letter reached her, and if for some good to those who despitefully use reason it was delayed even the him. Many times he has helped nurses would notice it. I remember

the man in his distress who had prethe Sister Superior (we were in a viously openly criticized him, who Catholic Hospital ) saying to mother had defamed his name and had not that in all her years of nursing she lived up to father's standards. How had never had any man treat his

lenient and tolerant he has been to wife as considerately as mother was those who have neglected their treated. She said she would never

Church and turned away from the believe any of the bad stories which faith of their fathers. He never were told her about Mormons. That

seems to bear malice. He is bitter reminds me that when we first went

Sisters found CANNON, AUTHOR, LUCY hospital SECOND GRANTTHE to that and the in his of sin, but to denouncement GRANT, PRESIDENT ONDAUGHTER TAKEN OF of them one were Mormons we J. sinner the HER MARRIAGE TO GEORGE DAY OFTHE he is most merciful.

CANNON. asked me my name, and when I re-

"Pven after fortythree years, as plied, "Lucy,"she said, "Oh, you

She hadn't complained about it, but I write, tears of gratitude and Mormons name your children as we

I thought it was rather a high assessappreciation come to my eyes when Christians."I was only eleven, but

I can remember how inment for a widow with two small I think of his tenderness to me in even now I replied: "Wechildren to support. Soon a letter times of sickness. As many have dignant I was when

came from father to Sister K, heard him tell, I had a severe sickare Christians."

with a check enclosed; she was to ness when twelve years old; we were

use the twentyfive dollars to help in Washington, D. C, at the time. incident comes to my mindon her assessment. When she told But for the administration of the ONEin connection with little Heber's

me about it tears were in her eyes, servants of the Lord and the power life. The Salt Lake temple was

she felt so grateful for the letter of God being sought in my behalf nearing completion and as a prowritten in father's own handwriting; I should have died. Those weeks ject for all Sunday School and

but the check she wanted to return. when I was so ill, even though we Primary children it was suggested

However, she did not return it, but had two trained nurses, father we forget our Christmas presgave it to the ward in addition, makscarcely left the room night or day. ents and give the money to the

ing her donation seventyfive dollars As I was improving, he read to me temple. Our family was enthusiinstead of fifty dollars. Years after by the hour. He brought me presastic about the idea and so immewhen I was visiting her—she was ents and dainties as I was able to diately we told father that we wantthen nearly ninety years old and enjoy them and in the most wondered the equivalent of our usual

almost blind—she went to her ful way did as much as the fondest Christmas gifts in money to pay on

drawer and brought out the letter mother could. the temple. Father gave us each a

for me to read. I was still too weak to walk when

An artist came in to sell him a picwe left Washington. Father carried FLORENCE,FIVE OF THERACHELGRANTANDSISTERS.LUCY. FRONTBACK ROW:ROW:

ture. Father did not have space on me to the train and waited on me ANNA, EDITH.

his walls to hang a picture, but the during the journey home. If he had

artist needed money; so father told been a trained nurse, his touch could

him he had always been sorry he not have been more gentle or his had let him sell his last picture to care more considerate. We arrived

him so cheap, so he gave him an extra in Salt Lake in time for the dedififty dollars for the previous picture cation of the temple. Several times

and suggested that the artist sell the he carried me all through the temple.

picture he had to someone else. Weeks of convalescence followed

I although arrived home, and when Christdays before a few Once all willing family to wait the were little I preparing some as wasmas

I near him and still wanted on me father family,gifts for a needy willing with me. to be was What the he in him I showedwalked and

all I is of true of myself say my family telling the aboutthings, him ill. sisters they been have when from the story gatheredas I had

the mother, I mentioned that I must During the years of my mother's get my temple clothes ready; I was illness, which lasted over a long

lending them to the woman to use period of time, his attentions were the next morning. The next day so constant and considerate as to

when she came to return my clothing be commented upon not only by

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

in the bedrooms and see if they were all full because of the arrival of some unexpected guests. Usually

we would go into the dining room and light the gas and look to see if a note had been left telling us to make a bed on the storeroom floor because Aunt S or Uncle B had arrived.

We were minute men when we were young. Father would go down

town in the morning and have an idea that he would like ten or twenty or maybe fifty guests to come up for the evening. He would unconcernedly send word home that they

had been invited and would we please be prepared. Aunt Augusta

never seemed flurried over it; she

quickly to send of us would somePRESIDENT GRANT WITH A GROUP OF HIS many severe sicknesses during which GRANDCHILDAUGHTERS, SONSIN-LAW AND to prethe store; begin would some

DREN, TAKEN ABOUT 1914 IN A CANYON he showed the greatest fortitude and pare the house and by the timeSETTING.

patience. The winter after he was father came home we would be in

appendicitis for he operated was on readiness he wouldn't and know dollars of coursehundred which was with eight in months, about bed the anything about rush and scaminfar Christof the usual excess yet pleurisy pneumonia, and we been. pering there had little check, proudlymas and how Later complain. never heard him

his bishop. to the handedHeber such day was one My wedding carbuncles boils and he had when

later, just years or so aSome week that decided we time, as a occasion. at a We had for months as many

before his passing, the bishop was hundred at once, we thought Job would just have the two immediate in and Heber felt under his pillow himself would have found a rival in families to a simple breakfast, befor his purse and handed the bishop father for patience and resignation. cause father and Aunt Augusta and

eight dollars which he had saved to I have heard it said that men are her daughter were leaving for Japan be added to his other gifts for the hard patients to care for, but here that night and we were to go as far temple. is one exception. He is so unselfas Seattle with them. The mornIn times of sickness or death ish he never wants to bother anying of the wedding, just as he was

father's fortitude has been remarkone to wait on him. leaving the house, he said: "It is the

able. When his last son was bedmeeting of the Apostles in the temridden for over a year, and during "Rather likes sociability. There is ple this morning, and don't you think

the last months of his life so often nothing he loves better than to it would be nice to invite them to in very great pain, father would sit entertain a group of friends. He was the wedding?"Of course we all said

by his cot for hours at a time and delighted to bring his friends to yes, but imagine the consternation of soothe him. He would be in his room have meals with us or to spend the the cateress when the number of

and with him as much as he could, night. Many times when we had been guests was increased about fifty per

and when he passed away father absent from home for the evening cent. The whole family were marwas resigned to his going although and returned, we would peek around shalled and cousins and aunts hurhe knew that as far as earthly posterity is concerned he would probFOUR GENERATIONS

ably have no son to carry his name. (Left), RachelEldest IvinsDaughterGrant,of MotherPresidentof HeberGrant, J.andGrant;(Center),(Right),Lucy PresidentTaylor Anderson,Grant; (Standing),Daughter of RachelRachel.G. Taylor,

His great faith, which to us has seemed absolute, has been a strength and a stay to us all our lives.

Father's interest in his daughters as we have been bearing and rearing our children could not have been more marked had he been our mother. When the time drew near

for the arrival of a new grandchild he would be, I think, quite as anxious as any of our husbands.

Each grandchild has been received by him with great pride and as a blessing. He has said many times

nothing gave him more satisfaction and happiness than to see them all healthy and strong, possessed of all their faculties.

When a young man, father had THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

habit because he always wanted

Grandma to read all she could, so whenever he was writing to any of the family a carbon went in and grandma had a letter. We, his

daughters, still have carbon copies of choice bits of poetry and special letters, and whenever he is away he often writes to one or the other of us and sends a carbon copy to the other daughters.

For the last seven years of grandmother's life she lived in my home, and I can not recall a day's passing when father was home that he did not come or telephone or get word from grandmother. He was always

so proud of her because of her gracious ways, her splendid spirituality,

GRANT,DANIEL PRESIDENT YOUNGGRANTS and her handsome and radiant face

EST SON 1895, WHO DIED MARCH 10, AT THEAGE OF 4.—a face which showed that contentment and peace were hers.

riedly called to help prepare for the Father is the soul of honor. SomeHEBERGRANT, GRANT.WHO DIEDELDESTFEBRUARYSON OF27, PRESIDENT1S96, AT

additional guests. times people think him harsh because THE AGE OF 7.

There is nothing, however, we of this keen sense of honesty. He

love to do more than to get ready never does an underhanded thing spend time inviting others to go with for father's guests. He is always and he scorns the acts of those who him. When he goes on trips he

such a fine host, making everyone are not acting honorably. His word takes some of us along and on many

feel at home, telling his thrilling and has never been questioned and he trips we all receive a cordial inviunique experiences, which we never stands like flint for the right. tation to accompany him. We love

tire of hearing. Father always seems at ease in to go because in our confidential

"travel"chats better acget we kings, meet can company. It is He all said a any great have men quainted learn to appreciate and or presidents, princes, the humblestgreat if father's mother love and and fully qualities. his great is more and mechanic or Church member to hisdevotion a sign mother was

of greatness, he is one of the great. equally at home with any of them. No family could have a better

A more thoughtful or affectionate He never seems to be embarrassed example of fidelity to one's beliefs son it has not been my privilege to or confused, and has the faculty of than we have had in our father. He

see. His anxiety to have her happy making those he is with feel at perhas set us the example in Church atin her old age, his willingness to fect ease. tendance, and in payment of tithes,

fast offerings, of donations and allshare with to he her had and likes to his pleasure take He never kind. the every attended has He well for almostprovide her was If it ride, a alone. auto is an

auxiliaries. functions he will various the ofpassion with him. Every day when

we had family prayers and it was THE GRANT BROTHERS. FRONT ROW, LEFT Nothing gives him more real hapGRANT, piness JEDEDIAH RIGHT: than to MORGAN children see his andhis kneel turn to pray he would SMITH GRANT, by TOJOSEPH GEORGE HYRUM in grandchildren giving service the BRIGROW, RIGHT: GRANT. LEFT TO so she pray BACK couldgrandmother and

hear it, even in her deafness. He F.HAMGRANT.F. GRANT, HEBER J. GRANT, JOSHUA Church and in living as consistent

talked to her and she could hear his Latterday Saints should live. He

voice when she was not able to hear has led the way for his family in all some others. He bought her hearing Church service. His testimonies of

devices to see if her hearing might the divinity of the Gospel have stirnot be helped, and in every way posred our souls and helped to build sible lived the sixth commandment our testimonies.

"Honor thy father and thy mother."I could go on indefinitely, it seems

His letters to her during the years to me, recounting incidents in my he was in the mission field were life in which Father and Aunt most loving and kind, and grandAugusta have had a vital part.

mother would sometimes remark Father has often said, "Love begets that the frequent letters kept her love"and so as their love for us had in touch with him almost more than been so sincere and genuine it is when he was at home because at returned in like measure by us. And

home he was away so much he was to my dearly beloved father and able to run in for only a few minutes, foster mother it is good to be able but when he was away he had to to say in looking back these many get his letters written and would years your example and love and tell about what he was doing and teachings have been beacons which thinking. have guided us and will help bind

I believe he got the carbon copy ZQZiii'iiiii$%lSi us to you into eternity.

EIGHTY YEARS ACHIEVEMENT

standing the differing views of others.

Yet, he is considerate of others'man's achievements and his viewpoints, and has the true spirit of real worth are measured by his counsel. He exemplifies the statepositive qualities. Judged by ment of Abraham Lincoln, who said:

these things, it would be evident with- "Stand with anyone who stands right.

out further knowledge of him, that Stand with him while he is right, and

President Heber J. Grant would go part with him when he goes wrong."

far in life. The many positive characHe fulfils this statement of courage

teristics he possesses furnish a splen- "The courage we desire and prize is did example to every member of the not the courage to die decently, but to particularly Church, and (Carlyle) young to live manfully."—briefly will permit only people. Space

the presentation of a few: Honesty

One of President Grant's outstandPersistence ing qualities is his absolute honesty.

One of President Grant's mottoes, His straightforwardness, his abhor-—-"Thatdemonstratedwhichconstantlywe persistin hisin lifedoingis rencefalsehood,of anythinghis discernmentin the ofnatureand obof

becomes easy to do, not that the naservance of truth, are all very positure of the task has changed, but that tive. In adversity as well as prosperour capacity to do has increased."ity, President Grant's faithfulness and

Calvin Coolidge made this statement: liberality in tithes and donations have

"Nothing in the world can take the been remarkable.

will Initiative will not—Education—Geniusplace of persistence. Talent will not "InitiaElbert says that Hubbard and determination not—Persistence tive is doing done, what ought to be alone are omnipotent."

without having to be told."From

A RECENT up, PHOTOGRAPH stake as an employee, OF PRESIDENT boyhood Industry

HIS GRANT AT DESK IN THE OFFICE OF president, an apostle, in every capaThroughout his life our President FIRST THE PRESIDENCY.

has evidenced the quality of industry city, our leader has been alert to in an outstanding manner. In his give his thought and effort to the adyoung manhood he performed three jobs at a time. Later vancement of everything with which he has been conhe presided over a stake in Tooele county, and carried nected. He has clearly exemplified the divine instrucon his livelihood forty miles away in Salt Lake. tion, as follows: "Men should be anxiously engaged

In the midst of severe financial distress in the earlier in a good cause, and do many things of their own days he worked with greater energy, carried on with free will, and bring to pass much righteousness; for

determination, and finally emerged from debt and disthe power is in them wherein they are agents unto tress. In his eightieth year one may find him at his themselves."—(Doc. and Cov. 58:2728)

office early and late giving his energies to the affairs of the Church. Frankness

There is never any question as to President Grant's

Generosity position on any question. He is outspoken in his

This divine quality is well exemplified in his charviews; and those views"are always based upon his acter. He personifies the teaching of the Savior—understanding, experience, and judgment of that which

"Let not thy left hand know what thy right hand is for the greatest welfare of the Church and all the doeth."The extent of aid that he has personally members thereof.

rendered to worthy members in distress, besides his regular donations through Church sources, is farLoyalty reaching, but not made known by him. In his generLoyalty to a great cause, giving one's self to it

osity or spirit he has shown honor to men who have wholeheartedly, is a means of developing a fine pervigorously differed with him in matters and policies, sonality. This is the result of President Grant's devobut in whom he recognized integrity and ability. tion to the Cause of Truth, that has carried him

forward throughout his life, until he stands today as

Courage the Lord's Anointed, holding the keys of divine authorHe has always demonstrated that he is prepared ity upon the earth.

to abide by his principles, and is afraid of no man. May his days on earth be long and full of joy!

He has never hesitated to express his views and to stand for that which he believes to be right, notwithPRESIDING BISHOPRIC,

a

GRANT BROS. LIVERY & TRANSFER COMPANY GIVES

THE NEWSBOYS A RIDE, THANKSGIVING DAY, 1S90,

IN THEIR FORTY PASSENGER RAYMOND COACH.

President Grant Duringwith Hebermy lifelong}. Grant,associationdating THE BUSINESS MAN

back to early boyhood, I cannot remember a time when I did notknow and respect him for his outBUSINESS VENTURES AND standing business genius. Webster

defines genius as.. "Innate bent ofmind or disposition; remarkable apCHURCH FINANCING

titude or natural endowment for some special pursuit; character or fortyfirst year of his life, in Salt

essential principle; embodiment; a By THE HONORABLE Lake City. His death was deeply

person possessed of high mental lamented by the whole community, powers or faculties.''I believe that HEBER M. WELLS and by none more profoundly than

atthe describesdefinition business Presidents Brigham by and Young a First Governor of the State of totributes of Heber his J. Grant C. Kimball, immediate Heber

nicety. Utah associates in the First Presidency.

Slightly my senior in age, we were "Oh, for another Jeddy,"was a nevertheless friends and companions frequent expression on the lips of business with an even keener earliest a sible, recollection.from As in after President my Young years—sense and judgment than when frail enin physical heboy was he simple pathetic plaint that and spoke

dowments, but in respect to that, as was a younger man. volumes. "His most distinguished

to all other handicaps, his wonderThose particular traits of charson", wrote Historian Orson F.

ful intuition and perseverance overacter were responsible for his becomWhitney in 1904, "is Apostle Heber came all obstacles until at the age ing president of banks, mercantile J. Grant, the founder of the Japanese

of eighty he stands erect as a pikeestablishments, insurance comMission, whose versatile abilities, staff and glowing with health and panies, sugar factories, and, indeed, energetic action, frank, ready, offoptimism for the future and, if posPresident of the Church, were manihand address and various excellent fest to a marked extent in the days qualities are reminiscent of his illusPRESIDENT OF ASSOCIATES BUSINESS EARLY dwelt with he his widowed when sire."trious

TO RIGHT: GRANT: GEORGE LEFT Ivins mother, Rachel Ridgeway T. JOSHUAODELL, GRANT, AND FREDERICK BRIGHAM are the interesting anecMany

GRANT. Grant, at 14 Second East Street in dotes related of Jedediah, whose

Salt Lake City. fearless advocacy of truth and right,

Before that he lived on Main and daring denunciation of falseStreet in the old Grant homestead hood and wrong, with his ready which stood between the residences speech, quick wit, incisive logic, and of Daniel H. Wells and Bishop adroit handling of his subject, are

Edward Hunter.

His father, Jedediah M. Grant,

Counselor to President Brigham

Young, died when Heber J. was an

infant in arms, but he left an example of devotion to the Church and a legacy of character and spirituality which have remained a bulwark of strength to the son.

At this juncture it seems fitting, JEDEDIAH M.

because of the similarity of characGRANT, FATHER teristics of father and son, to introOF HEBER.

duce a partial resume of the attributes of Jedediah Morgan Grant, who died December 1, 1856, in the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936 so characteristic of the main subject of it, and then with knuckles on the president of the bank as well as of this sketch—his illustrious son, ground at the edge, shoot at the of the Church. The bank was in

who has risen even to greater marbles; and if they were playing its infancy and in addition to fillheights than his revered father. "keeps,"the winner would pocket ing the office of assistant cashier

Heber J. Grant, as a boy, was all the marbles he knocked out of "Heber J."was the janitor, the payrich in spiritual graces but poor as the ring. ing and receiving teller, the note

the proverbial Job's turkey in this "H. J."was very adept at this clerk and the bookkeeper. But let

world's goods. But the filial duty game and his pockets frequently him tell it:

of providing for his saintly mother bulged with his winnings, though the "I opened ten at bank promptly urge, everpresent he an andwas stout "Injun Charley"a was it con- o'clock closed and promptly at three m. p. condition with and courage met the tender. they both played Of course to I had give of a bond $25,000, vouchfortitude. "Knuckle down Boston,"with other ing for my honesty. I walked up to the

I was a poor boy myself through boys of their neighborhood, but the office of President Brigham Young and just as the he door, his opened with cape financial reverses encountered by my play of these experts two became his on arm, I said: 'President as Young, which, father (from however, he notable large gallery of a and drew I the you know, other elected day was

recoveredsubsequently we, ) and so assistant cashier s of Zion Savings spectators. Bank

full Trust I and his they Company, and require abbreviated a as"H. J.", instinct early business "Heber J's"of bond guaranteeing $25,000, honesty. my I, companions being andname, and

it his markedly I thought was with shown, be would a very appropriate when to friends, together heads put our thing for the president of the to sign bank hire marble winnings, he would of ourtry the to balance budgets I bond and for have my come up your in other the to boys signature.'said, smiled and 'Heber, He torespective mothers. decided We for chores do his wood, I I don't see in the world out can get how neighborhoodhim—cut sell but, asraise eggs, chickens and

I of signing said bond. haul for your so water things other good and do many

I this venture not an remember, was things at directors'about the you meeting, his It cirmother. widowed was

I if I success. the to thinkenthusiastic refuse will sign they now your bond

this cumstances that such as caused truth.'of telling accuse the not reme in He pip, or got the thechickens dogs

to Bishop describe it as him Woolley that real to marked a pleasure would be to lot about big themour chased that sign he would have Brother James "the laziest in the Thirteenth boy fright in their that extent ansuch I it out. 'But Jack it,make a have very had Bishop, other seeing Ward."The

I just busy lay. for ride. going and day to a forgot amthey

boys working about "Widow His carriage was waiting for him. He rewith to bed

They T have said that when a boy "H. J."owGrant's"Grantplace,had supposedto hire herthat choresWidanturnedawfulfrompainhis ridein hisandrightwent side.

frail, it then, called did he inflammation and the of bowels, how and was her done because son "coddled"own it later or that a day two was announced to foresight, seek hiswith unusual not to disposed them. was do entirely What of the he out pain was and on build this handicap andovercome

I recall, in recovery, to high road as the and did that Bishop not know was in to his him physique? It cameup I a more few days passed he away. am lazy Grant's payson"was "Widow

it sure that died that of a ruptured reflective he appendix. his of moodsone ing to the have of the out done work late doctor, the His B. Seymour Young, live if to important, wished hewas

skill, his of rewards it."assured he of was had doubt and no own me to sturdy to a manhood,and grow in his simply demonstrating early

as leaf and spend muchturn a new youth what was I to 1880 From 1890 had been in the possible open his as timeof greatest "H. J.'s"Salt of City Recorder Lake but City laterassets—ato bekeenone inof to himair; devote so he began and born sense. business for further defeated election was by to outof-doors andself great the to

exercise as much as time would per- "H. J."developed, through perthe Liberal party which came into

mit. He played marbles in the sistent practice, a phenomenal penvictory in 1890. President Grant

I restreets. He joined a baseball club. chant for penmanship, until he was reminds me that at that time

He took long walks. able to earn considerable sums by marked to him that I was very sorry

His chief competitor in the game writing visiting and business cards indeed that I had been engaged of marbles, then known as "Knuckle in a fine, Spencerian hand. At working for the city instead of learndown Boston", was an adopted Inage fifteen he became employed in ing something about business, and

dian boy that Nelson Empey bethe insurance office of H. R. Mann he, President Grant, suggested that

friended and took into his home. & Co. as a policy clerk. With

The boys called him "Injun Charhis industry and skillful penmanley."They used to make a big ring ship he made considerable extra

on the ground with white chalk and money after business hours. This

place a dozen marbles in the middle connection with H. R. Mann, by the

way, was his introduction to the insurance business, which, so far as business is concerned, has been his "first love"throughout his life.

He became engaged in the fire insurance business as an agent before he was of age, and has continued in the fire insurance business ever since. HEBER M.

AS HE WELLS J. HERER GRANT APPEARED AT ABOUT 3S HE WAS WHEN AGE. OF YEARS At an early age "H. J."was made GOVERNOR Assistant Cashier of Zion's SavUTAH. OF

ings Bank and Trust Company.

This also was before he was twentyone. Brigham Young was

it into debt, assessed the stock, and it ended in collapse.

President Grant's daughter, Lucy

G. Cannon, writing of her father's

business activities, says:

Father is loyal to home products. He

has made it a practice never to buy anything from outside that he can get from home sources. We have all partaken of

his spirit and the first thing we ask our grocer or merchant is if the article has been made at home. And what he says to

people of his state is just as applicable to any other state or country. He believes in

building up the community or country in which a person resides.

Father's ability to figure a business problem in his mind seems almost uncanny, since I have such difficulty in remembering even my multiplication tables. He can

add, multiply, figure percentages, and do all manner of mental calculations which are

FLOAT PARADEA SHOWING PART OF THE notes at 6 percent, but, as good luck simplythey arebewilderingto his gentlemento me, andfriends,I oftenalthoughthink FIRST EQUIPMENT BEET FACTORY SUGAR

TOWHICH to IMPORTED to undertrying FROM FRANCE WAS seem they be always in selling would have it, I succeeded

IN 1852UTAH FROM THE FREIGHT WHEN stand. property enough making and in TON.MISSOURI RIVER A WAS $500.00 in business interested has been many He the enough during money to start helping four enterprises, always new

he would go out and try to raise the months from the day that I was callones: ranching, cattle raising, vinegar

culture, making, bee soap to manufacturing, a mission ed to on go to Japan to start capital with amoney a bank stores, the sugar merchandising, implement all of I paid debts, and my raise payof to out $250,000. did go He I stables, insurance. industry, livery and

this capital, and lo and behold, his $4,600 tithing, in the four months."really believe though that insurance is his

friends insisted on making the capIt is too long a story to attempt to first love, both life and fire, because he bebenefit to special in as of insurance lieves detail intricacies resourcethe of theital felt a he $500,000, which was individual. the in fulness of this remarkable it. manmistake, to he opposed and was to surely fortune thought our was We saving the State and Bank of Utah the practically raised entire in Grant the founded capsoap he when be madeHe

ital of $500,000 and there was not the Zion's Savings Bank in the proSoap Factory. The Grant soap was far

soap. laundry other better than any We panic 1891-2 of longed Sufand 3. fees.a dollar of promotion foldletters enclosed of hundreds and wrote

efforts say, his heroic fice it to by this telling merits of the circulars about ed bank was named the The new prefearful against odds, and he banished All fine other were soaps soap.State of opened and Utah was Bank

laundry soap Grant our and house from being the from banks vented twoin the spring with of 1890 Heber for everything. used was their to close forced doors when I inpresident, as and Grant wasJ.

like their out going deposits were of speaks Levi Edgar Young It its cashier.stalled occupied as

quarters in the north half of Zion's snowslides and they were in the President Grant as a business man

Savings Bank, but through circumdirest distress. in these words:

stances beyond all human control its From the time that President Grant enfield daily of life, he tered the broad continue did Grant Heber J.life precarious. a year TThus Before was developing of the importance to lift himself up by his own emphasized like a clap of thunder passed,had in his to led work This home industries.

came the Baring Brothers'failure bootstraps, or perhaps it were better the conservation of our resources. The

through Argentine investments said, thus did he "skyrocket"into vision which he had of an independent and fulfilled, and progressive been people has the earn business prominence and reaching precipitated a panicwhich buildof empire the carried work has on he of confidence the men and support clear outall the inheld way from London his predecessors as an ing, which to Utah. And upon the heels of of affairs within the state of Utah as dustrial policy. John Stuart Mill once

industrial for the regard that high wrote "A in business the of finance as men the well there 1891 camethe panic of is morals."for sound necessary pursuits nation. organized centers of the He of panic 1893 whenworldwide in the clear mind ethical has been law This

banks and great corporations everythe firm of Heber J. Grant and Comof President Grant, for he founded some

where crashed, and pandemonium pany, the Home Fire Insurance of the most important business concerns of all, mention them the cannot West. Life Insurance We the Company, Home civilized world. thereigned over Grant, firm of old are for they many. The ninety purchased and Company, lost everything into the we had, Congrew Odell, and Company We all

and "Heber J."became more than per cent of the stock of the Salt solidated Wagon and Machine Company.

the assistwith and, Herald, Lake nothing,"off than"$100,000 worse the first sugar factory, Lehi The ance of Horace Whitney G. still untold. whom Butas he has often factory built in America beet sugar

the the take of to denominates "one refused "Heberdaunted he J."promachinery, was with American

I get act, "If saying: finest ever thatbankruptcy newspaper men instrulargely through moted

if it, I can't but helpknocked lived, down busiwriter a as as a both and mentality of Heber J. Grant—andthe I attack would giant shoulda me a ness manager", became the Herald sacrifice financial to him at and great

if I should shins; the andkick on him years, great inside of three success his friends.

old and yearslive to a hundred be year. Afterwards, a making $12,000 finanthe during postwar Again,

I debts would paid hadn'tthen my crisis sugar statehood beet secial however, the 1921 of was when live let another to the Lord mebeg refinancing, and industry needed cured, Messrs. A. McCune, W. finally paid "I said:ten."Later he the necesprocured Heber J. Grant Chambers, Bamberger, R. C. Simon for appealingall without debts my aid. this circumstance he sary Of Rawlins, L. Judd, and Judge Joseph interest of rate in the discountany says: newspaper, Democratic wanting a I time at to whichuntil Japan, went

I did appeal for a renewal of my acquired control of the Herald, ran In 1921 the UtahIdaho Sugar Company borrowed $12,535,000.00. They expected guarding its assets? I asked recently

dollars five six million as sugar orto make of John Wells, one of the Presiding selling at paid a bag. $17.00was They

$12.00 a ton to the farmers for the beets, Bishopric in the Bishop's Building.

but when the beets were turned into sugar "The part which President Grant the price, instead of being $17.00, was has played in keeping the Church

instead the of season, at the and,$5.00, end Wells, of said Bishop debt,"

all as outof paid the having borrowed money in every way. manifest been "hasusual, part sold only crop the of and was

the company still owed the bankers seven He has set his face like flint against million dollars. contracting obligations greater than

of the negotiate a renewal I went East to the revenues justified, and has nurin million dollars withseven the banks

Chicago, St. Paul and New York, and tured, protected, and greatly enfinally succeeded in getting a renewal of hanced its assets until today the

the seven million and a pledge of $2,800,- Church owes not one red cent, but loan000.00, additional or to pay 40% is of much the contrary the owner for on

beets. small of cropa Subsequently a sugin- valuable other real estate and the thatgestion government, was made

which, through the War Finance Corporavestments of gratifying magnitude."

tion, was taking care of cotton raisers, "President Grant, whose guiding the growers. to take of care beetought all in these inof alert is ever genius

in Salt City LakeiMr. Eugene Meyer was

is wonderful a volvements and who to stock forarranging loans to be made men, and the suggestion was that the govsalesman, gives personal attention to

G. COLONEL ALEXANDER AN EARLY HAWES, growers. the to finance beeternment ought activity of every financial the MorOF FRIEND ASSOCIATE INSURANCE AND

it attenwill said: "I giveMr. Meyer my nenever he HEBER J. TIME GRANT. and community, AT ONE HE WAS mon

I totion get as as soon Washington, back LIFE GENERAL YORK THE OF MANAGER NEW spiritual the for glects admonitions OF INSURANCE KINGDOM FOR I it THE COMPANY wired: done."believe can beand He

PRESIBRITAIN, GREAT WITH HE BOARDED welfare of the members of the of the to Washington"Send representatives

J. HEBER DENT GRANT'S WAS MOTHER WHENvarious sugar companies, either."and I am sure the Church AGE. ABOUT OF YEARS TWELVE

matter can be fixed up, but I do not believe While limited perspective prethat it can possibly be done by correspondcludes broad conclusions at this time, for his own good at times, but Heberence."

Henry H. Rolapp, who was then the the organization of the Church Se- ]. Grant has never repudiated or

President of the Amalgamated Sugar Comcurity program during President failed to pay a dollar of obligation

Sugar the of Holley Carltonpany, Mr. likely will administration Grant's go

Petrikin, of President Mr.Company, in greatest as of history the one the down rectly and SugarGreat myCompany, Western for whichresponsible—legallyhe was directly oror morindi- of temthe Church, forward movesself, also the to Viceally. Washington; went

President of the United States National porally and spiritually. The result is that today, as during

and of Denver. WesternBank The Great

did and money,the Holley not need any we the presidentsappreciated very much of INherereviewing1 fear mywhatscreedI haveis toowrittenlong allhe wasof thea youngmany decadesman, he pastcan sincewalk us tothese with offices being vouch companies executives the the of and to into forced for the and "Era"so I am that security the which would we offered financial directors greatest of the it to elaboratbring a close withoutbe good. in institutions industrial and Amerheroic accomplishing other many to party our took Senator Reed Smoot

call on the President, and President Hardments of Heber J. Grant, who has ica and be warmly and affectionately

ing turned to Mr. Meyer, the head of the been acclaimed for years as a vergreeted by men who are proud to

said: "Mr. Corporation, and Finance friendWar and as a leader him as know finance. itable of wizard associates his President Grant andMeyer, industry. of finance and said, however, that It should be is to entitled that enterprise anhere have our of statehood the advent With turnedall they the he want."Then money probably been has Heber J. Grant

elected govdiverged. this I was "President Grant, said: andto me in establishing man instrumental and paths

behind States United the whole has sucstateMeyer the ernor of and "H. J"successof furthering the cause more through."him come makehim—the to of the Presidency inceeded industries ful intermountain and of a getting pledge in a Weyousucceeded this time, however, All Church. we Finthe tolivingten-milliondollar loan from stitutions any than War man

friends of best the remained have to enough Corporation, which wasance credit, superb personal day. His

in factories all sugar the beet oftake care adlove brothers and and and my integimpeccable salesmanship, and year's beet for next the IdahoUtah increased and has miration for him since early rity repeatedly, have dollars million and nine usedcrop. andWe in contemplation unbounded become all it a capital paid back in fraction until and brought wasa now, manhood

year. to the aid of the Church, the comof his richness in good works, his

I Reed reached his Washington, undeviating adheralmsdeeds, When enterprise. private munity, and need would asked much we how meSmoot righteousprinciples of to the ence in of times panic times In and of dollars."million said: "Tenand all the to justice and men ness and al- I. For have able it—ask said: has been plenty, "You Grant Heber HeI J. inof visible sign an and outward the of United President the convertedready millions, raise or a hundred, to few

all to entitled grace. spiritual are you thatStates you and ward to raise failed have other where menwant."

this been done has anything. And UTAHOF FACTORY THE LEHI SUGAR guarantee personal and THE largely BEET by FIRST financial is THE COMPANY. the present SUGAR IDAHO What

IN WITH BUILT AMERICA FACTORY SUGAR said, often he has part persuasion. As and what Church, of thestatus THROUGH MACHINERY—LARGELY AMERICAN

has President Grant played in safehis personal credit has been too good THE EFFORTS OF HEBER J. GRANT.

By ALMA O. TAYLOR

Qij

current missionaries were doing in other missions. For instance, he

spent the early months of his mission in Japan in dignified environment:

the best hostelries were his early headquarters. This gave harmonious

background to his towering personality and impressive address. The

cost was much heavier than "Mormon"missionaries were accustomed to pay, or old traditions could sanction.

He and his companions did not realize it at the time, but this withpurse-andscrip policy discredited those who had glibly prophesied that the "Mormon"Elders would promptly become mendicant priests among the lower classes. Their fine

THE FIRST MORMON MISSIONARIES IN JAPAN: quarters and gentlemanly position

FRONT ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT—LOUIS A. made it compatible for the editors PRESIDENT KELSCH AND HEBER J. GRANT.

BACK ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT—A JAPANESE INof the leading newspapers and magTERPRETER, HORACE S. ENSIGN AND ALMA 0. azines to come clamoring for interTAYLOR.

views with the "Mormon"Apostle.

The situation attracted and favorably impressed government officials and cultural leaders. So that, when

the "Mormon"application for a permit to proselyte in Japan was received at the Department of ReliMemories gions, the permit was granted in spite of subtle opposition. The traditional "tfir/iourpurse-orscrip"

policy, if followed, might have beenof faroff japan fatal; a permit to proselyte would

undoubtedly have been denied.

1901, when Heber J. Grant, PRESIDENT President Grant's native ability toINthen an Apostle, was called by capitalize an opportunity was apPresident Lorenzo Snow to GRANT'S JAPANESE CHILDREN WHILE PHOTOGRAPHEDopen a mission in Japan, he was the IN JAPAN. PRESIDENT GRANT WAS

hisonly of quorum member proselytregular ahad not been on who FIRST FOREIGN ing mission. He was without missionary experience. That is probMISSIONably why the Lord chose him for

of a missionJapan. The problems

be found 1901 to 1903 pagans were toamong unique and were not to be solved by the lessons learned in Christian lands. The Japanese Mission needmentality and unfettered depended a man unhampered by the preence on divine guidance.

experience—onecedents and prejudiceswho couldoffaceremotenew andThedirectedthings hisPresidentthree companionsGrant did

problems with an open mind and to do were quite out of line with think them through with pristine what first missionaries had done and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936 plied with vigor, and page after page To the writer, who was one of his in the leading periodicals told the companions in Japan, it remains an "Mormon"story. Soon "Mormons"unexplained thing that there should

and "Mormonism"were being disbe so little response to the ardent cussed pro and con throughout the pleadings of the Lord's servants land. in the midst of what, to them at

When "the tumult and the shoutleast, seemed such justifiable need.

ing died,"and the missionaries setPresident Grant at one time in tled down to the grind of language Japan stated to me that he never learning and mission planning, progonce felt sure, with that sureness ress was slowed by many a puzwhich the clear witness of the Spirit zling problem. President Grant gives, that any given decision or

irked at the leash, as any man of plan was right. He and his fellowenergy and action would do. workers were left to the painful

course of proof by trial. Imagine a

While himself focusing every dynamic soul like Heber J. Grant

faculty of mind and heart on the held down to the slow and uncertain problems of the job, he always conprocess of experimentation! He

sulted with an open mind with his irked at the many restraints, not with companions and gave respectful and the desire to run away, but with the serious consideration to their opinHIS RICKSHAW MAN ions. He was not a dictator. He INPRESIDENTJAPAN. GRANT AND

sought counsel even from the weakest of his comrades. He inspired in

ihem respect for him by his respect Dresident Grant himself probably for them. Yet he did not in the least at times wonders what he accomshirk his responsibility of leadership. plished in Japan. As he has often

While he often accepted the wisdom told publicly, he did not learn the of other opinions and plans and language, so he could not preach frankly followed that wisdom, he or teach except uncertainly through remained the leader. illtrained interpreters. His few

converts, made through such inBefore the Lord he was as a adequate interpreters, later drifted humble child. The way ahead was away. Concretely it all sums up to

dark and uncharted. Divine inspira- a small measure. But the writer,

tion diligently and needed was stayed after long on in who Japan fasting, prayer, for counsought by President disGrant home, came sel, It a precious work. and was covered through years the so many

"with to a anexperience comrade be benefits of President polGrant's

Lord—especiallyApostle as he wrestledwhen thewith waythe iciesmonthsandof activitiesthe mission,in thatthe heearlyis

seemed so obscure. Comparing the convinced President Grant was the

of tangible encouragementabsence right the only man of the spirit inand manifestations for theman—probablyjob.

the experience of the pioneer missionaries to Japan with the abundPresident Grant's assignment, as ance of such blessings enjoyed by ALMAIN JAPAN:0. TAYLORLEFT TOANDRIGHT—LOUISHEBER J. GRANT.A. KELSCH, an Apostle, was to open the door

the first missionaries to England, for the preaching of the Gospel in

Hawaii, and other countries, one can desire to plunge ahead. Eventually Japan. All of his official and perreadily understand why the Japhe was released from his assignment sonal acts connected with such openanese Mission tested to the utmost in Japan and soon sent to preside ing were done with signal ability.

the fortitude and faith of its foundover the European Mission, where, Unconsciously he acted with iners. President Grant's assurance free from the agony of a pagan lanspired authority. The developments

that all would be well, kept his comguage and free from the mysteries of after years prove that the Lord it sometimespanions from serious discourageof a pagan culture, he could take was not so far away as it is unment, however. his normal stride. seemed. In my opinion,

reasonable to think that the Lord ever intended the peculiar equipment with which President Grant is endowed should be stranded for

PRESIDENT GRANT AND A long in a morass of verb conjugaMISSIONARY PARTY CLOTHED JAtions and chopstick technique. IN THE CONVENTIONAL

PANESE ATTIRE OF THE DAY. As viewed by the writer through

the whole period of his stay in

Japan, and as proved by the facts which later came to light, President

Grant's first foreign mission—his assignment to Japan—was eminently

successful.

sbditonal "afflicted and sorely chastened,"and that the test

THIS issue of the "Improvement Era"is dedicated of the faithfulness of the President of the Church by the management and readers to the commemdoes not lie with individuals but with a body offieightieth of the oration the anniversary of coming cially available, if needed. but an inspired A man, Editor, President birth Grant, of Senior Heber the J. one, stands at the head of the Church. is principal also "Era". founders of of the the one who

No man has toiled more than he to establish this It is allimportant that members of the Church magazine and to make it serviceable to the Church. listen to the voice of the Prophet who presides over

This issue, one of the largest and most colorful in the Church, and yield themselves to the counsel is appreciation history, but symbol of a feeble "Era"friend, supporter. that he may give. Every man, however wise, counselor chief "Era's"and of the

May his life be lengthened out, his powers preserved needs aid in meeting the issues of life. Human

and his days filled with joy. history is a long record of the confusion that

also begins this issue the "Improvement Era"With life's follows the attempts to solve problems of men its publication. the beginning fortieth Since of year help great need, world's from above. The as successively served President and without manager has Grant

as editor. in its manmade chaos, is a Prophet's clear voice

calling the nations, in the name of the Lord, to return to paths and practices divinely approved and to willingness the nations of the a are [Prophetic JLeadershtp sanctioned—andheed and obey such call. Happy they who

'"The Lord is at the head of the Church, the recogreach out for help from divine sources.

nized organization of obedient mortal men and The history of the Church from Joseph Smith to women through which the purposes of the plan of Heber J. Grant is proof of the value to men of

salvation are accomplished. The earthly Leader of prophetic leadership. In the light of subsequent

this organization or Church becomes God's repreevents it may be seen that those who have followed sentative on earth. Through this man the Lord the counsels of the succession of Church presidents,

directs the operation of the intelligent plan or purfaithfully and steadily, have found both material pose for which men have come on earth. He beand spiritual prosperity. Happiness has been theirs!

comes the living Prophet. It is an office that none How much better off our own generation would

may seek. It comes as a call from God. be had the counsel to keep out of debt or to supThis unique personality among men holds the port liquor prohibition been obeyed! Lives are

keys of the Kingdom of God. He possesses the being worn out under the burden of debt, and the

power of the Priesthood as far as committed to rise of accident and crime parallels the legalized earth. He is the revelator to the Church; the consumption of alcohol. Wise Latterday Saints

spokesman for God. He was designated by revewill listen intently for the guiding voice of the

lation on the day when the Church was organized, living Prophet, and earnestly seek to put his coun- "a seer, a translator, a prophet, an apostle of Jesus sels into practice. Then we may be assured of

Christ, an elder to the Church, through the will success in every realm of life—-and it cannot be

of Go</."Through him alone may divine comfound in any other manner.

mandments for the Church be given or received. We are grateful for our inspired Leader!

The President of the Church is a mortal man. Therefore, when he speaks about the ordinary—/. A. W.

affairs of the day he is but a man, though a wise direction, advice, delivers he one. When and PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH'S instruction to the speaks as Church, he a Prophet,

inspired, directed, and upheld by the Lord whose LAST MESSAGE earthly mouthpiece he is. The Lord has declared "Dishop David A. Smith, son of the late President

that He will give him "sufficient strength"to per- *-* Joseph F. Smith, wrote the following remarkable

form his duties; and further that the "Tceys of the death:statement November 19, 1918, the day of his father's

mysteries of the Kingdom"shall never be taken "President Grant came into the Beehive House from him if he remain faithful. The leadership of yesterday afternoon to inquire as to father's condition,

the living Prophet is official before the God of and I suggested that he go in and speak to him, but he said did I said, he not to disturb him. want would 'You heaven, and must be so accepted by all true Latterbetter wait see him, and last chance be your as it may day Saints. to him.'to speak

The possession of a Leader who may speak in "Father being awake, I told him that Brother Grant the name of the Lord is a logical necessity in the was there, and he directed me to tell Brother Grant that

Church which frankly rests its claims upon the he wanted to see him, and when Brother Grant entered said: the took he room hand and him by principle revelation. of continuous of the The volume "bless 'The you; you, Lord the boy, Lord bless my

is scripture never full. of old New applications responsibility. great a have you rememAlways

truth are ever needed. Latterday Saints cannot ber that this is the Lord's work, and not man's. The

hesitate to accept this doctrine and the implications Lord is greater than any man. He knows whom He

of faith and practice that follow. Those who with wantstake. toTheleadLordHisblessChurch,you.'and never makes any mishalf-shut eyes see only the human side of the "This was the last message that President Smith

Leader of the Church, and sometimes "seek occadelivered to anyone."

sion"against him, should remember two things: (Signed) DAVID A. SMITH.

that those who do not forgive their brethren become

of Loyalty and DevotionA Pledge from the Auxiliary Organizations

auxiliary of the first organizations of the of the unit one organized F. Wells. by JuniusEach on, that his interest in it has never day From in a President has Church Heber J. Grant

friend and advocate of undeviating fidelity. lagged nor his zeal abated. Recognizing, as he

In his allegiance there is no wavering. Throughout always has done, that full fruition of its purpose

his long life he has had a large part in the determican be realized only by the joint endeavor of nation of their purposes, the shaping of their polthe young men and the young women together, icies, and the fostering of their achievements. He he has known no distinction in his fealty behas given them much. On the other hand he tween the Young Women's Mutual Improvehumbly acknowledges his neverending obligation ment Association and that of the Young Men's. To

to them for the priceless benefits they have yielded him they together constitute the Mutual Improveto him. ment Association. He has a penetrating underAlmost, it might be said, he grew up in the standing of the legitimate field of its endeavors, its

Relief Society over which his mother presided for objectives, and purposes. From the days of his

over thirty years, beginning in his early childhood. young manhood he has brought his great powers

in to bear ardent of the accomplishment them. So of his noble the works eyes he saw ownWith

his desires in this behalf that bewere he once quietly effectively forward carriedcharity so so and by the illustrious company of women who comsought the Lord to call him to the General Superprised that organization. He saw the exhibition of intendency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church. The callfaith, and the sacrifices of those devoted mothers.

feeling the pained been by came. He had all heart big with filial promptly the adoration of aWith

fulfilling its that the organization destiny. not was Society. cherishes the Relieflove he

From childhood up he was a member of the These are the things he wanted to accomplish:

Sunday School, and for more than a quarter of a To give the Mutuals a magazine of their own;

century a member of the Deseret Sunday School to constitute a General Board of adequate memUnion General Board. To be a member of it was bership and quality; weekly board meetings that

to be intensely active in its affairs. (Indeed, acproper attention might be given to the welfare of

tivity is a predominant characteristic of President members.

Grant. It follows as a corollary that if he had a He succeeded to an astonishing degree. Within

position he was active in it. ) In tones that reveal a few weeks The Improvement Era was brought

the depth of his emotion he tells how an underinto being with Heber J. Grant as its General

standing Sunday School superintendent saved him Manager. In that capacity or as its Editorin-

from a mistake that might have blighted his life. Chief he has helped direct its destinies from that

The spirited boy, wounded in his feelings by someday to this.

thing that had been done, was going away resolved And, now, President Grant, for your impartial never to return. George Goddard, that prince of interest in all of them; your charitable tolerance of

Sunday School workers, followed the angered their mistakes, your freely and cheerfully given lad, put fatherly arms about him, and led him back. help, advice, and counsel; for the inspiration of

The understanding of what that act meant to him your unshakable faith; for the contagion of your

and the effect of it in the shaping of his life's course enthusiasm; for your generosity and friendliness,

has made him a devout champion of the Sunday the members of the Auxiliary organizations of the

School cause. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in all

the world, speaking through their General Officers,

Always solicitous for the welfare of little chilbring you in birthday greeting this meed of praise, dren, the President has delighted in the work done and, as the gift which they believe would be cherfor them by the Primary Association. His naturally ished by you above all other gifts, they bring their

generous impulses have been so touched by the pledge of loyalty and devotion to the cause you noble service rendered by that organization to represent, and to the work you have committed to crippled children that their pleas for help have their hands.

never been left unsatisfied. Above all else in life

he desires to see children so nurtured in their The Presidency and General Board of the spiritual beings during their tender years that they National Women's Relief Society.

will be guided throughout life in the ways of The Superintendency and General Board of eternal salvation. His blessings have always folthe Deseret Sunday School Union.

lowed the sisters of the Primary in their work of The Superintendency and General Board love and devotion. of the Y. M. M. I. A.

The Presidency and General Board of the

President Grnt was present at the inception of Y. W. M. I. A.

the voung Men's Mutual Improvement AssoThe Presidency and General Board of the ciation. He was a member of the ward presidency Primary Association.

The mission president IN EUROPE Some reflections on an eventful administration overseas

FROM 1904 TO 1906

By R. EUGENE ALLEN

spiring, lovable, and full of the spirit of the Lord; they were not the

least bit mandatory, and they inspired me with the feeling that I was going out to do my part under a leader who was divinely appointed, and who would always be kind and loving in my times of disappointment and pleased with my accomplishments.

After spending about five months

HOMENO. 10ANDHOLLYHEADQUARTERSROAD, LIVERPOOL,OF THE MISSIONBRITISH our assignments to various districts

AND EUROPEAN MISSIONS DURING PRESIDENT were over, we all met in the meetingGRANT'S ADMINISTRATION IN EUROPE. room, used also by the Liverpool

instrucreceived our and WAS a warmish gray day early Branch, tions for about the work we wereIT in June, 1905, when a group of undertake. to

10 Holly Elders trekked into No.

I had met President Grant at Liverpool, after an uneventRoad, ful but pleasant voyage on the home from time to time since boyhim. admired had had hood and He Star Liner 5. 5. Arabia.White

inspiration me, to an been always greeted President Grant us warmin as him but a new now, I saw ly, as to the preliminaries and when light, the greatness of the man as

DURHAM HOUSE, 295 EDGE LANE, LIVERhe served in his calling as mission

POOL, WHICH PRESIDENT GRANT PURCHASED president and Apostle, became forFOR HIS SUCCESSOR, CHARLES W. PENROSE,

TO SERVE AS A MISSION HOME AND EUROPEAN cibly apparent.

HEADQUARTERS FOR THE CHURCH WHICH IT His instructions were brief, inTO 1931.DID FROM 1906

HEBER J. GRANT, TAKEN IN DENMARK.

in the field, President Grant called me into the European Mission office to take the place of Brother Alfa

Higgs, who was being released to go home on account of the death of his brother.

It was there at the mission headquarters that I came to know and appreciate him more than ever. He

was a veritable dynamo of enthusiasm for placing the Gospel before the people. The amount of literature

distributed during his administration had never before been equalled. It

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

was turned out of the Millennial

Star office by the tons. The statistics of this distribution alone

would make a lengthy article.

In the administration of the financial affairs of the European Mission, 'he impressed me with a keen sense of economy without the least indication of stinginess.

Throughout England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Holland, Germany,

Belgium, France, Switzerland, Austria, and the Scandinavian countries his coming was always heralded with great joy by the Saints and Elders. He always took with him some

of our fine musicians and singers, and at these meetings, seemed at his best and gave to his listeners the true message of the Lord.

At the mission home he was happy with the song of the Gospel always in his heart. He was playful in our

hours of recreation, and most loving and kind to his family, Sister Emily, his wife, his daughters Deseret.

Grace, Emily, and Frances.

It is now nearly thirty years since

President Charles W. Penrose came

to relieve President Heber J. Grant

as President of the European Missions, but to me, it seems, even with the great responsibilities he has carried as President of the Church, the years have borne lightly on our beloved, inspiring, and capable

Prophet of the Lord.

Of his European Mission experience President Grant has said:

When in Japan, feeling that I was not accomplishing anything, I went out into the woods and got down on my knees and told the Lord that whenever He was through with me there, where I was doing nothing, I would be very glad and thankful if He would call me home and send me to Europe to preside over the

European missions. A few days after that

a cable arrived: "Come home on the first

boat."And I went home.

Brother Joseph F. Smith said to me:

"Heber, I realize you have not accomplished anything in Japan. We sent you there

for three years, and I want you to put in the other year in England, if you are willing."

I said, "I am perfectly willing."

Later I went in to bid him goodbye and said: "I will see you in a little over a

year."He said, "Oh no, I have decided to make it a year and a half."

I said, "All right, multiply it by two, and do not say anything about it to me."

And he did.

I want you young people to know that in all my labors I got nearer to the Lord, and accomplished more, and had more joy while in the mission field than ever before or since. "Men are that they may have joy"

and the joy that I had in the mission field was superior to any I have ever experienced elsewhere. Get it into your hearts, young

people, to to prepare yourselves go out TOP: PRESIDENT'S IN ITALY. THE PARTY CENTER: IN PRESIDENT'S THE PARTY GERMANY. into the get world where your can on you ISLINGTON, BOTTOM: LIVERPOOL, 42 IN HEADQUARTERS OF THE EUROPE, CHURCH FOR MANY to nearer the knees than and Lord draw DECADES. THIS OFFICE, RICH THROUGH HISTORY, IN CHURCH PASSAGE WAS ARRANGED

in labor. other any BRITISH OF LOYAL FOR THOUSANDS AND OTHER EUROPEAN OF MEMBERS CHURCH. THE

President Grant

if ever there has been a prophet DEFENDER his raised has warningIf who voice often greater OF THE more to a part of the world's population than

President Heber J. Grant, whose life

spans all the historic development of thewest River, Missouri his name WORD OFhas not been or recorded in sacred profane history. If ever a people,

a state, a nation, and much of thecivilized world has been sufficiently WISDOM and forcibly warned in regard to the matter of the Word of Wisdom, it has been the people of our Church,the state of Utah, the nation, and CHAMPION world of today. Early and late,

in season for OF and out of season, nearly threescore years, PresidentGrant has stood like an Isaiah or PROHIBITION a Jeremiah and sounded the warning in the ears of men, giving to them in direct, his plain, forceful and manner given has what to him and By JAMES H. WALLIS God

his people through the Prophet Joseph Smith, the positive statement For nearly threescore years, early and late, in season and the sure knowledge that the and out. President Grant has sounded the warning that

things forbidden in the Word of the Word of Wisdom must be observed or men must pay

Wisdom are harmful and injurious the price in loss of money, health and spiritual strength.

to the human body and therefore should not be indulged.

general in the of run people The "I feel as the with promises guidance, our language and has humble beyond made any littleworld the of harmful knew of in to to result express it, the same. efwhich of obedience has endowed One God me

fects of tea, coffee, tobacco, and standing here before you this morning, octhese was the Word of Wisdom, through liquor sixty years ago when our vencupying the position in which you have just obedience to which some of the greatest of erable leader began to preach by tovotedobserveto sustainthe Wordme....of Wisdom/ will askanyno moreman adaptedblessings towouldthe weakestaccrue.capacity,This lawyet somewas

word and example against these closely than I will observe it...."of the strongest violate it."

things; but if they have listened to

later, years April at the Twelvehis voice, his writings, read seen and fiftydeclaration That was made this conference, reiterated 1931, hethe set, perfect the he example has all the three ago, years through and the it to statement reading same byhealth strength vigor of and and years, President succeeding Grant mind he enjoys today, they should conference, and then declared: has been faithful and consistent to

know a great deal about these things, "I can honestly and conscientiously say his pledge and to every promise

I this large to that assembly, have day by their physical theand effect upon his allegiance to the made affirming day, year, month, year and month by by spite of allsystem But in of man. His challenge, of Wisdom. I lived to at Word that pledge which up made

the knowledge that has been disthat time.""/ will ask no man to observe the

seminated, to the world still appears closely any more Word of Wisdom Thirtyseven years before making effects to the harmfulpay little heed is I will as effective than observe it,"of these things, especially tobacco this declaration, President Grant today as it was when uttered.

and liquor, evils which are sapping had been called by revelation, given the physical, moral, and spiritual to President John Taylor, October strength of the nations. 16, 1882, to fill a vacancy in the VS7hen President Grant was a boy

On June 1, 1919, standing before Quorum of the Apostles. At the he was sickly and frail, and

one of the largest congregations of opening session of the October conresorted to many means to build up the Church ever assembled, the ocference following, he expressed himhis strength. He was a strict obcasion being the sustaining of Heber self regarding his new calling and server of the Word of Wisdom and

J. Grant to succeed Joseph F. Smith, in the course of his remarks said: had been ail his life.

as Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and "No one who understood 'Mormonism'His sainted mother had taught it for of the forms ever exchange would any of ofPresident the Jesus him early promises of the the Church Lord faith in world. prevalent the But

in in Saints of Latterday revelation,Christ that in contained he and it, it is to to all oforder necessary understand the world, President Grant said: live it. God has laid down certain laws for believed her implicitly, and grew up

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

with great faith in its observance. "Those who are not keeping the Word of "I believe beyond the shadow of a doubt

will 'sick get that they say that and are there of Wisdom hundreds and thousands to attribute ever ready has beenHe tired'talks. of will hearing get such Saints, Latterday They for obeying the who but

strictlyhis to keeping strong body I long breath."as of the of it from as have me not be here Wisdom, would Word

the Word of Wisdom and has never today. When they have been attacked by

diseases serious and have been in a critical to this,failed, from that day years before 1 880, two to bear Tn October condition physically, that having obeyed its efficacy. of testimony stronga called fulfilled being Apostle, Preslaw, having as an an irrevocable law

He has never hesitated to plead with ident Grant had been appointed to God, he was bound to bestow the promisedof blessings, it, of and they have come to the afSaints to observethe knowing Francis succeed Elder M. Lyman flicted ones."resultits blessings, with the someas President Stake. of the Tooele

times that some have been known to They had been very close associates Possibly the strongest testimony resent it. all their lives, and President Grant President Grant ever gave of his

On one occasion, not very long publicly stated in the April conferstrong faith in the Word of Wisafter he was ordained an Apostle, in ence, 1917, that no man ever made dom was when relating his recovery a general conference discourse, he such a strong impression upon him from his serious operation some referred to this as follows: to live the Word of Wisdom as years ago, when, to all human apPresident Lyman did. He said: pearances, recovery seemed imposser- to meeting and hear we go "When sible. We give it in his own words express "I can remember, as a boy, that I always sometimes hearmons, men we will

tried to tired''sick seat of get the twothirds of a about as beingthemselves and "I leave I testimony that with my you this to tabernacle. back, the coming ofhearing about when Wisdom. They way Word I firmly believe as as in believe anything

I it. I aisle, sat the can not always on andare keep those rememThose do who who this I that not world standing here be would

returned President to hear from ber rejoice the of whenkeep Lyman Wisdom Word if I talking to today not you had obeyed

I first reit. his his missions. to second and promises canabout makes always God the of Wisdom. appendix Word When my listening the his to burning of to certain laws. words obedience memberus upon We it removed was had broken blood and

I rethe else these laws, of cannot Gospel; can knowledgemust keep remember we in said, poisoning, so they the third last and

is, therefore, blessings. the hisceive of the blame preaching upon Wisdom, The Word in. stage, set had nine There docwere

I testify that thenot but our strong impression God's own. as upon and making an tors I present eight die. and said to had

If faithful. true of are the to ofpromises live to heart and continue God Word my chief in the surgeon hospital The Catholic

I duties, the I receive will to. listened discharge our as ever we Wisdom, any manwe to turned President F. Joseph Smith and

listen to the promised. said Latterthatrewards Those can he a remember who when said: 'Mr. Smith, need think not of you them, notrequirements Saint to the and do of upon love made ought day work God possibility such or probability this a that as

tired'of tea, 'sick them, coffee, are than always or of ofdo and a cup cup a more if live. shall it he live man should Why, the again. thing liquor;hearing drink over over of and of tobacco, same or or a a chew miracle, this is a would be and the not day

I dull are to that them. blame that not revealed doAnd They had when man God... miracles.'of

scholars, and God must look upon them as this was his work, any convert ought to such, because they have heard a great deal show gratitude enough to leave alone those "The day I was leaving the hospital, 1 and done a very little."things which God has said were not good said to the nurse, 'I have no desire to meet

for man."the eight doctors who said I would die, but

like to the ninth, I would meet the one who failed President has never Grant live. I I would he asked came When ten said conference the October At theto that people impress upon he him disagreed had others, the with why ago, in the course of his adsmiled (he he and a southerner), was of years and they disregard thewhen Word

dress, to referred President Grant said: 'Mistah just Grant, ah chance, took a it because been not hadWisdom,

suh! felt pulse, have the suh, of thouAh the extensive missionary the work thatgiven they as a commandment, patients, sands of in being doctor, a house could accomplished have Church "will the Lord."rejected the of hospitals, felt many, but many a ah never that the with spent been had money like just pulse yours, suh. do youSaid he: Why,

by people in purchasing those things know, suh, in all of the tests that I made "The Lord says the Word of Wisdom forbidden in the Word of Wisdom. during an hour and three quarters that you

the knife, under were heart your nevahis to greeting; not be commandby said: He

single, missed solitary one beat, ah and "That or say:ment constraint—somesent

that that mind made heart up would myis the peopleit—"not around comby way inspiration can, the under of the man "No pull through.'you or as canmandment do the Saints, the hearts or we Lord, of warm I constraint"—weget "

please.* benefit the of the world, proclaimpeople I by lived not the "Had of Wisdom, Word

"But what else does it say? It says 'by ing the Word of Wisdom, who does not all my life, had my blood not been pure,

revelation and the word of wisdom, showobey it himself. But the man who obeys I am convinced beyond the shadow of aing forth—'What? 'Showing forth the order the Word of Wisdom can touch the hearts doubt that I would not have been entitled

and the will of God.'I say to such people, of the Latterday Saints in proclaiming that to that wonderful promise contained in the

you do not want to know the will of God, wonderful revelation that the Lord has given Word of Wisdom, that those who obey this do you? I think one of the weakest excuses to us for our health and our benefit, and Word of Wisdom shall be blessed, and that I ever heard of in my life is that one—'not above all that has been given to us with the destroying angel shall pass them by as

by commandment or constraint'—when, be- a promise attached thereto. he did the children of Israel and not slay

fore the verse ends, it tells you that it is "And let me say right here that I am them. I am convinced that my heart would

the will of God, 'in the temporal salvation convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt not have had pure blood, had I not fulof all saints in the last days.'that if the Latterday Saints had observed filled the law, and I would not be standing

I here before today. you give to the if Lord the the and of Wisdom, money Word tocondition nation awful an "The

credit the the glory, it is for and tea, Almighty that than for has been worse wasted financially. revelationday, us a gave is Godin

I that by His power today."coffee, am here utilized tobacco, and liquor, had beenfor people, the the salvation of temporal

and if millions and billions of dollars of for missionary service, we would have had millions the dollars for of the the of work for not things the were expendedmoney living are \X7e the in a day when that has for that Lord been expended which for are not sayswhich man, good God air is very is saturated the for Almighty says not Lord we breathe good health, ofpeace, prosperity, vigor and body of mind would be enjoyed by all the people man. with tobacco smoke coming from

these ofof States. to United promise "There or is no you The made Word to the of countless mouths men, womis of that for the salvation the Saint deor to God's plan Latterday any meWisdom en, girls, boys. and the people And temporarily, stroying said so. peoplethe that angel us shall pass by, has and or he

He has said that it is his will, and if we we shall have hidden treasures of knowlare literally waddling in a flood of lived up to the will of God, and there were edge, unless we obey the Word of Wisdom, liquor, which is carrying them on to tea, coffee, all in the or liquor for tobacco other usedno above and the ways men way sure but slow destrucdecay and their prosperity peace, toworld, teach children happiness nethe and and women tion. doubts If any the one need of this to cessity is to nation the of obeyingwould the whole come and Word of Wisdom

world. by obeying it themselves. a prophetic and warning voice in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

these times against these evils, he heart nearly broke when Utah, his not make any difference to any true Latteris not reading aright the signs of the own beloved state, the place of his izeday thoseSaint.thingsNo Latterdaywhen the SaintLord willhas patrontold us

times. At no time in the past has birth, the home of his people, the it is His will that we let them alone. If

there been greater need for a prophet place selected by prophets before our people are going to take license to folto lift up his voice, and this President him, the state where he had grown low after the things of the world and the

Grant has done in all sincerity and to manhood, and achieved so grandpeoplethat the ofGospelthe world,of JesusandChristdo teachesthose thingsthem faith, and has sounded it from the ly, cast the deciding vote in favor of not to do, they are not living up to their housetops. the national repeal. He declared: religion. So, really, the repeal of the

will no difmake Amendment i Eighteenth occasion President one Grant, on ference to whatsoever Latterday a true are prohibition, for fundamentally "We large audience told his long ago, not Saint here and promise you right and now, let me that the Church and its leaders were that if you vote for the repeal of the "On the other hand, I believe honestly will Eighteenth there Amendment, be a fashold being criticized as the that being in conscientiously ought and we great professing more Latterday many faithful, diligent, to future be more more said: ioned. He Saints will there drunkards than be who in past of us the more who energetic—those the while Eighteenth been have Amendment the Lord, kept have of the commandments fashioned,''old and called being are "We force. in has been past, in for fear of than the have been we will not straight because are too told we we I the postal received card a way, "By temptations the to that our are coming it that of drinking beer the now sanction it ( the did sent courthe not man have who set people, to sure be examples young and will legalized. approve never been has We to sign his to age not me their will that before name)—asking of them worthy be will right on beer. go drinking the of We talk this the at of on conWisdom Word is imitation, finest the example because way let telling to people the straight and being I ference. request Lattereach every and all in to the notice preach world. Children feelings of the despite some memalone beer the to Saint within of voice sound day my friends, their their of parents, the example drinking the that should condone bers we I the read said of about what WisWord their teachers. in occasion, and one Upon... it. time a never of when There was just six that ago. months dom Every word of counties, the southern one some when stress to oburge and the needed Church I I I said meant, things other and among missionaries at brother's stopping were a the of more of servance Wisdom Word I said prayed that and hoped peoas a we little child prayers, they and had a home I will time today. and come than The for ple not the vote the of would repeal said: "Papa, pray, unnever we, do we it, like and to see when women men would Eighteenth Amendment."... less have company?"we of living the not are Wisdom Wordwho

in responsibility positions of hold cannot the of history in the "Never have Church later, fight Sixty the days when 'Folsay, cannot they this because Church, the so today needed as do much we we repeal against over, the this was and to able me.'should say be They low of nation ever Wisdom. can Word No

associate as they with one to every whom people rejected the this of counsels prosper, nation had exception, that being no officers of the Church."the Prophet of the Lord, President undertakes to pay part of its obligation and

to build the nation licensing sale the up by in publicly declared Grant the liquor millarge of to in allowing preprohibition people and the days make When tabernacle: it. lions millions dollars of selling upon by state the nation walthe were and

I felt life humiliated in never so have my disin the liquor of mire thelowing that present anything state over as the of "I feel the Utah charity at to have pensing system given us, by way of time for the Latterday Saints who have voted for the repeal of prohibition. I do

the old saloon, President Grant's voted for the repeal of the Eighteenth not want to dictate to any man. But when

tells the that gives revelation Lord fact a and the notwithstanding Amendment, mevoice out against speaking heard was financial is for benefit what well, coming and the they without very my knew my to the of the state oneit from end it,'financial that benefit of this people, 'of saying, because out and do T want you to other; also in other states and even I would have been mighty happy if they evils and designs which do and will exist

reaching into foreign countries had voted the other way. I lived in hopes, in the hearts of conspiring men in the last

where missions of the Church are alland otherI announcedstates inmyselfthe Unionin public,went that'wet,'if days,'day SaintsI do shouldthink thatlistenattoleastwhatthetheLatterLord established. He was uncompromisUtah would go 'dry.'has said....

to friends come of begged "Some me liquor againstingly every my from I "I say, feel again could help not but individually, to the out appeal people and local optionstandpoint. In the camthe Saints Latterday knew when to humiliated Saint to Latterday ask each every and well that as that they as they lived knew out, his rang voice again andpaign to vote maintain Eighteenth the Amendto true to the I wanted remain them Word himself a ment. proved more heonce of for not the of and vote repeal Wisdom "I the Gospel that lived believe have men against enentrenched thepower prohibition."

it, I of just lived well ever as as have many battle great to theemy. When rein for conscientious them, voting were

constituthe nation it if dry just bymake peal. did other hand, the they On President to continues Grant

politics, course, well, of out on,tional he amendment came for the right, I stand stands today and like politics the are was felt—alwaysmerely ofhave—that battle the in forefront of theagain

is as evils measles: against not bad measles a the very of liquor The much

as an able advocate for the necessary disease, if you will take a little sassafras and tobacco as ever. His fight will

surface; all tea but the Constitution, in them when keep doing and on thechange until not cease silenced the he is by it I turns in, sets the understand, measles proofin for the cause his power his life's closing of work. is one crosshide yellow your and makes He you his people;hibition. admonished He Politics eyed. the does sometimes same literally will the "speak from who

he pleaded with them, and he warnthing,—that is, in my judgment. dust"in this great cause, because the

the rejoiced I them, feel he harshness.ed and don't when "But any his influence of words power and the English, plain in annoyed, whenI did goodfight then even he feel But won. was his will of the grave survive example fit cabinet the of of the one members saw his give kept up, with not butdid on to the States of the President quote United will to thus continue plead and he

of thefight for the observance Word I lot as to wet. wanting a Utah go had his refrain the to people of with from

I of printed, copies speeches, was whichof Wisdom. evils are bringing peowhich down I to going people. to the out send announced

in that the time came men When ple graves. nations to untimely and that copies should wanted anybody who

high places, together with mass hyswrite for them. Finally I decided not to

till election. It after send them annoyedteria, of repeal the demanded age, to the of four score Prophet, years

for to cabinet the of underHail one members me heEighteenth Amendment, was state's is inscribed the on name Whose to dictate President, take behalf of the on again to the front and used all his to the people of Utah to vote wet. I deev'ry page:

still to until election, cided after influence keep and persuasion and andpower is honored and and famed at home Who

I so. to glad don't done have want I am repeal.against he Again admonabroad; offend disagrees me. with any man who his people,ished warned them is and to to true to his valiant people and I Who grateful the "But very that indeed am

pleaded with them. And his great repeal of the Eighteenth Amendment will God.

THOUSAND YEARS A OF ANCESTRY

By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT Secretary and Librarian of the Genealogical Society of Utah

Everyone knows he is descended from numerous progenitors whose lineage traces back into the remote past. But who they are,

and the enthralling story of their lives, is too often, for the most of us, shrouded in complete mystery.

How interesting it would be to have absolute knowledge of our pedigree back for a thousand years, and to be able to point with scientific precision to persons living in the year 936 A. D. as our own actual ancestors who made our life on earth

possible ELO'V<t K SMSTH This can be done in the pedigree of President Heber J. Grant. For From Charlemagne to the Quakers, from Malcolm

many years he has been enthusiastic of Scotland to the Puritans, and from the first Dukes and thorough in the search for his of Normandy to the earliest Americans come the lines ancestors, and has kept experienced of ancestry that make up the physical inheritance of genealogists regularly employed in Heber J. Grant.

seeking out and verifying his many lineal connections on both paternal President, and to identify the nationtinguished houses of that country.

and maternal sides. The results are alities and families so remarkably Becoming converts to Quaker tenets,

on file in the Church Genealogical blended to compose his physical intheir home became a headquarters

Archive. It requires one whole volheritance. for Quaker preachers, and George

ume for the 161 pages of his pedigree They were all Americanborn for Fox, founder of the Society of chart. By actual count he is linked a number of generations back from Friends, tells in his journal of meetup with 1,621 known progenitors. President Grant. The Grants are ings he held in their home. Thomas

Wherever obtainable, family group of the Stonington, Connecticut, French, 5th greatgrandfather of records have been made out for each family. His mother, Rachel RidgePresident Grant, was born in 1639;

couple, and these records giving the way Ivins, traces back to a group of was imprisoned for his faith in 1657, innames of all the children in each noble Quaker families of New Jerfor fortytwo months; and again

group fill six volumes, containing sey, including those of Shreve, 1662 and 1666. The mother of

records of 6,398 families. Ridgeway, Wright, Thorne, MurPresident Grant's father was

rell, and Ellis. One line follows back Athalia Howard, and her mother

A Panorama of Ancestry to William Bate, a Quaker of Irewas Elizabeth Davies, daughter of land; another to Diedrick Areson of the famous preacher, Rev. John

Py the aid of these charts and Holland. The Stacyes were an Davies. He was of Welsh descent,

records it is quite possible to ancient and influential family in and his pedigree is printed carrying obtain a panoramic view of the Yorkshire, coming of a pedigree his male line back into the remote diversified lineage of our revered linking them 'with many of the dispast among the kings and princes of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

Wales. Richard Dana, another proWilliam Billings, whose daughter Princes"preserved among the angenitor, came from Sicily. Mercy became the mother of Beriah cient records, carries his ancestry

Grant, 3rd greatgrandfather of back twentyfive generations to Beli

Nobles and Commoners President Grant. the Great, King of all Britain shortly

after Christian the of the opening lines different not the of have"NTost of and Rulers Normandy era. of Cynfin, son Bleddyn ap the followed yet beyond been England Cynfin Angharad, and was Queen

to America. ancestorimmigrant Of

in in for times the character eminent Beriah, of grandson Grant, derivthat those continue,the ones Joshua lived. in slain he which was He direct a Morgan, married sturdy yeoMarying staunch and from

battle in 1072. of the unusual Each Rollo, a or Rolf Norof descendant traceable not usually are stockman in for this line stands names Welsh prince, from banished who, wegian century. sixteenth thebeyond real lived a person often and who coasts country, the his ravaged of families own connect withOthers

historic distinction imachieved and the from of wrested France and the nobility, fromgentry and and portance. territory a renamed king French the directly withpeerage merge

royal lines of practically every nation Normandy. He became the first From Charlemagne to the

of Europe. Thus from thousands Duke of Normandy. One thousand Quakers

of sources and from different nayears ago he had been dead only tions, from rich and poor, noble and four years; and his son William fNLY one of the numerous lines

peasant, the king, the soldier and Longsword ruled as the second traceable from President Grant's the page, streams of blood have Duke. During the rule of his son mother has been selected for this

coursed on down through living men and grandson, both named Richard, demonstration. Her father, Caleb

and women to concentrate eighty the power of Normandy was inIvins, was the greatgrandson of years ago in the veins of one who creased. In 1066 their successor, Isaac Ivins of Burlington County,

now stands at the head of our William the Conqueror, led a great New Jersey. Caleb's mother was

Sarah the to changed and EnglandChurch—their living representative. army and Wright there. history His son, course of Wright,families—allof the Stacye,QuakersEly,

Forefathers in 936 A. D. Henry I, married a daughter of the in England before coming to New

"et us select a few of the many royal house of Scotland. Matilda, Jersey. Sarah Wright's mother, granddaughter Thorne, Sarah was for throne the daughter, fought their President forefathers of known ancestors Pearsall, of whose Mary Stephen. against Her of England living thousand one wereGrant who in are the found England among left II, succeeded, son, Henry who England, ago. Inyears Saxon

la Harcourt, prominent de Zouche, Longspee. son, natural de William a I, the of Alfred a grandsonEdmund lines. and de Vermandois Quincy interesting pedigree been has An lad throne, to heir a theGreat, was

is Isabel descended de Vermandois this lineage verified tracing down in thirteen. 941, succeededof He royal the Charleof from houses la the to the Zouches Longspees from his in in assassinated toonly 946 be Russia, France, of magne, Germany, ancient the Counts (derived from notorious hall Leof, adining by Italy, Flanders, Denmark, Sweden, Brittany), of them from Dukes and into orderedrobber, had he whom father the and was Norway. Her to the Grosvenors, Charltons, the to Ethelgrandson,banishment. His I of son of France and Anne Henry the the Bulkeleys Welbys. and II, massacre wholesale a causedred in greatgrand- of Russia, the Kief Farwell and a married Olive Welby living reIn in England.of Danes in of born Capet, 939, son who Hugh great3rd to America. Her came inof Denmark Kingvenge Sweyn to raised merit courage and was by Morgan, granddaughter was Mary Ethelred drove and Englandvaded father, in throne 987. the His French Grant. married Joshua in who exile into throne thefrom and Paris, Great, as of the Count Hugh

Normandy. Kings of Britain and Princes wielded the real power in France in

Malcolm I was reigning in Scotof Wales the year 936. His father, Robert I,

land in 936, but not over a united had reigned only one brief year. The

kingdom. Since the days of the Joshua Grant and Mary Morgan, latter's mother was a granddaughter

Roman occupation different races of the blood of Scotland, England, of the great Charlemagne.

had warred in that land for supremNormandy, Brittany, Flanders, into a treaty enteredacy. France, Malcolm a son Joshua Grant etc., had An Honorable Parentage

of Englandwith Athalia King married Her Howard. Edmund to who

defend the northern part of Engmother, Elizabeth Davies, traces Pouring these thousand years hisland from Danish inroads. With back through twentyseven genertory has brought many changes;

the Danes his grandson Malcolm II ations to Howell the Good, king of and the ancestors of our President was in constant strife for thirty years all Wales in the year 936. He was have made much history, whether

of his reign. Malcolm II's eldest a celebrated legislator, and caused presiding over states and armies,

daughter and heir was Beatrix, the a general revision to be made of the over earldoms or counties, over local mother of that Duncan I who was ancient laws of Wales. During the courts or congregations or only their

killed by Macbeth; she was also the thirtyfive years of his reign his own families. Each generation must

mother of Maldred or Malcom who country was at peace and prospered; be judged according to the standards

married Ealdgith, granddaughter of there were no rebellions at home nor of that period. But as one reads

Ethelred II, thus uniting the lines of foreign invasions. His grandson over the intimate and authentic

Saxon Alfred and Malcolm of ScotMeredydd ap Owen had a turbulent story of their lives as it has been land. Down through the centuries reign, filled with battles and bloodrecovered and reconstructed, there

succeeding generations transmitted shed. He left one daughter Angcomes an overwhelming feeling that

this blood from one powerful and harad, whose second husband was here is an honorable parentage, a noble family to another, until it was Cynfin. His pedigree, as given in noble lineage of the best men and

brought to America by the Puritan, the "Chronicles of the Welsh women of their day.

President Grant- as "JIM THE PENMAN ACK in October, 1 92 1, during the By RICHARD L EVANS severe postwar financial crisis, it became necessary forB

President Heber J. Grant, with

others, to go to Washington, D. C.

to negotiate a ten million dollar loan with the War Finance Corporation for the benefit of the beet sugar industry of Utah and Idaho. The

business details of this loan, which was expedited by Reed Smoot and the President of the United States, the United States National Bank of Denver. States National Bank whom I had met in

are related elsewhere in this issue withI pickedsignaturesup a sheetof representativeof paper and menfilled init Washington,of signatures andI hadhewrittenshowedat methe thetimepageweunder "President Grant—The BusiUtah whom I knew, and just before our were negotiating for the ten million dollar

ness Man"; but this story deals with negotiations ended he said: "Mr. Grant, loan. I said to him: "I shall appreciate

a sheet of paper "Written by ']im what are you going to do with that paper?"it if you will have a photostatic copy made,

I said, just "I as quite I cannot these "Oh,"well write as so was now mythe at Washington, Penman'D. C., signatures I the time to pass trembles."was hand scribblingaway.—18, 1921,"as the PresidentOctober it to going into the throw said: pleas- I will basket."waste that "Yes, with do He

has recorded it in his own words: He said: "Give it to me."ure. I am invited to be one of the party

I did so. of Mr. Pyeatt's friends at luncheon today,

While we were negotiating for the loan, Some years later I was in Denver and and I will bring the copy with me."

I was sitting next to the VicePresident of called on the VicePresident of the United He referred to a luncheon to be held at the Denver Club to which we had been

WEDDING INVITATION OF WHICH PRESIinvited by Mr. Pyeatt, President of the

DENT GRANT PENNED, AS HE REMEMBERS, Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad.

MORE THAN A HUNDRED COPIES. Mr. Pyeatt requested that I make a speech

of a half hour on the financial accomplishments of the Mormon Church, and I told the story of negotiating a loan of a hundred dollars four notes of $25,000.00 on <&Z%J/ thousand w&. <. in for 12, each payable months, 18, and 24

which I agreed to secure twenty signatures out of thirty of the leading financial men of endorsers as City these notes Salt Lake on to were be Church given by the jsyCUit. (f&wi//C9?>4'?i.i'W/r.:fs) which

Christ Jesus of Saints. Latterday The y of Salt in S of manager Wells Fargo Bank 7

I to specify secured Lake the names. was

twentyfour signatures; three of the men

were out of town. One I knew so well

that I did not even ask him to endorse the notes knowing he would refuse, and two only refused.

After I had finished my talk at the

Denver Club, the VicePresident of the

United States National Bank stood up and said: "Gentlemen, I was in Washington

"s-/lylC&ri witha loanMr.ofGrantten millionwhen thedollarsgovernmentto the sugarmade

factories in Utah and Idaho, and he picked up this piece of paper and wrote these signatures on it."He passed the paper

around, and continued: "Grant could just

as well, I am sure, have had fifty signatures tys/z on the back of those notes as twentyfive."

After having this joke at my expense, he returned the sheet of signatures to me.

sheet so the of signatures the Penman"Asu?r*&V signedAnd "Jim iy 1921 in Washington, D. C,backcamein

again into President Grant's possession and is reproduced on page 702. But what is more remarkable, at

the age of eighty President Grant can still reproduce these and scores

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

of other signatures. Within the last

few days I have seen him write again these signatures just as he did in 1921. And I have heard Dr. John

A. Widtsoe, the late Dr. James E.

Talmage, and others say that they would testify anywhere that signatures written by President Grant for the amusement of his friends were their own.

But this spectacular and entertaining gift for reproducing signatures is not the most practical of

President Grant's chirographic proclivities. His fine, round Spencerian

handwriting began making money for him in his early teens, and a specimen of his penmanship that was written before he was seventeen years of age later won a diploma for him at the Fair of the Territory of

Utah in competition with four professors of penmanship.

He wrote greeting cards, wedding invitations, insurance policies, stock certificates, and legal documents.

A copy of a wedding invitation of which he wrote, as he remembers, more than a hundred copies in 1 877, is reproduced herewith. Says President Grant:

I once made twenty dollars on New

Year's day by writing forty dozen cards with 'Happy New Year'and the man's name written in the corner. The next

New Year's day I made $37.50 in five

hours. I wrote on fifty dozen cards the

words 'Happy New Year'and sold them all, and had to write more.

When the President was working

WRITTEN MEN OF WELLKNOWN SIGNATURES that said in laughed charge and The insurance clerk man in the policyas a WASHIN 1921 AT BY PRESIDENT GRANT insurance agent would but a cheeky nobody (see D. C. INGTON, page 701) Company,office of R. H. 8 Mann

the gen- a remark. handed such make He three offeredstill teens, in his he was fee dollars, the three tleman which was

times his salary to go to San Frannecessary to compete for a diploma, sent the left hand. He took the pen and showed

letters the that the for formed were me for the written behe which had specimen became as acisco penman. He later right rapid as be could not hand one and it the fore with seventeen, he up hung was Bookof and PenmanshipProfessor legible lefthanded. as writer or wrote a who "If penjudges remark, good your know of Deseret at University the to tokeeping I wasn't anxious but very change it I the will get they see manship when

right I did learned with him and my of University(later the the please with Utah). diploma."walked away He

I feel hand. he glad because as now I am for in the Terribest diploma penmanship of him: writes D. PyperGeorge

it does that write with to better is much the art of pengood encouraged tory. He

One of my early recollections of Presmanship among the youth of Zion and has the right hand.

ident Grant visions him jackknifed around offered many prizes to aid in the laudable I remember how he disliked the change a little table in James Dwyer's Book Store, art of chirography. that was made in the writing of the chilon upper Main Street, Salt Lake City, dren from slant to vertical writing, when

engaged in writing Christmas and New Concerning her father's penmanthat system was introduced into our schools.

Year cards at fifty cents per dozen. I ship activities, President Grant's And his dislike was vindicated a few years

of purchaser a couple happywas the beautifully penned of these of daughter, Lucy, writes: writinglater whenand wentthe schoolsback toabandonedthe slant. vertical Newdozen

Year's calling cards. Father is a fine penman. When we were

Later he was a teacher of penmanship young he used to make all sorts of scrolls President Grant has repeatedly us. lettering spefor University the Deseret fancy at and were bookkeepingand We said that never kills hard anywork

cially his just birds; it First few of a with fond corner of at the located waswhen

recalls one. times innumerable He lovethe Salt Streets, strokes Lake of the could he pen draw and SecondNorth West

City. I was a student and recall his going liest birds, large birds and small birds, when he has plied his pen until after

from seat to seat inspecting the work of birds alone and birds in flocks. I remember midnight, only to rise again before

I friends style pupils. pride withthe to show used Spencerian His became what my his six in the to continue morning

for the of and father birds were paper reams and had drawn me model manymy writing regular business before father quite favored his before me. to have thought aused I was copy up with

At one of the Territorial Fairs at which who was so talented. hours. This man's career as "Jim

he had not competed he noticed the exHe was eager to have us all learn to the Penman"has been entertaining well. lefthanded learned rewrite and I was hibits professional four of penmen. He useful to himself and and his friends.

in writing. to that to use used the the hand of to Art in charge He marked man long in the a champion been He has I writing that at better look and say to that write than me he could Department my

that before he was seventeen years of age. would never become a good writer if I used cause of good penmanship.

REPRINTED FROM THE RELIEF SOCIETY MAGAZINE VOL. XXIII NOVEMBER, 1936 NO. 11

MY HUSBAND By Augusta Winters Grant

Fiftytwo years I have spent to both our city and canyon homes, eye as he replied: "You haven't

with my husband. In that time but dislike intensely any formality. one."

we have shared sorrows and We have great satisfaction in going As a Latterday Saint wife I honor joys; have known hope and disapto the Temple together. my husband as a man holding the

pointment, but disillusionment in priesthood. It is my firm conviction

each other, never! Our love and re- ["appreciate the consideration and that if the women of our Church

spect have increased with the years. generosity which have always would rely unfalteringly upon the

Now at eighty we enjoy life to the been shown me by my husband, but inspiration of their husbands, in all fullest. We echo in our hearts hesitate to draw aside the veil of our important matters concerning their

Browning's verse: intimacy, except to say that no womfamily affairs, they would find that

an could have had a better husband their husbands would grow in the"Grow old along with me!

The best is yet to be than mine has been to me. power of discernment and decision

The last of life for which the first was One amusing little incident will ilthrough the exercise of their priestmade: lustrate his kindly nature. Partly in hood.

in his are hands Our times I fun, in earnest, partly better suggested husband know I, who my

I saith, whole 'A Who I else possibly that can, anyone planned, one tell him day and he me than know half but shows Youth

Trust God, see all, nor be afraid!'any little oddities that might annoy him to be a man of God, that he deeach other. I mentioned one or two sires to understand the mind and

We have many tastes in common of his slight idiosyncrasies, and then will of God, and in humility to do it.

—we love people, simple amusesaid, "Now you tell me some of my I therefore not only uphold him as

ments, travel, reading, music, art; little frailties."head of my household, but head of

we enjoy having our friends come There was a slight twinkle in his the Church.

AN APPRECIATION

By Dessie Grant Boyle Onelectionsof myisveryof myearliestfifth birthrecol- shevel lovedthat shehomeeverand enduredfamily, I beingmartwomy parents.greatest areFathermy testimonyhas been andthe

day. My mother put a new away. strongest influence in my life, first

dress on me, made my curls and tied I think there were three things through my mother, who kept him them with a new blue ribbon, sat me that made it possible for her to be ever before us when we were young, on her lap and said, "Now you are cheerful and reasonably happy. and later through my intimate asgetting to be such a big girl that I They were, her great faith that sociations with him.

am going to tell you a great secret."everything would work out for the The fact that we lived away and

After explaining what a secret is best and that she was doing right; seldom saw father leaves me with no

she told me my real name was not her keen sense of humor that made childish remembrance of him. He

"Pattie Harris,"but Dessie Grant, her an optimist and able to laugh at never played or romped with us, or and that "Uncle Eli"was my father. the inevitable; and greatest of all, told us stories, or carried us on his

I am father's fifth daughter and her love for, and confidence in faback to bed. Mother did these

the oldest child of my mother—Emther. She knew that he did everythings. But he was nevertheless an

ily Wells. I was born after father thing he could to make her life as influence in our lives from our earwas made an apostle and during the easy as possible. She felt always liest childhood.

years when raids and persecutions that what he did was right and that I believe my first consciousness of were being waged against the genas long as he lived everything would him is of his great generosity and eral authorities because of plural be well with her and with us. And that he liked to make lots of people

marriage. For this reason it was it was. happy. The first Christmas I can

necessary for mother to live away The recollections of father's and remember we were living in Southfrom home until I was six years old, mother's life together and their inern Colorado, many miles from the and for our identity to be kept a fluence upon my life are among my railroad. It was difficult to send

secret. As I look back on those first happiest and most sacred memories. things there, and, I suppose, very

years of mother's married life and I have far too many blessings to expensive. But one day shortly bethink of how timid she was, how count them, but I feel sure that my fore Christmas a wagon stopped in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

'event did had, and that he would do anything educational advantage: schools, front of our house,—an

you say? Mother said she only saw or make any sacrifice for the good travel, pictures, books, music, plays.

two strange wagons all the time we of his family. This was because he Busy as he has always been, he has

lived there and this was one of loved us so much, and we must never never been too busy to plan for our them. A man got out of the wagon do anything to make him sorry or welfare, and that of his grandchiland began unloading boxes, sacks, ashamed of us. dren, greatgrandchildren, his close

were distant his friends. relatives barrels There and and and

sisters and I were young My listened has with oranges always and an unHe packages.bananas—great of the died, one but mother deliwhen that were for troubles derstanding heart to cacies our day,—there things she to us bequeathed was nuts candy, and raisins. of has out us them. helpedapples and and

There were lovely dolls and toys her great love for father and her As I have grown in years and and new dresses and a seal skin belief that he was a tower of faith and understanding I stand coat for mother. The most thrilling strength to lean upon in times of amazed at father's accomplishments. things imaginable! This arrival of sorrow or trouble. We already I could tell of his honesty and fairthings from father not only comknew this, but her death brought ness, his courage and fearlessness.

looked I could tell of his gentleness, his pletely changed our Christmas but it forcibly before us. We

that of all the people in the town, back upon her long, sad illness with great humility and his abiding faith, for they were all invited to share the realization that father had not of the wonderful example he is to bring to stone left one unturned

I his family his Church. and with us. There was plenty for Or

her, peace, ease to comfort and his tell of for the nor might dead work everyone.

to us. or his life as a great missionary. But

Coon after this, Grandpa Wells His example of how to act in time it seems to me that the thing that died. Although it was taking a of sorrow was the greatest possible will be said of him as he stands begreat chance father let us come comfort and help to us. We were fore his Maker to be judged will

home to live. Thus we ended our proud to be his children and parbe, "Well done, thou good and

days on the "underground."I had took of his love, faith and courage. faithful servant. Thou hast kept My

only seen him a few times, but burnHe has taught us to love life, but two Great Commandments. Thou

ed into my childish consciousness not to fear death; to be happy even hast loved the Lord, thy God with

were the truths that father was the in the face of trials and to make all thy heart, and with all thy soul most generous, kindest, most conour Heavenly Father our best and with all thy mind, and thy siderate father any little girls ever Friend. He has given us every neighbor as thyself."

LETTER WRITTEN BY PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

TO HIS DAUGHTER By Rachel Grant Taylor was born of goodly parents."Astor House, New York. been thankful for the success that

These, the first words in the August 26, 1893. I have had in my business so that

that bridged record sacredI the "My Darling Ray: Ithatcouldof addthe toothersyour thathappinessI loveandso modern ancient and betweenspan

revelation, find an echo in my heart. "It is with difficulty that I am much. I have sometimes wondered

I too, was born of goodly parents. able to bring myself to appreciate if I had done less working and more

How "goodly"none but members the fact that in a few days you will visiting and talking with my little of the family circle can ever know. be fifteen years old. I confess that ones if it would not have been wiser

As I had been trying day after day it seems to me but yesterday since but I am not going to do any comto find words to tell you of the bond I came home from a little trip to plaining now.

between father and his girls, there Ogden or some other place and for "I find that there is a great change kept recurring the thought of the the first time you were able to walk and that many of the things that we "Sacred To Me"section of my three or four steps. I remember have had in the past that have addGleaner Treasures of Truth book. that you kept walking back and forth ed to our pleasure will have to be

for that to in future a long the gone without your from and me mamma letbirthday In that book was a that to that think time of the you perhaps and seemed much work we after shortly writtenter my dear will others very something have have doing wonderdone were by had beyears all the In death.mother's

I thankful pleased to us, but very be ful and done by much am I was letter a cherbeen hadtween that efforts feel in walking. to love that of sure your your indeed with I am

ished treasure, and no other eyes I have watched you grow from a and support and that you will withhad seen its pages. little babe to almost a young lady out complaint take up your share of

Should I share it with you? At and I have had all the pleasure and the burdens. I have been pleased

last, though it caused me a heart pride that a father could possibly with your labors so far in life as I pang, I decided I would be generhave in seeing you growing up with have seen that above all things that ous, for I felt that no words of mine a love of the truth and a desire to the desire to do right and to be could paint in its truest colors the do that which is right. I have workhonest was first and foremost with

portrait of my beloved father as did ed early and late for my loved ones you and I pray God with all my his own words of counsel, confidence and I have taken much pleasure in heart that you will always feel this and love. You may read my letter. supplying all their wants and I have way, I think more of your doing

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

right than of all the gifts and graces heed that they should to the wishes having you and the rest of the chilin the way of good looks and fine of their Aunt Gusta, and your exdren to rear. I feel that you will

things that this world can produce. ample in this regard will do more do all that it is possible to do and I

"You have a labor ahead of you than words to keep them in the right thank the Lord that you feel this in this life that is very important path. If you are careful and way.

and that is much greater than usuthoughtful of all that you do and "It will soon be your birthday and ally falls to the lot of a girl of your your example is all that it should I write to send you all the fond love years, and this labor is to assist in be, the little ones will follow it and that it is within my power to send the rearing of your brother and sisthe task of your Aunt Gusta will you and to wish you with all my ters. Your example will do more to be one of love and pleasure; but on heart, many, many happy returns of

lead them in the right path than althe other hand in case you and Lutie the day. You will soon be in your

most anything else that can happen. do not do all in your power to aid sixteenth year and you must com-

I will not be home much of the time and assist in rearing the children, mence to have serious thoughts. I

as when I am not away on business Gusta will find her labor almost more was hard at work when I was six-

I will be on missions for the Church than she can endure. I know that teen earning part of the money that

and the time may come when some today she feels to thank the Lord for we were living on, and while I do of the little ones will not give that the sweet task He has given her in {Continued on page 706)

BOOK OF MORMON INSCRIPTION BY PRESIDENT GRANT

These pages contain the inscription that President Grant wrote in the volume of the Book of Mormon and the Doctrine and Covenants that he presented to his daughter Rachel and her husband. They reveal his beautiful character, his great love for the Scriptures, his testimony of

their divinity, the comfort and joy he gets from perusing them. Thousands of books has he

inscribed with helpful messages.

MM

Aj&i!!&ae m*t*z{j?*<a -/tiet**

? yLS, -7"; M, r * w

- L,&VttexM&(L ffacf&miH&A.

V00L&*PiS yLeeC<

''ptgX

u*

tCsSt-j**- /'J;

"rlWW.lWi-. WiMMI *.,#**< '.- llMJIjillfMH,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

LETTER WRITTEN BY PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT TO HIS DAUGHTER

(Continued from page 705) not want you to go to work, I do that she has gone and teach them and an earnest prayer that you will want you to save all that you can as she taught you. I want you to be blessed and prospered of the

by helping at home, and above all always be free and frank with me Lord all the days of your life.

I want you to be cheerful and happy and your Aunt Gusta as well as "I want you and all of us to so in any and all work that you have with mother as the safe way is to do live that when we have finished this to do. I feel that you will do all nothing or have no companions that life that we will meet with a fond

that I suggest and I am as thankful you do not want us to know all welcome from the Lord as well as as I know how to be that you have about. You must be as careful of your dear sweet mother. I shall

been all that I could ask so far in your grandma's feelings as possible not purchase you any present to reyour life and I pray that the Lord and do all that you can for her, as member the day by, but I will send will watch over and protect you in she is an old lady now and in the you a father's blessing with his asthe future as He has in the past. providences of the Lord she can't surance that the life that you have

You will be going to parties and to remain with us many years, and led in the past has been pleasing to sociables in the near future and I while some of the things that she him and has added much to his hapwant you to be careful and never wants done may not be just as we piness and to ask that you go on in allow the slightest liberty to be taken would like, we had better try to the future making him happy by by any of your escorts. There are please her as it will be a pleasure doing all the good that you can and

very many of the young men among to recall that we did all that we by attending to the labors that you us as well as in the world that are could to make her contented and have before you from time to time not good and that have no regard happy. I regret, my darling girl, with cheerfulness. Once more sendfor virtue, and that is a dearer treasthat I can not be home with you on ing you all the fond love and sweet

ure than even life itself. Your mamyour fifteenth birthday, as I had kisses that a letter can carry, I am,

ma taught you very plainly in all hoped that I could be there and that with a heartfelt prayer, that God things of this kind and you must I would be able to add something to will bless you always, remember all that she told you and the pleasures of the day. I send you 'Your loving and devoted father,

watch over the other children now the fond love of a devoted father ( Signed ) HEBER J. GRANT."

SOME OUTSTANDING CHARACTERISTICS OF

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

By George W. Middleton

boy, the chauffeur "and keep said to the backward there are so demands pages when manyTurning it indicate vividly it there. any I recall very not let not, could if he time that of memory on his he Do

the first time I ever saw Presiwould, plan sermons. At a big gathfaster or any slower speed."After

dent Grant. He was a young ering of prominent people at Detroit a few hours'rest in the early mornapostle then on one of his official a few months ago his speech was ing we were on the road again and

visits to the southern end of the quite a sensation, and his audience kept the even pace of fifty miles an territory. Of course I knew about gave him an ovation, and begged hour to Cedar City, where we arhim but had never seen him nor had him to speak again in the banquet rived in time for the first meeting.

the pleasure of hearing him speak. that was to follow. There is an unAfter carrying through two lengthy

There was a well packed house in derlying sense of humor in many of programs we were on the road again, the old tabernacle at Cedar City. his pungent sentences which is very and that same evening met an overIt was a stormy night but the inpleasing, and people never hear him flow crowd in the tabernacle at Fillclement weather had not deterred once without wanting to hear him more. The next early morning

the people from coming out to hear again. It is a remarkable thing that found our speedometer still registhe new apostle. I must have been although he is within a few weeks tering fifty miles an hour as we sped

in my early teens, at that impresof his eightieth birthday his vim and back to the city. I tell this to indisionable age when our emotions lie vigor and earnestness has known cate the alacrity of President

near to the surface. The clean cut no abatement, and he speaks with Grant's movements, and the many

incisive style and the downright as much force as he did half a centhings he accomplishes by crowding earnestness of the speaker made a tury ago. so many hours into a day and makprofound impression on me which A year or so ago I went with ing every minute count.

I have never forgotten. When the President Grant down to Cedar

wind outside raised to a tempest, City. He was responding to a refNE outstanding characteristic of

the speaker said, "Now, I can outquest to dedicate a new church and President Grant is moral courtalk that storm, and shall only need as it was in my native section the age. You may not always agree

to know how loud I must intone my people had asked me to come down with him but you always know exvoice to make you all hear. If anywith him. We drove over to the actly where he stands on any issue,

body fails to hear let him hold up hospitable home of his daughter, though it may be sometimes detrihis hand."Mrs. Clifford Young, at American mental to his own interest. If he

President Grant has a style of orFork for an evening dinner and then thinks he is right nobody ever need atory that is all his own. Of course, took the road through the dark fear that he will back down. His

any man who preaches so much is night for Fillmore. "Put your speedword is as good as his bond. When

bound to repeat himself, especially ometer at fifty miles an hour,"he the Church leaders decided that it

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

was better to give up plural marhas had no place in his life. He is no doubt has to do with this; he

riage than to continue the harassing not seeking for faults in your life, has never been poisoned with tostruggle with the federal governbut for those virtues which make bacco nor whiskey nor any other ment it was naturally a trying time you worthy of his friendship. He harmful thing, but beyond that there

for all those people involved. After is no fair weather friend who smiles must be a durability in his physical

the Church gave its word of honor upon you today and frowns upon fibre of an unusual order. You rePresident Grant only inquired into you tomorrow, but he is always the member the Wonderful One Hoss

the validity of their pledge, and same. His devotion to his own Shay created by the imagination of

then became staunch and immovfamily is remarkable. His interest our great physician poet, Doctor

able in his resolution to fulfill that in his children's welfare has been Oliver Wendell Holmes, had all its obligation. He has absolutely no uniform and constant; there has parts so tempered in texture and

sympathy for those misguided peobeen no slightest sign of partiality, durability that it ran perfectly for ple who fail to realize the sacredthough his numerous daughters are a hundred years to the day and then ness of a promise, and so far as he of three different mothers. His abwent to pieces all in a heap. The

is concerned they have had no quarsolute sense of justice has bound one is fortunate who can approxiter and cannot expect any. his family to him with a sense of mate this simile in his own physical

great veneration and love. makeup, and round out his octoIn the early experience with nagenarian or nonogenarian life or

tional politics in this state it was ()NE of the most outstanding vireven reach the century mark posthat therenatural be irregushould blessed his faculties of and sessed is his tues of President Grant larities in nature the shoeof "gum to It health. is hard with liberality. good naturally great He has whispering campaigns.ing"and predict day by and by week week of conscientious a guardian een

People learn by experience had to is to one going to happen day what large the which Church fund over the rights to respect absolutelyhow scriptural allowance the is past the trusteein-trust, he is but he has who others. considof been There had years, but ten score of three and liberal stake the with been and ward

feeling preerable engendered bad is ten years already officials here to is one for applied who funds who of to the timevious President limitation of and that to the build congood chapels other to meet and

Grant's incumbency as president tingencies that came up in their adis in much better physical condiboth among the Mormon people and ministration. tion than he was twenty years ago,

neighbors. Butour nonMormon its retained has mind and whose his private But with he revenues the assumed Grant Heberwhen J. is just thought resiliancy whose and felt that could with them he do shall said:presidency he be has "There long ever. as as buoyant men Many as pleased. has year he he Each politics."influence in For Churchno going are eightieth the year to before sent the thousands books by rule his therethe of eighteen years with shoulders drooping and with all this friends part western over not the of suspicionhas been Church in their counteself-pity of look a I of continent, the should imagand in thatinterference anything does is distressing. here But nance which ine far In parts to other away. hisnot concern the Church, and his erect, is his with head a man I very widely have sundered homes fairness forreputation absolute has his sidelights open skylight and and his inscribed encountered books with to theappealed not only members as responses physical mental and classic dedicated penmanship, and to but theof our Church Mormon in years. alert his as younger With in greetings the kindly with words neighbors. EverybodynonMormon is selfreliance seeking perfect he friends of to the season Christmas that matter might no whatknows pity, an only but man's wants no all gratwith must remember who private President Grant'sbe own fine desthe to out opportunity work this itude consideration. kindly He or thatopinion preference keeps he out tiny the has which Lord mapped is giver truly princely a never whoto advises himself anynever and stimulate others for to him, and lets left his his what hand know vote, alto does he norbody how his virile his example, and with right bestowed. has hand When officials his exto subordinatelow fellows. his to kindly demeanor in friend trouble, or kindred were that influence press opinions might

others, contrary to their owr condelinquent tax bills were met, hosIs it luck, is it good living, is it victions. pital bills liquidated and sums of destiny, or is it a combination of

money advanced as free will offerthe three that enables one to come

President Grant related to me ings. If he thought a friend would up to the score of eighty years with

once a remarkable testimony he relike a nice picture or a desired book such mental and physical poise that ceived while traveling in Arizona. or any other thing that would make he looks as if the race reaches yet

I cannot repeat the details of it now, him happy, it was forthcoming withfar into future time, and as if the but it was of such an impressive out the least thought or hesitation. daily routine might continue its

nature that he has never since He seems to have an ambition to rhythmic regularity for many years doubted the verity of Mormonism, die poor. Quite recently to help to come. Perhaps it is luck that

and his whole life has been devoted out the cause of the Church effort preserves us from accidents and acto its service. Every thought and to take all its members off the dole, cidental infections; no doubt it is

every act of his life has been dihe advanced twentyfive thousand good living that keeps our resistance rected to the fulfillment of his duty dollars out of his own pocket. at a high mark; but perhaps it is

as an officer of the Church, and Perhaps the most remarkable destiny that casts some into the every other activity of his life has things about President Grant are mold of a Lincoln instead of a Ford.

to be made subordinate to that first his wonderful vitality and his abilLet us wish that this kindly good impelling duty. ity for sustained work. When you man may have a long series of years

In the same way President Grant consider that in a very few weeks he yet to continue his useful life, and has been loyal to his friends. If he will be eighty years old it is amazthat his fine example of energy and

is once your friend he is always ing to see how much in each day he integrity may stimulate many others your friend. The voice of slander can accomplish. His temperate life to emulate his remarkable career.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

By Dr. John H, Taylor

or read of We read in the Scriptures that of the M. I. A., was discontinued,Whenever we hear President Grant, we usu- "it is more blessed to give than to President Grant decided that the orally find mentioned his receive,"and I am quite certain that ganization needed a magazine. He,

splendid quality of determination. President Grant has carried with therefore, went out and got subWhen the boys made fun of his him the spirit of this message and scriptions, donated a large amount

baseball playing, calling him "sissy,"made use of it all the days of his himself and helped establish again this made him determine to some life. Even as a boy he was always an M. I. A. magazine. Not only

day play on the champion team of desirous of doing something for was he satisfied that the people at the territory. To do this, he threw someone else. He never sought home should have the benefit of it

a ball at a mark on the side of a praise for the things that he did but but he also thought that the misbarn so many times that it was was satisfied and fully compensated sionaries should have free copies necessary for his mother to bind up by the happiness and joy he brought and through his efforts, the missionhis arm in order to alleviate the into people's lives because of his aries in the field have since that pain, but he kept throwing the ball helpfulness. time been supplied with the magaand in the end became so expert zine.

that he accomplished his purpose "\T7hen President Grant one ChristOne time one of his daughters and became a member of the chammas heard that a former stewas telling him about a poor widow pionship team. When some of his nographer was greatly in need of who was having rather a hard

school companions saw his writing money and that the family home time. President Grant asked her

and made fun of it, he resolved to was in jeopardy of being sold bename. His daughter gave it to him

some day become a teacher of pencause of a mortgage, he wrote to all and he said, "I'll send her some manship at the University of Utah. of his children and told them that money."She said, "But you don't

By constant practice he finally sucwhile he usually sent them a check even know her."President Grant

ceeded in doing what he had deterfor Christmas (and it was always said, "That is not necessary, she mined to do. He decided to learn very generous ) this year he thought needs help and I am glad to do it."

to sing notwithstanding every natthat they could go without it, and He has always been that way.

ural obstacle was against him. By he would use the money in helping Widows, orphans and men who

going over and over the songs hunto save the home of his former sechave needed help have been the dreds and thousands of times, he retary; he also invited his children recipients of his many kindly acts.

finally was able to do what he wantto contribute and help things out, It was not a question of whether ed to do. Perhaps that spirit of which they did. he knew them or not or whether

determination is the reason for his His generous nature is not conthey had been entirely faithful or success in life. He was willing to fined to the individual but often not he just loved to do something

work for the things he wanted and takes in groups of individuals, comfor them whenever it was possible to give the time necessary to acpanies and industries. He not only for him to do so.

complish his purpse. does splendid things himself but he

This characteristic of determinaseems to exert an influence on other His generosity extends from tion he got from his mother in a people so that they also want to be the men of high standing to the large degree. The story is told that generous and helpful. If some instimost humble in the 'world. He has

when the bishop came to visit Prestution was in financial trouble and always been blessed with the ability ident Grant's mother he noticed pans he had friends connected with it, to accumulate money, but he always on the floor to catch the water as he was the first to head the subwants to share it with other people.

it came through the roof. The bishscription list with a generous If he had wanted to keep it all for

op kindly offered to have the roof amount in order that the institution himself and his own family, he repaired as a contribution from the might be saved and the stockholdwould be a very rich man, but that ward but the mother said, "Never ers'investments protected. In this is no pleasure to him. Money to

mind, bishop, I will be able to take line you all know of his love for him is only to be made to use and care of that myself and some day home industries and how he has to help Zion grow and increase and when my boy grows up he will been one of the chief exponents of her people to find happiness and build me a new house."Before helping to establish them and has comfort. No one will ever know the

President Grant was twentyone given generously of his time and number of students, artists, and years old he had built her a very money to accomplish this purpose. singers who have been befriended

substantial new home. When the Contributor, an organ and encouraged by a sympathetic

These stories, of course, are very interest, as well as by financial aswonderful and stimulating to both sistance.

old and young, but as interesting If there ever has been a more as this quality is, may I bring to you generous man in the Church or in another side of the character of this the world, in proportion to the monwonderful prophet of ours; a side ey that he had, I do not know his

of his life that is not so well known name. Perhaps when his life's

but perhaps is the more beautiful work is finished, it will be said of of the two, although one could him that he was like Abou Ben hardly have existed without the Adam, whom he so often quotes, other. "He loved his fellowmen."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

THE RELIEF SOCIETY OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Mo'tto—Charity Never Faileth The Advertisers,

LOUISE YATES ROBISON President

First Counselor and Where You Will Find LYMAN AMY BROWN

Counselor Second KATE M. BARKER

JULIA A. F. LUND General Secretary and Treasurer Their Messages

THE GENERAL BOARD Emma A. Empey Rosannah C. Irvine Hazel H. Greenwood 714

Annie Wells Cannon Nettie D. Bradford Emeline Y. Nebeker

Jennie B. Knight Elise B. Alder Mary Connelly Kimball Beneficial Life Insurance ComTanet Lalene Allen Inez H. Hart K. M. Thompson nanv - Back Cover S. Lotta Spafford Belle Paul P. Baxter Ida Beal

Cora L. Bennion Marcia K. Howells Donna Durrant Sorensen 722 Amy Whipple Evans

RELIEF SOCIETY MAGAZINE Brigham Young University 717

- Kimball Connelly Chicago, Burlington, & Quincy.Mary Y. Robison Manager Editor--------- 655 Assistant Lyman Brown AmyLouise Manager......... ---------- Chicago School of Nursing 716

Vol. XXIII NOVEMBER, 1936 No. 11 Consolidated Wagon & Machine

Co 719 Continental Oil Co 718 Editoria 726 Denver & Rio Grande Western BEST WISHES R R 734 congratulate our beloved mination to succeed, sincere in his 725

President Heber J. Grant service to his employers. From the Deseret Mortuary Co 716We on reaching his eightieth time he was appointed as President 721

birthday vigorous in body, alert in of Tooele Stake through his long Deseret News Press 722 in spirit. life years as radiant of servicemind, as His Apostle and Eastman Kodak Co. - 716long in President of the deeds of in good years and Church Jesus

has been an example of integrity Christ of Latterday Saints, his First Security Corp 650 and devotion to the Gospel of Jesus sincere faith, his unswerving devo653

Christ. Never was there a more tion to his Father's work has been 718

devoted son. His mother's welfare unquestioned. Glen Bros. Music Co 716

is in ever truest the dominant happinessand were President Grant - 726 Murdock & itin his to religious. visGray mind, that sense he deeply has and saw He 715 Heber Grant, J. 6 Co last best days. ited to herher the ministered days were and widow

In his young manhood he longed and orphan and has kept himself Hogle Investment Co 724 for a university education. When unspotted from the sins of the world. Hotel Utah Inside Front Cover

continually then Cannon, about doing in CongoesGeorge Q. He 727 KSL for told that findinggress, apgood, congenial he him would work

L. D. S. Business College 656 either topoint giving of Annapolis him or those out employment,

- 718West Point, he walked on air. He words of encouragement and finanMid-west Dairy

felt now his dreams could be realcial assistance to those in need, Mountain Fuel Supply Co 654 ized. He chose Annapolis. He distributing books with a lavish Nibley, Preston 717

visioned himself an admiral. His hand that feed the souls of those Quish School of Beauty Culture 717

until looked scattering he them, complete readjoy was works of who art to to Remington Rand, Inc 717 pain bring cultureinto eyes his mother's and saw and delight there. He gave up this cherished thousands. 731

longing because she did not wish Because of his wide travel and Royal Vacuum Cleaner 718 him to go. This decision we bethe remarkable welcome he receives Salt Lake Stamp Co 720

lieve changed the whole course of from people of all classes, he has Shell Oil Co 715 his of determinationhis life, been our for with termed "Ambassador

Shepherd's Town Card Co 716 application doubtless Will."would is accorded reheand Good He

have gained distinction in the navy spect and honor wherever he goes, Southern Pacific R. R 651

which would have taken him away and people listen intently to his mesUnion Pacific R. R 736

his enthusiastically people. sagefrom and applaud

its conclusion. father, grandfather, him at husband, Those As whom Utah Engraving Co 720

he has shown the same devotion as he meets recognize his sincerity. Utah Home Fire Insurance 649

he did to his mother. While he They know he believes what he 723

leads a very busy life, he always preaches, and his clear messages has time to look after the welfare find a welcome in their hearts. And Utah Oil Refining Co 735

of his family. The bond of love so beloved and honored by his own Utah Power & Light Co. -

between him and them is most beaupeople and by those of different Inside Back C over tiful. faiths he goes about enriching the Utah State National Bank 652

Sincerity must be the fundamenlives of those whom he meets. As

tal characteristics of a truly great he goes from stake to stake and Utah Woolen Mills 732 man. President Grant from his boyward to ward, his admonitions lead Walker Bank & Trust Co 729

living better this sterto the Latterevidenced has ever amonghood trait.ling Saints. day has blessed been throughout and Z. C. M. I - 733 God He has

his long life sincere in his affection magnified him. Long may be live to Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Co 730

for his family, sincere in his deterbe a source of strength to his people.

REPRINTED FROM THE LATTERDAY SAINTS'

MILLENNIAL STAR ESTABLISHED IN 1840

WITH THE GIFT OF PROPHECY

By President Joseph J. Cannon of the British Mission

( Following are almost the exact words of He had received from the Lord this turned from the home of Maria De the of ideas exchangean Priestof the I fear writer had with message: Grey, power she is dead "The and by now.

time ago.) enquirer somean living the is on about hood of the an hour up there I was ago God

'ou prophet? lives people. upstairs of the office taking into your The Rowe, go Yes.

is destroyer to the rebuke piece power of paper, write 'Maria a and on that a title or a fact?YIs say that Heber J. Grant is a tiveearth.as heThecandestroyerbe. Heis delightsjust as acin andPresidentshe was Grantdying."replied, "Brother

is here. Smith and Get not Henry dead; Maria John Gray De De Both.

quickly, to that house get die; will him go and not Grey Maria Grey De title? the Why the destroyer will the to get rebuke well and the and back and go leader of the the Church Because

girl live."I. Apostles shall her two Z. factory C. run shoe The and M. high direction receive on frommust ran, actually to the hurried, home. machine.'she a machine run Did foreseeto the Church, must guide

startled family this way. before accident?"They made with she The met force future, the estimatethe must

oil, rechild the with anointed for dying that asked, he not he had known is therefore events.of present He the destroyer promised buked and her. superblessed he when The thecalled been Prophet. has That

live. pain All suddenly she that would intendent had. she answered

first titles his the sucof through visited left her. doctor the continued, President Grant "Well, When Smith.cession from Joseph

I change, the again the will will and back. saw she she home be know

I fact. in the interested more am

I understand not could he declared he back, because a manihad come Fact—that is fact. President it; he was dumbfounded. The child festation from God while blessing

Grant not only must receive such recovered. That is not only proher that that is exactly what should

direction. He does receive it. phecy, but another great spiritual happen."

But has he ever prophesied? gift, that of healing. Maria De Grey did not die. Her

Yes. bones knit together, the pneumonia

When? T-Tere is another instance of proleft her, strength returned and she

that times said has many He ran to her back went mawork and solicitaearnest the phecy. At far in will the not Christ comeJesus I. in chine factory. Z. the C. shoe M. Presition his brother, of Hyrum, governdistant to over take future is prophet, bePresident a Grant of the to a dent Grant went home righteous establish His andment living possesses cause he a testimony seribeen had young woman who earth.rule the over is is that a Christ. the Jesus He accident. in hurt ously an num- A that. said have Many prophet, called for the to has he been of broken ber and bones been had sincerely can But do one so no leadership Christ's of on Church in. they set had pneumonia When spirit of thewithout prophecy. spirit earth truly of as as the and at the to looked bedside, he came else? fell What the Elisha prophecy with on his to in her whispered dismay and that said has the would Gospel He Elijah, the of of so mantle the Keys is right brother, dying she "Hyrum,

all in before thebe preached world with Priesthood High which come I bless believe not could do now. wethe Moreover, coming. second he office his sacred open communica- I her before dead. be she would

it three himselfhas helped preach on matters concerntion with on heaven exin that think anxiety and yourcontinents. of the building Kinging God's up the received citement have you the he years For warned many earth. on dom as idea."white But wrong Hyrum, to debt, out ofpeople because keep the well him, use can Lord And replied, stricken the "Heber, woman,of times troublous has ahead. He faithful for true he been has and I I I that not wrong. know know am finances better healthpromised and up. His has been from youth He I that manifestation received a haveto alcoholic leave those alone who of fruaggressive courageous, and if live."shall bless her she And wedrinks tobacco. and urged has He life, gal austere and uncompromising bless her. President did they Grant

to thethe people with generous be tolerant generous. but has been He that her should promised her bonesLord, the assured them and Lord his his of given and has enemies knit, that she should recover and in return. be generouswould friends his a people of wealth and to that her should she back go maBut specific prophecies? chine in the shoe factory. loyalty and affection. Of strong

One day he was walking along convictions, commanding personalthe street praying in his heart for a Later in the day President Grant ity, unusual grasp of affairs, he is little girl whom the doctor said was met William H. Rowe, Superintend- a man whom power has not made

dying. Suddenly he stopped, then ent of the Z. C. M. I. shoe factory, proud and whose vision has ever

ran to the home of a fellow Apostle. who said, "Heber, I have just rebeen on far horizons.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

MY HEROINE By Amy Brown Lyman nMONGyouth wasthe myheroinesbeloved ofschoolmy hightained.standard of living she has maintualciety Improvementand the YoungAssociationWomen's Mushe

teacher, Augusta Winters As Latterday Saints, especially served faithfully. And as a member

Grant, wife of President Heber J. we admire her for her devotion to of the General Board of the Y. W.

I. A. she has for the past thirtyGrant. the Gospel—for her willingness to M.

In contemplation my mind goes live it, and to work for it. She has eight years worked valiantly for the

back to the dear old country school been outstanding for her ability to benefit of the youth of the Church.

house, and our large welllighted live in accordance with her religious Her voice has been heard in pracroom with a huge stove in the center convictions and to adhere strictly to tically all of the stakes and wards and filled with a lively group of the teachings and practices of the of the Church in the interest of this adolescent boys and girls. For the Church. From these standards she organization.

members of this class it was the last never deviates, and is thus a noble year in the grade schools and it was, example to the womanhood of the T-Ter devotion to temple work is an for me, the happiest year of my Church. She is a woman of great inspiration. Not only does she

early school life. faith. She loves the Lord and His give of her time, and strength to this

Miss Winters, as she was known ways. She tries to live the "way of cause but she likewise gives liberally

to us in those days, was our ideal. life"which He has pointed out. She of her means for research work in

We admired her for her beauty and is indeed and in truth an orthodox genealogy.

charm, for there was no one fairer Latterday Saint. In addition to serving as a misin the whole country round than Not only has she lived the Gossionary in Japan, in her capacity as

was she. We loved her for her pel herself but from her girlhood the wife of the President of the

kindness, human sympathy and undays she has used her energy and Church, she has traveled extenderstanding heart, for somehow we talent to influence others to do the sively, and everywhere, in her modknew unconsciously that even same. As a lay member she has est but effective way she has testithough we often failed to meet her quietly worked in the cause. As a fied to the truth of the Gospel of the

expectations she understood that Sunday School teacher and as a Master.

after all we were trying, that we Stake officer in both the Relief SoWe admire Sister Grant as awere anxious to learn, were good * mother—as the mother of her only

at heart and were really worth while. child and as a mother of the nine

And she bore with us. She seemed THANK GOD FOR PRESIDENT motherless children of her husband.

to understand adolescent boys and GRANT These she has brought up in the fear girls and to realize that their restof the Lord, and their fine upright lessness is due in a measure to their By Elder A. Leslie Derbyshire lives are an outstanding tribute to

rapid their growth, craving her motherhood. for symstrife in the midst of vanity and "Decause,

theirpathy, desire for experience Sister for her honor *-'Grant the find inspiring from freedom We We their for quest selfexpression.and life to cares of devotion her husband, and loyalty

his score four deeds on who By thinking Grant, bePresident drawere entertained our her Heber by We trod years has talent releader.matic has keen always loved and which SheJ. humor

trust of honor, path and The truth—we failed hisnever desires the taught spected to break and has monotony Thee, God! Thank

of the long school days and to stimtheir children to do likewise. She

ulate our imagination. We thank Thee, Father, for thy kindly plan sympathizes with him in his great

this sweet us and Godly by man To responsibilities and sustains him for her respected her nobility We the has remained unchanged Wholead her full support. long with character, idealsof high her and for through, years

her true Christian life, which were Straight, tall and steadfast, strong, brave Sister Grant inherits many of her exemplified in all her associations. and true. fine qualities from her intelligent

time has maturity gone on and As mother, outstanding and Ann Mary

Ihas never have been come of great Winters, who was a woman disapFor hisgrim,fight for the right in dark days and pointed in my heroine. I have been For his scorn of the wrong we honor him, faith; who was open minded, high

closely associated with her all And we love him because he retains so minded and wide minded; who was

through the years. Under all cirmuch public spirited and gave freely of her

cumstances and conditions she has Of the gentle, humorous, human touch. time and energy in the interest of

so reacted as to raising of education satisfy my idealism. famand in the love and and homage Honor we give, has fully demonstratedShe standards. and community From that our Prophet pray the sayAnd we long may ily

ing that: "People are what they live; her noble father, Oscar Winters, she

have been."We thank Thee, O God, through smiles inherits her calmness and evenness

tears and her her today for baldisposition, poise of her and We all admire every day of his eighty years!faithfulness to devotion and her For ance, judgand her wisdom good

friends, for her modesty, her keen inment.

tellect and her interest in humanity; Her philosophy of life she sumfor the beautiful life she has lived, med up recently on her birthday

for her poise and balance, for her when she said, "I have always tried freedom from those devastating to be satisfied with what has come complexes which mar and scar the to me. I have never wanted anypersonality. We admire her for the thing that I could not have."

. 711 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

THE LATTERDAY SAINTS'MILLENNIAL STAR the Church, have been of almost weekly occurrences.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1936 Nor has his work been confined to the area covered by the Church.

As a member of International RoEDITORIAL tary, as a man of public affairs, in the world of business, his eloquent

THE WIDOW AND HER SON voiceple ofhasthe stirredUnitedtheStates.souls ofOutstandthe peohis to business have listened men

respect ringing with most words youngboy—hermother,onlywithchild—nineher baby hishe mustbusinessdo toinearnSalt aLakeliving,City,he wouldwhich profound.ing

days old, was left a widow in be compelled to travel back and is a man who on the 22ndpoverty in the early Pioneer days forth from home to office, a distance Here of Western America. Her busy of thirtyfive miles. But he accepted. day of November will reach the ripe

needle kept the child and herself Two years later he was called to age of eighty, yet who has the health from distress. As the boy grew he the Apostleship. The first responsiand vigor and fire of leadership of

entered earnestly into the struggles bility, so unusual for one of his one who is young. This man has

of his home and ripened into manyears, was by no means as startling placed his trust in Divine Provilife.hood at an early age. as this latter. A member of the dence. He has led the unselfish

His father had had a dramatic Council of Twelve at twentyfive! He has enjoyed so greatly the blesscareer. An early convert to MorHis obligations had become such ed happiness which comes from

monism he had filled six separate that he continued his business conhelping others that his outstanding missions, assisted in building the nections. In those early days it was characteristic is his willingness to

Kirtland Temple, led a company necessary for men of leadership in give. If all of those, on this, his

across the plains to Salt Lake Valthe Church to help direct the affairs coming natal day, to whom he has ley in 1847, served as MajorGen- of wealth production. The commade a gift, were to come forward,

eral of the Nauvoo Legion, served munities were small and struggling. each with a flower, President Heber

as speaker of the Territorial House At thirtytwo Heber J. Grant was a J. Grant would behold a wilderness

of Representatives, as Mayor of man of wealth. of blooms.

Salt Lake City, as Apostle and as But the Divine Province that was A host of missionaries, Saints and

Counselor to President Brigham preparing him for the summit of his friends, from South Africa to the

Young before he died at the unripe life guided matters well. Success Scandinavian countries, from

age of forty. does not give the spiritual growth Czechoslovakia and Palestine to IreFrom his mother the son had an that comes from adversity. land, extend love, blessings and best

equal inheritance. He never heard wishes to our revered President

an unkind word or a word in anger X-Te had never been a robust youth. Heber J. Grant, and wish for him

cross her lips. Her rigid economy, As a man his physical condition continued health and happiness,

her industry and her perception of was such that he was rejected as a with ever increasing development truth put a solid foundation under life insurance risk. Then came a and progress of the Master's work

his intense and imaginative nature. desperate illness, and his associates which he so deeply loves. Richard

How eagerly he met life! said of him, "Too bad. Too bad. R. Lyman.

From earliest boyhood he had Like his father he is going to an dreamed of when he could support early grave."Financial troubles that HIS PHILOSOPHY

that mother for whom he had such overwhelmed the whole country inspiring love. His every effort recaught him in their sweep also, and '"The sound philosophy of Presiceived encouragement from her. forced him to struggle for years beident Grant's life is clearly exThe first fulfillment of his youthful fore he could fully meet his obligapressed in the following, which is

powers was to provide for her and tions. one of his favorite sayings:

to provide for her well. Then missionary calls came, first "That which we persist in doing

Joyfully the proud mother watchto open the work in Japan, and then becomes easy to do; not that the

ed him soar. His energies were as President of the European Misnature of the thing has changed, but

abundant, his ambition high, his sion. that our power to do has increased."

business insight keen. It was AmerEighteen years ago this month, at Thousands have heard him utter

ica in the latter half of the ninethe age of sixtytwo, Heber J. Grant, these encouraging words. He preteenth century. Men were making this man of great experience and sents personally to every missionary

fortunes by seizing opportunities. training, became President of the a card bearing this sentence.

Before him lay the alluring world of Church of Jesus Christ of LatterMany are the examples in Presbusiness. He knew he had business day Saints. Remarkably prepared ident Grant's active life illustrating

genius. He yearned to make himfor this exalted place, President how effectively he has applied this

self a master in that realm, and move Grant has brought about many great philosophy. It will be well for all of

among the great ones. Before he achievements. us to recall that wise statement when

reached his majority he had begun So important has been the builddifficulties and obstacles seem to to rise. Business had become with ing programme of the Church, for stand in the way of achievement.

him a real passion. example, that not only has he dediPersistence is a rare quality, posIt was at this time that the Lord cated three great modern temples sessed by only a few. Success selinterposed. during his administration, but the dom fails to follow in the path of

At the age of twentythree this dedication of chapels, recreation persistence. President Grant's life

young man was called to preside halls, monuments erected to honor is a beautiful example of his own over the Tooele Stake. To continue the Pioneers and other members of philosophy. Parry D. Sorensen.

Father's fifty years in the thirteenth ward

Building the Deseret News their lessons. to recite By RACHEL G.TAYLOR wherenow stands

From the time father was a little

From Ensign Stake Treasures of house out on First North where the lad he and grandmother planned for

Truth Book Union Pacific Railroad yards are the house he would build her when located. The house was larger and he became a man. He built this

as the captain of a better than the small adobe one at house new for her on the lot where before stood, he the old was one had finally she which East 14 SecondWHEN Pioneers, of my company twentyone. Woolley. Bishop from purchased grandfather, MorJedediah I father he asked where When the chose she glad when Father was plains, the crossed Grant,gan first told he mother, he met me beThirteenth in Ward, the house this into with himtragedy walked time he a couldnt remember when there. lived friends his of most cause died wife land. His youngwestern for she Stringham, didn't Lucy know property the owned Woolley Bishop reached Echo the Companywhen block they lived the next and on had rod 10 small all by the around 2% brought her was body andCanyon School. the to same Sunday went located. house the was lot which on Caroline, burial. forto Salt Lake StringBriant grandfather, just behind was barn Bishop's My The all little the famdaughter,his was in with against Brigham ham, came Young barn their back fence—the reachleft toily This him. company alfirst the Pioneer His company. practised father later years which

1 846. in October, valley theed northeast of the land lotment was baseball. a throwing he by, and passed year a Over of Third corner and South Temple to his mother for It struggle a was It located home. a wasfounded new his of Streets. wife East home The in sewing took living. She earn a I. Z. C. Street M. whereon Main this part the of south on Susan was late work would often she when and large a stands. house was Hisnow It Street. lot facing East Third was get down night, would he into the a with dwelling,twostory adobe born. here mother was of pedals the floor work the and on front a and the across porchlong large a numChurch owned The his hands with machine the sewing the along running picket fencewhite in early cattle ber of those and days feet. she tired rest her to Whenstreet. of force with grandfather, a men to take him to had she out sew went elected grandfather In 1851 was of direction, his charge had under glad he told was her. me with He City. first Salt of Lakeas the mayor cattle this kept property. were The Godbe's at William she sewed when a counas chosenIn he 1854 was log Island. a There on was Church they because Mitchell's Frederick orselor to Young. President Brigham the there, mother and and house eat. to things The such good had Grant, father, was Heber JeddyMy children other spent happy many oranges tasted or first he time saw in the 22, 1856,born November at island their home. days summer very Mitchell's. were at They was he was Street home, and whenMain eleven, her mother was When seeing remembers ones, he tiny and died. a father his oldnine As days large of died, family father leaving a a whole put peel and the of men one blessed Bishop Edhe bybaby was children. poor, but very were They his in mouth. orange relates an Father D. Woolley.win to get determined mother an was

incident connected with this blessGrandmother used to help make education. Her sister Julia says

ing, as told him by Apostle John costumes at the Salt Lake Theatre mother learned to read from the

Henry Smith: and father liked to go there with her. signs on the stores on Main Street.

fourteen she only she was When Thirteenth the old of Bishop Woolley at settlement school a small at the "\TUrHEN I asked father about his taught blessed a baby. When me asWard

age of twentyfour, I was called to be school days he told me that the near St. George. Mother belonged

President of the Tooele Stake, the Bishop first school he attended was the to no particular social group, while

Smith; he to Apostle Henry John upwent in the It held school. was Doremus closest father's friends were memhis couldput his around arms neck—he First North identical building on Literary of the AssoWasatch short up,barely reach a he was man—and ocStreets now Second and West of peothem young sent Smith,said: have Henry you "John bersciation—many

that boy out to Tooele. I want you to cupied by the Salt Lake Knitting ple from such families as the

is to entitled in quorum. your be heknow to school Later he went Works. Wells, Youngs, Whitneys. and

as baby. a a blessing I want himI gave house, School in the Brigham Young first that says Father took he when it father histo through say, speaking was Gate. inside the (He just Eagle night mother from Sunday home the don't blessing and him gave whome

forget it. I was only an instrument in the remembers being baptized in Brigmeeting she bade him goodbye at

hands of the Lord. His father is dead and ham Young's font behind this school the gate. With his characteristic

he may be forgotten, but I want you to house.) Sister Randall was his determination with he walked homeremember."teacher. It her Sunday. Sunday after was

Father lived in the Main street Father went to the University of about four months before she invited house until he was about seven years Deseret for a short time. With just him in.

old, then grandmother tried to find a monitor to keep order, pupils She was now teaching school in a modest place for the two of them. would study in a room over the the Social Hall for the Misses Mary

He remembers that she had only Deseret Museum opposite the south and Ida I. Cook. Father says of

$500.00 with which to buy a home, gate of the Temple Block, and then the winter, "Frank Kimball and I

and she took him with her to see a walk to the Council House, located {Continued on page 715)

Loyal Friend A of a Basic Industry

Perhaps no man has done more to foster the beet sugar industry in the intermountain west than that venerable leader, Heber J. Grant.

In season and out he has urged the people of the west to buy and use sugar made from western grown sugar beets. His advice to farmers to plant beets has been

potent and persistent.

In times of financial uncertainty he has personally given of his means and his influence to stabilize this basic industry... to the ultimate good of the entire western

region.

When others have lacked courage Heber J. Grant has

never wavered in his confidence and support of this worthwhile industry and has lived to see his vision and foresight rewarded with an abundant harvest of benefits to investors, farmers and factory workers alike.

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR COMPANY

Ogden, Utah OFFICERS DIRECTORS M. S. ECCLES, PRESIDENT S. F. BALLIF. JR. SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

L - BECKER M. S. ECCLESECCLES BENNETT G.H. A.B. BENNING,.....RODMAN. VICEPRESIDENT.,VicePresident—SalesAND GENERAL MGR. G S.STEPHENS. benning L. RICHARDS. Chairman E-h - G.a

J. R. BACHMAN, SECRETARY AND TREASURER EDWARD L. BURTON J. F. SCOWCROFT

ARTHUR WINTER

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

Father's Fifty Years in the Thirteenth Ward STOP {Continued from page 713) thought we would try the rule 'The way to a man's heart is through hisstomach'on our girls. Our mothers STOP

were spending the winter in St.

George, working in the temple, sowe hired a first class cook and took GOthe girls to lunch every day—omy

it wasn't just lunch; it was a fine

dinner. The plan worked and we

both captured our girls."Father lived in the Thirteenth |ii

Ward for over fifty years. He had 1 1

five different on homes there—one IbahkMain, East, one on Second two on

Second South, and one on South

Temple. After father and mother

were married they lived with Grandmother Grant at H Second East

This is a house of memories for me. I was born there; my mother

and little brother died there; my

wedding was there and my daughter

Lucy, father's first grandchild, was born there.

Father says the ward work he remembers best was going block teaching with Hamilton G. Park.

"It was one of the biggest things in did all teaching the andmy life. He Costly Drivinq I listened. he have would Then me

make the report of our visits to the unless you have a bishop and ward teachers."

Nelson A. Empey, afterwards "stopand-go"gasoline

bishop, a kind, understanding was friend to all the young people. He PJSTgears,asyouryourgasolinecar needsneeds3 shifts3 kindsof

was teacher of the Sunday School of power! One power for quick starts

class. Of this class father says:... one for fast pickup... one for

"He had a large and enthusiastic steady running!

group. Boys came from all parts of

is first gasoline SuperShell with thethe the I remember city, and when perfectly balanced! these 3 powersSeventeenth Eighteenth and Ward

it today! Fill tank with yourSunday Schools were organized,

there was a struggle to get the boys from this ward to leave Bishop

Empey's class."SHELLS No account of those early days of SuperShell "WmB-.father's would be complete without

his tribute to another beloved bishop, Millan Atwood. Of this man's

influence in his life he says:

"Brother missionary as a Atwood home thepreached that first sermon a proINSURE made found impression upon my heart and soul Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph.

He made a grammatical mistake in his first sentence and I wrote it down, laughedabout it and was going to correct it for INSURE night the first class. After grammarmy Your animals while in transit to market.

Isentence became interested he and when got through I was weeping. I would no Let us quote you rates. have thoughtmore of using that sentence

than I would of profaning the name of God.

Credit is due to Millan than Atwood more HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

first other for theany promaking man Salt Lake City, Utah impressionfound the of very being on my divine mission of the Prophet Joseph 20 So. Main Street

Smith."(Continued on page 716) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936 he will build me a new one."The

Father's Fifty Years bishop went away shaking his head, felt Kodak Saves in the Thirteenth Ward andsorryafterwardsfor widow heGrant;remarkedif she waitedhe

715) (Continued page from until built for her son a house new For Today's Fun it, one, as he she never have would nine only father a baby was "\X7hen in laziest the the Thirteenth boy was died. his father old, days Fun More told what Heber Someone Ward.

all his family mother's of Nearly it said, the Bishop had and made sister in East. lived the Anna, Her Tomorrow.... that him determined ever than more

Ivins, of the mother Anthony W. fine build he a day some would home times good your of relin the most Rachel's Salt lived Lake. make You for his Pictures mother. snapshots. in them saving by to in well atives the East were do Start change. never will today take you fifteen old about years he When complete our you us show letting by the joined she but when Mormon Kodaks. of assortment joined a penmanship bookkeepand

its with peoand went Church West class. ing exwriting for lens, day he f.6.3 was One with Six20 Kodak told gladly ple her they they would folding versatile compact, is a ample, his on book and some boys were than more so much does that camera for provide her back welcome and picyour It widens kind. older his standing the around desk watching

snaptake you to willing her whenever she turetaking was range—lets his him. to Pointing writing one Photoinexpensive under night at shots until give but then Mormonism, up pictures x Takes lamps. 3J4"2J4"said, of the fellows does "What $17.50. only desire to again. her did not see they flood—costs writing Hebe's of?"remind you One

the with it along father's to you the things death After us show Let boy "Hentracks,"answered but anbegin Prices have. we Kodaks other for very the changed were much low as cameras Brownie $5. only at said, other you're that's wrong, "No,

$1. as little family. the from moved They lightning bottle."struck ink an

fine home to a small adobe house on Heber jumped up and said: "I'll live

to see the day penwhen I'll teach EASTMAN tookSecondin sewingEast Street,to earnandmoneythe motherto buy in manship and bookkeeping the clothes. food and University of Deseret."set had He she As sat and sewed she dreamhimself a hard that task, one took

the of her time ed son would when to accomplish. years his kept He Jxooak of her, care take for up and grow fine word. Being a served penman

little fellow a even he he when was for well him Inc. he enmade money STORES, tried help. to she Often would when policies grossing visiting writing and St. 155 So. Main to far into the night have sew and cards.

City, Utah Salt Lake feet tired her scarcely the run would sewing machine, he would get down Later he secured a position in on his knees, and with his hands on Zion's Savings Bank. At that early

day the institution was a small oneSell Greeting Cards Portraying the TRUE Spirit of the foot pedal run the machine.

One day when the Bishop called and Heber did the work of the to see how they were getting along Cashier, paying and receiving teller, janitor, and he and still CHRISTmas surprised of bookkeeper to see a he number was Text Folders Scripture of DeLuxe 24 BoxOur solicit insurance. had time to He value best on the market. the It tinout doubt, A $1.75Is, withUlue pans on the floor. had been

or boxes, for more 50e 60c. Two postpaid tosent you the promise to build good make raining the pans and been must had lovely Cards and containing each 15 Boxes,each. 4 For for his mother. a home sight. sell on orders They now! TakeFolders, send $1.00. to placed the catch rainwater which

Pa. Shepherdstown, CO., CARD TOWNSHEPHERD'S Before he the twentyone was the roof. leaky dripped through

"Rachel,"he said, "I will have a house was finished. Many friends

the famliy, including Bishop roof put once, out of house at on this BE A NURSE dedito the Wooiley were invited fast donations."of the "Thanks,

S25S35 A WEEK MAKE cation. to said Bishop: the Heber will the kind,"of nothing but do you at nursing practical home learn can

physiendorsed by Course time. spare YouIn to for thank the "I want you remark I finish this replied. as she soon "As year. 7th 3 graduates. cians. Thousands

hosof 10bed ofcharge has graduate One building for about you a made home I will to sewing, have enough learning. money while saved Another pital. $400

to High 60. 18 and women Included. Men It Equipment mother. aroused determinamy I to roof. the not going patch now. payments. am tuition Write Easy School not required.

tion CHICAGO and I want to ask you to now to put have waste you money NURSINGChicago, a new OFStreet, SCHOOLEast Ohio Dept. lesson pages.III. sample and 32 free, IP"!Dooklet Please5211,sen4 the dedicate house."It will this to house. have roof on

. Name.

City.State Aee do until my son is a man, and then

Does Your Musical Equipment Come Up To The New Church Requirements? RET MORTUARY

HammondIf NotElectricThe New Organ rviceAbov&AIi

Will in Every Way Fill Your Needs Low in Price—Never Needs

Tuning Over 253,000,000 Tone Colors Call at Our Nearest Store or Write in for Further Information.

Glen -Bros. Music Co.

Salt Lake City Ogden THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

BE BRAVE, O HEART!

By Bryce W. Anderson FACTORY TO YOU

Congratulations... LATEST MODEL REMINGTON TYPEWRITERS

De brave, O faltering heart!

The battle, nearly lost, may yet be won:

No race is ever o'er till it is run, I

And blue skies always follow after dun. A DAY

Be brave, O heart! BRAND NEW, latest

model Remington PortBe brave! There is yet time ablerect fromfor onlythe 10)!factory.a day!EveryAmazinglyessentiallowfeatureprice diof

standard 4-row keyTo win the bounty, ere the day is past. board,large officestandardtypewriters—width carriage, release, margin

To those who strive for long enough, at last whileback space,this specialautomaticopportunityribbon holdsreverse.good.Act now,

Success must come. No die is ever cast You don't RISK a Penny

this send genuine you We Model trial. IfBeyond return. Be brave! free satisfied, not it back. send 5 for 10Wedays'pay

all shipping charges.

brave! the LetBe crime not Typing Carrying FREE Course and Case

will receive completecomplete You aa FREE quitting the gloryOf of your mar in course iii Typing.Typing. fight; home Touch simplifiedsimplifiedFREE,FREE, the thoughFor world be black as Stygian a!. lyin(* case. handsome, carrying sturdy AlsoAlsoNo obligation.

ful for Mail I details coupon tails—NOW. night,

Somewhere beyond the clouds there is a 315 RemingtonFourth RindAvenue,Inc.:NewDept.York,29311N. Y. lightSomewhere a star. Be brave! TellRemingtonme, withoutPortable,oblipation,plus FreehowTypingI can Courseget a Newand

Carrying Ca.se, for 10 a day. Send Catalogue.

Name Address TO A HANDCART VETERAN City.State.

Although three handcart companies made the trip successfully and happily from Iowa City to

Salt Lake Valley, additional two ones leaving Heber J. Grant Library and the "Y"ANNOUNCING late in the caught inclement season were by the

weather and suffered untold hardships. The

in Willie arrived Salt Lake Company November The Publication of a New Book 9. original the Of (approximately company University Church The

which 450) from migrated had England, 77 had Entitled route. perished en Martin The comCompany institutions joins other and

in of the lost posed beginning 575 144 had members. last Martin the arrived The Company agencies in congratulating

of November. This poem was written a deby BRIGHAM YOUNG

scendant. President Heber J. Grant The Man and His Work By Belle Watson Anderson upon his Eightieth Birthday

anniversary. by

marching; by step—I Step Nibley Preston

toil Day and Grant Library, Heber plod; The J. is Night day—youhear soulyou by chanting bynight—your Praises to at nearly present housing Jehovah—God. will be This book ready NovemHour by hour—some heart is fainting; 100,000 books as well as ber 15th and will be mailed anyPrayer born anew; prayer—strength of bulletins, where in the United States for thousands Faith by power byfaith—Almighty

is $2.50. Leads pamphlets them and magazines, through. on and brings them

looked upon as, a monument Task builded; task—an empire

will Plan by supreme; to the President's love of Send your order in now by plan—God's Feat by feat—at last, fulfillment books. It stands on the camOf man's most prophetic dream. DESERET BOOK CO. pus as a reminder of the

Tear by tear—I see them falling; interest he has in the per44 East South Temple

night Time by and time—morn, Salt Lake City, Utah in print of great noon petuation it live Year over: by

Death year—youerase it soon. cannot deeds. thoughts and The

Gift for gift—can I repay you? addition of each new volume

I can do? Joy for will pass as the years be joy—what a BE INDEPENDENT for life is Trust trust—my his yearning. tribute to and to him me, true. Lord, Help to be most Vocation So Profitable 1 No Other

leadership. ENROLL NOW

For a Complete Course at the Faculty and Students join in felicitations. Quish School of Beauty Culture

The Best in the West 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

\D BRIGHAM YOUNG SALTFor LAKEFurtherCITY,InformationUTAH and Catalog Call UNIVERSITY WasatchFill 7560in Thiso*

PROVO, UTAH % Coupon THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

THANKSGIVING FOR ONE MORE YEAR

By Clara Aiken Speer By Grace Zenor Pratt

Lord, Thee, thank the year we was young, WE golden to see the year one more For When fields our plowed earth again grain; our planted hopefully And time. harvest At growing the tended and watched We fields fruit vine; corn the of For..and. upon

crops Through the summer's sun and rain. For glowone more year to watch the sunset's

Now in the autumn we have reaped O'er time;purpled hills... and stars at evening Wto& forFervouryour Where our fertile seeds were sown For joy to feel and welcome cooling showthe garden and gathered have And ers trip! motor fruits, orchard silver in clothed mist valleys emerald On

listing scenic trip plan, Personal toil grown. of have our out Which harvest, yielding precious Seedtime and*'& free! hotels, sent camps, wonders,

fields, to want you telling when and where write, Just scarlet lips that leaves autumn's have And fold hands complacent travel complete postpaid, But do mail you, we go. We

in America North trip anywhere willmotor for kissed. plan won? has our work Over Elaborate maps obligation! charge, no of—free sickle the lift hang low upon grateful moons hands When no. up tr r Ah, with entire * *P> 'whatWe rift L. OiL and routes ih<ittJii&w hills, best your sun; lifegiving the of the God To conditions latest road call river wild geese reedy from And... hotel and marked

rates shore with camp therecattle hills the the of and the God To hisscenic, to guide flight their so wonderful, seems again, spiral-.toricon,—*Jk2, sights—alllists,

call their especially sad to hear more. would be no book, up made Touraide into ItWe bound rains; later early and the Of Conoco Also maps. unfolding Eliminates for you.

... laughter, of Another year and love without whose recharvest, the of expense the card, Lord identification To with Passport

request. information on A sport pain, Fishing, ords. aid to Write now Oil Co. Continental of service in vain. been labor little had in Our faith things to of be; more A

CONOCO TRAVEL BUREAU Dear God, for so much beauty and for

DEPT. 30 DENVER, COLORADO And we reach out hands in help to those longer life...

scantier yield, had a have Who one more For year, we offer thanks to lack, of God's love because whose... Hear the Conoco radio program And Thee.

ours, and with Carveth every Wells Sunday.

thankful hearts has appealed. 6:30 to 7:00 Station p. m., KSL, To our

Salt Lake City. RENEWAL

So, Father, we thank Thee for all Thou hast given By Eva Willes Wangsgard And would transmute praise into deed,

As we share, in thy loving, compassionate HPhe stubbles mellow here beneath the name, * sun.

Thy blessing with those who have need. Their garnered wealth is stored in barn

and mill.

The naked apple trees, their labor done,

Are drowsy neighbors couched upon the

appetite never which to dull, seems the field Nature's Most WithAroundhill. hungry plowshare my

d en Perfect Food RegurgitatingThe goes,steaminglikemoundsa trailingthat gullfall in darkAND ened rows.

[| these graves the colored leaves are Ik

THE MAMPURE AT Economical Too Withintossed SOURCE

FOR HOME DELIVERY—PHONE To waste in death. Throughout the

WASATCH 80 winter night The world shall know marauding winds and frost.

Not so, this loam, for soon the winging white Shall armor it ARDEN DAIRY That may itrestagainstand, theresting,ageoldbe renewed.feud

WESTERN ROYAL VACUUM GLEANER GO. W*k

No Time Like FOR Now to Get in—

Make up to $75 a week It's to no to makeup a day use whentrick you carfl2 your as UseYour "Store on Wheels. area McNesg Farmers buying The Famous Royal Vacuum everything they can from McNess men. Cleaners—also CAR Attractive businessgetting prizes, also

deals moneysaving to customers to Raise Ironers Westinghouse Washers and Belling daily necessities McNess makesnap. a

is This business depressionproof. Your

Supply Start Capital—We Now! PAY 175 City, Utah Lake Thsre'o East Broadway—Salt better no work anywhere—

well, pays need no experience start to re permanent,capital supply get you started Quick.

tart firsthelp making moneyto day. Write fop at once YonM>and PHONE WASATCH 1448 FOR FREE DEMONSTRATION Ness Dealer obligation. Book—tells all—no (375)

HIRST & THOMAS, 341 Adams St., Freeport It

appreciationAn

at dawn, mornThis while By MAY BOOTH TALMAGE scarcely yet awake, remembrance came that this was the

Natal Day of our great Leader could he be other than a man of God daughters who have come to bless that he had reached the milestone—strong in the strength that God our President's home, have I gainedmarked "Four Score."alone can give—wise, tender, helpmuch.

There welled within my soul a ful, sympathetic, when all these Rachel: Far seeing, frank, pracprayer of gratitude and praise for prayers were offered that he might tical, efficient, does honor to her

what his life has meant of uplift be such a man? noble heritage.

and of service to mankind. Perhaps Strange would it be, indeed, Lutie: Sypathetic, generous,

few days have passed in all those should faith like this remain unheedtactful, whose heart is educated eighty years, when someone was not ed! And so my gratitude found new more highly even than is her splencheered or gladdened by some expression in the thought that even did mind. A true neighbor in its

thoughtful, kindly act of his. faith and confidence and prayer of finest sense she proved to be, when

It seemed as though I saw again mine, might have availed in some for almost half a score of years it his mother's radiant face, when, as small measure, to bring lengthened was my blessed privilege to call her she finished reading his most recent life and health and blessing to our mine.

note to her, she smiled and said: Leader who is much beloved. Flo: Typifies the homeloving,

"Unless he comes himself he almost Richly blessed my life has been homemaking mother, and yet with always writes a note to me each day through mingling with his kindred all gives generously to others from which shows his loving thoughtfuland himself. His mother while my the riches of her well stored mind.

ness."neighbor taught me much of cheerAnd who can measure or enumerate

Next came a prayer that God fulness, of patience and implicit faith the joy and comfort given by Edith, would spare him long, and give him and trust in Providence. Ever since through the sharing of her glorious

health and peace, with increased my girlhood, have I shared the blessgift. She knows no cast of rich or

wisdom as the years shall come and ing of his wife's companionship; and poor, of high or lowly born, but ever

go. At once I seemed to feel that her fine intellect and spirit as well goes to place of sorrow or of mirth

mine was only one of half a million as rich experiences and opportunto love, to serve, to bless.

who, this day, were praying thus. ities that have come to me through With Anna we have shared a gift

A multitude with hearts in unison, her, have left sweet memories that of more material kind—delicious

asking the same great boon. How are priceless. From the ten lovely ( Continued on page 720

The Heroic Men of the Soil Have Built the Great PermanentWest

Those who chetish their land heritage and who cultivate the good earth to make possible the very life and being of the nation, have

America's thanks and tribute.

And companion to these men have been the makers and distributors of farm equipment. It is fortunate for us that such men as Heber J.

Grant, cofounder of GrantOdell & Co., had faith enough in the soil

of the West to invest their capital and efforts in an industry that makes the work of the farmer more productive.

GrantOdell & Company later became the Consolidated Wagon &

Machine Company, which pioneer institution is ready to serve the heroic men of the soil today, as for a generation past.

s?n CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO.

Salt Lake City, Utah

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

AN APPRECIATION By HelenWAR?Smith

(Continued from page 719) The War God came down, A scowl and a frown viands prepared by her own capable charming girls on a vacation trip. On his features, distorted with wrath;

hands, and many homes are richer 'Twas Frances'trousseau they had His armament shone in happiness because the things she come to make, but Frances had her AsIn hisbrighttrainas werethe sun,destruction and death. music so thoughts amid theknew well she taught to makers clouds—on scattered the seed planHeof these Emily homes. so gifted or on Wallace, greed and Of hatred

To Mary, the ever calm and ned and wrought as though by magic. In the hearts of the children of men;

placid daughter, I am much indebtOf course she let all of us help just The fruitage they bore ed. She gives me treasures from the a little on the lovely things that are Was bloodshed and war

deep springs of her intellect and so thrilling to girls'hearts, and so And suffering, sorrow, and pain.

harbor Oh, no morespirit stitching the refresh that furnthe and music soul and and the my spirit of war, The short for association ofish food future close those few thought through gives it its birth, hatred which Or the days. weeks, brought friendship that beFor Peace in each heart

"Aunt"Emily's daughters I have came more valued with the years Alone can impart not known so well, yet have loved that came and went, while Emily still Lasting Peace to the nations of earth.

and admired them for their poise was here.

and charming personality. More Among the fourth generation

than thankful have I been for luck there are some whom I have known or chance or circumstance that the and loved from their childhood until younger two came to live beneath now, when they bring their babies the same roof in lovely Deseret, for to make friends with me. Besides (Eariia

several weeks. They came thither all this, the daughters chose their

while I chaperoned a group of husbands from among the families for 1030

If of former seen our yon have friends. In several instances of my not, their years yon know cardsvalues—If

surprised."pleasantly will generations on have be "you known five OFFER WE are now, and ready They three or two. others both sides—inI A ENGRAVCOMPLETE priced to PLEASE YOU

for President so at these beautiful cards Grant and See And ING SERVICE to order It pays convenience. yourEARLY.earliest portraits to th largest all From missionary his share honored name we who

catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. pray like Tiny Tim, "God Bless You Salt Lake Stamp Co.

3097 West Every One."43i/2 CO. ENGRAVING UTAH Bdwy.—WasCITY, UTAH SALT LAKE 120 Regent St. Utah Salt Lake City, November 22, 1936.

"The ERA Tells the Church About the Church"

and every Latterday Saint home needs this general Church

Magazine to keev informed on...

Official Statements of the General Music in the Church

Authorities Contemporary "Mormon''Fiction

Progress of the Church Security Contemporary Poetry

Program The Mutual Improvement

Priesthood Activities Associations

World Events Interpreted in the Ward Teaching

Light of the Gospel Church History

Doctrinal Discussions And Many Other Features

Make your subscription start with this issue—one

of the largest and most colorful in ERA history.

GIVE AN ERA SUBSCRIPTION FOR CHRISTMAS

ERA THE HEBER GRANTIMPROVEMENTEditors RICHARD A. J.WIDTSOEk.l JOHN MARBA C. L.JOSEPHSON,EVANS, ManagingAssociateEditorEditor

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

i n Ui, i || i.ll It tl II H """""—m——1|——II-,<(—U—H H—|—w- H.i mi—||—H—M i il—II 'W II II "

Congratulate We

President Grant

on his Eightieth Bivthda CAnniversary

f I T is with the utmost pleasure that we extend our best wishes and congratvX ulations to President Heber J. Grant on attaining his eightieth birthday

anniversary. We wish him many more years of joy in his labors, bringing many

more laurels to the Church and adding further distinction to a truly great career.

President Grant has manifested a most progressive interest in the welfare of

The Deseret News. Under his direction, an expansion program has recently

been carried out which has given to The Deseret News the finest printing press and auxiliary equipment which science has produced.

New modern type faces have been added to the paper, making The Deseret

News easy to read and modern in appearance. The Saturday Deseret News has

been greatly enlarged, featuring colored comics, colored magazine pages, and many other attractions. The Church section is one feature of this Saturday paper

which is a valuable addition to every Church member's library and reading list.

It will continue to be the policy of this paper to publish complete news coverage, and such advertisements as are clean and wholesome, making the paper one that both old and young may read with safety and confidence.

We invite your continued subscription to this clean, progressive paper.

Sty? Sbamt TSmz

I t II <> n i|| i || ii || U.—Mi-i n II itl—i—II III ii ii ||i"wi |h—'ll—II"—II It!!-SSh "—"——"- fcll—ii II ||i If H I ||H

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

TO PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT The light increases... knoll and field,

By Ruth May Fox AllIn newfoundthat the nightwonderhad keptis revealed.from me,

the clouds shell pink above day President of the Y. W. M. I. A. The

... there So delicately woven

in night lace the spun A fragile in the land? Prophet XT 7hat? A

... fingers air the deft the of

Prophet, Seer, a Yes, the sun's first ray. with touched and Revelator, ByAre now

One called of God And light, and light increasing

To cry repentance to an unbelieving world, Until at last each leaf and blossom

To publish peace and show the way to endAndAll thatspiretheof nightrock standshad coveredclear:

less joy, Is uncovered here...

Proclaim that God is good and ever kind, In one short hour another world

A loving Father, tender, just, and true, Has been discovered.

yet this beauty beyond name revealed, seen I have found, have Vbritnias;3og StrivingAnd leadto himsavesafelythe erringto theoneglorious goal. ThatAnd

All night has been here, all unseen,

Eighty times the years have marked the day A thousand thousand nights the same,

Since first he breathed the air of mortal And tone,would have been here, perfect every life—Had I not wakened for it, or, This A blessed day for heaven and earth. Had I remained unborn, or never known.

His Lord's commands he has fulfilled. I say that I have found a world all new

Full years frail of industry, integrity, and love. For see eyes to my

all years! YearEightyEighty years of service to mankindBecausepossiblethe morning light has made it existed has the ages through. What

order your CHRISTMAS And still with princely poise and ringing I wonder then what untold beauties voice been missed Have because my soul CARDS early. There is a

on; slumbers He thrills his hearers with the word of God, Still

definite advantage in making Bears testimony to His eternal plan What obvious truths of life are still its your selection while our With power and majesty, Becausemysteriesthe frail eyes of my mind stock is complete. You get With power no mortal can gainsay. Must wait the dawn.

just the card you want, at With loving greetings we shout all hail the price you want to pay, To thee, our honored president. HIS PROMISE REPEATED

and you are free to attend to Again we say all hail—By Hilda James Worley

the other many details inciWith joyous heart and generous hand is some, "Cor but time to autumn a mourn hast served us faithfully. long and dental to the the Thou approach of *- passing of the in The beauty born thy years lengthened be May thy life and

spring holidays. Come W. in NO renewed

is the somber earth season shorn when A

Until all nations shall have heard thy voice, Of all green leafiness and blossoming;

And God, the Father, speaks the word: But others look beyond the falling leaves.

"Come thou hither; it is enough."To them,strife each golden husk caught in the

shell saffron life. of devoid A withered any MEDITATION AT soul remains within DAWN The the tree, darkened THE DESERET Of winds is but a shell that earth retrieves By Herbert H. McKusick in far slumber, low Bowed the beyond view

mortal In this eye. Of sanctuary a faint tracery of light "PiRST dreams of radiant spring and life anew. the Above faroff sleeping peaks It NEWS PRESS -1-

the Creates mountains out of night. of Lord teeming harvests that Oh reap! we PRINTERS PIONEER hills nearer The come into view is This promise a repeated thee: by now

I find... a valley intervenes... That death OF brings with AND BINDERS eternal it not sleep,

life renewed—sweet immortality! THE WEST And ever, in a world all new But

29 Richards Street Salt Lake City. MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

f CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

M JLZt kZTe e THE MISSIONARY WORK OF even before the organization of the

There is one safe guide to THE CHURCH Church, some of them even before the

Priesthood restored, to the was came the 1829, year Tn the of when work I DIAMOND VALUES youthful Prophet, Smith, Joseph and restoration of the Gospel under was It is the name offered their services, asking to him the report circulated way and been had that the Lord had spoken from the make inquiry by Utim and Thummim heavens and was about to restore the of the Lord as to the nature of the they might in furthering the do fulness the of in work as given Gospel PARK! it was BOYD cause which impressed had In them. primitive times, there were a few men JEWELERS y/ each instance the that answer "a was STREET I 166 MAIN BLDG. BOYD PARK this that convinced who were report

and marvelous work"was about was these were Josgreat true. Among men Terms

forth to come the children of among to suit your convenience Senior, Smith, * eph sons and his Hyrum

Permanent full price exchange and Samuel, also Oliver Cowdery, men. The Lord declared that the field

privilege Joseph Knight, and several of the sons was white already to harvest, "thereof Peter Whitmer, Senior. These men, (Concluded on page 724)

officers and employees of this company join in extendingTHEfelicitations to President Heber J. Grant on the occasion of

his eightieth birthday.

President Grant was one of the founders of the UtahIdaho Sugar company in 1889, and has been associated with it continuously ever since, serving as its president during the past 18 years.

It may be proudly said that he has contributed in no small degree to the development of the beet sugar industry, which has grown so greatly and now is such an important factor in the agricultural life of this country.

TAHIDAHO SUGAR CO.

Salt Lake City

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD ofvariousChristianitychurches.by theIf ministersthat wereoftrue,the

(Continued from page 722) then the word of the Lord would have failed. The "Gospel of the Kingdom"

fore whoso desireth to reap let him clared that he "hath made of one blood is the message to be preached in all the thrust in his sickle with his might, and all nations of men for to dwell on all world, before Christ shall come and reap while the day lasts, that he may the face of the earth, and hath determake an end to wickedness. This Gostreasure up for his soul everlasting salmined the times before appointed, and pel can only be preached by those who

vation in the kingdom of God."All the bounds of their habitation."Moreare witnesses of that truth. They have

who were willing to do this were to over, Paul also taught the Greeks that to be men with a testimony that God be called of God, and their commission all men "are the offspring of God."lives, that Jesus Christ is his Only

and appointment were to be the keepThis being true then it is only natural Begotten Son. They have to be witing of the commandments of the Lord that the Father would have an interest nesses of the restoration, of the "great

and the seeking "to bring forth and in the salvation of all mankind and call and marvelous work."To be such a

establish the cause of Zion."Moreupon His servants to spend their time witness the missionary must know by

over, the Lord said: "And no one can in declaring the message of His Only the power of the Holy Ghost that the

assist in this work except he shall be Begotten Son to the world so that all Lord has spoken again from the heavhumble and full of love, having faith, may have the opportunity of hearing ens, and that this Gospel of the kinghope and charity, being temperate in all and receiving that message if they will. dom is being preached again rather than

things, whatsoever shall be entrusted to On the other hand, if they are duly continuously since the days of the anhis care."warned, then they are left without excient Apostles. This is a new proclaIn this spirit the early missionaries of cuse and the messengers of salvation mation of the old truths, for the Gospel

the Church went forth. Their labors at who are sent unto the world are cleared of the kingdom does not change. The

first were of a local nature in the settlefrom the blood of all the rebellious. principles of the everlasting Gospel are

ments in which they lived. Gradually One of the obligations placed upon immutable. While there are some tothe work spread until it was eventually the Elders of Israel in the Dispensation day, as it was in the days of Peter and

carried into Canada and across the of the Fulness of Times, in which we Paul, who would change the Gospel,

Atlantic and into almost all civilized are now living, was to preach this Gosand who feel that the old truths and lands. Out of these lands have come pel to all the world. This preaching ordinances have outlived their usefulthousands, and tens of thousands, fulis to be "for a witness unto all nations'ness in this great age of mechanics and

filling the prophetic utterances of Isaiah before the end of unrighteousness shall scientific lore, yet the truth persists, and Micah and other prophets in recome. In order that the message shall that "there is one God in heaven, who

lation to the gathering of Israel and the go forth "as a witness unto all nations"is infinite and eternal, from everlasting preaching of the Gospel in these latter it becomes necessary that those who to everlasting the same unchangeable days. carry it must have some potent power God, and framer of the heaven and the

The importance of missionary work and knowledge, which constitutes the earth, and all things which are in them."

cannot be stressed too greatly. Our authority and virtue of a witness, in As this is true, then we must look

obligation to the peoples of the world some very definite and peculiar way. for a Gospel which does not change; a

transcends many other duties and obliAnother thing of great significance in plan of salvation which is the same all gations which appear to us, at times, as these words of the Savior, is the fact down through the ages. This is the

eing of far greater importance. In that when this "witness"has been deeverlasting Gospel, spoken of by the

fact there is no greater obligation than clared to all nations, then the end shall Lord before the Church was organized, that of proclaiming the everlasting Goscome! as "a great and marvelous work about

earth. the inhabitants of to thepel children of forth to the come among We revelation In to the Smith Joseph

all dechildren of the Paul itare God. children the men."been among Had this dealing with and prophecy comit all ages, then the of men down is the explanation of mandment, what

in this dispenforth,"not could "come is It is given. "the the end"meant by

it sation. the not found on That was MEMBERS earth. of the This wickedness end upon

Stock Exchange religious teachthe earth, instead York but New will at Christ. the of place take coming (Assoc.) Curb York New of ings philosophies which and men of Trade Board Chicago It is is clear to that come, not very He of Exchange the Kingforeign to Stock the Gospel were Salt Lake until then, the "witness the of Gospel"(Assoc.) Stock Exchange Angeles Los is the proclaimed, being dom, were all in the world. declared has Just been

in could the reason 1829 Lord why will that take, long or K - what by how STOC of great marvelous speak and a work other those than means, employed, now forth. to d which about was come the not know. do However, when we X then, obligation, great placed > The is satisfied that the the of witness Lord I this is to that see the upon Church "great marvelous m has and been work"m z is properly "great marvelous and work"

c all carried the to the harvest world, and MEMBERS all in the world. proclaimed Every is finished, will Christ the then come;

facility at should be our command will cleansed, earth Millennial the be Our misof army The Israel—the will reign rightin ushered the be and their in forth go 2ist Year used.sionaries—should shall earth. the eous possess

as brokers of A great many people in the world might."voice ofThewarningLord hasshallsaidbe thatunto thisall

Stocks-, Bonds believe that the message of the Gospel people, by the mouths of my disciples,

Commodities has been carried into all the world. In whom I haVe chosen in these last days.

fact, they believe that this had been And they shall go forth and none shall for I them, comhave the Lord CO. accomplished long ago by the preaching stay A. HOGLE & J. to dehas tried them."Satan manded Exchange New York Stock Members

stroy this work but it will go forth until

Established 1915 all the words of our Redeemer are ful182 So. Main Salt Lake City filled. Against it, many weapons have

been used. They have all failed, as

OFFICES they must fail, but we should remember

Beverly Hills Los Angeles that the responsibility is upon us, ye

Bakersfield San Diego V> Elders of Israel, to see that this mesSalt Lake Ogden sage is declared in righteousness to every creature.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

"There is a peculiar dignity attached to the gift of a book that is in no way affected by its price

Give Books for Christmas As another Christmas nears, the Deseret Book Company, FICTION. Stories of every sort—thousands of them

your book store, suggests that you give books for for young and old. Long stories and short—tragic and

Christmas. A book, carefully chosen, enhances the bond comic—romantic and realistic—the newest novels as well

of friendship as few other gifts can. as the timetested classics.

Naturally, you will be able to choose your books better NONFICTION. Every field of human activity is repfrom the store which has the most and the best books. resented among our nonfiction books. Here you will

The Deseret Book Company has the largest stock of find a vast selection of the best books in many fields:

books between Denver and the Pacific Coast. There are Biography, history, poetry, philosophy, science, travel.

three floors of books waiting for you here. Furthermore, RELIGIOUS. We are headquarters for all L. D. S.

our publishing connections, extending as they do all the books, including standard works, church history, lives of way to London, assure our ability to get for you any the leaders, commentaries, and text books. In addition,

book you may wish. we have many other books on religion and philosophy.

PERSONAL MOVIES. Making GIFTS. We have a complete gift shop, RADIOS AND TYPEWRITERS.

typewriter or portable is a movies showing yourand own A radio is where you will find suitable gifts for evthrills. lasting source constant of pleasure source of new and util-a

We carry a complete line of Filmo eryone on your list. Here are a few ity to the person receiving it. We

cameras and projectors, made by suggestions: Stationery, electric clocks, carry Philco and also Emerson

Bell manufacturers 8C Howell, studio of bookends, leather goods, cameras, pen Tablewriter Radios.line consistsOur ofportablethree typelead-Hollywood's movie equipment. Make this a Filmo Christand pencil sets, table lamps, pottery. ing makes: Remington, Undermas. Choose your gifts early. wood, and Royal.

WE SPECIALIZE ON MAIL ORDERS

44 East on South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

lesson outlines and published on this

THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW pageTheseveralstandardstimes setduringby thethe pastPresidingyear.

) the adoption of A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the Bishopric include ( 1

Lord's Law of Health a definite program of quorum procedure in accordance with the recommendations in the quorum manuals; ( 2

the adoption of a yearly program of grade highest tenTOBACCO AND MENTAL Average social activities; fraternal and (3) an

Smokers 78.9EFFICIENCY average attendance record or of 60%

In summarizing a study made of 950 for the year; more or (4) have 75% Superintendent H. D. by A survey boys, nonsmokers, Dr. fill smokers and assignmore of quorum members** Massachusetts, Harvey of Maiden,

of the effects of tobacco upon pupils of O'Shea says: ments; (5) have 75% or more members

his community is given as follows: 1. Smokers are distinctly older than observe the Word of Wisdom; (6)

of or more members quorum 75% in the same classes, having have Nonnon-smokers tithing; ( who earn money pay failed more frequently. Smokers Smokers 7 ) have

or parmembers more quorum 50% 15Excellent Work.... in School 2. are doing distinctly Smokers in ticipate sertwo quorum or more in 2 SchoolGood Work 14 poorer nonsmokers. work than vice projects..12 11 inFair School Work

3. disciplined are Smokers more in 26 SchoolPoor Work

Failed of Promotions frequently and for more serious ofOnce 8 6 fenses than nonsmokers.

Twice 14 1 At Yale University—Tobacco users

Three times. 8 composed 85% of the division receiving

Four times 1 lowest school grades, while in the highest division smokers made only reports Dr. on 400 O'Shea M. V. grades. school 25% of better

boys, schoolhigh 200 smokers 200 and nonsmokers. 90% of all honor students were nonNon- smokers.

Smokers Smokers It is significant in of that every one 79 promotions 2No foregoing the a reports as smokers 18 grades 3Low inferior group are to to nonbe shown 10Truants in their intellectual smokers accom- 2 19 ageOver in college. plishments school and thinkers 19 3Slow

Poor workers 17 record in the Deerof 256 boys In a field Park, STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD School, Highland High

Illinois, CHAIRMEN TO RECOMMEND

Average Grade STANDARD QUORUMS77 had never smoked 84.5

the Standbeginning of 1936 the At24 had quit smoking 80.5 "ard was announced Quorum Award

55 habitual smokers 76.0 by the Presiding Bishopric. This

45 habitual smokers who quit award, an attractively embellished cerschool 60.0 tificate, is to be awarded to everyAverage grade highest ten Nonquorum in the Church which has met A LEADER...

smokers 90.0 the standards set forth in the quorum FOR 10 YEARS

of every Back G & M STOKERMATICin the field experience years'ten stands of stoker manufacturing. Many of the

original models are working today just as efficiently, just as economically as they did the first season they were installed.

Engineering achievement has kept STOKthe ERMATIC inspect yourself; for leader STOKERMATICfor ten years. Seein

action. CRANE CO. A Product of

IN ITS THE STOKERMATIC 81ST YEAR COMPANY IS HAPPY TO EXTEND ITS GRAY & MURDOCK

FELICITATIONS 1415MFG.South StateCO.St.

TO Salt Lake City PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

ON HIS 80TH BIRTHDAY

iau. -"'*!l > $.*#*&*

''Lv-,:':.:;': '

lfjjl,atf

'""? i BR WIS

-imW0M:..v;-:::-i:: '..-,m:

a.:. If1 Swi

*.?'";feiK

*;'*;l lar < * d f %:'"::::::'-'""- 'i

*.*

Throngs leaving the Temple Block following a General Conference of the Mormon Church

>c His Voice Transcends A.

NJI The Walls of Temple Square.... FP

In the historic Tabernacle on Temple through KSL's 50,000 watts his words and

Square, President Heber J. Grant stands the words of those who follow him go to

before the pulpit over which, each April the homes of the Saints through the length and October, the advice and counsel of and breadth of the land.

the General Authorities of the Church pass to hundreds of thousands of memExclusively over KSL, every general bers of the Mormon faith. Only a small session of conference has been broadcast

fraction of them can be seated in the for twentynine consecutive times! It is a

great Tabernacle. service that KSL is proud to perform, a

The President speaks. His voice trancontribution that helps make this station

scends the walls of Temple Square, and truly the Voice of the West

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE OF THE WEST r.*,4, >*.-- 50,000 WATTS KSL

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY A NEW CONVERT FOR BACH!

cake and ice cream to a close; claim characteristics drawn lengthy recital had of the which we SINCERE—one all LatThe students the is the teacher cultivate assiduously and was bidding pronounced should terday Saints been served, had

with a short i as in the word it and a long e as in the word eat. goodbye. One of the little performers had brought her small

Sincerity, however, is another matter. The i remains the brother with her. As he was about to leave, the teacher beamsame but the e changes to sound as it would in the word met; ingly said, "Well, Bobby, did you enjoy the recital?"

the y has the sound as in the word it. The accent comes on "Yes,"answered Bobby, "all but the music."

it correctly. to say be careful the we should e—so

<$>- don't mispronounce it, but many you is first syllable with the that think synonymous Cranberry—probablyshortpeople young

it use the to year the season of when we due in met, the in cat, e as as pronounced a is socram—probablyliberally. The

and the y as in it. Accent the first syllable, being sure that

you use an n rather than an m.

SNOWFLAKE FIRST STAKE TO REPORT OVER

THE TOP IN "ERA"DRIVE SUPERINTENDENT Albert E. Bowen received the following

wire Monday, October 12, from President Samuel F. Smith

of Snowflake Stake:

"every ward snowflake stake over top before noon yesterday.—virgil m. flake, nellie g. merrill, era

directors."

Congratulations to President Smith and his Snowflake workers for this great missionary achievement—reporting every

ward over within six hours after the campaign started!

ST. GEORGE FIRST STAKE TO HAVE FULL SUBSCRIPTION QUOTA REACH ERA OFFICE FAIR WARNING

Sisters Lida Prince and Edith Seegmiller reported by teleKind gentleman (to the little boy eating apples): "Look

phone at 5:00 p. m., October 13, that St. George stake out for the worms, little boy."

is over the top with full 100% of their stake quota. They Little Boy: "When I eat an apple, the worms have to

also reported that every ward in that stake has reached its look out for themselves."

full quota with the exception of one.

the by Ocreported subscriptions reached Era office The the top DOUBLE CHECK, BUT NO CHECK over stake the first 15th, George tober making St.

is concerned. record subscription far as our office as

Bentley to Congratulations and St. George, on SONhome.in college was applying pressure for more money from Pres. W. O.

placing the "Churchwide missionary"in the homes of your "I can not understand why you call yourself a kind father,"people. he wrote his dad, "when you haven't sent me a check for three

<S> weeks. What kind of kindness do you call that?"

letter. "That's unremitting kindness,"wrote—Capper'sthe fatherWeekly.in his next My dear Mrs. Widtsoe:Firth, R. 1, Idaho, September 21, 1936.

and Era, sickness Improvement the August reading SINCE -<$>- of your our home, have visited death but my appreciation article, "Your Birthright,"is undimmed.

How I thrilled at every word of it and how true I know it is! Isn't it heartbreaking to think of the sons of pioneers

being in CCC camps?

I am preserving the article. I hope my boys will read it

about once a year. There are five of them. My father came

across the plains with the handcart company and, while I do not wish to coerce the boys into being farmers if they feel called to some other field, I'd like them to realize what land is worth and never let it pass into other hands. I know that

your article will help as nothing else can to impress upon them the great value of land, even an acre of it.

Cordially, (Signed) Agnes Just Reid.

MATRIMONIAL PARSIMONY Customer: "I want a nice present for my husband. What

do you advise?"

Shopkeeper: "May I ask how long you have been married, news item mentions the case of a New York man who

life started errandboy as an and has an made now been madam?"A

life just editor. of starting the danger shows This as an Customer: "Oh, about fifteen years."

Shopkeeper: "Bargain counter in the—Leedsbasement,Mercury.madam."errandboy.

A MIRACLE? SYMPTOM, NOT CAUSE

relief, feeling of considerable a from a mediwe learn "What do you think of a man who is constantly With Madge:

cal publicist's affect hairdyes the column that do not his wife?"deceiving Jack: "He is a marvel."brain, if any.—Detroit News.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

L. D. S. CHURCH ADMINISTRATION BUILDING

<2 President Heber J. Grant, ardent churchman,

able administrator, admired and respected, we extend our sincere wishes

for many more years of vigorous health, personal happiness and leadership of a great people.

WALKER BANK & TRUST COMPANY Salt Lake City MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

THEXIMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936 V

Promise A and a Fulfillment

The prophetic words of a Deseret News editorial on the day of this bank's opening, October 1, 1873, have been amply fulfilled: "Zion's Savings

Bank & Trust Company promises to be one of the most important and beneficial institutions ever established in the Territory or in this part of ( the Union."

Back in those early days in the life of "Zion's,"Heber J. Grant, now the revered

leader of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was errand boy, janitor, bookkeeper, teller, and assistant cashier—"all rolled into one."

Utah was a new country then. Ox teams and covered wagons were familiar objects on Salt Lake City's streets. Irrigation was in its infancy; mining had scarcely

made a beginning; the pioneers were pushing into distant mountain valleys, laying

the foundation for a great commonwealth.

During these sixtythree intervening years, "Zion's"has truly wielded a potent influence in two basic directions: It has stimulated thrift through savings and

made possible great industrial expansion by timely loans.

Guiding this institution through fair weather and foul, have always stood men of character and sound judgment... men like its present leaders.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO,

Salt Lake City, Utah HEBER J. GRANT, President

730 fV THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

To President Heber J. Grant

An Appreciation

FEW months ago one of the proudest moments of my life came to me as

I opened a book which had just been sent with the compliments of A President Heber J. Grant.

I mention this incident here because, to me, it is an index of his kindly and admirable character. He fills the exalted office of President of his Church with

ability, dignity and honor. His days are crowded with pressing demands upon

his time. Yet he could be thoughtful enough and gracious enough to send me a

book which he believed I would like. And I understand that I am by no means

the only recipient of such gifts at his generous hand.

Needless to say, I cherish that book as one of my most prized possessions. It is a

work on philosophy, written by a man not of President Grant's faith. And this

illustrates another trait of his character—a broad tolerance that allows him to

seek and to hold to truths from whatever source. This, I think, is one reason

why President Grant is held in such high esteem by nonmembers as well as members of the Church he so ably leads.

Not only in ecclesiastic affairs is he a stalwart leader, but in economic activities as well. He has always been an ardent advocate of home industry, believing

wholeheartedly in the encouragement and support of local enterprises. In the

course of his lifetime he has seen the fruits of such a policy in the splendid growth of our city and state and entire intermountain region.

It is a source of pride to me personally to have been in harmony with that idea on the importance of home industry throughout the more than 40 years I have operated a 100% homeowned business here.

It gives me great personal pleasure to express to President Grant, in behalf of the establishment I represent, our sincerest wishes for his continued health and happiness.

President and Owner Royal Baking Company Salt Lake and Ogden 100% HomeOwned

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

csin Appreciation of two Great Leaders

"The capitalists may say, 'What are we to do with our means?'Go and build

factories and have one, two or three thousand spindles going... and raise wool."

—Brigham Young.

"Brigham Young was the leading spirit in creating local industries and advocating their support. From the time I was 17 until the Provo Woolen Mills closed down,

I never wore but one suit of clothes, the cloth of which was not made in the

Provo Woolen Mills."—Heber J. Grant.

two men who have ever Jack Frost woolen goods are NOlived in this region have made from wool as it comes done more to encourage and right off the sheeps'backs. A

support home industry than hearty buying response to this

Brigham Young and Heber J. policy enables us to give perGrant. manent employment to approxIn grateful appreciation of such imately four hundred workers,

support the management of the besides furnishing a ready home

Original Utah Woolen Mills, exmarket to intermountain wool tends congratulations to Presigrowers for hundreds of thoudent Grant on the occasion of sands of pounds of wool his eightieth birthday. each year.

The owners of this company, comprising To purchase Jack Frost Blankets, Auto Robes, scores of representative western citizens, includMen's Suits and Overcoats, Ladies'Knit Dresses ing sheepmen, farmers, professional men, busiand suits, lingerie, sweaters and Jack Frost knit ness men and others, have invested several hunapparel for the entire family, write to the home dred thousand dollars in buildings, machinery, office or look up the Jack Frost representative equipment and raw materials to produce for the near you, wherever you may live in twenty westwest an incomparable line of woolen blankets, ern states and Alaska. He will be glad to show

and stylish knit apparel for every member of the you samples of this line.

family.

Briant Stringham, Manager The Original UTAH WOOLEN MILLS 2430 Richards Street Opposite Tabernacle Gates

Salt Lake City THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

Sketched above is the birthplace of President

Grant which stood between South

First South Streets in Salt Lake which was removed in 1867 td make 'irst building unit of Z. C. M. I.

ofhe [Birthplace of (greatness

/fT)N the ground which marks the birthplace of a great \ y religious and civic leader, has grown an important mercantile institution... of which that leader, Heber J.

Grant, is now President.

Founded as a cooperative institution under the leadership of Brigham Young, this company has stood for finest service, quality merchandise and fair treatment to all, for nearly three quarters of a century. Like the respected

leaders who have served and who now serve at its head, this institution has gone through every test of prosperity and adversity, steadily gaining respect and prestige with the advancing years.

ZCMISALT LAKE CITY THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

1B50103B Slj? Pimtwritui spirit Ute* n

To President Heber J. Grant:

| HE eightieth anniversary of your birthday is an occasion for joy.

Joy at the opportunity to honor a distinguished churchman and useful citizen. Joy at the opportunity to express the love and

affection people of the Intermountain West hold for you. Joy at the

opportunity to reiterate faith in the vast western empire which has been so splendidly developed through the courage and resourcefulness of Presidents of the Mormon Church. A true son of the West, your life activities are an

inspiration to your fellows.

The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad, inseparably associated with the growth and advancement of Utah and Colorado, greets you as a comrade. The Rio Grande was the frbaby road"when you attained the

full flush of young manhood. It has marched side by side with you

through eventful years; constructing lines into mining camps which were

then but prospects; affording transportation to agricultural areas which

were then but desert wastes. Conceived and built under the leadership

of General William J. Palmer, Colorado pioneer, whose life, character

and accomplishments closely parallel your own, the Rio Grande feels with you that sturdy foundations presage a brilliant future for the Utah you love and serve so well.

The pioneering spirit lives on! May your life be one of continuing

usefulness, may the Rio Grande always merit the warm friendship you have so generously bestowed in decades past.

DENVER AND RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

By Wilson McCarthy Henry Swan Trustees

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

PROGRESS

Wuung

the

jJifeiiYnz of a GREAT 1B5H 1030 LEADER

As a churchman, business man, orhas seen, and has contributed to, the ganizer and administrator, President epic growth of the great intermounHeber J. Grant has brought rare tain empire, founded under the leadqualities of leadership to a host of ership of one of his inspired preactivities. decessors. He has seen the development of small struggling villages into

His career is a brilliant and inspirbusy cities—the transformation ofing example of what can be achieved

desert wastes to fruitful farm lands by hard work and determination unthe expansion of crude factories into der the guidance of right thinking farreaching industries—the estaband right living.

lishment of many new enterprises

His qualities of heart and mind have the growth of his beloved Church won the enduring love and devotion from a few thousand souls to more of Latterday Saints everywhere. than half a million!

And, possessing the highest esteem On the occasion of President Grant's of nonmembers in all walks of life, eightieth birthday we extend to him he is bringing to the Church he leads our sincere wishes for many more an everincreasing respect in the eyes years of good health, personal hapof the world.

piness and cherished service to the

In the course of his eighty years he people he leads and loves.

UTAH OIL REFINING CO Salt Lake City

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1936

Wt Cherish

our association with

president Wsstx j. irant

yhurchurcnman

xecutiveventltemail

cfrtendUNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

I -"H- -II H- Iat

<7 N this issue The Utah Power & Light Company joins in extending good wishes to a

I prominent leader on the occasion of his eightieth birthday.

I Out of more than a quarter of a century in which The Utah Power & Light Company has served this territory, observing and rejoicing in its growth, it recognizes the worth and influence of a man who has exercised more than usual aggressiveness in furthering both material and spiritual welfare of a large group of people.

It recognizes the man's genius for organization; his untiring efforts toward developing

the state's resources, and encouraging and preserving industries already established; recognizes the support he has given the artist,

the poet and musician, and all those civic and regional undertakings that broaden and stabilize in their finest sense.

The Utah Power 6c Light Company congratulates President Heber J. Grant on his birthday,

and wishes him many more of them.

i

I

JL, i of the Hills The Strength The Beneficial Life Insurance Company, grown If you want to strengthen YOUR economic poto maturity under the shadow of the mountains, sition, a Beneficial agent will be pleased to show is a tower of strength to its thousands of policyyou how you may do so through a planned life holders who own insurance protection at its best. insurance program with this strong company.

St Vy d*,J> & S>

<U\

lis--:-.-";

- IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY i IT'S THE...;; BEST

INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

i:KaiM6ajk,

leMinmmfli in somAnei C iAIAIf

Heber J. Grant. President Home Office—Beneficial Life Bloc. Salt Lake City. Utah