"THE THIEF ON THE By GEORGE REYNOLDS, in

Vol. I. The Glory

i IMPRO n 2 ERA. p 2u I Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

It g. "PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

F. Business Heber Jos. J. Grant, [ Smith, [pj> '"''- B. \ Managers. Roberts, H. Thos. Hull, S

Janiaary,'189S.

Z'"m?ao—TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Ingersoll's "Best Argument Ever ADVANCr-o JoX Against Christianity,"Charles IV. Penrose, 145

r"European Diplomacy, Prof. J. M. Tanner, 165 T

The New Year. A Poem, The Casquet, 171 Or"Religious Faiths—III. The Doctrines and CO

(O Claims of the Episcopal Church Rev. J. B. Halsey, 172 |f|

111 Time's Song. A Poem Anon, 185 Q) A Plea for Fiction, NeJ>hi Anderson, 186

The Exchange. A Poem,. T Coleridge, 188—

jj Bible Studies, III Nephi L. Morris, 189 "1

Young Characters in History, Prof. Willard Done, 196 HIQ Statehood and How it was Achieved, Hon. Wm. H. King, 201

Editor's Table—The Success of the Era; Free

Eras for Missionaries; Best Thought SymEDH posium; Nebuchadnezzar's Dream; Notes 5HJ on the President's Message, 204216

%0 Our Work—Napoleon on the Character of 'P J Christ; Uses of the Improvement Fund; M. (DmO

?D Events OF THE Month, Thomas Hull, 221224 5 I. A. Mission Work:; 217220 p|.

o DO SA.XiT IJ.A.ICE CITY:

CO 313 & 214 TEIvIPEEXON BLD'G. J pO

Published Monthly. $2 per Annum.?

"Polity of the Presbyterian Church,"

By REV. N. E. CLEMENSON. in Next No. Of ERA.

A NEW WITNESS FOR

bV b. p. \mmT%

Author of OUTLINES of ECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY.

A GREAT BOOK FOR LATTERDAY SAINTS:

It has been called "A Masterly Presentation of the Argument for Mormonism."

It is adapted for Seventies and Elders.

Is of especial value to Elders going on missions.

Suited to Mutual Improvement Societies.

Designed for general circulation.

"The volume is a valuable addition to Church literature, possessing more than ordinaryinterest for young men and women andreaders of vigorous thought. An acquaintance with

AND UNDERSTANDING OF THE NATURE OF ITS CONTENTS SHOULD BK A PART OF THE EDUCATION OF EVERY Latterday Saint, of each person interested in obtaining an accurate view of ihe genius which inspires the Mormon people, and of all who value their moral and spiritual welfare in the present and future life. Deseret Evening News, Dec. 2r, rSg'j.'

Price, post paid, $l.50. Send your orders to tiie ERA

office, Templeton Blocic, Salt Lake City.

IBEp MoDei] all HomeLUMBER, Wholesale and Retail. By Insuring in the

MILL WORK A SPECIALTY.

TAYLOR, HOME ROMNEY, ARIVISTRONG FIRE COiVIPANY.

Office & Yards OFUTAH Cor. of S. Temple & 2d West,

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., TELEPHONE 267.

SALT L AKE CITY. General Agents.

I buy and sell Z. C. M. I. Stock,.

JOHN C, CUIlE!l Jr. Des't. Nat Bank stock, Utah Sugar

STOCKS AND INVESTMENTS stocksCo. Stock,boughtandandanysold.dividend paying

GOOD INVESTMENTS FOR HOME MONEY.

Telephone 127. 36 South Main St., Salt Lake Gity

Either Scientific or Universal BLICKEN8DERFER TYPEWRITER Keyboard.

Equals any of the highpriced machines in capacity and quality of work and excels them in convenience. Excellent manifolder. Interchangeable type. Direct printing and inking. Writing always in sight. Perfect alignment. Most durable machine made. Call

and see it.

STRINGAIVI BROS. & CO.

state stgearxts.

Home Fire Building, 2026 South Main St., "

RftlLROflD. LINE OR&GON SHORTlaa. effect Tvuly 25, a.S9'7',

Traios arrive and depart at Salt Lake City daily as follows;

ABBIVTT 3'DEPART.

From Chicago, Omaha, St Louis, For Chicago, Omaha, Denver,

Kansas City, Denver, Park City Kansas City. St. Louis, Ogden

and Ogden...3:10pm and Park City, 7:00 a m

From Helena, Butte, Portland, For San Francisco, Ogden, Cache

San Francisco, Ogden and inValley and intermediate points, 8:00 a m

points, termediate 930 a m For Ogden, Denver, Kansas City, Cache ValSan Francisco,From Omaha, St Louis, Chicago and ley, Ogden and intermediate m points, 7:15 p m ForintermediateOgden, Butte,points,Helena, Port- 6:25 p Chicago, Omaha, St. Louis,From m City, Kansas Denver & Ogden, 3:30 a m ForlandEureka,and SanMercur,FranciscoProvo, Ne- 8:45 p interMilford Frisco, andFrom 7:50 a m points, mediate 9:35 a m *Forphi Provo,and SanpeteNephi, Milford,Valley,....Frisco Mercur, Tintic, Provo, NeFrom and intermediate points 6.00 p m phi, Sanpete Valley and interpoints mediate 6:20 p m *MixedTooeletrainand forTerminus,Garfield Beach, 7:45 a m train from Terminus, ToofMixed

ele and Garfield Beach 4:00 p m *—Trains south to Juab run daily exceptt—Daily except Sunday. Sunday.

City ticket office under Masonic Hall No. 200 W. Second South St. Telephone No. 250,

Railroad and steamship tickets on sale to all parts of the world.

Pullman palace car ticket office

S. W. eCCLBS, general traffic manager. D. E. BURLEV. general passenger and ticktt agent.

W. H. BANCROFT, vice president and general manager.

Magazine Printing Company, JOHN R. PARK, Pre5.

VlcePres. HELD. JOHN cJoiB ixirsrTEJis. Sec., D. R. LYON, Treas. & Hgr.

62 RICHARDS STREET.

THIS SPACE RESERVED

IVjaciiie Co. Goop. Wagon \

:: Who show and sell the most

complete line of Stoves and Steel Ranges brought to Utah and Idaho, Manufactured hjZ

(PCyVty ri.o<y< 'tjcca

If not, you have missed something good. It is a Bible history from the creation of the

worldito the death of Joshua, and gives many interesting details not found in the Bible.

We have a few copies, slightly shelf worn, that we will sell at the following low prices.

FULL MOROCCO GILT, I2.50, formerly. $3.75. FULL CLOTH $1.25. formerly, $2.00.

THE MAGAZINE PRINTING CO., 62 Richards St., Salt Lake City.

CLASSES IN PRACTICAL AGRICULTURE,

MANUAL TRAINING, DOMESTIC SCIENCE, GENERAL LITERATURE, ETC.

.J. yv\. T/\ININER, Fiesiae.nt.

S. W. STEWART. CHAS. B. STEWART. RICHARD W. YOUNG,

STEWART & STEWART, Attorneyat-Law,

Attorneys, 26 Main St., Salt Lake City. 50910 McCornick Block, Salt Lake City.

DR. A. B. DUNFORD, CHAS. F. WILCOX,

Dentist, Physician and Surgeon,

Office over Walker Bros. Bank, Telephone: The Templeton,

Office 367.

Salt Lake City. Residence 175. Salt Lake City.

JOS. S. RICHARDS, ALEX. McMASTER,

Physician and Surgeon, Attorneyat-Law & Justice of the Peace

Telephone; The Templeton, 'Rooms 35 & 36 Commercial Blk., Office 367.

Residence 388. Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City, Utah.

DR. E. M. KEYSOR, LM.WADDELL, THOS. ADAMS,

Dentist, Attorneysat-Law.

Auerbach Block, Salt Lake City. Special attention given land entries.

161: Main Street, 41516 McCornick Block,

Rooms 200201, First Floor. Salt Lake City.

The New Manual for the Mutual Improvement Associations for the season of 1897-8, conRio tains 22 lessons on the Western

BETWEEN Life of Jesus, SSLT LfiKE CITY! SND OGDEN,

, MSNTI. PR0O, EUREKI An excellent text book

for Seventies'and ElBest Local Train SsrvicG ders'Quorums. An absolute necessity to every

Two Fast Trains to the East daily, carrying all classes of equipment, including Pullmember of Mutual Imman Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping

Cars, Free Reclining Chair Cars. provement Associations.

Choice of three distinct routes through the

Rockies, and the most magnificent scenery world. in the

Price 25 Cents. matter or information, apply to printed For

F. A. WABLEIGH, Send orders to Thomas Hull,

General Pass. Gen. Secy. Y. M. M. I. A., 214 Agent,

salt uu Giiy. Templeton Block, Salt Lake City.

Do You Want the best goods at lowest prices? If so buy a Suit of

Home Made Clothes 7.50 up. Home Made Pants

$3.50 up. Home Made Blankets $2.75 up. Our

all wool and Home Made Stockings are guaranteed will wear better than imported. Knitted Union Suits

to order.

CUTLER BROS. COMPHNY,

* 36 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

D Stands for Dinwoodey's Furniture store,

Where fabrics are sold to cover the floor;

The finest of paper to brighten the wall

The stock is enormous, inspect it this fall.

YOUR MONEY Jip WHEN YOU BET J DOLLAR UU

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff,

President.

George Q. Gannon,

TieePreident.

George H. Gannon,

Gashier.

Joseph F. Smitk,

Lorenzo Snow

Francis H. Lyman,

Heber J. Grant,

Angus M. Gannon,

T. G. Webber.

James Jack,

H, B, (lawson,

George Reynolds,

L. John NtttUll.

ZION'8 SAVINGS BANK AND TRUST COMPANY.

1, 3, & 5 MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, UTA H

Vol. I. JANUARY, 1898. No. 3.

INGERSOLL'S "BEST ARGUMENT EVER ADVANCED AGAINST CHRISTIANITY."

REPLIED TO BV ELDER C. W. PENROSE, ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF

LATTERDAY SAINTS.

Robert Ingersoll stands in the front rank of the small army of professed sceptics and scorners. Possessed of considerable ability, having a smooth tongue, a jolly countenance, frank manners and an abundant vocabulary, capable of

charming his hearers, of carrying with him people who are influenced more by sound than by sense, of puzzling those who do not agree with his sentiments, he succeeds in stirring up the hostility of Christian teachers and of believers in the

Jewish scriptures, and also in leading astray men and women who would rather doubt or deny the existence of Deity than bow in obedience to divine commands. His copious streams of

oratory run smoothly along, sometimes in poetic channels, adorned with brilliant and pleasing flowers of speech, at others in rivulets of unctuous humor, anon in torrents of vigorous invective, and then in waves of acrid, if not blasphemous assault upon religion and the Deity. He poses as the valiant

champion of agnosticism, and is accepted by a multitude of shallow thinkers as a triumphant iconoclast. That he has

146 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

succeeded in breaking down and trampling under foot some of the great shams which false religion has set up as idols for mankind to worship or to fear, there is little doubt. But that

he has disproved any of the fundamental principles of real

Christianity can be emphatically and safely denied. It is a

lack of understanding of what is really Christian that causes the admirers of Ingersoll to think he has demolished the Christian creed.

Some time ago an article from his pen was published in a prominent New York paper, entitled, "The Best Argument ever Advanced Against Christianity."It has since been

copied, with the same heading, in a number of public journals in different parts of the country. It is for that reason that the

present writer refers to it, with desire that its fallacies may be exposed and the poverty of that which is styled "The Best

Argument"may be appreciated. It will, therefore, be here

presented, paragraph by paragraph, in full, with comments interspersed. Ingersoll commences by saying:

"We now know that we do not know who wrote the four Gospels.

Were the authors of these four Gospels inspired? If they were inspired,

then the four Gospels must be true. If they are true, they must agree. The

four Gospels do not agree. Matthew, Mark and Luke knew nothing of the

atonement, nothing of salvation by faith. They knew only the gospel of

good deeds, of charity. They teach that if we forgive others God will forgive us. With this the Gospel of John does not agree. In that gospel we

are taught that we must believe on the Lord Jesus Christ; that we must be

born again; that we must drink the blood and eat the fiesh of Christ. In

this Gospel we find the doctrine of the atonement, and that Christ died for us and suffered in our place. This Gospel is utterly at variance with the

other three. If the other three are true, the Gospel of John is false. If the

Gospel of John was written by an inspired man, the writers of the other three were uninspired. From this there is no possible escape. The four cannot

be true."According to this logic, which may be fairly termed

IngersoUian, if four credible eyewitnesses appear and testify to certain facts, and one of them relates some events and explains some truths connected therewith which were not mentioned by the other three, then the testimony of all four is false! The legal acumen and profundity of reasoning displayed in this socalled "best argument"are certainly remarkable, if not convincing. If John mentioned some incidents in

INGERSOLVS BEST ARGUMENT. 147

the life and teachings of Christ which are not recorded by

Matthew, Mark and Luke, does that affect in any way the truthfulness of what either of them have written? Ingersoll

admits that three of those four witnesses agree, but jumps at the conclusion that because the fourth witness dwells specially on some point of doctrine not elucidated b}'the others, the statements of all four must be rejected as untrue. And yet

Robert G. Ingersoll is ranked among the learned lawyers of

the American bar!

But is it true that "Matthew, Mark and Luke knew nothing of the atonement, nothing of salvation by faith?"

Let us see. Matthew, speaking of the visit of the angel who

appeared to Joseph and announced to him the immaculate conception, quotes the angel's words, "And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall

save his people from their sins"(Matt. I: 21). See also the

following: "Whosoever, therefore, shall confess me before

men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven. But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I

also deny before my Father which is in heaven"(Matt. X: 32, 33).

"All things are delivered unto me by my Father, and no man knoweth the Son but the Father; neither knoweth any man

the Father save the Son and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him"(Matt. XL 27). "For the Son of man is come

to save that which was lost"(Matt. XVIIL 11). "Even as

the Son of man came not to be ministered unto but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many"(Matt. XX: 28).

"For this is my blood of the new testament which is shed for many for the remission of sins"(Matt. XXVL 28). So much

for Matthew.

Next let us try Mark: "And he said unto them, this is

my blood of the new testament which is shed for many"(Mark XIV: 24). "And he said unto them, go ye into all the

world and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth

not shall be damned"(Mark XVI: 15, 16).

We will now examine Luke: "For unto you is born this

day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord"(Luke II: 11). "For the Son of man is come to seek and to

148 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

save that which was lost"(Luke XIX: lo). "And he took

bread and gave thanks and brake it and gave unto them, saying, this is my body which is given for you; this do in remembrance of me. Likewise also the cup after supper, saying,

this cup is the new testament in my blood which is shed for you"(Luke XXH: 19, 20). "Then opened he their understandings that they might understand the scriptures; and he said

unto them, thus it is written and thus it behooved Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead the third day, and that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem"(Luke XXIV: 46,

The testimony of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John is united in setting forth the facts of the birth, death and resurrection of Jesus of Nazareth. In this they all agree.

Each of them, however, narrates such incidents in the career of Christ as impressed him the most forcibly. John was

evidently of a philosophical turn of mind, and was perhaps more devotional, as he was more loving in his disposition, than the others. He enlarged upon the principles taught by

the Savior, while the others touched on the historical more than the doctrinal in their writings. This is perfectl} compatible

with the theory that they were inspired; that is, inspired to

write concerning Christ, his life and teachings, according to the best of their knowledge and understanding. Inspiration

does not take away a man's agency or his individuality. It

does not make him a machine, as IngersoU appears to think, but prompts and quickens his energies in the desired direction. Ingersoll's statement that they do not agree is absolutely untrue, and his reasoning is fallacious and absurd. If John

only of the four "Evangelists"wrote of the atonement, it would not prove a disagreement with the other three, unless they had denied that doctrine and testified to the contrary of that which was stated by John. The doctrine of salvation by

faith, which John delighted to explain, was not salvation without good works. For instance, after quoting Christ's words

in reference to believing on him he cites further: "Marvel not

at this, for the hour is coming in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, and shall come forth; they that

INGERSOLi:S BEST ARGUMENT. 149

have done good unto the resurrection of life, and they that have done evil unto the resurrection of damnation"(John

VI: 28, 29). "He that hath my commandments and keepeth

them, he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him and will manifest myself to him"(XIV: 21). "If ye keep my commandments ye

shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my Father's commandments and abide in his love"(John XV: 10). It should

be understood that neither of the writers of the four "Gospels,"as they are called, either claims to have written by divine inspiration all that he recorded, or to have given a full and complete account of the doings and sayings of

Jesus Christ. Neither did they write in concert. Their

testimonies are separate and distinct, yet they all agree in substance, and there is no contradiction either of fact or doctrine. And though John dwelt lovingly on those points

which touched his heart in the keenest manner when they fell from the lips of the Savior, and recorded some things not mentioned by the others, he concluded his essay with these words: "And there are also many other things

which Jesus did, the which if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen"(John XXI: 25).

Ingersoll goes on to say:

"The accounts of the ascension of Jesus Christ in Mark and Luke are interpolations. Matthew says nothing about the ascension. Certainly there

never was a greater miracle, and yet Matthew, who was present, who saw the Lord rise, ascend and disappear, did not think it worth mentioning. On

the other hand, the last words of Christ according to Matthew contradict the ascension: "Lo I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.

John who was present, if Christ reall}'ascended, says not one word on the subject.

On what ground does the bold sceptic make the rash assertion that the Accounts of the ascension of Jesus Christ in

Mark and Luke are interpolations? He offers nothing in its

support, except the false reasoning, already exposed, that some other witnesses did not say anything on that subject.

Matthew and John closed their respective accounts with the resurrection of Christ and his instructions to the Apostles.

Mark and Luke went a little further and included brief state150 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ments concerning the ascension. In this there is no contradiction and no discrepancy. A fuller account of the ascension

is recorded in Acts I: 6-11, supposed to have been written by

Luke, and that John understood and wrote about the entrance of Christ into heaven, may be seen from Revelations I:

4, 7, 18, and many other parts of the same book, said to have been written by John before he wrote his "gospel."

The assertion concerning the last words of Christ and their contradiction of the ascension, is on a par with the other assumptions and absurdities of the famous promoter of infidelity. In the first place, Matthew does not say that the sentence, "Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the

world"were "the last words of Christ,"as IngersoU asserts, neither do they "contradict the ascension. "They are in complete accord with his promise to his Apostles before his decease, "I will not leave you comfortless, I will come to you

yet a little while and the world seeth me no more, but ye see me; because I live, ye shall live also"(John XIV: 18, 19).

In the second, Christ also promised to be with them always by "the Comforter.""Even the spirit of truth whom the

world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him, for it dwelleth with you and shall be in you"(verse 17). This may not be perfectly clear to Mr.

IngersoU, because it is spiritual, and spiritual things are only spiritually discerned; but to those who are able to receive that

spirit of truth which manifests both the Father and the Son, it is perfectl}'easy to comprehend how Christ can be with his disciples, "even to the end of the world,"although he has ascended into heaven.

IngersoU next makes the following queries:

"If Christ rose from the dead, why did he not appear to his enemies?

Why did he not call upon Caiphas, the High Priest? Why did he not make

another triumphal entry into Jerusalem? Tf he really ascended why did he

not do so in public, in the presence of his persecutors? Why should this,

the greatest of miracles, be done in secret, in a corner? It was a miracle

that could have been seen by a vast multitude—a miracle that could not be

simulated—one that would have convinced hundreds of thousands."

These interrogations are prompted by a total misunderstanding of the purpose and object of those phenomena which

INGERSOLL'S BEST ARGUMENT. 151

are usually called miracles. In the divine economy they are

not exhibited to cause wonder or create faith. They are not

to feed the love of the marvelous or pander to the lust after signs. They are the effect, not the cause, of faith. "These

signs,"said the Savior, "shall follow them that believe."

When he healed the sick, his invariable counsel was "See thou tell no man,"and his explanation of the cause of the cure was, "Thy faith hath made thee whole."When Jesus went

into his own coimtry to preach he found scepticism instead of faith, and it is written: "And he could do there no mightj'

works, save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk and healed them. And he marvelled because of their unbelief"

(Mark VI: 5). On Mr. Ingersoll's hypothesis, that was the

place of all others where Christ should have shown forth signs and wonders. What was the answer Jesus always gave

when people came to him seeking a sign? It was: "An evil

and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall be no sign given it"(Matt. XII: 38, 39; Mark VIII: 11, 12).

It is also recorded: "But though he had done so many miracles before them [Pharisees and Greeks] yet they believed

not on him (John XII: 37). Christ's appearance to his

apostles and afterwards to five hundred of his disciples was a blessing to those who believed. Why should he have appeared to his enemies? Why should he have favored the

high priest who unjustly and wickedly condemned him to death? Why should he in the purity of his spiritual existence

mingle with the vile and corrupt? IngersoU says that his appearance would have convinced hundreds of thousands. That

is one of the many notions which the noted sceptic entertains that are entirel}'different from the views and doctrines of the great Nazarene. When illustrating the very point now in

question in a dispute with the Pharisees, he declared: "If

they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead"(Luke XVI: 31).

IngersoU remarks further:

"Again I ask: Is the New Testament true? Does anybody now believe that at the birth of Christ there was a celestial greeting; that a star led

the wise men of the East; that Herod slew the babes of Bethelehem of two

years old and under?"

152 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

These questions may be answered in the affirmative. Millions of people believe that at the birth of Christ there was a

celestial greeting; also that a star led the wise men of the

East, and that Herod caused the babes of Bethlehem to be slain, as narrated in the New Testament. It is easy to ask

questions. Ingersoll offers nothing to disprove either of the

statements on which he endeavors to cast a doubt. But supposing the majority of people in Christendom doubted or disbelieved the stories in the New Testament of occurrences

about the time of the birth of Christ, would that affect the truth of the history? All the events described in the New

Testament may have taken place, even though all the wise men of the nineteenth century were of the same mind as the

It is evident that thegreat interrogation point—Ingersoll.

testimony given by the shepherds, who, while watching their flocks at night, heard the angelic songs and the announcement of "peace on earth,"was believed by the followers of

Jesus Christ, and therefore Luke related the circumstance as part of the history of the advent of the Savior. The same

may be said concerning the star of Bethelehem, which some modern astronomers declare has a periodical appearance in the firmament, and was due at the time set forth in the New

Testament. That Herod caused the slaughter of the babes of

Bethlehem, is quite probable in view of his many cruelties and indifference to human rights. The Cyclopaedia Brittanica,

the American Cyclopaedia, the Dictionary of the Bible by Dr.

William Smith, editor of the Dictionary of Greek and Roman

Antiquities, and many other standard authorities, mention that massacre, and account for the failure of Josephusto record it by the fact that the slaying of babes in a small village was a very insignificant matter, when compared with the barbarities of a king who "hesitated at no crime or cruelty to establish his sovereignty."To effect his ends he had his own wife Mariamne and her two sons, with a number of her nearest relatives,

executed, and also ordered the execution of his son Antipas.

All the items of history embodied in these questions which

Ingersoll raises are believed in and have been believed in for centuries, by men and women endowed with common sense, if they cannot be classed with such intellectual giants and reINGERSOLUS BEST ARGUMENT. 153

markable logicians as the doubting Ingersoll. It may be

added that the great facts of Christ's birth, teachings, atonement, death and resurrection might still be true, even if it could be proved that these minor matters were merely statements accepted by the writers as correct without sufficient evidence to place their truth beyond question. As it is, the

record stands unimpeached and cannot be shaken by simply asking three or four or any number of irrelevant questions.

His following "argument,"if such it may be called, is this:

"Does any intelligent man believe in the existence of devils? The

writer of three of the Gospels certainly did. John says nothing about

Christ having cast out devils, but Matthew, Mark and Luke give many instances.

"At that time it was believed that palsy, epilepsy, deafness, insanity and many other diseases were caused by devils; that devils took possession

of and lived in the bodies of men and women. Christ believed this, taught

this belief to others and pretended to cure diseases by casting devils out of the sick and insane. We know now, if we know anything, that diseases are

not caused by the presence of devils. We know, if we know anything, that

devils do not reside in the bodies of men. If Christ said and did what the

writers of the three Gospels say he said and did, then Christ was mistaken.

If he was mistaken, certainly he was not God. And, if he was mistaken,

certainly he was not inspired.

"Is there anything in the literature of the world more perfectly idiotic?

Intelligent people no longer believe in witches, wizards, spooks and devils, and they are perfectly satisfied that every word in the New Testament about casting out devils is utterly false. '

The modesty exhibited in the foregoing paragraph is as admirable as the reasoning it contains is astonishing and convincing. Ingersoll disbelieves certain things, and virtually

asserts that no person is intelligent who believes in them.

Reasserts his knowledge of some other things, and concludes that those who do not know them, know nothing. He has no

hesitation in declaring that Christ was mistaken, but appears to have no idea that Ingersoll may be mistaken. But to reply:

Yes, there are many intelligent men who believe in the existence of devils; that is to say, they believe in the existence of

evil spirits, and that those spirits influence the minds, and sometimes the bodies, of men and women; that persons who

yield to their influence may become subject to it until they are 1B4 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

virtually "possessed;"that by the power of God, exercised

through faith in the name of Jesus Christ, those evil influences may be overcome and the spirits cast out. The people who

believe all this are reflecting, practical, sober individuals, who read current literature, are familiar with this world's affairs, are competent to engage in the ordinary pursuits of life, to conduct business, to hold public office and to discuss rationally the problems that relate to the welfare of the race and the progress of mankind in this world and in the world to come. Some of them are considered intellectual and talented,

able to express their thoughts orally and by writing, and while not pretending to the wonderful powers of an IngersoU, can yet give reasons for the faith that is in them in an intelligent and rational manner. Among them are men and women who

not only believe in the existence of evil spirits, but know that such beings are living entities, because they have seen them. The gift of the discerning of spirits is not enjoyed by

every person, but that it is a gift possessed by some, is attested by a cloud of witnesses. Mr IngersoU seems to think

that what he does not know, nobody else knows; what he

does not see, nobody else can see; what he has not felt, is impossible for anyone else to feel, and that what is incomprehensible to his towering intellect, must be "perfectly idiotic."

Christ did not say that palsy, epilepsy, deafness, insanity and other diseases were always "caused by devils."It does

not follow, because certain notions were commonly entertained in the days of Jesus Christ, that he also believed in them. But that he and his apostles recognized the existence

and power of evil spirits is certainly true, and the testimony of the New Testament writers goes to show that those spirits were rebuked and cast out of people by Christ and his disciples in numerous instances. IngersoU is wrong in stating

that John said nothing about "casting out devils."John's

Book of Revelation mentions those beings repeatedly, and so

John may be classed with all the other New Testament writers and with Jesus Christ himself in Ingersoll's list of the "mistaken."Now, how does Mr. IngersoU know that diseases are

never caused by devils? How does he know that devils never

"reside in the bodies of men?"He does not condescend to

INGERSOLL'S BEST ARGUMENT. 156

tell us. The evidence is just as direct and complete and

conclusive that devils sometimes cause disease, and sometimes possess the bodies of men, as that disease exists and afflicts the bodies of men. Individuals have been afflicted by

the presence within them of a power which causes agony unspeakable, and endows with unnatural strength the unfortunate victim so that a dozen strong men cannot hold one ordinarily weak person. Under this influence sometimes such persons

have not only rent their clothing, but torn their bodies with a violence horrifying to behold, and at the rebuke of a servant of God in the name of Jesus Christ, the influence causing these disorders has instantaneously departed, leaving the patient in his right mind and healed of his infirmities.

Ingersoll classes those who are not perfectly satisfied that every word in the New Testament about "casting out devils is utterly false"as unintelligent. The class is very

numerous. It includes many of the foremost thinkers of the

nineteenth century. They may not be acquainted with the

facts in relation to the casting out of devils in the present age, but they believe what is stated concerning those things in the

New Testament. Ingersoll asks: 'Ts there anything in the

literature of the world more perfectly idiotic"than what the

New Testament contains on this subject? The answer is,

Yes, it is to be found in "The Best Argument against Christianity,"by Robert G. Ingersoll.

Mr. Ingersoll thus proceeds with his "best argument:"

"Can we believe that Christ raised the dead? A widow living in Nain

is following her son to the tomb. Christ halts the funeral procession and

raises the young man from the dead and gives him back to the arms of his mother. This young man disappears. He is never heard of again; no one

takes the slightest interest in the man who returned from the realms of death.

Luke is the only one who tells the story. Maybe Matthew, Mark and John

never heard it, or did not believe it, and so failed to record it. John says

that Lazarus was raised from the dead; Matthew, Mark and Luke say nothing about it.

"Lazarus did not excite the least interest. No one asked him about

the other world. No one enquired of him about their dead friends.

''We do not believe in the miracles of Mohammed, and yet they are as well attested as this. We have no confidence in the miracles performed by

Joseph Smith, and yet the evidence is far greater, far better."

"Can we believe that Christ raised the dead?"That

156 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

depends upon the evidence presented and our willingness to accept the evidence if sufficient to convince. Mr. IngersoU,

taking the ground of the disbeliever that such things are impossible, cannot be moved from his position by any amount of testimony no matter how conclusive it may be to the less sceptical. He pronounces the evidence as to the miracles of

Mohammed as well attested as that of the raising of the dead by Christ. He further admits that the evidence as to the

miracles performed by Joseph Smith is far greater, far better than as to the miracles of Mohammed or of Christ. Yet he

declares, "we have no confidence in the miracles performed by Joseph Smith."Why not? If Joseph Smith performed

miracles, why should we not have confidence in them? The

same question may be reasonably asked in relation to the "miracles of Mohammed."The trouble with Mr. IngersoU is

that no matter how well attested may be the occurrence of something beyond his comprehension, he will reject it because it is contrary to his opinion of what is possible. There

are many living witnesses to the manifestations of the power of God through Joseph Smith and his followers, in healing the sick, opening the eyes of the blind, causing the lame to walk, the deaf to hear, the dumb to speak, and even in the raising of the apparently dead to life. It is not surprising that,

rejecting this living testimony borne by intelligent persons who gain nothing by their evidence, Mr. IngersoU should also

reject the testimony of persons who are dead, which has come down to us from the first century of the Christian era.

IngersoU the lawyer never gained a case in court on evidence as strong, as harmonious, as conclusive and as numerously attested as that now in existence as to the "miracles"performed by Joseph Smith, the Prophet of the nineteenth centur} and his associates and successors in the ministry. Yet IngersoU the sceptic utterly refuses to accept this evidence, simply

because it is something that he does not know, or claim to know, and which he does not understand.

The same fallacy runs through this alleged "argument"of Mr. IngersoU's as that which has already been exposed.

The fact that Matthew, Mark, and John did not record the occurrence mentioned by Luke, is no evidence that they

INGERSOLUS BEST ARGUMENT. 157

never heard of it or that they did not believe it. Each of the

writers of the "Gospels"mentions some things not spoken of by the others, but everyone of them testifies to the raising of the dead by Jesus of Nazareth. Mr. Ingersoll is not a careful reader of the New Testament, or he purposely ignores

some very important parts of it which ought to be considered in connection with the subject on which he treats. Matthew

gives particulars of the resuscitation by the Savior of a young maiden, whose father had faith in him (Matt. IX: 1825).

Mark also testifies to the raising from the dead of J aims'daughter (Mark, V: 2243). John, as Mr. Ingersoll admits,

relates the raising of Lazarus. Thus all the four "Evangelists"place on record their evidence on the main question at

issue, which is: "Can we believe that Christ raised the dead?"

Now as to the objection that the young man of Nain "was never heard of again,"that the raising of Lazarus "did not excite the least interest:"and that "no one asked them about

the other world."Let us see how accurate the critical sceptic is in his rash assertions. Matthew says, "And the fame

hereof went abroad into all that land"(verse 26). Mark

states that when Jesus went to the house of Jairus, "Much people followed him and thronged him;"also that when the

damsel arose, "they were astonished with a great astonishment"(verses 24, 42 ). Luke declares that when the widow's

son was raised from the dead at Nain, "Many of his disciples went with him and much people"* * * "And there came a fear on all, and they glorified God, saying that a great prophet is risen up among us; and that God hath visited

His people. And this rumor of him went forth throughout all Judea and throughout all the region round about"

(Luke VH: 1117). Luke also adds his testimony to the

raising of the daughter of Jairus from the dead (Luke VIII:

4156). Next as to the alleged lack of interest in the raising of Lazarus: The account given by John shows that a great

number of the Jews were present, and after Lazarus came forth, "Then many of the Jews which came to Mary and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him. But some

of them went their ways to the Pharisees and told them what things Jesus had done. Then gathered the chief priests and

158 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Pharisees a council and said, what do we? for this man doeth

many miracles. If we let him alone, all men will believe on

him, and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and our nation. * * * Then from that day

forth they took counsel together for to put him to death."

(John XI: 1953). They also plotted to put Lazarus to

death. (See John XII: g, 17, 18). How much truth is there

then in Ingersoll's bold assertion that these things "did not excite the least interest?"

How does Mr. Ingersoll know that the friends of Lazarus did not enquire about the other world? How does he

know that the young man of Nain was "never heard of again?"

Does Mr. Ingersoll, or any other sceptic, seriously entertain

the notion that the New Testament writers who gave a brief account of some of the sayings and doings of Jesus Christ, are unworthy of credence because they did not give the pedigree and the full history of the lives of people who were healed or restored to life by Christ's administrations? Those writers

narrated the essential circumstances relating to the cures and "miracles"wrought by the Savior, and that was sufficient to accomplish the end in view. On Mr. Ingersoll's reasoning, if

his queries may be dignified with such a term, no credence should be placed on any history that has ever been written, whether sacred or profane.

Now for the next point in his argument:

''Is it not strange that at the trial of Christ no one was found to say a word in his favor? 'No man stood forth and said, I was a leper and this

man cured me with a touch.'No woman said, 'I am the widow of Nain,

and this is my son whom this man raised from the dead. 'No man said, 'I

was blind and this man gave me sight. 'All silent."

No, it is not at all strange. Christ did not say a word

in his own defense He did not summon any witnesses in his behalf. "He was led like a lamb to the slaughter."The

excitement and prejudice and hatred against him were so intense that even his nearest friends and closest disciples "all forsook him and fled."Even the valiant Peter was so overcome by the hostility of the multitude, that he denied any

knowledge of Jesus. Mr. Ingersoll professes to be a lawyer.

Why should he expect people who had been healed of some

INGERSOLV S BEST ARGUMENT. 159

disease, or who had witnessed the raising of some person from the dead, to bear testimony of these facts to disprove a charge of treason? If all the people who had been benefited

by the ministrations of Christ had been willing to testify and had been permitted to speak, what bearing would their evidence have had upon the accusation before Pontius Pilate that Jesus claimed to be king of the Jews? Mr. Ingersoll does

not seem to shine with any greater effulgence in this "argument"than as an expounder of the New Testament.

But let us hear him still further:

"Millions assert that the philosophy of Christ is perfect—that he was

the wisest that ever uttered speech. Let us see: "Resist not evil; if smitten on one cheek turn the other. "Is there any philosophy, any wisdom in

this? Christ takes from goodness, from virtue, from the truth, the right of

selfdefense. Vice becomes the master of the world, and the good become

the victims of the mfamous. No man has the right to protect himself, his

property, his wife and children. Government becomes impossible, and the

world is at the mercy of criminals. Is there any absurdity beyond this?

"Love your enemies."Is this possible? Did Christ love his when he

denounced them as whited sepulchres, hypocrites and vipers? We cannot

love those who hate us. Hatred in the hearts of others does not breed love

in ours. Not to resist evil is absurd; to love your enemies is impossible.

"Take no thought of the morrow."The idea was that God would take

care of us as he did the sparrows and lilies. Is there the least sense in that

belief?"Again Mr. IngersoU's reading of the scriptures is at fault.

The quotations he makes in reference to the philosophy of

Christ are taken from instructions given to his disciples.

Many injunctions which were applicable to them might not be to people of the world. Believers in Christ should, and ought

to, practice those teachings which were specially intended for them. The Sermon on the Mount was not addressed, as is

commonly supposed, to the heterogeneous multitude, but to

Christ's disciples. "And seeing the multitude, he went up

into a mountain; and when he was set his disciples came unto

him, and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying, (Matt. V: I, 2). That is the introduction that Matthew gives

in his report of the grandest sermon ever published. The

philosophy and rules for moral conduct it contains were for those who listened to them. The Mosaic law in vogue among

the Jews was adapted to a lower condition of society than 160 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that which Christ sought to establish. Instead of rendering

evil for evil, exacting "an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth,"Christ taught the higher law of overcoming evil with good. IngersoU asks, "is there any philosophy, any wisdom

in this?"Yes, there is the profoundest philosophy and the

highest wisdom. The world has practiced the opposite

policy for ages, and the consequences are strife, bloodshed, the triumph of the strong over the weak, war, rapine and horror.

Christ's philosophy, if practiced, would banish these woes and establish an era of peace and good will. But, as stated, his

precepts were for his people, and among them they can be eminently practicable. Evil returned for evil is adding fuel

to Satanic fire. Forbearance, charity, kindness and love are

heavenly waters to quench the destroying flames. The true

disciples of Christ are brethren, who should dwell together in unity. And if one brother gives way to anger, the object

of his wrath can better overcome that ebullition of evil by kindness than by retaliation. It would seem that anyone not

blinded by the clouds of infidelity, would be able to perceive the beauty of the exalted philosophy and of the grand wisdom of Christ's precepts, in contrast with the worldly methods which put force against force and pit violence against violence, keeping society in a ferment and perpetuating the reign of evil.

But, is it true that Christ's teachings "take away from goodness the right of self defense?"Certainly not. That is

only the inference of IngersoU and others of his school. Why

did Christ say, "And he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one?"(Luke XXII: 36). All the absurdities which Mr. IngersoU sees as the result of the teachings of

Christ are simply the result of his own false reasoning, founded on a perversion of the meaning of those teachings. No man

is debarred thereby from protecting himself, his property and his family from the assaults of his foes. No nation is forbidden to defend its rights when assailed. No government is denied the authority to punish criminals. Apply the commandments of Christ to the disciples of Christ, for whom they

are intended, and the difficulties conjured up by Mr. IngersoU are banished like mists from the swamps when the morning sun beams upon the face of nature.

INGERSOLV S BEST ARGUMENT. 161

"Take no thought for the morrow."To whom were

these words addressed? To men called by Christ to go forth

and preach the gospel, "taking neither brass nor gold nor script for their journey, neither two coats,"but to depend upon

God for their daily support through people who would receive them and minister to their necessities. This was Christ's

method of evangelism. The salary system, which obtains

among modern ministers, is in utter violation of his rule. His

apostles were to take no thought for the morrow. They were

to be supplied by the people among whom they labored in the gospel. IngersoU takes this rule, intended only for the preachers of Christ's gospel, and applies it to the whole world, and

asks, "Is there any absurdity beyond this?"We do not think

there is, if the querj'is asked as to Ingersoll's prostitution of the teachings of the Savior.

He wants to know whether Christ loved his enemies when he denounced them as whited sepulchres, hypocrites, etc.

Why not? Christ could love the men but detest their evil

works and ways. He showed no hatred in rebuking their

iniquity. The best good that can be done to some men is to

show them their wickedness and their folly. And Jesus was

seeking the "greatest good to the greatest number"in his ministry. He taught the truth and exposed error. He condemned hypocrisy, but desired the reform of the hypocrite.

He sought to put down wickedness for the good of mankind, but had no animosity against the individuals whose acts he condemned. This is a distinction with a difference that even

Mr. IngersoU ought to be able to appreciate. But this heappears to be unable or unwilling to admit. In attempting to

criticise the Hebrew scriptures, he should also take into account the oriental style of language in which they were written, which was in common use and which abounds in hyperbole and metaphor. In taking literally the sentences he quotes he

is neither fair nor literary. But then he is nothing if not

IngersoU.

Here is the final standpoint of his peculiar position:

"If Christ was in fact God, he knew all the future. He knew how his

words would be interpreted. He knew what crimes, what horrors, what infamies would be committed in his name. I{e knew that the hungry flames

162 IMFROVEMENT ENA

of persecutions would climb around the limbs of countless martyrs. He

knew that thousands and thousands of brave men and women would languish in dungeons, in darkness, filled with pain. He knew that his church would

invent and use instruments of torture; that his followers would appeal to whip

and fagot, to chain and rack. He saw all wars that would be waged, and

he knew that above these fields of death, these dungeons, these rackings.

these burnings, these executions, for a thousand years would float the dripping banner of the cross. He knew that hypocrisy would be robed and

crowned, that cruelty and credulity would rule the world; knew that his

church would extinguish reason's holy light and leave the world without a star. He saw his disciples extinguishing the eyes of men, flaying them alive,

cutting out their tongues, searching for all the nerves of pain. And yet he

died with voiceless lips. Why did he fail to speak? Why did he not tell

his disciples, and through them the world: 'You shall not burn, imprison

and torture in my name. You shall not persecute your fellowmen?'"

Mr. Ingersoll forgets the important doctrine of the New

Testament that Christ was human as well as divine. He was

"God manifest in the flesh."His conclusion, therefore, that

Christ must of necessity "know all the future"is founded on incorrect premises and is illogical. In his mortality Christ

had to receive light, wisdom and power from the Father. He

said: "I can of mine own self do nothing; as I hear I judge;

and my judgment is just because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which has sent me"(Matt. V: 30).

He said further: "My doctrine is not mine but his that sent

me. If any man shall do his will he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God or whether I speak of myself"

(John VII: 16, 17). And again he said: "I have many things

to say and to judge of you, but he that sent me is true, and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.

* * * I do nothing of myself, but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things"(John VIII: 26, 28). Jesus

might have known something of the future, as the Father showed it him, and yet not have known "all the future."Ingersoll,

in jumping at conclusions, is unrivalled as a literary acrobat.

But supposing Jesus knew how his words would be interpreted, or rather misinterpreted; supposing he knew of all the

crimes, horrors and infamies that would be committed in his name; is he to be held responsible for those iniquities? Was

he to hold his peace and refrain from declaring the grand truths which he came to teach, desist from the work which he was apINGERSOLVS BEST ARGUMENT. 163

pointed to perform for the salvation of mankind, because he could foresee that his doctrines would be perverted, that his words would be misinterpreted, that wrongs would be wrought in his name? Is there anybody living and sane, except R. G.

IngersoU, who would intimate such a palpable absurdity?

Is there any truth in the assertions of this assailant of the

Savior that Christ's "church"invented and used instruments of torture and inflicted the punishments that racked the world for a thousand years? That Christ's disciples tortured the

bodies of men and women and crushed out their lives in anguish? How is it possible, in view of what IngersoU himself has set forth as to the doctrine of Christ, that his church

or his disciples could be guilty of such abominations? The

diabolical deeds performed by bigots and fanatics whose assumption of priestly power and divine authority was a blasphemy against Christ, were so opposite to the teachings and spirit of the Savior, of his church and of his disciples, as the blackness of night is to the glory of midday and as hell is to heaven. What if the wretches, who maimed and butchered

their fellow creatures, in vain attempts to promote their own faiths or accomplish their own ends, called themselves

Christ's disciples, and their hierarchy Christ's church, is that any reason for charging up their enormities against him whose teachings and commandments they violated to the utmost?

Mr. IngersoU says that against such dreadful things

Christ "died with voiceless lips,"and asks "why did he fail to speak?"The assertion is a direct falsehood, the question is

an infamy. IngersoU has furnished the refutation of his own

calumny, and the answer to his own interrogation. The very

philosophy which he pronounces the utmost height of absurdity, was a denunciation of such cruelties and an emphatic injunction against all the terrible deeds depicted by Mr. IngersoU. The Sermon on the Mount, which he ridicules,

bristles with pointed shafts against violence and wrong. In

view of the precepts which IngersoU quotes and laughs at as absurd, such as "love your enemies,""resist not evil,""if smitten on one cheek, turn the other,"how can he. have the

impudence, to say nothing of the injustice and wickedness, to 164 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

assert that Christ died with "voiceless lips,"against the wrongs which have been wrought blasphemously in Christ's sacred name? Is it possible that Ingersoll does not see how

he contradicts Ingersoll? How he disproves his own base

assumptions? How he shatters to pieces his own "best

argument?"The whole tenor of Christ's teachings, the spirit

which he breathed, the life that he led, the words that he uttered in his dying agonies—"Father, forgive them, they

know not what they peace, good will, brotherdo"—proclaim

hood, kindness and charity. Men are not his disciples who

have not his spirit and who obey not his commandments, the chief of which is, "Love one Another!"

Robert G. Ingersoll is both to be pitied and to be

blamed. Pitied because of his spiritual blindness, which is a

greater affliction than physical blindness. It is a misfortune

for which some people are not altogether responsible. It may

be to some extent at least an hereditary evil. But he is to

blame for wilful attempts to pervert the teachings of real

Christianity, to distort the sayings of Christ, to misquote the text of the New Testament, to exaggerate the plain meaning of Christ's philosophy in one breath and deny its utterance in another, and for the pettifoggery to which he resorts when, with flowery sentences and flights of rhetoric, he assails a religion which has brought to him and to the world most of the joys, the liberty and the civilization that lighten the darkness of this yet imperfect state of being. It is difficult by the

exercise of the greatest charity to believe that he is honest or sincere, and the indignation that naturally arises in view of his many perversions of fact and theory, greatly weakens the pity that is felt for his defective spiritual vision. If his latest

effort is "The best argument ever advanced against Christianity,"all other efforts in that direction must be unworthy of notice, and Christianity stands not only triumphant, but actually untouched.

EUROPEAN DIPLOMACY.

BY PROFESSOR JOSEPH M. TANNER, PRESIDENT OF AGRICULTURAL

COLLEGE, LOGAN, UTAH.

European diplomacy is always the most interesting in that locality where the interests of the European powers conflict or would be likely to create conflicting interests. The spot

may be a little insignificant island; it may be an unimportant

kingdom in itself; it may be some province; the importance of

the locality always depending upon the vantage ground that it may appear to have for any one of the great powers. Jealousy is largely the source of international diplomacy.

Lately it centered in Greece, a kingdom of itself unimportant, whose affairs, but for the interest that the rest of Europe is taking in them, would be of little consequence to us and would awaken but little interest throughout the world.

A war has been going on between Greece and Turkey, the results of which are fully known to the world. As a matter of

military science it has practically no importance; but it has a

value to the student of history in the fact that around this little kingdom the war ships of the great nation hover, and the ministers of various countries are discussing the results of the war. Judging from the newspaper articles that one reads,

there is almost universal disappointment. Throughout all

Christian countries there has been a general wish that the

Greeks might be successful; and yet, in the face of this universal sympathy for their cause, the governing powers, the executive departments of all these Christian countries that are

occupied now in the adjustment of the question, reverse the public will and ignore the public sympathy.

There have been some substantial reasons for this, for.

166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

most of the countries interested are governed largely by public sentiment. But there are two reasons why public opinion does

not control the actions of the ministers of foreign affairs of the leading powers. In the first place, some of the countries

which have most to do in maintaining the balance of power in

Europe, are uncontrolled by popular opinion, and in some public opinion is very weak, at any rate, fails to be a controlling factor. Europe must always count on Russia.

France courted and it is very generally understood that she at last obtained an alliance with that country. Germany courts friendship, and Austria maintains a position noncommittal, because Austrian and Russian interests may conflict. So that, when a statesman of France comes to the consideration of a question like that of the Orient, he must be

divided in his judgments and decisions between popular demands and the wishes of Russia.

In the second place, public opinion is not so farreach- ing in European countries in matters of foreign relations as in this country. It may evoke criticism, but it has no determined

purpose as it has in local affairs. And again, those who have

to deal with these questions find obstacles with which the masses of the people are unfamiliar. It is one thing to criticize, but quite another to remove the causes of criticism.

Again, statesmen of Europe recognize the fact that in the discussion of the Eastern question a vast amount of religious prejudice has been brought to bear. These prejudices intuitively incline men always to take the side of the Christian

as against the Moslem, and it very frequently happens that this sympathy sets aside all considerations of justice as between man and man.

Greece, without cause, created dissatisfaction in Crete and incited a rebellion, and its unjust course became so manifest to the nations that the great powers interfered; and

because of this interference, and this solely, and to force the great powers into an awkward and dangerous position, Greece began war against Turkey. It had no justification, (except to

gratify national vanity and resent the action of the great powers in their interference with Crete). That happened which

everybody expected—the Greeks were defeated. They were

EUROPEAN DIPLOMACY. 167

no match for the Turks; in the first place, they were unprepared for war; in the second place, they were too small in

numbers, and in the third place, Turkey has a well disciplined army, officered, to a great extent, by Germans. Turkey

made its demands. It asked for Thessaly and a war indemnity in money. Of course the powers would never grant

Turkey the right to enlarge her national domains, especially on the European side of the Bosphorus. A money indemnity, therefore, was the only compensation for which the

Sultan could hope. But there are serious difficulties in the

way of obtaining this.

The Greeks are in debt, and it is difficult to secure a loan, perhaps impossible to secure any important loan and maintain an independent control of their finances and all the resources of government revenue. The proposition has been

made, and is now discussed among the great powers, to make the loan to Greece and assume control of certain revenues to be collected by an international committee, who would thus become directly identified with the local and governmental affairs of the little kingdom, a most humiliating position for

Greece to find herself in. This might be adopted as it was

adopted in Egypt; but the great powers remembering how

successful England was in her control and final absorption of all Egyptian revenues, have become fearful of the results.

But just at present an obstacle greater than the fear of the great powers has presented itself. Greece has an indebtedness of $140,000,000, $120,000,000 of which is due Germany. The Germans very naturally demand that before the

revenues are turned over into the channel of the new obligations, which the indemnit}'to Turkey demands, the indebtedness to Germany be first paid off. That means that this international commission would not only have to provide out of

the revenues the demands of the Turkish war indemnity, hut also the past debts incurred by loans made in Germany.

But the question has been repeatedly asked, and in a most flippant manner, why not wipe out the Turkish power, especially in Europe, and settle this whole question? European Turkey cannot be wiped out of existence. It can onl}'

be transferred. Some kind of a government must exist there.

168 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

That government must be conducted either by the people within the country themselves, or it must be controlled by foreign governments. It may seem a paradox, yet it is nevertheless true, that among the many nationalties in the Orient,

there are perhaps none that would not prefer that the Turks remain in control of that country rather than see it pass into the hands of the European powers. If the Greeks could

control themselves, they would not object to their own control; neither would the Armenians. But the fact is that among

the Greeks, Jews and Moslems they all prefer the rule of the

Turks to that of any other people in Turkey. Greece could

not govern; neither could Armenia, and it would be absurd to

speak of a control of that country by the Jews. What then

remains, if the country is to be controlled by the people who live in it? There is but one answer and that is conclusive

Turkish rule. The Turks are without question the most capable of administering the affairs of the country, and so far as

every man is allowed his own independence, his religion and the privilege of attending to his own affairs, there is no freer country in the world.

Do the people of that country, then, want its administration carried on by foreigners? This must be an expediency,

and it is a very doubtful one. Besides, if it is to be controlled by some foreign nation, what nation shall it be? England, Austria, or Russia? The problem is difficult. It is

not a theory, it is not a question of abstract principle; it is a

condition, the difficulty of which has no parallel in the history of the world. True enough, it has been said, that the

best solution perhaps that could be made would be that of a partition, dividing the country up chiefly between Russia,

Austria and England; but there could be no division, no natural division, no practicable division, unless most of the

country were given to Russia and Austria, Russia receiving the greatest part of it. The position which Russia occupies

naturally places her claims at the top of the list. Austria,

who would be Russia's chief competitor in the distribution, hesitates. The population of that country is already a conglomerate one, and the great variety of nationalties within

the Austrian domains is a source of great trouble to the govEUROPEAN DIPLOMACY. 169

ernment as it is. Besides, between Austria and the country

which it would annex in case of division, lie Bulgaria and

Servia; Bosnia and Herzegovnia could be disposed of, but

Austria would need also to make her empire properly compact, and secure for the administration of governmental affairs, to include both Bulgaria and Servia. To this Russia, of

course, could not consent.

Thus it will be seen that from whatever point of view you approach the problem of the partition of the Turkish empire, the obstacles are so numerous and so difficult as not only to perplex but to baffle the skill of statesmanship.

These conditions give assurance of life to the Turkish empire. But there are other reasons why so much vitality has

been found within the dominion of the Sultan; and there are

reasons, too, why his dominions may increase in strength.

With the Turkish empire it is not a question of decadence on moral grounds, as it was in the days of Rome. As a rule, the

Moslems are honest and virtuous. In these qualities they

compare well with the Christians of their empire. But they

are an unprogressive people. The immense resources of their

country lie dormant; the government has not adequate means

at its command, and the continuation of the empire depends largely upon its material progress. No one can say how long

that empire might not last if these resources could be properly developed. Turkey is in a better financial condition

today than it has been perhaps for centuries. Its revenues

are improved. Its present monarch is a man of great sagacity,

an indomitable worker, and said by those who have been in a position to know, to be one of the foremost statesmen of

Europe; and while he lives it is not too much to say that

Turkey will continue to maintain her own, if not increase her prestige among the nations of Europe, as she appears to be doing at the present time.

Turkey, therefore, seems to depend much upon the character of her rulers and the improvement of her revenues.

And civilization is touching Turkey. This influence, and the

development of the material resources of that country, will continue to encourage more and more to the advancement of the speculative spirit which in time must reach its inhabitants.

170 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

There is at this time an organization of young Turks in

Paris, young Turks who have been educated in European cities, mostly in Paris, and who have become imbued with the ideas of Christian civilization. This organization is lending

all its efforts to national reform. The influence of these young

Turks over the present Sultan, although he opposes them and would gladly see them completely defeated if not put to death as traitors to their country, is very potent. Their publications,

in spite of all censorship, reach many of the young Turks at

Constantinople. Of course no one can say what Abdul

Hamid's successor may be. If he should be rash and profligate, he would precipitate a war. At present the "sick

man"seems to have taken a new lease of life. In the difficulties with Greece he has shown great skill and political

foresight. The results have redounded to his good.

And there are those who believe that the Turk is capable of reformation and hold that the individual qualities of that nation give promise of progress and stability. It must be remembered that education in the last twenty years has made

greater progress in the empire than in any preceding two centuries. There is certainly vigor in the national life.

There is purpose and determination in the Turkish character when once the temper of the Turk has been aroused. What

the Turk needs now very badly is money. It would give him

a new lease of national life and perhaps a long one. If he

secures his indemnity, as it seems most likely now, he would be greatly aided thereby; and if he can sell Palestine at a good

figure, no one can say what solidity he might thereby be able to give to the nation. Palestine is of no value to the Turk as

a matter of revenue. It is a source of religious contention.

There are no Turks in the country, and for the turbulent

Arabs that live there he has but little sympathy. If a Turk

can overcome his religious scruples about Palestine, he perhaps would find no difi&culty in disposing of it to the Jews, who seem just now to be agitating its purchase. Then again,

the question of its sale would call forth European diplomacy, and it might become as difficult as its conquest by arms.

Turkey is and has been since 1870 a most fruitful source for discussion and differences in European diplomacy. All

EUROPEAN DIPLOMACY. 171

other questions have either been subsidiary or remotely associated with the eastern question, and in its discussion and attempted settlement, prejudices and jealousies have arisen which now affect the European powers in other parts of the world.

THE NEW YEAR.

Hark! the cock crows, and yon bright star

Tells us the day himself's not far;

And see when, breaking from the night,

He gilds the western hills with light.

With him old Janus* doth appear,

Peeping into the future year.

With such a look as seems to say.

The prospect is not good that way.

But stay! but stay! me thinks my sight,

Better informed by clearer light,

Discerns sereneness in that brow.

That all contracted seem'd but now.

His reversed face may show distaste.

And frown upon the ills o'er past.

But that which this way looks is clear,

And smiles upon the new born year.

The Casqiiet.

*Janus: A Latin deity represented with two faces looking in opposite

directions. Supposed to be the god of the sun and the year, to whom the

month of January was sacred.

RELIGIOUS FAITHS.

III.

THE DOCTRINE AND CLAIMS OF THE EPISCOPAL

CHURCH.

BY THE REV. J. B. HALSEY.

The writer of this article has received a very courteous invitation from the editors of the Improvement Era, containing the following request: "We especially desire that a

statement of the Episcopal doctrine should be made to our readers, together with a description of your system of Church government."

This paper is an answer to that invitation. The answer

must attempt to say a good deal in a few pages. The Episcopal Church contains all sorts and conditions of men who

differ on many matters of opinion and who yet unite in a definite faith and a common worship. What they believe they

believe positively and with conviction. It follows that there

are opposite things which they just as positively do not believe.

In this brief paper it may happen that the definite belief must be stated positively, but never it is hoped uncharitably, and never without pointing to the evidence. Again a positive belief always points a contrast, sometimes a sharp one. The

writer wishes to answer a direct request in a frank and direct way. He thanks the editors for their courtesy, and he hopes

that this reply may be marked by the spirit of charity and earnest good will which has signally marked the invitation.

The standard dictionaries define the word "Churchman"

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 173

as meaning specifically an Episcopalian. In this article

"Churchman"and "Episcopalian"will mean the same thing.

There are two theories in the world about a "church."

One that it is a human organization with a divine mission;

the other that it is a divine organization with a human mission. The first begins on earth and reaches out for heaventhe second is born in heaven and descends to earth. Under

the first conception anybody can found a church, or leave a church that does not suit him and found another. Under the

second conception God alone can found the Church, and to separate from that Church is called the sin of schism. The

human organization has been the prevailing idea of Protestant Christianity, and countless sects and separations have been the result. The legal title of the Episcopal Church is

"The Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of

America,"yet she rejects the Protestant conception of a church. She believes the Church is a divine institution—not

itmerely a philosophy, or a theory, but an institution—that

has a body as well as a soul, and that this body is "born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God"(St. John, I: 13).

There are three great branches of the Christian Church in the world today holding this latter theory: (i) the Greek

Church, or the "Holy Orthodox Apostolic Oriental Church,"as she styles herself, embracing the Greek, Russian and other

Slavonic nationalities; (2) the Roman Catholic Church or the

"Holy, Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman Church,"as her full title is; and (3) the Anglican Church (to which the Episcopal Church belongs), which claims to be a branch of the One,

Holy Catholic (i. e. Universal) and Apostolic Church founded

by the Lord Jesus Christ Himself. This Anglican Church

also claims to be peculiarly the Church for English speaking people. It is a large claim and ought not to be put forth without weighty credentials. These will be examined almost immediately in a glance at Church history.

But note first that the Lord Jesus Christ did found a

Church. He promised that the gates of hell should not

prevail against it (St. Matt. XVI: 18). This looks like a

promise of perpetuity. He appointed a ministry with the

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

power of selfperpetuation (St. John XX: 21. Acts I: 2126.

2 Tim. II: 2). This body, the Church, received the breath of

life on the feast of Pentecost and began at once to gather spiritual children into the Christian family (Acts II). "They

continued steadfastly in the Apostles'teaching and fellowship, in the breaking ofbread?kn6. the. prayers'(Acts II: 41, 42, Revised Version). This infant Church seems to be a community,

with a definite /a;M to teach, and with some, very likely simple, sacraments dsid forms of worship.

Moreover this Church was not founded on the Bible!

The Church had thousands of converts who had learned and accepted the Christian creed long before a single line of the

New Testament was written. When the gospels and epistles

were written they presupposed considerable previous knowledge on the part of their readers. The Church is not

founded on the Bible. She produced the Bible. The two

go together and condition each other. "The function of the

Church is to teach; the function of the Bible is to prove, to

verify, to correct the teaching."The Bible is the rule of faith,

and the Episcopal Church strongly insists that "it is not lawful for the Church to ordain anything that is contrary to God's word written, nor besides the same ought it to enforce anything to be believed for necessity of salvation"(Art. XX, Prayer book).

But on the other hand Episcopalians believe it is like putting the cart before the horse to found churches on the Bible.

There are so many churches all claiming support and foundation from one and the same Bible, that something must be wrong with the method. Anything in the world can be proved by the

prooftext system. It has been wisely and wittily said that

Bible texts should be labelled like railway tickets, "Not good if detached."

In this Divine Institution, the Church, the power of preaching the gospel resides primarily in the living voice, as at the first.

"The things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also"(2 Tim. II: 2). This is the principle that underlies the doctrine of Apostolic Succession, of

which mention will be made later.

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 176

HISTORY.

But perhaps someone has been thinking the Episcopal

Church was founded by Henry VIII. at the time of the Reformation. What right has it to claim an Apostolic Ministry

and a history reaching back to Apostolic days? It is well

the question should be asked and answered. No, Henry VIII.

did not found the Episcopal Church. Such a statement,

though very common, betrays an almost unpardonable ignorance of English history. One fact, however, is worth a page

of assertion. Let the reader note carefully the following

facts of history, and verify and amplify them as thoroughly as possible.

When and by whom Christianity was first introduced into Britain, history cannot positively say. There are traditions that St. Paul and Joseph of Arimathea preached there.

Their chief historic value is that they witness to a very early date, but no one relies on them as history. There are passages in the writings of Tertullian andOrigen (A. D. 208240)

which show clearly that Christianity had reached the Roman province of Britain by the beginning of the third century. A

century later three British bishops, one presbyter and one deacon, whose names are preserved, were certainly at the Council of Aries in France (314). This proves that the British

Church had the Apostolic Ministry and was in full communion with European Christendom. From Britain, Ireland was

Christianized and then Scotland.

Not till 597 did the first missionary from Rome arrive.

St. Augustine, sent by Pope Gregory I. found Celtic Christianity driven back to Wales and Cornwall by heathen invaders. He attempted to unite Celtic and Latin Christianity,

but with poor success. His work northwards received a

heathen setback and Northumbria turned to lona, Scotland, for a Christian bishop. So gradually the two movements

the Roman mission from Canterbury northward, and the

Celtic mission from lona forces to make a southward—joined

national Church and an English nation out of many warring tribes. Whatever evils may be connected with an Established Church, it should never be forgotten that in England

the Church made the State, not the State the Church.

176 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Rome at this time had a certain primacy of honor as the greatest See in Western Christendom, but she was accorded no supreme power. In 680 Wilfred, bishop of Northumbria,

appealed to Rome against a decision of the Archbishop of

Canterbury. The Pope sustained the appeal. Wilfred came

home with the confidence of having won his case, but was imprisoned and then banished for his pains. From the beginning the Church of England claimed independence and

national liberties.

But Rome kept claiming greater and greater power, until in 1054 the Eastern Church parted company with her.

The Norman invasion (1066) greatly increased this power in

England. Yet in 1 164 the Constitutions of Clarendon forbade

carrying appeals to Rome without the king's consent. The

Charters of Henry I. (iioo), Stephen (1136), and Henry H.

(1154) all begin by declaring the liberty of the Church,

Then came the weak king John who actually consented to surrender his kingdom and become the feudal vassal of the strong Pope Innocent III. The result is one of the striking

events in English history. The Archbishop of Canterbury,

Stephen Langton, with the barons of England at his back, required the king to sign the Magna Charta (1215), the immortal charter of English (and American) constitutional liberty. These are its opening words The Church of England shall be free and shall have her rights entire and her

liberties uninjured."

The famous statutes of Praemunire (1353, 1393) and

Provisors (1351, 1390) bear additional witness to the historic independence of the Church against papal aggression.

Then came the revival of Greek learning and the discovery of printing, both paving the way for the Reformation.

At last under Henry VIII. came the throwing off of the foreign

yoke, and the old liberties became operative. The king was

bad enough and his "divorce"case sad enough. However,

his marriage with his brother's widow was against Church law and allowed only after a papal dispensation had been obtained.

It was now pronounced "null and void"from the beginning.

Moreover the Church and nation had long been restive under foreign interference and this was their opportunity to regain their

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 177

freedom. "Alterations in doctrine did not come for many

years. The English Reformation began as a matter of policy,

an affair of kings, and ministers and parliaments. It concerned itself with the assertion of national liberties, with the

refusal of foreign claims, with questions of legal and constitutional history, not of theology or worship."(Wakeman's

Hist. Ch. Eng.)

The claim that Henry VHI. founded the Church of England will not bear historical investigation for a moment. The

Church reformed herself. These was no break in historic

continuity. The Apostolic Ministry remained unbroken.

Every attempt to impugn the Orders of the Church of England has resulted in conspicuous failure. Indeed in 1560 Pope

Pius IV. offered to accept the results of the Reformation provided only his supremacy were acknowledged. This offer

was declined and in 1570 Pius V. excommunicated Elizabeth,

and shortly after the Roman Catholics in England withdrew from the National Church.

But what about America? The Church of England was

planted in the colonies from Maine to Georgia though unfortunately no bishop was sent to oversee the flock. When

revolutionary days came the name "Church of England"was enough to stigmatize all the Churchmen as Tories. Yet twothirds of the signers of the Declaration of Independence were

Churchmen. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, John

Jay, Patrick Henry, the Randolphs, Thomas Jefferson, and many more were Churchmen. The Rev. William White, afterwards first Bishop of Pennsylvania, was chaplain to the Continental Congress.

The first American bishop was Samuel Seabury, who was conscerated in Aberdeen, Scotland, Nov. 14th, 1784. He became Bishop of Connecticut. On Feb. 4th, 1787, William

White and Samuel Provoost were consecrated in London and became Bishops of Pennsylvania and New York respectively.

In 1792 Thomas J. Clagett was consecrated Bishop of Maryland by Bishops Seabury, White and Provoost. Today,

(1897) there are eightyfour Bishops of the American Church, including Missionary Bishops in China, Japan and Africa;

4,618 clergymen, and 636,000 communicants. In 1835, just

.

178 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

before Bishop White's death, there was one communicant of the Church in every 353 of the population. Today there

is one in every 98.

GOVERNMENT.

The preface to the Prayer Book asserts "that this church is far from intending to depart from the Church of England in any essential point of doctrine, discipline, or worship."

Still, local circumstances required certain changes. Of course

no connection between church and state could exist. Yet the

men who framed the Constitution of the Episcopal Church were the very men who did much towards making the federal constitution. There are some very striking resemblances.

The people have more power than in England, as indeed they had in the primitive Church. The Bishop is the head of each

Diocese. Parishes elect their own Minister. The congregation elects wardens and vestrymen to represent them. The

clergy of a Diocese, together with laymen elected by each parish, meet annually in a diocesan council to enact laws for the Diocese. The Bishop of course presides. No law can be

passed unless both clerical and lay Orders concur.

The different Dioceses are united by a federal constitution which provides for a General Convention once in three years.

The Bishops sit in one body, the House of Bishops. Four

clergymen and four laymen elected from each diocesan convention constitute the House of Clerical and Lay Deputies. The

analogy to the "senate and representatives in congress assembled"is very striking. Each house elects its own presiding officer. No measure can pass the lower house over the

negative vote of the clergy or laity; nor can any law be made

without the concurrence of both houses.

Missionary Jurisdictions do not support their own Bishops, nor do they have the full privileges of Dioceses. They are

somewhat like territories compared to states.

Dioceses are usually subdivided into Convocations, where the same clerical and lay representation prevails. There are

many members but one body. The Bishop is the head, but

the head is not independent of the body. Like every other,

the Bishop is under certain legal restrictions and limitations,

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 179

but his office has preeminent moral weight. This thought

leads naturally to the consideration of the

MINISTRY.

The preface to the Ordinal in the Prayer Book (p. 509)

opens with these weighty words: "It is evident unto all

men, diligently reading Holy Scripture and ancient Authors, that from the Apostles'time there have been these Orders of

Ministers in Christ's Church—Bishops, Priests, and Deacons."

This threefold Ministry was universal until Reformation days.

Perhaps there was a type of it in ( i ) the High Priest, (2) Priests and (3) Levites of the Old Testament; and again in (i) the

Lord Jesus Himself, (2) the Twelve, and (3) the Seventy of gospel days. After the resurrection, Jesus said to His

Apostles, "As my Father hath sent Me, even so send I you"(St. JohnXX: 21), thus raising them to thefirst Order. They

elected Matthias, so evidently their Order was to be perpetuated (Acts I: 25, 26),

Then there is an Order called Elders or Presbyters (Acts

XV: 2, 4), and another order cdXi&di Deacons (i Tim. HI: 8;

cp. Acts VI). But what about Bishops (Phil. I: i)? The name

means "overseer"and was probably applied somewhat loosely at first, perhaps both to Apostles and Presbyters.

An old writer Theodoret (424) throws light on this: "The

same persons were anciently called Bishops and Presbyters and they whom we now call Bishops, were named Apostles."

That is to say, the name "Apostles"was limited to early days, ''Bishops. "St. Jerome the Order continued under the name of

(390) says: "Bishops occupy the place of the Apostles."

Says the late Bishop Lightfoot, a very learned scholar, who is always careful not to overstate the evidence: "The threefold ministry can be traced to Apostolic direction; and short

of an express statement we can possess no better assurance of a Divine appointment or at least a Divine sanction."

The Bishops alone Confirm and Ordain. Presbyters or

Priests preach and administer the Sacraments. Deacons,

when duly authorized, preach and baptize. Of course the

higher Order includes the lower. This threefold Ministry

.

1 80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

alone, Bishops, Priests and Deacons, can trace its history back to primitive days.

DOCTRINE.

The Creed of the Episcopal Church is as tollows: "I

believe in God the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth: And in Jesus Christ his only Son our Lord: Who was

conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary: Suffered under Pontius Pilate, Was crucified, dead and buried:

He descended into hell; The third day he arose again from

the dead: He ascended into heaven, And sitteth on the

right hand of God the Father Almighty: From thence he

shall come to judge the quick and the dead.

I believe in the Holy Ghost: The Holy Catholic Church;

rhe Communion of Saints: The Forgiveness of sins: The

Resurrection of the body: And the Life everlasting. Amen."

The word "hell"has the old meaning, "the place of departed spirits.""Catholic"means "Universal."

It will be seen that this Creed is simply the expansion of the baptismal formula (St. Matt. XXVHI: 19). It is probably

alluded to by St. Paul as "the form of sound words"(2 Tim.

I: 13). When a man wishes to be baptized in the Episcopal

Church, he is required to subscribe to it, but to nothing more.

There are no Confessions of Faith nor Articles of Religion that he must accept. The ThirtyNine Articles form a valuable exposition, some more, some less valuable, of this Apostolic

Faith. But they have the human limitations of time and circumstance, and stand on a different level entirely from the

Creed.

The Nicene Creed is a slightly fuller statement of the

Apostles'Creed, put forth to guard more absolutely the

Divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ and of the Holy Ghost, but containing no new doctrine. Every Churchman believes

fully that Jesus Christ is "the only begotten Son of God; Begotten of his Father before all worlds, God of God, Light of

Light, Very God of very God; Begotten, not made: Being of

one substance with the Father; By whom all things are made;

Who for us men and for our salvation came down from heaven,

And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary,

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 181

And was made man"(Nicene Creed). There are what are

popularly known as High Churchmen and Low Churchmen and Broad Churchmen of a dozen shades whose opinions on many matters merge and differ like the colors of the rainbow, but all contend earnestly for this "faith which was once for all delivered to the saints"(St. Jude 3, Revised Version). Their belief in the Creed is absolute and final; their

understanding of it progressive. As St. Anselm profoundly

said, they ''believe in order to understand"it, convinced that it is the revelation of God to men; that the Church is the witness and keeper of it; and that every article in it can be concluded and proved from holy scripture.

This Creed proclaims the mystery of the Godhead, the

Trinity in Unity. Of course this truth is beyond human comprehension. The Infinite cannot be reduced to any human definition. If it could, it would not be God. Moreover it proclaims God as the eternal selfexistent One, the immutable "I

Am."(Ex. Ill: 14); "the same yesterday, and today, and forever"(Heb. XIII: 8). The distinction between the Creator and

the creature is absolute. God alone is worshipped Men

and angels refuse worship (Acts X:26. Rev. XIX: 10). It

is true that men are made in the image of God and are to be made sons of God by adoption and grace through the Incarnation, but though they are to become "partakers of the divine nature''(2 St. Peter I: 4). It is never said that they

can be partakers of the divine essence. In the Greek New

Testament different words mark this distinction very clearly.

This Creed is very simple, yet it embodies the biggest philosophy ever held by mortal man. Every heresy known to

history has been a shrinking of it somewhere. No new knowledge has ever required it to be stretched. Narrow interpretations of it have given way again and again to broader and

truer ones, but the Creed itself remains the same, its words do not fail.

The Episcopal Church believes it to be her solemn duty to hold fast to this Creed as the full statement of revealed truth. She believes in progression and development and that

the Spirit is come to guide Christians into all truth (St. John

XVI: 13); not however by proclaiming new dogmas but by

182 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

bringing to remembrance the things Christ said (St John XIV:

26). "He shall glorify me, for he shall take of mine, and

shall show it unto you"(St John XVI: 14). She believes

Christ's words are like an inexhaustible mine, ever yielding new treasure. She remembers that "every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is

an householder, which bringeth out of his treasure things new and old"(St. Matt. XIII: 52). Her mission is to proclaim the

ancient Creed as allsufficient to assimilate new knowledge and solve new problems.

She grieves when a part of the Apostolic Creed is discarded, and she likewise grieves at accretions of modern dogma as both misplaced and mistaken. She can say heartily with St. Paul, "Grace be with all them that love our Lord

Jesus Christ in sincerity"(Eph. VI: 24) but she cannot accept

either additions to, or subtractions from, the old Creed; and

for this very simple reason: If, as she firmly believes, Jesus

Christ is one Person in two perfect Natures, very God and very that fact her whole faith rests—his IncarnationMan—and on

must be the revelation of God. "He that hath seen me,

hath seen the Father"(St. John XIV: 9). She cannot conceive that any one can add to this personal revelation of God

Himself, and this she thinks is the basis of St. Paul's solemn

warning against any one, man or angel, preaching z. different

gospel, which is not another,'as the accurate translation reads (Gal. I: 7, Revised Version).

She believes many things in the Old Testament were provisional and temporary, and allowed not because they declared God's perfect will, but because they were the best things possible under the circumstances. She maintains that

Jesus proclaimed this principle when he said, "For the hardness of your heart Moses wrote you this precept"(of divorce) (St. Mark X: 5). But on the other hand she holds with

equal conviction that Christ's words are final both in ethics and in doctrine and that though "heaven and earth shall pass away, His words shall not pass away"(St. Matt. XXIV: 35).

WORSHIP.

Churchmen use a Prayer Book, for common prayer. In

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 183

this they have warrant both from Scripture and from history, together with the satisfaction of an excellent method in practice. The stock objections against prayers out of a book

that they must become monotonous, formal and mechanical are always the imaginary objections of those who have never fairly tried it. Some of the advantages are manifest—the

Prayer Book is comprehensive; its devotion elevated and

sustained; its educational value in training worshippers great.

Its compilation is the history of the devotions of Christendom.

In it penitence and praise, petition, thanksgiving and intercession find their due proportion. It creates a robust and

well rounded worship.

"The essential germ of the Church's worship was planted by Jesus: first, when He commissioned the Ministry; second,

when He commanded Holy Baptism; third, when He instituted

the Holy Communion. Around these three offices all other

forms and ceremonies of Christian worship and obedience necessarily center. Around these three, all the Liturgies of

the Primitive Church clustered, and from these all other Offices of the Church were developed."The Lord's Prayer

marks the crisis of every service, being itself the norm of liturgical expansion. The Prayer Book contains Offices for

Sundays and for week days and for every turning point of life from birth to death. The children of the Church imbibe their

most holy faith more through the language of devotion than from treatises on divinity or from theological expositions.

The greatest service of all is the Divine Liturgy, or the

Holy Communion. The American Liturgy, the most perfect

in Christendom, was the gift of the Scotch rather than the

English Church. Its history can be traced to the St. John

group of liturgies and to Ephesus, not to the St. Peter family

and to Rome. This is one of many instances where the Anglican Church is nearer to the Greek Church than to the

Roman.

To Prayer Book Churchmen other kinds of service are unsatisfying and too often lacking in the dignity of worship.

Episcopalians would not however impose their Prayer Book upon others as an essential. The Episcopal Church feels

that she has a mission in God's future to weld into one body 184 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the fragments of a divided Christendom. At her General

Convention in Chicago, 1886, she put forth a platform of essentials which was endorsed by the whole Anglican Communion at Lambeth, London, in 1888, as follows:

"(a) The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, as 'containing all things necessary to salvation,'and as being the rule and ultimate standard of faith;

"(b) The Apostles'Creed, as the baptismal symbol, and the Nicene Creed, as the sufficient statement of the

Christian faith;

"(c) The two Sacraments ordained by Christ Himself, baptism and the supper of the Lord, ministered with unfailing use of Christ's words of institution, and of the elements ordained by Him;

"(d) The historic Episcopate, locally adapted in the methods of its administration to the varying needs of the nations and peoples called of God into the unity of His

Church."This is her foundation, a "Church built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the head corner stone.""Other foundation can no man lay

than that is laid, vvhich is Jesus Christ"(i Cor. HI: 11).

Her duty is to "keep that which is committed to her trust"(i Tim. I: 20.) By being true to the past she looks

to meet the future with expectancy and with hope. In Bishop

Lightfoot's words: "She has remained steadfast in the faith

of Nicaea, [i. e. the Nicene Creed], but she has never compromised herself by any declaration which may entangle her

in the meshes of science. The doctrinal inheritance of the

past is hers, and the scientific hopes of the future are hers.

She is intermediate and she may become mediatorial, when the opportunity occurs."

While she is steadfast and unswerving in matters of faith, she is catholic in matters of opinion. She has no desire to

make all men of one pattern, nor does she believe in being wise above that which is written. "In things necessary unity,

in things not necessary liberty, in all things charity"is her motto. With this comprehensive solidity, rooted firm on the

unshaken foundation of God's planting, she claims humbly

RELIGIOUS FAITHS. 186

and not arrogantly to be the true branch of Christ's Holy,

Catholic and Apostolic Church for the Englishspeaking world.

TIME'S SONG.

O'er the level plain where mountains greet me as I go,

O'er the desert waste where fountains at my bidding flow,

On the boundless beam by day, on the cloud by night,

I am rushing hence away! who will chain my flight?

War his weary watch was keeping—I have crushed his spear:

Grief within her bower was weeping—I have dried her tear:

Pleasure caught a minute's hold—then I hurried by,

Leaving all her banquet cold and her goblet dry.

Power had won a throne of glory—where is now his fame?

Genius said, "I live in story"—who hath heard his name? Love, beneath a myrtle bough, whisper'd—"why so fast?"

And the roses on his brow withered as I passed.

I have heard the heifer lowing o'er the wide wave's bed;

I have seen the billow flowing where the cattle fed;

Where began my wanderings? Memory will not say!

Where will rest my weary wings? Science turns away!

Anon.

A PLEA FOR FICTION,

The statement made by critics that fiction reigns supreme in the literature of the day is no doubt true. In the list of

published books, the novel takes the lead. Fiction comes in

a continuous stream from the press of the country, and it reaches all classes of society.

Is the Latterday Saint justified in reading fiction? I

think I hear a mighty chorus of "No"from the spectacled fathers and mothers as they pause in their reading the latest tabernacle sermon, and a faint hearted "Yes"comes from our boys and girls as they timidly half conceal the story with the proverbial yellow back.

Both may be right, both may be wrong, for this reason:

There are good novels and there are bad novels, as well as good and bad in all classes of books. This fact every reader,

every parent, and every provider of reading matter should know.

I enter a plea for fiction, the good, pure, elevating kind. You, good soul, who claim that everything that is not

a fact, or that does not literally happen is bad, have no scruples in hanging on your walls a beautiful oil painting, whose majestic hills, green foliage, and blue waters have no real existence save in the imagination of the painter. The incidents of a story are just as existent as the scenes of your

picture. You distinguish between drawings, praising the

beautiful and condemning and shunning the evil. Consistency claims that you should do the same with the products of

the pen.

Again, some, who strictly exclude every work of fiction from the home, admit any newspaper. The latter may be

A PLEA FOR FICTION. 187

and often is filled with accounts of base deeds and revolting crimes put into readable form and which are eagerly "devoured"by the young. As such reading matter is supposed

to be true and deals with facts, it is all commendable or at least, permissible; but the story wherein characters are drawn

that beautify honor and virtue and nobleness, is shunned and condemned. Facts may be debasing, fiction may be elevating. Jesse James was a reality, Adam Bede was not.

The Great Teacher recognized the value of fiction in presenting truths to the understanding. Of him it is said:

"But without a parable spake he not unto them."Many

eminent writers have recognized this. The dreariest description or argument may have vitality and interest brought into

it by bringing it in contact with human life and action. Vivid

life pictures of any time or any place may be portrayed by the story. What historian has so correctly colored historical

characters as Shakespeare? What can be better than Hugo's

pictures of Parisian society? If you would know English life

read Dickens.

Now then, if reading novels is not a sin, what will help us to choose the right kind? Among the vast amount of advice given on this subject, perhaps none is of more importance

than this: Know the authors, learn something of the writers.

"Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?"A writer consciously or unconsciously weaves

within his work his own emotions, sentiments, conceptions of right and wrong, of duty, or morality. Then first, even above

the literary qualifications of a writer, see to it that he or she views the virtues from the proper standpoint. Too few people know nothing about the authors of the books they read.

We should know that many names do stand for something. What a help it would be, for instance, if we always

remembered that Scott and Lytton wrote historical romances, and that Cooper's were mostly of Indian adventure; that

George Eliot's works are always deep, but the Duchess'are shallow; that Crawford is a romancist and Howells a realist;

that Mary D. Ward writes of English life, religion and social

problems, and Mrs. Herbert D. Ward describes New England

scenes; that Mrs. Holmes writes solely of love, Mayne Reid

188 IMPKOVEMEN'I ERA.

of adventure, and Antony Hope of love and adventure, mixed;

that no father or mother need fear to place in their children's hands stories written by Mrs. Alcott.

"The prose story,"says a recent writer, "comes close to the heart of the world, gets into the pulses of the people, lounges in the slippered ease of the drawing room, swings in the summer hammock, circulates in the brain of the day, airs its opinions, its theories and philosophies through human lips in a hundred lands, and is read, read, read!"

Yes, the world reads fiction. If one has a message to

deliver, he puts it in a novel, into a living, breathing thing.

The Latterday Saints have a great message to the world.

What a field is here for the pen of the novelist. As Tennyson says:

"Truth in closest words shall fail,

When truth embodied in a tale,

Shall enter in at lowly doors."

THE EXCHANGE.

We pledgediour hearts, my love and I-

I in my arms the maiden clasping;

I could not tell the reason why,

But, oh! I trembled like an aspen.

Her father's love she bade me gain;

I went and shook like any reed!

I strove to act the man—in vain!

We had exchanged our hearts indeed.

S. T. Coleridge.

BIBLE STUDIES, BY NEPHI L. MORRIS.

III.

''This lamp, from off the everlasting throne,

Mercy took down, and in the night of time

Stood, casting on the dark her gracious bow,

And evermore beseeching men with tears

And earnest sighs, to hear, believe, and live."Pollock.

We have examined the testimonies of witnesses who wrote in various periods reaching from the beginning of the

Christian era back to days when history writing was in its infancy. Strong as that class of evidence is for the genuineness

and authenticity of the books of the Bible, in the Bible itself we find much testimony of equal strength—testimony that

cannot be refuted. This I shall call //(fr<?/ evidence, because

it comes from within the book itself. It consists of the language, the style of its diction, of the historical facts recorded,

and the spirit in which it is written.

Many of our readers may not be conscious of the fact that languages grow; that they pass through the various stages of

infancy, youth, maturity and old age; but they do grow, and

precisely in the same manner as do nations in various departments of education and industry. And v/hat is more forceful

still, the civilization of a people is reflected more perfectly in their language than in any other one thing. With equal precision and certainty you will observe this truth in the language of individuals. Culture and urbanity are manifest in the

slightest utterance of a truly educated person, while the reverse is apparent when an uncouth person opens his mouth. A

very simple illustration of the growth of language will be 190 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

brought to your attention if you will examine a few lines from

Chaucer or Spencer, poets who stand on the very threshold literature. They wroteof that resplendent domain—English

in a style so quaint and queer to us, that it is hardly inteligible without much study. To that same period of literature belongs

John Wycliffe, the "morning star"of the Reformation as he is called. Here is an interesting and intricate bit from his

translation of the New Testament (Matt. 3: 1-3):

In iDiike days came Joon Baptist precDytidc in tDc aesert cf judc, sayindt Do ye penauttce: for the Ryttddom of Deuns sftali

neigb. TorsotDe tbis is be of wbom it is said by Psaye tbe propbete, as a voice of a crying in desert, make ye ready tbe wayes of

tbe Cord make ye rigbtful tbe patbes of bym.

Compare this plain, homely extract to the fine English of the Elizabethan age, which was graced by Shakespeare and

Bacon; then compare it to the finished English of today, and

you will see that our language has passed through a wholesome and beautiful growth. Now the history of our language

is the history of all other languages in point of growth. So

it was at all events with the Hebrew tongue, the one in which the Old Testament was written. If such apparent changes

were accomplished in the lapse of five hundred years, from

Wycliffe to the present, may we not with consistency look for like changes to have occurred during the period of one thousand years, reaching from Moses to Malachi? Of all the

Oriental, or rather, Shemitic languages (i. e. languages that

is said to bear the marks ofsprang from Shem)—the Hebrew

being the most ancient. Hence it had passed through the

periods of infancy and youth long before it had a Moses to perpetuate its fame. In fact the period reaching from the

age of Moses to that of David has been called the golden age of the Hebrew language. It declined in purity from that

time to the reign of Hezekiah or Manasseh. It was corrupted

by the political and commercial intercourse with the Babylonians and Assyrians. This is called the silver age. Then

succeeded the still more inferior age called the iron age, extending down to the captivity. After this the leaden age followed;

leaden because it became so bad, being fatally corBIBLE STUDIES. 191

rupted by the Chaldean tongue. It was laid aside and replaced by the Greek language. By comparison there will be

found to exist in the Hebrew literature of these various periods pronounced changes and differences in style, an altered manner of expression. Upon this fact Hebrew scholars

universally agree. Here then may be found an argument

which proves beyond refutation that the different books of the Old Testament were composed at different times and at distant periods, and hence this fact may become a strong evidence of their genuineness. The various books of the

Old Testament have too great a variety of style to be the product of one age, or the work of one or a set of contemporary Jews. The argument is that if the books of the Old

Testament are forgeries, there must have been a succession of imposters, each in his own age, with hundreds of years sometimes intervening, each of whom concurred to impose upon posterity, and voluntarily taking up the design of his predecessors—a thing preposterous to right reason—incontherefore most likely untrue.cievable—and

Splendid argument for the genuineness and authenticity of the Old Testament is found in the numberless circumstances of time, place, persons, etc., mentioned in the various books.

The geography of places of Hebrew history are always mentioned and to this day are marked and preserved. To

employ our space best we will substitute the mention of these many well known events and happenings, customs, etc., by

argument of a confirmator}'nature taken from outside sources, viz.: civil and natural history. The work of imposters or forgers do not abound in particularities as does the Bible; for if an

imposter were to mention so great a number of particulars it would place him in a position where he would most likely and most easily be detected, and it would be difficuit indeed for a forger to supply such a detailed statement of facts. Parties

concerned in the transactions would be quite likely to keep an accurate record of them, but it would be a work of almost superhuman invention, and an immense stretch of human ingenuity to produce from nothing such numberless particularities as abound in all parts of the scriptures. Suppose

these books to be forgeries, surely the people on the ground.

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at the time of their production had it in their power to detect the fraud, and it certainly would have been in their hearts to do so, since by doing so they would liberate themselves from the reproaches written, from the obligations the moral law imposed, and the condemnation their disobedience challenged;

moral laws too, demanding observances which were not easy or at all pleasing to their natures to perform. But that people

did not expose the cheat (supposing the books spurious), but from the very beginning, the act being almost contemporary to the account, they observed the laws and ceremonies; and

for three thousand years have continued to commemorate various historical events (as, for example, the Passover, which to this day is kept), and the religious rites, all of which stand as enduring momuments to the authenticity and genuineness of these very remarkable records.

We might safely rest the credibility of the Old Testament narrative on the arguments adduced, but there comes to us such an abundance of strong and willing testimony from natural and ci\il or profane history that, had we space in proportion to the evidence and argument at hand, the common objections of infidels could be met by a complete refutation.

Geographical research has located nearly all the ancient cities, streams, mountains, plains, etc., mentioned in the

Bible. The pick and shovel have removed the dust of

centuries and opened to the sunlight cities, dwellings, temples, human remains and records, all of which go far in confirming the place, time, custom, manner of living, state of civilization, as described in this book called the Old Testament. The creation of the earth and the introduction on it

of plant and animal life though told best in it are by no means told alone in the book of Genesis. There was published quite recently an interesting account of the discovery of

six stone tablets, dug up from the ruins of Nineveh. Though

sadly disfigured and timemutilated, enough has been deciphered from these tablets, buried from the sight of man for more than two thousand years, to make out a complete story of the creation. Within the last few years the ruins of six

great Chaldean or Babylonian cities have been excavated with the result that the historv of man has been traced back more

BIBLE STUDIES. 193

than six thousand years (presumably), and it is elicited that at that remote age a high state of civilization existed. These

excavations of Nineveh, Ur, Babylon and other cities have brought to light seven distinct accounts of the creation. In

relation to these accounts and the Bible the following statement stands under the eminent name of Dr. Henry Mason

Baum, editor of "Monumental Records:""Therefore it can

be safely said that wonderful as these recent discoveries are they dot not shake the historical foundation of the book of

Genesis. In fact these historical discoveries would seem to

confirm rather than contradict the statements of the Bible."

One of the most striking confirmations of the

Mosaic account of the creation is the very general adoption of the division of time into weeks, which extends from western and Christian Europe to the far distant shores of Hindostan; it has equally prevailed among the Hebrews,

the Egyptians, Chinese, Greeks, Romans and the northern barbarians. Some of these nations had little or no intercourse

with the Hebrews, or in fact with any other nation, being, like the Chinese, walled out from the rest of the world. The

creation was completed in six days, more properly speaking, six epochs or eras, and the Creator rested from his labors on the seventh. In commemoration thereof man was commanded

to labor six days only and set apart the seventh for rest and divine worship.

A glimpse of the Garden of Eden and man's pristine purity and innocence is seen through the traditionary fragments of the classic poetry, ancient fables, and legends of antiquity. And it is quite probable, too, that the ancients

borrowed their custom of consecrating groves to the worship of their deities from the paradise described in Genesis.

The fall of man as recorded in the same book is not to be put aside as a fable or allegory. The painful reality of the

Fall is indicated in the tragic scene enacted on Calvary, and there and then reattested by heaven. The story of the introduction of evil into this world, though partly obscured by

mythology is seen like a gem gleaming through encompassing rubbish in the heathen legend of Pandora. Our mother Eve

who was the instrument used in bringing evil to us or us to

194 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

evil, is represented in the story by Pandora who, being led by a fateful curiosity to open a casket that had been given her by

Jupiter, out of it flew all the evil into the world, and she became the cause of all the miserable occurrences that befall mankind.

of promised and long remembered deHope alone,—the hope

at the bottom of the casket.liverance—remaining

Original sin has been universally recognized though under various titles, by all the philosophers and poets of antiquity. Pythagoras termed it the fatal companion of man,

the noxious strife that lurks within us, and which was born along with us. Plato called it natural wickedness. Cicero

lamented that men are brought into the world frail and infirm, with souls prone to divers lusts. Seneca said that the seeds

of all vices are in all men, though they do not break out in everyone. And Juvenal has strikingly corroborated Paul of

Tarsus (Rom. VII: 1823), where he says, "Nature unchangeably fixed runs back to wickedness, bodies to their centres."

The translation of Enoch is easily traced in the Grecian fables of the translation of their heroes, or demigods; some

of whom are fabled to have ascended to the heavens alive and to have been turned into stars and celestial signs. An interesting legend is preserved by the Mayas of Yucatan who claim

that there once lived on this continent a man so mighty and powerful that when he spoke the ground trembled beneath him, and that he and his city were taken up to heaven. No part

of the Mosaic history has been so ridiculed as that which pertains to the deluge, though no part that ever occurred has been better attested both by civil and natural history. The

natural history of this event is recorded on the loftiest mountain tops of the earth, such as the Andes, the Alps, Apennines,

Pyrenees, Libanus, Atlas and Ararat. There, and in short

on all the mountains under heaven, whenever search has been made, are found the fossilized remains of animals belonging to a former world, shells, skeletons of fish, and mammals of every kind. And these are found at elevations ranging from

seven thousand to sixteen thousand feet above the present sea level.

The history of all races is seen with clearness if the reBIBLE STUDIES. 196

peopling of the earth be recognized in our second father,

Noah, and his three sons. To this family racial tradition and

histories are invariabl} traceable. Chaldean history freely

confirms the Mosaic account of the Tower of Babel, which was the first great event in history after the deluge. Such

respectable authorities as Strabo, Diodorus Seculus, Solinus,

Tacitus, Pliny and Josephus, expressly attest the Bible history of the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. And so we

might go on with this class of evidence.

The history of the Bible is of far greater antiquity than any other records extant; and it is remarkable that, in many

instances, it shows the real origin of those absurd fables which disgrace and weaken all other histories of remote times, which is no feeble proof that it was derived from some surer source than human tradition. Contrast the natural, accurate, simple and sensible account given of the origin of the

Hebrew race with the mythshrouded beginnings of Greek,

Roman and other heathen nations. The latter emerge from

clouds of oblivion in a manner more absurd than the fabulous stories of the Arabian Nights, while the former is just as it must have been, real and natural.

Now, to all this add the testimony of the Jews themselves, as bearing witness to this day in all countries of the world to the truth of their ancient history, that is, to the truthfulness of the Old Testament. Consider the strength of

that testimony as manifested in the tenacity exhibited in their racial characteristics, the fixed and lasting attachment to their religion and laws, then consider the awful predictions wrought into the fabric of their national history, which predictions condemn them in their past and their present, and that prophecy-interwovenhistory of the Old Testament, finds an absolute vindication in the present state of the Jews.

YOUNG CHARACTERS IN HISTORY,

BY PROFESSOR WILLARD DONE, PRESIDENT OF THE LATTERDAY saints'COLLEGE, SALT LAKE CITY.

II.

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

I.

The prodigy of history, the Ishmaelite of rulers, "his hand against every man and every man's hand against him."

This is the key of his character. In youth as in manhood,

in schooldays as on the throne, he was always the same strong, petulant, selfwilled, solitary. No warmth of love

could thaw the icy reserve of his selfishness, no fire of friendship melt the iron of his ambition. Whenever his genius

blazed forth, it was only to scorch the wings of his poor, mothlike friends and enemies; and falling governmental systems but added fuel to the flame. It was a fire which burned,

but failed to warm, a blaze which attracted, only to destroy.

Selfcentered, he looked with calm indifference on the fortunes or the misfortunes of others, measuring their importance only by their influence on his career. In the light of this estimate

of his character, and with a preliminary knowledge of his overpowering genius and ability, we can read aright the history of his youth.

Napoleon Bonaparte sprang from the poor gentility at the time when that class counted for very little in the economy of European politics. Furthermore, he was by birth a foreigner, in part, to France, the nation under whose care his

youth wasspent.

YOUNG CHARACTERS IN HISTORY. 197

Poverty added its heavy load to the burdens placed upon him by birth, and every misfortune gave rise to a real or fancied grudge against his associates. A butt of ridicule to

his companions, he paid them back with scorn, and in his taciturnity he fancied that the world was at enmity with him and his cherished hopes.

Pride was also a factor in the formation of his early career, and the pride of the poor is a power, compared with which the pride of wealth is a pigmy of weakness.

His early training had a great effect on his youthful character. His father was one of those wellmeaning, weak,

vapid characters, who vacillate from one magnetic pole of thought and action to another, and are unfortunate at both;

but his mother was a woman of integrity and practical sense;

and most of the forming that his character acquired, may be said to have come from her. For the rest, it grew in response to his environments. His mother subjected him to

sound discipline which subsequently impressed itself so strongly in his contact with men, and was one key to his power over them. The rigor of his early education is accountable for many of the peculiarities manifested in his adult

life.

When a boy of ten he was placed in a military school at Brienne, and here he commenced to endure the taunts and ridicule which such an uncouth, unpopular person would firstnaturally excite. A pen picture of the boy during his

few years at the school, would be interesting, could it be correctly drawn. His complexion was sallow and dull. His

hair black and stiff like an Indian's, and hung in unkempt confusion. His figure was slight, almost to meagreness, and

his limbs, clad in the light leggings appropriate to his age, deserved the appellation of "spindles."There was practically

no expression in his face; his eyes were dull and devoid of

lustre. His manner at that time would have impressed no

one save with its utter absence of distinction.

To cap the climax, and to give his mischievous companions further grounds for ridicule, he spoke French with a strong Italian accent: as if this were not enough, (and his

companions were not sparing in their ridicule of his personal 198 IMPR0VEMEN7 ERA.

peculiarities) his birthplace, Corsica, was an object of their derision. He resented this even more than their personal

taunts, for at that time, his one consuming ambition was to set Corsica free from the tyranny of the French.

This smoldering fire of feeling manifested itself occasionally in sudden flashes of indignation. One incident of

this kind is worthy of mention. While he was attending the

school at Brienne, he came in daily contact with the spirit and genius of the French, whom he regarded as the enemies of his native Corsica. Despising them with all his heart,

and stung by his own imaginary wrongs, he wandered through the building, and entered a room where a portrait of

Choiseul was displayed. This man Napoleon regarded as

the worst of Corsica's enemies. At sight of the portrait all

the bitterness of the tenyear-old boy's heart was awakened, and he broke forth into bitter revilings against Choiseul in particular and the French in general. His dramatic attitude

fist clinched and extended toward the portrait, and his—his

thin body erect and rigid, his shrill voice, piping in childish treble, and resounding through the rooms, made an impression both ludicrous and exasperating to those who saw and heard him. The punishment they inflicted upon him served

only to increase his rebellious disposition.

Concerning Napoleon at this period, Prof. Sloane says:

"Dark, solitary and untrained, the new scholar assumed the indifference of wounded vanity, despised all pastimes and found delight either in books or in scornful exasperation of his comrades when compelled to associate with them. There

were quarrels and bitter fights, in which the Ishmaelite's hand was against every other. Sometimes in a kind of

frenzy he inflicted serious wounds on his. fellow students. At

length even the teachers mocked him, and deprived him of his position as captain in the school battalion. The climax

of the miserable business was reached when to a taunt that his ancestry was nothing, his father a wretched tepstaff,

Napoleon replied by challenging his tormentor to fight a duel.

For this offense he was put in confinement, while the instigator went unpunished.

What wonder is it that solitary musings and moody

YOUNG CHARACTERS IN HISTORY. 199

silence should characterize the years of his further stay at

Brienne? In a quiet nook he fortified himself against his

schoolmates, resenting most savagely all attempts to intrude upon him, and then he spent hours poring over books, and pensively musing on his wrongs and difficulties. What schemes

and plans for the future developed in his mind while he was isolated from his companions, and ostracised, in a way, from their society, it is impossible to say. But there is no doubt

that much of the taciturnity and the enmity towards men which marked his later life, developed during this important period. It may also be that a hatred for the French and for

French institutions arose within him, through the enmity he felt for the French who tormented him. It seems almost a

case of retribution that he should become at a subsequent time, the arbiter of France's destiny, the absolute commander of her armies (including the boys who ridiculed him in youth), and, in a manner, the scourge of his adopted country.

From one standpoint, however, he was benefited by this enforced seclusion from the companionship of the boys of his age. While it developed moodiness and taciturnity it also enabled him to make rapid progress in his studies, and he soon

began to attract the attention of his superiors by the great intellectuul qualities which afterward distinguished him.

This enforced training developed another of the masterful qualties which remained with him through life and became selfreliance. As a boy hestronger each year,—his wonderful

became equally independent of the good will and the enmity of his companions. He was neither to be assisted in his

career by the one, nor deterred by the other. Regardless of

the wishes of friends and foes alike, he learned to go on in his work as if the fates impelled him; he came to regard himself,

in a word, as "the man of destiny."That it is never right or

expedient to become oblivious, or even unmindful of the wishes and interests of others, goes without saying. Such a

condition may enable a man to gain his end quickly and thoroughly and may assist him in accomplishing any ambitious purpose, but it will never yield him true and perfect satisfaction. An admirable quality in its way, selfreliance must be

coupled with a proper regard for others, before it can accom200 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

plish its legitimate ends. From regarding his companions in

youth as his enemies, it was a natural step for him to regard them as his tools and as sacrifices to his ambition when his power over them was estabished, and this step was taken.

Men and governmental systems became in his estimation merely the instruments of his selfcentered ambition, to be disposed of, as Wendell Phillips so well expressed it, "like the titular dignitaries of the chessboard."Indeed, this thought

was expressed by Napoleon himself in a manner so striking as to show clearly his estimate of the value of men, as compared with his own schemes of conquest.

It was after one of the most bloody battles in the

Napoleonic wars. Napoleon conqueror had been victorious

in the battle, and, in company with one of his officers, was inspecting the battlefield in order to estimate more accurately the fruits of his victory. The officer was affected by the

scene of desolation and death, and turning his tearful eyes towards the victor, he exclaimed, "Sire, how many gallant fellows have lost their lives today!""True,"said the

conqueror, "but if one wants an omelet one must break a few eggs."I cannot avoid contrasting this careless,

heartless expression with the pathetic incident in Washington's life, when he was moved to tearful prayers at seeing the sufferings of his officers and men at Valley Forge.

We feel that conquests accomplished by the means Napoleon employed, do not deserve to be permanent.

STATEHOOD AND HOW IT WAS ACHIEVED.

BY HON. WM. H. KING, UTAH's REPRESENTATIVE IN CONGRESS.

III.

Utah was further dismembered by the organization of the

Territory of Nevada. Agitators, and opponents of the people

of Utah advocated its annexation to Nevada, after the latter's weakness became apparent. The scheme, if successful,

would have been the most perfect example of the "tail wagging the dog. "In 1867 further effort was made to secure

statehood for "Deseret. "A special election was ordered by

the legislature, and upon a day designated, a constitution for the proposed state was adopted by a vote of nearly 16,000.

Delegate Hooper was also elected representative to congress from the proposed state. He presented the constitution to

congress, and in the same year introduced a bill providing for Utah's admission into the union, but no consideration was given the measure by congress. That body, however,

was the theatre of numerous efforts to abridge the rights of the Mormon people. Both in the house and senate various

measures were introduced from time to time looking to the disfranchisement of the Mormon people, and to their utter deprivation of political liberty and participation in the local concerns of their territory.

On the 7th day of October, 1869, leading citizens from all parts of Utah convened at Salt Lake City for the purpose of memorializing congress against threatened legislation, and to confer statehood upon a people in every way qualified for its enjoyment. At the meeting a strong memorial was presented

and adopted. It was also in the nature of a protest against

202 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the wrongs political and otherwise to which the people had been subjected; it also contained a recitation of the efforts

made to secure statehood, and earnestl)'appealed "to the senate and house of representatives for a dispassionate and unprejudiced consideration of our claims for admission into the union upon an equal footing with other states."Congress

was silent in the face of this solemn, and, indeed, pathetic appeal.

In the meantime the territory was being rapidly developed; its population was increasing; its mineral and agricultural resources discovered and utilized; and its productive

capacity demonstrated. While its growth was phenomenal,

its progresss was stable and permanent. No colony ever

had a greater leader. While Brigham Young lived and planned in the present, he was prophetic, and built and provided

for the future. He was surrounded by great men; and their

interest in Utah's people, in the advancement of the territory, and their solicitude for its future welfare largely accounted for the prosperity of the people. But across the path of

Utah's progress came a cloud. Without pausing to consider

the causes or to indicate which party was at fault, it is sufficient to say that animosities existed between members of the dominant church and those who were not its adherents. While

the refusal of congress to confer statehood prior to the year 1869 cannot be predicated upon opposition from any portion of the people of Utah, I think it can be safely said that the denial of statehood for nearly a quarter of a century thereafter, was based largely upon the opposition thereto from some of the residents of Utah. At any rate the charges of disloyalty preferred, and the representations of the incapacity of

the people for self government, afforded a pretext for the press and pulpit through the land to denounce the Mormon people, and also an excuse to the national legislature for a continuation of the territorial system. In 1870 the elements

opposed to statehood were crystalized into an organization known as the "Liberal Party."This was followed by a

union of the Mormons and their sympathizers in the formation of the "People's Party."For more than two decades

thereafter the political history of Utah is the history of these

STATEHOOD AND HOW IT WAS ACHIEVED. 203

parties. The supporters of each felt, no doubt, that the

existence of such parties was an anomaly, and many hoped for the dawn of that day when the people could align themselves with the great national political organizations. In a

government such as ours a political party should not be the outgrowth of religious controversies, nor should parties be formed to promote or overthrow or control religious thought.

Freedom of thought and religious liberty are the birthright of

Americans; and there is no freedom where they are denied or

abridged. Political parties are necessities. If all the political truths and the principles which would produce perfection

in human government were embodied in one political creed, and the entire community gave allegiance to the party pledged to its enforcement, in time, owing to the weakness of man and his disposition to become oppressive, evils, corruption and tyranny would arise, so that to redress the wrongs then entrenched, an opposition would be organized, either peaceably or by revolution, and a new party formed. Sincere, aggressive, watchful parties, courageously battling for the supremacy of those principles conceived to be necessary to the

attainment of the best government, will produce the highest form of government, will produce the highest type of citizenship and result in the highest form of government. In a free

government no party can long remain in power when it becomes corrupt or infringes the rights of the people. The

question as to the limitations to be placed upon governments, the construction of the fundamental law or constitution, the determination of true functions of government of necessity must occasion honest differences, and these differences will be the basis of party organizations. Religious controversies

should not be the foundation of political parties. Of course

when political parties invade the domain of conscience or religious thought, they should be rebuked, and new alignments for that purpose may be necessary.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

THE SUCCESS OF THE ERA.

The enlargement of the Era from a sixtyfour to an eighty page magazine will be permanent. It was with some

hesitation that the management enlarged the last number, and expressed the hope that it might become permanent; but such

has been the response to the appeal made to those interested in the success of the Era that we feel justified now in saying that the enlargement will be permanent.

It is gratifying to be able to say this because it means that we shall not only do all that we contemplated when the Era was begun, but more. We shall publish a larger and better

magazine than was promised by our prospectus used in the preliminary canvass. And though this enlargement materially

increases our expenses, we shall be able to carry it successfully if our friends continue their efforts to assist us in the work.

That the spirit in which the Era is received, may be known, and how its enlargement is regarded, and its missionary rate appreciated, we take the liberty of quoting a few of the many expressions of appreciation that have come to us from our correspondents. Brother Oleen N. Stohl, Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of Box Elder stake, writes:

Number two of Vol. I. Improvement Era received this morning. Allow

me to congratulate the editors and managers of the Era in getting out so promptly, what I am pleased to speak of to my young brethren as a first class magazine in every particular. I feel confident that I make no mistake

when I say it has come to stay. It will only be a short time until the oflBcers

and members of the improvement associations will feel that they cannot make real success in mutual improvement without it. In visiting the associations in various parts of this stake during this season's work, I have

EDITOR'S TABLE. 206

urged upon the officers and members to subscribe for the Era. This morning, after glancing over the magazine, I resolved that I would make the labor

of getting subscribers for the Era an individual work as well as a labor connected with my calling as superintendent. I got out and instead of getting

one subscriber, as suggested, I succeeded in getting four. I shall not give up

the labor. The cause is a worthy one and I shall do what I can to further

its interests.

Brother Wm. O. Lee, one of the assistant superintendents in Davis stake, writes of the missionary rate and the Era

as follows:

It will be both a good thing for the missionaries and for the Era, the making of that price [one dollar] to send away; and if the missionaries will

scatter the Era in their fields of labor instead of bringing them home to be bound, I'll warrant you will receive many a subscription from abroad. I

imagine I see great things in store for the Era, if the editors are not overburdened with other duties. Success to you and the Era.

Brother James H. Hart, of Bear Lake stake, and one of

the counselors in the presidency of that stake, after inclosing his subscription for the Era, says:

I am very much pleased with the two numbers already received. I

have no doubt that it will become very popular among the youth, and the more aged of the people. I have eulogized it publicly on several occasions

both in this county and in Rich county, Utah. Wishing it all the success

that its originators desire, I am, etc.

Elder A. P. Kesler, the president of the Eastern States

mission, writing under date of November 25th, before he knew of the intention to enlarge the Era, or that a one dollar rate would be made to missionaries, wrote as follows:

I received the Eras O. K., and I am certainly delighted to know that

we have at last a magazine of that sort. It is a splendid thing for our elders, just what we have needed for a long time. I have endorsed its use to

our elders, and many of them will subscribe. I could have sent you a

dozen names of our brethern who will take it, but I thought it best to let them do the business themselves. The Improvement Era will be gratefully received by nearly all of us.

That the success of the Era in starting with so large a circulation is phenomenal, will appear from the following circumstance:

When the Era management made application at the post office in Salt Lake City for the admission of the magazine to 206 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the mails as second class matter, or pound rates, the statement was made that the circulation was 2,000 at that time, Nov. ist.

A few weeks later the postmaster requested the assistant business manager to call upon him in relation to a letter he had received from the third assistant postmaster general at Washington. Upon calling on the postmaster he was informed

that the third assistant desired to have the statement in regard to the subscription list of the Era verified. The postmaster at

Salt Lake stated that they could not understand at Washington, how a magazine could start out in this country with a subscription list of 2,000, as usually magazines commenced with a circulation of a few hundred only.

Had it been known by the post office officials in Washington that the Era had started without one dollar of capital;

that not one dollar of indebtedness had been incurred in launching this enterprise, their astonishment would no doubt have been increased considerably. But however great their

astonishment may be such are the facts in the case.

We refer to these matters not for the purpose of gratifyhesitate to saying any feelings of vanity—though we do not

that the publishers have a reasonable pride in the success with which the Era is meeting, and that pride will, we have no doubt, be shared by the young men of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, whose response to the call to bring into existence an organ of the improvement associations has been at once so prompt and liberal; and made possible this

success. We do not refer to this success, we repeat, to gratify

any feelings of vanity, but we refer to it in order to call the attention of our young brethren to what they can accomplish they unite for the accomthe power within their hands—when

plishment of any purpose; and we want the success that is

attending our united efforts in this present enterprise to be both an inspiration and an assurance of success for future undertakings.

FREE ERAS FOR MISSIONARIES.

When the publishers of the Era concluded to make a one dollar subscription rate to missionaries, as soon as it beEDITOR'S TABLE. 207

gan to be known, it was at once pronounced a good thing, a proper thing to do, the missionaries would now be able to subscribe for the Era and in the magazine would have an this isefficient helper in their work; and at the same time—and

important, since most of them are members of the improvein touch withment association—they would keep imbued and

the spirit of mutual improvement work going on at home;

and would be prepared to join right in that work when they returned home. But it was the purpose of the management

of the Era to do something more than make it easy for the missionaries themselves to subscribe, it was decided to do very much towards sending the magazine to our brethren in the missionary field free; and therefore we invited all who

desired to join us in this good work to do so. Such has been

the response to that invitation that we are able to say now that we are sending to the elders in various missionary fields

SIX HUNDREDS COPIES OF THE ERA FREE FOR ONE YEAR. That is

what we are doing now, and we are confident that we shall do more than this in a few weeks. Six hundred copies of the Era

free to missionaries! But there is no reason why that should not

be increased to one thousand, and we have faith to believe that our free list to the missionaries will be increased to that number before long. The magazine will be distributed in the several

missions in proportion to the number of elders traveling in each.

Residents of Utah having relatives and friends living abroad should also remember that the Era can be mailed from this office to such parties at the same rates allowed missionaries.

BEST THOUGHT SYMPOSIUM.

In the February number of the Era, we desire to open a "Best Thought Symposium. "That is, we invite all who have

promised to contribute to our pages, and all officers and members of the associations, to give us their very best thought in a few words, in no case to exceed one hundred words. The

writers are requested to confine themselves strictly to one idea, to one thought, and to put that in clear, terse language. In

208 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

order that there may be no misunderstanding as to what we want, we give an example or two of single thoughts from good writers, this, for example, from Swift:

I never wonder to see men wicked, but I often wonder to see the m not ashamed.

And again, from the same writer:

When I am reading a book, whether wise or silly, it seems to me to be alive and talking to me.

And this as an example of one of greater length:

The common fluency of -speech in many men, and most women, is owing to a scarcity of matter, and a scarcity of words; for whoever is a

master of language, and hath a mind full of ideas, will be apt in speaking to hesitate upon the choice of both; whereas common speakers have only one

set of ideas, and one set of words to clothe them in; and these are always

ready at the mouth; so people come faster out of church when it is almost

empty, than when a crowd is at the door.

The "Best Thoughts"must be original, we want them to be indeed jzrj, expressed in your language. Nothing more

will be necessary than the "thought,"signed by the writer with his address accompanying it. In order to be in time for

publication in the February number, it will be necessary for copy to be in the hands of the editor by the tenth of January;

but as we shall run the symposium through two numbers of the magazine, all contributions will receive careful attention that come to hand later than that date; and all suitable

"thoughts"will be published. But we would like to receive

as many responses to this invitation as possible during January. The contributors are not limited to any subject; just

give us your best thought on any subject, and use any number of words within the limit of one hundred.

We especially call the attention of the presidents of associations to this matter, and ask them to invite their members to participate in this exercise, as surely nothing can be more conducive to improvement than the expression and interchange of thought.

NEBUCHADNEZZAR'S DREAM.

A gentleman from Alabama asks us several questions concerning the dream of King Nebuchadnezzar, interpreted by

EDITORS TABLE. 209

Daniel the prophet. Both the dream and the interpretations

are recorded in the second chapter of Daniel's prophecy.

The questions bear chiefly on the interpretation of the dream, and more especially on that part which relates to the kingdoms represented by the feet and toes of the image. The

treatment of the subject will require a brief statement of the dream itself. King Nebuchadnezzar saw a great image,

whose brightness was excellent, whose form was terrible.

The head of the image was of gold, his breast and arms of silver, the body and thighs of brass, the legs of iron, and the feet and the toes part of iron and part of clay. The king also

saw a little stone cut out of the mountain without hands, that smote the image upon the feet, and broke it to pieces ground it to powder, in fact, until it became like the chaff of the summer thrashingfloors, and the winds of heaven carried it away, that no place was found for it; but the stone, which

smote the image, became a great mountain and filled the whole earth.

This very remarkable dream is regarded as a prophetic history of the rise and fall of the great political powers that should dominate the destiny of the world from the time it was given until the time of the setting up of the kingdom of

God on earth. We learn from the interpretation given by the

prophet Daniel that the Babylonian kingdom, with Nebuchadnezzar as its king, was represented in the image as the head of gold: that kingdom existed in the fifth and sixth centuries, B. C. The Babylonian kingdom was succeded by the

kingdom of the Medes and Persians, represented in the image by the chest and arms of silver; and was the dominating political

power from about 538 B. C, to 331 B. C. It was succeeded

as a dominant power by the Macedonian empire, represented in the image by the body and thighs of brass, and existed from 331 B. C, to 161 B. C. This great power was succeeded

by the Roman Empire, represented in the image in question by the legs of iron; and ruled the destinies of the world from

the fall of the Macedonian empire to the close of the fourth century, A. D. The Roman Empire was succeeded by the

modern kingdoms of the world, represented in the great image of the dream by the feet and toes, consisting partly of SO 210 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

iron and partly of clay, the striking pecularity of which kingdoms was to be that they would not "cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay.""And in the days of

these kings,"the God of heaven is to set up his kingdom, which is never to be destroyed, nor given to another people than those to whom it is first given. This kingdom is represented in the dream of the Babylonian king by the little stone

cut out of the mountain without hands, which destroys the other kingdoms and fills the whole earth.

In the interpretation usually given by Christian writers to this wonderful revelation of the rise and fall of the great kingdoms of the world, they insist on considering that part of the dream which relates to the setting up of the kingdom of God, as taking place when Jesus of Nazareth established his Church among men by the preaching of the gospel. Against this contention an insurmountable obstacle presents itself. The fact that

the church of Christ was not set up in the days of the kings represented in the feet and toes of the image. On the contrary,

the Messiah established his church at the time when the kingdom represented by the legs of iron, that is, the Roman emit was at the full height ofpire, was in full power—nay, when

its power; and not in the days of the kings represented by the

feet and toes of the image. It is evident, then, that this part

of the great prophecy was not fulfilled in the founding of the church of Christ in Palestine, nineteen centuries ago; but its

fulfillment was reserved for some later time, in the days of the kingdoms that succeeded the Roman empire. Moreover,

it is to be a peculiarity of this kingdom of God, spoken of in the dream, that when it is established among men, it "shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other

people."These terms of the prophecy were not fulfilled in

that institution founded by the personal ministry of Christ.

He himself said to the Jews: "Therefore say I unto you,

the kingdom of God shall be taken from among you, and gwen to a nation bringingforth the fruits thereof,'"'and accordingly the institution founded by the personal ministry of Jesus was evitaken from the Jews and given to the Gentiles—another

dence that the kingdom of God spoken of by Daniel was not "Matt. XXI; 43.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 211

set Up in the days of Messiah's personal ministry in Judea.

Among those who take this latter view of the case are some who think that the terms of the prophecy require that the old Roman empire should be broken up into exactly ten kingdoms, to correspond with the ten toes of the image.

Some of the later sects have taken this view in order, apparently, to justify their own existence; and have attempted to show

just when the Roman empire was divided into ten kingdoms.

In some instances, too, it may be that elders of the Church of Jesus Christ have attempted to argue in the same way.

The writer, however, has never yet seen any argument on those lines that seemed to him conclusive. And then if the

feet and toes of the image are to represent the exact number of kingdoms the state preceding them is to be broken up into, would not the theory demand twelve kingdoms instead of ten, since there are the two feet as well as the ten toes to account for? But all this speculation about the division of the Roman

empire into exactly ten kingdoms is unnecessary, as the kingdoms that arose from the ruins of that empire are represented by the separate pieces of iron and of clay in the feet and toes of the image, rather than by the ten toes and two feet. It is to

be observed that in the other kingdoms represented in the image the members of the parts of the body are not made to stand for the subdivisions of the respective kingdoms; take,

for example, the kingdom of the Medes and Persians, generally conceded to be represented in the image by the arms and chest of silver; nobody insists that you must find ten subdivisions in that kingdom to correspond to the number of

fingers of the hands of the image. Why then should such

an explanation be required in the case of the kingdoms represented by the iron and clay in the feet and toes of the image?

It was upon this point that our correspondent's chief question was asked; namely, when was the Roman empire

divided into ten kingdoms, and was the kingdom of God then established? The answer to the question is to deny the

necessity for maintaining that the terms of the prophecy require that the Roman empire, represented by the legs of iron in the image, must be broken up into just ten or even twelve, 212 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

or any special number of kingdoms; and affirm that the kingdoms that succeed the great empire of Rome are represented

by the pieces of iron and pieces of clay that will not adhere together. With this interpretation one is under no obligation

to prove that the old empire of Rome was divided into exactly ten, or any other number of kingdoms. The kingdoms may

be ten or fifty or a hundred, we do not know; for we do not

know now many pieces of ironn or pieces of clay were in the feet and toes of the image; and it does not matter. We do

know that the great characteristic of those kingdoms shall be a broken, disunited condition: for ''as the toes of the feet

were part of iron and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong and partly broken. And whereas thou sawest

iron mixed with miry clay, they (i. e. these kingdoms or fragments of the old Roman empire) they shall mingle themselves

with the seed of men; but they shall not cleave one to another, even

as iron is not mixed with clay."* This mingling themselves

with the seed of men in a vain attempt at uniting the kingdoms, can have allusion to no other thing than to the custom of the modern kingdoms of Europe marrying and intermarrying in their royal families, in the vain effort to so unite the interests of their kingdoms that they may not be at enmity one towards the other. But for all their

mingling "with the seed of men,"they do not "cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay."But

we have the word of God for it that there shall arise in the days of these kings a kingdom that shall be united—onethat shall never be destroyed—"and the kingdom shall not be

left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume"all the kingdoms that preceded it, "and it shall stand forever;

* * * and the>dream is certain, and the intrepretation thereof sure."

NOTES ON THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.

As was to be expected the three main items in President

McKinley's message to congress, under date of December the 6th, were the Currency Question, Our Relations with Spain

*Dan.lI. 42, 43.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 213

over the Cubau Difficulties, and the Annexation of Hawaii.

Of course the views in regard to the message will be as various as the principles or prejudices of those who express them.

There will be rank partisans who will disagree with the views of the president, for no other reason that they are set forth by one of opposite political faith to their own; and others,

with no more reason, will approve them because they are the utterances of the president elected by the party of which they are members. But leaving on one side these extremists, we

take it that the president's message will in several particulars be a good deal of a disappointment to very many people;

and in nothing more especially than in respect of these very prominent questions we have named.

On the currency question the president may be said to reaffirm the intention of the government to keep all kinds of our very many kinds of currency at par with gold, by making it redeemable in gold on demand. But he calls attention to

the disadvantage at which the government is placed by reason of this supposed duty which devolves upon it; and makes

several recommendations by which he hopes it ma) escape from the difficulties involved in this policy. In the event of

the policy of the recent past being continued—the policy of

keeping up the gold reserve of the treasury by selling interestbearing bonds when it becomes depleted—the president recommends that the secretary of the treasury be given the

power to sell bonds at long or short periods bearing a less rate of interest than is now authorized by law. He further

recommends that as soon as the receipts of the government are quite sufficient to pay all the expenses of the government, that United States notes when presented for redemption in gold, and are redeemed in gold, such notes shall be kept and set apart and only paid out in exchange for gold. In other

words the president recommends in this gradual manner the retirement of the paper currency of the country. He so far

endorses the plan of Secretary Gage for the reform of the currency as to recommend it to the consideration of congress;

and especially concurs in so much of the secretary's plan as recommends that national banks be allowed to issue notes to the face value of the bonds which they have deposited for 214 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

circulation; that the tax on circulating notes secured by the

deposit of the above mentioned bonds be reduced to onehalf of one per cent per annum; that authority be given for the establishment of national banks with a minimum capital of

$25,000, and that the issue of national bank notes be restricted to the denomination of ten dollars. This, with a vaguely expressed hope that something may yet come of efforts to secure the assistance of other nations in bringing about a recognition of J30th gold and silver as money, upon such terms as

will secure the use of both metals upon a basis which shall work no injuries to any class of our citizens, may be said to be the sum of the president's recommendations on the currency question.

The free silver advocates of the country will, of course, be in disagreement with the recommendations, and it will be questionable if the pronounced gold advocates will be entirely satisfied with the absence of a direct declaration in favor of the single gold standard, while the faintly expressed hope that something may yet be done in recognition of silver as a money metal, through the means of international agreement, will come to be looked upon as a halfre- gretful glance towards the advocates of bimetallism with whom at one time the president was suspected of being inclined to

flirt.

The views of the president in relation to Cuba are, perhaps, the only ones that could now be expressed on that subject by the president of the United States, namely: Let

us wait. Spain has announced a new Cuban policy, and has

placed its administration under new officers, of more humane disposition than those who lately managed Spain's affairs in

Cuba. Under these circumstances, in substance says President McKinley, we should wait patiently to see what effect

this new policy of reconciliation, together with the offer of a liberal measure of home rule for the island, will have upon the insurgent Cubans; for, after all, the main thing to be achieved

in any intervention the United States might finally make, is securing the contentment of the inhabitants of that now unhappy island. That the policy heretofore pursued by the

EDITOR'S TABLE. 215

United States in regard to Cuba has been altogether unworthy of our nation can scarcely admit of question. That the United

States long ago, in the name of humanity, should have intervened in Cuban affairs seems to us to have been the plain duty of our government. We say nothing of our own wellnigh ruined commerce with this "Gem of the Antilles;"nor

anything of the destruction of the property belonging to

American citizens in Cuba; nor of outrages perpetrated upon

American citizens, for which no indemnity that Spain can pay, will wholly compensate. All this may be set on one side, and

there still remains sufficient grounds for the just interference of our nation on the score of humanitarian considerations. It

has long been a political maxim that where a nation can rule only as she destroys, she ought not to be permitted to rule; and that this is the case with Spain in Cuba has been

abundantly proven in the past two years of war—to say nothing of the experience of the last thirty years, half of which

time has been spent in open war in that island. The barbarous cruelties practiced by late CaptainGeneral Weyler, so

repugnant to the usages of civilized warfare, would have justified American intervention any time within the past eighteen months. But those cruelties did not awaken our government

to intervention; the administration in Spain, under which

they were perpetrated, was succeeded by one pledged to a new policy, a policy of reconciliation through the concession of autonomy to Cuba, but maintaining Spanish sovereignty in the island. Under these circumstances and at this

particular juncture there is nothing to do but wait, as the president counsels, until the effect of this new policy shall be known. But this new condition that has arisen in

to predict failurethe affairs of Cuba—of which we make bold

will never excuse the tardiness of our government's movements in this matter, neither under the present nor the late administration.

President McKinley quotes extensively from the message of the late president U. S. Grant, on Cuban affairs, sent to

congress in December, 1875, when what has come to be known in Cuban history as the Ten Year's War was raging.

President Grant then in effect counseled a conservative course, and a policy of nonintervention; and President McKinley

216 JMPROVEMENT ERA.

quotes the language oi this idolized American, evidently for the purpose of excusing his own administration for its vigorless course. President McKinley, however, ought to remember that the world ''do move,"and has moved during the

last twentytwo years; and that this present revolt in Cuba,

following so closely upon the heels of the one scarcely subdued by ten years of war, gives another, and we think final, proof of Spain's inability to govern Cuba; and hence the

conservatism of President Grant, in 1875, is not in place in 1897. In this attempt to cover himself with the policy cloak

of a popular president who preceded him, as in the faintly expressed hope that something may yet come of negotiations with other nations concerning the establishment of bimetalism, the president exhibits the traits of the politician, rather than the characteristics of the statesman.

The president plainly urges the annexation of the Hawaiian

Islands; and in spite of all that may be urged against it, this

appears to be the only policy that can be pursued in respect of those islands. Fate seems to have seized the helm of the

destiny of the Hawaiian Islands, and directs their incorporation as an integral part of the United States. We say this

because we believe the existence of those islands either as an independent monarchy or an independent republic is now out of the question, the possibility of it has passed away;

and concerning them it has became a plain and inevitable question of annexation to some one of several great powers

Germany, England, Japan or the United States. And in the

presence of such an issue as this there is but one conclusion annexation to the United States. The preponderance of

American interests in the islands demands it. The ever increasing importance of our Pacific commerce demands it.

The future power which our nation by the very force of events will be compelled to exercise in the Pacific demands it; and

in response to all these demands the only course for our government is to annex the Hawaiian Islands; and this as

much in the interest of the native inhabitants of those islands as in the interests of American citizens, and the influence of the United States in the Pacific. For if not annexed to the

United States and guaranteed the rights of American citizenship, by which they will obtain some measure of control of their local government, the native people will become the prey of adventurers who will rule over and oppress them in the event of a continuation of a precarious independence; and they would

become but colonial vassals in the event of annexation to any other nation.

OUR WORK,

NAPOLEON ON THE CHARACTER OF CHRIST.

As the main subject under consideration in the meetings of the improvement associations during the present season's work is the Life of Jesus, his character and doctrines, anything that throws light upon this subject, or invests it with interest, will assist in the work of the associations. And

beyond question the estimation in which that wonderful character which arose in Palestine some nineteen centuries ago, and which ever since has filled the world with wonder and with admiration—the estimation, we say,

in which that character has been held by other great characters, will ever be of absorbing interest to those making a study of the life and character of

Jesus. And of all great men who have left on record their views of the

character of Jesus, those of Napoleon, emperor of the French, will be of greatest interest. Chiefly, perhaps, because these two. Napoleon and

Jesus, are most antithetical, both as to career and character, motives and principles. One, the incarnation of force, the other, of love. One

sought to influence men by an appeal to their selfish interests, or by playing upon their fears; the other by an appeal to their love, and the manifestation

of a solicitude for their eternal welfare. One relied upon the power of the

sword, the other upon the power of persuasion. The first founded a kingdom

not only of this earth, but one that was supremely of the earth earthy; while

the other founded the kingdom of heaven, wherein the law of love shall be supreme. The kingdoms which they founded, no less than their methods

and their characters, are antithetical to each other; but the one has passed

away while the other remains; and, like him from whom it had its origin,

shall never see corruption and never know decay. But opposite as was

this earthmonarch. Napoleon, to heaven's King of Kings, and no less unlike Jesus in his principles and character than in the nature of the work he

accomplished—it will be of interest to hear what the Infinitely Less says of

the Infinitely Greater; and this is what he says:

"From first to last Jesus is the same, always the same—majestic and

simple, infinitely severe and infinitely gentle. Throughout a life passed under the public eye, he never gives occasion to find fault. The prudence of

his conduct compels our admiration by its union of force and gentleness.

Alike in speech and action, he is enlightened, consistent and calm. Sublimity is said to be an attribute of divinity. What name then shall we give

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

him, in whose character were united every element of the sublime? I know

men, and I tell you that Jesus Christ is not a man. Everything in him

amazes me. His spirit outreaches mine, and his will confounds me. Comparison is impossible between him and any other being in the world. He is

truly a being by himself. His ideas and his sentiments, the truth that he

announces; his manner of convincing; are all beyond humanity, and the

natural order of things. His birth and the story of his life; the profoundness of his doctrine, which overturns all difficulties, and is their most complete solution. His gospel, the singularity of his mysterious being; his appearance; his empire; his progress through all centuries and kingdoms—all

this is to me a prodigy, an unfathomable mystery. I see nothing here of man.

Near as I may approach, closely as I may examine, all remains above my with a greatness that crushes me. It is in vain thatcomprehension—great

life like I reflect—all remains unaccountable! I defy you to cite another

that of Christ."

USES OF THE IMPROVEMENT FUND.

The following is the body of a note recently received from one of the presidents of an association.

"It is hard to convince all of the necessity of the Improvement

Fund. Please tell us in the next number of the Era for zuhat purposes

it is used.'"

The Improvement Fund, namely, the sum made up by the payment of fifty cents a year by the members of the associations, was established to meet the expenses, local and general, necessarily attendant upon the work of the associations. Of whatever amount is collected the ward association where

it is collected takes out ten per cent of it to pay for fuel and lights; for

association minute books, stationery, etc. The balance is sent to the stake

treasurer who deducts fifteen per cent of the amount received by him to meet the expenses of the stake superintendency and his board of aids—that

is, in supplying stationary, etc., and, where expense is incurred

in visiting the various settlements under their jurisdiction, in meeting those expenses, or any other outlay that may legitimately arise in the prosecution of their labors. After these deductions are made by the ward and the stake

officers from what is collected, the balance is to be forwarded to the general treasurer of the associations—Wm. S. Burton, Salt Lake City, Utah—who

pays it out on the orders of the general superintendency and the general board of assistants, who pass upon every item of expense incurred and make appropriations to cover the same at their regular weekly meetings, which convene on Wednesday evenings. We refer the officers and members of the associations, and especially those who are unconverted to the necessity of the Improvement Fund, to the list of the names of the men who make up this

general superintendency and board of assistants, as a guarantee both of the necessity, the wisdom, and the honesty of those expenditures. The names

OUR WORK. 219

of the general superintendency and board of assistants will be found in the

Manual for 1897, page vii.

The uses to which the part of the fund which comes to the general treasurer is put are as follows: stationery, the rent of office, the employment

of a secretary, all of which are imperative necessities in our work. In addition to this the general superintendency find it necessary to send representatives to various stakes of Zion to assist in carrying on the work they have

in hand; usually this representative is a member of the board of assistants,

and as it often happens that he has no transportation over the railroads, his traveling expenses have to be paid out of the Improvement Fund, as in all good conscience it cannot be expected that the brethren engaged in this work can give their time to it and in addition to that pay their own traveling expenses. Heretofore the amount collected for this fund has been insufi&cient to meet the necessary expenditures of the general board, and stakes

receiving visitors from headquarters have been under the necessity of paying the traveling expenses of their visitors. This, however, has not been done

lately, and we hope the necessity for it will never arise again, but trust that there will be enough means in the treasury to meet such expenses.

This is what the Improvement Fund is used for now, that is, what little there is of it. If it was more generally paid, so that the general board had it

on hand, there is much more that could oe done with it. For example, if the

means had been on hand in the treasury, tracts and books suitable for free distribution could have been supplied our M. I. Missionaries now traveling

among the associations, and these placed in the hands of careless or indifferent young men, so that the written word as well as the oral word could have been employed to bring to pass the conversion of the wayward and indifferent of our youth. O, there are uses enough to which this fund can be

applied, and all of which are essential to the full development of our work among the young men of the church.

Apropos these questions about the purposes for which the fund is used, we remember that collection week for this year was the third week in November; and the general conference in July decided that all funds collected

this year should be forwarded by the first of January to the general treasurer at Salt Lake City. We call attention to this matter here in order to remind the superintendents of stakes and stake treasurers that the first of

January has arrived; and that they should give this matter their immediate

attention. Much inconvenience and annoyance has been occasioned by

ward and stake treasurers failing to forward promptly the funds they have collected, sometimes holding moneys collected for months without making any report of the same—a mistake, worse than a mistake, positively bad

business procedure, which we hope will be avoided during the present year.

Presidents of ward associations, as well as superintendents of stakes should see to it that it is not done this year. One of the best lessons in improve220 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ment, and probably one of the most needed, is to teach our officers that public business should be discharged with the same promptness, integrity, and carefulness as private business.

M. I. A. MISSION WORK.

The missionary work to be carried on among the associations this winter was inaugurated by a number of the young missionaries called to that labor, on the evening of the second of December, at American Fork, Utah county, where public meetings of a very interesting character in the evenings of the remainder of that week, and the Sunday following, were held.

Sunday the 5th also witnessed the work extended into the surrounding settlements—into Alpine, Lehi, and Pleasant Grove. In these places the work

was continued until the middle of the week, when most of the brethren were sent out to new fields of labor. Elder Frank Y. Taylor went into Weber stake

to take charge of the work in that county, where a number of elders had been sent to meet him and labor under his direction. Elder Edward Clyde of Heber

City, Wasatch county, was appointed to take charge of the work in Juab and Millard stakes. Elder Charles A. Welch was appointed to direct the

elders appointed to labor in Sanpete stake. And Elder Heber Jex, of Spanish

Fork, was subsequently sent into Beaver county to take charge of the work there. While Elders G. A. Iverson, of Manti, and Charles Alleman, of Springville, remained in Utah county to carry on the work there under the direction

of Elder Able J. Evans, who has been appointed to direct the movements of

the elders who have been and who may hereafter be appointed to travel in

Utah county. Since these brethren have gone to their respective fields,

several of them have made reports of the most encouraging character, in which they say that large additions are being made to the associations where their work is being carried on. They also report that they are kindly

received by the saints, who welcome them to their homes and assist them in their efforts to come in contact with those who, heretofore, have manifested but little interest in mutual improvement work. The local authorities of the

wards are also taking an interest in the work of the M. I. Missionaries,

and are granting them every opportunity to hold public meetings. On every

hand the prospect seems bright for a united effort in awakening a renewed interest in the great work that the Mutual Improvement Associations have in hand; for everywhere the missionary brethren are being made welcome

and assisted in their efforts to arouse our youth to a deeper sense of their opportunities, their great privileges, and grave responsibilities.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH BY THOMAS HULL, SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

November 21st: An important congress of the Methodist Episcopal

Church opens in Pittsburg, Pa. * * * great fire broke out

in Melbourne, Australia. It is estimated the loss will reach one million

pounds ($5,000,000). * * * Dreadful suffering continues in

Cuba among the reconcentrados 2271(1: A sensation is created in the Methodist Episcopal Conference,

at Pittsburg, by the reading of a paper by E. G. Conklin on "Evolution and

Revelation,"in which he maintains the doctrine of evolution as opposed to that of special creation; evolution was not popular in the congress. * * *

Advices from Havana, state that General Panda has left that city to take charge of the campaign against the Cuban insurgents. He has instructions

from Captain General Blanco to treat with the Cubans for peace. He is

sending emissaries among the insurgents with that object in view.

2jrd: In a report based on the request of the German Government as

to what has been the experience of the U. S. Government with women

employes. First Assistant Postmaster General Heath says: There are 7,670

women postmasters and 8, 000 women who have taken the oath of office to qualify for conducting the business of postoffices. The same salary is

paid them as to men for the same class of work, and ranges from $240 to $1,800 per annum. * * * r. and Mrs. Gladstone arrived in

London, England, on their way to Cannes, France. * * * ".n

exceptionally competent friend"of the Vienna correspondent of the London

Times, expresses the opinion that the trade barrier between Europe and

America suggested by Count Goluchowsky, since the rejection of the proposals of the Wolcott monetary commission, are likely to be forestalled by a monetary barrier raised by America, and further predicts "the adoption of the silver dollar as the standard coin from the north pole to Patagonia would be a powerful lever in the realization of the PanAmerican programme of the politicians of the United States "24th: The Lewisville Evening Journal, says editorially: Much as

every true friend of American interest may deprecate it, it may now be regarded as settled that the congressional campaign of next year must be fought out on the lines of 1S96. * * * Another disgraceful

scene occurs in the lower house of the Austrian Reichsrath (parliament);

challenges to fight duels, and abusive language were exchanged on all sides.

The disorder was such that the public in the galleries cried shame on the deputies. 2jth: At a school children's entertainment given in Fillmore, Utah, a

foolish panic ensues upon the accidental igniting of a box of tableau powder.

Fortunately no serious accident or loss of life occurs. * * * q.

other disgraceful scene occurs in the Austrian Reichsrath. A railing is

erected around the president's chair in order to protect him from the violence of the deputies. * * * Prime Minister Sagasta of Spain has re222 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ceived over loo dispatches asking that the Cuban autonomy scheme be suspended. 26th: Dispatches received in Berlin, Germany, state that a conflict has

taken place between the French and British forces in Africa, over the boundary line of the territory of the respective nations. The report is discredited in London and Paris. * * * xhe riotous proceedings

continue in the Austrian Reichsrath. Deputies rush upon the president's

desk and destroy the papers there. The president is compelled to flee and

the police after compelling the deputies to leave the president's platform form a cordon around it. Several leading deputies are ejected forcibly from

the chamber. At night 10,000 people gathered on the streets and threatened

the government with revolution and the premier. Count Badeni, with the

guillotine.

zyth: As a result of the riotous proceedings in the lower house of the

Austrian parliament, it is said that the Emperor, Francis Joseph, intends to demand the resignation of the Austrian premier. Count Badeni, and to dissolve the Reichsrath and order new elections. * * * f je

steamer "Gaelic"from the Orient, which arrived in San Francisco today, brought accounts of the dreadful typhoon which swept over the Phillipine isles on October 6th. Whole towns were swept away and it is estimated

that 500 Europeans and 6,000 natives perished.

28th: There is every indication that there will be great suffering for

food if not actual starvation, this winter, in the Klondike country. * * *

The San Francisco Chronicle says the Chinese government will expend $40, 000 in the erection of a school building and in bringing a corps of teachers from China for the education of the Chinese youth of San Francisco in both

English and Chinese branches. * * * The members of the

Austrian Cabinet tender their resignations and they are accepted by Emperor

Francis Joseph, who intrusted Baron Goutsch with the task of forming a new cabinet.

2gth: The worst storm which has visited England for years, prevailed

there today. Nearly every coast town has suffered severely and many large

vessels and hundreds of small ones have been wrecked.

joth: Silver reaches the highest point in four months. It is quoted

at 59 in New York.

December ist: A report reaches Havana that General Pando, who was

placed in charge of the campaign in Cuba by General Blanco, has been killed in an engagement with insurgents in Santa Clara province.

2nd: Mrs. Nancy Allison McKinley, the aged mother of. President

McKinley, was stricken with paralysis at an early hour this morning.

Syd: Captain General Blanco asks the Spanish government to furnish

him the funds to create a volunteer corps of whites and negroes to reply to the guerrilla tactics of the Cubans by similar warfare; and is confident that

by the adoption of such a plan, all except the eastern part of Cuba can be pacified by June next.

4lh: According to the report of State Superintendent of Public Instruction, John R. Park, the total school population of Utah is 81,882.

There are 41,061 white boys, and 40,627 white girls; while there are 107

colored boys and 77 colored girls of school age. * * * There

appears to be great danger of civil war in Austria. The factions there are

drawing themselves up almost like contending armies with the Germans on one side and Czechs or Bohemians on the other. The object of the Czechs

is to so change the compact between Austria and Hungary, that Bohemia will be on equal footing with the Germans in the national alliance.

th: Senators Cannon and Rawlins and Congressman King arrive at

the capital. * * * The Italian Cabinet has resigned. It is regarded as a political move to make possible the security of a unanimous

cabinet by the Marquis di Rudini.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 228

6th: The regular session of congress opens at noon today—President

McKinley's first regular message is presented to congress and discusses among other things:

The financial question, recommending a revision of the currency, and urges that when government notes are redeemed by gold they shall not be reissued except for gold:

The Cuban situation, recommending that Spain be given an opportunity to try her policy of reconciliation in settling Cuban difficulties:

Hazvaiin annexation, which he strongly recommends:

The Walcott Monetary Commission, eulogizing the members for their labors: Reciprocity treaties, and hopes that by means of them our commerce may be enlarged:

International Arbitration, promising his support to treaties having this object in view:

The A'azy, recommending the construction of docks on both coasts:

Conditions in Alaska, urging the early attention of congress thereto, looking to the securing of civil government there, and recommending that steps be taken for the relief of Dawson City, if conditions there make it necessary: Pacific railroads, reporting the sale of the Union Pacific, and stating that the government will bid for the purchase of the Kansas Pacific. He

urges the continued development of the congressional library, the exercise ofeconomy, and concludes with the words—"It is a commanding duty to keep

the appropriations within the receipts of the government and thus prevent a deficit. "* * * Estimates presented to congress, by Secretary

Gage, show that $462,647,885 will be required for the operation of the several departments of the government for the fiscal year ending.June 30th.

1899. yth: The report of the secretary of the treasury for the fiscal year

ending June 25, 1897, shows the receipts of the government to be $430,387,- 167.89 and the expenditures $448,439,622.30; a deficit of $18,052,454.41.

8th: Representative W. H. King is now of the opinion that until legislation is had by congress as to the style of building to be erected, no steps

will be taken by the secretary of the treasury towards the selection of a site for a post office in Salt Lake City. * * * Secretary of the

Treasury Gage has submitted to the department of state a report upon filibustering expeditions to Cuba. He shows that out of sixty alleged expeditions, all except six have been frustrated, thirtythree of them by the direct

action of the United States, while only four have been frustrated by Spain.

He states that if the Spanish patrol had been one half as active as that of the United States, not one man nor one cartridge would have been illicitly landed in Cuba from the United States.

gth: The directors of the postal telegraph, in New York, decided to

spend a quarter of a million dollars in the construction of a line to Salt Lake,

Butte, Helena and Anaconda.

loth: In an interview with Representative King, Secretary of the

Treasury Gage promised to earnestly cooperate with Mr. King in his

efforts to obtain an appropriation for the erection of a public building in

Salt Lake City. * * Hon. Wm. J. Bryan arrives in Mexico,

and receives a telegram from President Diaz, welcoming him to the country, as soon as he crossed the Rio Grande. * * * -phe house of

representatives today passed the pension appropriation bill without amendments. As passed, the bill involves the expenditure of $141,263,880 for

pensions. nth: The contracts between the State of Utah and the Lake Bonneville Water and Power company was signed today. The company will

build in Millard county, three immense reservoirs and 720 miles of canals 224 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and laterals, and when completed the cost will have reached $3,100,000.

It is said the company will employ, in the construction of this great system of irrigation, from 1,800 to 2,400 men, for a period of eighteen months.

* * * Mrs. Nancy Allison McKinley, mother of President

McKinley, died peacefully at a few minutes past 2 o'clock this morning.

She had been gradually sinking, day by day, since she was stricken with paralysis ten days ago. She was nearly 90 years of age. The president was

at her bedside when she passed away. * * * xhe commissioners

of the District of Columbia ha%'e approved Senator Cannon's scheme for a great relief map of the United States.

12th: The Civil Federation of Chicago has issued a call for a conference to be held in New York city on Jan. 14th and 15th, 1898, to consider

methods and to discuss the reforms in primary elections and how to get voters to attend the primaries after fair laws are secured. * * *

The Marquis di Rudini, who was entrusted, by King Humbert, with the formation of a new cabinet, has reported to the king that he has, so far, failed to accomplish the task.

13th: Hon. Wm. J. Bryan arrived in the City of Mexico and is received with honors. * * * xhe supreme court of the United

States handed down a decision today in the New Mexico case of the Springer

Land Association vs. Patrick Ford in which it is held that a mechanic's lien

upon an irrigation system applies to the land held under its canals as well as to the irrigation system itself.

14th: The funeral of Mrs. McKinley, mother of the president, took

place today; thousands were in attendance. * * * Mr. Bryan

addresses the Mexican congress and is received with great enthusiasm.

* * * Representative King secures the promise of cooperation from Secretary of the Interior Bliss, in a movement to expedite the opening of the Uintah reservation in Utah.

ith: The National Board of Trade, in session at Washington, D. C,

endorses the single gold standard. * * * box containing explosives and so arranged as to explode upon opening was found today at

Casa Neuva, where the United States consulate in Havana is situated.

i6th: Senator Hanna and five other senators call upon President McKinley and urge the revision of President Cleveland's orders of last year,

by which the civil service regulations were extended. * * * According to advices received by the St. James Gazette, London, the Spanish

government is so alarmed at the reception given Gen. Weyler in Madrid, by

the populace, that artillery has been posted at concealed points, commanding the main thoroughfares and fears are entertained of a rebellion.

ijth: The flattering reports from the new copper mining district in

Paradox valley and La Sal mountains in Utah and Colorado, will induce the

Rio Grande Western to build a branch line to that section. * *

The National Civil Service Reform League assembled in Cincinnati, Ohio, today elected Carl Schurz president by acclamation. * * * Xhe

downfall of the Dole government and the restoration of the Monarchy with

Kaiulau, niece of the lately deposed queen, on the throne, under British domination, is the future predicted for Hawaii, by the friends of annexation at Washington. It is reported by the New York Herald's correspondent at

Washington that the senate committee on foreign relations have evidence in hand that proves that there is some secret work now going on in this direction. * * * Xhe monetary commission reached the conclusion

of its deliberations today, and the chairman, exSenator Edmunds, declared the commission adjourned without day. Some slight differences of opinion

as to minor details of the report were in evidence to the last, but the report, as it will be signed, is practically unanimous.

Improvement Era, The New Organ of the

I.Y. /n. n. ASSOCIATIONS.

$:2.00 FeiMnnum,

In /\dL\/etrrcem.

,. JOSEPH F. SMITH, [ 'r//''-.

B. H. ROBERTS, (

)., HEBER J. GRANT,

THOMAS HULL, \ ''''''"'/

Every officer and member of Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations and

every one interested in the progress of the

associations should subscribe.

Send subscriptions to THOS. HULL,

Asst. Business Manager,

214 TEMPLETON BLDG,

SALT LAKE CITY.

%r Xt. aj:. I. c

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. DIRECTORS: OFFICERS;

WILFORD WOODRUPf, President. Jos.H.J F.Grant,Smith, PJ T.R. Farnsworlh,tames,

GEO. Q. CAliMON, VicePresident. G. Romney, John Henry Smith,

IHOS, G. WEBBER, Secretary. J. R. 'Winder, F. M. Lyman,

H. DinwQodey, Anthon H. Lund,

&.. W. CARLSON, Treasurer. ORGANIZED 1868. Wm. H. Molntyre.

/Vlanufacturers, Importers and [Dealers in

GENERAL MERCHANDISE;

.W lOLESALE AND RETAIL. Mm.vi.ViK<OiKnn

"In regard to this cooperative institution, it is our duty to bring good goods here and sell them as low as possible, and divide the profits with the people at large."Prest. Brigham Young in 1868,

These fundamental principles have been and are our guide.

The thousands who deal with us know this, and hence we retain their patronage.

T. G. WEBBER, Superintendent.

ftfi l?'ft00'*WWWOW

Swift's

SILVER LEAF LflRD.

')K WINCHESTER MMS WINCHESTER BREflKFflST BftbGN

Absolutely

THE FINEST ON THE MARKET.

For Sale at Every First Glass Grocery.