NOTICE TO READER:

When you finish reading this magazine place a 1 cent stamp on this notice, hand same to any postal employee and it will be placed in the hands of our soldiers or sailors at the front. No -wrapping—no address.

A. S. Burleson, Postmas.erGeneral

'U M P"J C—rj CCQ L

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement 2 Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City,Utah!

I Want to Send You This GRAFONOLA FOR 5 DAYS'USE! FREE FACTORY FRIGEEASIEST TERMS

j? Send No Money—

I Pay Freight- '%***.**

Wherever you live in the Western States I'll send you this world famous Columbia Grafonola with the true "Tone of Life"that simply can't be imitated, and your choice of records from a list of thousands. Place them in your home

and use them exactly as though they were your own, for 5 days. Enjoy them as much as you like—invite the neighif you aren't bors—hold dances and happy parties. Then

entirely sure you want to keep the outfit, return it at our expense and the trial won't cost you a copper cent.

> Easiest terms if you do keep it

Send coupon for free books

COL. JOSEPH J. DAYNES, Jr., Preident,

DaynesBeebe Music Co., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Sir:—You may send me FREE and Postpaid, beautifully illustrated

Catalogs, showing ALL styles of GRAFONOLAS (in colors) and giving

LOWEST FACTORY PRICES and Terms. Also Big FREE 424 page

Record Book and full details of your FREE TRIAL OFFER. This does

not obligate me in the least.

Name

Addres

WHEN WRITING JQ ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HYRUM MACK SMITH Hyrum Mack Smith, eldest son of President Joseph F. Smith

and his wife> Edna Lambson Smith, was born in Salt Lake City,

March 21, 1872. In his youth he was carefully reared under the

watchcare and love of his father and mother, which extended also into his manhood. He grew up a man of honor, unblemished and

pure, a typical product of his father's home where ideals of honor are uppermost. He received his education in the public schools

of Salt Lake City, and the Latterday Saints University from.which

he graduated in the class of 1894. As a student he was keen and

active, a favorite among his classmates and friends. He married

Miss Ida Bowman, of Ogden, November 15, 1895, and on the evening of the next day departed for his first mission to Great

Britain, laboring there'as an ordinary elder in the Leeds conference. In October, 1896, he was set apart to preside over the New

Castle conference which position he filled with honor until released to return home in February, 1898. At home he became

an active missionary in the Salt Lake stake where his talents and energy were recognized by those who watched his progress. He

was called to fill various Church positions in all of which, including his quorum activities, he was zealous and faithful. On the

division of the Salt Lake stake he became a resident of that part known as the Granite stake where he continued his active missionary and quorum labors. He became the first stake Sunday

School secretary of the Granite stake.

In temporal affairs he developed marked ability, and was for a time connected with Z. C. M. I. and in later life with a number

of leading business concerns.

On October 24, 1901, he was ordained an apostle by President

Joseph F. Smith, he having been chosen a member of the Council

of Twelve Apostles, being recognized by them as a man fit in every way for that responsible position. At the time of his death

he s'ood fourth in point of seniority in the Council as then organized, President Heber J. Grant, Elders Rudger Clawson and Reed

Smoot being his seniors.

On September 18, 1913, he was called to succeed Elder Rudger

Clawson as President of the European Mission and was in Germany on a missionary tour, at the time of the outbreak of the war.

He met with signal success in calling in the missionaries, arranging their movements, and modifying their work according to the war situation. Returning home on September 15, 1916, he continued his work with renewed energy and enthusiasm, added power

and comprehensiveness, and his utterances from the pulpit and in conversation were keen disquisitions on the doctrines of the gospel, the work of the Loid, as well as upon the great war. On

his mission his wife aided him ably and untiringly.

His middle name, Mack, was a family name given him by his father in honor of Lucy Mack Smith, who was the mother of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, and the Patriarch Hyrum Smith who was

President Joseph F. Smith's father. Hyrum M. Smith was a strict

observer of the word of wisdom, never having tasted tea, coffee, tobacco or strong drinks. In every way, he not only lived in harmony with the principles of truth, but was one of the strongest

teachers of the gospel among his brethren. He often reproved with

sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy Ghost, but afterwards, in conformity with the word of God, showed forth an increase of love toward him or them whom he bad reproved, lest they might deem him an enemy. On earth he was a teacher of righteousness, an advocate of justice, and an exemplar of purity. In

the world to come, glory, immortality and eternal life are his.

HYRUM MACK SMITH

Bom, Salt Lake City, Utah, March 21, 1872; ordained an Apostle,

October 24, 1901; died, January 23, 1918.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXI MARCH, 1918 No. 5

In Memoriam

Hyrum Mack Smith, an Apostle in the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

With the pulpits of the great Tabernacle covered in beautiful flowers, wtih every seat in the vast building occupied by representative men and women, not only from in and around Salt Lake City, but from many distant parts of the Church, the funeral services for Elder Hyrum M. Smith, of the

Council of Twelve Apostles, were held on Sunday, January 27, 1918, at 1 o'clock p. m.

It was a remarkably memorable occasion in which the outpourings of love and sympathy for the bereaved were freely given, the Holy Spirit was keenly felt and enjoyed, and just praise for the departed freely expressed from every heart. The keen grief of President Joseph F. Smith, and.the

mother of Hyrum, Mrs. Edna Lambson Smith, and Hyrum's wife and children, must have been sweetly assuaged by the love, sympathy, and homage

paid to them, and to their beloved son, husband, and father, by the speakers, the vast congregation, and by letters and telegrams of condolence from all parts of the Church.

Church officials, including presidents of stakes, bishops, and heads of the auxiliary and temple organizations were seated in bodies, in regular order.

The floral tributes were exquisite in beauty and arrangement, shedding a rich fragrance throughout the great building.

Members of the Council of the Twelve, led by President Heber J. Grant,

acted as pallbearers. As they entered with the casket at the north door, the

congregation arose to their feet and remained standing until the family were seated in front of the flowerbedecked pulpits at the foot of which the casket was placed in the midst of a wilderness of bloom.

President Anthon H. Lund presided over the services, announcing the

opening hymn, "A Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief,"which was sung by the

Tabernacle choir.

Bishop Jacob Mauss, of Waterloo, of whose ward Elder Hyrum M.

Smith was a member, offered the prayer, a humble and fervent appeal to the Lord to bless and comfort, in their grief, the parents, wife and family of the departed.

The choir sang the hymn, "I Know That My Redeemer Lives."Then

followed the announcement, by President Lund, of the speakers whose eulogies of the departed and whose doctrinal sermons of comfort are given herewith in full:

President Heber J. Grant

I earnestly desire the benefit of the faith and prayers of the

Ik. 380 IMPROVEMENT ERA

avidience, that I may be able to say something encouraging and comforting to those who mourn upon this sad occasion. I rejoice in knowing that my Redeemer lives. I rejoice in the

knowledge that our brother, whose body lies before us, had a perfect knowledge of the divinity of the mission of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I rejoice in knowing that there were

none of the principles of life and salvation but what he received with all his heart, and that each and all of the wonderful and marvelous blessings, which are beyond the language of man to fully tell, which will come to those who have a knowledge of the Savior and who live the gospel of Jesus Christ, will come to our beloved brother. I rejoice in a knowledge that he has

gained the highest of all the blessings that God can give to man, namely, life eternal in the presence of our Father, and our Redeemer, of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and of the faithful ones who have died before. I know of none of the brethren, with

whom I have been associated, who had a more perfect and absolute knowledge of the Gospel, or who took more real pleasure in preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. I know of no one

who was more faithful in the calling that came to him as a special witness of our Lord and Redeemer, Jesus Christ, than was Brother Hyrum M. Smith. It has fallen to my lot, in connection with the other members of his quorum, to travel with

him and to listen to his inspired words in proclaiming the gospel of Jesus Christ to the Saints, and I have been able to remark to my family and to others, that in all my travels, week after week, no man of our quorum has ever fed me the bread of life, touched my heart, and caused me to rejoice more in the gospel of Jesus Christ, that you and I have espoused, than did our dearly beloved brother whose remains lie before us today. His

death comes as a great shock to each and every member of the

Council to which he belonged. Such a thing as his being called

from us, in his young manhood, had never entered our hearts.

this kind. In our thoughtsWe had never thought of anything of

we had builded for him a future of great labor in this Church, and this had given us almost perfect faith that his life would be preserved to the people for many years yet to come.

I pray, with all the power that I possess, that God will comfort and bless and strengthen his father, his mother, his wife and all of his family, and all who mourn upon this occasion. If you

and I can be as faithful, as loyal, as true, from day to day, and as diligent and willing to labor, as our brother has been, then our future happiness and salvation in this life and in the life to come will be assured. That God may help us to so live that

when the battle of life is o'er, we shall be permitted to meet

.4 IN MEMORIAM 381

Brother Hyrum in our Father's kingdom, is my prayer, and I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Elder Orson F. Whitney

I have no words for this occasion. My heart is too full.

Speech seems almost like a desecration. I feel like one who is

wandering in a painful dream and who thinks he will soon awaken. I wish I could. I was not prepared for the sad event

that has robhed us, for a time, of the society of our dear brother,

Hyrum M. Smith. I loved this man. He was my friend, and I

was his friend; and we are still friends.

I am glad that I could be one of those who were with him almost in his last hours. I was with him and his brother, Joseph

F., Jr., on Friday, five days before his death. We were associated in committee work; and as Hyrum arose to depart, he

complained of a slight pain in the abdomen. But in his genial

way he passed it off with a half jocular remark and proceeded homeward. That was the last I saw or heard of him until early

Sunday morning, when, with Elder James E. Talmage, I was

summoned to his bedside. It was about one o'clock, and the

message that came stated that Brother Hyrum was seriously ill.

We were the only members of the Council of the Twelve then available; the others being engaged elsewhere. We hastened to

his home, and found him suffering very intensely. We administered to him repeatedly the healing ordinance of the Church,

and he became easier and finally slept. We remained with him

until morning. As soon as practicable he was taken to the hospital to undergo an operation, and after I had a little rest 1

went to the hospital for the purpose of blessing him again, but he had just been taken to the operating room and was even then under the influence of the anesthetic. I returned in the

evening and gave him my blessing, administering in conjunction with Elder Joseph F. Smith, Jr. After Sunday night it was not

deemed wise to admit anyone to the sick room. Consequently

that was the last I saw of Hyrum until I looked upon his lifeless form this morning.

I have known him for many years, first as a lad, or stripling, a newly fledged elder of the Church. It was in the chapel of

the Eighteenth ward, when I was bishop there, that he made his "maiden speech"as a home missionary. I remember receiving

a note from his father, President Smith, on that occasion, asking me to take a kindly interest in his "little boy"who was about to make his first address in that capacity. I was glad to give him

all the encouragement I could. After that I lost track of him

for a time. He went to foreign lands on a mission. Our paths

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were apart, and I did not know him intimately until I was called into the Council of the Twelve, in April, 1906, he being already a member of that body. We soon became acquainted

and learned to love each other. There was a bond of genuine

affection between us. We traveled and preached together; conversed and read and served on committees together; and in

various ways were quite companionable.

One thing that drew me to Hyrum was the keen sense of humor that he possessed. He was anything but frivolous and

lightminded. On the contrary, he was generally serious, and

at times severe. Such was his hatred of vice and wrongdoing,

that he could not look upon it with the least degree of allowance, and he was unsparing in his denunciation of evil in every form; but he had a kind and noble heart and was not lacking

in charity and brotherly love. There was a rich vein of humor

see the funny side of things,in him. He could unbend—could

and enjoy a good laugh, a good joke, a good story; but those

jokes and stories had to be clean and wholesome, or he would not countenance them. For he had a pure heart, a clean mind,

and a lovable disposition. I thank God that he found in me

something congenial and companionable. He always said just

what he thought and felt, and was frank and fearless in expressing himself. Ever respectful to authority, but never a

sycophant, he was fast developing into a great man, and I looked for big things in his future.

To most of his friends his death will come as a shock. It

will be considered an untimely end, and is so from our human viewpoint. But we are hardly qualified, with our present knowledge, to pass judgment upon such matters. We must leave them

in the hands of Him who doeth all things well. The length or

brevity of a man's life is not always to be determined by the number of years he passes in mortality.

"We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, not breaths;

In feelings, not in figures on a dial.

We should count time by heartthrobs. He most lives

Who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the best."

So said an English poet. Judged by this standard, Hyrum

M. Smith, stricken down in his prime, had lived a long life; for

his thoughts, his feelings and his acts were noble. There are

some natures that are capable of living longer than others in the same period of time. It was remarked, I believe, by President

Brigham Young, at the funeral of Jedediah M. Grant, his counselor, away back in the fifties, that Brother Grant, with his sensitive nature, his capacity for feeling, his great receptivity, his

comprehension of the principles of truth and righteousness and

IN MEMORIAM 383

live in ten years a longer lifehis congeniality therewith—could

than other men could in twenty or fifty years. Perhaps Hyrum

M. Smith was that kind of a man. I believe he was. I believe

he has experienced more in his fortysix years of mortal life, than many another man now tottering on the brink of the grave, up among the seventies or eighties. Why he was taken, and

why others remain, is a question we must leave in the hands of God. is it? Charles Frohman, This thing called death—what

standing on the deck of the doomed Lusitania, just before she

Itplunged into ocean depths, remarked: "Why fear death?

is the most beautiful adventure in life."This from the lips of

a man born and bred in the atmosphere of the theatre, the

Temple of Thespis, the playhouse! Surely a people dwelling

in the shadow of God's Temple, worshiping Jehovah, possessing the fulness of the gospel, wielding the powers of the eternal

Priesthood and living in the light of divine revelation, which turns conjecture and surmising into absolute certainty and perthey, of all people, are capable of reafect confidence—surely

sonable, resigned, beautiful and sublime views of life and death.

No people that I know of are so well qualified as the Latterday

Saints to solve the mysteries of past, present and future. We

are followers of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the Savior of the world, who proclaimed Himself sent forth from God, and declared that he would return to his Father after he had completed is our model. We arehis work below. We follow him. He

here to do his will, to do the things that we were sent to do, and home; school being out, the mission ended, and anthen—gohonorable release having been earned.

I shall leave doctrinal themes to those who follow me. I

have spoken long enough. I feel for President Smith; God bless

him! I feel for Hyrum's wife; God bless her! And for his

mother, and his children, and all his kindred and friends. With

a heart full of sympathy and love for him and them, I invoke "the peace that passeth understanding"to descend like the dews of heaven upon their sorrowing souls. In the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

Elder James E. Talmage

I, too, This is to me a most solemn and hallowed hour.

loved our brother. I have watched him develop from the time

he was a student of mine. I have rejoiced in his success in

godliness and in the blessing his life has proved to the people of the Church; and I feel at this moment as I think I have never

before so intensely felt that, after all, funeral services are not held for those who go but for us who are left. We could not

384 IMPROVEMENT ERA

change his status or his record, if we would, and so far as I know him and of him I would have no desire to change it. I

only hope my own may approach his in devotion, in fearlessness in proclaiming the gospel as a practical thing and not a mere theory to please the mind.

He has gone. Elders are needed on the other side, and

apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ are wanted there. Although

I do not bring myself to the thought that lives are cut short, and men and women taken in their prime, or youths on the threshold of maturity, because there is a dearth of men and women beyond, yet I read of the Lord Jesus Christ going, as soon as his spirit left his pierced and tortured body on the cross, to minister unto the spirits on the other side. Just as He inaugurated the missionary service that shall lead men into the

path of salvation, upon the earth, and then left his ordained servants to carry on the work which He had begun, so in the spirit world those who have died, bearing the Holy Priesthood, and worthy thereof, are following in the footsteps of the great

Master in preaching the gospel and declaring the message of salvation to the disembodied. I cannot think of Hyrum M.

Smith as being otherwise employed. I cannot conceive of him

as being idle. I cannot think of him having no regard for those

among whom he is called to associate.

And where is he now? So far as the revealed word of God

has made the condition of the departed known to us, in ever so small degree, we are justified in concluding that he has gone to join the apostles who departed before him, to share with them in the work of declaring the glad message of redemption and salvation unto those who for lick of opportunity, or through neglect, failed to avail themselves of those wondrous and transcendent blessings upon the earth. I do not sympathize with

him, because I know that with him all is well; but my heart

goes out to those who are nearest and dearest to him and who will feel, as others cannot feel, the loss. For while his father

has not lost his son, while his mother should not feel that she has lost him, nor his wife that she has lost a husband, nor the children that they have lost a father, they have lost his association and the blessing of his presence, for a time, because he has gone ahead of them.

With all our assurances concerning the blessing that comes through advancement which can be made under existing conditions only through the portals of death, I feel that it would be a sad reflection upon us if we steeled our hearts and did not mourn for the loss of the presence and companionship of those who go. The Lord has made plain the fact that the tears shed

under such bereavement as this are sacred in his eyes. He has

IN MEMORIAM 385

commanded us that we shall have regard for those who go and that we weep for them because they are not longer with us.

Therefore, let us not be ashamed of emotion and tears on such an occasion as this, but let our tears be those of resignation and acknowledgment of the hand of God, in the assurance that he will bring good out of even this great trouble and burden.

All Israel mourns today, and rightly so, for one of the presiding servants of the Lord placed to minister among the people has been taken from us in the very prime of his service. I find

comfort in the assurance given of God that all is well with those who pass away, after all that he has directed be done has been done.

On Wednesday evening last, with some of my brethren and his, I took part in administration and prayer. I have acknowledged and confessed to some of those to whom we are most

nearly related in service, that I struggled, with all my power, to make my desire develop into assurance, and to feel that he would be raised up; but I did not feel it. On the contrary,

there came into my heart the conviction that he was about to leave and that all was well. As I pondered and prayed there

came to my mind, with comfort and assurance, the utterance of the Lord himself that after the ordinances of the Church have been duly administered unto those who are afflicted and who seem near unto death, "if they die, they die unto me, saith the

Lord;"and in such wise our brother has passed.

May the peace that God alone can give dwell in the household that still is his, and be in the hearts of children and wife, of mother and father, of brothers and sisters, and, since we all claimed him, may that peace be in the hearts of all of us, to our betterment and to the glory of God, I humbly ask in the Mastor's name. Amen.

Elder Frank Y. Taylor, President of the Granite Stake of Zion

I pray, my brethren and sisters, that the same good spirit may accompany my remarks that has characterized the remarks of my brethren. With you all, I feel and have felt very keenly

the separation from my friend and brother, Hyrum M. Smith. I

have loved him ever since I first knew him, as a boy. It was

Friday, I think, that I was crossing over the city street. Being

on the opposite side, he hurriedly walked over and met me. He

took me by the hand, passed the time of day, and said some very tender and kind things to me. He walked with me across

the road again and down the street, still holding my hand. I

could not comprehend why he was so solicitous of me on that occasion, but as soon as I heard of his sickness and operation, 386 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a cold chill came over me, and I felt in my soul that he was bidding me goodbye on the street that day. Like Brother Talmage, I felt much concerned, did not have the faith that I ought

to have had, and I felt uneasy all the time he was in the hospital.

I have known Brother Hyrum intimately for many years.

We have been neighbors, and as a neighbor I have known him best. I would like to speak of this phase of his life. We have

been in the mountains together, fishing and hunting. I have

had the pleasure of entertaining him, numerous times, at our little place in the mountains, and there is where f knew him best. We got closer together on occasions of that kind. We

have slept in the same bed. We have told one another our

secrets, our ambitions, and our hopes. I want to say to this

I never knew a cleaner, already know it—thatcongregation—yousweeter, more wholesome man than Hyrum M. Smith. I never

knew him to indulge in a frivolity that was unbecoming to his place and position in the Church and as a father in Israel. I

never knew a more devoted couple than he and his wife. There

were perfect love and union and harmony existing in his home.

We were frequently invited there, and it was a great pleasure to me to witness his splendid example as a father and as a husband. How he loved his wife, and how tender, courteous and

kind he was, and what deference he always showed her! It

seemed to me that he was anxious, all the time, to be doing something that would give pleasure to his loved ones.

We shall miss him, down in our stake. He lived in our

midst, and he was a splendid, good example in our community.

will Personally I feel that I have indeed lost, for the present—I

very dear friend; benot say that I have lost him altogether—a

cause we were close personal friends. It was always a pleasure

to me to meet him and take him by the hand. There was someon. I don't thing so sincere and real about him—nothing put

think that Brother Hyrum could dissemble to anybody. He

was a fearless defender of the truth. He upheld it both in example and in precept. He loved the work of the Lord, and he

loved those who love the cause of truth in the earth. He did

not seem to have patience with those who were sinning and doing that which is wrong, but he was anxious for their uplift and for them to repent and to do better, to do good. We shall

miss him exceedingly, and I am sure all Israel will miss the presence of this staunch defender of the work of the Lord; but

our heavenly Father's work on the other side will be a gainer by it.

I have been thinking in my mind why it was necessary that this splendid, good boy should be taken from our midst and go to the other side. Yet, we are all here for an experience, for

IN MEMORIAM 3fc?

an education; and I have seen men, in my life, who, it seemed

to me, had graduated, so to speak, from this stage of existence and who were prepared for the work on the other side. I am

sure of this, that there is no one of my acquaintances who is better prepared to go into the presence of the Lord our God than this man. I believe that he has graduated; I believe he

has attained the knowledge and experience required of him, and he has gone to continue his work in the presence of the

Lord our God.

I feel keenly for his wife and the children, for his father and mother, and the boys and the girls. Whenever I come to

an occasion of this kind I know their aching hearts, their sorrow, and the grief that is upon them, and I always feel, 0, I would to the Lord that I had the power to comfort them, and to bless them, and to heal up their wounds! I do know this,

however, that our Father in heaven is able to comfort and to bestow his peace, and I am sure he will do so on this occasion.

That he will bless and comfort President Smith and the mother, the wife, and the children, and I pray that the blessings of our heavenly Father may rest down upon all the kindred and friends, and that His comfort and peace may come to all the people in the Church, because we all mourn today! I ask it in the name

of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The choir sang, "What Voice Salutes the Startled Ear?"solo

sung by Miss Edna Gotberg.

. Nibley Bishop Charles W

This splendid outpouring of the multitudes of Latterday

Saints, and our friends also who are not members of our Church, is a great testimonial to the life and character of our departed brother. The people in this congregation are not here merely

for a show of respect, but they are here with love in their hearts, with sympathy in their souls, with affection deep and strong for the family of Elder Hyrum M. Smith, for President Smith

I know that you and for the entire family. I know this—and

feel it is true, and never have I known on any occasion of this kind, and never have I felt more strongly, at a funeral of one of our leaders, this feeling of love, of reverence and sympathy which we experience here today and which is felt everywhere today, among the Latterday Saints, throughout the Church; for

they know, as we all know, that a mighty man has fallen in

Israel. As President Grant has said, most of the people could

see a great future for Hyrum; he was so humble withal, so

earnest, so devoted that everyone who had the honor and pleasure of his acquaintance knew what manner of man he was.

388 IMPROVEMENT ERA

how much I sorrow for his departure, and yet when I look around, even on this stand where there are men who are surely among the best of all Israel, I can see no one more fit and seasoned and ready to go to the presence of his Maker than was

Elder Hyrum M. Smith. Yet the parting is sad; we take it as a

great affliction; but it may be counted for good.

I have known Hyrum from his very childhood. I have

lived in the home with his family. Not many men, few indeed,

they who have had the privilege of being reared in a family like large family. Not many men had as many'mothers, sothis—a

to speak, as he had the privilege of having; for he scarcely knew

the difference, as he grew up, between his own mother and Aunt

Julina, or Aunt Sarah, and the others, the wives of President

Smith. It is a united family, and every member is a worker.

I have seen Hyrum, and those who know him have seen him as soon as he got home, where there was work to do in his garden or around his place, his overalls and jumper went on, and he was hard at work, doing manual labor. He loved to work; he

so you will find it withwas not an idler—he was a worker; and

every member of this large family; for, let it be said to the credit

of President Smith and the family, every one of these boys and girls, too, are workers. They work in the Church; they work

in the fields, and on the farm. Such a family, their like cannot

all. Nobe found! Hyrum's home life was ideal—a model to us

one of all my acquaintance can touch it, in its perfection, in its love, in its beauty and grandeur. In all things, I believe, so far

as I know, he was acceptable to God. He was a brave man, if

the occasion arose and his Church was assailed, or his father was assailed; and he has proved it, too,—he was ready, with the

strength of his right arm, to make good what he stood for. No

slanderer could treat him or his loved ones in that kind of a way! So he was a man of courage, a valiant man, a true man

in every sense. I have loved him more than a brother. Happy

the father who can claim such a son—not sorrowful. Happy the

mother who bore and reared such a son as this. Happy the

wife who can say: This was my husband—a model, the paragon

of all. Happy the children who can claim him for a father.

"He was a man, take him for all in all. We shall not look upon

his like again."Amen.

Elder Richard JR. Lyman

My place this afternoon is really not here among the speakers. I belong among the mourners. It is now almost

thirty years since the mother of this excellent young man shed tears with me at the grave of my dear mother. His mother and

mine spent their childhood and practically all of their lives in

IN MEMORIAM 389

the most intimate kind of friendship. They were barefoot girls

together, west of the Jordan. In this community, in those

pioneer days, there was in every heart love, in every home poverty, and in every life pleasure. Those who thus lived formed a

love for one another that will last forever. This is why I belong

among the mourners.

We have lying before us this afternoon, a worthy son of a of a noble andnoble and illustrious sire—a worthy grandson

martyred grandsire. This man, for his conviction, for his

Church, for what he believed to be the right, "could have gone to the stake without the quiver of an eyelash."Death came because of the continued fortitude and resistance to pain put forth

by his iron will. Because of the steel that was in his makeup,

he resisted until it was too late.

Nor was his strong nature his most prominent characteristic.

He was a hand of steel with a glove of velvet. Like his distinguished father, this young man "in every storm of life was oak

and rock, but in the sunshine, he was vine and flower."His

father possesses what is perhaps a matchless tenderness and chivalry for children and for women. My father, President

Smith's lifelong and intimate associate, has said: "No child

a cry of distress,not even a waif in a foreign land—ever uttered

or a cry of sorrow, in vain, if that cry reached the ear of Joseph

F. Smith."From President Joseph F. Smith, I think no woman—no

child, has ever received an unkind look or an unkind word. He

is chivalry itself in its highest form. Find his equal in this

respect, if you can, in any church, in any country, in any clime.

Like his father, Hyrum M. Smith had a tender, loving, gentle nature, which well nigh reached perfection in his home life.

To his wife and children he was affectionately devoted. Than

he and his wife, perhaps no two ever loved each other more.

There was no labor he would not perform, no sacrifice he would not make, for her sake. His greatest pleasure was giving joy

to her and to their children..

To Hyrum M. Smith, his wife was a living, a perpetual support and inspiration. It is said of him that during the recent

trip of the President's party through the south, Hyrum spoke almost as human tongue was never known to speak. Much of

his inspiration came from that devoted wife who sat before him.

"This is the sixth out of my ten children I have followed to the grave,"said this man's mother; "but,"she continued, "I

propose to hold on to the tree of life. God's will, not mine, be

done."Blessed, indeed, the person who possesses such a faith.

May it be in the hearts of all these kindred, now.

Hyrum M. Smith lived in strict conformity with his own

390 IMPROVEMENT ERA

highest ideals, and in perfect accord with the teachings, the desires, and the wishes of his distinguished father.

"By their fruits,"the scriptures say, "ye shall know them."

This man, with his exemplary life, is a product of the "Mormon"

Church. The lives of the other members of his father's family

are much like his. Measured by the world's highest Christian

standards these lives are near perfection. If these are samples

of the products of the "Mormon"Church, I am proud today to be one of its members.

It is the spirit of the "Mormon"Pioneers and the "Mormon"

Church.—the inspiration of the Great Master—that perfected

this man's life. Let those who are interested in the purity and

the perfection of home life examine this example. And when

they have discovered all its beauty, all its purity, and all its joy, may they be fair enough and frank enough to acknowledge concerning the lives of the Latterday Saints, that they have been mistaken as were those of old who said, "Can any thing good come out of Nazareth?"

President Charles W. Penrose

This opportunity afforded me is both a privilege and a task.

I appreciate very much the opportunity of saying a few words on this occasion but feel my inability to say that which is in my heart. We have heard many very fine things today, during these

services. All have been fitly spoken; all are expressive of the

feelings of those who have addressed us, and they, in a small degree, depict the noble character and efficient services and glorious future of our dear departed brother, Hyrum M. Smith.

One of the poetic writers of the Bible likened words fitly spoken to apples of gold in pictures of silver. Surely we have had a

display today and a great feast of fine things which should comfort our hearts, gladden our souls, and enable us to appreciate the fact that all things have been done in the wisdom of him who knoweth all things; not that he, our Eternal Father, is personally engaged in taking away our dear ones from us, but

that in his providence all these things occur. The eternal laws

of the universe are his laws, and those effects that come from natural causes are inevitable and in accordance with the things that are eternal. President Joseph F. Smith appreciates, as I

hope we all do, the words that have been spoken this day in regard to the life and character of his departed son. He is

thankful for them, also; for all the good things that have been

said for his comfort and consolation, which have come by letter and by telegraph and by telephone and by personal visitations from numerous friends. For all these expressions our beloved

IN MEMORIAM 391

President is grateful today and desires to convey this to the people, that they may know he does appreciate their efforts for his consolation.

One of the gems of scripture and of that glorious Sermon on the Mount, as it is called, among the utterances of Jesus, our

Redeemer, is the saying, "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted."That seems a strange expression to use;

that those who mourn are blessed; but we shall find in our experience hereafter, if we do not now, that the saying is exactly

correct. It is a blessing for people to have cause to mourn. If

there was no mourning in our hearts our education on this globe would not be complete. If our sympathies were not drawn out

through the affliction of others we should not be properly developed. We have in us, as the children of the Most High, those

glorious but undeveloped attributes which shine forth in their perfection in the personality of Deity. We are the children of

our God, and that we might walk in his footsteps and arrive at a fit condition to dwell in his presence and enjoy his immediate society, it is necessary that every faculty and attribute which we have inherited from him shall receive development; and those

things that are called the laws of life, the sufferings in mortality, those things that are needful to develop us, come to us as blessings. "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted;"and how shall they be comforted? How can we be

comforted today, when we think of the life and character of our brother who has gone, and what we anticipated for him in our narrow conceptions of the lives of men? When we think that

he is taken from our midst, and that those with whom he was immediately associated in the family capacity are bowed down in sorrow because of his absence, the question naturally arises, how shall those who mourn be comforted? There are a great

many things that might be said in that line, if there were time.

con-I do not wish to detain this great congregation too long—a

gregation that is representative today of the hundreds of thousands of Latterday Saints who mourn with us the departure of our beloved brother, who know about his labors in their midst, who have known of his labors abroad as well as his labors at home, and of the splendid example that he has set to them, in the family capacity, in vigorous manhood, in individual characteristics of a true elder in Israel, an apostle of Jesus Christ, a servant of the Most High God. We come here today and represent all those masses of members of this Church who mourn

the departure of our brother.

There are a great many things which are very comforting to us because of that knowledge which has come to us, and has been mentioned by some of the speakers today. In the first

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA

place, we know from the revelations of God to us, to say nothing of the ancient scriptures which have been handed down to us the Holy Bible, the Old and the New Testament, the Book ot

Mormon, and the revelations that came to the ancients, but we know today, by the revelations of God in our own time, that all does not end with death; that all did not have a beginning with

our birth; that we lived before; that we shall live after, and that

this is but an episode in our great everlasting existence. The

spirit of man is the offspring of God. It came from above. The

body of man is formed out of the earthly elements; it came from

beneath. The spirit and body joined together, inseparably, can

obtain a fulness of joy; but when separated, man cannot receive

a fulness of joy. It takes the body through which pleasure,

joy, power, dominion and increase shall come to the individual, from material things as we call them; and it takes the immortal

spirit of man to receive from above the rich treasures of knowledge and wisdom and light and intelligence which will develop us into the full measure of the status of Deity. From the heights

above and the depths below, when the spirit of man and the body of man are joined together, inseparably, as they will be, as we have learned, we can receive from all parts of God's great universe, from every element, from every source, everything that there is to develop and make great and mighty and glorious the sons and daughters of the living God.

God has revealed that to us. He has also revealed to us the

eternity of all the elements, spiritual and physical, the elements that compose the body, drawn from the earth and the air and these elements are eternal, withoutthe materials around us—all

beginning and without end. The organization began at birth

and, for the time being, it appears to have ended when death comes; but the elementary particles never had any commencement, and they will never perish. Fire cannot burn them;

water cannot drown them. They may be scattered to the four

winds, but they remain, for they are eternal. That being the

case they can, by the great organizing power of Deity, be brought together again. They can be separated but still abide and continue in their elementary condition. This is the beginning of

the philosophy of the resurrection, which our dear brother whose remains lie here believed in with all his heart. He had

the testimony that when death comes it merely separates the spirit and the body; that all the essential elements to perfection

in the worlds to come, in worlds without end, are in the human being, and they can be brought together again upon natural, eternal principles, to endure forever in their reorganized condition and state. Christ is the magnet of the resurrection. He

died and lived again. As he died and lived again, so can all

IN MEMORIAM 393 persons who are in him and upon whom he exercises the power

God gave him, all power on earth and in the heavens, as he proclaimed when he returned and manifested himself to his disciples. Life and immortality have been brought to light

through the gospel. They always existed, but they were brought

clearly to light in the personality and life and atonement and teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ, Jesus of Nazareth who died on the cross, who is our great Comforter. Comfort comes to us

when we mourn, if we know these simple facts that I have been briefly speaking upon; if we know that we are eternal beings

and that the intelligent spirit that dwells in the body is not mortal; that it came from God; that it will go back to God;

that it is capable of endless development, everlasting progress, worlds without end. With this knowledge we are comforted

when we see the form of our dear one, young or old as the case may be, lie before us in death.

Hyrum M. Smith still lives, that brave spirit who has been

spoken of this morning. All the good things said concerning

him I bear testimony to. That bright spirit has gone from the

body with all the experience gained while in mortality, with all the experiences gained in the sphere before he came here, and he will have other experinces in the Paradise of God to which he has gone, to associate with his kind, his class, his quorum, his proper associates. Greater experiences still will come to

him. He will be prepared, in the morning of the resurrection

day, when "the Sun of Righteousness arises with healing in his wings,"to come forth and inherit the glory, power and dominion promised to him and sealed upon his head in the ordinances of the House of God. Not only that, but here are the family to

which he belongs. Here is his noble father, whom we all love

and revere, whom we regard with such veneration that we could not express it in words. He stands at the head of his household.

He knows as well as anvbody knows that he has not lost a son.

He has gone away, but he will come back again. His body will

be placed in the grovind, but the substantial, necessary, fundamental elements to the perfection of that body can be and will be called together in the resurrection of the just, and he will stand up again upon his feet to inherit the glory of the Redeemer's kingdom. He knows that, and he is comforted with

that assurance. Not only that, but Brother Hyrum had and has

a loving wife, as we have heard. I testify to the truth of all

that has been said concerning her as well as him. She is his.

She understands it. She has been sealed to him by a sacred and

holy ordinance, for time and for all eternity, an everlasting bond that shall not be broken, that cannot be broken except through transgression. And the offspring of that union belong to them,

394 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and they will come forth in their place. This family, disrupted

for the present, will be reunited, and it will endure, increase and multiply forever and ever, worlds without end; and in that

there is comfort and joy. She knows that she will receive her

husband to her bosom again. The father and the mother of

that good son know that they will meet with him again; they

have no doubt about it. The gospel has brought that to light.

Life and immortality have been brought to light through the gospel, in the latter days, by the revelations of God through the Prophet Joseph Smith. These things are comforting to us;

and we, his brethren, with whom he labored in council, wherein he showed forth capabilities that made us believe there was a wonderful future for him in this life, we who have associated with him in council, who have traveled with him throughout the various stakes of Zion, who have known of his work, who have with him sat in committees where work is done that the public generally know very little about; in that hard mental

work in those committees we have met with him, and we know of his qualifications, his patience, his faith, his endurance, his promptitude, his punctuality, and the fearlessness with which he was always ready to express his views and opinions, and yet, at the same time, willing to coincide with his brethren if he found he was mistaken. He was a noble character, a great man,

and we look for a development of that kind of men in time to come, that I need not talk about here today.

But he has gone from our midst. Is he dead? Not in the

full sense of the term. He is dead because the body and the

spirit have separated. "As the body without the spirit is dead,"

James the apostle said, "so faith without works is dead."Yes,

the dead body is there; but the elements that belong to it, that

have had experience in their intercourse and association, that are fundamental to the body and do not pass away with the outlets that there are to the human system, they belong to one another. They belong to him; they are his; and he will have

power to come back, as the Savior did, and receive that body, quickened by the Spirit of God and glorified by the power of

God. So in these things there is comfort. Comfort comes to

tboe who mourn. Shall those that mourn today be comforted

with these? Yes, and many other things that I have not time to

talk about. I know that they believe in them with all their

hearts. It is not a mere theory; it is not an idle dream. The

convictions of it are stamped upon their souls by the revelations of the Spirit of God to them individually. God bless this family.

I know that he will. I know that he will sustain and comfort

our dear brother who presides over the Church, and the mother

IN MEMORIAM 395

of this boy that has gone. She will be comforted, because she

understands these things; and that dear wife of his, who has

been so great a comfort and a strength to him, at home and abroad. She knows it too; and the children, as their minds develop, will come to an understanding of these things. So those

who mourn shall indeed be comforted.

I bear testimony to all the good things that have been said this morning, concerning Brother Hyrum M. Smith. I hope to

meet him; I believe that I shall, and that we will enjoy each

hymns—"Notothers'society deadagain.but Wesleepeth.sometimesAmen."sing inIt oneis oneof ourof thefuneralmost

beautiful we have in the collection of hymns. Well, in the true

sense of the term he is not dead, and he is not sleeping. These

mortal remains sleep, and they shall sleep in peace—the peace

is not sleeping; he couldof God be upon them—but Hyrum

not be. He will be active; he will be at work. He will carry

with him, as I have said, into the world where he has gone, all those great qualities exhibited here in mortality, and all the knowledge that he has accumulated, all the experience he has had, and all those good characteristics that have been talked about today. They go with him; they are part of him; they

will be exercised in the world to which he has gone, to aid in the great work of redemption of the whole human race, under the direction of Jesus Christ our Redeemer.

May this conviction be in the hearts of my dear friends.

God bless them, every one, and all Israel. Let all the people be

comforted who have lost their dear ones for a time. They live;

they are not sleeping. Their bodies slumber in the dust, but

even they shall be awakened in the glorious resurrection day and come forth, and then shall the broken families be reunited;

for they belong to one another, through the ordinances of God's

House, and there is a future for them all, neverending, ever increasing, in life, in glory, in power, in dominioon and extension. God is over all. He directs all things according to his

will; and all that occur in our history, while we dwell on the

earth, will eventually contribute to our greatness and glory and our happiness and joy in the presence of our Eternal Father.

May God bless the family and all who are bereaved, and help us emulate the good works of our dear brother, and may we all have the joy of meeting him in the world to come, through Jesus

Christ. Amen.

President Anthon H. Lund

In behalf of President Joseph F. Smith and the family, I

desire to thank this great assemblage for this mark of their sympathy and love for our departed friend and brother, Hyrum 396 IMPROVEMENT ERA

M. Smith; also the speakers who have given us so many comforting words, and have spoken concerning the splendid character of this our brother. We thank them; and I can bear testimony to the truth of all they have said. We also thank the

Choir for the beautiful singing, and those who have taken part in arranging the details of this funeral—the bishopric and the

committees.

The choir sang, "0 My Father,"and benediction was pronounced by Elder A. W. Ivins.

At the cemetery the Ariel quartet sang, "Rest on the Hillside, Rest,"and the grave was dedicated by Elder George Albert

Smith.

LOWERING A BIG BRITISH HYDROAEROPLANE TO CHASE AWAY

ENEMY AEROPLANES

One of the big British hydroaeroplanes being lowered into the water to chase away enemy eroplanes. It was being transported on board an aeroplane carrying ship when enemy aeroplanes tried to bombard the vessel.

After being lowered into the water the plane chased away the enemy and then circled about to make sure that no hostile aircraft or submarine %vere near. That task finished it settled into the water alongside the ship and

was raised to the deck by pulleys, the same apparatus by which it was lowered into the water. The hydroaeroplane is housed on the back part of the

deck of the ship.

The Makers of Science

By F. S. Harris, Director Utah Agricultural Experiment Station

VI—Copernicus

Copernicus furnishes an example of a man who by diligent study gave to the world one of the most important discoveries of all time in spite of the fact that he possessed no unusual mental endowments. His intellectual prowess cannot be compared to that of Newton who lived a century later nor to some

of the earlier scholars; but a life of painstaking investigation

enabled him to completely demonstrate that the old Ptolemaic idea of the solar system is wrong. So great was the contribution

of this Polish monk that the real dawn of modern science is usually considered to date from 1543, the year he published his life's work.

Copernicus was born at Thorn, in Polish Prussia, in 1473.

His real name was Nicolas Copernik which was Latinized to the name that is usually applied to him. He was brought up under

the guardianship of his uncle Lucas, Princebishop of the Prussian diocese of Ermland. He entered Cracow University the

year before Columbus discovered America. Here he studied

mathematics, optics, and perspective, and later was graduated as doctor of arts and medicine; in the meantime he was also

preparing for the ecclesiastical profession.

Not many details of his life are recorded, but he is known to have been an assistant at Cracow and to have studied mathematics at Bologna. In 1500 he lectured in mathematics and

astronomy at Rome. About this time he observed an eclipse of

the moon. The following year he began the study of medicine

at Padua, going into the orders at about the same time. On his

return home he took charge of the principal church in his native home and became canon, although he was never made a priest.

Here at Frauenburg, near the mouth of the Vistula, he lived the rest of his life in comparative quiet, seldom taking any important part in the life of the times. One exception to this,

however, was a report he made to the government on coinage.

There seems to have been nothing unusual in his life. He

was just a quiet, patient, Godfearing student who through his scholarly habits drew to himeslf several earnest pupils whom he instructed mainly through conversation. He compiled tables

on the movements of the planets, thinking to improve the

Ptolemaic system which was universally believed in at the time.

398 IMPROVEMENT ERA

This system considered the earth to be the center of the universe with all the other heavenly bodies revolving around it. His

studies, however, gradually forced him to the idea that the earth moved around the sun; this was a complete change from

any idea that had previously been held.

To our way of looking at things today this may not have been much of a step, but the havoc it wrought is shown by the bitter strife that lasted through several generations after the announcement of the Copernican theory. Although Copernicus

definitely proved his points, it remained for Kepler, Galileo, and

Newton to give a complete explanation of the movements of heavenly bodies and the reasons for these movements.

Copernicus did not live to feel the persecution that was heaped on those who adhered to his teachings. After thirtysix

years of study he wrote his life's thesis entitled De Revolutionibus Orbium Caelestium which he dedicated to the Pope. The

expense of printing the book was paid by a Cardinal. The first

printed copy of the book came to him just a few hours before his death, enabling him to die happy in the thought that his work was finished.

The work, being dedicated to the Pope, was at first well received by the Catholics but not by the Protestants. Martin

Luther denounced the author as "an arrogant fool who wrote in defiance of scripture."Later, even the Catholics denounced the

teachings as heresy and persecuted all who adhered to them.

That Copernicus expected criticism is shown from the following statement in the dedication:

"If there be some babblers who, through ignorance of all mathematics, take upon them to judge of these things and dare to blame and cavil at my work, because of some passage of scripture which they have wrested to their own purpose, I regard them not, and will not scruple to hold their judgment in contempt."In brief, the life work of Copernicus was to place the sun in its true place as the center of the solar system, instead of the earth, and to greatly simplify by this one step the theory of planetary motion. There are many defects in his system; but

as one biographer said: "His chief merit is that he dared to

look at facts of nature with his own eyes, unhampered by the prejudice of centuries. A system venerable with age, and supported by great names, was universally believed, and had been

believed for centuries. To doubt this system and to seek after

a better one at a time when all men's minds were governed by a great mind and a high character. tradition—this required

Such a mind and such a character had this monk of Frauenburg."

The Saint's Tragedy

By Alfred Lambourne

She was a saint. If she were not then there are none. By

the word saint I do not mean a chaste, cold, classic being like was called The Saint of the Stage.the lilybrowed one—she who

No, I mean, rather, a saint, saintly because she was so gentle, so loving, so thoughtful of others, so unselfishly good. Before me

lies a faded photograph. How sweet that face! Indeed, you

were a saint! Why did sorrow come to you? "A kitchenwench! a slop! a dishrag!"So the irate father addressed her.

It was distressing to hear and to witness. Had she not done her

best? How could he speak thus? Yet, as she came from the

stage to the wings, so he spoke. "A kitchenwench! a slop! a

dishrag!"Such words to the one being whom he loved the

most of all things in this world! And she, inert, unresenting,

shed floods of tears; she spoke not back a word. Yes, it was

distressing both to hear and to witness. But then! The exacting father was a genius, a great artist. Yet; could he not see?

How difficult it was for the daughter to "playup"in her part to him. And she strove so hard; 0, so very hard! Why we

came nearly to breaking an admonition of the Scriptures and calling the great actor a fool. But he suffered his trials, too.

The truth was, the one of genius longed for his daughter to be the same. Yet, we repeat, could he not see? That gentle

creature was the more created to love than to act; more for

love than for art and ambition. Why was the father so blind?

Genius, the wondrous gift! But love, is it not divine? Genius

possesses the will, the concentration to lose itself in art. Not

so love, that is made of less ambitious, less inexorable stuff. One

must admire Genius; but we must love Love. His actress daughter, too, might soon slip away; yes, both from the stage and from

him. That carnation upon the cheek, that bright fire in her

eyes, they did not come from ambition, nor from youth alone.

It was the first stage of consumption, the consuming fever which began to burn in her veins.

Yes, actors and actresses are temperamental. Sometimes,

temper. often, they possess two gifts—the temperamental and

One might name those of the highest genius. There was the

not be mentioned outside the Playdivine—but names must

400 IMPROVEMENT ERA

House walls. The comedian is often as irascible as his tragic

brother. I remember two. What refinement, what luxury of

temper was theirs! What masters of laughing yet bitter sarcasm

they were! O, par excellence! These two actresses we must

not name—the one, how beautiful! The other, what genius!

And then the tragedians of the old school—I can yet hear the

raging of a sham Henry V. And, by the way, that beautiful

actress who played to the life, the submissive, the downtrodden

Nancy Sykes, and the other, the wonderful German, made the amorous Mary Stewart to live again. But that is neither here

nor there. What tempers, we say! Sub rosa—was there not

once a pitched battle on the PlayHouse stage? No, not when

the audience was in the seats, but when there was only an audience of one! Then what tears of rage, what words uttered,

hissed, we should say! What disheveled hair and nailtorn

flesh! And yet these two actresses were women of genius. Only

they were temperamental, with the gift of temper. Then there

indisposiwas another—ah, Daughter of Fame! "Owing to the

tion of Miss, there will be no performance in the theatre tonight."Owing to the ungovernable temper, the placard should

have said. So the enraged Semiramus, Cleopatra or even goddess Zuno might have been. It was worth the while to have

seen a bill presented for endorsement to the great J k. It was

a poorbefore the rise of the curtain and—horrors!—there was

"house."Never did the terrible Tragedienne append her name

to any stage document—deathwarrant, or what not—with more

tragic fuiy. Dashed, that is the word, she dashed her wonderful

and masculine autograph to that unwelcome bill. In the action,

too, there was wonder, pathos, virtuous indignation. Money! She

made one feel that he had reached the very depths of degradation. Tempers, indeed? And that petted comedienne—she,

the syllables of whose non de plume were as soft as the notes of a flash out a goldembossed, bejeweled little bulbul—did she not

revolver and put the stagehands to rout? Tempers? And yet

what were any of these, of actor or actress, compared to the father of the gentle saint? With what a practiced ease he could

run the gamut, the scale of vituperation! O, he was the pastgrand master in the art of expletives! And yet? Grand old

all loved him. Truly he could wither one up; whenman—we

in his moods, reduce one's thought to chaos. Only there was no

blasphemy in his words, his anger was just a necessary outpouring of the volcanic fires of the soul. Strange as it may seem to

actually enjoyedrelate, there were those of strong nerves—who

the fell in wrath upon them. sensation—we mean when he

And how graciously he could make amends.

And so to that frail and trembling daughter: "There, there!

THE SAINT'S TRAGEDY 401

girl!"AndNow, my dear. There, there! Don't notice me, my

once he was heard to add, "There was a letter this morning,

Pet."But always it was: "There, there! You will forgive

your poor old father?"

And always, forgive him she did.

"There was a letter this morning, Pet."Perhaps in that sento read it. But thetence there lay a secret. We will not probe

to theman of genius became more irascible day by day. Woe

actor or theatreattache who was unfortunate enough to arouse that wrath when "There was a letter this morning, Pet."He

to perfection, in whatwas the fear, the tyrant of the stage. How

modulated tones of voice, he "roasted"the "propertyman."And

for what? The picture on the stage wall should have been that

of Beethoven. And what was it? That caricature, that abortion, to insult the immortal Beethoven? By heavens! Where

to place it uponwas the man who painted it? Who had dared

the wall? But neither of the men were anywhere to be found.

With that impotent, suppressed fury, shone the old actor's eyes when, as Louis XI, and in one of his greatest stage scenes, he sought to display to his intimidators the treasures in the vault "propertyman"had forgotten to place them of France—the

there. And how he raged when, on another occasion, the

prompter in his box mistook his cue and rang down the curtain a trifle too soon and thereby "killed"the climax of an act.

! Did he not once anathemize the PlayHouse Those were times

itself? Aye! Its walls, its roof, its stage; yes, each rock, each

adobe it contained and the masons who laid them; and the

timbers too, and the carpenters who placed them. Aye, even

the very nails.

Could it have been that once he went too far? Was the pain,

for once, even more than the saint could withstand?

It was the old actor's birthday. He had reached man's allotted

days of three score years and ten. There was to be at his expense "a spread"in the theatre GreenRoom. That night he

would play the host and be twice a king. For the men, good

old English style, bread and cheese and beer. And for the

the happy, the dear actor's face would ladies—well? How

beam! What anecdotes he would relate! His eyes would glow

with kindliness, his manner would be that of the urbane patronage of the aged, the famous, the great. Each word of his

richtoned voice would be at once both a condescension and a caress. Actor, actress, stagehand, doorkeeper, "supe,"all would

birthday night was an antishare in his smile. But—alas! The

success. There was gloom. From the rise of the curtain there

402 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had been mishaps, the scenes had gone wrong, the daughter had "lagged."It was a task for the great actor to "pull the play

through."Yes, there was gloom, a threatening gloom. Everyone suspected; it must have been: "There was a letter this

morning, Pet."A storm was like to break.

And break it did. The climax came at the end of the principal scene. The father was still great, but the daughter had

failed. A shame, a disgrace! a crime! S-death! The audifools, dolte! chaff andence—Philistines! The Company—asses,

bran! What did she, the daughter, mean? She had made her

father a laughingstock; she had sold him cheap among a lot of

imbeciles. Drivel! A puppet might have done better. Did

she call that acting? Acting, indeed! He was ashamed. Acting? Ha! ha! Why, he might have tied a costume upon a post

and it would have served him better. Acting? Well, well,

well! An inanimate stick! And so he fumed, and no one interfered.

Would it not all end, as his paroxysms always did? There

would be a handshaking all around. The great actor would

heap terms of endearment upon the now cowering and weeping daughter. And this night, the birthday night, there would be

"the spread"in the GreenRoom. Before then she would forgive "your poor old father,"and all would be well.

But not this time. Was it that in the saint's heart some

lovecord had snapped? Ah! for once he had been too severe. There was an imputation in his words. All too plainly

the daughter had gathered the truth. She was a disappointment

to her genius father. In silence they had left the PlayHouse.

There must have been something particularly irritating to the old actor, in the letter which arrived on the birthday morning. However that may have been, yet soon after the actor departed, and somehow or other it became known, on a painful

errand. But the daughter did not go, and we wondered why?

No, she remained and no one knew why she did not go. It is

not for us to ask. What all would have liked to know was this

had there been a reconcilation? 0, they must not have parted

in anger! And yet, the father had gone and it was noticed that

he had set forth with sullen brows.

And weeks fled and the father did not return. The daughter's letters were postmarked across the seas. But some day

he would come—that was always the daughter's answer. Yet

she herself became more restless, her face was more pale from day to day. More pale, that is, save for two hectic spots that

burned upon her cheeks. The disease had gripped her close at

last! "O, I have died so often,"she spoke, as wearily upon the

THE SAINT'S TRAGEDY 403

pillows she sank her head, "so often upon the stage. But this

is so different now. How strange it is to die!"Yet the father

never came. That is, while the daughter lived. Never for one

moment do we believe that through a fault of his he was delayed. "I wish that he would come!"Rapidly, so rapidly she

failed. Soon she was gone. No more scoldings now; no more

reconciliations! No more scenes in the sidewings or in the

Greenroom. No more striving for art; no more disappointments to her genius father! Only the rest; the peace that

comes with death.

It is a beautiful and secluded spot. We mean in the cemetery where the gentle saint lies buried. The ornamental shrubs

with their clusters of bloom, the stifflyfronded evergreens, and the pendant branches of willows, make it sweetly, yet richly, solemn. Once, once only, a man knelt there. It was an actor,

a man of genius, and his hair was white as snow. In their day

he and his daughter had made thousands weep, and now he wept for her. Ah, my reader, picture him kneeling there; imagine

his aching heart. Yet picture this, imagine this, too, I ask thee.

In the evening light, as the monuments and headstones of granite and polished marble gleamed amid the shrubbery and trees, as the whitehead of the actor was bared, imagine a face above him.

O imagine a dimly seen face in which there were eyes filled with a holy compassion, and lips which moved in words of love

This there must have been or the gentle, dead actress was not a saint.

Coming Spring

(Selected)

Ice is marching down the river, gaily out to sea!

Sunbeams o'er the snowhills quiver, setting torrents free!

Yellow are the waterwillows, yellow clouds are they,

Rising where the laden billows swell along their way!

Arrows of the sun are flying! winter flees the light,

And his chilly horn is sighing all the moisty night!

Lovers of the balmy weather, lovers of the sun!

your labors done! Drifts and duty melt together—get

Ice is marching down the river, gaily out to sea!

Sing the healthyhearted ever, spring is liberty!

Max Eastman God's Foreknowledge Not a Determining

Cause

By James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

[Note: This article is one of the late numbers of a series of fiftytwo,

which have been published in many of the great and influential newspapers of the country during 1917. In some of the papers the articles ran through

the entire year, and in others they are still in course of publication. Among

the journals through which the teachings of the Gospel have thus been spread broadcast are Boston Herald, New York World, Philadelphia Record,

Kansas City Journal, St. Louis GlobeDemocrat, Atlanta Constitution, Washington Herald, New Haven TimesLeader, Hannibal Morning Journal,

Joplin News Herald, Portland Oregonian, San Francisco Chronicle. Dr.

Talmage's articles will continue to appear in all the foregoing papers in 1918, and with the beginning of the new year the New York Evening Telegram, Florida Times Union, Chattanooga Times, and other journals have been added to the list. A second series of articles was begun

with 1918; which series it is hoped will continue throughout the year.

Copies of these articles printed weekly aggregate over a million and a half.]

Prophecy is one of the specified gifts of the Spirit, and one of the distinguishing graces of the Church of Christ. If there

be prophecy there must be prophets, men through whom the purposes of God are made known to the people at large. Prediction of events more or less remotely future is a prophetic

function, though constituting but part of the gift of prophecy.

Divine revelation of what is to come is proof of foreknowledge. God, therefore, knows, and has known from the beginning, what shall be, even to the end of the world. The transgression of Adam was foreknown, even before the man was embodied in flesh; and because of the results entailed upon humankind a Redeemer was chosen, even "the Lamb slain from the

foundation of the world."The earthly life, ministry, and sacrificial death of the Savior were all foreseen, and their certainty

was declared by the mouths of holy prophets.

The apostasy of the Primitive Church, the long centuries of spiritual darkness, the restoration of the Gospel in these latter days in a land specifically prepared as the abode of a libertyloving of these epochmarking events was known nation—each

to God, and by Him was revealed through prophets empowered to speak in His name.

But who will venture to affirm that foreknowledge is a determining cause? God's omniscience concerning Adam cannot

reasonably be considered the cause of the Fall. Adam was free

GOD'S FOREKNOWLEDGE NOT A DETERMINING CAUSE 405

to do as he chose to do. God did not force him to disobey the

Divine command. Neither did God's knowledge compel false

Judas to betray the Christ, nor the recreatn Jews to crucify their

Lord.

Surely the omniscience of God does not operate to make of men automatons, nor does it warrant the superstition of fatalism.

The chief purpose of earth life, as a stage in the course of the soul's progression, would be nullified if man's agency was after all but a pretense, and he a creature of circumstance compelled to do as he does.

A mortal father who knows the weaknesses and frailties of his son may by reason of that knowledge sorrowfully predict the calamities and suffering awaiting his wayward boy. He may

foresee in that son's future a forfeiture of blessings that could be won, loss of position, selfrespect, reputation, character, and honor. Even the dark shadows of a felon's cell and the night

of a drunkard's grave may loom in the visions of that fond father's soul. Yet, convinced by experience of the son's determination to follow the path of sin, he foresees the dread developments of the future, and writhes in anguish because of his

knowledge.

Can it be truthfully said that the father's foreknowledge is iseven a contributory cause of the evil life of his boy? To so hold

to say that a neglectful parent, who will not trouble himself to study the character of his son, who shuts his eyes to sinful ways, and rests in careless indifference as to the probable future, will by his very heartlessness benefit the boy, because the father's lack of forethought diminishes the son's tendency toward dereliction.

By way of further illustration, consider the man versed in meteorology, who by due consideration of temperature, airpressure, humidity, and other essential data, is able to forecast weather conditions. He speaks with the assurance of long experience in foretelling a storm. The storm comes, bringing benefit or injury, contributing to the harvest perhaps or destroying

the ripening grain; but, whether it be of good or ill effect, can

he who prophesied of the approaching storm be held accountable for its coming?

It may be argued, however, that in these illustrative instances neither the mortal parent nor the human forecaster had power to alter the respective course of events, while God can direct and overrule as He wills. But, be it remembered that

God has granted agency unto His children, and does not control them in its exercise by arbitrary force. He impels no man

toward sin; He compels none to righteousness.

The Father of our spirits has a full knowledge of the nature 406 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and disposition of each of His children, a knowledge gained by observation and experience in the long ages of our primeval childhood, when we existed as unembodied spirits, endowed with individuality and agency—a knowledge compared with which

that gained by earthly parents through experience with their children in the flesh is innnitesimally small. In that surpassing

knowlege God reads the future of child and children, of men individually and of men collectively. He knows what each will

do under given conditions, and sees the end from the beginning.

His foreknowledge is based on intelligence and reason. He foresees the future of men and nations as a state that naturally and

surely will be; not as a state of things that must be because He

has arbitrarily willed that it shall be.

"Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world"(Acts 15:18).

He willed and decreed the mortal state for His spirit offspring, and prepared the earth for their schooling. He provided

all the facilities necessary to their training, and thus proclaimed

His purpose:

"For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass

the immortality and eternal life of man"(Pearl of Great Price,

Moses 1:39).

The Grace of Power to Give

Now, while we stand on Freedom's soil,

Inhaling Freedom's air, Be this the burden of our song,

Our morn and evening prayer:

gracious Giver of our land, May we who in it live Be grateful now for this best gift,

The Grace of Power to Give.

Great time, great place, great circumstance,

To open wide the heart, To grow like Him who gave his all,

By giving now our part.

To fast betimes, with bread at hand,

And feed the hungry throng, Of fragments make a plenitude,

In sacrifice be strong.

George H. Brimhall.

Problems of the Age Dealing with Religious, Social and Economic Questions and their

Solution. A Study for the Quorums and Classes

of the Melchizedek Priesthood

By Dr. Joseph M. Tanner

VII.—A Real Danger to the Middle Class

Growth.—In general terms the middle class may be said to occupy a

position somewhere along the line between the producer and consumer.

They consist of distributors, such as merchants and other agencies—who

take from the producer and hand to the consumer, and in turn become a part of the class of consumers. Within the bounds of their legitimate calling they are benefactors to all industrial life. They are common carriers

and distributors that make it possible for all the world to enjoy the products created or grown in every part of the earth. Modern commerce is a

comparatively new field of human endeavor. It has for centuries been a

sparsely occupied field. It has grown rapidly within the past few decades,

and is therefore today full of adventure and of reward. It has called for

men of superior talents, and has invited them from all ranks of life. Like

other new fields of enterprise, it has been both novel and remunerative.

There is no field of exploit so fascinating and paying as that of humanity.

Out of it myriads of fortunes have been accumulated, and it is the most attractive of all adventures. The result is that millions have flocked to it,

and incurred the danger of tipping one end of the balance board into the stream. At times very large numbers of them may be carried down stream

or drowned. Nothing seems more certain at the present juncture of human

life than that the middle class, so called, is altogether beyond the needs of industrial life, and that its massed formation will make it all the better target for the new machine guns that are sure to be turned on it by the present and coming changes in organized industry.

The same inequality in industrial life has more than once in the history of mankind proved disastrous to national wellbeing. Examine for a moment the present movement of life into the great cities, where men and

women find employment in occupations that are emphemeral, that is, in those whose chief business it is to produce luxuries and amusemets not necessary for the support of mankind. Take as examples automobiles,

movies, and every conceivable form of amusement. Profitable they may be

in prosperous times, but such employemnt is the first to go down in every industrial crisis. Luxuries must go. The pinch of the rising cost of living,

and the dangers of financial panics may at any time reduce millions to a state of starvation. The panics of the future will not be what those of the

past have been. Food and clothing are higher, and the numbers of those

outside productive life are so much greater, that a serious disturbance in the industrial world would create a social havoc wholly unknown to history.

The siren of false business principles is luring thousands into the danger zone. What is not done by adventurous business methods to entice men

and women away from safe conditions of existence, is done by our state and national legislative bodies that are creating boards and commissions galore to meet the demands of those who are chiefly exploiters of human408 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ily. It would be a hopeless task to tabulate the appendages to the industrial

life of our nation. When men cannot find legislative aid they organize elubs

;iml societies that are today really becoming a burden to the producer and

consumer. It is sometimes called a "speculative life."It is speculative, for

no one can even guess the dangers it carries with it.

Ethical Conditions.—Aside from its dangers, there are ethical reasons

why such a life is disturbing to the welfare of society. Nothing does more

to create discontent and disappointment than speculation. Those who fail

despair and make for anarchy. Those who succeed, plunge into extravagances which in turn lead to physical and moral destruction. The spirit of

our modern world is largely that of the gambler. "I'm going to take my

chances"is the announcement before a leap into the unknown regions of disaster whichever way the chances go. No man can afford to take chances

that have more temptation to vice than he can endure. To fully onehalf

which thus take chances there comes the misery of envy and despair.

Satisfaction in Production.—There is not the satisfaction in speculation

that there is in production. The gains of contentment in the latter are immeasurably greater than they are in the former. The mental anxiety over

the outcome of production and markets when judicious labor is expended, is incomparably preferable to the anxiety of a pure game of chance. There

is a solid satisfaction in the thought that you have helped others that is not found in the alltoo-prevalent fact that you have "done"others.

He who raises enough grain to feed a hundred others besides his own family, contributes really as much to his own happiness as he does to the welfare of society. Such is the ethical side of productive life.

Physical Enjoyment.—Nothing need be said of physical enjoyment. I

know a man who said that the happiest experience of his life was when he sat by the warm fire of a friend's home in Sterling, Canada, after days of great activity and exposure with sheep, when the thermometer registered often 30 degrees below zero. It was the pleasure that comes from the rebound of physical activity and hardship to rest and comfort. Rob man of

physical rest and recuperation by a life of physical ease and indulgence, and you rob him of the ability to enjoy the blessings of his existence. A world

upside down is sure to be snagged.

Warnings.—How do we know that the middle class is upsetting the balance of a safe social and industrial condition? We have symptoms enough

to warn us of the disease. There is the higher cost of living, there is an increase of vices which an overcrowded middle class always produces, and

lastly, we have the disease itself in the most violent form. War has always

been the selfish determination of one or more nations of the world to exploit humanity. The soldiers of Europe are the most numerous of all its

middle classes.

The worst aspect of this class is its drift away from religion. It may

not be universal, but it is general. There is less religion in the city than on

the farm; there is less religion in speculation than there is in the factory.

Work is an essential part of religion, even physical work. That explains

why among the Latterday Saints men of affairs are chosen to so many places of ecclesiastical offices. Members of the Twelve are given opportunity, after

their spiritual labors, to recuperate in some form of activity. They urge an

active, not a restful, life. Mental action is not sufficient to obtain the best

results, and many Church authorities engage in outdoor life in one form or another. "Home industry"has been the keynote of life and labor among the

Saints, and they have been warned frequently against the evils and dangers that follow those who shirk toil.

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 409

From Producer to Consumer. -What are the dangers to the middle class

in the United States today? There is now on foot a movement which is

rapidly increasing; it is the slogan, "From the producer direct to the consumer."Its'dangers to the distributors of the middle class are minimized

by those it is most likely to affect. It began by the enactment of the parcel

post system, which for some unaccountable reason did not make a monopoly of it. The government could handle all the business cheaper and more effectively than it now handles the part of it which the express companies

have been allowed to retain. There is certain to be a strong movement in

favor of the government's exclusive control and an extension of the system that will make the government the greatest business institution in the

United States. There is further a restive spirit against overloading the

producer and consumer with any heavier demand from the middle class.

Until recently the producer felt most the weight of this load. Men and

women were leaving the farm for city life, not factory life, and labor became a menacing problem. The increase by our agricultural colleges of

men whose business it has become to tell the farmer how to do rather than to do themselves, is a striking illustration of a tendency to ally education with the middle man rather than with the producer. Indeed, that is the

tendency of all our education. It is making that class of society most

popular. In the factories, the work is done largely by foreigners. The

recruits to the industrial life of the nation are not supported by the ideals and aims of modern education in the United States as they should be. Years

of experience in education convinced the writer that nearly all educational talks were about ideals, aims, and ambitions, rather than about work, duty, and industrial life. The professional side of education has almost obliterated its industrial side, notwithstanding that we putter a little with manual

training. The enticing influence of education is leading the great army of

school men into city life. How large an army of this middle class the producer and consumer can support is of course a question, but that the load

is sure to bring a breakdown, no thoughtful person can deny. A newspaper

in Lethbridge, Canada, published an account of a man who bought a barrel of apples in which he found the following card: "I sold this barrel of

apples for 90c; what did you pay?"The purchaser paid $5.75. The high

cost of living is the most vital issue in the world today. What has caused

it? The most potent of all causes has been the unparalleled increase of the

middle class and the corresponding decrease of producers, especially in agriculture, animal husbandry, and fruit growing. To add to the danger of the

situation, there is a growing antagonism toward those who have imposed themselves by various agencies upon both the producer and the consumer.

Government intervention has resulted, and it is not likely to be wholly vacated after the war.

a great Dangers of Anarchy.—The middle class has heretofore been

bulwark against anarchy. It has usually been well fed and cared for. Let

us suppose a violent suppression of this class through famine or a financial its consequent sufferings collapse—something easily imagined. Famine and

know no law. This preponderating class is growing, therefore, dangerously

large. It cannot be easily provided for, and any movement to disperse it

would be deeply resented. How can such a large mass be provided for in

case of a dispersion? Other forms of life would be distasteful, and whatever forced them away from their present pursuits would engender hatred

of a most violent form. Hatred is the stuff from which wars and anarchy

are made. Men are often the creatures of circumstances over which they

have no control. The world has ceased to be merely drifting: it is at sea,

and without a safeguard, or rudder. Confusion has laid its perilous hands

upon the political and social life of the world. President Wilson has said

that "the world must be made safe for democracy;"and Governor McCall

of Massachusetts has added that "democracy must be made safe for the

IK) IMPROVEMENT ERA

world."Can thenbe a godlesi democracy? The world long will!><

forced lo seek a solution of conditions that are bo full of danger ami disaster to the welfare and happiness of mankind. All sorts of remedies will

be sought; hut outside of religion, they will never l.e found.

Revelation "Behold, I sent you out to testify an:! warn the people, and

it beeometh every man who hath been warned, to warn his neighbor"(Doc.

and Cov. 88:81).

Vlll—Value of Child Life.

Purity of the Race.- -There is nothing in the crumbling processes of our

modern civilization more menacing to our future welfare and happiness than the curtailment of child life. Thoughtful men and women hein already to

appreciate the dangers which beset us from this source. They are making

every effort to conserve human life, but at best they are dealing only with remedies, and are not grappling with the dangers at the seat of this worldwide disease. Public men are appealing to the men and women of the world

to spare the nations of Christendom the calamity of selfextinction. Of all

questions which beset mankind today, there is not one whose ramifications go into every phase of life like that of childbirth. Neither is it a matter

of will, for we are solemnly warned that evil conditions have so crept into the lives of our youth that the absence of child life cannot be avoided.

The Revelation of Evils—The determination which a very large class

of the people of the world have manifested against any further increase of child life reveals a multitude of evils that are a danger to the morals of the world. There is now going on throughout the United States a campaign

among women against the socalled "double standard,"by which is meant that men may be forgiven the excesses of youth, that their sins may be winked at, and that they may be permitted to assume the solemn duties of husband, and it may be, of father. When the women were charged with

wilful barrenness, they were quick to retort, in perhaps most instanc-s, that the charge was false, and refused to permit the accusation to be laid at their door. They began then a campaign in the legislatures of the different

states of the Union to compel men, through doctors'certificates, to establish their fitness for married life. While they have had some measure of

success, as a rule their campaign has not been successful.

A Dangerous Situation.—If it be true, as is frequently charged by medical science through certain publications, that the question of parentage with

a large percentage of our men is not at all a question of willingness, but one of ability: when the young, manhood of our nation reaches such a state of

degradation, the revelation is most appalling, and the hope of the future posterity is indeed small. Again, it is declared that in a large number of

instances the danger of birth is more alarming than its absence, because so many children are born into the world with physical inheritances that wholly unfit them for the responsibilities of life. It is the sacred right of

children to be born physically, mentally, and morally right. If the vices of

the fathers entail upon our children the dangers and sufferings of sin, every effort should be made to eradicate them. The double standard is said to

be the fixed rule in life, but it is not true among Latterday Saints. Upon

men there is put the same accountability as that which rests upon women.

If, indeed, there is a difference, it stands against the man, whose mission in life is to protect by every means the daughters of Eve.

National Calamities.—Already France has reached a stage where the

death rate is in excess of the birth rate. In Germany publicists are sounding a note of warning against conditions which threaten there to become as

menacing as they are in France. The present war is much more likely to

increase this menace to the race than it is to improve it. Even though future wars may not be immediate, and the peace of the world may not be

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 411

threatened for generations, childbearing will be refused on the ground that parents do not care to produce "fodder for the cannon"of those who are ambitious for war. There have been serious economic objections against

childlife, and now new objections will be furnished by the destruction of the youth, the strongest and best in the manhood of nations.

Value of Children.—What is likely to be the result of this menace to

our national life? In the first place, the birth of a million children has in

it more potential value than all the billions of dollars that come from our fields, and we might include in that all the wealth that comes in a single year from our mines. We have never fully realized the value of an increasing population. If our population begins rapidly to decrease, our workshops

will be empty, our railroads will be without patronage. The doors of our

factories will be closed; and what will be more trouble, there will be a stagnant condition of life that forebodes decay and destruction. A decreasing

population is a sure sign of increasing decay. The spirit of abandonment

is the spirit of defeat. Men lose their courage, women their fortitude,

and they settle down in a spirit of the fatalist, whose demoralizing life is reflected too much among Asiatics, in whom there is no ambition to advancement. Fruthermore, by the abandonment of children, our lives are cut in

two, so far as our ambitions and struggles to promote ourselves in life go.

Men fortyfive and fifty are in the zenith of their power. At that age they

are able to take a survey of practically all that they have to hope for in life. At that age their ambition comes generally to a standstill. If there

are no children to whom their ambitions may be transferred, they are without hope.

Australia allows by law $25.00 to the mother of every child born to her

without making inquiry into its parental origin. Other countries make provisions for the expenses of childbirth because they have learned the value

of child life. The United States has in the past been supplied with population largely by immigration; and yet different states make provisions for

the expenses of childhood.

Ruskin beautifully declares that "There is no wealth but life—life, including all its powers of love, of joy, and of admiration. That country is

richest which nourishes the greatest number of noble and happy human beings; that man is richest, who, having perfected the functions of h!s own

life to the utmost, has also the widest helpful influences, both personal and by means of his possessions, over the lives of others."The wealth that comes

from the veins of human life is purple. It is not the yellow of gold, a dross

in comparison.

After the War, that everrecurring phrase, human life will be more valuable than ever. How little value the nations have put upon childbirth!

It is the old story of a buried talent, which the calamities of war is taking away from us. It is the taking away of even that which we have. Are the

Latterday Saints becoming tinctured with the fatal philosophy that they cannot afford life? Do they argue the "higher cost"? If so, they, too, may

experience the "taking away."Whatever is a talent we ought not to bury;

but the world is the graveyard of buried talents. "But,"it is asked, "what

is the remedy for the "higher cost?"Faith. If we lose faith in God we shall

also lose faith in his creations and in his law. The pressure, we say, is

awful, but all life is born and continues under pressure. We are not safe

without pressure; it is the law of our being. Escape from it does not bring

relief. The trouble is not that God has placed upon us a load too heavy to

bear, but we have wasted the strength that would make the burden light.

Childbearing makes a woman strong, wilful barrenness makes her weak. The

latter weakens her will and robs her of her faith. The man who bears an

empty case carries an emptv life. "The strenuous life"makes men and

women strong in purpose and valiant for the right. The objector further

412 IMPROVEMENT ERA

reasons thai a fad is a fact, that "it is a condition, not a theory which confronts us."But facts are miserable things if borne of false theories. Conditions fade in the light of faith and hope. We do not see our way through

life, not even through a da"of twentyfour hours, for part of it is given to darkness. The birth of children brings faith to the home. They come

from a divine presence, and bring with them a love for things divine.

"Blessed is he who hath his quiver full."

Revelation.—"Now, I the Lord, am not well pleased with the inhabitants cf Zion, for there are idlers among them; and their children are growing up in wickedness; they also seek not the riches of eternity, but their

eyes are full of greediness"(Doc. and Cov. 68:31).

IX—Cooperation

Counsels of Brigham Young.—Within the memory of many now living,

it may be recalled that a strenuous effort was made in Utah to induce the people to conduct their business by cooperative methods. The writer

once heard Brigham Young say to the people of Provo that the day would come when they would discover the fallacy of all their arguments in favor of competition, when the competitive methods about which people talked so much would be a burden to them. He declared that one distributive

business of any kind was enough for the community; that the more the

stores, the higher the prices would be; and that it was in the interest of the

people to have as many as possible in some productive labor. His efforts

were thwarted in time, partly by the insistence of large numbers who were d termined to become merchants, and men of business in other pursuits, and partly by the miscarriage of many cooperative institutions. There

was a clamor for the correction of these miscarriages in cooperation by competitive methods, rather than by the application of improved methods.

In time small stores sprang up in all the communities. A half dozen or

more stores took up the work of distribution where one might have sufficed. All these systems of business had to exist. For a time, no doubt,

there was strenuous competition; but eventually, merchants found it more

profitable to put their heavy burden upon the community at large than to carry it themselves. If they were to exist, they must come to some sort of

understanding. Gradually they formed business men's associations, where

they regulated prices. Whenever a new man entered their ranks, there was

but one or two courses to pursue. Either one of them must drop out, or

prices must be raised to support them all. In bad times there were failures, but to protect themselves against failure it was necessary to raise prices

again.

There can be no doubt that constantly rising prices were due in part to the growing and necessary cost of distribution.

Today there is a widespread discontent against the rising costs of living, and a considerable amount of suffering as a consequence. For a

time the burden of these excessive costs fell upon the producer. Goods

had to be bought as cheaply as possible, and they were cheap because production was large, in consequence of a considerable preponderance of farmers and manufacturers. Cheap production meant cheap labor, and

men soon found that they could earn more in the ranks of those who distributed than in those of the producer. Labor unions began to force prices

of labor up in manufacturing centers, but there were no unions among farmers. That meant that the higher prices for labor in the cities took men

away from the farms. Farm products and live stock suffered. Wheat

growing on a commercial scale began in later years to contract, as the prices for labor on the farm made large wheat farms unprofitable. Farmers

soon began to reason that a general movement to raise less was more profitable, for the less raised, the higher the prices. There began an almost

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 413

universal cry for mixed farming. That meant stockraising and dairying;

it also meant less wheat. The higher cost of wheat is not merely a result

of the war. Nor is the recent decline in amount of wheat raised due entirely to adverse conditions, such as draught and wheat insects.

Commercial System.—Speculators have combined to force down prices

at harvest time and to raise them when the wheat was bought up. Loans

were sll on shorttime notes on which bankers could enforce payment.

"t ay i,"they said; "we will renew the loan."I have known stock buyers

to an to'a bank and make arrangements with the manager to buy a certain man's livestock. What the manager was to get out of the transaction could,

of course, not be known. He telephoned the stockman that his note was

due and must be paid. "But I have not yet sold, I have plenty of feed to

keep my stock over for months; and besides, prices are down just now,

came the reply from the stockman. The manager informed him that there

was a buyer in town, and that he must sell. There was no alternative, and

the buyer secured a cheap bunch of stock. Such methods, of course, in

time resulted in loss of business to the bank by a restriction of business, or by the transfer of it to another bank, which did not make conditions much better. By combination they keep a uniform rate of interest and

competition among them is practically unknown. The live stock was

cheaper, but the packers'products remained the same.

Illustrations.—Alberta is one of the best barley countries in the world.

From this feed, millions of hogs could be fattened and yet today there are comparatively few hogs fattened for market in the Province. In 1914 the

farmers were under full swing in the production of hogs. It was a dry

year and feed was high, but hundreds of thousands of hogs were fitted for market. When they are ready they must be sold, as it would be a loss

to hold them longer. The packers saw their opportunity to get them "dirt"

cheap. They dropped prices to four cents a pound. That was an enormous

loss to farmers, but they had to sell. They were disgusted, but they "took

their medicine"and unloaded, breedingstock and all. The packers sent an

agent out to beg the farmers not to sell their brood sows, but to no purpose.

They were done with a business whose control was in the hands of a few men who might ruin the farmers whenever they saw fit. The business was

practically killed. It will be slow to revive. Did the packers bring down

their products? Not a cent. Their fortunes are mounting into the millions.

Yet their agents pull long and painful faces when they tell of the great chances they are taking, and how their company "lost last year."The

shrinkage in production is bringing prices to a bigher level, and the consumer must suffer with the producer.

That's a question. It is certainly Cooperation.—What's the remedy?

not competition. Is it cooperation? Perhaps so, but it will be an enforced

cooperation by the Province regulating the business through provincial or municipal agencies. The important cooperation may be between the producer and consumer through the agencies of the state. Market slumps in

the products of the farm and ranch are the bane of life in these industries.

A monopoly in them is impossible, as in certain manufacturing products, where combination is comparatively easy. As a war measure, pricefixing

has been established in the interests of the producer and consumer. The

principle will not likely end with the war. Conditions have greatly changed

within the past few years, and what has been found to be in the interest of the people, the people will insist shall continue.

Denmark is the most highly organized country in the world in her agricultural and live stock industries. Cooperative methods there are

fostered and practiced by the government. The fixation of prices is there

considered absolutely necessary to the country's success. A few years ago

HI IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Hollanders controlled largely the English market in butter ami cheese.

They were driven from that market hy the Danes, whose cooperative method of buying and selling made it impossible for Hollanders longer to hold what they had gained. The Danes so standardized their products through

government regulation that the chances of the Hollanders'winning hack what they had lost is quite unlikely. They naturally turned to Germany

for a new market. To keep up a maximum of production, it was necessary

to stabilize prices. A careful study of market conditions is made, and the

price fixed by law. Any one within the country who does not sell at the

established prices is fined heavily.

Dangers.—When the pinch is felt in the United States, as it is at present

felt in some European countries, our government will intervene by law to stabilize certain industries which need fixed prices, in the interest of the consumer. Farmers and ranchers are becoming more independent, and will

doubtless hold their products for a considerable length of time to secure what they consider a fair remuneration. They must demand more if they

are to meet the higher cost of maintaining expenses on the farm and ranch.

The United States has reached a place where it will require all the wheat raised in normal years to feed its own population. The loss of population

to Europe will undoubtedly lessen consumption there, but laborers will be fewer and there will be also an increased demand for labor to rehabilitate all the countries of Europe after the war. Foreign trade will be sought in

order to win back the losses in gold. Manufacture will increase rapidly

and consume more labor. New complications will arise, whose adjustment

cannot easily be foreseen. The intervention of government in all industrial

life will be very different from what it has ever been, and a multitude of problems will arise to tax the new industrial age. Cooperation will come

more and more into practice, and with the new changes there will come a great danger to the socalled middle classes, who are likely to be scattered into various industrial pursuits.

After all, it is a question of brotherhood. That is fundamental in

b siness life as it is in religious life. Cooperation fosters brotherhood,

competition endangers it. Every phase of life brings us face to face with

the very thing the world needs most religion.

Revelation.—"It is wisdom in me; therefore, a commandment I give

unto you, that ye organize yourselves and appoint every man his stewardship.

"That every man may give an account unto me of his stewardship which is appointed unto him;

"Therefore if a man take of the abundance which I have made, and impart not his portion, according to the law of my gospel, unto the poor and the needy, he shall, with the wicked, lift up his eyes in hell, being in torment"(Doc. and Cov. 104:11,12,18).

X Extravagance Luxury Rampant.—There is serious danger ahead, greater than that

which the world is now confronting, from the extravagance of war,—for of

all forms of extravagance, war is the worst. Nations are wasting life by the

millions and property by the billions. Minor extravagances lead to major

ones. We may not think of war as a result of extravagance, but indirectly

it is. Waste and greed are twin brothers. To spend becomes a passion.

People love to buy, not always because they are in need, but because shopping is a pleasant pastime. Of course, bills must be paid, money must be

had, honorably if possible, but it must be had.

Are we living beyond our means? Are we borrowing to support luxury

and waste? Do we eat too much? Do we eat food that is costly when

cheaper and simpler food wrould do as well, perhaps better? It is somePROBLEMS OF THE AGE 415

times said that France could live on what the United Stales throws away.

Dr. Rurtherford, one of the most eminent authorities on food in the world,

recently said at a meeting in Calgary, as reported in the Herald of that city,

September 20, 1917:

"No one would know Canada was at war, except for the wounded soldiers on the streets. When one sees extravagance and waste constantly going on; buying of motor cars and silly raiment; oceans of

gasoline used up, one begins to wonder what kind of a people we are, after all. We will have to help the mother country. It seems about

time we woke up and took a tighter hold of our belts.

"Food has been shut off from Russia, Roumania and Bulgaria, while Australia and India are too far away to be of much use. The

requirements of the allies is 450,000,000 bushels, while the amount available for export is 30,000,000.

"There is a decrease in meat producing in the world. There are

28 080,000 less cattle in the countries of the allies since the war began and 54,050,000 less sheen and 32,050,000 fewer number of hogs. During the year ending June 30, 1916, the United States exported 1,339,-

193,000 pounds of meat, as compared with the average amount before the war of 493,848,000 pounds.

"There are two phases, one the conservation of food, and the other the elimination of food. The waste of food in the garbage pails and so

on in the United States is estimated by their food controller to be 700,000,000 pounds, while the waste of good food in Canada, according a difto Food Controller Hanna, is 50,000,000 pounds. We must take

ferent course from that which we have followed in the past. We must

do something to make a change of heart in the people of Canada. We

can regulate public eating houses, but we cannot go into the kitchens of private people, and they must be appealed to in the right way."

The garbage pail is, after all, a small item in our waste when compared with a mass of luxuries that people could live easily without. We

invent more extravagances than we do useful machinery. It is often

said that making business out of pleasure is more profitable than that which comes from the necessities of life.

Brothers Keeper—"We don't care; it is our money, and we shall

spend it as we like."Nothing is more sinister in this age than the

example of those who have wholly divorced themselves from all thought of duty and helpfulness to others. The most sinful phase of waste is that it

puts a burden upon others. We are all creatures of imitation, and the imitation that most"influences us is toward that which leads to extravagance.

Every man and woman is under a responsibility for the burden he puts upon others by setting a pace in extravagance which they cannot follow. "Can I

afford it?"is perhaps the last thing a man should ask himself. "Should I

afford it?"makes him his brother's keeper. Too many of the rich not only

affo.d it, but thev flaunt it. To them there is a way of reckoning if they

escape the day. Into their children's lives they instil a false and poisonous

atmosphere. Often they ruin their own health and that of those whom

they should protect. Extravgaance is one of the cursing sins of the age. It

breeds envy, creates jealousy, leads to poverty and destroys the happiness of millions. Our nublic buildings are loaded with mortgages, our banks are

full of notes. Yet we go on as if there were no days set apart for liquidation.

Fashions.—No nation's bill for fashions has ever been presented. It

would stagger the imagination. Beneath this load of extravagance millions

of backs are bending. "What of it? One may as well be out of the world

as out of fashion."Very well, it is taking millions out of the world and

wounding millions more. It is the pride which comes before the fall. The

papers are full of it. Here is an item from the Chicago Tribune of September 2, 1917:

416 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Where the eggs go 200,000,000 a year are used by barberi and!>0,000,000 by women hairdressers. Banish the egg shampoo for the

period of the war, and save 250,000,000 eggs a year. There are 300,000

barbers in America. They will average more than two eggs a day."

Could something else be used? Nothing will do that is not extravagant.

The costly things of life are craved simply because they are costly.

Common observation, to say nothing of experience, will teach us the evils of waste. In the home they may be in little things. What makes the

situation worse is that extravagance becomes a habit which in turn becomes an inheritance. Will there ever be an accounting? What if famine comes?

How ill fit we shall be for emergencies of individual and national reverses!

"Oh, well, the world has always been so,"and the world has also had its days of reckoning. Have we lost our vision? Can we not see the impending dangers? We are standing with our faces to the wall. There are dangers, but as we see them they look a long way off. Many would be as blind

if they were near. A London correspondent writes:

"I find the streets full of cheery faces, the theatre crowded with pleasure seekers, and everywhere the accents of an uplifting hope."

"Uplifting hope!"For what, for whom? "May as well be cheerful

and hopeful as sad."We need not be either, but ought to be sober. Human

suffering is past expression, human lives are going out by millions, and sorrow reddens the world as never before. It is all so "hopefully uplifting."

Men are at war to redeem the world from a ruthless foe. The gay and extravagant care just about as much for the work of redemption on the battlefield as the masses in Jerusalem cared for the redemption of Christ.

Penalties.—All excesses pay their penalties. The law of compensation

makes it so. Extravagance does not simply drift. It is always in a hurry

its friction wears life away into a premature grave. The later life which

follows one of gaiety and splendor is discolored by the disappointment which vanity always brings. Is there no hope for a simple and sober ending? It

is the foliage of life which most delights us, even though the foliage leaves no place for the fruit to grow.

Individual extravagance is but one phase of an insistent evil. In public

life there is a similar tendency to waste. Senator Aldrich, a distinguished

political economist is declared to have stated that approximately onehalf of public money appropriated by Congress was extravagantly wasted. State

legislatures, as well as Congress, make appropriations that a frugal system of administration in federal and state institutions do not really require. Logrolling is the favorite method in most legislative bodies. Local appropriajns are the measure of local patriotism. They are too often beyond legitimate needs. No private business could be run successfully by such wasteful

methods as characterize our legislation. The "pork barrel"of Congressional

fame has long been a federal scandal. Organized revolts against it are ineffectual. Our natural resources have been squandered shamefully. We are

living for today with no thought of tomorrow. Talk of famine and suffering

awaken little response in our national and individual lives. Wrapped in

s lfcontent, we go our way, indifferent to all danger.

Nor is the extravagance in our material lives our only vice. We are

wasteful of our physical energies. Men of simple and frugal lives do not

hesitate to work far beyond the limits of the strength of their bodies. They

are guilty of excessively long hours. They are ambitious to achieve certain

aims which they reach only at the waste of physical and mental energy.

The spirit of extravagance is manifest in all world activities. It means a

breakdown in our universal system of waste. Conservation is the catchword of the age, but it is more than a catchword. We are all involved in an

excessive struggle for accomplishments.

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 417

extravThoughts and Feelings.—Extravagances in material things creates

agance in thought and feeling. Our mental concepts become exaggerated,

and the vision of life perverted. Our ideas of the world are overdrawn.

We cease to see things as they are, and consequently are led into false methods of reasoning. There is a proper enjoyment of the riches of the

world, and there is a hope that comes within realization when moderation is practiced. The world needs, in these fateful hours, a return to conservative living. Extremes follow one another. When we pass beyond the limits

of our powers, the return to normal conditions produces disappointment and suffering. It is in order to bring the "old fogy"into fashion again, the

man who fears the dangers of extremes would keep within the bounds of his ability to recover himself. Individual extravagance carries with it the

burden of debt and leads to bankrcptcy. It creates national and state extravagance, that sometimes causes them to repudiate their obligations. The

spirit of moderation, on the other hand, enables men in extreme emergencies to recover themselves. It carries with it the blessings of its own rward. Furthermore, waste begets heedlessness and makes men indifferent to correction

or warning. Witness today the signal which the leading and thoughtful men

of the nation are holding aloft to the people. They do not heed them;

they are rushing headlong into a world of troubles that might be avoided were they not intoxicated by the spirit of excess. They will not know the

truth, until the bitter realization of it brings home to them the partial, if not the full penalty of their folly. For years the Saints have been warned.

Even before the war, coming calamities were foreseen, and the people were admonished to "set their houses in order"against the day of God's judgments.

Revelation.—"For it is expedient that I, the Lord, should make every

man accountable, as stewards over earthly blessings, which I have made and proposed for my creatures"(Doc. and Cov. 104:13).

Notice

For the convenience of those who desire to outline a schedule for the

Priesthood lessons for 1918, the following titles of lessons to follow, are printed Lesson 11 Modern Dangers; 12 Future of the Holy Land; 13 Reactions

of War Weapons upon Civil Life; 14 Intemperance; 15 Pleasure Loving

Age; 16 Financial Respectability; 17 Survival of the Fittest; 18 The New

Education; 19 The Home; 20 Woman's World; 21 Dependent Mothers;

22 Sexual Life; 23 Divorce; 24 Race Suicide; 25 Race Suicide (continued);

26 Music; 27 Dancing; 28 The Theatre; 29 Heredity; 30 Eugenics; 31 Back

to the Land; 32 Back to the Land (continued); 33 Fast Offerings; 34 Business Life; 35 The Negro Question; 36 Manhood.

Notice to Bishops, and Class Leaders of Priesthood Quorums

The manuals for the Teachers'Quorum on the "Life of Christ"are exhausted, and no new edition will be printed this year. Where classes are

short of books, it is suggested that the bishop notify the teachers in his ward to secure from the Priests, manuals that were used in 1915.

The Committee have decided to print a pamphlet containing all the lessons of the Melchizedek Priesthood for 1918. These will be ready for

distribution early in March. The lessons will continue as heretofore to be

printed in the Improvement Era where they will appear monthly until completed. A limited number of pamphlets will be sent to the bishops in proportion to the priesthood membership in each ward.

Rudger Clawson, Chairman, David A. Smith, Secretary.

Riches vs. Riches

By Owen M. Sanderson, Bishop of the Sixth If ard, Ogden Stake

A great and good man looking into the future und seeing the day of great prosperity said, a few years ago, "I do not fear for the poverty of this people, neither for the persecution that may come to them."Great prosperity, wealth, vanity, pride and

into the futurepleasureseeking,—with his prophetic eye he saw

and beheld that these causes were affecting many, so that they had not time for worship nor disposition to honor their priesthood nor keep the Sabbath day holy.

What he said is literally true, for many who have acquired wealth seem to fail in the spiritual realm of faith, hope, prayer and worship. They appear to have no time for communion, no

desire to honor the priesthood, no love for the laws given by the Lord to save his children, and no time to worship God or to render service to him.

If what lie said is true, we should pray that we be kept in humility, and that we may receive thankfully, distribute cheerfully, and use consistently, the money and the means that we are entrusted with.

Who is richer than the man who is industrious, frugal, pays his debts, deals justly with all, aids every good move in a cheerful, consistent way, finds time after earning a sustenance to minister in the spiritual duties, and to bless and encourage those who need succor and comfort? Who is richer than the man,

having food and raiment and who is therewith content, who seeks after love, faith, patience, meekness, charity, kindness, fights the good fight of faith, and lays hold on eternal life?

While millions of dollars may aid us, and we may do much good therewith, it is a fact, that frequently wealth does not encourage the spirit of righteousness or the happiness of man.

On the contrary, simplicity, faith, honesty, careful obedience to the word of the Lord, stand us to a better account than millions of wealth.

One of the richest men who ever lived, Patriarch David

McKay, was recently laid to his rest by the most sincere multitude of heartfelt sympathizers that it was ever my privilege to see. Jew, Gentile, Saint and sinner paid homage to his memory,

( though he had abundance ), but—not because of his wealth,

because he was a man rich in noble traits: a man of a holv and

RICHES VS. RICHES 419

consistent life; a man not wealthy in stocks and bonds and

money or other property, but nevertheless wealthy, rich in good works, in unselfish service to his fellow men.

Where men worship wealth or wealth keeps them from the

Lord, there is nothing to sustain them in the hour of distress.

Heaven deliver us from the avenues of wealth, where whimpering weakness and silly caterings to questionable passions so occupy the minds of people that there is no time for them nor disposition in their hearts to honor God or worship in his sanctuary.

Every law of the Lord has a significant place in our development, without which we cannot stand in the great day. Sell all thou

hast, and take up thy cross and follow me, was a very significant admonition given by the Savior to the rich man. He gave it

because that man was cumbered with wealth, and his heart was bent on his riches, and his spirit was bound down with the weight of business, which lost to him the way of salvation. There

are perhaps thousands in our day whose attention is absorbed so literally by their money, that they fail to attend to their spiritual duties, to their hurt, and with danger of their final downfall and death spiritually.

While on a mission some time ago, I had an example that came before me: A wealthy business man, the owner of a large

mercantile establishment, became converted to the gospel. He

said that he would very much like to be baptized, but he felt sure that if he became a member of the Church, he would lose his many customers and that his business would go to pieces.

This condition of mind continued with him for a long time finally, one day, I received a letter from him, stating that on the day previous his store was burned to the ground with all its contents. He closed his letter with these words, "Come up and

baptize me, the obstacle has been removed."

We then baptized him and his family, also a group of his kindred and neighbors, all of whom were awaiting his leadership. This is a living example of how mercifully the Lord

touches us, often to our material loss but to our spiritual gain and blessing.

Will it not be well for us, each and every one, to allow the

Lord to guide our little barque over some of the dangers of overzealousness in commercialism today?

Ogden, Utah A Victory for Peace

A Tale of the Painted Desert

By Will Dobson

The Navajo is the Arab of the Painted Desert. He roams

from oasis to oasis as the need for new pasturage or his hunger for new sights and sounds may urge. Like the Arab, too, the

Navajo used to raid his more peaceful neighbors, the Hopi, the

Moqui and the Piute. In Pioneer days the white settler suffered, too. Bands of these restless robbers often ventured across

the Colorado river and gathered up for themselves the cattle and horses belonging to the scattered "Mormon"settlements of southern Utah.

This custom caused the killing of many men both red and white and fostered a hatred between "Mormon"and Navajo that grew from year to year. Finally Jacob Hamblin was sent by his

chief, Brigham Young, to make a treaty of peace with the Navajo chiefs. Jacob Hamblin's plea for peace and friendship was the

first sincere offer of fellowship the Navajo leaders had ever heard from a white man, and its simple, honest earnestness so appealed to Barbenceta, the principal chief, that tears came to his eyes and he came forward and put his arm around Hamblin, saying: "My friend and brother, I will do all I can to bring

about what you have advised."

This visit put an end to the raiding, and "Mormon"and

Navajo mingled and traded in mutual trust and friendship as the days went by. There came a day, however, when it seemed

that this peace pact would be destroyed. The Navajo nation

declared war on the "Mormon"people, and gathered their scattered bands to move against the "Mormon"settlements. This is

the story of the tragedy that roused their anger, and of the calm courage that averted the impending slaughter.

Late in the fall of 1874, four young Navajo braves, two of them nephews of a subchief of the tribe, brought north a band of wiry Spanish ponies loaded with blankets to trade with the

Utes for other ponies. These were all lank, graceful fellows who

stood in their beaded moccasins erect as young pines and walked with the fearless grace of untamed lions. The trail was new to

them and the trip was taken eargerly as a great adventure.

With what pride their fathers watched them sweep away

A VICTORY FOR PEACE 421

through the desert silence to disappear in the gorge of the

Little Colorado, we can only imagine. What maiden hearts

were made desolate by their absence, we can only guess. White

is man and woman is woman,or red, in palace or in camp, man and wherever young hearts beat there will be magic in the air.

Emerging at last from the depths of the Little Colorado, they turned eastward across the broken mesa and made their way down another rugged canyon to the Crossing of the Fathers.

Swimming the ponies across, they coaxed them up a steep trail to the Escalante bench, following still the trail Escalante had taken over two hundred years before.

From the headwaters of Escalante creek they made their way into the valley of the Sevier, and in the green meadows of

Grass Valley found the Ute camp they sought.

A week of bartering found the Utes well supplied with the warm and brilliant blankets of the desert, while the young visitors rejoiced in the care of such a band of ponies as would make their clan rich. Storm threatening, the Utes broke camp to

move to winter quarters.

Perhaps the boys would have taken warning from the clouds had not the plentiful deer centered their minds on hunting.

Perhaps, being from the desert, they did not realize what winter meant in these altitudes. At any rate, they lingered among the

aspens, firs and spruce of the East Fork mountain to load their ponies with meat, until snow blocked all the divides.

Three days the snow fell, and when the clouds finally broke camp and began their drift northeast, five feet of snow held the Navajos and their horses prisoners.

The strange whiteness, absolutely new to their lives, dazed and confused them. They could not decide what to do. The

ponies were starving and helpless. Their fire had been quenched

in the storm and they could not start it again. Like all trapped

creatures, they began a struggle to get out, anywhere to get away from the sight of their freezing, starving stock. Leaving meat

and all, they wallowed their way to the stream, thence down stream a few miles to a deserted ranch. Here they found wood

dry enough to make a fire, and a calf which they killed to satisfy their hunger. Feeling secure in the land of their friends,

fit the "Mormons,"they waited here until the snow should see to set them free again.

This ranch, however, belonged, not to a "Mormon,"but to a non-"Mormon"named McCarty. As soon as the snow crusted

sufficiently he made his way from a nearby settlement to his ranch to see how his stock had stood the storm. Seeing the Indian occupants of his cabin from a distance, he turned, panicstricken, and hurried back for help to drive the supp ">ed raiders

422 IMPROVEMENT ERA

away. Gathering a posse of men like himself, he hurried them

to the ranch, where they met the friendly armwaving of the young braves with a volley of lead that killed three in their tracks and ripped open the right arm of the fourth from elbow to shoulderblade.

Swiftwind, the wounded boy, dropped as did his murdered mates. But while the enemy was hesitating to watch for more

Indians, he crawled to cover and made his way over the crusted snow into the more friendly forest. The whites, finally taking

possession of the ranch, and seeing Swiftwind's bloody trail, were satisfied to hope the cold would do for the Indian what the bullet had failed to do. They were not especially cruel, only

afraid of all Indians and determined to teach them a lesson that would put an end to raiding.

How this bleeding redskin with the chill of winter in his marrow made his way afoot out.of that bewildering forest and

worked his feverscorched body a few miles a day into the southland; how, coming to the Colorado, he lashed himself to a log

and let it carry him downstream over rapids and through whirlpools for miles before an eddy finally drew the log to the other side and lodged it, is not for me to tell. The fact remains that

ltte spring brought home to the waiting and wrondering Navajos a skeleton that claimed the name of Swiftwind, that bared to them a mangled and meatless remnant of an arm and with eyes that flashed blackest hatred told them of the fate of their boys in the land of the "Mormons."

This sight and this story aroused a storm of fury against the "Mormons"that swept over the nation like a forest fire. Swiftwind went from camp to camp demanding vengeance for his

comrades who lay dead on "Mormon"soil, and reparation for his own sufferings. In their bitterness at what they deemed

"Mormon"treachery, the chiefs vowed to smear the blood of the "Mormons"over the desert rocks. Their bitterness was

especially strong against Jacob Hamblin, on whose word they had relied in sending their traders across the Colorado.

When Piutes brought word of the preparations of the aroused Navajos to destroy the settlements, there began a hurried gathering of scattered settlers to bigger towns. A messenger

rode night and day using relays of ponies to carry the fateful news to President Young. The President commissioned Jacob

Hamblin to meet with the chiefs, explain the facts of the killing of their young men, and persuade them from their bloody determination.

Bishop Stewart of Kanab, in delivering the President's message to Hamblin, told him not to attempt the mission, as President Young would not have asked it of him had he known of

A VICTORY FOR PEACE 423

the Navajo threats against his life. But Hamblin felt that a

command from his loved chief was the will of God, and that in fulfiling it he would be protected from harm.

So he set out at once, against the earnest protests of his neighbors and the tearful entreaties of his family. Fifteen miles

from Kanab, Hamblin's son, Joseph, overtook him with a note from Bishop Stewart, this time ordering him to return. This

had no effect on his determination. At Mawabby, he found two

brothers named Smith preparing to defend the place until the soldiers could be brought from Fort Defiance. These men were

not "Mormons,"but they were so impressed with the steadfast purpose of Hamblin to meet the chiefs that they gave up trying to persuade him to go back, and went along to pilot him to the hostile camps.

Arriving at the Navajo camp after sundown, they found great bands of horses and many herds of sheep and goats. Two

or three greyhaired men came out to meet them, giving them a cold, dignified welcome devoid of either friendship or hate.

When the young men appeared, their scowls, fierce muttering?

and open threats gave the white men a most discouraging welcome. Only the most stern rebukes of the older heads restrained

the others from killing the visitors at once. They were kept

prisoners until messengers could gather all the chiefs for a council. The old men present refused to listen to Jacob Hamblin's story, saying they were not ready.

The night passed, and it was noon of the next day before the gathering was ready to hear the "Mormon"messenger. Then

the white prisoners were escorted to another, larger lodge and seated in the end farthest from the door. The lodge was built

of posts fitted together at the top in the shape of a great cone, then covered with bark and earth. The fire in the centre

helped make the stale air almost overpowering.

A champion for the wounded buck opened the crude court with a fiery speech against Jacob Hamblin, condemning him as a man who spoke with "a forked tongue,"and blaming him as having caused the death of their sons by advising them to cross the great river and trade with the "Mormons."As a result, he

declared, three of their finest young men lay in the land of the "Mormons"for the wolves to eat and another came home after many days of suffering without a blanket and with a wasted, useless arm. Turning dramaticallv to the whites, he announced

that Jacob Hamblin need not think of oing home, but that his

American friends might if they would start immediately. As

soon as the Piute interpreter translated this for Hamblin he asked the Smith brothers to leave: as he did not want to cause

them to lose their lives. But they refused to go without

Hamblin, whose courage they so admired.

424 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Smith boys carried revolvers, but Jacob Hamblin would not wear his as he wanted the chiefs to understand that he was not afraid. The Navajo talked among themselves some time,

then told Hamblin his turn had come. In his slow, quiet way

which always inspired awe and admiration among Indians, he told them of all his years of effort to keep peace between the red man and his people. He told them the facts of the killing

of their braves, emphasizing the fact that the "Mormons"had no part in it. He appealed to them not to kill him and his

brethren for a crime they had not committed. This speech, in

a voice calm and frank, seemed to influence the grey heads in his favor. Seeing this, the young men were roused to greater

efforts to enrage their elders.

A fierce young orator, in full war regalia, led in the wounded boy and with burning words that stirred the Indian nature to its very depths, bared the blasted arm and repeated the bloody story of the shooting. His words, backed by the sight of the sullen

cripple, brought the council to its feet with a glare of silent menace on every swarthy face. The tense silence was disturbed

only by the hushed movements of the Smiths freeing their guns from the scabbards. At this Hamblin commanded them, still in

that calm, fearless voice to, "Hold still: do not make the first

move, and there will be no move made."

He then began an answer to the Piute interpreter, but fear made the fellow dumb. He could speak neither to Hamblin nor

the Navajos. He was a sort of slave to one of the chiefs, and

when their slaves displeased them the Navajos did not hesitate to put them to death. Another Piute was brought in, but after

a few words fear made him as dumb as the first. This delay

helped to ease the strain of the situation, and by the time a

Navajo interpreter could be found the crisis had passed. After

listening to more talk from the white man, they felt more forgiving, and in lieu of blood they offered to take cattle and horses for the injury done them. They demanded a promissory note

for the payment of one hundred head of cattle for each of the dead braves and fifty head for the wounded lad.

This left the peacemaker in as difficult a position as at first.

By signing he could go free. But he had no such herd of cattle, nor any authority to bind the "Mormon"Church to pa\

such an indemnity. Besides which, payment would be a tacit

admission that he had lied to them and that the "Mormons"were guilty after all. He had to answer that he would not sign

such a promise. At this refusal of what they considered a generous concession, their wrath blazed up again. With deadly

menace in eye and voice a stern old warrior pointed to the heap of live coals in their midst and asserted: "You will, by the time

you have been stretched over that bed of coals awhile."But

A VICTORY FOR PEACE 425

Hamblin's firm answer was that he had never lied to them, and that he would not pay for the wrong another had committed.

"Let the guilty men pay for their own mischief, I will not sign for one hoof."

In the wrathful hush of this deadlock, a Piute chief asked

Hamblin if he were not afraid.

"What is there to scare me?"was the reply.

"The Navajos."

"I am not afraid of my friends,"was the staunch answer.

"Friends!"the Piute exclaimed, "you have not one friend in

all the Navajo nation. Navajo blood has been spilled on your

land. You have caused a whole nation to mourn. Your friend,

Kechine, who gave you meat when you were hungry, and blankets when you were cold, has gone to mourn for his murdered sons. You have caused the bread he eats to be like coals

of fire in his mouth, and the water he drinks like hot ashes.

Are you not afraid?"

"No,"Hamblin assured him, "my heart never knew fear."

The Navajos were curious and questioned the Piute. He

repeated the talk to them. This fearlessness appealed to their

ideals of manliness, and roused anew the admiration they had always felt fo* Hamblin. A long discussion among themselves

followed, Hamblin finally having opportunity to propose that the chiefs send Hastele, a chief whom all trusted, to the scene of the killing with a party of warriors and an interpreter, to find out the actual facts of the crime. Further discussion ensued,

when Hamblin was rejoiced to hear from the interpreter:

"They are talking good about you now."

It was then agreed that Hamblin should come to Mawabby after twentyfive days, meet the chief's party, and escort them through the "Mormon"country to the McCarty ranch. So ended

well what seemed likely to be a bloody war.

Kanab, Utah

London Conference Reunion in Salt Lake City

Saints and missionaries, late of the London Conference, should know that a permanent organization has been effected of the London conference reunion, the following officers having been appointed: L. A. Southwick,

President; R. H. Jones, First VicePresident; D. E. Hammond, Second VicePresident; J. Rothery, Secretary. Executive Committee, L. A. Thody, Win.

Rook, John T. Seaich, J. W. E. Tomlinson, J. Brooks. The purpose of this

organization is to welcome new comers to this country, assist them to become creditable citizens of the United States; foster and stimulate oldtime

friendships, and to conduct a neighborly work, spiritual and temporal.

Since the last October general conference several active committee meetings have been held preparatory to the April, 1918, roundup of London conference reunion, to be held Friday, April 5, at 8 o'clock, in the Pioneer Stake

Hall, 126 West Fifth South. All interested friends, both missionaries and

emigrated Saints, should be present.

Outlines for Scout Workers

By Delbert W. Parratt, B. S.

XXII. The Canada Goose

Oh! Nature's noblest gift—my graygoose quill!

Slave of my thoughts, obedient to my will,

Torn from thy parent bird to form a pen,

The mighty instrument of little men!

—Lord Byron.

1. Name at least four kinds of geese found in North America.

2. Tell of the range of the Canada goose and suggest a reason for its

name. 3. Tell of the size, color, and markings of this goose and contrast male

and female in these respects.

4. Explain the general rule regarding the color of young birds in case

the parents are alike in color. The young goose sometimes varies from this.

In what way?

5. Give time of migrations and describe method of flight.

6. Where, when, and of what are the nests made?

7. When is moulting time? Why then?

8. Geese -e often decoyed. Why and how?

9. Upcn what do geese subsist?

10. What protection do we give our wild geese? Is this enough? Why?

Wild Geese The wind blows, the sun shines, the birds sing loud,

The blue, blue sky is flecked with fleecy dappled cloud,

Over earth's rejoicing fields the children dance and sing.

And the frogs pipe in chorus, "It is spring! It is spring!"

The grass comes, the flower laughs where lately lay the snow,

Over the breezy hilltop hoarsely calls the crow,

By the flowing river the alder catkins swing

And the sweet songsparrow cries, "Spring! It is spring!"

Hark, what a clamor goes winging through the sky!

Look children! Listen to the sound so wild and high!

Like a peal of broken bells—kling, klang, kling,

Far and high the geese cry, "Spring! It is spring!"

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 427

Bear the winter off with you, O wild geese, dear!

Carry all the cold away, far away from here;

Chase the snow into the North, O strong of heart and wing,

While we share the robin's rapture crying, "Spring!—CeliaIt Thaxter.is spring!"

North America is famous for its geese. A number of different kinds are found here. The most noted are the Hutchins,

whitecheeked, cackling, and Canada. The Canada is the largest of the lot and best known among gunners and epicures. His

range extends from the Arctic Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico, and from the Pacific to the Atlantic. He is the only one of our geese

to be found in all parts of the continent, but, as his name suggests, is especially fond of the quiet stretches of Canada.

"As befits things American, our Canada goose is the greatest of his kind, search the world over. None other is so large,

none other affords the man who bags him such depths of satisfaction."Ordinarily he measures from thirtysix to fortythree

inches in length, and from about ten to fifteen pounds in weight.

His body feathers are of dark grayish brown color on his back and sides, but fade to a white on the lower belly. The slanting

breast is of paler grayish brown, and the long wing quills, short tail, narrow rump, strong neck, and pointed head are of pleasing black. A broad triangular patch of contrastive white covers each

cheek. At times these patches are separated under the chin by

a narrow line of black, but usually they meet with no suggestion of demarkation.

Both male and female are much alike in color and markings, however, the gander is somewhat the larger in size. As a

rule when both parents display the same sort of gowns and trimmings, the young offspring differ but little in their attire from that of the grownups. This is true of the Canada goose

"boys and girls."The only pronounced difference is found in

the white cheek patches, which in the children are sometimes marked with black.

Every company of Canada geese has its leader and guards.

"On the march, ranks are maintained more uniformly than in the German army, and all maneuvers are executed with absolute military precision. It would do you good to see a file of geese

in straight line swinging about a pit, and note the speed with which the outer bird 'hopped'it up to keep in line."In

early spring, when the call of the North comes, the leader gives orders and away they fly to cooler climes. Their flight is firm,

steady, and swift and, on clear days, high in the air. They

travel in V-shaped formation with their experienced leader setting the pace and marking the way. Often their passage is heralded by a mellow, "Honk, honk, honk"and at times the fanning

of their busy wings is distinctly audible, even though the gliding flock be so far above the observer.

428 IMPROVEMENT ERA

These migratory pilgrimages sometimes cover two or three thousand miles. Most of the traveling is done during the day,

but at times they "move on"at night. When alighting, the outspread wings are held motionless, and the birds gracefully drift

down a long slope, finally settling with a heavy splash upon the water. As a rule they sleep on the water with heads tucked

under wings until the first peep of day.

Before the coming of the white man, these interesting birds nested in great numbers along the lakes and rivers of northern

United States, but the inroads of civilization have since changed the breeding grounds almost wholly to the wilds of Canada.

However, in sparsely settled regions a few still hold to the old grounds. Occasionally nests are found in our own state. During the summer just passed a flock of twenty or so hatched and

reared its young among the shallow waters in the northwestern part of Salt Lake valley.

Usually the secluded nest is built among reeds or tall grass bordering marsh or stream or else on higher ground not far from water. It is a mass of sticks or reeds lined with grass, and

kept warm by fluffy feathers and down from the mother bird's breast. In it are from five to eight pale buff, dull green, or else

ivory white eggs, about three and onehalf by two and onehalf inches in size.

The eggs are cared for almost entirely by the goose and during the month she is sitting the gander keeps watch in the immediate vicinity to protect her in case of approaching danger.

At an early age the little goslings are led to the water and from then on have no further use of the nest.

Soon after the young are hatched both parent birds begin to moult. At this time they live with the babies upon or near the

water and in consequence have but little use for their wings. As

a result the birds, in moulting, shed their wing feathers all at once and for a period are quite unable to fly. Indians and

Eskimos know of this peculiar custom and for a long time have taken advantage of it in killing many geese during this critical period of their lives.

By many sportsmen the Canada goose is regarded as the wariest and gamiest of all game birds. He is alert and difficult

to approach, but his strong gregarious habits often result in his "downfall"among hunters. He is very sociable and will seldom

pass others of his kind that happen to be swimming upon water or feeding upon land. In consequence, an "artificial goose"or

staked cripple rarely fails to attract the passing flock. When

thus brought to within gunshot he becomes easy prey to the screened marksman.

This fondness of company is taken advantage of in still another wayHunters have learned to imitate the call whistle of

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 429 the goose, and use it in decoying him to screened pits dug in the midst of frequented feeding grounds. Only skilful whistlers,

however, meet with much success in beguiling the keeneared goose to within shooting distance of the pit.

Geese are especially suspicious of dogs and men, but soon become accustomed to cows and horses. Gunners sometimes

avail themselves of this by hiding behind these animals while in quest of the birds. In California oxen have been trained to

serve as screens for this purpose.

When first frightened geese become much confused, but are soon composed when launched in air. On clear days, they

usually fly high, but when going against wind, snow, or fog almost invariably skim just above the fields and water.

While with water they feed upon eelgrass, roots of aquatic plants, insects, small fish, and the like, but when afield they search for berries and glean for corn, wheat, and other grains that may have been left among the stubble.

The Canada goose is easily domesticated and becomes much attached to friendly surroundings. In company with others he

appears quite comfortable and contented, but when alone is restless and ill at ease. He then seems bent on finding lost

companions, and in the effort wabbles heedlessly into almost every place open to his view. It is then that he is the "goose"

of the old Mother Goose rhyme:

"Goosey, goosey gander, whither do you wander,

Up stairs, down stairs, in the lady's chamber?"

Section 25 of the Utah Fish and Game law reads:

"It shall be unlawful for any person to take, kill, wound, shoot at or have in his possession any wild ducks, or geese, or to rob or destroy any nest, egg, or young of any wild duck, goose, or snipe.

"This provision shall not prohibit the killing of not more than six geese or twentyfive of all the birds mentioned in this section in any one day, during the season allowed therefor, which shall commence on the first day of

October and close on the 31st day of December of each year. Provided,

that it shall be unlawful to use sneak boats or sink boxes or other similar devices for the pursuit of such game, or to take, kill, wound or shoot at any of the said birds between sunset and sunrise. Every person who shall violate any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor

and failure by the party in possession of such birds to give satisfactory explanation shall be deemed prima facie evidence of guilt."

If twenty persons should each kill six geese daily for ten or fifteen days, how many wild geese would be left in our state?

No wonder, under such laws, our wild "honkers"are so rapidly disappearing.

My Sleepy Goslings Oh, say, did you ever listen, Oh, say, did you ever try To understand what the goslings say,

In their vesper hymns, at close of day,

Their "baby sleep,"their roundelay,

Their "good night"lullaby?

430 IMPROVEMENT ERA

After a long day's journey, The whole of the weary brood Come trudging home, with pattering feet,

Telling, in accents grave and sweet,

Of wonderful victories and defeat,

While they were seeking food.

They all drop down in a circle,

And chatter of strangest things,

Of the bumblebee, with his velvet crest,

And the rumblybuzz within his vest

They tell how the firefly builds her nest,

And the moth, with silken wings

And how, in the early morning,

While seeking the clover's bloom,

They wrestled with dandelion tops,

And chased a funny bird that hops,

Then drank the silvery dew that drops

Down from the spider's loom.

They tell of strange adventures

With bugs as black as night, And how a great, gr en, ugly frog

Made faces at them from a log,

And then jumped back into the bog—

Which gave them such a fright!

And now, that the day is over And they are free from harm They chirp with drowsy, dense delight,

With closing eyes to the falling night,

Huddling together close and tight

Together snug and warm.

And then they begin to murmur A musical "all is well"A fairy hears it and echoes the strain,

Another one catches and sends it again

To a third, who gathers the whole refrain

In the folds of his silver bell.

Peep low, my pretty goslings, Soft trills the nightingale;

The dew is falling, the crickets sing,

The firefly dances, the swamp mists cling,

A fairy poses on gossamer wing "All's right, and all is well."

Sweeter than lamentation Of autumn's turtledove!

Sweeter than dirge to the falling leaves,

So solemnly sung by October's breeze,

Or cadence of the sorrowful trees,

Mourning for desolate love!

Sweeter than rippling waters, Or the notes of the dying swan!

Sweeter than robin, or whippoorwill,

Is that "rock-a-bye"from fairy hill,

That sweet refrain of "Peace be still,"

Which the goslings coo and murmur and trill,

From evening until dawn. Flora E. Bennett.

Underwood & Underwood, New York

JERUSALEM DELIVERED Carrying out the customs of the Crusaders who, centuries before, delivered the Holy City from the infidels for a time, Gen. Allenby, commander of

the victorious British forces, is shown entering Jerusalem on foot, after he had succeeded in wresting it from the sway of the Turk. The Turks and

their Teuton allies had already evacuated the city, and the British forces were in complete control when the British commander made his triumphal entry through the Jaffa gate. Accompanying Gen. Allenby are his staff and

the commanders of the French and Italian forces who cooperated with the

British in the drive through Palestine. This is the first official photo, showing the British forces entering the Holy City.

Should Latterday Saints Drink CocaCola?

By Dr. Frederick J. Pack

At noon recess of a recent general conference of the Church, while waiting by appointment for a friend at one of the city's principal drug stores, the writer became very much astonished to witness a large number of brethren and sisters step up to the soda water counter, drink a class of cocacola, and then 'valk away as if it were a regular practice.

Subsequent investigation has convinced the writer that great numbers of Latterday Saints, who devotedly abstain from the use of tea and coffee, are persistent drinkers of cocacola. It

is quite generally known that this popular beverage is being extensively used by young people; the surprise, however, comes

in the information that older and more experienced people are using it. Recent inquiry seems to indicate that the "Mormon"

people in general are quite unfamiliar with the chemical composition of this drink and that its physiological effect is very much the same as that of tea or coffee.

The purpose in writing this article is to place before the

Latterday Saints a simple, frank and unbiased statement of the nature of cocacola and its effect upon those who use it.

Some few years ago the United States government chemists brought suit under the Pure Food and Drugs law against the

CocaCola Company, charging that this drink is deleterious to health. A long and hardfought suit followed. The judge ruled

that the Pure Food and Drugs law does not cover such a case as presented and dismissed the matter. Since that time much has

appeared in certain newspapers and privately published pamphlets to the effect that the harmless nature of cocacola has been vindicated. It should be noted, however, that the judge reported

nothing of the kind; his ruling simply shows that the Pure Food

and Drugs law needs amending.

During the court proceedings just alluded to,, government and other chemists proved beyond question that the beverage cocacola contains a high percentage of the alkaloid caffeine.

The CocaCola Company itself is very frank in its admission of the existence of this drug as witness the following statement taken from an advertisement recently appearing in the Medical

Times: "Cocacola belongs to the same class of food products

SHOULD LATTERDAY SAINTS DRINK COCACOLA? 433

as tea and coffee, viz., the caffeinebeverages. Though they differ

in flavor they are similar in effect, for caffeine is their common and only active principle."

We quote from a little pamphlet, distributed gratis by the

CocaCola Company, entitled The Truth, the Whole Truth and

Nothing But the Truth About CocaCola: "What we want you

to understand, however, is the very important fact that there is caffeine in CocaCola and that it is of actual benefit to you. It

accident and never to be apolois there with a purpose—not by

gized for, explained, or even criticized."

The similarity of the action of cocacola to that of tea and coffee is further admitted in the following quotation taken from the pamphlet just mentioned: "Let us come out flatfooted and

tell you people who think—who use your brains to make your

helps. It helps you just as tea and coffeeliving—that CocaCola

help. It takes away from the tired brain that which produces

its fatigue; thereby ease of thought is produced by the caffeine

in tea, coffee and CocaCola that anyone who makes his living by brainwork will appreciate.

"As a drinker of the other beverages you will fully understand what we mean. When you have tasted CocaCola and received its benefits you will understand fully and completely what

we mean when we tell you that this delicious beverage is your 'betweenmeals cup of tea and coffee'."

For the Latterday Saints who believe that tea and coffee are detrimental, there can be but one attitude toward the use of cocacola, for, according to the testimony of the company itself, its action is precisely similar to that of tea and coffee.

Some idea of the relative harmfulness of cocacola and tea and coffee can be obtained from a comparison of the respective amounts of caffeine that each carries. Authorities agree that

caffeine is present in tea and coffee, as they are ordinarily served at restaurant tables, to the extent of about 1.5 to 2.5 grains per

cup. The cocacola people admit that an equal amount of their

beverage contains about 1.25 grains of caffeine. It will be observed that cocacola contains slightly less caffeine than does an

equal amount of either tea or coffee. It should be understood,

however, that an ordinary glass of cocacola is much larger than a cup of the other beverages. It is fair to say, therefore, that

the caffeine content of a glass of cocacola is just about equal to that contained in a cup of tea or coffee.

But just here another point should be kept in mind. Caffeine is naturally present in tea and coffee while it is artificially

present in cocacola; to the latter the drug is added during the

process of manufacture. According to the belief of certain

noted scientists, caffeine, when artificially added is much more harmful than when naturally present. Of this matter Dr. Harvey

134 IMPROVEMENT ERA

W. Wiley says: "When caffeine is separated from tea and coffee,

and used as a separate drag, it exerts a very much more specific action upon the system than when in natural combination."

Dr. William J. Schieffelin, president of the National Wholesale

Druggists'Association, says practically the same thing in the following excerpt: "When you take caffeine in tea and coffee you

take it accompanied by caffetannic acid, which goes in with the infusion. After you have had two or three cups your stomach does not crave any more. If you extract the caffeine and

mix it with syrup, and flavor it, you can drink six or eight glasses of it, and there is no warning from your stomach, and you become a nervous wreck. That is the danger of the drinks that

have caffeine added to them."

It is not the purpose of the present article to describe even briefly the effects of caffeine upon the human system; this would

require far more space than is at present available. The Latterday Saints are already more or less familiar with this matter.

The cocacola habit has made rapid inroads into the lives of an unsuspecting people. Especially during summer months

it is not an unusual matter for business men and office girls to drink as high as five or more glasses of this beverage daily. The

CocaCola Company claims that as much as seven to fourteen glasses of their beverage taken daily will not be injurious to health. This amount would contain 8 to 16 grains of caffeine.

The truthfulness of their claim can be judged from the results of the experiment outlined below, in which the greatest quantity of caffeine administered was 6 grains.

Some six or seven years ago the CocaCola Company furnished the money with which Professor H. L. Hollingworth of

Columbia University made an extensive series of experiments dealing with the effect of caffeine upon human beings. Professor Hollingworth had previously acted as an expert for the CocaCola Company in the suit to which reference has been made,

and, therefore, was likely not prejudiced against the use of caffeine at least in small quantities. After the completion of the

experiments the results were published in book form, but no one seems to have heard of the CocaCola Company heralding its findings. We may surmise that they were not just what the

company had expected.

Throughout the experiment great care was exercised to reduce all disturbing influences to a minimum, so that the results would be the more reliable. The subjects, consisting of

six men and ten women, were engaged for a period of forty days, and during this time each individual was required strictlv to conform to certain stipulated conditions relating to diet and general activity. None was permitted to use tea, coffee, chocolate, cocoa, tobacco, soda fountain drinks containing patent

SHOULD LATTERDAY SAINTS DRINK COCACOLA? 435

syrups, alcoholic drinks or any drug except as instructed by the director in charge.

In order further to avoid any probability of error, the subjects were not permitted to know when the caffeine was administered. This was accomplished by prescribing at stated intervals, capsules part of which contained caffeine and part of

which did not.

Eight of the subjects were regular users of caffeinebearing beverages; three were moderate users; three were occasional

users; and three were abstainers.

At times throughout the forty days of this experiment the subjects were given varying quantities (1-6 grains) of caffeine, and at other times not any. They were also carried through

a great variety of tests designed to determine the effect of the drug on various phases of human activity.

The following is the present writer's summary of Professor Hollingworth's investigation. It should be kept in mind

that the greatest amount of caffeine administered for any one day was 6 grains; this amount is contained in three to five

glasses of cocacola as ordinarily served at soda water fountains.

1. All doses of caffeine (1-6 grains) increase the rapidity

with which simple muscular tasks are performed.

2. All doses of caffeine (1-6 grains) increase the rate at

which simple mental activities are performed.

3. Small doses of caffeine (1-3 grains) cause greater stimulation in the two preceding than do larger doses, the simulation being inversely proportional to the size of the dose.

4. Even the smaller doses of caffeine increase nervousness

to a marked degree. The nerves are very badly affected by the

larger doses.

5. Both the quality and quantity of sleep are badly impaired by the average (1-6 grains) and seriously impaired by

the larger doses.

6. Large doses of caffeine cause a greater impairment of

sleep and increase of nervousness than small ones, the. effect

proportional to the size of the dose.

7. The deleterious effect of the average caffeine dose (1-6

grains) is readily noticeable in the general health, while the sixgrain doses cause serious impairment.

Thus, at the hands of the people who are attempting to defend it, caffeine is shown to be a true stimulant (literally a whip) goading the system on to abnormal activity, which is paid for by general impairment of health.

Should the Latterday Saints or, for that matter, anyone else, drink cocacola?

436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOUR GENERATIONS

The above portrait represents baby Josephine Preston, daughter of Dr.

Alexander P. and Josephine Herrick Preston, of Rigby, Idaho. In the center

is Dr. Preston; to the left, John L. Herrick, grandfather; to the right, Honorable Joseph A. West, a wellknown engineer, greatgrandfather, who, in

1883-7 was assistant in the superintendency and also assistant general secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A., and a faithful worker for years, up to 1881, as superintendent of the Weber Stake Y. M. M. I. A. John L. Herrick, who is

now president of the Western States mission, acted as secretary of the Y. M.

M. I. A. of Weber stake for ten years, and later for nearly ten years was superintendent. Dr. Preston is president of the Y. M. M. I. A. of Rigby. The

li tie girl, with an ancestry of such record in the young people's organizations, ought surely also to make her mark in M. I. A. work.

They Kissed Again with Tears

By Henry Nicol Adamson

"Allan., will you come home in time to accompany me to

Lady Barr's garden fete? It is for the Red Cross, you know, and

I promised you would be there if at all possible."

Allan Foster looked up from the morning paper with a frown on his strong, handsome face.

"You had no right to promise for me, Maggie,"he answered sharply. "It is quite impossible for me to go anywhere in business hours. I doubt, indeed, if I can get home for dinner tonight. This last Government order is taxing all our resources."

His young wife's face darkened.

"I might have known better,"she said bitterly. "Seeing

moneymaking is the one thing you care about, go on making it

If all the world pities me as a neglected wife, let it! I'm past

caring what people say!"

"Don't be silly, Maggie,"was the sole reply to this outburst.

"You know business must be attended to, especially such a business as ours, as essential to the carrying on of this European war as the men in khaki with whom you compare me, to my disadvantage, at every turn!"

"That is no excuse,"retorted his wife. "If you had been

half a man you would have found ways and means of leaving the business,jeeringly—"mightas hundredshaveofmeantother heavymen haveloss, done.against Butwhichthat"your

commercial soul would have risen in revolt! If I could have

foreseen anything like this I would never have married outside the Service! The daughter of a long line of soldiers ought to

marry a soldier whether it means constant worry over a too small income or not!"

Allan Foster slowly rose to his feet. He was strangely white

about the lips.

"Then my sister was right?"he said, hoarsely, "you never

cared for me; only for my money?"

Maggie's pained and startled silence seemed more than sufficient reply. With a muffled groan he turned and stumbled

blindly from the room. Maggie hid her face in her trembling

hands. "Oh, it is all too terrible!"she moaned. "If only he had

cared, nothing else would have mattered; but I am nothing

less than nothing—to him! Even the boy's death did not move

438 IMPROVEMENT ERA

him. His business is his whole life. I do not believe it would

cost him more than a passing pang if I were to die tomorrow!

love him with my whole 'heart andAnd yet I—God help me!

soul!'"Yet as Allan Foster was rapidly driven to his great factories, which were working almost night and day turning out supplies for the army and navy, he was hugging to his breast the agonizing belief that the wife he worshiped had never really loved him, and would not care though she would never see him again! He

hnd never found it easy to express his deepest feelings. Maggie

had gripped his heart almost in their first moment of meeting, yet even when he asked her to be his wife he had not been able to find words to tell her all that she meant to him. After the

marriage his sister, who had lost a comfortable position as his housekeeper, was not slow to impress upon the young wife that he had been guided mainly by his desire to link his life with that of a country family, though an older, wiser woman than

Maggie would have realized the stupidity of the suggestion, seeing Allan proved most unwilling to waste precious time "hobnobbing with the gentry!"

Business had been his life till he met Maggie. Outwardly

it continued to be so, even after the boy came. And when the

else but a greater absorptionboy was taken away—ah, then what

in business would help him to forget all his shattered dreams?

Maggie's mother had taken her to the old home for a long visit.

When she came back Allen was seemingly further away from her than ever, and the awful emptiness of her life, combined with her wounded pride, had driven her into a feverish pursuit of pleasure which he neither could nor would share. Then the

outbreak of war had given her work to do, but at the same time filled her with shame, because the man whose name she bore was not one of those who immediately answered the call of King and country, though she had not said so in as many words till this morning, when the bitter recollection of a conversation overheard the previous day had driven her to the utterance of her taunting speech.

Yet Allan had known by instinct how she felt, and, with no counting of the cost, had offered himself as a common private, of a heart weakness of which heonly to be rejected—because

had not known till then. The doctor, a personal friend, had

added a warning that he was overworking, but Allan could still do his bit in that way, and would at any risk. He had not told

Maggie, thinking there was no good worrying her. And now, he

was thinking bitterly, she would not care. If he. died tomorrow,

she would be well provided for, and she would be free to marry a war hero when the time was ripe!

THEY KISSED AGAIN WITH TEARS 439

That lie could harbor such a thought was indeed evidence of how deeply the iron had entered into his soul.

He did some rapid planning after that, and when he entered his office he surprised his partner by the decision he announced.

"I'm going to India myself, George, instead of sending Galloway.

You know he's mad to enlist, and we've no right to keep him back. It means working double tides for you. but I know you

won't mind that! It's for the British Empire!"

"I'll survive,"said George, laconically; "but you're not fit

for India, old man. The last spell of it pretty nearly did for

you. And you hadn't a wife to think of then!"

Allan Foster made no answer, but began to busy himself with the letters. His partner gave him a long, searching look,

and recalled his own wife's words that the Fosters were daily drifting further apart. He wondered if this separation would

bring them together, or widen the breach. He rather inclined to

believe the latter.

"Look here, Foster, you must think this matter well out,"he ventured. "After all, business isn't the only thing that matters, and unless it is absolutely essential, a man should never

leave his wife alone, as you would need to do. If one of us must

go, why shouldn't I? My wife has the children to keep her

company. And, physically, I'm much better fitted for the job.

It may mean a year and more to get that muddle out there cleared up."

"I don't care though it takes for ever!"said Foster shortly.

"T am going, and there's an end to it!"

And when the senior partner spoke in such a tone, the junior knew remonstrance was utterly futile. Within an hour Foster's

passage by the P. and 0. was booked, and preparations for his

departure were in full swing. The day was a crowded one, and

he did not get home that night till his wife had gone to bed.

Somehow, he was not sorry. He believed it would be better

not to tell her that he was going till the very last day. He would

not like her to think that the scene of that morning had driven him away.

She was in the breakfast room before him next morning, seemingly too busy with her letters to look up as she answered his quiet, formal "Good morning!"To Allan it was all too evident that she neither wanted, nor expected, the usual kiss.

a mere form, she was telling herself It meant nothing—was

fiercely, even while she honed against hope that he would come and put his arms around her, and force her to look up, then press his lins to hers, before he told her that it had all been a his sister's cruel words. mistake—that he had never believed

Instead, he took his own place without another word, and lifted the newspaper lying beside his plate. If Maggie did not

440 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wish to speak, he certainly would not force her, he told himself.

And so love was crushed underfoot by angry pride, and misery instead of joy reigned in the sunuy breakfast room

Only when a maid announced the car did Maggie volunteer an unnecessary remark.

"Do you expect to be home for dinner, Allan?"she asked.

"I don't know. I'll ring up if I won't,"he answered. "If

you want to be out, don't stay in for me."

"It is my evening at the Soldier's RestHut,"she replied, "and I would really need to be there by six. But I don't want

you to feel that I'm neglecting my home duties."

"I don't think I have ever accused you of doing so!"was the

cold answer.

"If it will make your mind any easier, I can dine at the Club.

It would be more convenient for me, anyhow, as I shall have to go back to the office."

"That will be all right then,"said Maggie, and took up the morning paper.

Allan Foster sharply drew in his breath as he turned towards the door. Truly the misunderstanding between them was complete.

The husband did not have an idle moment, the wife did not allow herself one all through the long, crowded day. Neither

of them wished to think of anything but the work in hand. But

Maggie had not been very long in the Soldiers'RestHut before her carefully concealed agony was intensified an hundredfold.

A young girl who was assisting at the counter came up, when there was a moment's lull, and spoke, a little shyly, "I hope we aren't to lose you when your husband goes to

India, Mrs. Foster? I can't tell you how grateful we are to him,

not only for setting my brother free to enlist, but promising that the firm will pay my mother his full salary all the time he is away. Dan has been breaking his heart because he couldn't go,

as the firm had no one else to send to India but himself, till Mr.

Foster thought of this way out."

For a moment Maggie was too stunned to reply. Allan

going to India, and leaving her to learn the fact in this casual way! She felt as if she had been stabbed to the very heart. But

pride came to her aid. Her voice was perfectly steady when she

spoke. "I'm not quite sure what I shall do, Miss Galloway. Mr.

Foster and I have not discussed my arrangements yet, but it is probable that I shall go to my mother's while he is away. But

vou will find plenty of people ready to take my place here.

There are none of us who can't be done without, you know!"

"Oh, Mrs. Foster, you are the very life and soul of this

place!"cried a second girl, and Maggie smiled, a little wearily.

THEY KISSED AGAIN WITH TEARS 441

It was good to be appreciated by outsiders, if she were nothing to the man who was all her world and more!

She never knew how she got through the rest of the evening.

Shortly after nine she came to the end of her endurance, and decided to slip off home without waiting for her car, which came for her at ten. Somehow, she was glad when she stepped outside to find that it was raining heavily, while the wind was rising

to a hurricane. The storm without but suited the storm within.

But even as she stepped off the pavement to cross the street, her name was called, and she looked round quickly to see the family doctor behind her. "I was just thinking of you,"he said. "My

car is waiting at the corner. Let me take you home."And because she was too tired to resist, she let him lead her to the

waiting car. As it moved off, he took her hand in both his own,

and spoke in low, gentle tones.

"Mrs. Foster, I am going to exercise an old friend's privilege,

and ask a question which you may or may not resent. What is

wrong between Allan and you that he is set on going to India, when I have warned him that it means certain death? His particular form of heart trouble need cause him very little inconfears may be exaggeratedvenience here, but in India—well, my

by my love for my lifelong chum, but the least that he can do is to take my advice and see a specialist before he goes; and seeing

he won't listen to me, it is up to you to persuade him to do so, and abide by the specialist's decision. Whatever the misunderstanding between you, I know that you love each other truly,

otherwise I would not have spoken thus frankly."

Maggie's heart had almost ceased beating. Not only was

Allan going to India without telling her, but he was going, openeyed, into grave danger. What else could that mean but that he

was tired of his life with her, and with his dogged, middleclass pride would prefer death to the scandal of an open separation?

Truly the shame and humiliation of it were more than she could bear! Yet she must not let the doctor—Allan's friend morethan hers—know how terribly he had hurt her by his revelation.

So she pulled herself together, and spoke with wondrous calm.

"I'm afraid Dr. Lee, that I have no more chance of turning

Allan from his purpose than you. If his mind is made up to go

to India, he will go, no matter who should endeavor to keep him back. I, for one, certainly will not try!"

There was a finality in her tone which told Arthur Lee that the misunderstanding between the two was deeper far than he had guessed, and the car had stopped at her door before he could find words to reply.

She dismissed him with cold courtesy. "Thank you for

bringing me home, Dr. Lee,"she said, when he had rung the

442 IMPROVEMENT ERA

electric bell. "I needn't ask you in, as Allan won't be home yet,

and I am going straight to bed."

He smiled a little crookedly.

"I see I have offended you, Mrs. Foster,'* he said; "but my

conscience tells me that I have done the right thing. Allan himself would never have told you about the heart weakness which

we only discovered when he tried to enlist, the very day after the age limit was raised, and it is only right that you should know.""Allan tried to enlist?"she said, almost overwhelmed by

this last revelation. "And I never knew, and all but called him

a coward. He tells me nothing. I only learned by accident that

he was going to India! So now you will understand how far we

have drifted apart. I am nothing—less than nothing—to him;

and I only wish you were able to tell me that my days were numbered, for life without Allan's love is not worth living!"And

before he could answer that sudden outburst the door was opened, and she hurried inside and almost slammed it in his face.

He whistled softly as he returned to his car. "Well, of

all the muddles! And Allan is equally sure she doesn't care.

He as good as said so today. Yet I'm almost afraid to interfere

further! Ah, if only the boy had lived!"

And Maggie, too, was thinking that, as she wearily climbed the stairs to her own room, after refusing the maid's offer of refreshment. Her one desire was to be alone, behind a securely locked door, to face the wreckage of her lifehappiness,

and try to find some way of escape for both of them which did not necessitate the sacrifice of Allan's useful life!

But as she came to the door of the nursery, in which everything was kept just as it was on the day the boy was taken from them with such startling suddenness, she paused. Would she

go in, and kneel by the empty cot and cry aloud to God to let this last bitter cup pass from her? She knew that Allan had

never crossed the threshold since the little white coffin had been carried out. There would be no danger of him entering

and finding her there.

Yet when she opened the door he was there, kneeling beside the boy's chair, his arms gripping the big teddy bear which had been the boy's favorite plaything, his hands convulsively gripping the tiny white slippers which had been flung to the left the boy was put to bed for thefloor—and there—when

last time! "God help me to play the man,"the deep rich voice was alone knowest how I want them,saying. "I want them—thou

for nothing else speaks of him as they do, but it would break

THEY KISSED AGAIN WITH TEARS 443

Maggie's heart to find them gone, so give me the strength to leave them, to be content to hold him only in my heart and memory, for which I need nothing tangible, which the fingers of the flesh hold!"

Maggie's grip of the doorknob tightened. And this was

the man she had thought heartless, indifferent, too absorbed in his moneymaking to care for her grief, far less to share it, and all the while a sorrow too deep for expression in words had been eating into his very soul!

If she misjudged him so on the one count, why not on the

to her cheekother?Perhaps—and the color came slowly back

perhaps he really cared for her, and only his difficulty of expression had kept him from saying so. Perhaps he was even

breaking his heart, as she was, thinking that she did not care!

Surely God himself had made her open the door, and was urgtill she was kneeling by her husband'sing her forward—forward

side, putting her arms around him, laying her cheek to his.

She felt him grow rigid under her touch, but she called all her courage to her aid.

"Allan, oh Allan, can you forgive me?"she whispered. "I

thought you did not care when God took back the gift he had but lent us for the time, to place it in the niche he keeps in heaven to hold our idols, lest we should impair their whiteness!

And so I grew cold and outwardly indifferent, though you were dearer far to me than you had ever been! I love you, Allan,

I can't tell how I love you! Won't you stay with me, and

let us commence afresh, for oh, I can't believe that you could have loved the boy so very much, and be utterly indifferent to his mother!"

"Ah!"Suddenly he loosened his grip of the inanimate

things which meant so much, that his arms might clasp the woman who embodied all that they stood for and more. "Indifferent to the boys mother—my wife! How far astray you

went, little woman, when you believed that, as far astray as I went when I thought you did not care! But thank God, the misunderstanding is over, darling! We are together now! We

shall remain together till death itself shall part us, and even that will only mean separation for a little while!"

And the healing touch of the little dead hand lay gently upon them as they "kissed again with tears!"

Invocation to Harmony Moderato, Maestoso, Words and Music by Evan Stephens 1st and 2nd Tenor

4? i if v *? y

Awake, awake, voi:e of harmony, and let thy

1st and 2nd Bass.

—r>—? h Q TO *M#-*- 4—t—t- *—-#r—:&=fc=fc

harmo-ny,

feSEgH=2zi::*= *-P I \-%l1 -i 1 m 1 H U charms each heart in spire Till no - ble1

dtfcqpfi—I--i- =2=:

1 1 1 y gz—v—y H fcf—s e—

thoughts each mind shall fire, And rouse to rapture, and rouse to t=x = *=*=:|=t u$ 3=t t- 1

i i i=tP=: t"

dim. e fit.

rapture, and rouse to rap - ture my long slumbering

<5>- t. +r-m—s—f. P—rt- r<*—r

l r r r if r r 5-HH H CODA. (After D.S. only) Fine, mf

\f fmjj\f f irp 171m ny. As lyre. Awake, voice of har - mo

PP 1 1 1 rt m 1 4—Ti-r r<& *s-cP& 1

. 1 F y

INVOCATION TO HARMONY 445

beams in the morn mg,

zz m PP sunbeams in the morning light, Refresh the flow'rs baDolce. rn/

r<—rS S = -I |--J- fe b P 1

(Sing the parts accompanying the melody very soft and staccato.)

So let thy pow'r a - wak - en My mf n

i 1 1 p J is e—fcwy—

I -y-V- 1—y—y——y—PP I

deck'd with dew, So let thy pow'r a wak - en now My h S PP—EEHfcEr*"l ii i -v—v- v-

S3:tjfc: -v—v- soul to life a - new; let me in thee blend my voice,And

f. *—Jp-F SSr'fr v—v—>-a—g—p L ) K L |/ f=

- ring concords let my longiog heart rejoice, While stir

i 1 -i i 1 1 a-KJfL——m17:-—5—? l==—w Q0- {pf—p 9——H jjgjgzl—e—5—g F—i—F-g

rit. D.S.

''1,,J 1—1—1| u—K V—?—y—5—-y—y-ty—(j—f

of my choice, Fall sweetly on the ear. A-

(Do not repeat the first part after D.S.)

Peace Terms

By Dr. Joseph M. Tanner

It will be noted that President Wilson is disposed to be somewhat more generous in his peace terms than either Great Britain or France. Since

America entered the war, the President has been the leading spoksman in what the demands of the Allies will be around the table of the peace conference in case of an Allied victory. This leadership has been generally

accepted by the Entente of Europe, as the importance of.he United States

at this stage of the war is fully recognized. Should the United States be

recognized as the foremost expositor of peace terms? This country enters

the war at the crucial hour, and may become the decisive factor. That our

task will ever equal that of England or France in the war's burdens is not likely. If so, may we not defer to their decision in what ought to be done

in case of victory? Germany's immediate neighbors must live next door to

her and bear the brunt of German aggression which will be perhaps as insistent after the war as it was before. Their danger will be direct, ours indirect. No one who realizes what Germany is now doing need doubt that she

is already preparing for another war, a war in which she expects to avoid the mistakes she made in this.

A brief survey of the situation shows that the Teutons have been pursuing a policy looking to another war as soon as they can shape themselves, and before her enemies will have time to recover from the German policy of absolute destruction. Germany is waging war in the domains of her enemies. Against England she is seeking as completely the destruction of

England's supremacy upon the seas as she can. The submarine warfare has

a double purpose. It is first the destruction of food and other supplies;

and, second, it is the destruction of England's future upon the seas. In the

case of Belgium it is the complete paralysis of that country commercially and in man power. In Serbia it is practical annihilation. In France it is

the complete destruction of northern France and the inability of that country to recover for a generation after Germany is on her feet ready for another, and to her mind, a sucessful war. As much of Italy is to be laid

waste as possible.

Germany does not hope to win out now. She is too smart to indulge

in any such delusions. She knows that all odds are against her, and is

not fighting for present victory. The Teutons know full well that the continuation of the present struggle means greater damage to the future powers

of her enemies than to them, and know, too, their ability to recover in man power is greater than that of their enemies.

As soon as Germany has wrought all the havoc possible to make the future tell in her favor, she will be ready to strike hands with her enemies on almost any terms of peace they may consider a minimum. Then she will

be good, so good that her humility will be almost unendurable. The nations

across the seas understand this better than we do. With them the terms

of peace must look to an enforced future safety. Otherwise this war will

have been fought in vain. Europe should not be placed under German domination before Teuton aggression will be brought home to us. It is, therefore, our duty to see to it that Europe must be made safe for our Allies, and

they are really best qualified to determine what that safety is.

We are mistaken if we suppose that a democracy in Germany will destroy there the military inheritance and education of its people. It is a

martial spirit against which the world must be protected more than against militarism. We are thinking rather of effects than causes. If the martial

spirit is not broken, the military effects of it will soon appear again. Moreover, suffering and material losses are much more quickly forgotten among

PEACE TERMS 447

Germans than among any other people in Europe. They are trained to

endure and glorify their sufferings.

People who vainly imagine that Germany will be ready for an indefinite peace when this war is over do not understand the mental makeup of that country. They don't feel and think as we do. The discipline of severe

punishment is fundamental with them, and a peace without punishment will neither he understood nor appreciated by them. Furthermore a peace without punishment will mean victory to them. It is our duty to help Europe

to win, but when once we have won, we should see to it that Europe as well as democracy is made safe for the world. Germany is now planning

U make England, France, Italy, and Russia dependent commercially upon that country. If war env in such a way as to leave Germany commercially supreme, the Teutons will strike again soon for territorial aggrandizement.

Copyright, Underwood & Underzvood, New York

Damascus.—Now that Jerusalem has fallen to the British forces, the

next objective in the advance through the Holy Land will undoubtedly be

Damascus, in a drive that will have for its ultimate objective Aleppo.

Aleppo is astride the main line of the Bagdad railway and its capture by the British would cut Turkey off from most of Asia Minor and all of Mesopotamia. It would also prevent a German advance on Bagdad by menacing

the Teuton rear and base of operations. In advancing on Aleppo, Damascus

would be probably the first city to fall to the British coming up from

Jerusalem, for it lies on the main line of advance. From Damascus there

is a railroad to Beirut, and that city too would naturally be an objective of the British forces approaching from Jerusalem. This wonderful photograph

shows the most noted part of the city of Damascus, the street called Straight.

It can be seen starting in the right foreground of the photo, beneath the long, arched roof, one of the widest streets in the city, extending across it from east to west, roofed over nearly all the way. Dotting the city can

be seen the minarets from which the Muezzin four times daily call forth the faithful Moslems for their devotions.

Only Life Worth While*

By President Joseph F. Smith

Our meeting is open. We have met here this morning for

the purpose of giving any of the brethren and sisters who desire to express their feelings, thoughts, joy, or satisfaction for the goodness and mercy of the Lord toward them, the privilege of doing so, as far as the time will permit. I am pleased to see the

number that are assembled this morning, and in my heart I feel to say: The Lord bless my brethren and sisters who are here,

who have come here because of the reverence and love they feel for the House of the Lord; and out of the respect they also have

for that principle which has been established in the Church by which we give one day of our substance, which we need for ourselves, and which we generally use for ourselves, for the good of our poor brethren and sisters.

It is a fast fasting and prayer, or in other day—a day of

to entice the preswords a day of rejoicing and prayer,—a day

ence and influence of the Spirit of the living God into our hearts, instead of filling our stomachs to excess with the material things of life. It is good, sometimes, to leave room in our systems, or

our bodies, for the presence and influence of the Spirit of the

Lord, instead of feeling that we are glutted with the richness of his bounties to us, which we enjoy from day to day.

I say to you that I love the truth and the work in which we are engaged, more and more. It seems to me, the force of the

truth that the Lord has revealed, through the instrumentality of the Prophet Joseph Smith, presses upon my mind, and should rest upon the minds of the people who have embraced the gospel. Surely the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth. Surely we, his

children, are most dependent upon him. There is no good

thing, indeed there is nothing in this world, that can in the least degree contribute to the happiness, prosperity, joy, wellbeing, or satisfaction of the children of God that the Lord has not air we breathe, the substance that growsprovided for us—the

out of the elements of the earth by the light of the sun, and the moistures that fall upon the surface of the earth, and the soil itself—all are Godgiven, and belong to the Lord. The

light which shines upon all, even thelight of heaven is his—the

'Remarks at the January Temple fast meeting.

EDITORS'TABLE 449

evil as well as the good. The earth has been prepared by the

Almighty for the sustenance of his children, so that the very food that we eat, our very breath, the air that we breathe, the very sunlight of heaven that shines upon the earth, are all from

God, and we are indebted to him for them. Our existence here

could not continue more than a few moments, at the extreme, were it not for his merciful providences in our behalf. So,

when I think of my dependence upon the Lord for all the good that I enjoy, for life itself, and for the power and principles of existence in mortality, I feel to say: Father, I thank thee

for thy mercies unto me.

I am grateful for life, because life is much to me. There

is nothing but life that is worth while. Blessed, indeed, is he

that hath the gift of eternal life, which is the greatest gift of

God to the children of men, for it not only means endless life but endless increase. Without life there is no existence. With

life there is all the intelligence, the power, the joys and all the blessings that can possibly be. These things come through life;

therefore, life is a precious thing, and we ought to preserve it.

We ought to take care of it the best we can. We ought not to

oppose it; we ought not to do anything that would

limit our existence in the world; but we should do everything

to prolong life and to adapt ourselves to the accomplishment of the greatest possible good that our lives and our abilities will enable us to perform.

Now, the Lord bless you. I did not expect to say much, or

anything, in fact, and I shall not make any further remarks during this meeting. I want the brethren and sisters to feel free

to express themselves, as the Spirit of the Lord leads them; not

to any very great length, but use wisdom with respect to the time which you may occupy. Let the Spirit of the Lord pervade

your minds and give expression to your thoughts. God bless you,

is my prayer, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

President Charles W. Penrose

Congratulations President Charles W. Penrose celebrated his eightysixth

anniversary, on February 4, 1918, having been born in Camberwell, London, England, February 4, 1832. Thousands of our

readers join with us in congratulating him on this auspicious occasion, and in wishing him continued health and happiness.

President Penrose is a remarkable man who is greatly adored and respected by the whole community of Latterday Saints.

He had read the scriptures when four years old, and at the 450 IMPROVEMENT ERA

age of eighteen joined the Church, having become convinced that the doctrine taught by the Latterday Saints was scriptural and true. He straightway became a missionary in England,

and traveled a whole decade thousands of miles preaching the gospel, going mostly on foot, and without purse or scrip. When

released, he emigrated to America, in 1861, and in the Mountain

Valleys took immediate interest in Church affairs, literature, writing and newspaper work. He made speedy progress both in

civil and religious affairs. His life has been one constant stream

of activity, and he arose from one honor to another until at present he occupies an exalted position in the highest quorum of the of the Church. Beloved by all Priesthood—the Presidency

the people, he is constantly sought for the counsel and advice which his long and valued experience enables him to impart.

On the principles of the gospel there is none more versatile, none more entertaining and instructive, both in public speaking and in written utterances, than President Charles W. Penrose.

His many writings on the gospel have been circulated by the millions, and everywhere they have become standards on

Church doctrine. In the early eighties he wrote a valuable

work entitled Mormon Doctrine, and in 1896, while acting as

Assistant Church Historian, he wrote twelve tracts entitled

Rays of Living Light, which series he closed with the following prophetic utterance, very applicable in the present day:

A Prophetic Warning

This is a day of warning. It will be followed by a time

of judgments. The Lord is about to shake terribly the kingdoms of this world. War, pestilence, famine, earthquake, whirlwind, and the devouring fire, with signs in the heavens and on

the earth, will immediately precede the great consummation which is close at hand. These are the last days. All that has

been foretold by the Holy Prophets concerning them is about to be literally fulfilled. The everlasting gospel has been restored

to the earth as one of the signs of the latter days. Israel is

being gathered. The elect of God are assembling from the

four quarters of the earth. The way is opening for the redemption of Judah. Soon all things will be in commotion: "men's

hearts failing them for fear, and looking for the things that are coming on the earth."The places of refuge appointed are in

Zion and in Jerusalem. The Lord, even Jesus the Messiah, will

come to his Holy Temple. He will be glorified in his Saints,

but will "take vengeance on them that know not God and obey not the gospel."He will break in pieces the nations as a potter's vessel. He will sweep the earth as with a besom of destruction. He will establish righteousness upon it and give doEDITORS'TABLE 451

minion to his people. "The meek shall inherit the earth and

the wicked be cut off forever."Therefore, repent and turn

unto him all ye nations, and obey him all ye people, for these words are true and faithful and are given by his Spirit! Salvation has come unto you; reject it not lest ye fall and perish.

The time is at hand!

In Honor of Hyrum M. Smith

The following resolution was introduced by Elder Junius

F. Wells, and unanimously adopted by the General Board

Y. M. M. I. A.:

It is in humility and sorrow that we spread upon the records of the General Board Y. M. M. I. A. the announcement of

the death of one of its most valued and zealous members, Elder

Hyrum M. Smith, who died on the 23rd of January, in his

fortysixth year.

As a member and officer of our association only words of highest approval and praise can be spoken of him—for with us

he was interested, faithful, devoted, exemplary, in every word and act; and he performed his whole duty, with respect to our

organization, valiantly and well.

It has been said by those who remember his grandfather, after whom he was named, that Hyrum was like him, to which we testify from his resemblance to the accepted portrait of the martyred patriarch had among us. Moreover, he was strikingly

like his grandfather in the strength of his character, in moral uprightness, in singleness of heart to serve the Lord, in physical courage and endurance.

Among the many notable encomiums of the life and character of the Patriarch the following we conceive to be among the most perfect epitaphs ever composed, and one of the finest things ever said of any man: "Hyrum Smith, for I, the Lord,

love him because of the integrity of his heart, and because he loveth that which is right before me, saith the Lord."

Words multiplied could add nothing more to our appreciation, admiration and love of our dear brother Hyrum than to say he was like his grandfather.

We desire, nevertheless, to record our confident belief that, as God sends forth from his presence his faithful servants as angels to minister to men on earth; so also he calls men from

among men to minister elsewhere, as appeareth with him needful and well. In this conviction and that we shall meet again,

we bow to the Divine will in this seemingly too early parting, for a season, from our dear and highly valued friend and fellow452 IMPROVEMENT ERA

servant. We sympathize deeply with Iiih greatly beloved father,

President Joseph F. Smith, our revered General Superintendent,

and with his sorrowing mother, who grievously mourn the separation from their son; and with Hyrum's affectionate and

devoted wife and children, who miss him most.

We fervently pray our Father in heaven for the consolation and comfort of his Spirit to be upon them all.

Salt Lake City, January 30, 1918.

The "Era"Story Contest

In the January 5 contest, the committee selected a story entitled, The Retreat of the Dismal Night, by Elizabeth Cannon Porter, of Salt Lake City, for the first place; and The Real

Thing, a story by Ethel K. Horsley, of Brigham City, for second

place.

There were eighteen stories submitted to the Era for the

February 5 contest. The first place was given to Mrs. Venice

F. Anderson of Dupont, Washington; her story is entitled Corporal Ron of the 362nd. The second place was given to the

story entitled Forfeits, by Nephi Anderson, of Salt Lake City:

and to a story by Mrs. Elsie C. Carroll, of Provo, entitled The

Miracle. The latter two were of such equal merit, in the

opinion of the judges, that the second place was given to both.

Readers of the Era will find special pleasure in these five stories which will appear in due time in the magazine.

Writers will please take notice that the next contest will be held on the 5th of March. Stories for this contest should

reach the editor by that date.

Messages from the Missions

From Tasmania

This is a photo of the five elders who are now laboring in the Tasmanian conference. Top, left to right: Harry J. Russell, Salt Lake City;

Marion Woolley, Kanab; bottom row: Leo G. Robertson, Springville;

Eugene Nichols, American Fork, Utah, and Ed. C. Phillips, Idaho Falls, Ida.

It has been some time since the Era has heard of our work; so this will be

a good time to let you know that we are as live as ever, and active in the work. There is a manifest spirit of indifference to religion in Australia,

but we have been enjoying a marked degree of success in Hobart, in that we have effected nine baptisms the last three months, and the attendance at our meetings has been steadily increasing, until now we are considering the installation of more seats, or else moving to larger quarters. The Era

has played no small part in the conversion of these new members, and helping to keep such a perfect spirit of unity and brotherly love among the

Saints. We, the elders and Saints, appreciate your kindness in sending it

EDITORS'TABLE 453

to us, and are hoping that the war will not hinder our receiving same in the future.

Just recently we reopened our Launceston branch, and expect great results from that field, in the near future.

At present, the picture corporations are showing a film entitled "The

Mormon Maid,"which is an immoral, villainous, and slanderous picture,

purporting to be an exposure of "Mormonism and its hidden secrets."Many

of the unthinking class accept it as the truth, but—thank the Lord—the educated reject it as being absurd, fanciful, a portrayal of sectarian hatred and

bigotry, and disgusting. We get some pretty warm times over it in our trading, but it does us good, as it all helps to build upon the gospel testimony

that we already have.

The president of our mission, Don C. Rushton, has been released and

is now on his way home. President A. D. Miller has been appointed in his

stead. We know that the Lord will grant President Miller the same degree

of success as he did our former beloved president, because he is faithful and Godfearing.

In Tasmania we are less affected by the great European war than most any other place on earth, as we have full and plenty of most every necessity of life, and are so far away that a limited amount of news concerning the conflict reaches us. About the only effects we can see of the war is the

depleted manhood. The high cost of living has hardly touched us yet, as

we can live easily—that is, batch and room—on $13 a month.

Doing Their "Bit"to Overthrow Militarism "We are rapidly decreasing in numbers in Manchester, England. The

three elders now laboring here represent about onetenth of the prewar number. However, in spite of this great shortage, our statistics show equal

number of baptisms as previous, and an increase in the tithing paid. One

may ask how this is possible. The secret is this: the Lord's work will go

on. We have lady missionaries to fill the vacancies created by shortage,

and the local priesthood are doing splendid work. The elders no longer

'carry'the Saints, but they are now carrying on their own activities under the supervision of the elders. The elders in the picture are, left to right:

Lester F. Hewlett, new conference president, Salt Lake City; Wilford F.

Burton, retiring conference president, Afton, Wyo.; Robert W. Cluff, Sugar

City, Idaho. Elder Burton has returned to his home after an honorable

454 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mission of over two years and Elder John H. Wilding, Sugar City, Idaho,

has recently been sent from London to this conference where he is now

acting as clerk. The war seems to be welding the Latterday Saints closer

together daily, and the people here are earnestly watching the signs of the times. Our local priesthood are depleted owing to the war, and the Latterday Saints on this side of the Atlantic are doing their 'bit'to overthrow

militarism."Lester F. Hewlett.

A King Investigating

Elders Newel J. Cutler (sitting), and J. Kenneth Rallison

shown here have been recently called to carry the gospel again to the Haapai Islands. When the first

elders came, they began their labors on these islands, but did not remain long, as the people were not prepared, at that time, to receive the gospel. Since, however,

the spirit of the people has entirely changed, and these two elders are now being received with greatest kindness, having the entire support of the governor and main chiefs of the islands. All meetings are

well attended. The king of these

islands is investigating the gospel at the present, and through his faith has been restored to good health by the administration of the elders. Our work here is growing

and all are laboring hard to prepare this people for the acceptance of the gospel. Willard L. Smith, President of Tongan Mission.

EDITORS'TABLE 455

A Spiritual Feast

Apia, Samoa, Nov. 7, 1917. Elders of the Savaii conference of the

Samoan mission. Left to right, front row: L. Twitchell, C. M. Ferrin,

Mission President E. Wright, Conference President H. A. Jensen, H. W.

Anderson; back row: J. P. Murdock, C. J. Sharp, G. H. H<de, A. D. Madson,

H. O. Anderson (from Upolu), V. G. Woolley.

Conference was held this year in Faaala, Palauli, Savaii. This little

village consists chiefly of Saints who recently joined the Church, but is nevertheless, at the present time, the livest branch in the conference.

The people, still true to the typical Samoan custom of desiring to outdo their neighbor, tried to surpass all previous records. It was the opinion of

many that they succeeded in doing so. At any rate conference turned out to

be a veritable spiritual feast for those present. The house was well filled

at all sessions. The last meeting was turned over to the congregation to express their feelings. The Faaala Saints arose, one by one, and each bore

testimony to his belief in the gospel. Several, with tears rolling down their

cheeks, told of how they had first sent for the "Mormons"merely to spite their missionary whom they had had trouble with. Later becoming convinced in their hearts through the work of the elders they joined the

Church. They are now about to begin work on a new elders'home and

later on expect to put up a chapel. President Wright is highly elated over

existing conditions. He thanked the elders for their excellent work in the

past and exhorted them all to go forth, scatter tracts from house to house, in order that every man, woman, and child in Samoa may have a chance to hear the gospel.

Release of the Mission President

Sydney, Austrailia, November 27, 1917: "The release of President Don

C. Rushton and his wife, Elizabeth J. Rushton, from their three years'labors as the presiding head of the Australian mission, produced great regrets

456 IMPROVEMENT ERA

among the Saints, elders and friends who had become so warmly attached to them. The last evening before their departure was the scene of a farewell

social given in their honor by Saints and elders at Sonoma (Mission Headquarters), 43 Station Street, Newton. A fine musical program, games, refreshments, and social chats were indulged in, and the farewell addresses

given by President and Sister Rushton were full of love and encouragement to all present, impressing upon the Saints the necessity of living good lives in obedience to the gospel plan, that they might allmeet again as brothers and sisters in the next estate of our Father's kingdom. They have left footprints in the sands of Australia that will never be obliterated. Their association with elders and Saints has covered the inhabited portion of Australia, extending from Townsville, in the far north tropics of Queensland,

to the island of Tasmania, one of the most southerly inhabited islands of the world, and to Perth, the extreme western settlement of Australia, a total distance of near five thousand miles. The fruits of their work is shown in

six well organized conferences, many well established branches, and a body of well qualified elders to carry on their noble efforts in spreading the "Glad Tidings of Great Joy"to all the people in this far off corner of the

Lord's vineyard. May the Lord grant them success, happiness and prosperity in their continued efforts, is the desire of all acquaintances and colaborers. The elders and Saints welcome their successors, Elder Arnold D.

Miller and wife, Mary J. Miller, and extend to them our hearty support

and prayers for their success in presiding over the Australian Mission."—

/. Clifford Forsgren.

Elders left to right standing: Jesse J. McQueen, Preston; J. Clifford

Forsgren, Riverdale, Idaho (N. S. W. conference president); James P.

Clayton, Provo; Clarence H. Tingey, Salt Lake City; Arnold D. Miller, St.

Anthony, Idaho (Incoming Mission President); W. C. Hechmann, Salt Lake

City (Mission secretary); W. H. Dittmore, Pleasant Grove, Utah. Left to

right sitting: Wilford W. Stirrine, Union, Oregon; Elizabeth J. Rushton,

Salt Lake City; Arthur D. Taylor, Provo; Leland J. Hansen, Collinston;'

Don C. Rushton, Salt Lake City (Retiring Mission President); Mary J. Miller, St. Anthony, Idaho.

MUTUAL WORK

The Ethics of the Doctrine and Covenants.

For Advanced Senior Class, Joint Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

Lesson Sixteen—Loyalty

Loyalty is an ethical virtue that consists in the habit of having confidence in, of having respect for, of making sacrifice for, of remembering and defending the object of our loyalty.

While the objects of loyalty are many, we shall consider in these lessons but three aspects of the subject: loyalty to persons, loyalty to authority, and loyalty to covenant.

Loyalty to Persons.—Personal loyalty usually culminates in what is

called fast friendship, the type of friendship which Sir Francis Bacon tells us "redoubleth joys, and cutteth griefs in halves: for there is no man that

imparteth his joys to his friend, but he joyeth the more, and no man that imparteth his griefs to his friends, but he grieveth the less."

Without friendship, connubial happiness is at best incomplete; and

filial love fails in its destiny. One of the highest types of loyalty, of fortitude, is found in the character of Job. Peter emphasized the loyalty of

defense in his Master's behalf; and John the beloved the loyalty of "confidingness."Brigham Young's last words were, "Joseph, Joseph, Joseph."

Loyalty to persons does not exclude the privilege of counsel, advice, admonition and even remonstrance. Sec. 6:18; Sec. 25.

Men become friends of God through loyalty, as did Abraham and the ancient apostles. Sec. 84:6377.

Supplementary Reading

Abraham's friendship to Lot and to the Lord. Genesis, chaps. 13 and

22; II Chronicles 20:7.

David and Jonathan, I Sam. 18:1-13; chaps. 19 and 20.

Bacon's essay on Friendship.

Emerson's essay on Friendship.

is either human or divine. In society Loyalty to Authority.—Authority

public safety depends upon the placing of loyalty to authority above that of loyalty to persons.

In cases where the objects of loyalty are recognized as of divine origin, confidence becomes faith, respect becomes reverence, devotion becomes sacrifice, message sending becomes prayer, defense becomes spiritual heroism.

The impossibility of personal loyalty between Saul and David did not preclude loyalty to his divinely anointed kingship.

Recognition of authority as a source of redress. Sec. 101:76.

The present grave situation in the United States makes loyalty to authority a paramount issue. It becomes the duty of every man, woman and

child to be loyal to the President of the United States.

458 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The divinely revealed prayer, the dedicatory prayer of the Kirtland temple, recognizes and is loyal to civil authority. Sec. 109, especially

verse 55. Loyalty to civil executives, Sec. 134:3.

Loyalty to authority is definitely provided for in the article of faith which demands that we shall be subject to kings, rulers, and presidents, and that we shall honor, obey and sustain the law.

For an exposition of Church government and loyalty in the Church the student is cited to an address delivered by President Joseph F. Smith, in

Parowan, Sept. 13, 1917. It is the opening article in the November issue

of the Era, 1917, and contains a simple, lucid, authoritative exposition of the principles of government in the Church.

Problems: 1. Name five elements of loyalty.

2. Show that loyalty like all other ethical virtues must be based on

sincerity. 3. Discuss the necessity of "confidingness,"as an indispensable element

of friendship, and especially in the family circle.

4. Give an example of loyalty in respect for and sacrifice for.

5. What event in the life of Moses indicates that he exercised the

special privileges of loyalty? Exodus 32.

6. What is the function of advising and admonishing in personal

loyalty? 7. What instance in the life of Abraham shows that God confided in

him as one friend would confide in another, a father with a son, a president with a counselor?

8. How may a man become the personal friend of the Lord Jesus

Christ? See Compendium, Gems, p. 269, under question, What is the other

comforter? 9. Give an example of loyalty to authority being heroically kept above

personal loyalty.

10. Distinguish by example the difference between reverence and respect.

11. Name five provisions of Church government calculated to develop

loyalty to authority. Nov. Era, 1917.

12. Show that the safety of our nation and the freedom of the world

depends on the loyalty of the American citizen to legislative and executive authority.

Lesson Seventeen—Loyalty (Continued)

Loyalty to covenants is a reinforcement of all other forms of loyalty.

Its function is to furnish a bulwark against disloyalty, a refuge for fidelity, a support to cling to when other things have failed. When a preaccepted

penalty becomes a part of the covenant, the highest possible guarantee is given for loyalty. These principles hold good throughout the entire social

universe, and their application as a source of power has been made use of from the beginning.

Sincere covenantmaking is one of the loftiest forms of conduct, and wilful breaking of covenants is one of the basest forms of conduct, either in the individual or in the nation. In essence the breaking of the marriage

covenant has in it all the vicious characteristics of the violation of a national treaty.

Divinity makes covenants with humanity in two ways: directly, as in

the case of God's personal covenant with Noah, Abraham, Moses and Joseph

Smith; and indirectly, through the words of his agents or those holding the

priesthood or authority from God. The promise made in the blessing of

a child by one authorized of the Lord, under the inspiration of his Holy

MUTUAL WORK 59

Spirit, is a covenant to which God will be loyal if the conditions are lived up to.

So vital is loyalty to covenant in the estimation of Divinity, the Lord has said: "Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no

wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled"(Matt. 5:18). In this latter day,

through Joseph the Prophet, the Lord has declared, "though the heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall not pass away, but shall all be fulfilled"(Sec. 1:3738).

The student is reminded that the main body of the book of our text the "Doctrine and Covenants,"is under the heading Covenants and Commandments, and the very title of the book is "Doctrine and Covenants."

Covenants as a basis of special privileges (Sec. 28:12,13).

Everlasting privileges dependent upon everlasting covenants (Sec.

66:2).

The superseriousness of an official covenant, or the violation of an oath of office (Sec. 84:41).

Eternity of the family relations dependent upon eternity of covenant, and eternity of authority in making the covenants (Sec. 132:1221).

Exaltation dependent on covenant and covenantkeeping (Sec. 76:5070,

and especially verse 67).

The acceptance of an ordinance with its privilege is a silent covenant to keep and to honor the ordinance.

The sacrament is a review of our baptismal covenant and of Christ's covenant concerning his resurrection and redemption.

A covenant becomes a part of the covenanter, a deliberate part of him, not the impulsive part, and a violation of a covenant is therefore a betrayal of the highest qualities of the individual. An impulsive or thoughtless disregard of covenant may be recommended for mercy, but a wilful violation

of covenant must be met by the demands of stern justice.

Problems 1. Why is our text called the "Doctrine and Covenants"?

2. Wherein is a man made ethically stronger by covenant?

3. Why is an indirect covenant just as sacred as a direct one?

4. How may a contract on earth be made so as to carry over into

eternity? 5. On what ethical grounds is the covenant person entitled to greater

privilege than the noncovenant one?

6. What would happen if an officerelect should refuse to take the oath

of office? 7. How would the testimony of a witness be affected by a refusal to

covenant that he would tell the truth?

8. Why is it worse for an officer to break the law than for a civilian

to do so? 9. Why are all falsehoods told on the witness stand double lies?

10. Wherein is covenantbreaking selfbetrayal?

11. Why are covenantkeepers as a rule socially optimistic?

12. How is loyalty to covenant affected by a frequent review of it, or

a symbolic renewal of it?

13. Wherein does the ethics of the "Doctrine and Covenants"hold out

the highest hope of reward and the greatest fear of punishment as incentives for loyalty to covenants?

Lesson Eighteen—Ethics of Finance

Part I—Fundamental Principles

a. There is universal sufficiency (Sec. 124:17).

460 IMPROVEMENT ERA

b. Needs or righteous wants the basis of equitable distribution (Sees.

51:3; 82:17; 42:33).

c. The laborer is worthy of his hire (Sec. 31:5).

d. Common consent should be the controlling element in fixing compensation (Sec. 124:121).

e. Honesty and ability the basis of fundamental responsibility (Sec.

104:7080).

Part II—Provisions for Various Conditions

a. Miserly wealth (Sees. 56:16; 104:18).

b. Parasitic poverty (Sec. 56:17).

. c. Humility safe from humiliation (Sec. 84:112).

d. Economic necessity (Sec. 48:4).

e. Over production (Sec. 51:13; 42:55).

f. The tendency towards landlordism (Sec. 48:2).

g. Worthy institutional dependency (Sec. 78:3).

h. Credit and exchange (Sec. 42:54).

i. Necessity for accounting (Sees. 69:5; 104:12).

Problems: 1. Prove from the Doctrine and Covenants the truth of the statement:

If distribution were as equitable as production is plentiful, no one need suffer for the necessities of life.

2. Why are needs limited to righteous wants?

3. Show that the laborer is worthy of his hire, while the employe may

not be worthy.

4. Show that society is struggling towards the democracy of wage fixing.

5. Prove the accuracy of the statement: Miserly wealth dooms its

possessor to friendlessness, Godlessness, and heavenlessness.

6. Discriminate between the poor of the Church and the poor in the

Church. 7. What is meant by the word "broken"in Sec. 56:17 and the word

"humbling"in Sec. 84:112.

8. Wherein does the Doctrine and Covenants provide for conservation

and increased productiveness for special purposes?

9. Wherein is "landlordism"a bone of worldwide contention, today?

What safeguard against this evil does the Doctrine and Covenants provide?

10. Describe the Church policy of land ownership, in the settlement of

Utah, under the direction of Brigham Young.

11. Wherein is institution charity superior to personal charity? (a)

in its effect on the giver? (b)in its effect on the receiver?

12. Wherein is our fast offering system doubly economic?

13. Discuss the problem: The repudiation of an honest debt is one

of the worst forms of debt.

14. What is the command of the Lord Jesus Christ to modern Israel,

concerning debtpaying?

15. Through what special committee of expert accountants does the

Trusteein-Trust render an account of his stewardship to the Church?

Snowflake in the Front

T. W. Tanner, Snowflake, Arizona, writes that Snowflake ward received

the stake pennant for 19161917 and that the same ward has received the red, white and blue every month so far for 191718. The efficiency report for

MUTUAL WORK 461

December shows the whole stake well up in the various activities of the

M. I. A. work.

Wasatch Stake Efficiency Report

Owing to the Efficiency Report of the Wasatch stake being written on a letter head with other items instead of on a report blank, the letter was filed by mistake without being handed to the editor. We, therefore, give

the following standing of the Wasatch stake for the month of December, 1917, which should have been printed in the February number: Membership, 10; attendance, 10; special activities, 10; scout work, 5; social work,

10; Era, 5; fund, 5; vocations and industries, 5; stake board meetings, 10;

ward officers'meetings, 10.

Corn and Bean Contests

The following suggestions come from Alvin Allen, Hyrum, Utah:

"I am interested in the growing of corn and beans and naturally take great interest in the yields of the prizewinners. I feel it would be a good

thing to have some of these winners write short sketches of how they did it.

Other growers would undoubtedly like to know. This might include the

kind of soil, the distance apart of plants or hills, the mode of cultivation, varieties of corn and beans, cost of labor, etc."

We think that these suggestions are good, and invite the winners in the corn and bean contest of last year to write short notes containing information on the points spoken of by Mr. Allen. Who will be the first to give

the Era a short statement of the work which he accomplished and how he did it?

Death of Morris Gottfredson

This sad message comes from Supt. John R. Nielson, Jr., South Sanpete

stake, dated Manti, January 23, 1918. Morris was the winner in the Y. M.

M. I. A. corn and bean contest for 1917, as reported in the February Era:

Dear Brethren—We were delighted to learn that Morris Gottfredson of our stake received the first prize on corn. The family are

very pleased. Sunday evening a member of the stake board phoned

the news to their home, but Morris was so ill that he scarcely realized what it meant. He lapsed into unconsciousness Monday, and after

very much suffering died Monday night, January 21.

The mother is a widow, and Morris was a large part of her support. The prize money will be very welcome to help pay the funeral

expenses of the boy who won it. It is a sad thing to face.

Mutual work is doing very nicely in this stake.

Your brother, Jno. R. Nielson, Jr., Supt.

The General Board, at the meeting on February 5, passed a resolution of sympathy for the bereaved mother and family.

Thrift Stamps and Savings Certificates

The following joint circular has been sent to stake superintendents and presidents with request that they be sent to the proper officers in every association in their stakes:

Some time ago the General Boards of the M. I. A. endorsed the Thrift

Stamp Campaign. We are anxious to know how many of your members

have purchased Thrift Stamps or War Savings Certificates. We suggest that

you ask the different wards of your stake to place in some conspicuous place before the association, on a large placard, the number enrolled and the number who have purchased Thrift Stamps or War Savings Certificates.

This will stimulate interest until these numbers become equal.

To facilitate the sale of the Savings Stamps and Certificates, it is suggested that you ask your ward presidents to have stamps for sale at the association meetings. These stamps may be obtained at any postoffice or

bonk. Arrangements may be made to return the unsold stamps at the close

of each session.

We will ask you to kindly report your standing at the end of February and alrfo at the end of March. Inclosed you will find the report blanks.

Please forward these with the necessary information at the end of February and March. Stamps purchased at any time may be included in the report.

By order of the General Boards Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

Moroni Snow, Clarissa Beesley, General Secretaries.

M. I. A. Activities

Scoring in M. I. A. Activities closes on March 26.

Public Speaking Contest.—It is hoped that large numbers of our Mutual

Improvement members will participate in the Public Speaking contest this year. Tryouts should be held in wards, stake districts, stakes, and Church

districts The final contest will be held at the June conference. Committees having this work in charge will please send to the general office, not

later than May 25, the names of winners in the Church district tryouts and also copies of addresses.

Scoring Reports.—Stake Joint Activities Committees are asked to send

to General Secretary Moroni Snow, the following reports on activities:

1. A compilation of the reports received each month from the wards:

a. Points scored by the associations.

b. Points scored by individuals-—Y. M. M. I. A.

c. Points scored by individuals—Y. L. M. I. A.

2. The number of wards in the stake having earned the three colors

permanently; that is, three months during the season, one of which is the

closing month.

This report should be sent by May 1.

Milwaukee on the M. I. A. Map

Walter H. Loobs, secretary Y. M. M. I. A., Milwaukee branch, Milwaukee, Wis., writes, February 9: "The Young Men's and Young Ladies'Muual Improvement Associations of the Milwaukee branch are very active this

season. There are at present sixtytwo member.* enrolled. The memberMUTUAL WORK 463

ship is divided into two classes, one of young ladies and one of young men.

The young ladies'class is studying the lessons assigned in the Young Woman's Journal, and the young men are studying the Improvement Era lessons for the Advanced Senior class. Almost every member has been kept busy

with special activity work. About twelve hundred points have already

been made. About fifteen minutes of every meeting, before going to class,

is given to this work. One entire meeting was devoted to this division of

the Mutual work, when a mock trial, a debate, and a musical program occupied the entire evening. This organization has given the members of the

branch a number of amusements. After the Mutual meeting, a few games

are played until about ten o'clock. The mock trial, and an evening partyfurnished much amusement. The officers of this association are now planning a sleigh ride party, and an entertainment in which "Won by Wireless"

will be played. A dance will be given at the close of Mutual.

The Saving of Souls

Supt. Ernest P. Horsley and the Stake Superintendency of the Box Elder stake Y. M. M. I. A., have sent out in circular No. 11, for the month beginning January 1, the following instructions to officers under the above

title: "The most enjoyable labor ever performed by any man, woman or child, was the labor of directing someone into the path of truth and right.

"You are asked to call on the ward clerk and make a list of all the boys in your ward between the ages of 15 and 19. Check all those who are enrolled in your M. I. A., and then make a list of all who do not belong to

the Y. M. M. I. A. You should have this list ready to present to a Mutual

Improvement Association misionary, who will be sent into your ward to labor for one week, commencing Monday, January 14, 1918. Every boy between the ages of 15 and 19 who is not enrolled will be visited by the missionary, and will be asked to give his reasons why he is not a member, and

further what he can suggest to make the M. I. A. suitable, alive, and modern,

and an organization that will please and improve the boys.

"We will send you a Board member to call on brethren who are enrolled but indifferent. The Board member will not be with you a whole week but

will work until he has visited the brethren and had a good talk with them."

This is certainly an effective way of interesting young men in our work, and is in line with the suggestions made by the General Committee, in the

Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook, for 1917, in which it is particularly requested

that a missionary system be established in each stake with a view to winning and holding the 1519 year old boy. The plan adopted in the Box Elder

stake is commendable and worthy of careful consideration by other stake superintendents.

Efficiency Reports

Stake superintendents and ward officers will please glance at their stake record in the efficiency report for January. If your stake is not represented, determine it shall be for February. Let us all make a supreme effort, in this matter, so that every stake shall be represented in the report for

February to be printed in the April Era. Your report should be in the

hands of the Era by March 10. If you have no report in figures, please

say so in words.

miniiiPASSINGiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiju,. EVENTSiUii.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiii

General Lnigi Cadorna, who was responsible for the Isonzo debacle, has been removed as a member of the InterAllied Supreme War Council, according to a telegram from Rome, February 10. General Gaetrano Giardino, former minister of war, has been appointed to succeed him.

B. Henry Lessmann, an Ogden minister, who gained admittance to the

Fort Douglas prison camp, by virtue of his ecclesiastical calling, and after the prison authorities had been given the strongest recommendation of his trustworthiness, was arrested on February 11, in the act of smuggling a letter to an enemy alien interned in the civilian section of the third War

Prison Camp at Fort Douglas. Miss Augusta Minnie Deckman was arrested

as an accomplice. Lessmann was later released on a $2000 bond.

President Heber J. Grant received a telegram from Secretary W. G.

McAdoo, appointing him a member of the Liberty Loan General Executive

Committee for the Twelfth Federal Reserve District, on January 31, 1918.

This appointment followed his selection, shortly before that time, as chairman of the Liberty Loan Sales Committee for Utah. He is to serve without

compensation, under the chairmanship of the Hon. Joseph K. Lynch, Governor of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.

Sir Cecil Arthur SpringRice, former British Ambassador to the United

States, died at Ottawa, Canada, one o'clock, February 14, 1918, of heart failure. He passed peacefully away in his sleep. Sir Cecil became British

Ambassador in Washington, May 6, 1913, succeeding Ambassador James

Bryce. He spent many years in the British diplomatic service, having come

to Washington first as third assistant secretary of the embassy.

Lieut. Dudley A. Loomis, pilot, 22 years old, a native of Moscow,

Idaho, and a student of the Idaho State University, was burned to death,

February 7, on the post field at Fort Sill, School of Aerial Observers, when his machine made a nose dive from a height of five hundred feet and burst into flames. His body was burned beyond recognition. He attended

the training camp at Presidio, California, and was there commissioned to the Aviator School at Fort Sill.

Herbert S. Auerbach, a member of one of the well known merchant

firms of Salt Lake City, has been appointed Major in the ordnance department of the United States Army. He was a member of the board of

regents of the University of Utah, and vicepresident of the Utah Better

Roads Association. He resigned from the Board of Regents, owing to

his appointment to the national service. Major Auerbach is the son of

Samuel H. Auerbach, founder of the great mercantile establishment bearing the name, and who is now in retirement at the age of seventyone.

Abdul-Hamid, for thirtythree years the tyrant Sultan of the Ottoman

Empire, died February 10, 1918. He was born September 22, 1848, and

became sovereign of Turkey when his elder brother, Murad V, was deposed because of mental incapacity, in 1876. In the Revolution of 1909,

he was driven from the Imperial Palace on the shores of the Bosphorus,

PASSING EVENTS 465

made a prisoner, and confined in the Villa Latini, a former residence of a

Greek merchant in Saloniki, the city where the Young Turk movement had its birth, a party bent upon constitutional government. He had been

a prisoner since that time, and died in prison.

Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have been accorded recognition as ministers of the gospel, by the High Court of

England, according to a correspondent writing to the Deseret News, under date of January 15. The decision was rendered in the case of the North

London Branch President, William Thomas Fawkes, of Ashford, Middlesex County. The question was whether he is a regular minister in the

denomination known as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, with reference to his position in the matter of military service. It was settled that the Church was a religious denomination, and that Mr. Fawkes was

an accredited minister therein, hence exempt.

A prophecy come true.—The International News Service prints the following telegram from London, dated February 8: "For three hundred years

the inhabitants of Jerusalem have cherished a prophecy and a hope that their city would be taken by a friendly and benign power; that it would

fall without bloodshed; that the conqueror would enter it on foot, and

that his name would signify "Allah"and his prophet. That prophecy has

been fulfilled. General Allenby entered the Joppa gate on foot. There

was no bloodshed, and he entered as a friend. Then his name is significant,

'Alle'is obviously 'Allah'; 'nby'in the Arabic stands for something very

nearly equivalent to prophet or seer."The reader is referred to the portrait of Allenby entering the Joppa gate of Jerusalem, published in this

number of the Era.

The Russian Church and State were absolutely separated as far as it could be done by them, on February 5, by an edict issued by the saviet and signed by Nikolai Lenine and other members of the defacto government of Russia. The edict eliminates church incomes from the state and

confiscates all church realty, furnishings and iJaraphernalia. Religious freedom is guaranteed, so long as religious societies do not interfere with

social order, limit the rights of individuals, or hinder the republic. No

religious scruples are to exempt persons from their duties as citizens. Marriage ceremonies and birth registrations are to be performed by the civil

authorities. Religious teaching is abolished in the state schools and in private schools with a similar curriculum. No state assistance will be given

to any church, society, or religious agent.

Charles W. Carter, pioneer photographer of Salt Lake City, born London, England, August 4, 1832, died at the home of his daughter, Mrs.

George Smith, of Midvale, Utah, on Sunday, January 27, 1918. To him is

due the preservation of many scenes in early Utah and on the plains, and also pictures of Indians. These photographs have been of great service to

historians, and have often helped to settle questions in land litigations. He

had several studios in Salt Lake at different times, and at one time had a stand outside the temple wall, on the southeast corner of the temple grounds, where he sold his pictures. He was early in life an English

school master, and also a sergeant in the British army, and saw the 165th regiment leave England before it participated in the battle of Balaklava.

He came to Salt Lake City in 1859.

President Woodrow W ilson delivered a message before Congress in joint session, on February 11, again setting forth the principles upon which

America demands that the peace of the world shall be rebuilded. The

speech was delivered in answer to the speech of Count von Hertling, the 468 IMPROVEMENT ERA

German Chancellor, delivered January 24, rnd also to that of Count Czernin of Austria, delivered the same day. The German and Austrian speeches

were delivered in answer to President Wilson's speech of January 8, which has heretofore appeared in the Era. The President, in the remarkable

Feb. 11 address, reiterates that final peace must be based upon justice,

and that provinces are not to be bartered about as pawns in a game. A

good example of bartering provinces is found in the recent treaty of the new republic of Ukrain with Germany. Parts of Poland were made the

pawns.

Ships sunk by submarines, in 1917, was nearly three times as great as the total of production in tonnage in the United States and Great Britain, during that year. Great Britain produced only 1,163,474 tons of shipping

last year, whereas the output in the United States was 901,233 tons, making a combined total tonnage of 2,064,77. While sinkings by sumbarines

last year generally are reckoned at six million tons. For 1918, this shortage is not expected. The output of ship tonnage in the United States for

1918 is estimated at two million five hundred thousand tons to four million tons. The shipping board officials are confident that at least three million, five hundred thousand tons will be completed by the Allies in 1918.

Britain has no definite estimate, but it is expected that that country will materially increase its 1917 figures. Japan also is expected to increase its

output very materially.

Tuscania, a Cunard Liner transport, bearing two thousand one hundred seventynine officers and men of an American National Guard division, was torpedoed and sunk by a German submarine on February 5, in the

North Atlantic near the Scottish coast. Up to Tuesday evening, February

12, a week after the disaster, one hundred seventyone victims of the illfated Tuscania had been laid to rest at different points on the Scottish coast. Considerable anxiety was; felt in Utah over the disaster, as a number of Utah men were on board. So far as is known up to this writing

none of the Utah men were drowned. Among the Utah boys rescued are

Lieut. Renwick S. McNiece, William Cb>e, Jr., Raymond D. Smith, Edwin

J. Allen, Jr., of Salt Lake City. This is the first vessel carrying over

troops to be sunk, though the Antilles was sunk October 17, 1917, on her return trip with the loss of 67 men.

A peace treaty between the new Ukrainian Republic of the Southern part of Russia, and the Central Powers, or the AustroGerman power, was signed at BrestLitovsk on February 11. The new republic is fully recognized by the quadruple alliance and the contracting parties agreed to live

in peace and amity for all time. Following the treaty the Russians declared the war ended, and ordered a demobilization of the army. It provides that direct intercourse is to be resumed and that reciprocal relations

are to be established at once on all fronts. The treaty apparently included

a secret giving away of Polish provinces to the Ukrain and there was great dissatisfaction, strikes, and wrath, over the action of the Central Powers, in Warsaw and other Polish districts on Feb. 17, and on the 19th the Gerans took up arms again against Russia, and to aid the Ukrainians against

tli3 Bolsheviki, who captured Kiev on the 18th.

Alonzo P. Kessler, former assistant postmaster of Salt Lake, a sonin-law

of President Joseph F. Smith, and prominent for years in public activity,

died in Salt Lake City, February 4, 1913, from injuries received in falling from a scaffold. Alonzo Pratt Kessler was born in Salt Lake City, January

20, 1868, and was the son of the late Bishop Frederick Kessler and Mrs. Jane

Elizabeth Pratt Kessler, prominent and esteemed pioneers of Utah. In assoPASSING EVENTS 467

ciation with President Nephi L. Morris of the Salt Lake Stake he filled a

mission to Britain, in 1894, returning to Utah in the spring of 1896. The

following year he was called to preside over the Eastern States Mission, holding that position for two years. He married Donette Smith, daughter

of President Joseph F. and Mrs. Julina L. Smith. His wife and five children

survive him, also six brothers and three sisters. He had recently built a

beautiful home in Salt Lake City, in which a few days before his death,

Tuesday, January 29, the family celebrated his fiftieth anniversary. He

had many friends, and was widely known and esteemed.

Winning the War through Business.—Recently it was announced that

five hundred thousand American business men, through their commercial organizations, are preparing to notify the business men of Germany that they will not reestablish trade relations with Germany unless a government in that country responsible to the people is given power. This proposed

action of the business men is based upon the logic that only through industrial intercourse with the United States can the military party of Germany get the sinews with which to precipitate a second great world war. This

blow directed by American business at German business will supplement the steps already taken to bring home to the different classes in Germany the purposes and will of America to establish conditions which will eliminate, as far as possible, factors which will disturb again the peace of the world. Is it not possible that this action, if carried into effect, would have

greater power than even military force or starvation, to bring the German autocracy to terms, and to bring peace to the world?

Lieutenant Robert E. Lee, U. S. A., grandson of General Robert E.

Lee, the commanderin-chief of the armies of the Confederate States during the Civil War, is fighting for the United States. Lieut. Lee has

the mark as a military leader set by his famous grandfather as the goal of his efforts, ough he will be doing his utmost for that Union which his grandsire strove to destroy. Gen. Lee's fame as a soldier is secure, for he is rated by

military experts as one of the greatest commanders the world has known. If Lieut. Lee inherits his military skill there will be

no question about his chances of being rated a military genius.

Major William Fitzhugh Lee Simpson, a grandnephew of General

Robert E. Lee, recently died

while on duty in France, according to a confirmed report received here. Major Simpson was in

charge of the American school of machine gun fire in France. No

particulars of his death except that it was due to appendicitis, have been received. The Leesare

in the fight.

Underwood & Underwood, Xew York

Bolo Pasha was sentenced at Paris, February 14, to be shot dead as a 470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

traitor. He had been shown to be one of the most coldblooded, daring

and calculating schemers for wealth at the expense of his bleeding fatherland ever recorded in the annals of treason. He carried on a German propaganda in France. Boloism has come to mean a system by which Germany

strove to break down the French morale, and instil a desire for peace by spreading the idea that Germany could not be beaten, and that it would be well to make the best terms possible as soon as they could be arranged.

Bolo himself was said to have had the use of a fund of more than one million, five hundred thousand dollars, to be used in attempting to corrupt the French press, French statesmen and leaders, and to influence French opinions by subsidizing newspapers in France or founding new publications to disseminate the spirit of pacifism. His activities were especially

interesting to Americans because it was charged that of the large funds at his disposal, a million, six hundred eightythree thousand dollars were transferred from a Berlin tank to France, by way of New York. It was as

a result of the discovery of his manipulations of this fund, through five New

York banking houses, that the New York state attorney general was able to obtain information which, forwarded to France through the French Ambassador at Washington, brought about Bolo's arrest in Paris.

Some Shells.—That expresses it better than any descriptive phrase could

for this British official photo. It is some pile of shells. This is but a slight

Copyright, Underwood & Underwood, New York part of the huge quantity of munitions that is piled up behind the lines to be used daily in teaching the Teuton that his place is beyond the Rhine. Try

to count them if you can, and then multiply this pile by any number, but be sure that it is so large that it approaches the infinite. Then you still will

be far short of the actual number of shells used by the Allies on the

Western front.

. a

General Efficiency Report of Y. M. M. I. A. for January, 1918

s. < T3 3-S.2-o t MonthlyStake Ward Officers'Meeting u m C 'o 3 "8s 8 STAKES V a i-

and in i I 1 0

5 10 10 5 10 5 "5* 10 10 5 5 5 5 10 10 5 5 10 5 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 6 5 10 10

5 5 10 5 5 10

Box Elder 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 10

10 10 o 10 5 5 10 10

5 5 10 5 10 10 5 10 6

5 5 10 10 10 5 5 10 10 10

5 10 10 10 5 10 5 10 10 10 5 5 10 10 5 5 10 5 5 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 5 10 5 5 f> 5 10

10 10 10 5 10 10 10 5 10 10 5 5 10 10 5 5 5 * 10 10

10 10 10 5 10 10 10 10

Nehi?

5 10 10 5 5 5 10 10 5 5 10 5 10 10 5 10 10 5 5 10 5 10 10 10 5

5 5 10 5 5 5 10 5 5 10 10 10 5 5 5 10 5

5 5 10 5 5 5 10 5

3 5 10 10 10 5 10 10 10

10 5 10 10 5 5 10 10 5 10 10 10 5 5 5 10 5

5 5 5 10 5 Tt lor 10 a 10 5 5 5 10 Tintic 5 10 10 10 10 10 5 10 10

10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 ) 10 10 10 10 5 10 10

10 10 10 5 10 5 5 10 10

5 10 5 5 5 10 5 10 5 5 5 10 5 5 10 10 10

California Mission.. 10 10 10 5 5 5 5

A stake report must be sent to the Secretary of the General Board, 21 Bishop's

Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, by the 10th of each month, to be published monthly in the Era. When the report shows that the requirements in General Efficiency have been

reached, it is indicated by placing 10 in the proper space; if half, place 5. When stakes

are below half General Efficiency requirements, it is indicated by a blant (See Y. M.

M. I. A. Hand Book, pp. 17, 18, for regulations.)

Helping Him to Choose Wisely A few years ago a young man gradumachinery. Accordingly the boy was

ated from the law school of a noted uniurged to purchase a farm and to study versity. He had a host of friends, he had scientific agriculture.

inherited a modest fortune and everyToday that young man is one of the body predicted a brilliant career. But most successful farmers and stockmen in

he didn't succeed. Why? Simply because America. And his success is due to

he disliked office work and had no taste proper "vocational guidance,"or the sefor the law and therefore he never even lection of the work for which he was attempted to begin practice. best adapted.

Having nothing definite to do, he beStatistics show that 763 out of every came discouraged and finally started on 1000 persons in gainful occupations feel the downward path of dissipation. Forthat they are in the wrong vocations. In

tunately, however, a wise friend, who unother words, they are "square pegs in derstood the principles of "vocational round holes"and therefore the chances guidance"took hold of the young man. for their success are very slim. And the

He found that the boy loved outdoor life sad part of it all is that such failures are and that he was interested in horses and unnecessary.

of Tomorrow""The Man a wonderful new book on "Vocational Guidance"By Claude Richards a successful business man, will help every young man and woman in the selection of their life work, It is suited for young and old, and should be read by every parent.

"Vocational Guidance,"as outlined in Claude Richards'book, is insurance against failure and a short cut to success.

The book is substantially bound in red vellum; it is printed on good paper, is

profusely illustrated and has 296 pages. The price is extremely low—ONLY $1, postpaid $1.10.

This book should be in every home. Mail your order today to the

Improvement Era Office 2023 Bishop's Building, - Salt Lake City, Utah

The U. S. S. Pennsylvania, Uncle Sam's premier dreaduntil the recent launching of the Mississippi.

naughtw Where Only the Most Perfect Type of Men and Materials are Accepted BAKING POWDER was picked for Army and Navy bakings, because it measured up fully to the Government's requirements—the highest known mark of Baking

Powder merit—because it is a Baking!?.. e Powder so perfectly made it produces

pure, wholesome bakings that aid in keeping Uncle Sam's fighting force in the best of physical condition. This stamp of Government

approval leaves no question as to the superior quality of Calumet—and

should prompt you to purchase a can today.

MAKE A WAR GARDEN Get our New Catalog and Guide Book, which will tell you what when and lion to plant. It contains 96 pages, fully illustrated, and will he of greatest

help to every buyer of Seeds, Plants, Shrubs, Roses, Trees and Poultry Supplies.

The most instructive book on Gardening and Farming ever published for

FREE distribution in the Rocky Mountain States.

"Do your bit"for the Food Supply. Write now for your copy.

P-W's Mountain Grown Seeds and Trees are more vigorous.

PORTER WALTON CO.

SEED AND NURSEY SPECIALISTS FOR WESTERN U. S. A.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Improvement Era, March, 1918

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, ( Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Portrait of Hyrum Mack Smith Frontispiece

Hyrum Mack Smith 377 In Memoriam Heber J. Grant, Orson F.

Whitney, James E. Talmage,

Frank Y. Taylor, Charles W.

Nibley, Richard R. Lyman,

. Penrose, Anthon Charles W

H. Lund 379

Lowering a Big British Hydroaeroplane 396

The Makers of Science—VI Dr. F. S. Harris 397

The Saint's Tragedy. A Story Alfred Lamhourne 399

Coming Spring. A Poem Max Eastman 403

God's Foreknowledge Not a Determining Cause.... Dr. James E. Talmage 404

The Grace of Power to Give. A Poem George H. Brimhall 406

Problems of the Age Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 407

Riches vs. Riches Orson M. Sanderson 418

A Victory for Peace Will Dobson 420

London Conference Renuion 425 Outlines for Scout Workers—Illustrated Delbert W. Parratt, B. S. 426

Jerusalem Delivered. Illustration 431

Should Latterday Saints Drink CocaCola? Dr. Frederick J, Pack 432

Four Generations. Portrait 436

They Kissed Again with Tears. A Story Henry Nicol Adamson 437

Invocation to Harmony. Male Chorus Evan Stephens 444

Peace Terms Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 446

Editors'Table—Only Life Worth While Prest. Joseph F. Smith 448

Prest. Charles W. Penrose—Congratulations 449

In Honor of Hyrum M. Smith 451

The Story Contest 452 Messages from the Missions 452

Mutual Work 458 Passing Events 464 Test for the A Book You Read

"Does the book contain enough truth, beauty, or active good to make it worth my while."

Sympathy Is Grateful When you're sorrowing. But it doesn't

pay bills. An insurance policy is full

of the right sort of sympathy when your property is destroyed. And no

neglect to secure protection Sunday School one should against such a contingency. We give

at minUnion Book Store you the maximum of insurance imum of cost. Let.usquote you rates. The Home of Good Books

44 East on South Temple Home Fire Insurance Go. of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street

"Keep Money at Home.'*

1 Telephone, Wasmuh ssi ASK YOUR DEALER FOR Jos. Wm. Taylor

I. Utah's Leading Undertaker Z. C. M. and Licensed Embalmer

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Western Show Rooms and Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT Scout Shoes 21, 23 and 25 South Wast Tamp]* Straet

The Ideal outdoor SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

SHOE for Men Youths and Boys.

Cheap, but serviceJoseph Smith as able. Scientist

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Ask for I. Z.CM

"Everwear"One of the best scientific expositions of the teachings of the Prophet Joseph or "The Leader"Smith yet published.

Cloth Binding 75c Overalls 'SendPaperOrdersBindingto MORONI SNOW,25c

They don't rip General Secretary, 2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

U/HPM U/RTT1KH2 TCt ADVPKTT CBP C PIP ASP MPNT1CIN TUP TMPPDVFURfJT ERA

Food, and Still More Food Have you done your bit?

Plant a Garden and he a Food Producer.

Start right with Idliable Seeds from BAILEY & SONS CO.

SEEDSMEN Salt Lake

M, I, A. Books Approved for Reading Course 1 91 7-1

The Three Things, liy Mary Raymond Chipman Andrews, 50c; postpaid, 55c.

Snowbound* by John Greenleaf Whittier, 26c; postpaid, 30c.

Coniston, by Winston* Churchill, 60c; postpaid, 70c.

Laddie, by Gene hi, 60c; postpaid, 70c.

How to Get Ahead, by Alli.it W. Atwood, $1.25; postpaid, $1.35.

Men "Who Made Good, l>y John T. Farris, C0c; postpaid, 71

Life of Florence Nightingale, by Laura B. Richards, $1.35; postpaid, $1.45.

Life of Thomas Edison, by FranCis Wli postpaid, 60c.

NET PRICE OF COMPLETE SET, $5.6 -ROSTRA l, $.:{.%

On all orders for one or more complete sets, cash With order, we will make a special price of $5.65 postage free.

DESERET NEWS BOOK STORE THE LEADING ROOK CONCERN 6 MAIN ST, SALT LAKE CITY

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time yoi are protecting your family.

WE.WANT GOOD AGENT S IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joph F. Smith. President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePre*. & Mgr.

Farm 50 mpanv STORES |NPLBIffllj| DIRECTORS IN JOSEPH P. SMITH GEO. T. ODELL VEHICLES W. 8. McOORNICK G. G WRIGHT UTAH THOMAS R CUTLER JAMES. H. MOYLE AND WILLIAM SPRY C. S. BURTON

HEBER SCOWCROFT JA8. L. WRATHALL #W. W ARMSTRONG MALCOLM A. KEY8ER IDAHO

R. P. MORRIS GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA