These happy, serious students, above enter the unique Family Living Center.

At right, they cross beautiful new, modern BYU campus. In background

are four new buildings—Family Living

Center, Business Building, Administration Building, and Library.

Yes, these students headed for classes on the of a big university, yet all the attention and busy BYU campus also are headed for leaderfriendliness of a small college.

ship in the world. Here are some reasons why:

HIGH ACADEMIC STANDARDS - The doors of

BALANCED EDUCATION - At BYU, a Church BYU are open to all who can meet its academic institution, students receive education of the standards. These standards are high, but they

mind, body, and spirit together in an ideal pay dividends in the long run, for BYU gradusocial climate. Church leaders speak every ates are in demand over the nation.

week in devotional assembly, every student OUTSTANDING FACULTY - The BYU faculty takes a class in religion, and a complete stake has been trained in a hundred universities of 28 wards is active on campus. and colleges. The adequate staff means a

proper studentteacher ratio for more perFRIENDLY DEMOCRATIC SPIRIT - Student acsonal attention.

tivities at BYU are tremendously successful because students are friendly, club and church FINEST FACILITIES - The beautiful new buildactivities are open to all, counseling is availings at BYU provide finest living accommodaable, and students reside in pleasant group tions, classrooms, and further expansion is accommodations. BYU has all the advantages under way.

CLIP AND MAIL -Remember These Dates TO: Public Relations Department Freshman Orientation Sept. 1215

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Registration Sept. 1618-19

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

NAME

ADDRESS CITY STATE UNIVERSITY PROVOUTAH

cLTIive... J iT

fO.Tii\r IT

For goodness sake, BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. SALTINEIT

Hallucinations with Purity * A beginning study has been madeby a group of Princeton psychologists Supreme Saltine of the generation of hallucinations when people are kept isolated insoundproof, completely dark rooms Crackers for two or three days. The tests

found that 10 of 55 people tested had ":'1%W

conhallucinations. Absolutevisual WiSimmmm-. 3T"to,::,,v.V - darkness did not seemtinuous

produce results, but using pingpong dif- -SjpSballs over the eyes to produce a ''*m ti;M:.;imiwmmM illumination, gavefuse, homogeneous

hallucinaof ten subjects outtwo &;&..?&&:KvV/ patterns m m visualtions of complicated f. mlasting a few seconds. Other tests:<fji

produced hallucinations of flashing, flickering, and dim, glowing lights. vt iSS"visM

Eenie Meenie Minie Mo

The "eenie meenie minie mo"used in counting out in children's games goes back to the numerals used by the ancient Welsh tribes. Thin and crisp Purity Supreme Saltine Crackers do

wonderful, flavorright things for all the other good

Piezoelectricity foods you serve. They're doublewax wrapped to

stay fresher, longer, too. Get the sparkling package

Piezoelectricity is an effect in which certain crystals when strained with the red Supreme diamond trademark, and, for or distorted develop an electrical

... potential. A new ignition system goodness sake, whatever you serve, saltine it

squeezes a tiny crystal to develop 20,000 volts which is connected with Purity Supreme Saltines.

across the spark plug. Used for

small gasoline engines the new sysSUPREME BAKERS points, magneto,tem eliminates coils, and condensers of ordinary DENVER AND systems. The piezoelectric effect SALT LAKE CITY SUPREME will probably also be used soon for

speedometers.

SEPTEMBER 1961 613 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

>;::;?::;::?M. OfficialQuorums,organMutualof theImprovementPriesthood

Education, Committee, Department of wmmmMmm, Associations, Ward Teachers, Music other agencies of the |pi and Christ Jesus of of Church

Latterday Saints.mmmmmmm mmim. m:mmm:my\:::

Contents for September 1961 Volume 64Number 9

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Great Cause of MIA, President David O. McKay.... 626

President David O. McKay's Eightyeighth Birthday 627

Your Question: What was the Nature of Paul's Sin at the Stoning of Stephen?

President Joseph Fielding Smith. 628

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.; An Appreciation on His Ninetieth Birthday,

Harold B. Lee 630

The Church Moves On, 622; Melchizedek Priesthood, "Go to the House of Prayer,"678;

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 680.

Special Features

PHOTO AND ART CREDITS The Gentle Reflections of Karen Louise, Luacine Clark Fox 634

To Give Our Children Roots and Wings, LaRne C. Longden 635 Photos

MIA in the Missions, John G. Kinnear 640 ErnstJ. MalanWittke,Heslop,624,634678

Continuing Education and Eternal Progression, Richard H. Henstrom 642 Max Tharpe, 637

Sharing the Gospel in MIA, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 644 VirginiaChurch InformationSargent, 644,Service,645 650

G. Carlos Smith Leaves YMMIA Post to Head Mission 646 Deseret News, 680, 681

Verl F. Scott Called to YMMIA Superintendency 647 Art

YWMIA Calling All Girls 648 Era Staff, 638, 639, 649, 682

Modern Helps and Governments, George L. Scott. 650

THE ERA OF YOUTH Between pages 652 and 653

George Montgomery Goes to Mutual, E. beth Stanford 654

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 656, 658, 660

(Editor's Note: Censoring the Joseph Smith Story, Part III, by Hugh Nibley

will be continued in October.)

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris Jr., 613; Letters and Reports, 618; These Times:

The Campus and Religion, G. Homer Durham, 624; Our Tree of Seasons, Evelyn Witter, 677.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

"Come Join Us at Fireside"682

Six Fortyfive and the Children Are Not Fed Yet 616

The Last Word 692

Stories, Poetry Lonesome House, Evelyn K. Leonardson 638 THE COVER:

Poetry 633, 652, 657, 659, 670, 672, 684, 688 To the "threescore-andten"lifespan promised to man, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has

now received an added score of

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah hisyearsneighbors,in which thehis laborsChurch,haveandblessed

Editor; Editor; Associate C. Editors; L. is Managing Josephson, Managing Green, Albert Marba Evans, L. Doyle O. Richard and David recent photograph This

Editorial Today'sL. Zohell, B. Pinnock, Stephan, FamilyJr., mankind. Florence Judith Patricia McKayEditor; Grant, Middleton, Carter Kinnear, G. Research John Wheelwright Clark Lorin Ralph and by

Editor; Associate Art Directors, Era Youth Editor; and Reynolds of Era E.The Maryon, Editor; RalphAssociates; Youth Elaine Cannon, Ed Hanxs, D. The Marion of Lithographing Co. Wheelwright

Editors. S. Njbley, Contributing Sperry, B. Harris, Sidney Franklin Jr., Archibald Hugh G. Durham,of Homer F Bennett, for to a tribute See page 630

Director; Subscription Manager; Business S. Snarr, General A. Manager; F. Associate Scott, T. General Glen Reeder, Verl Bentley, Manager; Bertha Joseph Clark. President Advertising Representative. Regional Evans, Thayer

Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual price reserved. Subscription $3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of the50c Churchsingle copy,of JesusexceptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayissues.Saints. All rights

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1913.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 16c

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days'Thirty cannot changes be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UTWERENCE BOOKS FOR BOOK OF MORMON STUDY

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK CHRIST IN ANCIENT AMERICA

n R- Dr Milt Hunter OF MORMON Dr. Milton R. Hunter

President Hunter relates II of Volume "Archaeology the and of Book Mormon"exciting experiences and observations made on centers on Quetzalcoatl, the "White and Bearded God"his extended tours of "Book of Mormon Lands"of Indian Dr. remembrance. Hunter brings into sharp in Mexico and Central

America. In the extreme focus the fact that Christ's

southern jungles of Mexico, visit to the Western Hemihe came upon white Indians; sphere persists in history

down to the coming of the in the ruins of Bonampak, he saw likenesses of both Spaniards. Profusely illuswhite and dark people trated "$3.95

painted on inner temple walls. These and other observations that parallel Book

of Mormon scriptures are described, with numerous photographs. $3.95

ONE FOLD AND

ONE SHEPHERD Thomas Stuart Ferguson Ancient treasures of the Middle East and Middle America are brought to light and compared for the 'first time in this exciting book by the President of the New World Archaeological Foundation.

These are treasures of knowledge—long lost

to the world—secrets of the pyramids and

temples of Central America. Illustrated. $4 95

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: llllllll,!, Enclosed you.will find check money order I have an account.

DesGretBooh Co. Please charge. Amount enclosed $ 3 for encircled4 (numbered) books: 12 44 East South TempieSail Lake City. Utah.'..- Name.

Address.

City.... Zone State

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

SEPTEMBER 1961 615 of the SIX FORTYFIVE AND year's THE CHILDREN ARE NOT FED YET

BY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK most TODAY'S FAMILY EDITOR

A young YWMIA executive asked, is hectic is so on "Why it that home exciting fails, nights? It never Mutual but

when it is time for me to leave, the house is in an uproar. What can I

do?"Two words give the answerreleases! plan ahead. Plan an easy to prepare,

nourishing supper and be sure there 1. Jacob Hamblin, are no last minute fixings to the

Buckskin Apostle meal. Let MIA night be casserole

by Paul Bailey night, but tuck in a luscious extra

Indian scout and missionary, Jacob somewhere so the whole family, Dad

Hamblin daily lived a lifetime of adincluded, anticipate something speventure excitement peneas he and cial on this night. Preparation for

trated the the of land fearsome

Navajo and Hopi. A fastpaced and all this should begin early in the day.

gripping biography, it is alive with See that home is a calm place at vivid drama and robust action. $3.95 6:45 on Mutual evening, supper delicious, babies clean, sweet cherubs

2. The Myth Makers ready for bed, house all straight, and

by Hugh Nibley a nice quiet evening ahead for Dad.

Here is a very frank, fastmoving historical volume that explodes as myths You might have to start as soon as the damning stories and derogatory you get up in the morning to acclaims circulated by "Mormon haters."complish all this, but it will be worth

all for missionaries and A must all it. Order is a law of heaven and

well informed. would be $3.50 who also of a happy home.

Husbands will like MIA a great deal more if planning has gone into your leaving. Treat him like a king,

especially on Mutual night. After

is over, don't carry your worries 12 vital visual aids MIA for teachers. home with you. Too much talk

about any unpleasant part of yourNOW!

work, and no wonder your husband

Here exactly the are charts and maps to rebels. Working in MIA can do for you've graphically wishing been

vital class subject gospel show your is picture matter. 10,000 wonders for you and your family if worth "One

words"certainly holds true for these you plan ahead and if you have a charts. Printed on heavy bond paper happy attitude about your calling. Charts cover 23"x29". such important

topics as the of worldwide missions I know one Mutual worker who church, the organizational diagram of the church, apostasy and restoration, says she has been a better wife and the where Book story took of Mormon place, etc. mother because of her assignment. plan of life and salvation,

$7.50 per set She said she decided when she accepted her call that her home would

BOOKCRAFT 8-61 be cleaner, her children better cared 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah for, and her meals the best she could prepare. She didn't want anyone

Please send encircled (numbered) books for which ever to say about her what she had enclose $ in check ( ) or heard said about one leader, "Maybe money order ( ). she does her Church work all right,

1 2 3 but you should see her house; her

Name children just run wild."The magic

words are PLAN AHEAD.

Address

City State

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dependability and your complete satisfaction with our service and facilities is our constant aim.

For help with your shipping problems or travel plans, see or call your nearest Union Pacific representative.

UNION PACIFIC...the Railroad that serves all the West

SEPTEMBER 1961 617

SgM'm-M

Savor the Days of Yore Letters

SEW A CENTENNIAL and COSTUME # * V Reports Delightful Designs for WOMEN TESTIMONY OF PRESIDENT WILFORD WOODRUFF

...

GIRLS TO THE YMMIA | I wish to say to the young men in Zion, you have a great destiny before you, eternity in awaiting a long to come. world have you You and in the this world both CHILDREN

are responsibility. passing the your fathers great the Church a away As labor of and

and kingdom of God will rest upon you. I have confidence in you, to believe that

you will qualify yourselves for the great duty and work which lie before you. The

destiny of the Church and kingdom of God in the latter days is decreed by the God of heaven, and I do not believe that God has made that decree ivithout preparing an element to do his work, in carrying out his purposes.

Therefore, I say to the young men of the Mutual Improvement Associations, that the God of Israel has called, chosen, and ordained you as messengers of life and salvation, to qualify yourselves to prune the vineyard for the last time and labor wliile it is called day and prepare for the coming of the Son of Man.

That God may bless you to this end, is the earnest prayer of your brother and fellow laborer in the Church and kingdom of God.

Wilford Woodruff The Contributor, X, No. 4, (1889), 148.

EIGHT CONVERTS, TWO INVESTIGATORS, WIN CHAMPIONSHIP

In March of this year, for the first time in (front row) Dick Parrish, Manuel Perez, twelve years, the Fort Wayne ( Indiana Branch President Harry D. Black, John

Branch in the Great Lakes Mission won the Hall, Jon Black, and Bonald Bergquist;

mission basketball championship tourna- (back row) Bichard Smith, Merlan Bartels,

Available through your ment. The most interesting thing about Bill Twitchell, Fred Perdue, and Robert

local McCall's dealer the winning team is that it is comprised Gerke.

or write directly to: entirely of converts and investigators. And John Hall was baptized four months

half of the team members became interbefore the tournament. He had become

McCalls Patterns estedathleticin program.the Church because of the MIA interestedvited to aninMIAthe picnicChurchandwhento playhe wasvolleyin-

230 Park Avenue In the picture are, from left to right: ball. Fred Perdue and Dick Parrish have

- New York 17, N.Y.

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hed Moment

edding announcewVV ments for that important event. A wide selection of

styles and cards that would

please the most discriminating bride.

The West's Finest Printers and Binders

been members of the Church about twoyears. Brother Perdue is the branch SunDeseret

day School superintendent, and Brother

Parrish is branch YMMIA superintendent.

Robert Gerke and Jon Black have beenmembers for some five years. Brother I: News

Gerke is second counselor in the branch presidency, and Jon is YMMIA secretary.

Richard Smith and Ronald Bergquist werebaptized in 1954, both having become in33 RICHARDS ST. Press

terested in the Church because of basketEM4-25Sr ball. Both of these brethren are branch SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

teaching supervisors.

Bill Twitchell is a longtime member and basketball enthusiast. He was on the allstate team in Idaho and made the allcon-

ference team while at Utah State University. is a of the district member He HOW TO COLOR STYLE YOUR tocouncil assigned MIA.

Manuel Perez and Merlan Bartels are both investigators of the Church. Manuel

is acting as translator for missionariesmeeting with a Spanish investigator in Motel

Fort Wayne. Merlan and his wife are also

being taught the gospel by missionaries. School

CORRECTION Inadvertently the following block of Hospital type from the series Censoring the Joseph

Smith Story was omitted from the Julyissue although the footnote appeared on Factory page 526. "Years ago Eduard Meyer (whom manyconsider the most learned historian of our Restaurant time) wrote: 'But the Book of Mormon is

religion; religiousnothing the but remove or Storeparts of collipses. it, and the whole book

The very skeleton of the narrative is full A nationallyrespected color authority has prepared 6 "Functional Color of religious tendencies and associations.

... In other words: if we remove from it Kits"covering these institutions, for Bennett's Colorizer Paints. Each Kit

what certainly comes from Joseph Smith, illustrates in precise detail how the "right"colors can be used to provide as good nothing remains.'22

"Also the theory, that the Book of tasteful decoration and to promote morale and efficiency, better seeing, to written money, makeMormon was is safety, and improved employee and public relations. Each kit includes

inridiculous the of such face enough announcements as that occurring at the chips of 36 Functional Colors and instructions for their use. For full inforof ofbeginning the chapter second the mation, write:

) the thingsfirst book (: 'Wherefore 1st Ed.which are pleasing unto the world, I do FUNCTIONAL COLOR DIVISION

not write, but the things which are pleasing unto God and unto them which are not of the world.'

Bennett's 65 WEST 1st SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1961 619 % W

BOOK OF MORMON STUDY GUIDE

Ricks Eldin by MARRIEDS AND point YOUNG the text to questions 1350 keyed STUDY SMORGASBORD MUTUAL the attention treasures to hidden reader's of of the Book Mormon. An immensely the guests enjoyed sumptuous 500 Over is Seattle the (WashingPictured to of study aid popular by Book Mormon fare. pro- a followed meal was by The and Marrieds Mutual ton) Stake Young the individuals throughout groups and

all the King dance, on based and gram prepared and Study which committee Plastic Church. binding. $1.50 comb anan This theme. Neptune has become Galley"their Neptune's "King served

BOOK OF MORMON STUDY Smorgasbord recently. nualMutualeventStudyforofthethe Youngstake. Marrieds and GUIDE - JUNIOR EDITION

Just off the press. An abbreviated version of the Book of Mormon Study Guide

for young people 12 to 18. Looseleaf.

$1.00 FOUR FATHERS.

FORTYSIX CHILDREN

Here is the bishopric of the Mt.

Trumbull (Arizona) Ward, St. George

Stake. Collectively, these four brethren

are the fathers of fortysix children. From

left to right they are: James G. Bundy,

first counselor and father of eleven children; Chester M. Bundy, bishop and father

of seventeen children (six deceased);

Daniel A. Bundy, second counselor and

father of four children; and James Bundy, James Bundy is the father of both James

ward clerk and father of fourteen children G. and Daniel A. Bundy. Both of the

KDiWCKS (four deceased). latter have filled missions for the Church.

BOOK OF MORMON COMMENTARY, GOLDEN GLEANER AWARD

Volume I IN FINLAND by Eldin Ricks A penetrating verse by verse analysis of Sister Bertha S. Beeder, General Presithe First Book of Nephi. $2.00 dent of the YWMIA, presents Sister Kaija

Bautiainen with her Golden Gleaner pin at a youth conference held at Tampere,

Finland recently. President Alvin B. Dyer,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, and president of the European missions witnessed the presentation. Sister Bautiainen is the second girl in the Finnish

Mission to receive this award.

Sister Beeder traveled to Britain and

Finland with YWMIA SecretaryTreasurer

Helena W. Larson to observe the functioning of MIA in some of the foreign missions

in the Church.

"HEAVY"READING Denver 23, Colorado Story of the Formation of the Dear Era Staff:

Book of Mormon Plates Just had to sit down and write my ing recipes. Bet I gained five pounds

by Eldin Ricks appreciation for this wonderful magazine. just reading them.

it, start this also to children singing was month Will but I enjoy always my text with booklet large 8V2"xll"An and tonight. special! extra really illustrating drawings step the step by

the again, I whole parts keep some you copied and Thank good up have the of development of Book from Mormon etc., etc. as to so have sink work, over to tape pages my Smith. Nephi to Joseph.35 $

to worthwhile uplifting and something love, dull doing while think Much and my Available at L.D.S. bookstores readdishes. everywhere.

delicious Ashcraft soundthose also copied Ann Have

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO.

Box 137, Sugar House Station Salt Lake City 5, Utah

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

How Available to All Wards of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

D.S.YOUTH GROUPS Only$l?2per year,

per person Insures members while participating in aj] Church sponsored activities (not just M.I.A.)...and while

traveling directly to or home from such activities.

ATHLETICS SCOUTING GIRL'S CAMPS SOCIALS SEMINARIES

THE NEED: Everyone needs Insurance protection whether $1000 ACCIDENTAL MEDICAL EXPENSE

at home, in church activities, or traveling. Parents and BENEFIT - NO DEDUCTIBLE

leaders the opportunity of providing welcome such Under this benefit, costs of medical, surgical, ambuprotection at broad of cost. Peace of mind a minimum

and freedom from worry make all your activities more lance, hospital, dental and professional nursing services enjoyable. which are incurred within one year from the date of

will accident, be paid of up to a maximum THOUONE per $1.00 All active * year THE COST: Only per member. as the result one of any ($1,000.00) SAND DOLLARS of M.I.A. your members must be included.

is eligible injury. for every insured and Each member

OPERATION OF THE PLAN: The basic insurable group this $1000 expense benefit for each injury received.

is your M.I.A. - Because the plan is so broad, all active

$2000 ACCIDENTAL DEATH AND M.I.A. included. of the ward members must be Names * BENEFIT DISMEMBERMENT are are not required covered autoand new members

matically. Regular leaders may be included at the same When an injury results in any of the following losses,

low premium rate. within 90 days after an accident, the following benefits

You may also insure other age groups in the ward will be paid, IN ADDITION to any medical expense such as Primary (including the Cub Scouts), or those benefits: (Loss of life...$2,000. Loss of both hands, feet

participating in Senior athletic programs (not already or irrecoverable sight of both eyes or any combination included in the M.I.A. group) at the same low premium. of these... $2,000. Loss of one hand, one foot, one arm,

one leg or irrecoverable loss of sight of either eye..

bills, will for as outlined, CLAIMS: inpaid be Claims

a refor loss Limited to fifty percent occurring as $1,000). * curred of accident. of within date weeks 52 or No delay

activity. sult of traveling a scheduled to or from tape. red

HOW TO APPLY FOR POLICY: Complete this application APPLICATION

to offices either of and the along mail with check below for L.D.S. Youth Insurance Group

for active for plus M.I.A. each of $1.00 your member

Having with provide benefits agreed our members if selected. for of other $1.00 groups each member for program pany's $1 Youth I. D.S. Groups,.00 A taYear inweaccordancerequest thewithissuanceyour comof a

A policy will be mailed to the Bishop. Renewal notice Contractual Liability Policy guaranteeing reimbursement to us in the same amounts.

furnished in advance each year.

-Stake M.I.A. at Ward has attended member who $ Active member—Any

year. current i in the least 3 times Chapel

Address City,

HAROLD B. NIELSEN & CO. Bishop

Bishop's Address. -City,

effective unless Insurance date on (Indicate of postmark requested. later date betow BLVD., "7150 TOPANGA CANYON

to wish insure. CANOGA PARK, CALIF. the individual only groups you Count an though he once even may Diamond than activity.) 0-8T35 part in take one more

M.I.A.—No. of Active Members-.Regular Leaders.

PRIMARY - No. of Active Members..Regular Leaders.

TRANSWESTERN INSURANCE AGENCY SENIOR ATHLETICS - No. not already included in M.I.A..

P. O. BOX 1196, SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH TOTAL No. to be Insured -Amt. of check enclosed($1.00 for$.each insured)

EMpire 3-766T.J

SEPTEMBER 1961 621

coilspring comfort... plus the

privacy of individual seating The Church fee.;* Slllfff

These chairs combine the traditional dignity of wood and the modern comfort of a deluxe coilspring Moves On seat, provide additional luxury in the private, individual styling of mm June 1961 each unit. Seating may be tailored

to selection through the wide decor dignified faPresident David O. McKay enlarged the membership of the of colors and durable

brics. A catalog showing the comQuorum of the First Presidency to four members by calling

plete line of HeywoodWakefield is Elder Hugh B. Brown, of the Council of the Twelve to seating and the quality features

yours for the asking. Write for become "a counselor in the First Presidency of the Church."

yours today. The First Presidency announced that the fulltime missions

have been divided into regions or areas with one of the General

Authorities appointed as supervisor or president. They will also

supervise work of the stake missions located in their designated areas. They are Elders Marion G. Romney and Howard W. Hunter

of the Council of the Twelve who are assigned to the missions in

Latin America and Midwestern America, respectively. The Assistants to the Council of the Twelve are: Elder Alvin R. Dyer,

European Mission; Elder Nathan E. Tanner, West European Mission; Elder Franklin D. Richards, Eastern American; Elder Theodore

M. Burton, Western American; Elder Gordon B. Hinckley,

HawaiianOriental. President A. Theodore Tuttle has been assigned

will brethren these missions. Some of American the South UYWOODto called; others are they areas in which in the JWAKEFIELC establish residences

will do their work in Salt Lake City.

stakes not within that the 186 announced First Presidency The into divided been missions have of fulltime boundariesHEYWOOD. WAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH. the

twentyfive areas, each with a supervisor, to coordinate the missionary effort here. These stakes are in Utah, Idaho, Nevada, and

Wyoming. The area supervisors are: Henry A. Smith, Lincoln F.

Hanks, Junius M. Jackson, J. Leonard Love, Theodore C. Jacobsen,

Alex F. Dunn, Raymond J. Pace, Leslie T. Norton, A. Walter

Stevenson, Samuel A. Hendricks, William H. Bennett, Reynold K.

Watkins, Myles W. Romney, John M. Homer, William J. Lewis,

Roldo V. Dutson, Z. Reed Millar, George Lamont Richards, Lee

B. Valentine, Stewart L. Grow, Gerrit de Jong, Jr., Marden D.

Pearson, Ruel E. Christensen, D. Arthur Haycock, and Berkeley L.

Bunker. The Church background of these men varies: Some are

former mission presidents; some are former stake presidents; former

bishops; some are members of general boards; some are college

professors: all have the qualities of leadership.

Garden Grove Stake was organized from parts of Santa

Ana (California) Stake by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the

Council of the Twelve and Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr.,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. Elder James M. Hobbs was

sustained as stake president. His counselors are Elder Floyd M.

Growth That Counts Carlson,Elder Edwardwho servedA. Cox.as firstPresidentcounselorKarlin C.the DurhamSanta AnawasStake,retainedand

Increase your knowledge at home as president of Santa Ana Stake with Elder Dean W. Francis,

through formerly his second counselor, now sustained as first counselor;

functioning in the Church. Home Study Gardenand ElderGroveFerrenis theL. 330thChristensenstake nowsustained as second counselor.

Elder Dean C. Christensen was sustained as president of

Home Study Provo (Utah) Stake, with his counselors Elders Roy W. Doxey and

Brigham Young University Bliss H. Crandall. They succeed President Aura C. Hatch and his counselors, Elders Allen C. Brockbank and Frank A. Van Wagenen.

Provo, Utah After the stake conferences held today there is a sixweek summer

Please send, without cost, a Home Study catalog vacation in the stake conference schedule.

to ( Continued on page 688 Address—:Name

City State 622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many f<o St -w <L v '

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

SEPTEMBER 1961 623.

Gives you the ultimate THESE TIMES in fingertip total

electric living now..

and for years to come.

When the future is allelectric, buy anything why

Medallion but a Gold Home? The Campus and Religion

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your deafer As many readers join the millions purpose for the individual soul. It

returning to college this month, they may be well, therefore, for American, should reckon with the renewed imCanadian, and other collegebound portance which attaches to religion readers to know, realize, and appreamong students and faculties. Stuciate the fact that they are not alone

dents after World War II, perhaps, in their religious interests in life and were first to note the intellectual on campus. Western life has proFILMS "respectability"and concern with reduced many significant young

DEVELOPED ligious thinking and issues. Thoupeople's societies of religious nature.

AND PRINTED per roll sandssuch theologiansflocked in thisand countrythinkerstoashearTilYourwill be,MIAaccordingly,or "Institute"wellunderstoodactivity

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B & W Roll lich and Niebuhr. Faculties then and respected.

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll became more aware. Today, it is So you will know and understand

safe to say, that religion enjoys remore about some of your fellow students, here spect is some brief, typical on whether most campuses, material: COLOR FILM nonstate, state or that of background equal to

the regular academic disciplines. The YMCA—The movement has DEVELOPING

KODACOLOR currentsThere thatare broad,supportdeep,this movementand vital beenestablishmentexplainedof asthe follows:Young Men's"The

Roll 8-Exposure Christian Association occasioned constitutions, laws, per even was and where

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

city of the religious the growth modern "comby custom do not permit Roll per 12Exposure

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll pulsory chapel"or sectarian instruc- [which] created an environment

Color Reprints 20f each tion. Fundamental to this interest is which made necessary special efforts

in behalf the question, is the of young men."abiding The "What YMCA SLIDES COLOR in organized of Life?"London, was related 6, Directly purpose June per 1 35 mm Color Slides

20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll is the question, "What is the pur1844. By 1851 there were twenty-

1 35 mm Color Slides per pose of education?"Today's stufour organizations in Britain, with

roll exp., Dev. 36 and Mount $2.40 transplants Boston, in Montreal, dents are thoughtfully concerned New

Color per Movie York, Paris, and Geneva. with these Todav issues. American news 25'Roll $1.35rol 8 mm,

magazines have reported unrest YMCA schools, hostels, and other

GENEALOGY PHOTOS among students in Russian universicenters dot the Christian world,

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD ties who were dissatisfied and felt inwith millions of members and associPHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS tellectually undernourished in such ate members.

of NEGATIVE, 4c each matters. Dialectical materialism, subThe missionaries of the Church of

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s stituting for religious feeling and Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints atMoney-Back Guarantee thought, has no good nor meaningtached to the British and European ful answer to the question of life's mission offices during my tenure,

SAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JOIN TO NOW! Yours for HOW

check or money Send your for $4.50 for Richard L. Evans'ordertwo

latest books: "May Peace Be With

Your books will be sent joining now: You"Walls."and "From Within These

post paid.

To fine books. several of views

nothing book, you do top two great hooks! Each month, you will receive reget the

... it will be sent to you post

paid with a statement. If you do

for an alprovided always save $2.00 cardnot want the book, return the post

as at all). Buy (or none ternate

few as one book every three months to keep your membership

By Richard L. Evans active.

With every four books you accept, you receive a fifth book free...

a saving of 20%!

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS

If you prefer, choose one of the books below as your first selection at the regular advertised price shown.

Leadership—Vol. I $3.50

Sterling W. Sill

19331935, to were honored be asII....$3.50 LeadershipVol.sociate of the members London Sterling W. SillCentral YMCA near Tottenham

Court Road and Oxford Street. Our Doctrine & Covenants

team played YMCA basketball teams CompendiumSidney B. Sperry $5.95

in Greater London regularly. We

enjoyed many good meals of roast Jesus the Christ $3.50

beef and treacle pudding in the "Y"Just off the press! James E. Talmage

hall,dining welcome and many hotMAY PEACE BE WITH YOU LDSpediaReference Encyclo- $5.00andcold in its showers gymnasium.

R. Melvin Brooks and eloquence Simple The Young Women's YWCAThe wisdom, uncommonChristian Stories Association, in of Mormon formed faBook the from Bosdrawn

For Latterday Young is inton a 1866, worldwide mem- ''Spoken

Saints $3.25 broadcasts ofbership girls designed, and women miliarWord''Petersen Marr Emma Tabernacle. the from S.said Sims, a leadone-time Mary

Excelreading. Easying officer, "to express both in deeds material. lent speech

Please enroll me as a member of the theirand words conviction of the supreme importance of the Christian Publisher's price LDS Books Club, Inc. Enclosed is

way of life...."There are in the $3.50 my check or money order for

United States alone, more than a $ For my firstthousand stuor community YWCA centersdent college univeron and FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS selection,( ) RichardI haveL. Evans'chosen two books.sity efforts in campuses, plus over

fifty other countries. ( ) The alternate checked above.

Christian Endeavor—The Young saysA seriesarrangedof shortaroundesPeople's Society of Christian Encentral themes... Name

deavor was organized in Portland, old age, the courage

Maine, February 2, 1881. Its efforts to run, the kindness Address

the torcorrection,have included "floating societies"for of of intentions, ment naval and seamen generally, prison repenting, forgiving, City.. Zone.... State.

welfare, and other activities of interand dozens more.

denominational and international character. Its constitution is printed Publisher's $3.00price

in more than sixty languages. In the

United States the Presbyterian LDS Books generallyChurch has the largest had Inc. '$$ Club,

(number Continued on page 689 COMBINATION OFFER: BOTH BOOKS FOR Box 400

JUST $4.50. SAVE $2.00 Salt Lake City 10, Ut.

SEPTEMBER 1961 625 yala

THE EDITORS PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

The Great Cause of Members of the Church of We have as the direct and immediate purpose, the

Jesus Christ of Latterday establishing in the hearts of the young men and women

Saints are truly a people a testimony of the divinity of God's work, without who aid one another in the which eternal life cannot be obtained—for "... this is

productive life, a life that tends toward the salvation life eternal, that they might know thee the only true of the human being. By that salvation I do not mean God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John

just a place in the hereafter where all our cares and 17:3.)

worries may cease, but a salvation that applies to the As a means of accomplishing this end, we have individual, to the family, and to society here and now. placed at our disposal and use, the records of God's

Through the gospel of Jesus Christ and the perfect revelations to men, also the record of his handdealings organization of the Church as revealed in this diswith mankind. This includes, as you readily see, not

pensation to the Prophet Joseph Smith, we are aiding only that which we have in sacred literature, known one another spiritually by taking advantage of the as the fundamental works of scripture, but also God's many opportunities for service in the Church. We records in creation. Associated with these fundaare aiding in educational and temporal matters mental works of creation and revelation, we have

through the unified school system, and the church welaccess to all man's relationship with each other as fare plan, and a practical benefit is resulting to the social beings, and his attitude in relationship toward people through the united efforts of the membership God and his work.

of the Church. A Mutual leader may speak to an indifferent girl

We are fostering brotherhood by activity and asabout her weakness, and the young girl may toss her sociation in priesthood quorums, in auxiliary associhead and walk away rather resentfully to think the ations, and in our social gatherings and ward reunions. Mutual leader should approach her in any such way

We are aiding the young people in securing wholewhatever. But the very fact that interest was taken,

some pleasures. We give them sweet and wholesome the fact that the attention of the indifferent was called

enjoyment under the direction of the priesthood, as it to her weakness will leave seed which in the future serves in the Mutual Improvement Associations of the will bear good fruit. It is better for her to feel that

Church as well as in the other organizations and in the you are interested than to have her think you have no amusements under the direction of the authorities of interest in her.

the ward. In such ways, and many others, the Church Never before in the history of the Church were there

fosters the practical things of life. so many insidious influences at work among our

The ultimate aim of the Mutual Improvement Aspeople as today. Never before have dangers been

sociations is to aid in bringing to pass, under the inso threatening to our youth. I am not a pessimist,

spiration and guidance of the Lord, the immortality neither am I one of those who say our young people and eternal life of man. are worse now than they used to be; I do not believe

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY'S

EIGHTYEIGHTH BIRTHDAY

The 88th birthday anniversary of the President of the Church is an event of exceeding significance—one

that all the members of the Church and many others also, would wish gratefully to note and acknowledge worldwide.

The Improvement Era had planned to mark this

September 8 anniversary with a feature article on our loved and revered President and Prophet, President McKay, however, with his unfailing gracious consideration of others, suggested that the ninetieth birthday anniversary of his longesteemed associate and counselor in the First Presidency, President J,MIA Reuben Clark, Jr., occupy the place of first importance

they are. I have as much confidence in our boys and in this issue of the Era.

In acceding to the Presidents suggestion, we wish, girls today as you fathers and mothers had in your however, to offer here a brief and heartfelt witness forty, sons twenty, sixty years and ago. of the Most of our love and loyalty for him whom our Lord has boys are just of today as earnest, just they think as

called in prophet to be his these times when great much of their religion in general, and just as much of significant and events are rushing forward.

the truth, as boys did years ago. But there are conPresident The events long'notable and of McKays

ditions which are worse than they were many years lifetime have this preparing toward moved for him ago. There are more threatening influences enticing position, and we doubt not thai he was known and

our boys and our girls from paths of duty than there designated in the heavens for our Father s particular were years ago; all of which is evident, without further purposes.

explanation. As we have been privileged to see arid associate

Some of our boys and girls think that the standard with the President, to feel his spirit, to know his love, of morality has changed. The standard of morals of to watch his life, his every act and utterance, we

the Latterday Saint boy and girl will never change, have seen no discrepancy between what he does and must never change. Standards of the outside may what we know him to be.

change, may be lowered, and that influence may peneHis life is lived in farseeing, suremoving service.

trate our social organizations, but our standards must His graciousness and consideration for others is unbe maintained; our boys and girls must know these failing. While there is a special love in his heart for

standards. On whom rests this responsibility? family and friends, there is also a great, compassionate

The MIA with its classwork, and with its activities consideration for all our Fathers children. We have

of music, dance, sports and athletics, and drama, all seen him stand for hours to shake the hands and tend to make for our young people ( and for those who offer kindly encouragement to the lives of long, long like to stay young) a very complete and desirable way lines of young and old who have sought the privilege of life. of speaking to the President.

It is the duty of the MIA to present in the drama "There are men whose very presence warms the that which is not only entertaining but also uplifting heart. President McKay is one of them. I spoke from

and educational—plays that emphasize the best in the heart, when, in the middle of a commencement

human relations rather than the lowest. This should address I was giving at Brigham Young University,

be done for several reasons; two, particularly: I turned to him on the platform and said, 'David

In the first place, young people memorizing their McKay, almost thou persuadest me to be a Mormon!'

roles may retain throughout their lives passages These sincere and gracious words, recorded by the learned and repeated in these home dramatics. A seclate Cecil B. DeMille in his Autobiography, are

ond reason, and more important, for presenting meriindicative of the warm feeling those in and out of torious plays is their (Continued on page 675) the Church have for (Continued on page 676)

SEPTEMBER 1961 627 YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

What was the nature of Paul's sin at the

QUESTION: the name of the Lord, shall be put to death."

"In our Sunday School the question of the nature (Leviticus 24:1314, 16.)

"If thy brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, and scope of Paul's sin at the martyrdom of Stephen or thy daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy was discussed. There was a wide divergence of friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly,

opinion in the class. Some felt that he was justified saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou

by the teachings and policies of Jewish law. However hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers;

some felt that it was in defiance of Roman law which "Namely, of the gods of the people which are round was supreme at the time. Will you please help us to about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from thee, from

the one end of the earth even unto the other end reach a proper conclusion?"

of the earth;

ANSWER: "Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken

unto him; neither shall thine eye pity him, neither

Paul informs us that he was brought up in strict shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou conceal him:

compliance with Israelitish law. He had been taught "But thou shalt surely kill him; thine hand shall be

by the renowned Gamaliel who was known for his first upon him to put him to death, and afterwards great wisdom and knowledge of Hebrew law. It is the hand of all the people."(Deut. 13:6-9.)

well for us to remember as far as we know that When we stop to consider that Paul was brought

Paul took no part in making the decision that conup in this atmosphere and that he was a very strict demned Stephen and fortunately took no part in the and devout Pharisee, we can understand how, in his stoning which cost Stephen his life. That he was in ignorance, he was willing to take charge of the clothes

full sympathy with what was done we may well of those who stoned Stephen. To him evidently it

believe and therefore was willing to protect the clothes was a command from the Lord.

of those who engaged in the awful tragedy. It is While it is true that the Romans were in control

likely true that he sanctioned the action. It is also and enforced their law, yet they did not always intertrue that in his misplaced zeal he was determined to fere with the Hebrew law and the carrying out of its

bring all believers in Jesus to trial and have them provisions as understood by the Jews. In fact it is to

punished perhaps to lose their lives by the violation be remembered that Pilate washed his hands and of what he truly believed to be in full accord with turned Jesus over to what he considered to be the commandment of the Lord which had been given Hebrew law. Moreover let us not lose sight of the

to Moses in relation to those who forsook the truth fact that Stephen was on trial before a council of and turned to the worship of other gods. In conthe Jews. (Acts 6:12.) The consigning him to death

sidering this let us refer to one or two passages in was not necessarily the work of a mob, but the action the commandments given to Israel when they entered of the council, and Stephen, as was our Lord, supthe land of promise to inherit it. posedly, turned over to be dealt with according to

"And the Lord spake to Moses, saying, Hebrew law.

"Bring forth him that hath cursed without the At this condemnation of Stephen, as with Jesus, camp; and let all that heard him lay their hands upon false witnesses were brought and were sworn who

his head, and let all the congregation stone him.... said that Stephen had, spoken "... blasphemous words

"And he that blasphemeth the name of the Lord, against Moses, and against God"(Ibid., 6:11), and

he shall surely be put to death, and all the congregawhen Stephen emphatically declared in their presence tion shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, that he had seen the heavens opened and the Son of

as he that is born in the land, when he blasphemeth man or Jesus standing on the right hand of God, it

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stoning of Stephen?

was more than these wicked judges could endure, and they pronounced sentence upon him, and the multitude cried out against him and cast him out of the city and stoned him.

Fortunately Paul took no part in this, only to take charge of the clothes of the guilty murderers. That

he was sympathetic with them is true. Following this

murderous assault he sought papers so that he could go forth arresting any who professed the name of

Jesus and drag them to what he felt was justice.

We must concede that in all that he did, Paul felt that he was doing what the Lord had commanded

Moses in the Law.

Under all the circumstances he was acting in righteous zeal, as he supposed, to bring to an end an uprising contrary to the commandment given by the Lord to Moses. In this mistaken zeal he went

forth and "... made havock of the chinch, entering

into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison."(Ibid., 8:3.)

To carry his labor to a complete conclusion, he sought papers so that he could go forth into other parts of the world, and on his way to Damascus received his great vision of the Son of God, which turned him from his bitterness and mistaken zeal to an equal zeal and determination henceforth to bring souls unto Christ.

Considering all the elements in connection with his life, we must say of Paul, what he did he did honestly in this work of destruction, feeling that he was doing the will of the Eternal Father. It was wrong, and it

took a drastic measure to stop him in his mad course and turn him to the defense of the truth. Whatever

evil was at his door, he fully paid the price through his greater zeal and perseverence to undo all that he had formerly done and bring souls unto Christ.

Eventually it was required of him that he too lay down his life in martyrdom in defense of the Son of

God whom previously he had persecuted. Surely

Paul is worthy of our sympathy for the things he did which were wrong and our love for his life of zeal which was intensified without question because of his evil labors ignorantly performed.

SEPTEMBER 1961 PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

An Appreciation on his Ninetieth Birthday

September 1871 - September 1961

The writing of a biography of our illustrious leader must be left to one more skilled and better informed than I, although by his own description of a perfect BY HAROLD B. LEE

OF THE COUNCIL OF TWELVE biography, that task would be simple enough if one were to keep it within the limits of his definition of what he has said it should be. This was his formula:

"Born? Yes. Died? No."

This brief writing in commemoration of the ninetieth birthday anniversary of our revered venerable leader and servant of God, President J. Reuben

Clark, Jr., contains a few simple observations and

reflections of my own, with a humble appraisal of his towering strength among us for the quarter of a century during which time it has been my good fortune to have been intimately associated with him.

It seems almost incredible that the span of one man's years should encompass so much of the history of this Church. But so it has been during the lifetime

of the subject of this writing.

In the year 1871, when President Clark was born, federally appointed Territorial Judge J. B. McKean

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was making himself obnoxious to the Saints in Utah Sunday School is in excellent condition... the superby his absurd court rulings under guise of judicial intendent and his assistants appear to take great pains

authority. President Brigham Young was being held in teaching the children who are very proficient,

temporarily as a prisoner in his own house, guarded especially in answering questions relative to theoby United States marshals on a fictitious indictment, logical matters.... There is one branch of industry

which was subsequently dismissed. The first Utah in which Grantsville appears to be ahead of probably

edition of the Book of Mormon was printed this same any other settlement in Utah—that is in the matter of

year, and Martin Harris, one of the three witnesses of improved livestock. At every turn on the streets,

the Book of Mormon, had recently arrived in Utah animals possessing unmistakable indications of suto make his home. Here he remained until his death perior blood can be seen."

in Clarkston, Utah, in 1875. The eminent historian, Edward W. Tullidge, in

Ground was broken in the autumn of this same 1874 records something else which seems significant:

year by President Brigham Young for the construc- "The fact stands well to the front in the history of tion of the first temple in Utah at St. George. The the early settlements of Utah, that the hardy pioneers

Utah Southern Railroad Company was organized and who located them, after making some necessary ground was broken for the Utah and Northern Railpreparations to raise food for their families and to road at Brigham City. shelter them from the elements, turned their early

Within the next six years following young J. Reuand earnest attention to the education of their

ben Clark's birthdate, the full program of the Young children. Grantsville has not been behind any of the

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Assofirst colonies of Utah in this manner. At an early

ciations was made universal throughout the settleperiod the leading citizens began to reflect seriously ments of the Saints. President Young and his on the necessity of something better for the education

counselors, George A. Smith and Daniel H. Wells, of their children than the ordinary school district,

in this year, renewed their covenants by baptism at although these were kept up to the best pracEphraim, Sanpete County, and invited the Saints, ticable standards."

generally, to follow their example. The new This desire for improvement was manifested by

Z.C.M.I. building on Salt Lake City's Main Street action of the city council as early as April 25, 1874.

was opened for business 1869. At that date a committee which had been previously

The Edmunds antipolygamy law was passed by appointed to make arrangements for organizing a

Congress, and the Dr. T. DeWitt Talmadge in a public institute of learning, made a written report.

sermon at the "Brooklyn Tabernacle"in New York Out of this action came the organization of the suggested the annihilation of the Mormons by the "Grantsville Educational Association,"and a board of

Ft. Douglas artillery. Such were some of the stirring directors was elected. In the unique document which

events which serve to give us something of the defines the purposes of such an institution and the historical setting in this far western territory at the building of an adequate building, we read this: "for

time of his birth and during his preschool years. we need the use of it as soon as we can possibly have

His having been born in the small country town of it, as our youth of both sexes are increasingly and

Grantsville, Utah, on the eastern fringe of the Great rapidly merging into manhood and womanhood

Utah Salt Desert, of a solid, Godfearing, pioneer without the degree of graded school education which family; and having been tutored in this community the age in which we live and circumstances in which

life in his first years, may have had more influence we are presently placed, can furnish them."(Grantsin shaping the course of his life than many realize. ville Ward Historical Record, 1887.)

From the early historical records of Grantsville, durFrom out of an almost reverential respect for those ing the time of his earliest childhood, I quote a few who were instrumental in his early education in facts from a Deseret News article under date of June Grantsville, President Clark, a few years ago at his 23, 1873: own expense, had this pioneer school building restored

"Grantsville is one of the most beautiful places in to its original state and dedicated to the memory of

Utah; it is a city of orchards which, combined with these early pioneers of progressive education. Among

wellmatured shade trees and generally comfortable these was his own father who was one of the able looking dwellings, give it an air of comfort at this teachers who provided advanced education for their season of the year, especially, that is real inviting. children far beyond that usually provided during those

The public buildings are a credit to the people. The early pioneer days.

meeting house is commodious and is neatly furnished How much of his insatiable thirst for knowledge, and painted.... The choir is a good one... the which was destined to make him an internationally

SEPTEMBER 1961 631

recognized authority in constitutional law, a disenced his decision to invest his life savings in a tinguished public servant, an eminent author, and Grantsville ranch and then set about to excel in his apostle of the Lord, was instilled in him during own livestock herd improvement program, for which his early childhood by the influences of his home he was honored earlier this year by his fellowlive- and this progressive intellectual community, we can stock men of the state of Utah, who acclaimed his herd only surmise. The story is told that when a baby of cattle as "one of the finest in the state."They

brother was born to the Clark family, a good gave him a citation which declared him as the "prime aunt who came to help, remarked of him perhaps a factor in a marked improvement in the cattle of the bit sarcastically: "Here he is reading again!"This entire country."

early diligence and methodical application as a All the years of his childhood on the farm in student won for him from Dr. James E. Talmage, Grantsville were not productive and economically

another of our great scholars, the superlative comprofitable because of the uncertainty of enough moismendation as he left to go East to pursue his studies, ture in drouth years. In 1879 an article appeared in

"He possessed the brightest mind ever to leave Utah."the News: "The crops of all kinds including fruits

In this appraisal, those who know him best will are very light in Grantsville this year; scarcely enough

readily agree. are raised for home consumption.... The wells are

In the universal sweep of his great intellectual nearly all drying up and will have to be dug vision he had few equals and perhaps no superiors. deeper.... The stock raisers here are all preparing

He once said of his grandfather on his maternal line, to drive their cattle to where they can get something

Bishop Edwin D. Woolley: "He was so eloquent in to eat... the myriads of sheep that have been herded

political discourse that even his enemies came out here for the past few years, have almost destroyed to hear him."So it has been with this grandson of our range."( Deseret News, Sept. 25, 1879.

Bishop Woolley. Even those who violently disagree Was it possibly the everpresent threat of the lean

with his views are intrigued by his eloquence, his years in a western frontier territory bordering on the forthrightness, pure logic, and penetrating insight into Great American desert and the experience of a lifethe center and core of whatever subjects he undertime in learning the fundamentals essential to temporal takes to expound. security which prompted him to declare in an official

I once had a young university student of political statement to the membership of the Church in his science voice to me his vigorous disagreement with conference address in April 1937?

President Clark's lecture in 1952 before an audi- "Let us avoid debt as we would a plague; where

ence sponsored at the University of Utah by the we are now in debt let us get out of debt; if not today,

Institute of Government on the subject "Our then tomorrow.

Dwindling Sovereignty."In this lecture, President "Let us straitly and strictly live within our incomes,

Clark had declared that he was "proConstitution, and save a little.

proGovernment, as it was established under the Con- "Let every head of every household see to it that stitution, profreedom, profull and complete indehe has on hand enough food and clothing, and, where pendence and sovereignty, prolocal selfgovernment, possible, fuel also, for at least a year ahead. You of

and proeverything else that has made us the free small means put your money in foodstuffs and wearcountry we had grown to be in the first 130 years of ing apparel, not in stocks and bonds; You of large

our national existence."In the domestic field, he had means will think you know how to care for yourselves,

also declared in this lecture: "I am antisocialist, antibut I venture to suggest that you do not speculate.

Communist, antiWelfare State, etc."I replied to this Let every head of every household aim to own his

youthful budding political science student critic perown home, free from mortgage. Let every man who

haps somewhat sharply, "Yes, I suppose it would be has a garden, garden it; every man who has a farm,

difficult for a pigmy to get the viewpoint of a giant. farm it.

When I go to hear world authority on some subject "Let us again clothe ourselves with these proved as I did the other night with you and many others at and sterling virtues—honesty, truthfulness, chastity,

the University of Utah, in listening to President Clark sobriety, temperance, industry, and thrift. Let us

on the subject of international affairs where he is a discard all covetousness and greed."(Conference

recognized authority, I go to learn and not to critiReport, April 1937.)

cize. It would be well if you would do more listening We heard him reply in answer to a question as to

to men of his stature and less criticizing."why he had put his life's savings into his presently

When I read the early Grantsville acclaim of their owned Grantsville ranch: "This is all I have to leave

forward strides in the purebred livestock industry, I to my family when I die, and if they are not too have 'little wonder but that this early example influlazy to work it, they won't starve. I have told them

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that when the first atomic bomb is dropped here in has man been so confused and frightened.

America, that they are to go out there on the ranch His independent nature and fearless defense of that and stay until it is over."This last seemed not only which in his heart he knows to be right, prompted

to be wise counsel, but also a prophecy. His only this recent utterance: "There is always a grave danger

son, J. Reuben Clark, III, is the family steward of lest we overregiment our Church leaders in their

this practical and foresighted legacy. responsibilities. Our objective today must be as it

Today as we visit him in his lovely, gracious old was in the days of the Prophet Joseph Smith, we home, kept so under the loving and unselfish ministrateach them correct principles and they govern themtions of his faithful daughter, Louise Clark Bennion, selves.'We must always emphasize the fact that our

and under the constantly concerned watchcare of leaders in stakes and wards and missions, as well as his other daughters, Marianne Clark Sharp and LuaGeneral Authorities, must constantly seek the Spirit cine Clark Fox who are nextdoor neighbors, we seem of the Lord and be guided always thereby in to be continually impressed with an abiding spiritual their work."

power beyond his own natural powers which prompts Wouldn't it be wonderful if all of us could say rare and precious pearls of wisdom which he imparts truthfully as we heard him say the other day: "I have

to those of us who pause to listen. committed no serious sins in my life, so I'm not

President Brigham Young has left us something afraid to meet my Maker. Whatever I have done

which seems to be especially true in the rich spiritual in my life, I can honestly say, 1 always did my best.'

and intellectual atmosphere which surrounds PresiHis reading habits may be summed up in one dent Clark as he approaches his ninetieth birthday: simple statement that always had been and is now his

"If we live our holy religion and let the Spirit reign, rule: "I never read anything not worth remembering."

it will never be dull or stupid, but, as the body Perhaps it would be fitting if I conclude this brief approaches dissolution, the spirit takes a firmer hold writing by repeating something which was said of on that enduring substance behind the veil, drawing him at a testimonial dinner given him by the officers from the depths of that Eternal Fountain of Spiritual of the Equitable Life Assurance Society of America

Light, sparkling gems of intelligence which surround in New York City in 1958 upon his retirement after the frail and sinking tabernacle with a halo of imtwenty-five years as a director of that society. In

mortal wisdom."(Journal of Discourses 9:288.) this brief statement may be summarized my appraisal

It is from this "Eternal Fountain of Spiritual Light"of what his life has exemplified to those of us who that we hear him say with conviction: "We must not know him intimately:

'businesscize'the Church. The Church must not be "You men have known him [President Clark] as

run like a business. We must never forget that the your fellow director principally for his attainments in

Church is the kingdom of God. In the Lord's sight, worldly affairs. You have glimpsed the workings of

all things are spiritual, and we would do well to keep his great mind. You have occasionally seen flashes

this in mind."He was reminding us again of what of his sterling qualities of character: his honesty,

someone else has said: "Rarely before has mankind sobriety, his virtue, his integrity.... When on occahad such urgent need for the guidance and healing sion you sound the depth of his soul you will find two

qualities of spiritual insight because rarely before dominant spiritual (Continued on page 689)

COMMEMORATION The past returns, the springs of time unwind,

A BIRTHDAY GREETING TO And all is present in the heart and mind

PRESIDENTS DAVID O. McKAY AND Of two great men whose lives of high endeavor,

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR., Conjoined in time, flow in the Gospel River

SEPTEMBER 1961 Out of a past of eighty years and more,

Approaching closely to a century's shore.

Now calm on high plateaus, the river waters,

Wide lands, producing fruit of sons and daughters

BY EDWARD HART Upright before God, of homes, of friends;

And where these waters touch, the desert ends.

For the stream of time that brought these brethren forth,

Prophetic in its true and ancient course,

Looks back to find the earth from chaos torn,

And looks ahead to see the future born.

SEPTEMBER 1961 633 And I can honestly say I've tried.

But it's difficult.

Sometimes my father and mother get the whole idea twisted and think they are training me. (But

anyone can see they are the ones who need it. At the

hospital I never had to wait for my food. I didn't

have to put on a stupid bonnet once. But here! )

Well, just to show you. Take today.

Here's the news on TV sounding off since morning about how serious everything in the world is... and

what have they got me doing?

"Pat-a-caking,"that's what. Twentynine times

so far.

Here's my mother... a grown woman, giving me

this "pat-a-cake"routine.

"Come on, little pumpkin"(!!*@H), she says to me,

"Pat-a-cake!"

And away we go. First she does it. Then I do it.

Then Mother and Father laugh at me. (He's worse

than she is! ) Then they do it. Then we do the whole

thing over again. I get so sick of "pat-a-caking."I'll

be glad when they pass through that stage.

And this "byebye"business. Talk about foolish.

THE GENTLE REFLECTIONS Todaythey nowhensoonerGrandpagot in theanddoorGrandmathan Mothercame tograbssee me,me

OF KAREN LOUISE out of the playpen and holds me up.

"Byebye,"she croons, "go byebye. Show them

by luacine clark fox Well. This has been a day. how you can go byebye."

Before I left the hospital, the nurse warned me that And they had barely arrived! What manners.

there would be days like this. But shall I tell you what really sends me? It's

"You wait, chubby,"she said as she tied me in. "All seeing my grandparents play "peek-a-boo."And at

this crying! Shame on you. You haven't seen anytheir age. I'm told some grandparents never outgrow

thing yet. Wait until your parents try to dress you. this habit, but just go on from one grandchild to anThen you can cry."other, "peek-a-booing"all the time. What an outlook

And she whisked a blanket around me, picked me for the future. No wonder TV newscasters are

up, and looked me squarely in the eye. worried about what lies ahead.

"Tell you what,"she whispered, "you just show 'em. All of this could be much worse, though, if I weren't

You give them the training of their lives. You let them the baby involved. With my looks and talents anyknow who's boss."thing is possible. (Even if I do have my greatWith that she tucked me onto the "chuckwagon"grandfather's chin... I don't know which one...

and away I rode to get my dinner. which grandfather, I mean, not which chin.)

I've never forgotten that. She told me. If ever a Yes, it could be worse. Even after today.

a finger stuck out in the right direction, she pointed They feed me well and often. (They're strong on

the way. vegetables, but I can always push the spoon away.)

—Photographs by L Maian Heslop From a fashion standpoint, I would prefer something more sophisticated. (What they put me in now

is for the birds!) An offthe-face hat or something

like that would be more my type than a scratchy bonnet.

But even after today I'm going to keep my parents.

I'd hate to have to start out all over again with another set. Anyway, there's quite a waiting list, I hear.

I'm getting used to my family. They're young and

inexperienced, but (Continued on page 666)

To Give Our Children Roots and Wings %

BY LARUE C. LONGDEN

SECOND COUNSELOR, GENERAL PRESIDENCY YWMIA

As we contemplate the word "roots,"I think of my Youth we read: "It was recommended that all leisuregarden at home. We have all kinds of roots there: a time programs for children and youth include experipussy willow tree that we have been nurturing for ences directed toward the goal of heightening their

several seasons so that now it is strong enough to understanding of God, His power as a Supreme Being, stand on its own; a beautiful lilac bush that didn't their relationship to Him and to their fellow men."

make it because something happened to its roots, This is what you in the many facets of the Mutual and they never grew strong enough to push a healthy Improvement Associations program can do so beautililac bush up into the world. I think of our luxuriant fully, so subtly, so surely for the youth of the world.

lawn. Folk tell us it looks like green velvet, but it Your writing, your thinking, your talking, your very

takes constant care to keep the roots of bad weeds lives can set the tone for their tomorrows.

from pushing out the tender roots of the soft green To achieve the heights would seem especially aplawn. So, might I suggest that as we achieve the propriate in this atomic, nuclear age. Certainly,

heights in our planning, we plan to nurture in our Sputnik, Atlas, Polaris, and all the others bear witness youth good strong roots, firmly planted in the good to the heights achieved in scientific areas. Sciensoil of wholesome beliefs, in the belief in the dignity tifically and materially we are giants, but spiritually,

of the individual, roots in clean, wholesome lives spent morally, and integritywise, I think we are not.

in the service of others—roots in all the worthwhile Scientifically, we are all thankful to be living

things this world offers. As for wings, I submit that today. We've given our children luxuries which now

only those with good firm roots can know anything they list under the heading of necessities. We've

about wings or the soaring of spirits that comes from given them all these material blessings, and I'm glad true happiness, from security, and from the "peace we have; but as I look back over threescore years, I

that passeth understanding"—all results of a good find it isn't these material things for which I am

spiritual background. most thankful. They are neither roots to my faith

From the recommendations of the composite report nor wings for my achievements. I hope we gave our

of findings of the 1960 White House Conference on children the glorious feeling of security I had as a young girl because of being part of a beautifully

Excerpted from an address given at the National Children's Theater spiritual home—a home presided over by a mother

Education Conference, Division of American Theater Association, Denver, and father who loved each other and who took theirColorado.

SEPTEMBER 1961 635 parenthood seriously, who had a terrific sense of may through our teaching, our writing, our directing, humor which taught us by osmosis, I'm sure to be our planning, our acting—through whatever we do or

able to laugh at ourselves—not at others. And we say—provide happy, spiritual experiences for our

were taught that we are our brothers'keepers, that precious young folk.

we are here to serve others—our fellow men—that it Cicero said many years ago, "What our children

isn't so important what happens to us, but how we feel from us is more important than what we say."

take what happens. We were taught that there is a That is because we sense, we feel with our spirits and

Supreme Being, our Father in heaven, that he loves if my spirit in the presence of your spirit knows there us and, regardless of what happens in our lives, his is a spark of love and understanding that has been

Spirit will sustain us, and we will be able to pull generated because of our meeting, then the rapport through all our experiences if we will but keep our which exists between us will be that of deep, abiding lives in tune with him. faith in each other, a desire to do good things to

It all sounds so very simple, doesn't it? Through please each other—to please someone higher than we

death, through financial reverses, through thick and are. There are already many such leaders—and I say

thin, this has been my root. Today in our complex, God bless them—but the world needs many more.

fastmoving society it becomes increasingly difficult to Let's define what I mean by a spiritual experience.

keep our lives rooted in these simple, worthwhile Each time I see a new baby, my heart swells in me verities—a spiritual approach to life, where on all and I think, What a miracle! A young medical

sides materialism makes its bid. student told me the other day he had been allowed

If we are to have roots and wings, I believe all of to see his own baby son born. Surely, he had all the

us must feel some spiritual force in our lives—must answers from the books. He knew what it was all

have a belief in a Supreme Being. This would inabout and how babies are born, but actually to see a

clude everyone but the godless, and I can't believe baby come to this mortal sphere! He said, "It was a

there are too many of them—especially children. This miracle! Unbelievable! I shall never forget it—at

is my premise: I know that there is a God, that you least, I hope I never shall forget that one precious,

and I are his children, that he loves us, that he hears miraculous moment when my son breathed!"

and answers our prayers. I'm sure that he must get There are many spiritual experiences that all of us

pretty upset at what some of us are doing with the have had: the first word! Is there a mother, father,

free agency he gave us when he sent us to this earth. aunt, uncle, brother, sister, or anyone who doesn't

But that's where good leaders come in, isn't it, to get a lump in the throat at the ability of a tiny one help others to understand the proper use of this free to master the first word? The first step. If you think

agency, to provide for the children of the world experithat isn't a spiritual experience, you see one of your ences enriching spiritually, quickening mentally, maown beloveds stricken with polio and unable to take turing emotionally, unifying socially; experiences a step. Know that she is soon to deliver her third

which help children to "realize their full potential for baby. Then, you watch that same darling months

a creative life in freedom and dignity"? To achieve later learn again to take her first step! Your spirit

this purpose, we must provide them with good leaders. nearly pushes itself out of your body. That's spiritual!

Today, as always, we need good leaders, teachers, There are so many—the first day at school, a graduawriters, directors, producers, dramatists—we could use tion, a recital, a bride or groom, any clean, sweet

more good parents!—enough good spiritual men and experience—friend meeting friend, a snowfall, a spring

women that the next generation and the next may be day. You name it. If it's clean, praiseworthy, and

firmly rooted in worthwhile knowledge and belief, good, it has spirituality. Many TV and radio prothat they may fly as on wings of angels to achieve the grams have great spiritual import. These experiences

heights which are beckoning them on all sides. We are around us every day. They are happening to us.

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our young must be made aware of them. They

must not be ashamed to cry because of sheer joy or sorrow. They must learn to laugh unashamedly, to

sing at the top of their voices. We must teach them

that "... men are, that they might have joy."

We should all give thought and do some real ground work in planning ways of upgrading the development of the souls of boys and girls. I submit that this is

possible if we will help them understand the importance of the individual—one boy, one girl, one

man, one woman. This one has the potential of

leading whole nations into right thinking and worthwhile living. This you can help them to know. The

very young are basically endowed with a desire to please their parents, to believe in a Supreme Being, and it is most simple for the young to pray to him and express heartfelt wishes, thoughts, and desires. It is

when oldsters give them false concepts of life, when adults disappoint them by their actions, when the lack of our own integrity shows through that the young begin to form wrong opinions and start wrong practices, thus ending on wrong paths. James Barrie

said to a group of Oxford students at one time, "The speck of success is within you. Rembrandt developed

his speck into a master painter. Lincoln made his

speck grow into an immortal statesman."

Charles P. Steinmetz, that great electrical wizard

who has left so much to posterity in a scientific way, said, "Spiritual power is a force which history clearly teaches has been the greatest force in the development of man. Yet we have been merely playing

with it and have never really studied it as we have the physical forces. Some day people will learn that

material things do not bring happiness and are of little use in making people creative and powerful.

Then the scientists of the world will turn their laboratories over to the study of spiritual forces which have hardly been scratched."Through us, our young folk must learn

Drama is an integral part of our every day. Drama of their Master.

is so vivid. It makes its point so beautifully. Whether Through us, integrity must

it be a good point or a bad point, that is in our hands. be born anew.

For many years as a young girl I had sung "Come, come, ye Saints, no toil nor labor fear, but with joy wend your way,"and, [Continued on page656)

SEPTEMBER 1961 637

The September morning was dewy on top and golden brown at the edges; it was

a day to be treasured! My little family and I were drinking in the goodness of

life as we rolled along the treelined streets. All the fifteen miles of wellkept

suburban beauty tarried a strange anticipation for Judy, myself, and our small masculine trio. We actually were going at last to visit Helen and Walt in their

spanking new home.

Everyone of us was decked out in white duck slacks and blue shirts—the three

scrubbed boys dangled their short legs off the back seat, sunburned faces shining like clean plates. My Judy glowed like a sophomore, and I was a mighty

proud man!

A small uneasiness kept nibbling away at my thoughts though; not anything

worldshaking, you know, but still, well, nagging. You see, my name is just

plain Tom, and I have a job as a checker in Smitty's Super Store. All through the

week, I restock shelves and check put tons of groceries, and life is wonderful.

Oh, now and then, I could throw a wire cart at Mrs. Gripe. On her it would look

good. But I smile and invite each customer to come again—and I'm really sincere.

But more and more I am bothered, and especially when Walt's name comes up.

So, even though it was my day off, and I was real proud of my family, I still had a low feeling inside.

Walt and I had been high school pals, and the girls we married were friends in the same town, so we had always made a foursome—even after seven years of

marriage for all of us. Before Korea we spent many Saturday's picnicking to-

l@Gfl ffl BY EVELYN K. LEONARDSON

gether. Of course, during those times Judy and I were helping populate the

nation, Helen and Walt were engrossed even more in planning for the wonderful home which now was completely finished. And who could deny that a top

flight architect like Walt shouldn't live in his own showcase?

Walt and 1 were alike in main ways, and life held great meaning for both of us, yet slowly, it seemed we were growing farther apart. Judy and I felt a

sort of pang now and then, for we, too, had a few dreams in our pockets about owning a real home.

I remember a half dozen times when blond, vivacious Helen had laughingly remarked:

"Well, you two parents just go right on being enthusiastic about your developments. Walt and I have family plans too—(Continued on page 688)

SEPTEMBER 1961 839 1. General YWMIA President Bertha S.

Reeder and SecretaryTreasurer Helena

W. Larson with a group of girls during

a twoday youth conference in Tampere, Finland.

2. In traditional dress, three young women, Kirsti, Leena, and Tuulikki Passila

( left to right ) are sisters who are a part

Vmk MENEN JA TEEN,MITA of a family of eleven.

HERRA ON KASKENYT, SILLA MINATIEDAN,ETTEI HERRA 7 will go and do the things which hathANNAMTAM KA5KYJA IHMIS- 3.the"...Lord commanded, for I know

LAPSILLE VALMISTAMATTA that the Lord giveth no commandments

HEILLE MAHDOLLISUUTTA SUOunto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may

RITTAASITA,MITAHAN, accomplish the thing which he comKASKEE ffiDAN TEHDA.'196162mandeth them."MIA theme(1 Nephiunveiled3:7.) byThea

YMMIA superintendent and a YWMIA president at Tampere, Finland.

4. Group of young people in the North

Mexican Mission participating in a musical program at annual youth conference.

5. Two young people in the North Mexican Mission receive awards for good

teaching in MIA.

6. At a reception for the governor of

Tahiti, the Mama Ruau perform Aparima (hand dancing). The Papa

Ruau join with them in singing Himene

Tarava. Young men dance Maori Hakas'

(war dances).

7. Group of young Maori women perform at Tauranga youth conference in

New Zealand.

8. Scots brethren fellowship at an MIA

conference held at Filey, Yorkshire,

England.

9. Young Welsh women attend youth

conference at Filey, Yorkshire, recently.

IN THE MISSIONS

JOHN G. KINNEAR

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

If there is one slogan that most cerBritain, for example, baseball has posed of ten men, all converts to the tainly applies to the effect of the been the means of increased bapChurch. Half of the team credit

Mutual Improvement Associations in tisms of young men and their their first interest in the Church to helping make missionary contacts in families. the athletic program of MIA. Many

the sixtyfour mission fields throughTwo elders in Wales began one others in other missions throughout out the world, it is: "They Come to successful baseball program as a the world testify to the same influPlay and Stay to Pray."novel part of an MIA class activity. ence of athletics in interesting and

Across the nation and around the In cricketplaying Britain, the game keeping them active in the Church.

globe, the various programs of MIA proved to be a fascinating attraction Other phases of the MIA program have been responsible for the conto neighboring youth. The elders are as equally effective in missionary

version to the Church of many inoffered to teach interested young work. For young boys, the MIA

vestigators. Interest in the Church men if they would live the Church scouting program is a powerful inof many nonmembers has been "health rules"and obey the team's fluence in the lives of many people

kindled while playing, studying, and ethical standards. After the game, who are directly involved as Scouts

praying with uplifting associates in the participants would sit down and or indirectly involved as parents.

wholesome environments. hear a gospel lesson. The elders In the Northern California Mission

No matter what the country or would then approach the parents a young man introduced into a culture is like, thousands of wonand arrange to teach the whole famNevada MIA Scout group by a derful people find joy while particiily as a family unit. young convert friend read half of

pating in athletics, young women's Soon, the program spread to inthe Book of Mormon by the time sports, dances, drama, speech, and clude the entire British and North the local elders had given him his class study with those who believe British missions. Teams were formed third lesson. The elders, who had

that "... men are, that they might wherever elders labored. Some contacted this boy while at an MIA

have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) elders kept two or three teams gomeeting, baptized him in April this

In mingling with the Saints, ining at once because the demand was year. His mother, who is also investigators and friends are drawn so great. The teams were entered terested in the Church, is especially

into closer orbit with the Spirit and in district, tridistrict, missionwide, thrilled with her son's activity in with many of those in whose lives it and then United Kingdom playoffs. MIA.

operates. And as they grow and In July and August 1960, 1,111 Two boys in one family in the

improve themselves, they touch the convert baptisms were recorded in Northern California Mission were lives of their families, friends, and the two British missions. Many of presented their First Class Scout

associates and often bring them into these were a direct result of the MIA award at a Court of Honor held dithe same sphere of appreciation for baseball program. rectly following their baptism. Bethe Church. Basketball has also attracted much cause of the influence of scouting

Each department and each acinterest in the Church all over the and MIA in their lives, five of the tivity is responsible for developing world. In South Africa, Australia, seven members of their family were

interest in MIA and the Church. and many other areas this sport has baptized. The two remaining memEach has a place in reaching into been the cause of many participants bers, too young for baptism, were

the lives of people of all ages. and spectators becoming investiblessed.

For young men, athletics has gators of the Church. In the Eastern States Mission,

become a tremendous influence in In the Great Lakes Mission in the President Ronald Jess of the Wynote making contacts and converts and in United States, the winning team in Branch was impressed by the argufellowshiping new members. In the 1961 mission playoffs was comment of ( Continued on page 672

SEPTEMBER 1961 641 CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCHSCHOOL SYSTEM

BY RICHARD H. HENSTROM

INSTRUCTOR IN SPEECH. CHAIRMAN

OFFCAMPUS INSTRUCTION BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

The education of man has always been of prime import both to God and man. It has warranted

revelations from heaven. The need for a vibrant

education has long been a subject of importance to academicians, philosophers, and in some fields rulers.

Today, education is no less important; in fact, we

now find ourselves possessing the greatest learning and power the world has ever known.

In spite of this great accumulation of knowledge, we seem to lack the necessary wisdom to use itEDUCATION righteously. It also appears that the world has put a

limitation on the eternal value of education.

What is the great and noble purpose of education?

Why should man desire to advance and continue his quest for knowledge? Only in the teachings of TERNAL the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints does

one find the light that truly motivates an individual and gives substance to the idea that man should 1?QCTA1VT continue his education.P"DAfXQ

The soul of every individual is of inestimable value in the eyes of the Lord. There is an inherent worth

and dignity to be accorded every individual, but his ultimate advancement or progression depends on how he uses the basic materials given to him by his

Creator. Since its founding, the Church has advocated

that learning and literacy are worthy objectives because, "The glory of God is intelligence."(D&C

93:36.) In order to understand better the philosophy that motivates the Latterday Saint in his desire for education, let us review that period of existence prior to mortality. All of us are the offspring of Deity;

that is, we are literally children—sons and daughters—

who were given spiritual birth by our Father in heaven. We have inherited the potential intelligence

and light that dwell with God. In other words, it is

possible for us to become like God because the potential to Godhood is existent in every person born on the earth. If we are his children, why are we not

automatically like God? Why must we learn by

experience and by work in order to receive a little here and a little there? This is beautifully explained

by Orson Pratt in the following quotation:

"The Lord does not entrust a fulness of light to any of his creatures in this world, not even his own sons

and daughters have this privilege, while in this mortal 11:287, 288.)

state of existence. It seems to be in accordance with Part of our education process took place in that

the great purpose of Jehovah, to place his own chilpre-mortal existence, for there we also had our free dren here in this creation and impart to them a very agency. We had choices to make, and it appears that

small degree of light and truth. They are required to we there earned and developed many of the talents

improve upon this degree of light, adding thereunto displayed by us individually in this life. These were

understanding, knowledge and truth. Some, in regifts of God. It is wise to remember that all of us

flecting upon this subject, might ask the questions: born into mortality kept our first estate, by proving

'If the Lord is an almighty being, possessing all power ourselves to be valiant as spirit children of God. At

and is full of intelligence, knowledge and truth, and that time we were granted the great privilege of being if we are his children, why did he not impart into us born into our mortal existence whereby we could be the fulness of this light in the beginning of our existtested in our second estate. This is part of our

ence in this world? Why should he give us little by education—our continuing educational process. All of

little? Why are we not born with an understanding God's children will be given the opportunity to learn

of all things past all things present and all things to the important lessons. What we should remember is

come?'To my mind these questions are easily anthat this is our time for learning. Where much is

swered. The Lord designed, in placing his children given, much is expected, and where little is given,

here upon this creation, that they should not only little is expected. In other words, no one should pity

attain to great knowledge and understanding, and or bemoan his seeming lack of natural intelligence, wisdom, but that they should show themselves aphis physical incapacity, his social status, or material proved in every sphere in which they might be placed. possessions, but he should determine early to do all

Where little is given, but little will be required. And within his power to grow and progress and develop,

having determined in his own purpose and mind that using that which he does possess to the fullest extent.

they should be agents to themselves, he designed to We all have some handicaps to overcome. Also, it

try them in their agency, with a small degree of light should be remembered that learning is a natural and truth at first, to see how they woidd act in relaresult of hard work, and it would be a mistake to tion to the degree of intelligence given; in other relax into a state of inaction in this life based upon

words, to see whether they would make a good use of the idea that all things will be made easy for us in the same, exercising their agency in doing that which some future existence.

is right, cleaving to that which is good, and resisting The inherent or intrinsic worth of every individual evil of every kind. And then having been found is firmly established in the eyes of God—all are loved

worthy, he would impart a greater degree of light, by him and of equal value in his sight. We may be

and impart to them greater knowledge concerning called to various positions of service in the Church, himself, and his purposes, and his ways, and the works but we all have the same promise of "immortality and of his hands. If we were created with a fulness of eternal life,"according to our faithfulness. We need

knowledge, it would be very difficult for us to connot be discouraged if all of us are not bishops or ceive how it could be possible to use this agency apostles or high priests. At the same time, we need

properly before the Lord. It is true we would be not be disheartened because all of us are not talented

placed in possession of a vast amount of information in the arts, do not possess the ability to cope with the concerning the past, present and future, but being rapid advances of science, or are unable to feel at agents to ourselves we might, peradventure, use this home in the field of mathematics. We would be wise,

knowledge in a manner to do great injury.. Therefore however, to struggle in our areas of weakness trying

the Lord determined that we should only be into strengthen our understanding of these things. Our

structed with a little information, and with an agency seeming weaknesses in learning need not be comto use it according to his mind and will."( Orson Pratt, pletely neglected as we ( Continued on page 658

SEPTEMBER 1961 643 Last evening my fiveyear-old son and I stood by the stake. The two girls soon learned to walk and work

side of the road and watched the youths traipse off to as one.

Mutual. Someday to be a Boy Scout has become an The MIA leader had, in the meantime, obtained

important goal of achievement in Stephen Michael's phonograph records and other supplies for missionary life. I thought I understood the MIA program. work among the blind. Now, Diane heard for the

But this morning there have come to me some refirst time the story of Joseph Smith and the pioneer ports. Could this be Mutual? Of course it could trek to Utah. She heard LDS hymns sung by the

be, and it is, for has not the Lord said: "Wherefore, Tabernacle Choir. A whole new life was opening

verily I say unto you that all things are spiritual, and for this child.

not at any time have I given unto you a law which was Then came the glorious time at camp. It was all

temporal...."(D&C 29:34.) anyone ever dreamed and more. The last night in

Let's look at those reports again that bring into camp an impromptu program was held. Just as the

sharp focus a littleknown facet of MIA being carried closing prayer was announced, a small clear voice was forward by dedicated personnel: heard: Diane was singing the words she had heard

from the records. She had chosen one verse only:

Quite by accident an MIA leader became aware of "Why should we mourn or think our lot is hard?

Diane who was attending the school for the blind.

'Tis not so; all is right.

Although Diane was a member, she did not know anyWhy should we think to earn a great reward,thing about the Church. Her father was inactive; her

If we now shun the fight?

mother was not a member. It was fortyfive minutes

Gird up your loins; fresh courage take;

out of the leader's way to call for Diane on Mutual Our God will never us forsake;

nights, but Diane's attitude more than repaid for the

And soon we'll have this tale to telltime. The challenge came that every girl should have All is well! All is well!"

a church camping experience. But what could a blind There was not a dry eye in the camp as she finished

girl do in camp? The bishop discouraged the thinking singing.

of the leader in Diane's case. At a meeting at home she said: "For the first time

The leader contacted Diane's parents who agreed in my life, light has come into my world of darkness."

that Beehive camp would probably be wonderful She is now working toward her Mia Joy award. But

for Diane if her safety could be assured. On a second more than that, her father's indifference is mellowing,

visit with the bishop he agreed that Diane should have and her mother's fears of being "preached"to are that experience—if someone could be found to be her calmed, and Diane is telling her younger brothers and

eyes. Such a mature girl was finally located in the sisters the wonderful stories of the Church because

SHARING THE Jane did not desire to say the blessing... and openly ridiculed the practice. GOSPEL IN

P!

BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.,

RESEARCH EDITOR

she "sees"the truth. All because an MIA leader was a new Jane that came home to her family.

desired that every girl should partake of the entire At the family meal Jane said: "Daddy, in camp

program! we learned to bow our heads and give thanks for

# w the food we are about to eat. I don't think I could

In northern Utah Jane came from a partmember eat mine without first blessing it. May I please say

family, whose father wouldn't allow any church a blessing for us?"

activity, but gave his permission for Jane to attend The father scowled, put down his fork, and said:

camp because she "couldn't learn anything there that "Go ahead and bless it."

would hurt her."Later that night Jane said: "In camp we in our group

The first meal there was almost a downfall, because all knelt in family prayer to thank the Lord for his

Jane, following the example of her home, did not blessings that day and to ask for his protection through desire to say the blessing on the food, and openly the night. Don't we need his protection, Daddy? I

ridiculed the practice, stating that the main thing was don't think I can go to sleep without it."

to eat until you were full. Sensing the real problem, The father allowed the prayers but did not join in

the counselor talked privately to each of the seven them. As the weeks unfolded, Jane had her mother

other girls, and they agreed to try to be an example and brothers and sisters taking turns in voicing the to Jane and make their six days in camp something prayers.

special for her. That was Monday. During the week About six months after Jane had returned from

all went well. camp, she came to breakfast, bowed her head to say

About noon Friday, Jane disappeared. No one knew the blessings, and was startled then thrilled to hear

where she had gone or why. The counselor assigned her father saying: "Our Father in heaven, we give

the girls an activity and then asked another counselor thanks unto thee for this food...."

to join her in her search for Jane. After considerable Today Jane's father is a member of the bishopric

searching, they found her in a clearing in the woods. in the ward in which they live. And it all started

And Jane was crying. "Nothing is wrong... everywhen Jane went to camp.

thing is right, now,"she said. "I came here because I # # #

thought it must be something like the place Joseph Two sisters, both Mia Maid age, had heard their went when he gave his first prayer."She had found nextdoor neighbor girl discuss "the game"with her

peace in her first prayer. mother. The three girls went to the same school, and

That evening Jane asked the blessing on the food, the sisters knew that it wasn't a school activity, and and when bedtime came, she offered the prayer for one day they asked the girl. It was a ward volleythe group. When camp broke up on Saturday, it ball team. ( Continued on page 664

a X 0Q*>:. Mii

JT"

/ J

f i>

'V- First Assistant General Superintendent G. Carlos d

Smith of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association, who was released at the afternoon session of June conference, June 9, 1961, was called in May by the First Presidency to preside over the Central

States Mission. He succeeds President Samuel R.

Carpenter in this capacity. Mission headquarters are

at Independence, Missouri.

tendent Joseph T. Bentley in the Mutual for slightly G. Carlos Smith Elder Smith had served with General Superinover three years. In May 1958 he had been appointed

Second Assistant General Superintendent. That fall,

First Assistant, Dyer, Alvin R. Elder was was who leaves YMMIA of called to Assistant the the Twelve, Council as an

and on January 19, 1959, Elder Smith was set apart as post to First(ElderAssistantDyer, a formerGeneralpresidentSuperintendentof the Centralof the StatesMIA.

Mission, now serves as president of the European

Mission.) At that time Elder Marvin J. Ashton was

called as second assistant. He now becomes first head mission

assistant to Superintendent Bentley.

Elder Smith brought with him to the general superintendency many years of church service experience and now will carry that rich background to his assignment in the mission field. As an MIA executive

he has an intimate knowledge of the relationship of the Mutual program to the other programs and activities of the Church. This will enable him to be

forceful in presenting the MIA to the priesthood leadership in the Church.

G. Carlos Smith came to the general superintendency of the Mutual as a stake president. He was

president of Holladay Stake since its creation in

March 1956, before that he served as president of

Cottonwood Stake for six years and of Big Cottonwood Stake for one year. One of his neighbors

recalls that the stake president took time out from his busy schedule to qualify as an Eagle Scout. He

loves young people and their activities. During his

high school days and for three years at Utah State

University he was active in football, basketball, baseball, and swimming.

He is a spiritual giant and a tenacious individual who believes with all his heart and soul in the programs of the Church and in the counsel of the presiding brethren. He is a great family man.

A native of Salt Lake City, he married LaVon

Petersen of Holladay in the Salt Lake Temple, March 16, 1933. They have five children. Their two youngest children, Susan and Nanette, will accompany their

parents on this mission assignment.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA | Up through the ranks of the priesthood and other

Church activities has come Verl F. Scott who was

sustained June 9, as second assistant general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association of the Church.

Born in Hinckley, Utah, the son of Frank A. and

Ruby Palmer Scott, he grew up in Murray, Utah.

His university training was interrupted in December 1940, to accept a call to the Western States his as ten spent mission he months

Curtis. Later Elbert R. Verl F. Scott missionMission. secretaryDuring to President

he was district president at Scottsbluff, Nebraska.

called to intoFourmilitarymonthsservice,after beingApril 1943.released,Afterhe wastrainingcalledin

California, Oklahoma, and Georgia he saw service in the Philippines, and at war's end served with the occupation troops in Japan. His assignments took YMMIA him to the G-4 Section of GHQAFPACwhich was

General MacArthur's headquarters in Tokyo. All

Superintendency alongactivities.the Hewayis henowparticipateda member inof theLDSUtahservicemen'sNational

Guard, currently holding the rank of major.

Pie married Arline Martindale in the Salt Lake

Temple February 14, 1946. Shortly thereafter he was

released from the service and went on to complete his college work.

In 1948 he became advertising director of The

Improvement Era and served as acting business manager from 1954 to 1956 when he succeeded the late

John D. Giles as business manager.

In the Church he has served variously in the

Mutual Improvement Association and Sunday School on the ward and stake level. He was a member of the

YMMIA general board a short time before General

Superintendent George Q. Morris was released.

In 1948 he became assistant stake clerk of the East

Mill Creek Stake in the Salt Lake City area, and in

JW 1950 he became a member of the high council. He

was sustained as bishop of the Highland View Ward,

East Mill Creek Stake, June 28, 1953. The ward was

engrossed in a building program, and the building mm was dedicated June 24, 1956. Four months later,

October 28, 1956, he was sustained president of the newly created Canyon Rim Stake. Two buildings

have been dedicated in that stake since that time, and a large stake ranch has been purchased and put into operation as a welfare project. Canyon Rim

Stake has been consistently high among the stakes in the Church's activity reports.

The Scotts have six daughters and one son.

The Improvement Era joins the Church in welcoming Elder Scott to his appointment as Second

Assistant General Superintendent of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association.

SEPTEMBER 1961 647 "The Girls'Program is a program of love, of sensitive awareness, of recognition, of discernment. It is

a program of knowing girls and their problems in a difficult world and of helping them. It is a program of young

and wholesome amusement, of social training, a program that gives our girls wise and understanding guidance, that tries through all of our resources to bring all girls to beautiful, clean, joyous womanhood."So states the new

YWMIA Girls 9 Program booklet just off the press. (It has

been sent to each bishop and stake president, and each

YWMIA executive has found it banded with the current

Executive Manual.)

Since the Girls'Program was first given to the

YWMIA as its special charge, everyone has worked wholeheartedly to make it a success. Percentages mirror attendance at MIA, Sunday School, and Sacrament meeting

that it is succeeding: the overall average percentage for

girls in 1950 was 55 percent and by 1961 it was 60 percent.

These are mere figures, but they indicate accurately the many, many girls who have been brought into activity, have enjoyed Church opportunities, or who have been converted primarily through the Girls'Program and its facets.

In the YWMIA files in Salt Lake City are hundreds of testimonial letters such as these: "In one of our wards

there lived, about two or three years ago, a beautiful girl who belonged to another church. She began coming

to Mutual with some LDS girl friends. She also attended

Sacrament meeting occasionally, which her parents didn't mind, but they insisted that she attend Sunday School in their church. It wasn't long before the girl became

interested in the individual awards that some of her friends were earning and she, too, wanted to have one.

The parents listened to her request and her explanation of the award requirements and granted her permission to attend all the necessary meetings and participate in the required activities. She earned her award and shortly

thereafter asked for baptism. Her parents gave their

permission when she assured her father that she would live the church's principles and be a fine, outstanding member. The girl was baptized and has since married a

splendid young man in the temple. The Church

gained a true member through the Girls'Program!

"If you could sit on a rock for more than four hours in a testimony meeting early on a

Saturday morning during the summer, without breakfast, and hear girl after girl voluntarily rise to her feet and express herself so sweetly, often tearfully, and in many cases for the first time, you would know personally of the Girls'

Program in our stake—inactive and active girls

alike, nonmembers and members all doing, living, and learning together. The results are far more

than mere words can tell. To have life and its

beauties presented in positive ways as the program calls for is of greatest value. The dean of

girls in one of our high schools was baptized recently because she had been so influenced by students who she learned were LDS that she investigated the Church. It is a rather common

remark in our city that schoolteachers can tell who of their students are LDS by their speech and actions. In my humble opinion, the MIA

and the Girls'Program have no equal."

The Girls'Program is so wiuch an integral part of the YWMIA that often it passes almost mmmunnoticed as such. Each class leader has the

primary responsibility to get in touch with all of 1,. Jill fta? girls (allher the age group of her class who of 1'."'i'.lidiV 'v.'i ill!', '6'V.*i'il>tr.mmmf;''it,i-"tillAw it II?>** '-'4mil'MAi*\>{m m<\ livingare in the or ward whose are recommends Hi tapiiiitw.\wy J

there) and to invite them to MIA and the other! 'iM<:nvi:-mmmm-;*< fain $Mn'vh [::;mm 'mitn-i%iwmmMW'Church meetings and activities. She will, of

course, try to make each class so very interesting that the girl will not only enjoy it but want to come every time. If a girl doesn't come to class, jjpiW; Mii|i i:;:Juvi!\!.-;.:i Pll ffi I

the teacher tries to discover why. Is she bashful, Mil iHHf WH H][ H!! i u f f fflffli if

ill at ease with the other girls? Is she seemingly,

"sophisticated,"and beyond such things as

Church and awards? Is there opposition or disinterest from her parents?

Whatever the (Continued on page 660) spirt Wip) ji imBplffHljlp H I

The "helps"and "governments"mentioned by the

Apostle Paul have an active counterpart today in Modern helps the general boards of the Mutual Improvement

Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Paul told the Corinthian saints such "helps"and and "governments"were set up by God to assist the apostles.

His words to the Ephesians on church organization Governments made it plain that church officers and teachers of which he spoke were installed for a definite purpose—

"for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ."

(Eph. 4:12.)

BY GEORGE L. SCOTT These, he said, should remain, "Till we all come

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the The officers of these first MIA organizations travSon of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of eled to other settlements in Utah helping them orthe stature of the fulness of Christ."(Ibid., 13.) ganize and giving them the benefit of their experiences

The church auxiliary organizations function as aids in the first years of MIA work. They were virtually

to the priesthood in accomplishing the purpose of the MIA general boards in embryo.

Church. Each auxiliary general board is appointed At the time both MIA organizations were functionunder the direction of the First Presidency. ing in 1878, there were twenty stakes and approxiThey act in an advisory capacity and as a central mately 250 wards organized among the 140,000 people

planning agency for wards, stakes, and missions, servin the territory of Utah.

ing under the priesthood in advancing the general The Church, with a present population of more than program of the Church. 1,700,000 members, numbers more stakes now than

The years have marched swiftly by since the foundthere were wards in that day. More than 330 stakes

ing days of the auxiliaries. Problems and programs and approximately 3,000 wards and independent

have matched steps with commendable results. branches are spread over the United States, Canada,

Teaching young men the art of public speaking so Mexico, Hawaii, New Zealand, and the continents of they could better perform their duties as missionaries Australia and Europe.

was the main reason President Brigham Young As the Church grows, the First Presidency looks to directed Junius F. Wells to call a meeting in the Salt the general boards to add capable and welltrained

Lake City 13th Ward Chapel on June 10, 1875, to members to their own ranks, thus meeting demands of organize the Young Men's Mutual Improvement the rising church population. It is their duty always

Association—a name which seems to have been chosen to "help"the priesthood "govern"by keeping their

by President Young. auxiliary organizations in tune with church doctrine

Five years before this event Brigham Young had enand moral standards.

trusted Eliza R. Snow to call the women of his own A check of the Young Men's and Young Women's

household together and form the Young Ladies deMIA general boards brings interesting facts to light.

partment of the Cooperative Retrenchment AssociThere are now a total of 117 members on both ation, dealing with dress and conduct. boards, 58 on the YWMIA and 59 on the YMMIA.

President Young did not live to see the RetrenchParenthood has come to 91 of their number, totaling ment Association become the churchwide Young 379 children and 382 grandchildren. These board

Ladies Mutual Improvement Association to match the members have filled a total of 58 missions and have

YMMIA. sent 32 of their children on missions to date.

This was done on September 14, 1878 by Eliza R. This record of family life and missionary work gives

Snow at the request of President John Taylor. them the needed experience to understand youth and

parenthood as they establish courses of study to guide the membership of MIA.

They have held Church offices of every description, piling up an impressive 4,221 years of service and experience in the Church.

The service chart of MIA board members shows three of them have been mission presidents, three stake presidents, 23 have served in the bishoprics, 19 high councilmen, and 6 mission Relief Society presidents.

Those called on missions have been in many parts of the world, ranging from South Africa to Temple

Square and from Norway to New Zealand.

The tabulation also shows 40 have worked in priesthood offices, 72 on stake MIA boards, 81 in ward MIA callings, 19 on stake Sunday School boards, 79 in ward Sunday Schools, 23 in stake and ward Primary \ -:.,.:,:-

Association work, 23 in stake and ward Relief Society,

SEPTEMBER 1961 651 3 in genealogy, 10 organists, and 12 geology, and even ventriloquism find missions, particularly to communist choristers. a niche in other busy schedules. East Germany."

Educational attainments of memMembers of the Young Women's Comments from YWMIA board bers on both boards include 41 general board included less vigorous members included:

Bachelor of Arts degrees, 30 Bachhobbies on their lists. The music "My most thrilling memory was

elor of Science, one Bachelor of Law, bracket named organ, piano, record meeting and talking to 90 Mia 27 Masters'degrees and 14 Doctors collecting, and composition. Stamp Maids in New Zealand, most of them

of Arts and Sciences. collections, gardening, creative writMaori children"; "receiving a 20year

This background has been the ing, Utah history, literature, photogservice pin for MIA drama"; "The 23

basis for a wide variety of occuparaphy, and dramatics interested years spent so far on the general tions among YMMIA board memothers.cooking, Sewing,and homeknitting,decorationsceramics, boardpeopleareon priceless,each boardworkingand enjoyingwith thebers. These include professorships

to their testimonies domestic scene, while the helped the in addition Universityat Brigham Young and flying, skiing, archaeology, testimonies of these hunand wonderful ofUniversity Utah, business executives in department stores, insurance dancing attracted other devotees. dreds of young people we visit";

in years told drama. as of 20 into the "being baptized a convert Oneagents, editorial promotion and

activities has of range This especially mission wide Church and myworkers, public school seminary and satisfying to thouanswers provided gospel"; contacts the accepted whenteachers, architects, composers, designers, civil service employees, Boy sands of ward and stake workers "being the wife of a bishop"; "workScouts of America officers, building ing as a secretary in the Church

contractors, an athletic coach, and Office Building for many years and associating the outstanding with MAGICtax researchers, to name only part WALKIETALKIE in First Presithe who served TAYLOR men BY SUE THOMPSON list.of the

dency and the Council of the The experience of housewives, Twelve"; "speaking at MIA firesides,

schoolteachers, and secretaries preTiny music boxes to lead youth discussions and help dominate in the occupations of YW Roam about at will; them clarify their views and stanMIA board members. Others know First, they're in a corner, dards."

of bookkeepers,the problems talents, in business, equipped Thus geneThen on windowsill: typists, editors,alogy, psychiatric this the part of testimony and

social workers, registered nurses, Church's wideflung corps of nonauthors, and piano teachers. Magic gift of music salaried workers annually travels

This is but a part of the backThrills my very heart; hundreds of thousands of miles by

ground of experience which directly How I love the chirping, car, rail, and plane to meet MIA conand indirectly aids in the production Cricket friends impart! vention dates.

of MIA courses and programs. These conventions are the producFour of the Young Women's and tion of long hours of planning and

25 of the Young Men's general the results of board and committee board members have given service striving to build interesting and chalmeetings each Wednesday night.

in the armed forces of the country, lenging programs about class work Multiplication of stakes has made some as officers and others in the and special activities in MIA. it necessary continually to add new

ranks of enlisted men and women. Most interesting is the comment members to the board to meet the

Rich training in other fields comes each general board member listed as convention schedules. These travels

from years of service given by gentheir "most significant church exbegin in January and extend through eral board members to civic organperience."March, then jump to July and conizations, P-TA, Red Cross, polio, Typical are these from the YM tinue through most of November.

cancer, and other campaigns in supMIA board: Recognition of the MIA program

port of public health and juvenile "Seeing the effect of the Church is felt outside the boundaries of the is a memberwork. on LDS servicemen when serving as Church. The YWMIA

group leader"; "serving in the bishof long standing in the National and

of daily time on Despite demands "institute opric"; of work"; "church International Council Women activity,occupations, community

is and radio to "missionary also affiliated programs"; the with NaHol- and genthese assignments, samechurch "visit land"; to tional the Association Recreation Sacred and Grove

find opportunityeral board members Association. with delegation Scout Jamboree of American Camping

variety in a wideto squeeze in year, the of the general Scouts 1950";, "preparing each of 452 In June

interests.skills, special hobbies, and in Salt score the of recording is held conference and some of MIA

The YMMIA general board sports background music for Hill Cumorah Lake City but overflowing the achobby bracket shows interest in Pageant in addition to preparation commodations of Temple Squarehunting, fishing, swimming, golfing, and production of the MIA Festival it is an impressive tribute to the tennis, skiing, badminton, and footPraise Ye the Lord"; "temple marstimulation of the general boards as

ball officiating. Others like playriage"; "sealing of young people the increasing numbers of stake and

writing, photography, doit-yourself whom I married civilly as a bishop"; ward officers and teachers make

building, or working with safe driv- "an interested bishop when I was a their annual pilgrimage to perfect ing groups. One is a "rockhound,"deacon"; "working with youth week the "helps"and "governments"the

another likes to play the guitar and after week"; "London Temple dediChurch provides for guidance of the

sing Mexican songs. Weaving, cation and visits to European youth of Zion.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

rW 1

THE ERA OF YOUTH SCHOOL

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

September 1961 AGAIN IN THIS ISSUE eight devoted Mormon teens who have already made important strides toward constructive, participating lives tell about different aspects of a balanced, successful school career. They write of serious study and

development of creative abilities, of activities, athletics, service, religious participation, personal integrity, budgeting time, happy associations, preparation for further schooling, and earning part of one's own way.

Interestingly, each who writes has done well not alone in the particular field discussed but has also been involved in most of the others. Like

many others of their generation, these are alert, devoted young Latterday

Saints, well commenced on the path to contribution and happiness. They

are intelligent young men and women.

How do they happen to be that way? What is intelligence? Is it

important? How can it be acquired? How does it affect us?

The scriptures teach that the "glory of God is intelligence/'which is defined as "light and truth,"or "the light of truth."The Lord said,

"That which is of God is light...."Intelligence, then, is light and truth

and is of God. From the dictionary we get an interesting inkling of the

nature of intelligence: the word comes from roots meaning "to gather or

choose between."Intelligence is something infinitely more than an

accumulation of facts or information, more than knowledge. It is the

quality which permits individuals to choose from among many alternatives.LIGHT A that which is good and wholesome, which is true, which is from God. It is the attribute

missing from the character of Lucifer, who knew enough to be an "authority in the presence of God,"but who lacked capacity to make wise choices. An intelligent person chooses to give his time and energy and allegiance to the things that count in

terms of real human happiness and in serving the ultimate objectives of God. What is

God's objective... his work and glory?

"... to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

To associate with our fellow men in a way that lifts and blesses them, to develop our own capacity to serve God and his other children, to learn widely and deeply and to hearken to the counsels of God, this is to creatively cooperate with our Heavenly Father in accomplishing his holy purposes. This is to be intelligent.

Is it important to seek intelligence? How can it be developed?

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in

the resurrection.

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life THROUGH HIS diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."(D&C 130:18, 19.)

"... seek... words of wisdom; seek learning even by study and also by faith."

(Ibid., 88:118.)

What is the effect of intelligence?

It is to enlighten minds, enlarge vision, clarify purpose, ennoble desires, strengthen resolve and will. It is to lead us to love God and obey his commandments, and to "forsake

that evil one."(Ibid., 88:37.)

and The following pages suggest some ways to make school life—young life—happy

fruitful. For happiness comes, and satisfactions and success, through intelligent living

through lives which reflect truth and light in careful "gathering or choosing between,"in high objectives, in a balanced program of wholesome activities and achievements and associations, in wide and wise interests and disciplined effort. by marion d. hanks

truth::nd

Hllr

Enriching As young people in a demanding time, we are all experiencing the drive to gain a wellrounded education. Let's not think that church activities and school work pull us in two directions. Both are parts of the same whole—they complement

the each other! Each is a vital link in our progress towards that ultimate goal of "a

knowledge of all things."Enthusiastic and devoted church participation during

School—Jeffthe yearsAndersonof concentrated schooling is vitally important for balance in life.

Experience About In a day when there is apparently some cheating by students, it is important to reaffirm our faith in personal honor and integrity. It is not necessary to be dishonest in school or in life to get along well. One who stays on schedule with his

Integrity tvork, ivho dependably and responsibly makes today's effort today, doesn't find it necessary to cheat. More important than the letters and numbers we learn in

in school are the more viewpoints and ethical attitudes we develop. If we "pass"

classes and "fail"character, we have made a poor bargain with education.

RichardsLearning—Barbara

still and a little in school, money, earn to grades is possible high It maintain A Word first to learn to put have planning. it takes You time for fun. But enough have

things first and learn to do the things you should do when they should be done, to the Wise whether you like it or not. Somehow you can always find time to do the things

you want to do! If you find it necessary to write things down, do it. Get assignon ments done early when you can. Take advantage of tedious waiting time (for the

bus, doctor, etc.) to memorize an assignment. Do personal chores while watching

count you whatever the minutes show. favorite Make TV Planning your

play, studying and play forget you hard. study when are doing.hard.—MaryWhen you study, And

Anne Roller:: g........ '...""......

Participation in high school athletics is not only a lot of fun, it helps one to The develop physically, intellectually, and spiritually. Team sports teach cooperation

and responsibility, unity, selfdiscipline, and perseverance. There is growth in coBonus Value ordination and conditioning, and in learning the fundamentals of various sports

and being required to think in applying them. The investment of time is conin siderable, but one can find the time if he is determined and willing to work, and the development and satisfaction are worth it.—Gary Jensen

Athletics The Challenge 7s it possible for 276 strangers to become close friends in a week? Yes! It

happened at Utah's Girls'State and it can happen in high school. It's a matter of

getting along happily with others. This is one of the challenges of each new

of school year and of life. The sooner one learns the art of giving and living in associating with teachers, leaders, and fellow students, the better. There are always

Personal differences in beliefs, personality, taste, and talents. We must learn to meet these

differences with a generous and understanding outlook on life and people. If we

Relationships are sincerely interested and a good example, people will appreciate our friendship.

In this coming school year we should view each face as a mirror that will reflect our smile and hello!—Diana Summerhays

to talents, develop individual to bring forth activities are designed School The citizenship. time your of leadership and sportsmanship By giving to promote and

and energy to an activity you enrich your life as well as the lives of those with

Importance of whom you work. You find satisfaction in joining and fostering the activities of

your choice. Loyally supporting school events makes for a better school and a

School happier experience for all. This is a good way of making friends.

A teen should be careful not to overload on activities to the point where studies

Activities suffer,possible—Judithbut he or Riddshe should be wise enough to take advantage of all opportunities

- -::-.:..:, i

acquiring and of gathering of facts, our getting knowledge, all our of WithOn Giving cherished most giving, should degrees, of life's too. Some do some diplomas and we

and worthwhile experiences come through genuine concern for others and willingof ness to share ourselves with them and serve them. The unplanned for service is usually the most enjoyable—visiting a sick friend, taking an oldster for a ride,

Oneself giving unasked for help around the house. My service time is the spice of my life

and the sunshine is gone from the day that I haven't consciously tried to help others. The one who will accept service opportunities finds plenty of them.—Kathy

Tschaggeny EIGHT PORTRAIT PHOTOGRAPHS

On the educationIt is our opportunitywe can. Butandcompetitionresponsibilityfor asadvancedLatterdayschoolingSaintsis toincreasingobtain allandof

requirements are high. We must plan early and prepare for the future by taking

Preparing proper courses in school, striving for high grades, considering financing (scholarships often are available and should be worked for), investigating various schools for and noting their entrance requirements, and making our applications well in advance.

But, above all, we should ask the Lord for help in the many important decisions that come up.—Terry Allen College

Q: Often we hear it said that the Church Talking about people usually isn't recommended

accepts all truth. Explain this. as a worthy pastime, but in this case the typical

teens giving helpful hints this month are real conversation pieces GARY JENSEN... son of Reynold and Marion

Waldo Jensen... letterman in football, baseball,

and wrestling ivith two years as state'wrestling

A: Church leaders have many times declared champ,credit..class. Eagleoffices,Scoutandandexcellentholder ofgradesthe Dutyto histo

is that the to the acceptance committed Church God award.

is, all truth, that to the acceptance of of "... DIANA SUMMERHAYS... eighteenyear-old

knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, leader among ivomen!.. served as governor of

and as they are to come."(D&C 93:24.) The Girls'State, president of high school Girl's AssoChurch is not committed to accept what an indiciation... won plaudits in state speech meets,

vidual or group or discipline or institution may at school dramatics, publications, and music circles any given time believe or declare to be the truth.... graduated from seminary and genealogy

It is not bound to every premise or theory or course. Daughter of Bishop and Mrs. C. J.

speculative conclusion or presumed fact. Summerhays.

JUDITH RIDD... beauty queen, recreational

The gospel is so broad as to comprehend all director, scholarship winner... member of Utah's

truth. The most important truths are those perTeen Traffic Council, youth symphony, fashion

taining to the "doctrine of the kingdom,""the board, and recipient of special award as top law of the gospel,""... the kingdom of God."female student... loyal church member and

The Lord in the early days of the restored Church daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Ridd, Jr>

gave direction to the brethren to "... teach one BARBARA RICHARDS... famous for the cakes

another... in all things that pertain unto the she decorates and surprises friends with... for

kingdom of God, that are expedient for you to her art work, clubs, and chorus work at school understand;"and then revealed the broad scope and efficiency about the house... enters BYU

of that which pertains to the kingdom by speakthis fall with special "honors at entrance"award ing: "Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and full scholarship... Bishop and Mrs. Wayne

and under the earth; things which have been, F. Richards are her parents.

things which are, things which must shortly KATHY TSCHAGGENY... Girls League presicome to pass; things which are at home, things dent with achievement scholastically, socially, and

which are abroad; the wars and the perplexities civically... remembered warmly for her thoughtof the nations, and the judgments which are on fulness to young and old... member of fashion

the land; and a knowledge also of countries and board and folk dancing group and daughter of of kingdoms—"{Ibid., 88:7779.) The "first the Robert Tschaggenys.

laborers in this last kingdom"were admonished to TERRY ALLEN... won, among other awards at

"...seek... out of the best books words of wisgraduation this June, the Alfred Sloan National

dom"; and to "... become acquainted with all Scholarship to the California Institute of Techgood books, and with languages, tongues and peonology... commencement speaker and member

ple,""... of history, and of countries and of Model United Nations, key club, and pep band

kingdoms, of laws of God and man, and all this... active church worker and born in San Ferfor the salvation of Zion"(Ibid., 88:118; 90:15; nando to Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Jay Allen.

93:53.) MARY ANNE ROLLER... financially selfsus-

taining since entering high school and all the

Thus, earnest search in all these legitimate while proving outstanding as student leader, fields of inquiry is encouraged, and may ultimusician prize winner, Seminar for Sallies model, mately yield truth. "... to be learned is good if and piano teacher to thirteen youngsters... atthey hearken unto the counsels of God."(2 Nephi tends the University of Utah on scholarship...

9:29.) How may truth be known? Through the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Waldo Roller.

Spirit of the Lord. "... for the Spirit manifesteth JEFFREY ANDERSON... sixteenyear-old

truth"(D&C 91:J>.) "The Spirit of truth is of concertmaster for district youth orchestra which

God."(Ibid., 88:26.) The most important truths toured to Santa Monica music festival... among

are those which will lead us "unto God.""Every selected high school students chosen for collegiate

one that hearkeneth to the voice of the Spirit summer study in math and physics... student

cometh unto God even the Father."(Ibid., council, athletics, Eagle Scout... son of Judge

84:4648.) mdh and Mrs. Aldon J. Anderson.

I'D CONVERLIKE TO SATION I PIECE KNOW The Improvement

"StiCL Pumeejwva "

... announcing a thrilling

new "Qospel in Art"Program

Magnificent paintings of the religious events which have deep

significance to Latterday Saints are being created especially for the

Era by Arnold Friberg, worldfamous LDS artist.

These beautiful and meaningful This is art born out of the knowledge of the restorapaintings will be faithfully retion of the gospel and interpreted by an artist

produced as fine art paintings in dedicated to bringing truth into the world through

full color lithography and made his remarkable talent. "Peace Be Still,"a masterfully

available to Improvement Era executed painting of the Savior stilling the storm on

subscribers. The first one will Galilee, is the first of the series. To study the painting

Arnold be ready in November. and contemplate the moment of calm immediately

Friberg These prints will be approxifollowing that divine command is to begin to undermately 15 x 24 inches in size. In addition to being stand the great power of the priesthood. Herein lies

marvelous teaching aids and missionary tools, they the significance of Elder Friberg's paintings. They are

are designed for framing and hanging in homes, a graphic testimony of the truth.

chapels, or offices. They will be mailed in durable These prints will cost Improvement Era subscribers

tubes so as to reach you unwrinkled, unfolded. only $2.50 each. More details will be announced later.

SEPTEMBER 1961 653 ORG!

MONTGOMERY GOES"

"So this is Mutual!"George Montgomery surveyed the his doctorate. Did you notice how he led the hike

enthusiastic group and lowered his athletic frame onto up the hill?"

a weathered tree trunk. "Yes, I couldn't keep up with him!"

The Waterton Lakes Park (Canada) MIA was sing- "Then there is Barbara Uibel, our young women's ing "High on the Mountain Top"with fervor, just as president. She is also a teacher. But the amusing

if they were not out of breath from the hike up the thing about her is that when you go to their home you "Bear Hump"of Mount Crandall. have to drink out of trophy cups."

But George sat musing. It had been a difficult George thought for awhile. "But this isn't regular

climb—and besides he didn't know the song. Mutual, is it?"

"And your Church supervises activities such as this?""No, it isn't."Then I told him of our regular MIA

He was looking with interest at the eighty young organization as it operates as a church auxiliary, exadults who sat spellbound as Bob West, the young plaining that our Waterton Park MIA was a peculiar men's superintendent, compared the benevolence of setup to meet the needs of a transient group.

our wise Father to his majestic creation of the Rocky "You say that you are affiliated with the Boy Scout

Mountain grandeur. organization. My son John David, seven, is looking

This night we were holding Mutual on the top of forward to being a Scout."

the "Hump,"cradled about halfway up Mount CranThis gave me an opportunity to tell him about our dall. We were surrounded with the beauty of nature. Cub Scout and Primary program. I told him that

Between the towering Rockies spread greengold lakes, through the church organizations my son Larry had on the surface of which danced magic whitecaps of a been a Queen Scout, as it is called in Canada in defermillion dreams. A breeze stirred the pines that ence to Queen Elizabeth, and attended an Internaguarded flowerstrewn crevasses. But George's gaze tional Jamboree.

turned to the listening group. "I hope my son can be an Eagle Scout, that is the

"Where did all of these young people come from?"same recognition given across the border, isn't it?"

"They are members of the Church of Jesus Christ "Yes."

of Latterday Saints and some of their friends. These "Your Church really helps you with allround

young people are either visiting or employed for the training for your young people along with church on summer in the park. Their attendance is influenced Sunday. This is a wonderful atmosphere in which to

by the example set by our leaders. All of the execulearn the right way of life. The guidance that they

tives in the Waterton MIA are outstanding in the receive in activities such as this makes the difference.

Church and community. Bob is a teacher working on My daughter Melissa Ann is thirteen. I hope that she

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA can grow up in a similar manner.""Do you give a talk like this every Tuesday night?"

"After being with us tonight, I hope you will take "Yes. I try to give a short lesson which portrays

back a picture of active Mormons."our concepts. This way we try to keep high ideals

"That's for sure. I'll probably be stiff tomorrow!"before our young people who are away from home,

"But seriously, George, you will always be welcome perhaps for the first time. Religion has to be part

at our organizations—remember that. In our talks I of everyday life or it won't work."

have told you of our basic LDS philosophy. You "Do you climb the 'Hump'and hold Mutual up

know I have never seen you smoke."here every week?"

"We have to keep fit in my business. My twenty- "No. Last week we had a corn roast, and next week

three years as a star in Hollywood are demanding."we will have a talent night. Most of our members

"You have played many roles, but I remember you are over eighteen and these activities are particularly best as the first Lone Ranger and the Cisco Kid when adapted to their interest during the holiday season."

Hollywood nominated you 'Top Find of the Year.'We "But I understand that age has nothing to do with

were pleased when you won the Gold Award for the appetite, right?"

best performance on an hour weekly show. You just Then George turned his pockets inside out. How

finished writing, directing, and producing the Steel they contained eighty chocolate bars I don't know.

Hook, didn't you?"But they did.

"Yes. In the Philippines.""It has been nice to have you with us tonight. We

"You and your wife, Dinah Shore, seem to keep are glad that you came to Waterton for filming."

your family together."The happy young people, munching on their choco-

"We try to have home evenings and spend as much late bars, echoed my thanks.

time as possible with our children. But it is difficult Then George told us that he had appreciated attendin our profession. We need more of what I have seen ing Mutual and that it had been an inspiration to

here tonight. Religion needs to be alive."associate with the youth of our Church. His vibrant

As teacher of the correlated group, it was now time voice became meditative as he completed his remarks.

for me to give a short lesson on faith which I illusFrom our cradle in the Rockies gay voices lilted and trated with the wonders of nature that were at our spilled into the velvety night. Below, the lights of

fingertips. the town flickered like jewels drifting into orbit.

Returning to my mossy seat by George, we conVoices hushed in solemnity, awed by the Creator tinued our conversation while the group sang songs of nature's magnificence. The moon in glory broke

of happiness for today and hope for tomorrow. over our sanctuary as we bowed our heads in prayer.

SEPTEMBER 1961 655 Roots and Wings my parents, and I was their little girl almost as soon as they reached Salt trudging along at the side of the Lake Valley a social hall and dra- (Continued from page 637) handcart. I think that night my matic society in which young and

"And should we die before our jourroots pushed a little more firmly into old could participate. He knew it

ney's through, happy day, all is well."the ground of my belief and my was necessary for them to walk in

This was just a sweet song to me faith—because of drama. A prophet other's shoes, to become acquainted

until one evening I saw this song of God knew the importance of with the classics in the theater, if dramatized. It brought the pioneers drama in people's lives when he led they were to be the refined, cultured

to life. I saw a man and woman sufthe pioneers across the plains. Presipeople they were expected to be.

fering on the plains. They became dent Brigham Young established He always insisted that the standard

of the drama be kept high and above reproach, and for over one hundred years this has been the aim of the church drama program.

Balance, moderation, WhoAll hasn'tyoung heardpeoplea youngsterare dreamers.say,

"Let's play like,"or "Let's pretend"?

judgment muchWe in tothe makeworld theirof dramadreamingcan doandso their pretending good, to involve them in fun and at the same time

RICHARD I. EVANS give them elevating and worthwhile

experiences.

attempt,""Whatever said an eminent Amerimen the ago, I spent day weeks few A 1 to overdo."driven It is true can, "they seem that at Detenthe the Court and Juvenile

in there excesses are extremes all directions THE and I SPOKEN again from and endeavors. Dostoevsky And we thoughttion Homemuchin thatSalt dayLakeaboutCity.roots WORD

of of the remark are reminded a young man who wings. seven and We interviewed

life: "I couldn't left of mortal the endure knew he had little youngsters, or eight none of whom

scurrying, said, "everlastingly dreary, bustling people,"worried he roots of any kind. Some had healthy

flitting fro to pavement."and preoccupied, and about me on the the people have plumbed 2 young

This flitting, scurrying, bustling, busyness in both big and little depths in delinquency, but their matters is a picture and impression often sharply seen as one pulls chances seemed mighty slim for ever aside and pauses for perspective. Any significant accomplishment achieving any heights unless we get

requires conviction, concentration, dedication—a kind of allout into their lives. As I look at young

effort. But any sincerely successful life also requires balance. delinquents, I think, "My darlings,

And the gift of moderation, judgment, balance, is a great gift. Some when was it your dreams started to

plunge and speculate inordinately while some are too timid to fall around your feet, for you did venture in any direction. Some scatter their efforts and interests have dreams, you know?"The

lives into in their too too directions—break many different many "Let's can make Mutual program

little they that narrowness pieces—while some move with such and happy lose pretend"become realities

the breadth of life, and neglect family, friends, and much else that memories.

matters much. Some overdo optimism to the point of not facing

facts. Some overdo pessimism to the point of ignoring opportuniWe who write radio and teleties. Some live too much on the physical side, too absorbed in vision scripts, and dramas for

exercise and activity; and some are too absorbed within themselves. churches and schools, have a marSome too much desire money, and some are too little concerned velous opportunity to help plant

about solvency and the practical side. The fact that God gave us good, strong roots in the lives of

minds and spirits, hearts and feelings, as well as physical functionyoung people. On Sunday, May

ing, must mean that he meant us to be mindful of all sides of 21st, on Chet Huntley's "Time Presourselves. The fact that he gave us both time and eternity must ent"we were shown pictures of

mean that we should give balance to both, and to all that makes hundreds of young students from up man—"with prudence and thanksgiving"3 in all we do, in all East Berlin crossing over into West

we partake of, in every act and utterance. We must specialize and Berlin to see dramatic plays that

concentrate to the point of being effective and efficient, but not to were being presented, plays in the point of starving any side of ourselves. We should avoid which ideas were planted. Mr.

excesses and obsessions, avoid overdoing in any direction. "WhatHuntley spoke of the Academy of

ever men attempt, they seem driven to overdo."1 We ought earnArts in West Berlin where forty

estly to come closer to balance, to solvency and soundness, to happipercent of the students come from ness and good health, and to pause long enough to appraise what East Germany. Each student is told

is most lastingly important. either by word or through drama

that his personality can unfold as he

VBernard Baruch.

Dostoevsky, 2Fyodor The Idiot. wills and that he is the master of his

3D&C 89:11. own soul, so to speak. Mr. Huntley

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the said at the end of the show, "West

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 9, 1961. Copyright 1961. Berlin is a light shining in the

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA darkness to the east, and that darkwould take a chance and put her in since the beginning of time. There

ness cannot comprehend it."Some as lead in a play. Everyone told her have been and always will be those

who are in the darkness must be how silly she was. This good leader who would get much for nothing.

comprehending it, for are not many took the young girl to her home, But statistics tell us that today there of the people behind the iron curtaught her how to stand, to sit, to are three times as many of these tain walking away never to return to walk, and to talk—how to fix her people as there were in the former

East Germany? We truly can be hair, even made her a pretty dress generation. And tell me, what does

shining lights in the darkness, and for her performance. The little girl history prove? History proves that

we can help our young to comprecame up to her teacher after the the peace that passeth understanding hend that light. performance and said, "You know, is in the hearts of good men, regardOur daughter told me of a conthis is the first time I have been less of what is going on in the world,

versation with one of her little boy's made to look glamorous, and I just and it is there because those men playmates. "Is fishing with minnows love you for doing it! My mother have a firm foundation in spiritual

'chumping'?"he asked. My daughter and father are separated, but they values. They are wise men, comlooked a little nonplussed, and her both came to see me tonight, and passionate men.

little boy's playmate enlightened I think maybe they'll get together."We must teach the majesty and

her. "Chumping means that it is We would wish for still more thouimportance of the individual soul by

against the law."She then dissands of dedicated, devoted leaders supplying experiences through our

covered that the boys had had a like this. And we would charge drama program, whether writing,

lengthy discussion on what was right them that they have precious lives teaching, directing—whatever—that

and wrong in the world of fishing, will prove the deep, abiding peace and one of the little fellows had said that comes from having a spiritual that where he came from, his folk anchor.

and his grandparents all fished with EYES OF YOUTH We have stated our problem:

minnows, so it couldn't be wrong or BY GRACE BARKER WILSON materialism versus spirituality.

against the law. It really was, but Money is important, but it will not

he was learning to adjust to the pub- A challenge flung across a room, buy happiness.

lic child's his even sweet though earth, to sky, streams: to running To solution: to resolve the And nowspirit right things the to wanted do to never midnight change gloom O has firmly that anyof us each who

1 to that naturallyand seemed know eyes youth with The a-flame of to wil with our thing youth do his elders did wrong.what was dreams! eternally actively, unceasingly, be

If parents and grandparents set found in their service, seeking ways wrong standards, then our job is just to upgrade the individual through that much bigger. To see a man of what we say, what we think, and

true integrity is a real spiritual exin their care and that everything what we do, for we know, with perience. Who was it said, "I would they do may become more imporCicero, that what our children feel

rather see a sermon than hear one tant than what they say. from us is more important than what

any day"? Too many boys and girls On the recent CBS "20th Century"we say! If we do our work well,

have had the unhappy experience of presentation on present difficulties make good realistic plans; if we

driving with their peers before they in Japan, the statement was made follow through on that planning, our are old enough to drive themselves—that the conflict between the old young will have happy, happy

then, following in these footsteps, East Japan and the new West Japan memories. Richard L. Evans has

they take advantage of traffic rules, has left this generation spiritual said, "We live with memories.

overpark, park in "no parking"zones, orphans. Their conflict seems to be Memories are for what was to what

.. We must be willing tospeed—do all the things in the book between their Eastern belief in will be..

because the example has been set Buddha and the Western materialmake now good memories for the early in their lives. Yet, I personally ism which is being flaunted on all future; more to tie us to life now,

know of some youngsters who, besides with very little spirituality more faith for the future and more cause of good school driver probeing exhibited. Too many have memories to sustain us."

grams, excellent TV and radio shows forgotten God and worship gold. Through us, our young folk must

aimed at proper driving practices, The young of Japan are pulling away learn of their Master. Through us,

are turning out to be much safer from home and family traditions, integrity must be born anew.

and better, more honest drivers than and they are floundering in unrest, Through us, the very young of our their elders. A midteen on the New unhappiness, and unbelief. Has this nation must be helped to know the

York Times forum held recently said, been Christianity's gift to the East? difference between right and wrong,

"Children must be taught moral I think not, but because of a few, between truth and falsehood. Bevalues, faith in God, and the differmany are confused. cause of us and our work, our young

rightence wrong."and between clean, to exert energy all our good, to be and must dare We need

natural vehicle is such aDrama roots helping Their honest. every to through means be firmly toward must

make all these points! our young have the faith, the honplanted in the firm soil of spiritualOne leader told us about havesty, and the integrity of many of ity. Then their tomorrows will find

ing what she called a little "odd their great forebears. Surely there them winging toward unimagined

ball"in her class who never seemed has been dishonesty through the achievements, and our youth of the to amount to anything or to do anyages. There has been a fight be- "noble birthright"will become kings

thing. The teacher decided she tween spirituality and materialism and queens in our Father's kingdom.

SEPTEMBER 1961 657 Education and Eternal the quick, bright scholar has learned It should also be remembered that

Progression so easily and quickly. If we are man has an obligation to learn.

capacitated to learn one thing today, Each individual will be judged and (Continued from page 643) we can learn another tomorrow. It meted according to his own efforts

is the height of folly to say that a to obtain knowledge and wisdom.

magnify our strengths and talents. man can only learn so much and no For the sake of proper evaluation, let

The following quotation from more. The further literary men adus divide the areas of learning into

Brigham Young is one which should vance in their studies, the more they two classifications:

give encouragement to all: discern there is to learn and the 1. The gospel, encompassing the

"One scholar in a school may far more anxious they are to learn."principles and doctrines of the

outstrip the rest; but give them suf- ( Discourses of Brigham Young, 1943 Church.

ficient time, and they can learn what ed., p. 250.) 2. The knowledge of temporal

things, including such areas as medicine, mathematics, history, or psychology, etc.

The study of God and his laws will give us our greatest reward and advancement. We should remember that even the elements of truth

in item two have number all from Eliminating the insignificant foundemanated God because things were created by him; the laws

RICHARD L. EVANS and principles which govern all

things come from the Lord, and man

Last week we spoke of balance, moderation, judgmerely discovers their existence.

ment; of avoiding extremes, excesses, and obsesThe Lord has designed that we

THE all things; learn the about about cited of the said: a sentence sions, and words which SPOKEN earth, that the things heavens and attempt, to they driven "Whatever seem men WORD

1 are in above on and and them them to these sequel overdo."suggests thoughts A

a phrase from a significant source: "Elimination of the insignifithem. Let us examine just a few

cant."2 Time is limited and the things that would take our time modernday revelations from the

are limitless—and we need to be more selective in our choices, Lord regarding this matter:

more discriminating as to trivia, more attentive to the things that "And as all have not faith, seek ye mean the most—because we never have time to do all we want to do diligently and teach one another

or ought to do. As John Burroughs said: "I still find each day too words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out

short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to of the best books words of wisdom;

take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to seek learning, even by study and see."3 And besides all the things that press us for the present, yet also by faith:'(D&C 88:118.)'

still we must take time to pause, to plan, to think somewhat for Another revelation says:

the future. When we are shooting at a moving target, we must "And set in order the churches,

shoot ahead if we are to hit it. If we are always merely trying to and study and learn, and become acmeet the immediate moment, we only see things as they are, partly or quainted with all good books, and

altogether past. Seneca said it in this sentence many centuries with languages, tongues, and peoago: "... Even if we paid strict attention, life would soon get ple:'(Ibid., 90:15.)

ahead of us; but as we are now, life finds us lingering and passes One of the most compelling

us by as if it belonged to another, and though it ends on the final revelations on education follows:

day, it perishes every day."4 We have to have time to think, to "Teach ye diligently and my grace

reflect, to appraise the past, to explore beyond the present, to plan shall attend you, that you may be inthe future. "There must be,"as Massillon said, "a certain desire of structed more perfectly in theory,

improvement and of acquiring instruction; a serious turn of mind, in principle, in doctrine, in the law

opposed to everything frivolous; a habit of retirement and reflection; of the gospel, in all things that per-

a methodical arrangement of life...,"5 And the faster the pace tain unto the kingdom of God, that

and the greater the pressure, the more we need solid foundations, are expedient for you to understand;

the more we need our roots down deep. We have to live thoughtOf things both in heaven and in the

fully, to be discriminating as to everything that takes our time—and earth, and under the earth; things

we must in some measure eliminate the insignificant, the inconsewhich have been, things which are, quential, and not let our lives be broken into little pieces that get things which must shortly come to lost along the way, but live so that we can see a pattern, a plan, a pass; things which are at home,

purpose, and make every motion, every moment more meaningful. things which are abroad; the wars

and the perplexities of the nations, n Bernprd Baruch. and the judgments which are on the

2Dr. Henry T. Heald, President, The Ford Foundation. land; and a knowledge also of counBurroughs. 3John

Argumentation. 4Seneca, On Sophistical tries ye may and of kingdoms—That

Massillon, Baptiste Spirit of the Ministrtj. 5Jean

I be prepared in all things when "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the shall send you again to magnify the

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 16, 1961. Copyright 1961. calling whereunto I have called you,

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the mission with which I classes, leadership programs, regular eternal progression. No one should

have commissioned you."(Ibid., credit and non credit course work, become discouraged and lethargic,

88:7880.) and audiovisual services—all helpthinking there is a limit to his ability

We have an obligation, then, to ing to make the Church education or intelligence. For if we are faithcontinue our study, to increase in program an allinclusive program. ful and make an effort to learn, the

knowledge, and to obtain wisdom. As long as we are obedient to the Lord has promised to reward our

We should learn both about the principles of the gospel and the labors. We will receive a wealth of

things of God and about the things laws of God and strive diligently to wisdom and understanding. A man

pertaining to this world. After havimprove upon that which he has cannot be a slothful servant and reing accumulated knowledge, we given, he will add to our learning ceive rewards. We set our own

should use that knowledge for the and our knowledge. Members of limitations. Education is an eternal

good of mankind and in accordance the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterprocess. Brigham Young touches

with the plans of heaven. Brigham day Saints have also been given the upon this subject in the following

Young made the following stategreatest aid to learning the world quotation:

ment: has ever known. In general, we "We shall never see the time when

"It is our privilege and our duty learn by experience, by examples, we shall not need to be taught, nor to search all things upon the face of by the teachings of learned indiwhen there will not be an object to the earth, and learn what there is viduals—all of this coupled with be gained. I never expect to see the

for man to enjoy, what God has ortime that there will not be a superior dained for the benefit and happiness power and a superior knowledge, of mankind, and then make use of it and, consequently, incitements to without sinning against him."(DisSUMMER IS GONE further progress and further imcourses of Brigham Young, 1943 ed., BY EDNA DAY provements."(Discourses of Brig-

p. 254.) ham Young, 1943 ed., p. 248.)

In this sphere of existence we can Wild geese are arrowing; In addition, Brigham Young said

use the knowledge and intelligence Sunlight is narrowing; the following:

that we receive to help build up and Summer is gone. "This people have embraced the

beautify the kingdom of God here philosophy of eternal lives, and in upon the earth. view of this we shoidd cease to be

Under the inspiration of the Lord, Fall dons her calico; children and become philosophers,

the Church has developed the means Leaves on the maples glow; understanding our own existence,

whereby its members can obtain the Ripe com stands rowon-row; its purpose and intimate design,

a our days will not become training and learning.needed This Summer is gone. then ignorance, but every through blank our regular first throughis done

church organizations—the priesthood day ivill bring with it its useful and

quorums, the auxiliaries, institutes Squirrels in hollow trees, profitable employment. God has

of religion and seminaries, and Ground hogs and honey bees placed us here, given us the ability church worship services. Within Hasten her on. we possess, and supplied the means

these structures we find the opupon which we can operate to proNature says, "Quiet, please!"duce social, national, and eternalportunity to gain experience in

leadership, to participate in group Summer is gone. happiness."(Ibid., p. 245.)

discussion, and to learn from inThe religion of the Latterday spired and learned men and women. Saints encompasses all truth. It is

Also, the missionary service of the not confined to any time or sphere

Church may be considered as a valwork on our part. But we have the or date but is designed to present

uable learning experience as it progreatest teacher of all, for we have opportunities whereby the children vides thousands of young people the Holy Ghost. of God can learn by experience and

with the opportunity to broaden If the Latterday Saints would live develop their inherited attributes, their knowledge of cultures, people, their religion and be in tune with all combining to make them intelliand languages through their service the Spirit of God, our sons and gent beings who possess the wisdom and travel in many areas of the daughters would be the most knowland capacity to govern with power world. edgeable and educated in the entire and glory on the right hand of God.

In addition to these, the Church world. The Holy Ghost would reContinuing education is a vital link

has also established a system to aid veal the truth of all things unto in eternal progression. Our learnmembers in their implementation of them. It has been shown that this ing, understanding, knowledge, and

a formal education. In this system, is the reason for the wisdom and faith are those valuable possessions

we find elementary and secondary intelligence possessed by such early we take with us. We should

schools, junior colleges, and Brigleaders in the Church as Joseph make every effort to improve our ham Young University. Further, Smith, Brigham Young, and Orson minds through a process of continuBYU has established a continuing Pratt. These men had no extensive ing education. We should be humble

education system known as the formal schooling, but they surpassed and teachable, remembering that the

Adult Education and Extension their contemporaries in obtaining mere acquisition of knowledge is not

Service which provides for greater true knowledge. our goal, but that we must develop

learning experiences and educational Thus, every member of the Church wisdom and righteousness so we can opportunities through correspondhas an obligation to continue to be use this power in glorifying God and ence courses, publications, travel educated, for it is coupled with man's strengthening his kingdom.

SKPTEMBER 1961 659 Calling All Girls her to come they enlist the help of just showed no interest in church others—for instance, the drama diparticipation whatsoever no matter

(Continued from page 649) rector to "call"her for a special part how we tried to interest her. Then

in a play or roadshow. Sometimes came summer and softball. That

cause, the teacher and the class it is the sports director who just has she understood and wanted, and she enlistment committee will find it, to have another member on the never missed practices or games.

and then because they love each softball team. This developed more friendliness on

girl, they will continue in every way One stake Young Women's presiher part towards the girls and to show their love for her, their real dent wrote: "A secondyear Beehive leaders (all of whom went out of

desire to have her as one of the girl who had been completely intheir way to be friendly with her).

group. Sometimes in order to get active moved into our ward. She Then the meetings took hold and

she began attending all of them regularly. Again her parents moved

from the ward. But at the time she

was well on her way to earning an individual award, and the ward it president a point made in the the president area To those now married—and YWMIAto contact

to which the girl moved. The ward

YWMIA officers picked right up left she conshe is off and in atthose about to be... wheretinuing her excellent record

RICHARD L. EVANS havetendancebeenat impossiblemeetings. withoutThis wouldthe

added incentive produced by the

The subject we would briefly now consider is espeGirls'Program—she most likely

cially appropriate to a month of many marriages, would have come and gone as she it is also but for a subject all seasons. THE The poets, wished and ended up not coming SPOKEN gift that in the given written them, have God has at all."WORD

long of love and loveliness, in lines that long and This is another strong phase of the often have been quoted, in songs that long and often have been Girls'Program—the record keeping

sung, in sentiment which gives a lift and loveliness to life. But and the keeping track of the girls

sentiment cannot, does not, forever endure, unless there be behind no matter where they go. Girls do

it some real substance, and what the poets have portrayed would not get "lost"when they move to perish without some basic qualities of character—qualities that another city, because under this

include kindness and consideration, the willingness to give and program, the YW officers in the take, to adjust, to talk things out with a gentle open frankness, free closest ward to the girl are notified from sarcasm, free from cruel and stinging criticism, with a fair of her presence. With the proper

and forthright facing of the facts. Marriage requires the qualities followthrough not even a week

of patience, of temperance, and of moderation; of faith and foreelapses without her being put on the

bearance. It requires a willingness to work, to wait, a willingness new rolls.

to honor obligations. It requires also a special kind of respect: At the beginning of the summer

respect of self, respect for one another; respect for feelings, for the general YWMIA offices in Salt

convictions; respect for sacred things, and a prayerful approach Lake City received a long distance

to problems. It would be difficult to imagine the loveliness of love's phone call from a father. He gave

enduring without real respect. No marriage—no life—is free from the itinerary of a vacation trip which

problems. Always there are adjustments to make, things to work he and his family would be enjoying

out, need for understanding. But in this most important and comfor the next month, and then asked

plete commitment, including the closeness of two people, including the names and addresses of wards all the future, including the future of the family, marriage must be in each place they would stay. "For,"

deeply, everlastingly enduring, and permanence and compatibility he said, "I wouldn't be able to get are worth working for, worth living for, worth cultivating the essenmy girls to take the trip with me if tial qualities of character. Thomas Carlyle has given us a sentence I didn't guarantee that they could

that we would share with those newly married, with those long attend Mutual, Sacrament meeting, married, with those who will be sometime, with those who are and Sunday School wherever we about to be: "Courage"; he said, "and be true to one another!"1 are."And so, because two girls

What a stirring, briefly stated standard, what a great source of wanted to attend their meetings, an safety! Respect, kindly frankness, patience, temperance, honor, entire family would also attend, even

encouragement—and surely not forgetting the need for unity of while on vacation.

purpose and for common convictions: with these, the language of Once a month the bishopric in

the poets may live to have much meaning. Have faith and courage, each ward holds a meeting with the

another!"1 avoid the "and be true to one—and presidency, secretaries, and scars, the senseless YWMIA costly separations, heart. the hurts of the deep cruel leaders. this agegroup During

Reminiscences of Thomas Carlyle. meeting the percentages of the past

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the month are compared with the

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 25, 1961. Copyright 1961. (Continued on page 662)

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Everything

in this picture

(except the smile)

comes from oil

The planter, the upholstery, the table, the floor covering... even

the decorative fruit.

For oil today is being put to work in more than 400 new ways each year—in plastics, synthetic fibers,

detergents, paints, insecticides and plant foods for farms and gardens.

The future?

Standard's scientists pioneered many of these developments.

They predict an entirely new world of oil products in the next ten years...creating new industries

and new jobs.

Jimmy could grow up to live in a house made almost entirely of oilbased plastics... siding, roofing,

door and window frames, even the windows. He will probably drive

a car with a superstrong plastic body, over highways made of plastic and asphalt.

New products, of course, are not the only reason why, by 1971, the use of oil will be about half again as great as it is today.

Oil and natural gas will be supplying 90% of all the heat, power and mechanical energy used in the West... where transportation

systems, automobiles, homes and industries are increasing at a rate faster than in any other area of the country.

Standard will invest $50 million this year alone in the expansion of our petrochemical facilities.

another $350 million will be expended on other phases of our

Company's growth.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

SEPTEMBER 1961 661

::-'::::::".'.:::-":::::::::-?.::::::.v::::

( Continued from page 660 previous month and also with the year before. This shows whether

the program is succeeding. Sometimes even in wards with the highest percentages, there are often one

or two girls who are not attending as they should. To these girls special

attention is given. When the class

leader reports what has been done to try and interest the girl in the

Church and its activities, other suggestions are made and other people assigned to see what they can do to help. Sometimes it is the bishop

or one of his counselors who finally CUNARD'S succeeds in bringing the girl into activity. Such meetings make everyone more aware of the individual TREASURE CHEST girls and their needs both spiritual

and temporal. It also adds to the

girls'feeling of importance. OF VACATION FUN... The story is told of three little

girls, two of whose mothers always called them in when it began to get TRAVEL VALUE! dusk. The one girl was never called

in but left to come when she wanted

Sailing away to Europe or on a cruise to.otherYearstwo girlsafterthatshe sheconfidedwantedtomorethe

to enchanted ports... Cunard offers so much more than anything else, as she was growthan just transportation! ingin, up,too, tosohavethathershemotherwouldcallknowher

she loved her as the other girls'

Cruises in every season... to suit mothers did.

every budget, time, and taste! Autumn Mediterranean and Black Sea Cruise The Girls'Program is like a mother

girl. for love her Everyher CARONIA and either Cruise aboard of away Cunard's

3 52 in interest a personal has days 24 ports one more airconditioned resort floatingtwo hofrom N.Y. Oct.$1,100 up*

girl. "called"is often She everytels, the Caronia Mauretania! and

Enjoy Cunard's outstanding cuisine, Sunshine Cruises to the West away from undesirable activities and flawless service, shipboard luxury as Indies & So. America friends and helped to enjoy church

MAURETANIA glideyou from one exciting port of activities kind of and the right

N.Y. 17, Dec. 22, from March April 3 andcall to another. 17 friends. "mothers"Understanding 4-9 1015 ports days $300-$415 up

their "sisters"around put armsCrossings to Europe this fall and South PacificFar East Cruise and her, her, enlove comfort her to

CARONIAwinter... with savings for you! from San Francisco Feb. 9 courage her. They help her to stay from N.Y. Jan. 27;

Cunard offers substantial savings on 90 days 22 ports $2,775 up closer to the Church and to live the stabilizersmooth roundtrip voyages the her with gospel. enjoy They

AllMediterranean into Thrift Europe Season, beginning to helps Cruise training her become which MAURETANIA 23.August are saveven bigger There

ings when you sail round trip under from N.Y. Feb. 3 38 days 16 ports a better woman, a better member

Cunard's new Excursion Plan Novem- $985 up* of the Church, a leader in his ber 1, '61, to February 28, '62; spend Spring Mediterranean Cruise kingdom.

21 full days in Europe! Your roundCARONIA As one MIA leader has said: "The

trip Excursion Fare can be 25% less from N.Y. May 1 39 days 18 ports Girls'Program is invaluable. It has

than regular Thrift Season fares $985 up* helped to develop testimonies, reRemember, Cunard fall and winter North Cape Cruise activate inactive girls, set ideals and sailings offer the same fun, luxury, CARONIA goals, kept parents aware of the cuisine, and service as in every other from N.Y. June 28 45 days 23 ports needs of the young people, provided

sailseason. Whether you away to up* $1,175 wholesome recreation and entertaincruise to pleasure,Europe or away Unlimited stopover in Europe with return pasyou'll have an opportunity to visit sage in the Queen Elizabeth or Queen Mary ment, helped the growth and deNew York, with its magnificent theincluded in your cruise fare. velopment of young personalities,

atres, shops, and sights! and basic and most important of all,

has given our girls a solid foundation of the gospel."See your travel agent... and GO CUNARD!

CUNARD LINE, 25 Broadway, N.Y. 4. BO 9-5300

210 Post Street, San Francisco EX 2-1307

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

r-. f ew: a

I.;,. sou

IK OJNTE COMPACT UINTIT

H

\vj

"'"v>..

NEW Baldwin Model 46C

Richer tonal resources, greater musical range and important new playing features never before available in a compact organ are yours with the new Baldwin Organs, Section 73

Baldwin Model 46C Church Organ. Completely selfcontained console. 1801 Gilbert Avenue, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Threechannel, seventywatt amplification system. Full 61note manuals, Please send me full information about the new

25 pedals. Dramatic chorus effect controlled, from tone color panel. Three Baldwin 46C Church Organ

ensemble presets. Optional percussion ensemble. Wherever a custombuilt Name—

features—and moderate Name of Churchorgancost—ofinstallationthe Baldwinis impractical,46C make it theideal.exclusive

BUILT BY AddressSend now for complete specifications City. -Zone- -Stateand full co/or illustrations of the Baldwin PIANOS OROANS Clip coupon and mail to address above

new Baldwin 46C Church Organ

SEPTEMBER 1961 663

IN YOUR HOME...

Sharing the Gospel in MIA IN YOUR CHAPEL...

(Continued from page 645)

"Can we play?"

"Let's find out!"

The sports director welcomed the nonMormon girls and explained the eligibility requirements to them.

They wanted to play the game that had been described as so much fun.

Play they did, and they helped win the stake tournament, and their team went into division play. They won

the games there, too. At the end of

the game, in the excitement and noise of winning, these girls brought their mother up to meet the ward and stake sports directors. After

the introductions, acknowledging the can I learn said: "Where PRATT & LAMBERT mother

more about a church that provides such recreation for my daughters and teaches them such high standards?"CaMnateclCotoM

Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decoAn appointment was made that night for the stake missionaries to rated are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt LDS Chapels

visit the girls. mother and her Today, varnishes. paints and & Lambert in northern California, the mother

both daughters are active, SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. and

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"happy, members of the Church that 330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah teaches high standards, while pro-—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—viding recreation for the young.

In Salt Lake City a Gleaner with a slight physical handicap was not coming to the meetings. A leader

* SALT LAKE CITY'S lleivett otel oncametheforgirls'her, basketballencouragedteam.her to playThe

girl became happy, found her selfconfidence to the point that her HOTEL physical handicap didn't seem to bother her any more. TEMPLE SQUARE

MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS * a #

Managed by Eva Simmons The Young Men's Mutual ImAssociation a similar has DOWNTOWN RATES: provement program. Here is what some

SINGLES $6.00 young boys have written: of the

DOUBLES $8.00 "I've played on several athletic

TWINS $10.00 teams, but I've found that there is

something different in Mutual basketball. Our team played better,

and we had more fun when we were trying for the sportsmanship trophy in the tournament.... This

is a wonderful program, and I'm grateful to the Church leaders for making it possible."

That is from southern Utah. And

from the Pacific northwest:

"I go to a Catholic school, date a of girl, and am a member FREE Drive /nPammg theMormonPresbyterian Church. I got acClarence L West, Manager throughquainted a withwellorganizedthe MormonBoyreligionScout EL 5-2961 PHONE

75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah ( Concluded on page 666

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LETS SERVE A PERMAPAK DINNER

Yes, let's have a PERMAPAK dinner! Thousands already have... and they're our most TYPICAL MENU

enthusiastic boosters. But... tasting is believing, so we're sure you'll be delightfully pleased (LowMoisture Foods)

with the results.

It's really easy. We've packaged this tasty, nutritious food in 25serving plastic bags, Potato Flakes (Mashed)

complete with seasoning. All you do is determine the number to be served, choose your menu, Gravy

order the number of bags required,* and follow the simple cooking directions. Meat Loaf* (including deWith the special purchase discounts, the total cost of the food itself is substantially less hydrated onions, MPF,

than 40c per plate. powdered eggs, tomato

PermaPak dinners are ideal for Relief Society Work and Business Meetings; Civil Defense crystals, and regular

workers; Priesthood parties; Ward and Stake dinners; Ward and Stake Welfare Committee meetings; ground beef)

Service Clubs; Hiking Clubs; YoungMarried groups of MIA; Storage Clubs; Family Reunions; Company Sliced Carrots

Parties, etc. Green beans, peas, or cabInterest in such dinners is always keen, and the remark heard almost invariably is, "I've heard bage

this tasted good, but I had no idea it was so delicious!"GelatinFruit Cocktail Salad

Yes, folks, let's serve a PermaPak dinner. It's fun! Apple Sauce

Biscuits *Meat loaf recipe requires adding 5 lbs. regular ground beef for each 25serving package. Punch

WHEN YOU COME TO CONFERENCE, VISIT PERMAPAK

NOTE THESE LOWLOW PRICES ON PERMAPAK PRODUCTS

PERMAPAK'S STORAGE FEATURE Wheat, 35 lb. can $ 2.95 Small Grinder $ 5.50

FOR SEPTEMBER Flour, 25 lb. can $ 2.95 Large Grinder $12.50

Potato Flakes 6/#10 $ 6.75 Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) No. 9 - $8.25 Yeast, 2 lb $ 1.75 1,000 50 mg $ 2.95

1 No. 10 MultiPurpose Food

MultiPurpose Food Milk, nonfat dry 1 5-gallon Instant Dry Milk #10 can, AVi lbs. $ 2.00 5-gal. can, 30 lbs $ 8.50

Shipping wt. 23 lbs. Apple Sauce Nuggets Instant, 15 lbs $ 6.25

Prices f.o.b., Salt Lake City 6/#10 cans per case....$15.00 Rice, white or brown

Too heavy for parcel post 5-gal., 35 lbs $ 6.70

ALL PRICES F.O.B. SALT LAKE GENEROUS GROUP DISCOUNTS

PERMAPAK 3106 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

IN 7-9479 Storage Food—Survival Kits—Camping Food

SEPTEMBER 1961 665

(Continued from page 664) YOU CAN program. I have played three years

on the ward basketball team. The REDUCE! association with these wonderful

fellows has brought me closer to with safe, delicious, economical God.... I am not a member of

the Church (yet)...."

program So it goes. The YWMIA SURE MEAL a stake 1.75 baptisms averages about

each year, with some 1,500 to 2,000 reactivations reported as a Church.

While the YMMIA has no statistics

Get slim and trim with 2 Sure Meal servings daily! readily available, it is believed that

Just mix tasty, nutritious powdered Sure Meal with milk or 2% the yield in their program is very milk for two lowcalorie (210241) meals a day. Then go ahead similar. # * #

and enjoy a satisfying 400 to 500calorie regular meal each day. "Remember the worth of souls is

OR, have two equally nutritious but verylow-calorie (169) Sure great in the sight of God;...

Meal servings, mixed with powdered milk and water, plus a sub- "And if it so be that you should stantial 550 to 600calorie meal each day! Thus, unlike fixed 900labor all your days... and bring,

it soul me, unto how one be calorie allliquid dietaries, Sure Meal makes it possible for you save in shall with joy him your great be to fit your daily caloric intake to your individual weightreduction the kingdom of my Father!

needs... and still allows one good regular meal daily to provide "And now, if your joy will be great

the bulk and natural food your body requires. with one soul that you have brought

unto me into the kingdom of my

Then STAY slim and trim with just 1 Sure Meal serving daily! Father, how great will be your joy if

Once having achieved the healthful, youthful figure you desire, you should bring manv souls unto you will want to hold your weight at that point by continuing with me!"(D&C 18:10,1516.)

one Sure Meal serving daily plus two caloriecontrolled regular # * # meals. Then on occasion, should you gain a few pounds, you simply Last evening Stephen Michael and

return to two Sure Meal servings a day for a few days. I stood by the side of the road

watching the youths go down the

Sure Meal is safe—a food not a fad! street to Mutual. How happy they

Sure Meal is scientifically formulated in an accredited West Coast were. As President Stephen L Richlaboratory and medically approved. It has been on the market for ards once said: "One of the blessover 4 years... an established product used with real success by ings we receive in doing the will of

thousands of persons with weightcontrol problems. It is a complete thein doingFatherit."is that we find great joy

food, carefully balanced to provide in a lowcalorie diet every essential nutritional element the human system needs. Sure Meal helps

you trim down and still retain the buoyant vigor that comes only through proper nutrition, good food and regularity. The Gentle Reflections

of Karen Louise Sure Meal costs up to 40% less!

Sure Meal costs as little as 19c per serving! Just compare this low (Continued from page 634)

cost with any other product of its kind

IMPORTANT: Should you be suffering from any serious health problem, it is particularly wise to they're all I've got and I'm sure

consult your physician before going on a diet. they think they're doing their best.

WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE A SURE MEAL DEALER? Wonderful profitIf I can live through a few more

maker for folks ivith spare time,! Great fundraising project! Send months of "pat-a-caking,"I may

start teaching them to talk. (The

coupon for details. Immediate delivery on phone and mail orders. gibberish they fire at me now is

Sure Meal is not yet available in food or drug stores. positively infantile. )

to teach if I can once them And* start in intelligently, out I can Don Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674 talk 1 087 East 9th South Check desired flavor: earnest with a more advanced

Salt training City program. Lake 5, Utah Vanilla Defatted Chocolate

Butterscotch Bland MapleQ end might they up as Why, fj Please rush the following quantin selling SURE I may be interested MEAL "peek-a- don't grandparents ities who of SURE MEAL:

20Meal Size $4.75 My name..... boo!"Who knows?

40Meal Size $9.00 My address Anyway, I'm staying.

240Meal Size (case]....45. 00 City Zone. State.

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tHllBililBiiyiff llililiiJllllllilif M&li

mm Cover it all with just one policy

FARMERS HOMEOWNERS DWELLING PACKAGE policy IS a THIS 4-lN-i PACKAGE eliminates overlap of coverage, complete policy, providing coverage for your home does away with the need for many policies. You save

against fire, windstorm and other physical acts... covmoney by wrapping up all, your dwelling insurance

erage for the contents of your dwelling... insurance needs in this one complete package.

against theft of your possessions while you're at home or traveling... personal liability and medical coverage Call your neighborhood Farmers Agent for full details.

which pays doctor, hospital and surgical fees... and a He's listed in the telephone book under FARMERS

host of other important features. INSURANCE GROUP.

Get the facts about Farmers Auto Insurance. It's the best auto insurance buy in America today!

Fast Fair Friendly jESfclFIRE INSURANCE EXCHANGE

Farmers 4ll!l Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE* FIRE TRUCK COMMERCIAL

SEPTEMBER 1961 667

Lonesome House keep a fellow pretty clear of grievsand pile, and there's room for a ances with friends. Besides, I keep garden.

( Continued from page 639 out of a lot of trouble with my artAnd you know, lots of times when poor man's art, that is. True to Navy I should have been working on Lesafter we have a decent place for a tradition, I paint everything—Judy son III of my Home Course in TV,

son or daughter."has pink closet doors with yellow I'd find myself lashed to a clothesIf the remarks were intended ininteriors! line post by three midget "cowboys."

sinuations, they just never struck We are buying a fiveroom house; The strangest part is that I'm the

home, for Judy and I were happy not in such a pretentious neighbormost agreeable rustler in these and content. Somehow, formula hood, to be sure, but the youngsters parts!

troubles, vaccinations, and measles have a fencedin yard, swing, and Well, we owned an old model car, so today we were off to inspect our friends'new "baby."It was a dream

and no mistake! When we drove up,

Helen and Walt were sitting on their kingdom's top step, dressed in white tennis togs. You've seen these cool,

posed magazine pictures—well, we

were right there in the midst of the real thing. They languidly sauntered

down to meet us, deploring the heat after a fast game, and all the while, we practically swooned in the magnificent shade.

Our three musketeers immediately began an inventory of the spacious lawn, and came back from time to time whooping about new discoveries. Now and then, they'd throw

their red canvas shoes in wild abandon, and leap crazily through the air, falling onto the deep grass like three dead ducks. They gave

the impression of having been recently released from jail, and it made me half mad; after all, we had

beautiful grass at home!

The actual tour of the house was SAVE BY MAIL a lesson in modern design. It was

true: Walt and Helen had spared no

of lovely detail in the nine any to forcibly drag at WESTERN SAVINGS rooms. I had Judy

away from the immaculately shining

One of the highlights of the Old West was "mail day"kitchen, and I must admit, I had a when people from miles around came to get news from yen to linger'in Walt's beautifully home that arrived infrequently by stagecoach, pony express equipped dark room. Judy just

or railroad. sputtered when she saw the upNow... a great convenience for your savings account Compounded4% stairs sewing room, which Helen

SemiAnnually casually mentioned could be used as is the Savingsby-Mail. at postage pay Savings Western We

by to Insured $10,000 nursery someday. the a office is as close mailbox. ways, both your as and our Federal Savings Loan and

three upstairs Corporation. Insurance Those bedrooms

permanent agency Open your account today! A to snore an invitation of were away the

the United States Government. rest of the day. That idea soon vanished, however; the little "villain

"1 trio"began a systematic plan of

WESTERN SAVINGS I slamming sliding closet doors, and I

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH I had to break that up. Anyway, I

Enclosed is my check money j must say I was relieved when Helen all asked Please of us to come downstairs a order for open $ | WESTERN to eat lunch. of: savings in the account name |

cool, quiet dining alcove subName I SAVINGS The dued the rascals, and not one elbow

I tablecloth. misty green leaned on the (if a joint account put second name here) J the though, during meal It was

Address. WESTERN SAVINGS AND LOAN COMPANY that Helen gave her first hint of

OFFICE: 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH DOWNTOWN annoyance. It seemed she was City State.. COTTON HIGHLAND WOOD DRIVE OFFICE: 4989

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ( Continued on page 670

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW! SURVIVAL KIT

A SCIENTIFICALLY DESIGNED AND PREPARED

EMERGENCY SURVIVAL AID FOR ANY AGE

DEXTROSE PAK (over 14,000 calories)

SALT PAK (compensates for body fluid loss)

FIRST AID PAK (complete first aid supplies)

VITAMINMINERAL PAK (100 to 400% of minimum established vitamin requirements)

FIRST AID AND SURVIVAL INSTRUCTION BROCHURE

Each individual can contains 2 to 3 weeks supply—for only $14.95 per can

SURVIVAL PAK has been widely accepted by authorities because it fulfills all of the requirements for health and storage (shelf life). Left in the container,

SURVIVAL PAK has a guaranteed shelf life of over 10 years... while most

dehydrated or canned items are not usable after 3 years or less.

GOOD FOR HOME

vMlv BOAT... PLANE

... SHELTER

Survival Pak SPECIAL P.O. Box 585 INTRODUCTORY

Salt Lake City, Utah OFFER ( ) check ( ) money order for $ <* Enclosed find

G e to:—( ) Four Pak \

*This product has been designed 55.00

specifically with the baby in ( ) Single Can mind. T4.95

Include State Tax—Postage Prepaid

SEPTEMBER 1961 669 (Continued from page 668) conveniently at Helen's fingertips, dignity, shrieked in a tone which lamenting something to do, now that she could still start a pointless argumatched her icy blue skirt.

everything was installed and in ment about a dozen pesky things. His mother caught Tom and,

order. Judy nearly choked, but As we sat together on the front Navy style, I applied corrective

after a quick glance at me, she desteps in the autumn afternoon, treatment to the seat of the trouble, murely dropped her dark eyes and Helen's face grew suddenly hard but secretly, I had a rather tired arm raved about the creamed chicken. and slightly pink. that day. Judy said something

Later, while the girls cleaned up The smallest of our trio, little about putting the flower in water in the dishes, and the boys, with full Tom, laboriously puffed up the the kitchen and made a hasty detummies, snoozed on the grass, Walt steps clutching triumphantly one parture with little Tom. I rounded

confided to me reluctantlv, that all prized salmon gladiolus blossom. up the other two, and when Judy

was not serene. With everything Helen, in utter disregard of her came back with the condemned,

Walt roared with foolish laughter and made a loud apology saying one little blossom wouldn't change the looks of Helen's immense flower garden. But from her coolness, I

had an idea poor Walt would be smoothing things over half the night.

Our visit came to an end about that hour.

I remember I kept thinking with great relief how wise Judy's advice

SEPTEMBER

BY LALIA MITCHELL THORNTON

Before the wild geese wedges pass,

Before brown puff balls drift and soar, Across the sere and brittle grass,

The heavy fog clouds fall once more.

Before the crickets call at night,

Or milkweed rovers spread a wing,

Before the thistle pods are white,

Or autumn winds begin to sing,

A royal goddess earthward bends—UNIVERSITY OF UTAH September beautiful, serene, An ever welcome inbetween:

No opportunity will outweigh in lifelong satisfaction the opGod's benison as summer ends.

portunity of a quality education. To pursue a planned program of

learning, under the guidance of a stimulating faculty, and in a happy student association, is a venture promising enduring benefits and pleasures. had been earlier in the morning.

Students at the University come from all parts of Utah and all The boys had wanted to bring parts of the world. You'll find opportunities for friendships and "Faultless"the pup. Oh, that would have been murder!

personal enjoyment with those whose culture and ideas are similar I guess Jimmy, our sixyear-old, to yours and also those whose ways are different from yours. summed it all up on the drive home.

We invite your interest in the opportunities offered at the UniHe growled over the top of the front versity of Utah with its broad educational scope that includes: Busiseat.

didn't Their whiz! house of "Gee ness, Education, Engineering, Fine Arts, Law, Letters and Science,

it. It in like lived nobody was seem

Medicine, Mines and Mineral Industries, Nursing, Pharmacy and the just like that time we went through

Graduate School of Social Work along with the Extension Division. that model house an'couldn't touch

nothin'!"Registration Dates—Sept. 2223 Fouryear-old Paul wasn't to be

silent, either. He shoved Jimmy out

Classwork Starts—Sept. 25 of the limelight and spoke his piece:

For full information write: Office of the President

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH 670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Where wuz their boys, too? An'a lonesome house!"of a failure all day out at Walt's

they didn't have even a pup. I'm My Judy is sensational when she's place, but now I was king in my own

goin'to feed 'Faultless'a big dish angry! home. I couldn't explain to Judy

of slush when we're home, too!"I jumped up and caught her beabout all of these thoughts, but her

Little Tom roused enough in fore she turned to go and held her loyalty and acceptance of me as I

Judy's arms to echo Paul's last close while a tear slipped down her was, made me feel like Atlas the words: cheek. The sweet fragrance of pink strong man. These were the treas-

"Slush, too!"phlox outside our door mingled with ures a man craved from the woman

I had to blame Judy for that word; the clean scent of freshly washed he loved.

she always says it describes dog curtains close to our faces. My And if I turned my head just right,

food. heart was at rest. I could get a glimpse of the coconut

Judy had been strangely quiet all I had felt inferior and somewhat pie out of the corner of my eye.

the way home, and for once I didn't have a talking streak.

When we reached home, it was dark, and I half sprawled over an tricycle.upset the boys noisily gulped Start Your While

milk, toast, and peaches, I put the car away, and fed "Faultless"hisslush out in his little purple house. MISSION SAVINGS

The boys wanted him to come in andromp, but I banned that. I guess I How

myself; to explain the reasoncould Early Planning Might Make the Difference inside becauseI just felt "growly"

I'd seen so many of my best friend's in the Fulfillment of Your Mission accomplishments that day. He had If you are planning to serve as a missionary... if you hope

given Helen so much! your children will be called, start a mission savings plan at

start, earlier Savings, the less now. American The you money as I out miserable swabbed I was

to while you need save American you pays you after splashy threethe bathroom dollars extra at semiannually a high compounded save,—earningsbecause

baths. 4% current rate.

I found Judy in her yellow duster, This means the amount you actually save will be considerably sitting very still in our one big chair, less than the $2,000 usually required for a mission. And, every

hands locked around her knees, her American account is protected by substantial reserves plus long, dark hair combed out from its anceINSUREDCorporation,to $10,000permanentby the Federalagency ofSavingsthe U.S.andGovernmenr.Loan Insurchignon. On the table sat a plate

of ham sandwiches, mustard, cold HERE'S HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE WITH OUR MISSION SAVINGS PLANS BY milk, and a giant slab of my favorite THE TIME YOU OR YOUR CHILD IS 19 YEARS OLD - IF YOU START NOW.

coconut cream pie. I wasn't irked Present At $25.00 At $20.00 At $15.00 At $10.00 At $9.00 At $8.00 At $7.00 At $6.00

any more. Age Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly

I slid down on the floor beside $2,043.71

1 1,893.63 clicked cherished chairher our and

i /Tk.( e present opposite I nes columns age 2 $2,040.96 1,749.39 in a "low,"remarking onlamp

will ite indicc that be the amount 1,879.21 3 1,610.75 $2,147.66guilty way, lyo u;

4 1,723.74 1,477.49 1,969.99 for old sweet, "Sorry, being fi +ho

for the 5 thanks Grouch, andGrandpa 6 1 9 vfjars of acIPi e -l\* $2,043.82 $2,024.111,839.44 1,799.211,635.06 1,430.681,574.31 1,349.411,226.29 I pretty I'mlunch. where can see

slow in the fortune department. 7 1,846.61 1,661.95 1,477.29 1,292.62 1,107.96

Suppose you'll be dreaming for 8 1,657.05 1,491.34 1,325.64 1,159.93 994.23

weeks about that freezer—not to 9 $2,212.28 1,474.85 1,327.37 1,179.88 1,032.40 884.91

mention the dishwasher an'—"10 1,949.59 1,299.73 1,169.75 1,039.78 909.81 779.84

Judy moved her knees quickly, 11 $2,262.81 1,697.1 1 1,131.40 1,018.26 905.12 791.98 678.84

suddenly she was on her feet. 12 1,939.24 1,454.43 969.62 872.66 775.69 678.73 581.77

The big old harvest moon looked 13 $2,035.28 1,628.23 1,221.17 814.11 732.70 651.29 569.88 488.47

right in at us completely unashamed. 14 1,661.62 1,329.30 996.97 664.65 598.18 531.72 465.25 398.79

Judy took quick steps to our big 15 1,302.47 1,041.97 781.48 520.99 468.89 416.79 364.69 312.59

window and stood before it. She 16 957.26 765.81 574.35 382.90 344.61 306.32 268.03 229.74

bent her head a trifle, but in a sec17 625.45 500.36 375.27 250.18 225.16 200.15 175.13 150.11

ond, she held her head up in a 18 306.54 245.23 183.92 122.61 1 10.35 98.09 85.83 73.57

proud, almost queenly way and an- "Computed at current rate of 4% per annum swered me:

THE beautiful can her have "Helen AMERICAN"SAVE

WAY"in. lives thatpalace no one I'll just (Ame/dcm& LOAN ASSOCIATIONSavinad&

keep my little house and husband HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah

and boys—and I'll love everyone and SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: 2186 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City 6, Utah

Street, Salt Market Lake City 4, Utah OFFICE: 3555 GRANGEReverything just as it is. I don't want

Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii OFFICE: DIVISIONAL 915 HONOLULU

KAIMUKI OFFICE: 1 142 - 1 2th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii

HILO OFFICE: 109 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii

KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

SEPTEMBER 1961 671 or are all either in school MIA in the Missions youth: working. BUITONI

of the and youth The MIA (Continued from page 641) to appeal decided in elders Vienna Macaroni to the Austrian people's love of goodthe an LDS Scout coordinator that "one music and oratory and scattered inboy interested in scouting and one vitations to an MIA music and man interested in boys gives a speech "youth program"throughout branch the nucleus of a Scout the city. After the program, the

troop."leaders mingled with the visitors

Of three LDS boys of scouting while enjoying a light buffet snack age in the branch, President Jess found only one interested in the program. After a fruitless search

for a leader, he concluded that if (any combinapackages Bay 4 "Wagon there was to be a Scout program BUITONI of tion) Wheels"—"Cars & Bikes"—then the branch president (himself)

MACARONI Men""Space the to Scoutmaster. be have or would BY STEP STEP Spinach MACARONI "Popeye"the every Scout and month Once

all 4). Cut try you suggest (we WILLES WANGSGAARD trip; BY EVA overnight took his leader an packof the front the out from

ages 4 dish illustrations. Send come rain, shine, or snow.

couthis with together them, the other two boys were Soon and to BUITONI we pon, joined interested the I watched while Summer went—in will deeply and $1.00. send you

BUITONI Enriched Macaroni Is "troop."Then nonmember boys besheaves,

in starch, Highest in "Lowest if join. they could ask gan to By the brands leading of all protein"southbound wings, with restless On

contains more Buitoni tested. 81% exyear, the troop of had a end

enriched ordinary protein leaves. than

macaroni and is made with depanded to include twentythree yeast. retreat food and steps germ lagging her fatted wheat I heard the gospel Scouts. is now being And these love will family whole Your feet. returning boys'school high In of macaroni shapes unusual the to twenty... taught nonmembers

children! the FREE especially cutand their parents. Kimonoclad, she spread full span box. with every toys outs and FREE

In the Northwestern States MisHer pheasantfeathered geisha fan.

BUITONI DOLLAR OFFER 1 sion, 360 converts were baptized in Chrysanthemums shook out their

Dept. 00, South Hackensack, N. J. the month of April 1961. Of these,

fringed, illustrations 4 dish Enclosed of twelve the ages 269 between were of BUITONI packages the from find4 kerchiefs, pungent, autumnalso, Bright this mission, In nineteen. and above. listed Send me as MACARONI

$1.00. many young people have been tinged.

Name. brought into the Church through the A tall wind swept her off her feet,

(Please Print) doors of MIA. And they went tangoing down the

Address. In a branch in the northwest, a street.

City. Zone young lady who received an invitaSo light her step! How could it

so Ball tion to and Green was a Gold

Statemake friendliness fun at the surprised and prohibited, in states where Not valid deep a print? So old an ache? So expires on deOffer that occasion of the she became or regulated. taxed

September 15, 1961. termined to learn more about the

Mormons. She began to attend firesides and Mutual and to study the

gospel. She was finally baptized.

Another young lady in the same mission was invited to go to MIA TFQTTJ with a close friend at a time when and thus obtained referrals and apTABLE AND casting for a oneact play was in pointments. Five baptisms resulted

CHAIR TRUCKS f progress. The girl became deeply from contacts made at the first MIA

interested and got the lead part. program.

After attending MIA for a while MIA groups in other areas of the she turned to the friend who had world also provide valuable service invited her to Mutual and asked, and enjoyable entertainment for

FOLDING "Cheri, how can I be baptized and tourists and the local populations.

PEDESTAL TABLES join the Church?"The missionaries As Matson Line ships dock at

Direct from factory savbegan meeting with her and bapPapeete, Tahiti (French Polynesian ing Schools, to Churches, organitized her last April. Mission), on their regular South Sea Clubs, Lodges and all

zations. MONROE 1962 In Vienna, Austria, elders disIslands cruise, an LDS choir of some

Folding Tables are Banquet their forty on spent voices perform that teens board for sumcovered for quality, ft'i duraunmatched in youngsters the passengers. or Other attending movies evenings mer Tl Sortitions bility, convenience and handsome appearance. 68 models and sizes for spazderen (walking). Daytime trackdance both Hawaiian and Tahitian

every use. Write for prices, discounts, terms. ing brought them into contact with dances, grandmothers delight audiFREE- BIG 1962 CATALOG

Full line tables, chairs, few young people because Austrian ences with their lively Aparima Colorpictures. MONROE

table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portable partitions. Write today!

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Samsonite CHAIR BUYERS GUIDE

(hand dancing), and men sing Himene Tarava (old legends, genealogies, and Bible stories).

In the Callao Branch in Peru, missionaries provide a service to the people in teaching English. Peru is

a land where there are few public schools, and private school education is expensive. The elders hold

an adult class, a class for young girls, and a class for Scouts each week at their regular MIA meeting.

Classes are followed by an activity.

In most missions throughout the

Church, an annual MIA "youth conference"is held. To these functions

the Saints gather with their friends for three or four days of fun, study of gospel truths, and testimony bearing.

They sing, talk, and play together in an atmosphere of happiness and unity. SAMSONITE HAS IT (the best chair for your multiple seating needs;'! In New Zealand, a semiannual

Hui Tau is culminated with a culEvery chair has electrically welded tube steel Counterpoint White and Gala Blue.

to resist parts Bonderized construction (metal chair; arts festival vinyluphol-tural of music E. #1200. arm Samsontex Folding Maori finish rust); for chipresistant baked enamel in stered, Grey, Brown, Contract Counterpoint Counis pick, to order now! your long wear. Take This a climax andand dancing. terpoint Gala Blue. Counterpoint Tan, White,

MIA study of Maori culture in many A. #2600. Steel folding chair in Bronze, Brown, Grey. For church, school, club, other group seating information, see your Yellow Pages year, This branches. the mission'sof Samsontexupholstered stacking Luxurious B. #6400. Bros., write: Institutional Shwayde:

chair in Yearling Black, Yearling Tan, Yearling White. orSeating Div.,Dept. Detroit Mich. 29, Africa, reported it 91in the mission South

in Counterpointa record MIA youth conference C.Tan,#2650.CounterpointPlastiShieldGrey. folding chair

attendance. Over 700 people at- D. #1700. Vinylupholstered folding chair in Contended a fourday Easter weekend tract Brown, Counterpoint Grey, Counterpoint Tan, FOLDINGSamsoniteand STACKING CHAIRS

MIA youth conference. This was

climaxed by an Easter cantata.

Over 600 members and friends attended the Northern Mexican Mission annual conference last year.

Following a pattern set at youth conferences throughout the Church, the districts brought their finalists in dance, music, speech, drama, girl's volleyball, and boy's basketball for mission playoffs.

At the combined British missions'youth conference at Filey, YorkYour Whole Family Will Go For...

year,shire, last Church over 2,000 friends attended andmembers a DELICIOUS NUTRITIOUS TAMALES threeday conclave at which tennis and swimming were added to the SPECIAL PRICES activity program. Most of the other For Church Groups on all Wilson Products:

missions in the Church could make Beef Steaks, Veal Steaks, Potato Salad, similar reports of success in conCole Slaw, Tacos, Tortillas, Chili Con ducting their youth conferences. Carne, Pizza, Frozen Pies, Tamales.

this a precedent was year In May Phone HU 6-8716 the generalset board of the MIA by in that members of both the superinFree Delivery tendency of the YMMIA and the presidency of the YWMIA had the opportunity of visiting some of the foreign missions in the Church and of attending youth conferences in those areas.

General Superintendent Joseph T.

Bentley and Assistant Secretary

Charles E. Mitchener, Jr., together

with General President Bertha

SEPTEMBER 1961 673 S. Reeder and SecretaryTreasurer

Helena W. Larson, visited a number

of stakes and missions in Europe.

While in the British Isles, they attended a youth conference of the

North British Mission and the Manchester and Leeds stakes at Prestatyn, Wales. Sisters Reeder and

Larson then attended a threeday youth conference at Tampere, Finland, over where 1,000 people were F/Jtm aim this fortyconference, At 'a tml IlMii.W/MmiL lllltl NEWS HAPPENS ANYWHERE present.* received individual awards. two girlsRwmaa(K **!.! Fourteen awards were for 100 percent attendance at Sacrament, Sunday School, and MIA meetings.

Sister Reeder also presented a young

Finnish woman with her Golden But no matter where it happens, The Salt Lake Tribune has someone there Gleaner award. This was the second person to earn this award in

to cover it, report it and shoot it at the speed of light directly into the editorial this mission. During the conference,

office in Salt Lake City. That goes for pictures, too. Just look at the services the MIA comedy Courtin Time was

providing news for Tribune readers: Associated Press and A.P. Wirephotopresented. It had been translated

into Finnish just eight weeks prior

Reuters Worldwide Service—New York Times Service—Chicago Daily News to Sister Reeder's visit.

Service—Chicago Tribune Service—Dow Jones Business News—New York While Sisters Reeder and Larson

News Service—United Press International—Plus a Tribune leased teletype were in Finland, Brothers Bentley

and Mitchener attended a youth service and more than 100 correspondents to cover the Intermountain Area. conference of the British Mission

AH in. and the London and Leicester stakes

at Minster on the Isle of Sheppey. fb* j&dt vkt %tihwxt

Over 700 people attended this conference.

Last year, YWMIA Activity Counselor Sister LaRue Longden (while

BEGINNING IN THIS ISSUEJohnaccompanyingLongden,herAssistanthusband,to Elderthe

Council of the Twelve) had the opAnother "first"for Era subscribers portunity of visiting Tahiti, Tonga, Samoa, Australia, and New Zealand.

While this tour was taken as the

The Improvement Era wife of a General Authority, Sister

Longden was able to observe how

MIA was being handled in these DIRECT SHOPPER areas.

A mail order section especially designed to bring together ChurchWhile thattherehaveare manyyet to areasbe blessedof the in one place, information about quality items of unusual by the presence of general board members, missions throughout the interest or usage. world are forging ahead and using

MIA as an effective tool in the

All products advertised carry a guarantee to satisfy or proselyting and fellowshiping promoney will be refunded when merchandise is returned in an gram of the Church. The list of

missions and their activities and acunused condition. complishments is a long and impressive one. Each can report cases of

Improvement Era advertising is carefully screened and conversion and reactivity through to Berlin, Kong From Hong may be relied upon. We respectfully suggest you try ordering MIA. to or Anchorage Tokyo, Melbourne

the products you find of interest from the to beyond Rio de Janeiro, MIA is assisting in the upbuilding of God's kingdom on earth.

*The Finnish Mission has only 1,800 Church DIRECT SHOPPER members.

Pages 690691

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This mark tells you a product is made ot modern dependable Steel.

The Great Cause of MIA

(Continued from page 627)

effect upon the audience. To young

people especially, a wellwritten, w **:?: Z-'

wellenacted play is not only a "mirror"of nature—it is reality itself;

and formative impressions are made for good or ill.

The drama is a very important..JMH'..:

phase of the MIA. It is entertaining, to social refinement contributes

It Bpili w. development. to educationaland

should create a taste for the best I and highest in literature and in life.

In one of our revelations, the

Lord has said that the song of the WF iiiiiiKm f3raSnH righteous is a prayer to our Father in heaven. (See D&C 25:12.) I

say to you, develop this art of divine How melody further and better. Try so

fill willto live that good music your Bob Maciejczak in thehearts. music Participation

festivals and activities sponsored by the MIA will help you attain this earned an extra goal.

Years ago, Ruth May Fox, the $18,827"grand old lady of MIA"wrote words which, set to music, has been called the "rally song of MIA."You

who love the Mutual and its work Bob Maciejczak works at U. S. Steel's South Works in Chicago,

know these words well: Illinois, and he's the Corporation's champion Employee Suggestion Plan winner. Over the last four years, he's had 16 suggestions"Firm as the mountains around us,

Stalwart and brave we stand adopted—and he's been awarded $18,827.

On the rock our fathers planted Thousands of U. S. Steel employees have received cash awards

For us in this goodly land.

The rock of honor and virtue, that are based on benefits generated by their suggestions. Since

Of faith in the living God. 1957, employees have sent in over 200,000 suggestions, and more

They raised his banner triumphant than 46,000 have been adopted and put into operation. The EmOver the desert sod."ployee Suggestion Plan is one of the many ways U. S. Steel

Today, we have youth in MIA, develops better techniques, better employees—and better steel.

"stalwart and brave,"who have never seen those mountains or that desert, so prominent in the history of our people. The spiritual heritage

liveis theirs, as they and embrace mgS) United States Steel"the of honor rock and and virtue,""faith in the living God."TRADEMARK

And so, to the youth of the Church everywhere, we say "O youth of this noble birthright, SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS

Carry on, carry on, carry on!"

with A Present Appreciated The YearRound

An Idea! Gift For:

Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends and All the on meditated who have New Membersart of governing have been mankind convinced that the fate of empires A lovely gift card will be sent in your name.

depends on the education of youth. Send Only $3.00 For 12 Big Issues To:

—Aristotle 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1961 675

YOU are INVITED

To join us in a FABULOUS VACATION! President McKay's Birthday farseeingto match greatinsight,dreamswith theand abilitygreat

January 7, 1962 plans with business acumen and

Leave winter at home and Fly to: (Continued from page 627) commonsense practicality. There

Land of is nothing of smallness in his mind or soid or plans or purposes. With

eternal Spring, our revered prophet. his eyes on the limitless opportunwith he moves of eternity,

Deluxe meetities speaking he is in a Whether in the pracastuteness and courage

Hotels, Fabulous ing, session conducting a conference tical affairs of time.PPJ entertainment. in the Tabernacle, leading the

4 days at the beach. Visit Mexico City, twentyfourth of July parade, or President McKay is universally

Taxco, Guanajuato, Lake Patzcuarro, etc. walking down the street, young and loved because he loves universally.

is great because he devotes his Complete tour only $299 from Tucson or old alike are drawn to him and He $333 from Los Angeles, Air fare included. deeply impressed by his presence—time to great deeds and great

Call IN 6-7171 or HU 4-3572 or Write: his distinguished face, the silverthoughts. He understands the misERMA WHITE Fiesta Tours Travel Agency, gray hair, his manly bearing, his takes of men and sees also their

2890 Melbourne Street, Salt Lake City, Utah radiant spirit, his warm smile, his better side, and by what he is and friendly yet piercing eyes. We agree what he does, earns their love and

with the many whom we have loyalty. Indeed, he seems to be a

TYPEWRITERS prophet."heard say, "This man looks like a symbol121st Sectionof theseof thewordsDoctrinefrom andthe

especially suitable for In his eightyeighth year he is Covenants: "... by persuasion, by

alert, forwardlooking, progressive, longsuffering, by gentleness and love unfeigned; meekness, by and forknowledge, pure and By kindness, has GENEALOGY WORK andward courageous,movement ofas thethe Churchgreat

demonstrated. His tall, handsome which shall greatly enlarge the soul SAVE! bearing and rugged physical stamina without hypocrisy, and without

25% to 60% have come to him from stalwart guile-'(D&C 121:4142.)

on Factory Rebuilts forebears and from a hardworking, This also, typically, he cites: "We

PORTABLES - STANDARDS cleanliving life, and have helped know that we have passed from

ELECTRICS him to carry the ever greater load death unto life, because we love the responsibility and and decision of his brethren"(I and John 3-14), Write For Free Literature the hours long and lengthening the reciprocate of associates from daily attention to duty. An early depth of their soids, and would ScPihmjsuA. 9rue. riser from lifelong habit, beginning follow him, as it is his right to lead,

in his youth, seldom he on the farm they him follow even as would is Business Machines and Supplies sleeps a.m. past five and he is. prophet servant and often whose

757 So. State at the office before six. Early apSalt Lake City IT, Utah pointments, meetings, and attention All of us are a little sad to realize

to the endless pile of papers and that he is one year older, but we problems are daily routine with him. give earnest, grateful thanks to our

prolonged the life of our leader.Expensepaid evidenceMany ofmenpressureunderandpressureimpatience.give Heavenly Father because he has

FOREIGN TRAVEL! theBut Presidentquality of McKaygiving hasfulldevelopedattention Church,It is forour thisconvictionforward thatmovingthe

Make Your Dreams Come True! to every person with whom he has time, could not have had greater,

desire to travel? HAVE YOU Stop dreaming! approaches appointment an sincere, or who undercourageous, moreDO started Get right now! Travel this expensepaid as a way cosmopolitan personality busiwith relawith this a problem. even him that And leadership standing than ofness abroad. You're accepted as a business person,

tively anot are not matters unimportant goggleeyed tourist. given has prophet Find choice ivhom excitement God few

tourists"life encounter. as See really lived. Travel dealt brusquely or inattentively Presius. Prophet to our andwhile And earn expenses you. Plenty left of time for play.

with. happiness, dent, wish health and Learn we of Mysteries Import!

everything! you showWe to do What to do it How His devotion to his beloved comsatisfaction, divine assurance and to plan foreign tripsHow that for! themselves. pay

Buybelow wholesale. years, for sixty the pennies Pay fabulous panion than prodmore strength great sustaining of the and

for dollars you friends, to stores, order. mail chiltheir seven choice mother of big that in ouructsMake Father—and comes at Import sellmoney from investwithout home

in productsment or previous experience. world Many his is see, as inspiration to dren, an association the blessed sweetness oftravelers save hundreds on personal purchases

alone. Start a profitable Business HomeImport graciousness courtly that sincere and and his loved ones, always with andoffers paid, expense taxdeductible travel. foreign her consideration courtesy for andSend Free nowfor forever. Book, to "How Export."&

obligation. to: WriteNo todav CO., MELLINGERImport all in occasions. are evidence on And S.1554 Sepulveda, Dept. Tl659,Los 25, Calif. Angeles his birthday eightyeighth As

is his this felt throughout example n-'--: >,l(:-'!i--!i-.-<H[, t'ii'W.:-*( i '.i(iiiw join Saints with approaches we grandchildren, children, as family, him, the to honor world throughout

sisters brothers, respect and showIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS love declare our to him, pay tribute another affection and and one for

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple for the President in his relationship for him, pledge our loyalty to him, sore throat and other minor mouth to them, as well as in his official and dedicate our lives anew to and throat irritations. calling. service in the Church which he has

Increasingly in him one sees a been called by God to lead.

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City. Utah

{mmr-i/mm* ()()(>-()4

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UTAH STATE TAKES PRIDE Our Tree of

Seasons IN ITS NEW BY EVELYN WITTER RELIGIOUS FACILITIES

Because our children couldn't seem to keep their fingers off the

Christmas tree last year, my husband jigsawed a plywood tree for their private use. It was about three feet

high and stood securely on braces in the best lighted corner of their room. The tree's shape wasn't exactly evergreen in character, nor was

it any other specific species. "Just

a tree,"Bill apologized when he set it up.

But he needn't have apologized because the tree's undetermined characteristics made it valuable not only at Christmas time, but also all the following year.

At Christmas we used it as a Christmas tree with all sorts of homemade decorations (which kept Expanded facilities in the newly remodeled L.D.S. Institute of Religion

the children gainfully employed), now make it one of the finest in the Church. Here students combine

such as small colored stockings, conspiritual and cultural principles in building strong characters.

struction paper bells, stars, and birds. The Church has recently begun construction of eight dormitories and

a will all Stake help Center the opwhich enhance new University it In January as a snowwe used for spiritual portunity State. at personal growth and Utahcovered cutthe children tree with

ting white paper designs resembling snowflakes. Freshman Orientation

In February the children cut out September 2021, 1961 red hearts for a "Valentine Tree."

Near Washington's birthday they removed the hearts and replaced them with red cardboard cherries and Fall Quarter Registration little hatchets. September 2223, 1961 For St. Patrick's Day the children

traced and cut out green shamrocks. Write for catalog or information

In April the children decorated the tree "for real,"attaching forsythia UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY twigs via cellophane tape. Logan, Utah

At Easter time we used our tree as an egg tree. My, but that was a

gala tree! All sorts of eggs were

made out of plain white paper and colored in imaginative designs.

Through the summer months the

-.,tree "blossomed"with dandelions or THE CENTER OF

petunias or marigolds. (V CONVENIENCE V

In the fall the children cut out rt*,,**.** NEW AMERICA

and colored leaves—red, orange, yelUH/Of4 MOTEL

low, the leaves brown—resembling ROOMS 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL

MAIN5AIONAT FIFTH BARBERSHOPSOUTHon the trees around our house, and attached these to the tree.:----..:;!..:!.,

Our Christmas tree turned out to be a tree of seasons. Not only did it

add interest to their room but it also childrengave the constructive acsalt lake citytivities the through! whole year Nouy...

SEPTEMBER 1961 677 PH IIP* Itilr MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Go to Ae House of Prayer To aid and guide members of the Church in working out their salvation, the Lord has given his Saints a special occasion for sacred worship—the Sacrament meeting.

This meeting is the one appointed for the Saints to assemble and pay their devotions to the Most High.

It is the center of the organized worship of the

Church and the most important meeting held by those who have taken upon themselves the name of Christ.

) This meeting is the one to which the Saints go to gain the spiritual strength to: face the trials of life,

keep themselves unspotted from the world, walk in the light, be Saints in deed and not in word alone.

This is the meeting for the renewal of covenants, for the Saints to take upon themselves anew the name of Christ, for them to agree again to keep his commandments.

"And that thou may est more fully This is the meeting where the whole family is keep thyself unspotted from the world, called to worship together, where the doctrines of thou shalt go to the house of prayer the gospel are taught, where children are guided and offer up thy sacraments upon toward paths of virtue and righteousness, where the my holy day; hope of eternal life is planted in the hearts of

For verily this is a day appointed the faithful.

unto you to rest from your labors, This is the meeting in which the Lord gives his unto devotions thy and to pay shall have always faithful that they to the promise..."the High; Most can anyone more what his Spirit them. with to be And

(D&C 59:9-10.) ask than to be guided constantly by the Spirit of

the Lord?

Sacrament meetings open the door to all these blessings, and many more—if they conform to the

divine standard of excellence prescribed by Deity.

To help transform all of the Sacrament meetings in the Church into real spiritual feasts, the Brethren have been carrying forward an intensive, organized program of education and orientation for the past few months.

During this period an instructional film entitled,

The Sacrament Meeting, has been shown in a priesthood leadership meeting in every stake of the Church.

Those in attendance (Continued on page 688)

SACRAMENT MEETING CHECK LIST

Note: After reading the article, beginning on the opposite page, the following Sacrament meeting test

may be used to rate the effectiveness of this meeting. While the test is not an official one, it may

prove helpful in improving the quality of Sacrament meetings.

Possible Points Question Hon in speaker s message?

Points Received 0-25 4. Was speaker's subject appropriate and

1. Did the bishopric begin meeting on orthodox?

0-10 15 Did speaker (s) ramble?

time? 2. Was the bishopric properly on stand 25 Were Saints benefited by message?

and setting example of reverence at 16 How much time was given speaker (s)?

least three minutes before time of (Fill in one only.)

meeting to start? 20 Over 45 minutes

3. Were details of meeting arranged suffi15 4045

ciently before time for meeting to start? 10 3540

4. Does the bishop assign counselors to 5 3035

conduct meeting occasionally? 5 17 Did meeting close on time?

5. Was meeting conducted with dignity yet 5 18 WTas there a ward choir?

friendliness? 5 19 Was music appropriate?

the the people conduct was of 6. What

start (Fill prior to meeting? in one 5 If there was a special musical number of

blank only.) was it appropriate?

Noisy 5 20 Was Sacrament table properly prepared

Confusion at least ten minutes before the start of

Orderly the meeting?

2 Were ample trays provided?

10 Reverent 2 Was ample bread provided?

physical facilities of meeting prop- 7. Were

0-25 21 Was conduct of Sacrament appropriate to? erly attended

Sound to the sacred emblems?

Heat and/or ventilation 0-20 22 Was conduct of Aaronic Priesthood apLighting propriate before, during, and after the

Sacrament?

Seating 10 23 Did Aaronic Priesthood advisers sit with 8. Was the bishop's messenger on the Aaronic Priesthood boys?

stand? needed, was he used? 5 24 Was the priests administration of the If

Sacrament easily audible?

9. Were ushers used? 5 Well done?

If used, were they effective? 5 25 Was the deacons passing of the Sacra10. Were doorkeepers used? ment orderly and effective?

If used, were they effective? 26. What was the time consumed in the

11. Were announcements clear? Sacrament? (Fill in one only.)

15 Seven minutes?

Relevant?

Not too many? 10 Eight minutes?

Nine minutes?

the Sacraimpression was your of 12. What

(Fill in only (s)? one of Ten minutes? ment speaker

these. 27. Was Aaronic Priesthood dress appro25 Excellent priate?

20 Good Fair Total Poor Points 0-20 Was/Were speaker (s) well prepared?

Total ( Use your best judgment. ) Points

0-25 13. What was the interest of the congregaReceived

SEPTEMBER 1961 679

wo |feig#

BISHOPS COUNCIL MEETING

The bishop as the presiding officer of the ward has Prior to each meeting he would simply go down the an immense responsibility. He must face the challist and check or number the items needing attention

lenge of stimulating ward members to participate and make any desired notes after the items checked.

fully in achieving complete faithfulness. In the adWard Bishopric's Council Meeting Agendum

ministration of the affairs of the ward, the bishop's Unfinished Business weekly council meeting should be of paramount imPriesthood Meeting (Mtg. time e.g., Sunday—

portance. The value of the bishop and his counselors 9:00 am)

meeting weekly to make plans and work things out Aaronic Priesthood Meeting (Mtg. time)

together should be selfevident. Aaronic Priesthood Leadership (Mtg. time)

An opportune time should be selected and reserved Senior Aaronic Leadership (Mtg. time)

weekly for the bishopric to meet in council. Failure Stake Priesthood (Mtg. time)

to establish a specific time each week for the council Ward Teachers Report Meeting (Mtg. time)

meeting breeds inconsistency and hangs a heavy cloud Ward Teachers Committee Meeting (Mtg. time)

of uncertainty over the bishopric's domestic and Welfare Committee Meeting (Mtg. time)

church planning. This uncertainty prevents budgeting Ward Officers & Teachers Leadership (Mtg.

of time, an elementary requirement in the preservation time) of this invaluable commodity. Time must be profitElders Presidency Coordination Meeting (Mtg.

ably consumed before it steals away. Frequently we time)

squander time in a quest to find a better time, when Stake Leadership (Mtg. time)

all we need to do is to take time. An old adage says: Fast & Testimony Meeting (Mtg. time)

"Those who make the worst use of their time are the Bishop's Meeting, [Girls'Program] (Mtg. time)

first to complain of its shortness."Building Coordination Meeting (Mtg. time)

The next step a bishop should take is to eliminate Sacrament Meeting Planning situations which disturb or delay the council meeting. Officer and Teaching Personnel

He must eradicate the habit of telephoning during the Priesthood Advancements & Interviews council meeting. Every five minutes spent on the Sustaining, Setting Apart, and Ordaining

telephone is a wasted five minutes for each person Ward Paper ( deadline present; hence, with three people in the council meetFast Offering

ing fifteen minutes'time is lost. Dropin-visits by Building Funds

members can be prevented from disturbing if an Candidates for Baptism & Interviews (date)

Socialassistant ward clerk is outside the bishop's office to——Bishopric's

take messages and defer them until later. Missionaries & Servicemen

A third step would be for the bishop to have a Monthly Reports to Stake carefullyplanned agendum and to make necessary Ward Show advance assignments. One bishop has been successful Softball

by using the following check list to expedite prepaGenealogy ration of his agendum. This form was reproduced in YWMIA

quantity with a new form being used for each meeting. YMMIA

Bishopric counseling together is a necessary requirement for success.

Sunday School

Primary Relief Society WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

Scouting Miscellaneous OBSERVING Announcements Week's Schedule THE SABBATH1 PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY 2 We have been warned repeatedly not to trifle with 3...... sacred things. Lehi's vision (1 Nephi 8:19, 11:25)

4 dramatically portrays the necessity of holding to the 5 "rod of iron'or the word of God and not be led into 6 forbidden habits by the standards of the world. In

Assignments this vision he saw a building which represented "...

When the items checked have been adequately vain imaginations and the pride of the children of covered, the meeting should close. Sometimes a men."(Ibid., 12:18.) This building "... was filled

meeting can be over, but the presiding officer fails with people, both old and young, both male and to take the action of closing; and idle talk or generfemale; and their manner of dress was exceeding fine;

alities intrude, prolonging the meeting unnecessarily. and they were in the attitude of mocking and pointing

The bishop should control the meeting and guard their fingers towards those who had come at and were against "sidetrips"or "tangent"discussions. Attenpartaking of the fruit."(Ibid., 8:27.)

tion should be brought back to the items under disBecause the Sabbath was "blessed"and "sanctified"cussion by a comment from the bishop. it became a sacred day for us to observe as propriety

The counselors should understand that thev are requires. It doesn't matter to what extent others descounselors to the bishop and are, therefore, obligated ecrate this day and yield to social and recreational

to counsel him frankly and directly and not to become pleasures such as movies, sports, etc., or to merchan-

"yes"men. They should never give counsel with dising pursuits; we are individually bound by divine

some ulterior motive in mind. Their hearts should be injunction to "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it

free from anger and prejudice, and they should recogholy."(Exodus 20:8.) Therefore, we must be guided

nize one's mission in life is to save and not to destroy. accordingly.

It will become easier for counselors not to question What a wonderful opportunity it is for the family the judgment of their bishop when they realize that on this day to participate together in church activity, he selected them to be his counselors. This is the to go arm in arm to Sacrament meeting, building the

greatest compliment that one person can give to anfamily unit through singleness of purpose. It is a

other. It is the prerogative and responsibility of the day when we can relax at home between meetings

bishop to make the decisions after hearing the sugand enjoy music—a day where we may desire to read

gestions of his counselors. Then, when the decision and discuss timely articles with our family—a day for

has been rendered, the counselors should stand berestoring the choice things of life into the family unit.

hind that decision. ( Continued on page 688 This is our challenge.

Wm m

'Come join us x ''J "at preside.

f <f—I L T What a happy invitation:

It has a special meaning

among the young people in our Church.

It means

come over to my home

and we'll meet informally

and sing

and talk

and learn together.

What better place to be

than in a welcoming home

with friends

on a Sunday evening

after Sacrament meeting yyyy The word "fireside"has not always had this connotation. To one young boy,

later to become a great president, fireside meant light enough to read and study by so he might some day become a lawyer. To another president of the United

States fireside was a name given to a radio chat he gave to the nation from time to time during World War II. Fireside to pilgrims and pioneers meant warmth

from the elements and heat for cooking. Fireplaces graced the first homes in

America and the fireside was a place of gathering for family and friends.

Early one Sunday morning in 1938 the M Men and Gleaner committees of the general boards met to plan activities for the young people of this age. They

wanted these girls and boys to meet together often and enjoy each others'company. After Sacrament meeting on Sunday night had become a time for

many of them to gather in cars, on street corners, or in a show. Sunday had

been a Sabbath up until this hour, now what could be done about it? Often

many heads are better than one, and on this Sunday morning the idea was conceived to gather our young people in homes after Church. The name

"fireside"was suggested, and these gatherings have been so called for over twenty years. Firesides have become so popular that all ages and all groups

in the Mutual except the Beehive girls and Scouts hold them. This is a time for

friends to get together in homes and enjoy each other under the Sabbath influence.

The MIA executive manual states, "Firesides are socialized spiritual experiences, not just other meetings. They are Sunday evening informal gatherings

held in homes, preferably where a friendly atmosphere prevails and where young people can gather after Church. They are designed to give young people an

TODAYS FAMILY opportunity to discuss the principles of the gospel informally and have their questions answered. They develop testimonies of the divinity of the gospel

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, of Jesus Christ. It is also hoped that through them attendance at Sacrament

meeting will be encouraged and that they will stimulate activity that young

EDITOR people might engage in on the Sabbath in keeping with that holy day."

Many novel plans have been tried to create interest and motivate these gatherings. In general it has been found that small groups meeting regularly

in an accessible home are the most successful. These gatherings should be

opened and closed with prayer, and singing can be a happy part of the evening.

RAISE FUNDS Quickly... Easily! One fireside group decided to excellent laboratories.

memorize one hymn a meeting. The Refreshments can become a burEvery Latterday Saint young people would vie with one den on the hostess both in time and

home is a prospect... another to learn the words of the money. Let us plan here some fireYou'll find a ready song. side refreshments that can be premarket for Messenger's Don't make this just another meetpared a day ahead so Sunday can

Latterday Saints Caling. A fireside never should be just again be a Sabbath. Expense is

has endar. Each month a preachment. successful Many to factor another take into consideraart appropriate an ones a discuswith have been held us plan refreshments on tion. Let in full, natproduction

ural color, with a sion leader to throw out ideas and a 10c per person maximum basis.

brief description—and thoughts to the group for discussion, This cost should be carried by each

features every day dig then the deep. an and group would individual in the group.

interesting historical of Storytelling true in events our cover has Front event.

lovely fullcolor paintChurch history has a place at this Fireside refreshment suggestions:

ing entitled, "Miracle time. Some groups enjoy reviews of

Gulls."a fullcolor Also the of supplement on the MIA reading book suggestions. Fruits in season color design—ideally beautiful cover, in a back

suited for framing. Talent nights have been valuable Choice rosy apple

are that they an excellent way to Banana MAIL TODAY in COUPON better acquainted with become one for full details of successful Dish of strawberries and cream program fundraising another. missionaries Returned add of peaches Dish cream and

Stakes up to can 100% profit. and Wards make speakers, as guest and crackers cheese with Pear and for inspiration fundraising program tested proved and A their talks buildcan be testimony Watermelon organizations. and quorums

PRICES—Single copy 45c; 3 copies $1.25 ing. Some fireside groups have had Cantaloupe

12 copies $4.50; 25 copies $7.75 returned missionaries teach them the Bowl of cherries or grapes

USE HANDV basic lessons, stress missionary and copies $15.0050 Bowl of dates COUPON

pricesWrite on larger has scripture placed on been memoTODAY! sales plan. MAIL the proved quantities for &special rization. is to suggestion Another

P. & H. DISTRIBUTORS have an evening with a discussion

I 1051 E. 21st South, Salt Lake City 6, Utah I on temple marriage led by a qualiat once Please send Messenger I fied person. A course of five or six Art Calendars for 1962. Saint Latterday

Enclosed is remittance of $ firesides on the lives of our Church

Please send free information on Ward and leaders can be rewarding. A round A TEEN'S BEST FRIEND

Stake sales plan. table on characterbuilding traits BY KAY CAMMER

Name would be valuable to certain age

Address groups. There are many ways to

City.. State.. make these firesides intensively inMom's happy when I do

teresting and worthwhile. The most What I am told.

important rule is that the program That's why I wear my sweater conform to the standards of the SabWhen she's cold.

bath day. Bishops should approve

and assure that a close but un- I've heard her creep WHEAT MILL all speakers and films to be used Many times at night

ONLY noticeableat the fireside.supervision takes place AboutNudgingwithus blankets,from sleep.

$695 One mother made the comment,

POSTPAID "Never again,"after having an ExShe's kind and clever

ANYWHERE a curious blend fireside plorer in her But Mia and Maid

IN THE anxious mother said Of an of twenty of a group home. She STATES UNITED

Cracks or grinds young people not one thanked her And a teen's best friend.

corn wheat, and for her hospitality, many of the boys all kinds of hard grains, or soft chairs, the in best usurped and some min. lbs. per 1 Vl

girls left sit cases, the to were on

GUARANTEED the floor, the host and hostess were

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS not introduced to the group, not one offered to help serve, and wet glasses Canned fruits

PEHRS0N HARDWARE were left on polished wooden sur- A dish of applesauce with a scoop is an of vanilla ice cream these2115 So. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Ut. faces.exception,Thisbutcase,supervisorswe hope,of of fruit dish cocktail and a piece A

activities should do a bit of teachof raisin cake ing and build right attitudes with Ambrosia—pineapple chunks, orange

the boys and girls before the fireside sections, banana slices, grapes, and series for the year begins. true coconut A AWAY! IfEvenPLAY Don'tRIGHT You Know is / Saint real Latterday a or lady a \ a Note of Music Now /1;——rM '*i..- 'm real it'sNow gentleman. to Refinement EASY should JY\ rM; Cake i i miJ*Tilearn instrument. any if at it doesn't, begin home, but our Cupcakes filled with ice cream boring exercises.No 6|t\ \ '; **'**

Start playing real Mutual classes and our firesides are Cupcakes filled with lemon puddingpieces by note right away. Amazing progress at home, in

spare time. No teacher. Few cents per lesson. 1,000,000

students! Write for FREE BOOK. No obligation. No

salesman will call. U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Studio

A1209, Port Washington, New York. (Est. 1898)

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and topped with chocolate sauce

Piece of sponge cake topped with whipped cream and crushed peanut brittle or topped with lemon sauce* Spice cake—hot chocolate

Gingerbread squares garnished with whipped cream to which has been added sweetened applesauce.

Plain cake with a broiled frosting

Packaged puddings Make pudding into parfait, using alternate layers of fruit and pudding Serve vanilla instant pudding over different fruits * Orange cream pudding *Chocolate pudding sundae

Miscellaneous Hot apple cider and gingerbread men* Popcorn balls and chocolate milk

Doughnuts and apple cider Tunaburgers and root beer Hot apple pie (try using the frozen pies and baking just before servNEW ing. )

Jello in sherbet glasses topped with HOT CEREAL DISCOVERY vanilla ice cream FROM CARNATION!

Candy plate—divinity, quick fudge,

! New deeprich penocha 100% nourishing golden wheat Fruited Jello salad and date bread

Frozen fruit salad and nut bread flavor! Wonderful new smoothness

Hot mugs of tomato soup and cheese

Brings of welcome hot cereal! kind a different Nowstraws*

finest natural and enjoyment, flavor variety, new Fruit punch and angel food cookies. It breakfasts! Carnato family nourishment is new

(Cut cake in inch squares and tion Instant Wheat. 100% golden wheat -with wonnation

frost with different colored icings.) derful new smoothness, plus deeprich flavor. And

Orange floats—tall glasses of orange with all the natural active protein, B-vitamins and

assured by Carnation's true whole minerals of wheat juice with a scoop of vanilla ice

Surprise process. please the INSTANT lowheat exclusive and in it. cream *Date torte family with this new cereal. At your store right now! WHEAT

Milk shakes DISCOVER NEW CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT TODAY!

Cookie tray and ice cold milk Cranberry punch and buttered pop- a quality product from tarnation 2""%"corn Orange Fizz and cheese crackers.

For each serving scoop 2 balls of orange sherbet into a tall chilled glass and fill with an orange carbonated drink.

Walnut cookies* and postum made with milk stick. namon and stirred with a cinPERJURY FARM CHURCH BULLETIN BOARDS

Lemon Sauce ongation,LevariYETRidge,IT UtahPRODUCESis arid 15andBUSHEIShas no irriOF for Indoor

WHEAT PER ACRE. or Outdoor

its original that cornstarch fact tablespoons the 2 from gets Use... for making perjury with charged ownerIt wasits name 1 cup sugar he acquitted but when (1888) claim (hat was

Boards fertile. DAVSON Famous actually the dry farm proved cups hot water.. ChangeableLetter

in this farm from wheat storage your Get Announceand.Directory butter tablespoons 4

sack. High the cans gallon 5 lealed Boards, or by Cork Boards, ment

protein cache wheat. Chalk Boards, Name

Plates, etc.

'Recipes to follow. $2.50 per 5 gal. can, $4.50 for 100 lb. sack.

Send order or inquiry on prices for large WRITE for free catalog.

orders C. Utah. to Perjury Farm, P.O. Box 113, Nephi, A. IE, DAVENPORT311 North Desplaines Street,& SON,Chicago 6,INC.Illinois Dept.

SEPTEMBER 1961 685 FRESH...FROZEN...HOMECANNED...

2 egg yolks OR COMMERCIALLY PACKED dash1 tablespoonof salt water juice and rind of 1 lemon Your fruit will taste better when you use pure, sparklingwhite U and I Sugar. Each Mix the cornstarch and sugar tobright crystal of U and I Sugar is sixway gether and add to the hot water and

stir until smooth. Cook for 10 minquality tested to bring out the natural sweet utes in top part of double boiler.

flavor of everything it touches... especially Beat the egg yolks, add the tablefruit. There's no better buy spoon of water, and pour the hot

than pure U and I. mixtureStir and inreturnthe doubleto the boilerdoubleoverboilerit.

for 2 minutes. Add the butter and

remove from the heat. Add the juice

and rind of the lemon. Cut sponge

or angel food cakes into individual servings, top with a tablespoon of whipped cream, and cover with cooled lemon sauce.

Orange Cream Pudding (six servings) 1 package instant vanilla pudding 3 cups milk 2 cans mandarin orange sections, drained (fresh orange sections may be used) dash of salt

Combine the pudding and milk following the directions on the label of the instant pudding. When

cooked pour into bowl and chill.

Serve over orange sections.

This is the place to stay in Salt Lake City Chocolate Pudding Sundae

3 packages of chocolate pudding mix HOTEL UTAH 6 cups canned milk 6 cups water and MOTOR LODGE 6 tablespoons cornstarch

Sugar, vanilla, and salt to taste

SWIM at the Motor Lodge DINE at the beautiful new Mix the cornstarch with the

SKY Room, atop the hotel pudding mix. Add milk and cook

or the Coffee Shop following directions. Cool and put

or the Crossroads Restaurant in sherbet or parfait glasses. Use

(Motor Lodge) half pudding and half vanilla ice cream. Alternate layers.

SEE the outstanding scenic attractions nearby Gingerbread Men (Makes about 75 little men.) J? YOUR CHOICE of downtown locations,

adjacent to Temple Square Modern, air conditioned rooms 1 cup shortening 1 cup sugar Write or phone DAvis 8-91 14 for reservations V2 teaspoon salt

Max Dean, Manager 1 egg 1 cup molasses 2 tablespoons vinegar 5V2 cups sifted flour PEWS, PULPIT* CHANCEL V/2 teaspoons soda food ginger teaspoons 2The most economical wrap FURNITURE 1 teaspoon cinnamon use:i you can write j cloves for Free catalog 3A teaspoon ground W AND LOWDIRECTPRICES

KITCHEn CHORm J.RREDINGTON&CO. WAXED PAPER DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA tribute Cream well together the shorten- A ing, sugar, and egg. Add the salt,

vinegar, and molasses; beat and add

the sifted dry ingredients. Chill the

dough. Roll out to Va inch thick andcut with gingerbread man cutter. NonDrinking Drivers

Bake on greased cookie sheet at least 1 inch apart. Use a 375 degrees

F. oven. Decorate with candies or

icing.

Date Torte (This recipe too may be made the day before using.)

4 egg yolks 4 egg whites V/z cups sugar xk cup flour 3 teaspoons baking powder xk teaspoon salt 2 cups dates cut in pieces 2 cups broken walnuts 1 teaspoon vanilla

Cream the egg yolks and the sugar. Add the dry ingredients,

nuts, and dates. Fold in stiffly

beaten whites of eggs last. Bake at

history that drivers nondrinking shows are safer in F. oven a shallow325 degrees less accidents, accidents. serious fewer have

pan. oven from Remove when ride of all praises the the highways. Preferred still drivers—they"Highway"You deservesafety who

chewy. Cool and cut in Vfeinch Risk Mutual offers you a tribute in the form of better auto insurance

cubes. When serving, mix with protection at reduced cost."

sweetened whipped cream and serve WILLIAM N. PLYMAT

in sherbet glasses. President

Walnut Cookies With Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance % cup butter or margarine (for nondrinkers only) you get salt teaspoon % 1 cup brown sugar—packed tight 25% "ACCIDENTFREE"DISCOUNT

2 cups white sugar—if you have had no accidents during the past five years. 15% Discount if you

have during the had no three years. past eggs 4 well beaten - SECONDCAR discount CAR COMPACT discount 25% ALSO YOU GET3V2 drive flour, unsifted car. cups accidents'%-if you compact have two on second a car if you

F/2 teaspoons baking powder cars insured with Preferred Risk.

finely 1 walnuts chopped cup EXTRA AT COST AND NO—is our This Discount. "AccidentFree"earn you 25% "CancelProtection"—when5year written liability guarantee will of because protection not your be cancelled salt, butter, the and Combine

accidents Illinois, any in. you involved (.Not available Florida, in Colorado, may bethat

well.sugar beaten Indiana, cream and Oklahoma.) Add

eggs, mix. Add dry ingredients and IF YOU QUALIFY. SEND THIS COUPON

the nuts and beat well. Drop from 1E961

spoon on cookie sheets and bake at 375 degrees F. until lightly browned. (JxMeWied/ OuAk/Jl/uiiiudL INSURANCE CO.

V T50150 SOUTHSOUTH 4TH4TH EA!EAST - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Please send me, withoutCheese straws

Total Abstainers. I am a obligation,total abstainer,completeand informationhave had noonaccidentsyour automobilefor the pastinsurance3 ( ) foror

Vi pound sharp cheese, grated 5 ( ) years (check one).

F/2 cups flour Name. Address

% teaspoon salt pepper City State cayenne pepper Occupation No. of Cars in Family

V2 cup butter Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls

Auto Is Used for Circle Owner My inCar butter other and add Cream

Insurance of This Car MYSELF PRINCIPALORIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. Businessgredients well. blend stand and Let Expires:

Pleasure AGE Vsfor to hour. inch Roll about one Month

thick and cut in 4-inch by y2inch To and from work SEX Day strips. Bake at 400 degrees F. just....miles one way MARRIED Year

until lightly browned. America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

u-;i.lu in New York State, Massachusetts, Virginia, North and South Ca

SEPTEMBER 1961 GS7 Melchizedek Priesthood Page Presiding Bishopric's Page Church Moves (Continued from page 678) (Continued from page 681) (Continued from page 622)

were given a little brochure which It is not just the bishop's decision A mission presidents'seminar summarized what stake, ward, quobut the bishopric's decision, and 'L,J—the first of its kind to be

rum, and auxiliary officers should do they should go out of their meeting held in the Church—convened

to aid in perfecting their own Sacin unity—no one saying, "I wanted in the assembly room of the Relief

rament meetings. it this way"or "I wanted it that way Society Building in Salt Lake City.

Following this, one of the General but was overruled."On the conMost of the Mission presidents and

Authorities (or if there was no trary, the decision becomes their their wives, from throughout the visiting Authority at the stake condecision, or as the Savior prayed: world, came to Salt Lake City to be

ference involved, then the stake 'That they all may be one; as thou, instructed by the General Authoripresident) conducted a discussion Father, art in me, and I in thee, that ties and others and to exchange

on ways and means of improving they also may be one in us:..."—missionary procedures among themand perfecting Sacrament meetings (John 17:21.) selves. The intensive seminar lasted

in wards and branches everywhere. Bishops and counselors: Respect more than a week. On July 4th

When Sacrament meetings are so each other in all that you do. Never, receptions were held at which parordered as to fulfil measurably their never criticize each other—go to soents of missionaries were invited to

high purpose, then all of the procials together—do things together—meet their missionary's president.

grams and activities of the Church pray for each other—build bonds of

prosper; then the spirit of devotion love and friendship. Remember, no

and service generated in the sacracouncil meeting can be effective July 1961 mental service just automatically without decisions being made, withflows forth into all phases of church out assignments being given, and President David O. McKay

activity. without a checkup on those asannounced that the name of

By way of a checkup it probably signments. the Genealogical Society was

will be interesting to stake, ward, Read Gospel Doctrine, Joseph F. changed to the Genealogical Asso--

quorum, and auxiliary officers, in Smith, p. 185. ciation and that Elder Junius M.

particular, to test their own SacraJackson, former president of the ment meetings by answering, honBonneville Stake and the New Engestly and impartially, the questions land Mission would serve as presiin the following analysis. These dent. His counselors are Elders

questions, incidentally, are typical LaMont B. Gundersen and George

of those found on checksheets used H. Fudge. The officers released are

by members of stake high councils President Joseph Fielding Smith, in many stakes to evaluate and reVice President Mark E. Petersen,

port, by assignment of the stake IN PRAISE OF GRAY DAYS Secretary Archibald F. Bennett; and

presidency, and ward upon the and Petersen Smith, Elders BY ROWENA CHENEY President they meetingsbranch Sacrament Lund, A. William Bennett, Elders

attend. L. Garrett Myers, EIRay L. ChrisThis test sheet has been filled in Gray skies are restful and serene, tiansen, and Howard W. Hunter,

by a couple of thousand ward and Inviting quiet thought—directors of the former organization.

stakes. officers in variousstake

to rate theEach attempted last A challenge to the blazing hours Thecal Societysociety,offormerlyUtah, hasthebeenGenealogiserving

Sacrament meeting attended in his Which sunlit days have brought. the Church for more than sixty

or her own ward. Scores ranging years.

less to nearly than 100from 300 Beneath a dome of neutral tones, impartial recorded.were Many

bishops gave themselves a rating of Cool shadows mask the glare Workmen this summer are a few over 200 of the possible 340 As clouds stand guard against the making extensive repairs in points. In the sampling taken it heat the South Temple part of the

was frequently interesting to note Which shimmers in the air. old pioneer wall that surrounds

how much better the same meetings historic Temple Square. Over the

were rated by bishops than by years leakage of water through a others who attended. When aird skies are sultry, metal cap placed on top of the wall

Designation of the number of We welcome soothing grays, combined with water filterage from points to award for each item is Acknowledging the blessed balm sprinkling systems have caused a of arbitrary, there layer in the outer andsomewhat is Of quiet, sunless days. deterioration

this test. arenothing official But These about the old adobes. now

take it anyway and see how you feel being replaced with modern cement your Sacrament meeting rates. And bricks on both sides of the wall. A

then sit down and figure out what waterproof coating is being placed you can do in the field and scope of on the cement bricks making the your particular church service to replaced section of wall look similar see how it can be improved. Now the to the older sections still standing

test on page 679: around Temple Square.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

President Clark's Birthday great leader Moses: 'His eyes was not

dim, nor his natural force abated.'

( Continued from page 633 (Remarks of the writer at testimonial dinner by Equitable Life motivations. To him the framework Officers, New York City, Dec. 17,

of the Government of this nation was 1958.)

Godinspired, and the Constitution is So now, I conclude this writing almost as much to him as revealed which has come from the "overflow"scripture. The words of Van Dyke of my deep esteem and affection for

suggest his love for America: 'The my great personal friend and leader,

glory of the present is to make the I join with the hosts of his friends future free. We love our land for and admirers throughout the Church

what she is and what she is to be.'and outside the Church membership,

"But there is even a more deeply and in this and other countries in rooted conviction in his spiritual extending to him my prayers to the nature. For fully half a century he end that he may continue to live

has studied deeply into the life of among us as long as life shall be

Jesus of Nazareth as the Savior of sweet unto him. He is experiencing

mankind. I have known of no one what all who reach his advanced age

who seems to have 'met'more intimay find as has been said so well by mately, by means of spiritual forces another: "To live life to the end is

within him, this great life of Jesus of not a childish task."But we grateNazareth whose birthday we comfully and sincerely assure him that

memorate within a few days. even after he has gone to his eternal

"President Clark has become acreward, as long as our memories last, quainted with Jesus, first through an his shall always be a living presence almost divine quality to feel anto guide each of us by his example other's sorrows as though they were and his teachings On the Way to his own. His loyalty and tenderness Immortality and Eternal Life.

towards a friend or toward little children almost transcends human feelings. These Times

"He has 'met'Jesus at the Mount where the matchless Sermon on the (Continued from page 625) there delivered because wasMount of Christian peoEndeavor young GREETING Gifts CardsCARDS All Occasion ChristmasSell andis great utterance that of part no Wrappings Stationery Toys Jewelry but ple's societies, with large numbers

Christmas Cards Imprinted Name within reechoes continuouslywhich of the Disciples Methodists, among Extra Time Spare Money indiOrganizations,in in needed. Makeexperience soul. Gethmet'his Jesus has He Christ, the Congregationalists, and succeed. can big viduals,No shutins—all Make

friends, Write soul new his was ownsemane when others. Christian of the aim The for paytofor tosamples.100%, days—thentoo. 30 Try Christmas?J - Catalog, iw dayprofitsor Color Free return. Free Album of that as Jesus whentroubled was is Endeavor to encourage young $1.00 Ass't. Details. Christmas Cards, Imprinted Name

his of lights DeptER-z', shadows and 13, Broadway,the own York 361 New "to lives NX to HEDENKAMP, their life people consecrate helped him to touch divinity. the active service of God"and to

"Out West he has always stood to undertake the "practical work"of all of us, and wherever he is known, Christianity. More than eighty deas a symbol of neverending striving nominations in sixty nations have

no matter what the odds. These found affiliation with this youth AN INDEX FOR YOUR

words seem aptly to apply to him movement.

and appropriately to this occasion. Campus Clubs—On campuses of 1960 IMPROVEMENT ERAS

'Whatever choice you have chosen colleges and universities are to be for yourself it will not be a chore, but found wellestablished and ably led an adventure if you will bring to it a Newman (Roman Catholic), WestMake your Era's marvelous reference volsense of the glory of striving. If your minster (Presbyterian), Wesley umes by binding them, complete with an

sights are set far above the merely (Methodist), Hillel (Jewish), and index, for your home library.secure and mediocre in one's perother religious clubs. The more

sonal life as in world affairs, appeaseprominent student leaders, in my exBound volumes of the Era are also an ment can be the shortest road to perience at several large American failure.'universities, are generally active in invaluable part of your WARD LIBRARY.

"This and much more has been these organizations. These clubs

for opportunity provide education, Clark, Presidentwhat Reuben 1960 GET ERA INDEX BY SENDING YOUR friendly association, service. director Life Equitable and Jr., of ItheT.

TO: COSTS HANDLING COVER 10c TO Saint college student of Society the UnitedAssurance The Latterday

States, counselor, statesman, lawyer, who actively supports his Deseret friend, brother, and man of God, has Club or institute program will thus THE IMPROVEMENT ERA symbolized to those who know him. be well and favorably understood by

Truly in his advanced years it can his or her fellow students in these 50 North Main Street be said of him as was said of the times. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1961 689 The Improvement Era DIRECT

liveMODEL ENGINE STEAM - Precisionmade in CIRCUS SERBIAN Unique OPONKI. the WALLPAPER CUTOUTS. rea'm Decorate of footyour

will steam engine add realistic to power any nursery, den, wear—Serbian the high playroom "Oponki"style for you've your way wanted

operating model. Develops strong h.p. l/30th or lounging ski after to. They all come complete wear. Authentic with the trimmings: imported

at r.p.m., 1800 boiler, has fitbrass bronze fashioned hand of yards striped tent candy Oponki. Sturdy poles canopies, for and enough

tings, handthrottle whistle, steam pulgrooved ft. Serbian cuddly any tall circus 2 8 peasant stars, animals, circles, conversation—a piece on

ley wheel. off Operates fuel, dry safe stands in foot. ball any full and Color, exciting antique color illustrated plus leather, saddle com10". fuel, Germanmade. $8.95 ppd. Extra $2. size plete decorating instructions for range and paste. men and Complete 48 (advisable women

Galleries, Dept. Park ER10, Park 103 Ave., pc. set to foot only tracing). send plus $3.98 32c postage. $9.95 postage prepaid. Guaranteed

17. Y. N. to please or ROBBINS money refunded SHOP immediately. 14 So. INTERNATIONAL, Main,

LILLY CARO, Box 431-E, Encino, Calif. Salt Lake.

THE SONGS OF PIONEERS. 19 auMORMON "THE PRIVATE SECRETARY."type portBack-toONE-PIECE New CLASSIC. CORDUROY

thentic pioneer collected Mormon songs by filing. able in Keep your life order—School room FallWinter Tailorthat's and Washable

Dr. Fife, for presented some first the time. for sections Religion on—College Subjects for easyto-getinto—Made—BUSY snap A DAY

in Recorded style folksong Rosalie Sorrels by Real Estate Contacts——Thoughts belt. front self—Jokes. Tan, Turquoise, Coral, Red, and

and Saints. Singing The Beautiful inalbum construction. Durable attractive. Extremely Sizes 1044, Brown, Grey. Sizes A 12V2 24V2.

cludes book, song as containing an extra, words practical gift for everyone. $19.95 plus to postage. Sizes 20 $13.95. over - 20 -to$15.95. Add

all music of and songs. $4.98! ONLY cheek or Send NOW order to money 50c postage. PORTFOLIO Satisfaction CO., guaranteed. OLD

Columbia Research Group, Street, 3600 Market P.O. Box Salt 2492, City Lake 10, Utah. Tucson, Dept. 4035, Box PUEBLO TRADERS, RA9,

Salt City Lake 4, Utah. Arizona.

POCKET gift useful ALARM a makes WATCH for family your COATOF-ARMS Beautiname.

for This any... fine man. 7-jewel FRESH FRUITS Swissmade one every and day! TODAY fully handpainted, tastefully framed 8"xl0",can set to be off at time, Improve any rings go health your nature's with doc- a way! Many research report included. ppd. Please state $15

sharp, clear tone. to tors Back opens maintain that stand, juice a form derived raw from if origin of family, possible, such French, asmakes watch fresh fruits double as or a desk nighttable in vegetables and are invaluable English. D. German, C. Thorpe, Heraldics,

clock. Second dial, sweep, luminous Bex the hands, of maintenance health. good Onepiece, Wilton, 1 464, Maine.

year guarantee. $13.25 highquality, ppd. Robert stainlesssteel Gerard, cutterblade; heavy

Dept. ER10, 333 East 50th St., N. Y. 22. stainlesssteel basket. Capacity: over 2 quarts.

Price: only $119.75 prepaid. For further information write: ACME JUECERATOR DIST.,

4403 South 2950 East, Salt Lake City 17, Utah.

p 1... the merchandise shown on these pages

can be ordered direct from the companies listed. Enclose check or money order.SHOPPERS

GIANT BALLOON. Playing with these is great

picture changing moods HILARIOUS POSTCARDS surplus meteorogovernment brand fun. new A COVENANTS. NOW! DOCTRINERECORDED AND different postcards, with 23 each women. it's finest the longlogical balloon, from made Cov.l recorded Doc.The only complete &

in color. 17 ofcartoon inflated Easily rubber. lasting neoprene with section discs!long Easyfind inch play 12

gift. friends. Set to fun as of Give 23 Mail it'll ft., to eyes 12 to or air 18 open when gas cover! index! Unusualbreaks! album Complete

card), Girls'ppd. (plus $1 Club Membership sports openings, at advertisement used as an postvoice! inspiring ShippedRemarkable and

E, S. Jeffery Lyons, Dept. 2617 Los Broadway, lot ppd. etc. for of Charles $2.50 events, fun A forpaid Research Group, only $34.95. Columbia

7. Angeles St., 28. Y. ER10, 81st N. East 10 Co., Dept. Street, 4, City Utah. Salt Lake Market3600

ACME

QUALiTVt

U.S.M.C. STETHOSCOPE. Ever try to buy one

1000 NAME AND ADDRESS LABELS $1 any 3 of these? Hard to find, and usual y expensive, ACME QUALITY PAINTS. A complete balanced

Different Orders $2 ppd. Your name and adthis is a U.S. Medical Corps stethoscope. Brand formula line of Paints—Enamels—Lacquers—

dress printed on 1000 finest gummed labels. new surplus, it's ideal for doctors, engineers Stains—Varnishes—Colors—Fillers—KemConveniently padded. Packed in FREE useful and mechanics (to check trouble spots in motors, Tone and Other Finishes for protecting and

plastic "Gift Box."Useful on stationery, etc.), educational for kids and adults. Handy beautifying the interior and exterior of buildchecks, books, greeting cards, records, etc. in the country. $2.95 ppd. (Vl regular price.) ings of all kinds. 37 East First South and 1121

SPECIALSAVE MONEY! Any 3 Different OrBanner Supply, Dept. ER10, 125 East 41st St., Wilmington Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah and

ders $2. Ideal Gift. Agree best buy of year N. Y. 17. 3953 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah.

or money refunded in full. HANDY LABELS,

970 Jas erson Bldg., Culver City, Calif.

LIFETIME of FILM

PLAN

NEW GRIP WRENCHThe first clamp wrench U.S.A. SIGNAL CORPS Field Phones are selfever made, it's a remarkable tool. Clamp at DON'T MISS THIS! You save more!... More contained, operate off only 2 flashlight batside locks wrench head with 2,000 lbs. gripways!... More often! And... we prepay teries. Ring when crank is turned, work up

ping pressure. Fine as lock or pipe wrench,... both ways. Plus a free tube of world to 5 miles! 10 phones can be used on 1

clamp or portable vise. Made by the fine famous perfumes, advertised up to $50.00 per hookup. Expertly reconditioned; canvas carrying

tool craftsmen of West Germany, it measures ounce, with every processing order, enough for case; for home intercoms, clubs, farms, etc.

12". Jaws open 2". For workshop, car, etc., several wearings. Send for full details today. Gov't cost, $90. Now each, $16.88. Pair, $33.76.

$3.95 ppd. Prince Enterprises, Dept. ER10, 380 1498 Major Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Wire 4c a foot. Shipping chgs. coll. Telephone

Lexington Ave., N. Y. 17. Supply, Dept. ER10, 122 East 42nd St., N. Y.

||:|s|l'i:i||

:.'I;

There are signposts along life's highway which, if followed, will lead any man to do the

Lord's will, to know his Son, the Redeemer of the world, to know whom is eternal life. And

while we are gaining this great knowledge which leads to immortality, we find the greatest joy in mortality that can he experienced by the human soul.—President David O. McKay

Hard work is the yeast that raises the dough.—Kablegram

He who wishes to exert a useful influence must be careful Mother: How do you like your new teacher?

to insult nothing. Let him not be troubled by what seems Child: Oh, she's smarter than Miss Jones;

absurd, but consecrate his energies to the creation of she only uses one finger to play the piano what is good. He must not demolish, but build.—Goethe and Miss Jones had to use both hands.

The geography teacher asked Bobby a No one ever wants a lot;

question about the English channel. At least no one confesses;

"I don't know,"answered Bobby. ''We Only just a little more

can't get that station on our TV."Than he just now possesses.

How parents beam when the son shines!—Paul Armstrong

Let him that would It is error only, and not move the world, first truth, that shrinks from move himself.—Socrates inquiry.—Thomas Paine

Guest: What kind of pie is this, apple or peach?

Waitress: What does it taste like?

Guest: Glue. PIACH

Waitress: Then it must be peach. The apple tastes like putty.

The more we do, the more we can do;

The busier we are, the more leisure we have.

—Hazlitt

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i t i i i. i w THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I I

MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO I SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS II And that's a job that takes lots of honey. Because so many

people eat so many Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

they're the graham crackers made with pure country honey and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious.

America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

.

FOR YOUR

.. GROWING FAMILY

Do you really need $10,000 more insurance, but feel you just can't afford it?

... THEN THIS MESSAGE

IS FOR YOU!

Beneficial Life solves this problem for you with its lowcost "Commercial Whole Life"policy. This lowpremiumpermanent insurance builds

cash values quickly and provides generous retirement benefits. You

save, of course, by buying your insurance in the larger "economysize"amounts of $10,000 or more. Ask

your Beneficial agent about it...

or mail coupon below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Beneficial Life Building Dept. E. 961, Salt Lake City, Utah

I would like a Beneficial Life agent to call and give me detailson this lowcost plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name....

Address. Virgil H. Smith, Pres, Salt Lake City, Utah

City.Zone..State.