*%2 '* \ at., <*l > * /V 4 vP

* \X, j.

: '"'*;x?,: s'A

\ vk V

-A1?A - - '& VfejT 'V "ter IP?/?*—<-

***-;<5!I-L-. / *if '"%

A"

i

r,, +f i#5 5 / ftp t v#

j / %#rfvfl r -"-':;; f <v

MARCH, 1935 Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH - '"'* ''"* "'':--;*--:*-# S*Sv

An EpochMaking issue of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A new day is dawning for the world. Economically, socially and spiritually new ideals and new

standards are gaining ground. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints faces this new day of

promise with a background of glorious history, a united and growing membership and leaders with an inspired insight into the future. Truly prophetic of our day are the words, "The Morning Breaks,

the Shadows Flee."The April Era tells our story as it has never been told before.

THE PRICE OF SINGLE COPIES OF THIS ISSUE IS 50c ORDER YOURS EARLY

Regular subscribers will receive this special issue as a part of their regular subscriptions. This is

an issue which should be in every Latterday Saint home and which members will want to send to friends in other states and countries. It will be a great missionary document. The edition is limited.

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor Volume 38 MARCH, 1935 Number 3

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement EDITORIALSAssociations Department and

General Superintendent and First Assistant 160 Y. M. I. A. M. of Education 161 Business This Smoking

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE ARTICLES

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Superintendency and General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. Released 131

ASSOCIATIONS First Presidency 134 Communication Ballard,Melvin General Mgr.

Clarissa J. Beesley, A. A Message for the Scouts of the Church of the Latterday Saints Associate Mgr.

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. Herbert Martin, International Boy Scout Commissioner 135

EXECUTIVE EDITORIAL AND.... 1 3 9 Year's the Poetry Best of The OFFICES 141 as of Translation English Sidney B. Sperry The Book Street,SO Mormon North Main Salt Lake

City, Utah......Claire Falcon, The W. Noall 142 Human

Copyright, by Men's the Young 146 C. F. GreevesCarpenter Trees of the BibleMutual Association Improvement1932,

Corporation of the Church of Jesus The Bogy Man of South Africa Wallace F. Toronto 148

Christ Saints. of Latterday 181 Jace E. Johnson of Spring All Winds

rights reserved. price, Subscription 150 Jensen James How, When and Why Boys Begin the Use of Tobacco -$2.00 year, a in advance; 20c Single

Copy. Just a Complex Melba Allen 183

at Entered Office, the Post Salt 151 Here Appropriate is an H. Ash Tray R. M.

City,Lake as secondclass Utah, 192 Moloney Margaret C. Ride Horse a Hobmatter. at O, for Acceptance mailing

special rate of postage provided for Frontispiece 169 in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. FICTION

Wind Cristel Hastings 144 150 of Romance Clapp Robinson A Two Cities—A Serial, Chapter 5 Dorothy CODE It's Clarence Probably 154 Legs H. Pay Your

The "Era "for April Marigolds Love the Sun Carla Wolfe 136 /COMMEMORATING t h e POETRY - 100th anniversary of the Vignette Lois Anderson 156 organization of the Quorum of Swee tness Quin n LaMar 156

Twelve Apostles, which occurDuty Phillis Mendenhall 156 red in Feb., 1835, The ImCompanioned Gertrude Hood McCarthy 156

provement Era for April will Lights Cristel Hastings 156 comprise many vital religious and China Cups Helen Candland 156 historical features. Many lovely In the Spring Grace C. Jacobsen 156

pages of pictures will tell part Bryce Canyon.Jane Rawlins Sheean 156

of the story of the Church in photographic DEPARTMENTS form—collections 157having been assembled of picLights and Shadows on the Screen

tures of Christ and His Apostles Melchizedek Priesthood 162 (from famous paintings), the Aaronic Priesthood 163

Apostles of the Church of Jesus Ward Teaching 165

Christ of Latterday Saints from Music 1 66 the beginning, members of the Books:

First Presidency from the beginBlack H. R. M. 167

ning, the Seventies, maps of the Stories About Joseph Smith H. R. M. 167

Stakes and the Missions, stories Discovering Overstreet E. T. B. 167

of the establishment and developMutual Messages 1 68 ment of the Genealogical work, Community Activity 170 the Sunday Schools, Relief SoAdults 171 ciety, Mutual Improvement AssoSeniors 172 ciations, Primary and other de- M MenGleaners. 173

partments of the Church. "The M Men. 174

Morning Breaks, the Shadows Gleaner Girls. 175

Flee"is the theme of one of the Vanguards 176 most beautiful covers the Era has Junior Girls 177 ever carried. The April issue Scouts 178

will tell you the who and when BeeHive Girls 179 and what of Church organization New York Hobby Show 180 in the past 100 years. Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY IB

>CD >-O

o< lCO

UJ

THE RETIRING GENERAL BOARD OF THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

Front row, left to right: Axel A. Madsen; Ernest Horsley; LeRoi Snow; Joseph F. Smith; W. 0. Robinson; Heber C. Iverson; D. E. Hammond.

Second row, left to right: James Gunn McKay; John H. Taylor; Franklin S. Harris; Richard R. Lymain; George Albert Smith; Melvin J. Ballard; Oscar A. Kirkham;

John A. Widtsoe.

Back row, left to right: Arthur L. Beeley; John F. Bowman; E. E. Ericksen; Thomas Beal; Harrison R. Merrill; Lewis T. Cannon; Herbert B. Maw; Lyman L. Daines;

Alma C. Clayton; Stringam A. Stevens; Nicholas G. Morgan; George Q. Morris; John D. Giles; Spencer Cornwall.

Superintendency and General

I. A. ReleasedBoard of Y. M. M.

January 23, Elder David as this issue of the magazine goes ing humble and tender testimonials press. various were borne members by the second counto O. McKay,ON been connected had General Superintendency many The of whom selor Presidency in the First

of the Church, representing the and the General Board accepted the intimately with the organization

First Presidency, appeared before accouncement in all good will, for, and with the retiring superintendthe General Board of the Young of course, they had been expecting ency for years. All expressed apMen's Mutual Improvement Asit ever since the reorganization of preciation of the move made by the

sociation and read the document the Deseret Sunday School Union First Presidency and saw in it printed in this issue of the magazine Superintendency. A perusal of the signs of continuous growth of the

releasing from the superintendency document indicates, also, that other Church. The expanding stakes

Elders George Albert Smith, Richauxiliary boards may be dissolved and general widening of the inard R. Lyman, and Melvin J. and reorganized. fluence of the Church were recogBallard. Elder McKay made it The released General Board of nized by all of the speakers as subclear that their release released also the Young Men's Mutual Imstantial reasons why the General

all members of the Church Board provement Association immediately Authorities on all of the auxiliaries upon which two other Apostles called a meeting for five o'clock on should be relieved.

the following evening at which special Later a committee was John A.were serving—Elders before disbanding they wished to appointed to arrange for a partyWidtsoe and Joseph F. Merrill.

heart speak to heart to General the the outgoing Superintendency and the the following Saturday On other. to each Superintendency and Board Members. party This was superintendent, E. Albertnew Superintendent Albert George in held the Social Lion House his first assistant,Bowen, and either present not at Smith was Center evening, Tuesday on FebGeorge Q. Morris, were announced. meeting, being confined to his home ruary 5. The entertainment took

The new board was not at that with illness. the form of an informal reception

time selected nor has it been selected At the Thursday evening meetfollowed by a dinner and program.

Md0dmM.mam3mJMmdmMdJ0mMm/

buMii Mm* mm, fme&m&tm..mgmt&4*-fmmr4m*<mrt**$***- li: 7

'/H4*y&&<&*& &y- -4%**4#*** iSyMk*ip >p*. <J*

THE SCROLL PREPARED FOR THE GENERAL BOARD AND PRESENTED BY THEM TO EACH OF THE

GENERAL SUPERINTENDEMCY THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 33

About one hundred fifty guests The retiring General SuperinRichard R. Lyman: Became a

were present. The menu and protendency spoke briefly voicing their member of the General Board of

gram of the evening had been atappreciation of their association the Y. M. M. I. A. April 24, 1 9 1 8.

tractively printed in three colors with members of their own Board Melvin J. Ballard: Became a

and bore on the front the portraits and with the Young Women's member of the General Board of of the Superintendency, Oscar A. Board. the Y. M. M. I. A. February 27,

Kirkham, Executive Secretary, was President Ruth May Fox, in be1919.

presented cheermaster ceremonies. of half her Board, of Good own Richard made R. Lyman: Was jollity activcharacterized retiring the the superintendencyand with SuperinGeneral Assistant Second

ities evening. the reproducof beautiful a photographic April the tendent of A. Y. M. I. M. bits the Choice sculptured were tion the group of program on by Ivins, 2, with 1919, Anthony W. carried Business"appeared"Unfinished Fairbanks, on which Avard BrigSuperintendent, General and

ladies; as the frontispiece 'Things in the I Cannotby January numFirst Assistant Roberts, H. hamForget,"ber of conducted Era. by Chairman Improvement The Superintendent. General

retiringOscar Superintendency and "Illustra- A. Kirkham; The

: Was apreason to betions Along proud of the George Albert Smith by John have the Way,"

D. Giles. progress made by their organizapointed General Superintendent of

I. A. September 21, The history of the organization tion. Superintendent Smith was the Y. M. M.

presented in three parts by LeRoi especially pleased with the progress 1921, with Brigham H. Roberts

C. Snow, the oldest member of the in cultural and spiritual activities as First Assistant and Richard R.

General Board in point of service, and in the fact that both the M. I. Lyman as Second Assistant GenAnn M. Cannon, and Clarissa A. A. and The Improvement Era ate eral Superintendent.

Beesley, was interesting and in some selfsustaining and out of debt. Brigham H. Roberts was released

places brought forth delighted Alma Pettegrew, secretary of the as First Assistant General Superinchuckles. The sketches however, General Board of the Y. M. M. I. tendent on May 24, 1922, at

revealed the phenomenal growth A., prepared a partial summary of which time Richard R. Lyman was

of the organization. the progress made of the organmade First Assistant and Melvin

The Young Men's General ization since the retiring Superin- J. Ballard Second Assistant GenBoard presented the Superintendtendency have been at its head. It eral Superintendent of the Y. M.

ency each with a scroll showing the follows: M. I. A.

M. I. A. Building in delicate water George Albert Smith: Became Total enrollment May 31,

colors and a brief sentiment above a member of the General Board of 1922, 45,856; total enrollment

the signatures of every member of the Y. M. M. I. A., April 13, May 31, 1934, 67,298.

the Board. 1904. (Continued on page 170)

BANQUET GIVEN IN HONOR OF THE

RETIRING SUPERINTENDENCY AND BOARD

AT THE LION HOUSE SOCIAL CENTER

Left to right, foreground: Melvin J. Ballard;

Edith Smith Elliot; Emily Smith Stewart;

George Albert Smith; Ruth May Fox; F. Y.

Fox; Amy Brown Lyman. Left side of the

table; Mrs. Melvin J. Ballard; Oscar A. Kirkham, Mrs. Oscar A. Kirkham; John A. Widtsoe,

Leah D. Widtsoe. Right side of the table,

front to back: Richard R. Lyman; Lucy Grant

Cannon; George J. Cannon; Clarissa A. Beesley;

Marian Morris; George Q. Morris.

Communication Elders George Albert Smith, General January 18, 1935.

Superintendent, RICHARD R. LYMAN,

First Assistant, MELVIN J. BALLARD,

Second Assistant, and members of the

General Board of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association.

Dear Brethren:

T?OR some time past it has been evident that the which might be the case if all the experience and

growth of the Church and the everincreasing ability acquired through years of intelligent thought demands upon the time and strength of the General and devotion were replaced by entirely new represenAuthorities would make imperative the releasing of tatives. Let us retain all present worthy achievemembers of the First Presidency and of the Council ments that they may be an inspiration to the new

of the Twelve from the direct responsibility of presidmembers to climb to yet greater heights. To this

ing over the general boards of the auxiliary organizaend the new Superintendency will be requested and tions. It has been seventeen years since one of the urged to consult freely Elders Smith, Lyman and

First Presidency so officiated. Ballard, with respect to the reorganization of the

new Board. It is now deemed advisable, indeed absolutely necessary, to relieve members of the Twelve of their duties In extending this honorable release to the Supernot only as presiding officers, but also as members of intendency and members we cannot refrain from

the general boards. The duties of the Apostleship, expressing our highest commendation for your willas well as the health of the individuals, demand that ing and unselfish service to the welfare of young men

this action be taken without further delay. and young women of the Church. Nor have your

Like efforts members. alone confined to been Church the of meeting at regular the weekly Accordingly, inall its directions, in your a light that rays throws held the the First of Council Twelve Presidency and

lives into the radiated unnumbered fluence of has 10, January Thursday, in Salt the Temple, Lake perhaps, have not otherwise, thousands would who and Richard R. Lyman, Smith, Albert Elders George in the revealed into the as truth of paths guided been

as released J. SuperBallard, honorably were Melvin

roll "echoes Christ. of Jesus restored Gospel As Assistant SuAssistant, intendent, Second First and so forever,"forever to soul soul go and and from

respectively, the Mutual of perintendent, Men's Young live efforts the in continue to will your worthy acthe Association This Church. of Improvement

blessed. inspired lives those of have and you whom heartfelt apprekeen a tion and accompanied was by

ciation of the able and untiring devotion of these Twenty years ago the membership of the Young brethren to a great and noble cause. Under their Men's Mutual Improvement Association was 33,506;

leadership the M. I. A. work has achieved high and today it is 65,000. Yet this remarkable increase in

worthy distinction. Most truly their accomplishenrollment is but a slight indication of the great

ments should bring to their souls the satisfaction and growth during the period. The careful management

peace that come from successful achievement. of the Era, its increasing influence for good, books and

circulated, courses reading published pamphlets and relieving the necessity consideration of of the With efficiency increased in classwork promulgated, and adassociated the also there has been the Twelve, effective leadership, the in organization new of general boards all visibility reorganizing the of of

Scouts, DepartSenior Vanguard, Adult Men, and andM to course seems organizations. auxiliary a the Such

farexcellency conventions, the of the ments, and first, to persons require to merit; because possess much influence uplifting tens led that of reaching have and

their to might, time so contribute of what much into acof thousands wholesome and men women a changes, considered be occasional to grow without cultural, social spiritual tivity in and realms—these fair; is because secondly, hardly lifelong position and

as achievements other will stand unmentioned and acquired, others should personal the development of to integrity, everlasting your devotion monuments their associates opportunity with given equal be an service. unselfish and

to serve in these responsible positions of leadership. As you now enter into other fields of equally

This policy to reorganize the auxiliary boards has worthy and high endeavor, may God's choicest blessbeen unanimously approved by the First Presidency ings attend you, and the guiding influence of His holy and the Council of the Twelve. Spirit be your constant companion.

It is recommended, therefore, that with the retiring Sincerely your brethren,

Superintendency the members of the General Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association also be, and are, hereby honorably released from their respective positions. This action will give

the newly appointed General Superintendency free and open field from which to select the new Board.

Evidently, some of the present members if they again be called, should be willing to renew their labors as officers and members of the General Board; for

none of the accomplishments, nor the mighty impetus given to the cause of Mutual work should be lost, First Presidency.

. n

R Message for the Scouts of the Church of the Latterday Saints

This message reached Oscar A. Kirkham, Deputy Executive

of the Twelfth Region, Boy Scouts of America, too late to go into the February issue of the

SIR ROBERT BADENPOWELL, magazine. It is so warm and

CHIEF SCOUT OF THE WORLD friendly, however, that we decided to give it a page in this issue of the magazine.—The

Editors.

THE BOY SCOUTS ASSOCIATION

IMPERIAL HEADQUARTERS 25, Buckingham Palace Road,. LONDON.

S.W.I.

December 31st, 1934.

is with the greatest pleasure that I send my

ITwarmest greetings to all my brother Scouts of the

Church of the Latterday Saints and wish them every happiness and prosperity.

Both on the occasion of my visit to America and also at the various World Jamborees it has been my privilege to. meet many of your Leaders and Scouts.

From my personal contact with them I have learned to have a deep regard for the splendid spirit which animates you all. In Scouting it is the spirit which

counts. I feel that you, my brother Scouts, set us a

really fine example in all that most matters and I wish you all the good things that you most wish for yourselves.

It is my great hope that I may have the pleasure of meeting many of your Leaders and Rover Scouts at the

Rover Moot and International Conference in Sweden next summer.

The Chief Scout, Lord BadenPowell, is at present in Australia attending the Australian Jamboree, but

I know that if he had been here he would have wished to send you his personal most cordial greetings.

Your sincere brother Scout,

A L*4s7lAiXl2,

International Commissioner.

HERBERT MARTIN, INTERNATIONAL BOY SCOUT COMMISSIONER

wmt

MARIGOLDS

LOVE THE SUN

in the VEN coolest By CARLA WOLFE the little mountainnorth roomEof cabin, Reina felt the oppressive waves of heat pushing in at her temples, weighting her body, gumbe a breeze, with the top down. They had never been at all

ming the very pores of her skin. She shook off her moist clothing neighborly. Reina had shrunk inIt was one of those brief periods of and slipped into the great round stinctively from making contacts

hideous heat that come, even in tub of water Gordon had left for that would assume the nature of spring, to some hill districts. her in the wash room, staying hudpermanence. She felt without

She half reclined in her low dled down in it until she felt numb reasoning that if she maintained her chair letting her bright hair fall all over. Longingly she recalled attitude of readiness for flight,

back from her forehead and enjoythe greentiled bathroom with its Gordon would somehow hurry the ing the momentary chill of evapowaterfall of a shower in the apartcompletion of the bridge and cut ration at the roots. She wished she ment that she and Babs and Alma a few months from their intolerwere back in San Francisco shiverhad shared together, and of her able residence here. Mrs. Crawing in the teeth of a fog or a strong own ivory and apricot nook behind ford's first overtures toward friendsea wind, or bareheaded in the sunthe wall bed where she could dress ship had been met with sweet

shine that could be tropically bright before a fulllength mirror. politeness but without response.

but never hot like this. She wished Laying ready her thinnest frock Ready to leave at last, Reina

she were working again, and careof pale yellow swiss with slip, came back to drop her hat and free to do as she pleased. Maxine stockings and hat to match, she gloves, picking up a parasol instead.

herself had declared they never had threw off her kimono and sank Mrs. Crawford had thrown aside

had a better model in the shop. again into the tin tub. Before she her hat, too, and was jerking apart

How the other girls would laugh was dressed the heat had found the drenched strands of dark hair.

like to drive she'd to Perhaps her again. and swallowed still of so young and—all too, thing. poor Weston, seeavid for her could they life—ifthem fence, strolled the over Reina to to this tireless the bedmarried engineer who Through

whisked her from one uncivilized room window she could see little queerly moved by the look of hole to another, and never seemed Mrs. Crawford in the next yard on pleased surprise that dawned in

to mind it in the least! hands and knees in the glaring sunMrs. Crawford's eyes.

She wished, for a desperately unshine, digging in the dirt. Reina "What on earth are you doing?

happy minute, that she had never shuddered. How could anyone be Why, and please don't,"she

laid eyes on Gordon Corey! so idiotic? Who wanted a garden laughed lightly, leaning on the

"Good heavens, I can't go on if it cost hours of actual stewing in pickets under her big parasol.

this way all day! It's disgusting the heat. "I'm setting out marigolds, and

for me to rant when things can't Then a flicker almost of pity for I must because it's going to rain be helped. But oh, this heat, and Mrs. Crawford stole over her. Mrs. soon and I have the plants all dug

this utterly lifeless place, and this Crawford was dainty, rather pretup. They're really gorgeous mariramshackle dump of a house!"ty, with a high true voice of amazgolds—a new African kind that

She surveyed the room savagely ing power and richness that rang grow on tall stems, as big and

I wouldn'tthe pine floors with their strips of out in gay morning songs over the fluffy as dahlias—and

nondescript carpet, the stiff grayclatter of dishwashing or the swish lose them for anything."

white curtains at every window, of a broom. Yet there she was, "But,"objected Reina, "can't

the few plain pieces of furniture. buried like Reina herself in a much you find a nice shady place to put

"The house of the chief engineer smaller house without so much as them in, and not get burned alive the nicest one in the camp! How a porch; married to a thickshoul- for your trouble?"

I'd hate to have to enter one of the dered, thicknosed husband who Mrs. Crawford only laughed,

others!"earned, Gordon had said, only a while great patches of perspiration

Perhaps it would help to drive hundred and twentyfive a month, grew larger on her blue voile dress.

into Weston. There might even working on the bridge. "Marigolds love the sun,"she said.

SOMETHING in the phrase awakened Reina's quaint sense for metaphors. Gordon had once said she herself

was like a marigold, with her thin body straightness, her hair like bright petals and her attitudes of laughter and freedom and ease. And the sun she loved was the sun of

San Francisco, its happy places, its happy, happy people.

"Just what would happen,"Reina asked rather slowly, "if you were to put some of those plants back under the pines where the sun couldn't reach them? Would they die?"

"Why, I don't know. I'm not really

sure how much they need the bright sun, but

I've always thought it was necessary. Perhaps the really strong ones would do quite

well, but it would be a risk I shouldn't want to take. I sent all the way east for the seeds."

Reina had lost interest. This was not

the answer she had wanted. "Perhaps the

really strong ones would do quite well."

She had liked the picture of herself as a vivid marigold, languishing in the dark. But

analogies had a way of falling flat if you tried to extend them.

"Come on into Weston with me,"she suggested suddenly. "I'm going to spend

the whole day over glasses of frosted lime juice."Mrs. Crawford considered, obviously

pleased with the invitation and the new air of intimacy it implied. "I might after

lunch,"she offered hopefully. "Bill is relieving Sampson at the office today, so he'll

be home to eat. T3ut you come in now and

have a glass of lemonade with me. I have

it in the iceless, and it's really cold."

Too hot and languid now even to make a decision for herself, Reina moved around to the gate and followed Mrs. Crawford into

the tiny box that was her house, feeling just a shade of foreboding as she mounted the steps. She had not wanted to go into one

of these houses. She could not endure any

more depression.

But the room was not at all what she had expected. It seemed to receive her radiantly,

with little banners of color and a gust of flower scent. Gradually the details identified themselves out of the delightful whole,

and Reina knew that the difference was a mere matter of cushions, curtains, a lacquered table, a bright bowl and a profusion of early stocks and a plant in a fernery. She remembered her own bare rooms and felt incompetent and stogy. This was as original

and pleasing as some of the smarter studios she had visited, and infinitely more homelike.

She drank the cold lemonade and accepted a second glass, feeling somewhat refreshed

GORDON HAD HER IN HIS though she still could not control the heaviKISSINGARMS AND WAS

OVER ness of her head, the lethargy in every muscle.HER OVER AND

AGAIN, SHE FELT WEAK She appeared to answer Mrs. Crawford's

"DON'T,AND FAINT.

GORDON, NOT SO MANY conversation brightly enough but it was

TIMES."mechanical, outside herself.

She heard dimly that Mrs. Crawford had

studied for the operatic stage, had already 38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

filled small solo roles before her earth was Gordon doing home at stood inertmarriage, and that she sometimes this time of day? O HE

cried when she heard certain songs Her feet were weighted as she against the living room door. She

over the radio if she were alone. started home. had said nothing. There were no

That she wanted a baby but Bill Gordon had her in his arms and words.

"It's really a swell job,"he again. kissing her over die and over because waswas afraid she would

called. yet. biggest "The Do me faint. fearfully "Don't She and felt weak gonesomething had

wrong last time. That she adored Gordon, not so many times. I a lot of good, Queen. Be glad!"

furious brushed Reina away it's adore you, hot!"buther his realized that and husband

tears. said, she "Sure,"choked and her. releasing laughed, like asnose "Got so He nothing was much

it. on lot kiss a to times of wholea you potato. she that Also was new

his she straightened out Then I said, "because he won't now,"afraid because he of Mr. Sampson bag, a handkerchiefs, adding soap ten for another chance last whole have her, justhad week, caught

a need. box, or he'd book two One days."rolling like Easter egg an down utter needn't be an baby. the not? matWhat'sLittle so scowled and had "Why Nob last, at train his gone was He ter?"fiercely pine she that a had thrown

it if hurtling out as of had Weston eyes his searched handsome, Her after accidentallycone and him his caught of over enthusiasm some so keen, deeply bronzed glasses. his that shebroken And face—so the to impatient job and was new life expressive thought, of with and forcould hardly wait cucumbers carry miles. the over him creases he tender smiling such whenbecause she adored them, knew how

felt desolate, Reina wretched, at her. lookedto different cutwenty-seven makecumber salads and often ate them "Nothing wrong, Queen,"(she bruised from his bearhugs—and

whole, in bed. loved this little pet name, derived hot! So hot! She climbed into

the car the wheeled and toward right! "everything her from own) marigolds unplanted were The road. It Valley be might glorPine things for a sizing They're upin in cloth the sink. Mrs. a damp cooler there. could up She come south, and want ious dam down sprinkling kept them,Crawford

with amazing solicitude for their me there next week for the first back in the early evening.

freshness. "I'm going to give plans. We're going to start just as Another year, after this intersome of these to you. I've really soon as I'm through with this job. minable one, in a place that might

heaps more than I'll want here."How'll you like pioneering next be even worse! More patient neigh-

"No, please don't! I'd die beyear? Right out in the wilds?"bors making the best of things that

tolerated! not be should gay No to crush seemed Somethingfore I'd we'll be mean, even—I in things, the midst of little home really "Is it against so her heart. before winter and I'm notaway

planting a thing."wild there?"she asked dully, not its details depicting her own glad

"But these will be blooming in noting his watchful, disappointed love of it all, its threshold always six weeks or less, and they'll flower eyes. open to high hearted friends! Anall summer and fall. Don't let me "This is a metropolis in comother year—then what? Others,

forget to give them to you. Now parison, if I have the place right. endlessly? Perhaps by that time

look at this curtain I'm doing for But maybe before we arrive they'll she would not care. Why had she

the kitchen window. Is it awful, install patent strainers to separate not guessed, before she had given

or do you love it?"the salamanders from the drinking up all the beloved things and

water, and a municipal zoo for the places? It should have been so

her. to polecats."suppression stray of He plain scarcely could ilEINA in a Francisco boyishly, Yet exuberantly laughing Gordon San was pleasure cry of lovinghelp it. Her office, after their her for meeting as into again he plunged work room of the curtain out. wasrang The a ride at dinner a beach, the stuffed things for a and bag few and yellow, with amost transparent this earncould not have suggested the into move. it, still on He could of hollyhockssplashy patchwork eternally in khaki, mountaineer, elation. his went est not control He

up.climbing

set rat kindling for a chopped dip and into in who room the wash it's too gaudy?"think "Do you traps recreation. as if for heard tub, Reina and the round fearfully perfect. "It's I'm cold water. at (Continued the page on 188) whooping are him curtains kitchenjealous. My

that leprous grayish scrim."

"Make some like this. You can

do it in an hour or two, and they're quite cheap. Let me see—eightynine cents, I think, for the pair,

with all the floss complete."

Reina had turned away again.

"No, I won't bother, not for such a short while."Mentally, however, she resolved to have some next

winter when they were settled at last in San Francisco in their own beautiful little place.

Mrs. Crawford did not drive to

Weston with her after all. Reina

started up when she heard a shrill, melodious whistling. What on POND LILIES P!:oto by Eva Hogan.

The Best of First Place QUESTIONINGTheYear's HELEN ""THERE are so many centuries across

From your still dust to my quick pulsing fleshPOETRY I cannot hope to profit by your loss

Of what could once a thousand hearts enmesh.

What magic held the love you lightly won Our Judges, Dr. Sherman Brown Neff,

promised University of Utah; Dr. N. A. Pedersen, Beyond your wondrous bloom—your Utah State Agricultural College; and Dr. faith—

Parley A. Christensen, Brigham Young Held thirty armies? Nor are men yet done

University, selected these three as the three Voicing your name to conjure Beauty's wraith.

best poems printed in 'The Improvement

Era"in 1934. Each of the two first poems

received first place from one of the judges. I only ask the way one love to keep

The judges expressed the opinion that all of In spite of telltale footprints of the years the first fifteen poems were fairly even in How to inspire a passion strong and deep quality. We take pleasure in sending to Miss Enough to laugh away these morbid fears

Cole, $10.00; to Miss Cannon, $5.00, and to Lest I should lack the charm to make love last; Miss Maring $3.00 along with our best wishes.

Or was it buried with you in the past?

MARGARET JANE COLE

Second Place

IN H Third Place GARDEN COULD ever spring come sweetly to this place, NOTHING IS And we not know?

Where iris blooms with an especial grace, LOST

And silver birches trail their tender green;

is no death for anything that's good;Where in the disk a sickle moon is seen, THERE

And faint winds blow. There is no death for any beauty known.

Nothing is lost within this shady wood

Though we are dust a thousand years or more, And water endures, and sky and wind and stone.

The summer rain There is no death for perfect love; no grief

Will tell of one place lovely as before; For any heart that loves beyond the span

And grief we knew together will seem small, Of mere infatuation... And the brief

And death quite unimportant, after all. Loveliness of day lives, as does man.

If this remain.

There is no death for any beauty sought

ROSANNAH CANNON For music; poesy, and art are long;

And all of life, and all of faith have taught

That echo touches farther than the song.

is why the heart must sing. EachEndures,—andgood, each thatbeautiful, each lovely thing

HELEN MARING

.

The BOOK OF AS years ago one of my MORMONSOMEteachers, a very brilliant and able man, wrote a challenging book on the problems of the C. 1, 3.

New Testament. That book contains the following statement:.i n-r-rl t -lrai-3 v=3il r

biblical dictaimitation of 'The, -5lil:-S rl? '-*—& Is* istion one of the of * jifUo commonest

literary phenomena. Most oldfashioned prayers dewere of that

), |;:> \i'. rOAi-j ]j>n koscription. English hymns Many

exhibit the same quality. Much

alleged undergraduate humor takes Usci*o '>qX*>o1:;--i.'"-,—U=*

that form. The chief modern example is the Book of Mormon,

which none of us I suppose ac-,cti v --. '> "r->? =>> lll

asknowledges a translation at all..'tsai*r>S> J>z*. zz+ll) ib. ** V3 - styleThe biblical of John Bunyan

cited by Moulton (Grammar, II,.. Uu> CjLfl*,U-C jLii- <:rA zJJi'A;

illustration.8) is a happier And

generally speaking it is the people * M=i t.51...—3Cj-t t=f Z: U-i 1-aA- -'

who are least acquainted with Semitic languages who are most fascinated with in this composing i >oli. i> m r.\.'> UJ:b. y-fi-i'halfSemitic English."5 '<:. 1-, Ulslsd "lW; Vr= \ statement to The above ought

rouse from complacency every Lat-,.jvA >oii*liSterday Saint in lii-S. 'rv.-.*: L.iiJ who is interested

the fundamental and peculiar beliefs of the Church. In so far as.-diZats) li "- 1=.;.:..". <s--=J

the limited space permits, I shall present evidence to show that the ]j>Ti o.l i li> 9t;JtM>''fir <r?

Book of Mormon is a translation.

fact,In the nature of the of the Book warrants of Mormon English %o. Maq. M r. U? Vj1

the statement that it is translation

English. l yiis? *Ca.Ksaiaia Let us examine for a moment.l'-'..S-

what the Book of Mormon says about certain linguistic matters U-ajc *iic;o.U=u= -U?5 -Uf3

that concern itself. Nephi, the

first writer in the book, and who, according to the record, must have,'J:4j jjio -. -ii'm i:riV>

left Jerusalem about 600 B. C,

states: "I make a record in the

language of my father, which consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the Egyptians."THEA PAGESYRIACFROM BIBLE.THE 3RDVERSECHAPTER9 BEARSOF ISAIAHOUT ININ guage."(Mormon 9:3234.) As-

(I Nephi 1:2.) Nearly a thousand PART THE BOOK OF MORMON RENDERING suming that the migrations menyears later, when the Nephite nationed in the sacred record actually

tion had been destroyed, a survivor, ciently large, we should have writtook place, most philologists would

Moroni, writes: "And now, beten in Hebrew; but the Hebrew probably acknowledge on the face

hold, we have written this record hath been altered by us also; and of the matter that the statements

according to our knowledge, in the if we could have written in Hebrew, relative to language are fair and characters which are called among behold, ye would have had no imquite plausible. Another importus the reformed Egyptian, being perfection in our record. But the ant observation:—when the Nehanded down and altered by us, Lord knoweth the things which we phites left Jerusalem they may have

according to our manner of speech. have written, and also that none had an active speaking knowledge

And if our plates had been suffiother people knoweth our lanof Egyptian and so far as their

B. By SIDNEY SPERRY

rRANSLATION ENGLISH

knowledge of Hebrew was conincluding the prophecies of Isaiah, in part, by means of the ancient cerned, it was that of Palestinian the son of Amoz. The sacred recmanuscript versions. Incidentally

natives. But a thousand years later ord recognizes no Second or Tritowe ought to discover earmarks of

their descendants, Mormon and Isaiah. The Nephites delighted in real translation on the part of the

Moroni, can scarcely be expected Isaiah and quoted extensively from Prophet.

to have had an active speaking him. When Joseph Smith came to Let us examine two texts in II

knowledge of Egyptian. Their these quotations he very wisely folNephi 8 with which compare Isaiah

knowledge of Egyptian would lowed the authorized version ex- 5 1. Verse 1 5 of the Nephite recprobably be limited to a passive cept in points where the record ord reads: "But I am the Lord

reading knowledge of the same. before him differed sufficiently, thy God, whose waves roared; the

Assuming they could write a spewhereupon he made the appropriate Lord of Hosts is my name."On

cies of Egyptian, it would be heavchanges to conform to the ancient comparing this rendition with that ily Hebraized because Hebrew was version. The fact that he made of the Authorized version, it will

their native language. In my changes is in itself quite remarkable. be noticed that it omits a whole

opinion a few generations followThere is no real evidence that he clause, "that divided the sea"and ing the days of Nephi and Lehi a had at that time been expertly that it has "my name"for "his knowledge of Egyptian was limtaught about textual criticism, and name."Why should the Prophet

experience has been that very cause he had a version before him iteddescendants—mainlyto comparatively fewscribesof theirand ownthe history of the Bible text. My omit a whole clause? Simply bemen of good education. It would few intelligent people in the Church that differed from our present Heseem highly probable that "reeven today recognize fully the imbrew, Septuagint (Greek) and Auformed"Egyptian was a species of plications that follow from the thorized versions. And again,

shorthand, and was made directly presence of Isaiah texts in the when the Prophet writes "my from Egyptian in much the same Book of Mormon. Any Bible name"for "his name"he flys in the

manner as demotic developed from scholar knows the text followed by face of the Hebrew and Authorized hieratic, or by combining certain the Authorized version contained versions, but the context and the features of both the Egyptian and corruptions. The text of Isaiah Septuagint version agree with him.

Hebrew alphabets. Others to the in the Book of Mormon ought. Textual criticism easily explains

contrary, I see few resemblances to presumably, to reveal a practically why the Hebrew reads as it does either ancient Egyptian or ancient uncorrupted text, dating back to at because of two letters easily conHebrew characters in the few lines least 600 B. C, in which case we fused. The Book of Mormon here

of hieroglyphics copied from the can scientifically check it, at least hews an independent path as one plates and left us by the Prophet would expect a really ancient and

Joseph Smith. "None other peogenuine version to do.

B. D., Ph. SPERRY, QYDNEY ple our language."Hence, knoweth shall second exThe text we "associate professor of Religious the inspired translator. need for an in this chapter amine 21. is Verse at Education Brigham UniYoung

The problem of the Book of versity, received his degree from the It is an especially interesting one.

Mormon is fundamentally a literUniversity of Chicago where he did The Book of Mormon reads:

ary one. If biologists, geologists his work in oriental research and "Therefore hear now this, thou

and scientists generally speaking, languages. After his graduation, he afflicted, and drunken, and not

time traveling some studyand certain examine of the spent phases verwine."with who The Authorized

Biblical ing in lands. his Upon sion reads record similarly exwould Book with the of Mormon return he joined th? faculty home

keep this fact in mind, much of Brigham Young University, ception of the last clause where trouble and misapprehension where he is now engaged. He has reads "but"for "and."I personit

would be averted. The geological, made the Book of Mormon one of ally feel that the Authorized verbiological, and other phases of the his chief studies and has become sion has the better rendering in

Book of Mormon study are purely wellknown for his lectures upon question but what is of great insecondary to the literary one, viz., the subject of its translation. terest is that the Prophet has transDid Joseph Smith translate? As is indicated in his article, he lated too literally the equivalent of

has of graduate students a number present our text. Hebrew The Hethe book. work upon

let eviat the to us literally proceed reads: brew not "And ]\JOW

article This ought to be of in- (or from in wine."with) translation of dence the Book terest to to Latterday Saints and

of Mormon. First of all let us all others who have a curiosity about Now to examine a few texts of

examine some text of Isaiah quoted the strangest book ever produced Isaiah in other chapters. In II

in the record. The Nephites upon the American continent, if not Nephi 12:16 (compare Isaiah 2:

brought with them from Jerusalem in the entire world. 16) the Prophet prefixes a whole

the Hebrew scriptures of 600 B. C. (Continued on page 187)

T HUMAN FALCON

Winter becomes wonderful when one can ride wings of wood as these youthful heroes of the skiis can ride them. Mrs. Noall has

caught some of the breathlessness of the ride in this story of the sport.

that year at Ecker Hill in the heart them are now living together in of the Wasatch Mountains. Salt Lake City.

ALF ENGEN, HARDWOOD BOARDS But skiing was not new to Alf Form, grace, and style set theWHOSE WINGS ARE CURVED

Engen. The long boards had first standard in Norway for her nabeen placed under the feet of this

GLISTENING snow! A hardyfore inNorsemanhis nativetwentyland. years"Comebelong, steep, tiptilted hill! Alf,"said a famous skiing father

A tiny speck streaks over to his firstborn, "we shall have the brow, and a skier comes into fun."And fun it was for the

view! Gaining momentum with twoyear-old toddler as he learned

every inch, he slants down the long to ski. In time Alf's father taught

dazzling approach! With terrific two younger brothers, each in his

speed he meets the takeoff and own turn, to keep a pair of skis with a bounding spring, timed to under his feet, whether skimming a split second, Alf Engen, the over the snow or while flying human falcon, soars into space at through space. This father did

the rate of ninety miles an hourwell. Alf is one of the world's

All motion ceases save his own. greatest skiers; Sverre is noted for

The immense throng beneath enhis remarkable grace and style, and dures an infinite moment of Kaare is an amateur of rare ability.

suspense as he slices the cold, crisp As a small child Alf learned to air high above their heads to comfollow the dim trails in the long plete a tremendous arc. Arms cirNorwegian twilight and to feel his

cling to catch the hollow of the way over the course in the darkest wind, body bent far forward to night. He entered his first tournagreet the angle of descent, skis ment at the age of eight. Among

parallel and perfectly still, at last his sixty trophies which he won he clips the hill's incline 247 feet in his native land, are many of the from the jumpoff. Down go his Queen's cups. He was invited to

knees to receive the blow; up they represent Norway in the 1928

come, feet well under, body upOlympics, but illness kept him right, lithe, rhythmic, and in one home. That was his last season

accord to shoot swiftly forward as in Norway.

he surfaces the snowy apron for a When the brothers grew to boyhundred yards or so in a graceful hood the father died. Living,

finish. which had been very comfortable

A hill record! A world's recdifficult,and easy, andbecameAlf morefinallyandleftmorehis

ord! But will it be recognized? trophyfilled home in Mjondalen

Skiing is young in Utah and her to come to America in the fall of ski club had not been admitted to '29. Since then his two brothers

the national association in 1931. have joined him; and finally he

And this was New Year's day of sent for his mother. The four of THE human falcon in flight

By CLAIRE W. NOALL

tional sport. But in the United keeps pace with Alf s. Although

States the record's the thing. And there is an ocean of distance bedoes Alf know his records! Adapttween the two skiers, their

ing himself to the standards of longest leaps differ by this country he has been outdisinches only. And how

tancing his own distance since his those leaps have lengthvery first leap here. ened! By a nearly

His first winter in the United equal progression

States was spent in Chicago. He from year to year

met several of his childhood friends their spread over from Norway when fourteen skiers the "phantom X* gathered from all over the East to bridge"has compete in the North Central States reached altournament. Alf made his first most unappearance at Rochester, Minnedreamed of distances.

sota, where, with neither his own Of about the same age, the skis nor proper shoes he set a new Ruuds and the Engens were near hill record and placed third in the neighbors in Norway. They used IN EASY FLIGHT HI

contest. to ski together on the same hills. (Pho'to Courtesy "Tribune") ')

One year from then, Alf won They now hold the center of the his first professional and national international spotlight for the melting the championship on the new, but now remarkable daring twin surface of the famous natural incline, Ecker Hill, jumps of the two Ruuds slide at the same near Salt Lake City. He had come and of Alf and time a strong wind was

out from Chicago the year before Sverre Engen, as ready to set the skiers to test the recordmaking possiwell as the w in midair. Eight

bilities of this speedy slide. Findamazing nationally renowned stars had

ing them even greater than he had leaps of gathered for official competition, anticipated, and liking Utah, too, all Norse but one, and all aces.

he chose this state for his own. There was Ted Rex from Detroit;

It was on January 1, 1931, he Einar Fredbo, Alf and Sverre EnSigurd Ulland from Utah; flight of his famous made 247 feet** gen, the and Steffan Trogstad from recognized at Yes, it Ecker. was

as the world's longest official leap, Mount Shasta Snowman's club in but not until March 14, 1931. northern California; Halvar (DyIn the meantime Utah was taken Alf and Sigmund. namite) Hvalstad from Big Pines,

into the Western American Winter On December 19, Alf had a southern California; and Lars

Sports Association and thus made wonderful workout for the 1 932Haugen from St. Paul, Minnesota,

an official club, and Alf toured the '33 season at Ecker where he usualthe "daddy of them all"and seven

West with a group of skiers. He ly practices. The hill, the snow, time champion. Haugen said

place at all the winter took first the wind, 'and the were boy in hinghill on suchcoulda day,makebuthimEngentry wentthat the perfect sports carnivals sponsored form. by times Alf Four

association, and he bested all those trudged up that long hill. Four down a couple of times, and then

who had outjumped him the year times he flew down. Over the the meet was called off. Such are

before in the north central states, takeoff he went for a 253, a 256, a the uncertainties controlling official

He established new hill records at 264 and a 266 foot span. And only record making.

Ogden, Utah, and at Lake Tahoe, twelve people at the bottom of the Then this famous group of

California. On January 29, at hill to see! But M. A. Strand, an shooting stars, led by Alf Engen,

Big Pines, near Los Angeles, he official, was there with his steel started on its 1932 tour of the jumped to another world's record tape to measure, and the 266 foot West. Like the strolling players

of 243 feet, the 247 foot jump at jump was the world's longest reof old they travel from one giant

Ecker having not yet been recogcorded leap that winter. But across slide to another, where they enternized. the sea, Sigmund Ruud startled tain thousands of spectators in unHowever, on January 19 of that Europe with a 265.75 foot leap at equalled fashion. Good sportssame year, Birger Ruud of Oslo, Davos, Switzerland. Just three manship is as inbred in them as

Norway, jumped 251 feet, 7 inches short of Alf's tremendous the love for the sport itself. All

inches, at Odnes hill, near Oslo, effort. pals, they rejoice in each other's

but since his jump was not in an On January 1st, the day of the successes. There is really no tellofficial meet, Engen was declared official tournament, just the opin when one will outdo another,

the world's champion in 1931. posite weather conditions prebut so far agile Alf has outjumped

But Sigmund Ruud, a brother of vailed; the hill was sticky with them all. On this trip his leap

Birger's is the man whose record fresh snow, a bright sun was was the longest at every meet until 144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

the octet reached Homewood Park, turn whiter than the snow itself Alf Engen's most distinguishnear Denver, Colorado. Alf's when his turn comes to start down ing feature is the combination of

perilous pinnacle of victory tottered the long slide. But he never fails his speed down the runway and

ever so slightly. The skiers met to start—any one of them would his tremendous and beautifully

another rough wind. The jumprather turn white than yellow. timed spring as his skis leave the

ing was so hazardous the meet was And once on his way his muscles takeoff. He keeps his weight at

called off, and the marks were not relax and his whole being responds 168 pounds in the summer, and officially recognized, but Halvor to the thrill of the ride. Otherwise then, by reducing to 1 60 pounds in

Halstad spanned 153 feet once out it may be all off. the winter he feels as buoyant as a

of three trials, while Alf's best efCalmar Andreason, a beautiful rubber ball. He is a good swimfort was 1 5 1 feet in five. His first jumper and Utah's state amateur mer, and he plays every kind of

defeat in two years. champion found it so on his secball ever thought of. He captains

Alf outdistanced his octet again ond flight over the big takeoff at the Viking soccer team in Salt Lake in two exhibition meets. Then, Ecker Hill in 1934. Most amCity. Before he went to Utah he

Hvalstad took the edge off Alf's ateurs go over a smaller trajectory played on the Minnesota chamvictory once more, this time at at Ecker, but there has to be a first pionship soccer team.

Ecker. Not that the falcon's wings time over the big one for all longHe is friendly and genial, but in

were clipped; he still made the distance jumpers. Andreason's his clear blue eyes there is a look

longest flight, but Hvalstad outinitial trial was perfectly essayed. of tempered steel. Underlying his

pointed him. The 1932 tournaHe jumped to the cheers of thouextreme modesty is a quiet selfment was to close at Ecker with a sands of fans. But instead of rerespect and a profound esteem for

threeday carnival over Washinglaxing during the climb for his his profession. He takes no stimton's Birthday. On February 21 second flight, his muscles tightened. ulants of any kind, nor does he

the unknown quantity again preNervous apprehension produced a smoke.

vailed. A disagreeable wind poptension which blocked his response In February, 1934, Alf made

ped up from nowhere and the meet to the feel of the jump. His spring one of his longest jumps. After

was called off. The next day the was off time and his landing proved riding gracefully through the air a

weather was perfect, but Alf not to be a fatal fall. couple of times he simply electrified

quite so; Hvalstad outjumped him What is it that takes the skier his audience with a long spectacular

at just the right the jumpoff leap. clear crouchedby ten feet. although Alf off He And low—the impercepmoment? An almost call theoutdistanced of his more than by bugle announced him

nevertheless evident tible, buthalf released the the zip day, next of a a hundred feet start—with kinesthetic coordination which hill rode. established theand record he runway spring down a new

of 252 feet, Hvalstad's combined times the spring at exactly the As he swooped into the air the score was higher than Alf's. In right moment. It is a matter of crowd below could see that this

one of Hvalstad's jumps he threw feeling far more than calculation. was to be the most magnificent

his dynamic body forward until it As Engen, himself, says, the skier's jump they had ever witnessed. On

was almost parallel with his skis, feeling is his only guide in taking and on he came through the air, a really wonderful sight, and one off. until he almost spanned the length

which gave him high mark for Only by clearing the knoll and of the entire incline. Two hunform. Halvor was more than dylanding on the steepest part of the dred eightyone feet, and a perfect

namite to Alf in that meet, but did hill in any long jump from a big landing!

that upset their sportsmanship? takeoff can a skier hope to find In April, 1934, Sigmund Ruud

Immediately after the contest ended safety. The precipitous slant arced the ozone for 303.6 feet,

the two joined hands for one of breaks the jar and makes an upin official competition at Czechothe most remarkable twin flights right position possible, while a slovakia. But in the fall of '34

on record. And Alf was still the landing on the more level knoll at the trajectory at Ecker was moved

champion because of his high recthe top of the slant is very apt to farther up the hill to make even ord in the earlier meets. spell finis. longer jumps possible there. And

1933 added another long sucon Christmas day, Alf Engen cession of victories to Alf's achievejumped 296 feet on that hill, but gave thements, and him for successive third thepionship chamWind Song notthesein twoan officialboys mightmeet. meetSome eachday

year. By Cristel Hastings other on the same hill. What an

interesting possibility! to was West The not immune hear song a wind WOULDthe of So, since drouth boss is a skier,"said a 1934. "I see the *["the lane Go whistling down

New York had written for Alf to And hear the march of raindrops man who was driving a car from come, he went skiing in the East Against my windowpane! out the state, when stopping at

hill establishedwhere he servicestation in Salt Engen's Alf a new see a tree sway- I would tried.record every City, as slide he on he looked at Lake some In the close embrace

Skiing is one of the most daring Of the sudden north wind, pictures Alf has tacked about his and hazardous sports ever tried. And love its slender grace. office.

carries possibleEvery long jump fillingstation. Yes, a he runs

death. says, But, as Alf if the I doubt from out man that is I wouldOf springfeel windsthe caressdown the lane But

probably why they all like it so And know that eager buds unfold of the state knew that the fellow much. It is the danger that thrills. Even in the rain! who filled his tank is one of the

Many times a seasoned skier will skiingest skiers in the whole world!

TWO POEMS 145 By BETH IVINS

The Quest AndIt callsvainlyand everI reply:calls me,

"Fools only ride where the ways diis a quest that calls me videTHERE

In nights when I am lone; What is the whence and the why?"

The need to ride where the ways divide But I am lifted into the saddle

The known from the great unknown. Of thoughts too strong to tame

And down the deeps and over the

So I mount what thoughts are near steeps me, I find it ever the same.

And soon I reach the place The tenuous rim where the seen I have ridden the wind, I have ridden grows dim the stars, And the sightless hides its face. I have ridden the thought that flies

With far intent through the firma-

I have ridden the wind, I have ridment den the sea, And each to each allies.

I have ridden the moon and the stars.

I have set my feet in the stirrup seat And everywhere that a thought may

Of a comet coursing Mars. dare

To travel, mine has trod And everywhere through earth and air Only to stand at last on the strand beyond lies God.My thought speeds lightning shod Where,—just

Till it comes to a place where, checking space It cries—"Beyond lies God!"When

When I love enough, It calls me out of darkness, When I understand Him,

It calls me out of sleep: I shall know his beautiful ways

"Ride, ride you must to the end of And record them for all the world to dust"see.

It bids, and on I sweep When I care enough To the wide outposts of being I shall understand what glory really

Where there is gulf alone means.

And thru a vast that never was passed Just now I do not know,

I have listened for Life's tone. I only feel a strange, great majesty.

I have ridden the wind, I have ridden 4H When I shall feel the skies beneath the night, my feet, I have ridden the ghosts that flee My vision far on dreams

With chilling breath from the vaults That make my waking day a mirror's of death gleam, Over Eternity! And hear my voice communing with

the leaves, And everywhere is the world laid bare; The nesting birds, and flowing rains,

Ether and star and clod, I shall paint music in His name

Only to wind to the brink and find To issue forth from this, His temple But the cry—"Beyond lies God."Made with hands unseen.

/"\T1 [T1

By C. F. GREEVESCARPENTER

<c7 wish that I might never see a -poem lovely as a tree"wrote Joyce Kilmer in verse which captured the poetryloving blessworld—and many individuals who did not know they couldTREES have long been a

with their ing to mankind love it. Since then—and before, no doubt—there has been airpurifying healthgiving,

properties, and their beauty, charm great interest in trees.

great pleasure given shade haveand all have some sacred or historical of those buildings. The one to alike.to rich poor and

association reference just legend. or has made, been which instances are innumerable There

it are references to so that constructed was had made Many trees living of record todayon trees forestlike Bible. the throughout the Being of rows famous three saplings were youngwhich

a simple people, not length "the of in Cedars herded Lebanon, and these years ago, of andthousand it is surprising houses, cubits, not thereof that our an hundred and was in are ourthere examples many forefathers derived fifty the cubits, pleasure thereof breadth and much forests the in land redwoodown the beauties of cubits, Nature. from the thirty thereof height In

too, California.of from Then,

first Genesis find pillars, reference the four of cedar we upon rows time, parties geologists of totime trees: to of pillars. the out with cedar the beams ground "And upon fossilized discovered remainshave

the it to every made cedar Lord covered grow with was God And trees the datingof back through is tree that to pleasant the sight the above lay that beams, and upon on before yearsages for of thousands for is pillars, food."fortyfive closely good fifteen a in This row."of Christ.the of advent Many reference followed first a to the architectural by this features Other of

trees Palestine inthe standing now clothes for it in 1 states: palace are Gen. 7. in given 3:7 Kings, Ch.are three to reputed be of upwards "they 'knew that they were naked; "cedar,"term however, The was age, years and, of ofthousand

fig they and leaves together, sewed unquestionably loosely employedcourse, as traveler the in any Holy and themselves made to entire aprons."the denote family. pine

recall, practically will theyLand fir in "grove"The word the cedar the and were That Auwoods thorized Version is usually emprincipally used for building purployed to denote a wooden pole or poses is established in Song 1:17:

post, but in the Revised Version 'The beams of our house are cedar the word more specifically means and our rafters of fir."

a group of living trees. An interesting fact is that the

Abraham was undoubtedly the Hebrews were forbidden to destroy builder of the first church for in the fruit trees of their enemies

Gen. 22:33 we find that he: in war for "the tree of the field

"planted a grove in Beersheba, and is man's life."(Deut. 20:19,

called there on the name of the 20.)

Lord, the everlasting God."The apple is frequently menGroves, in the Revised Version, are tioned, but it has not been found

mentioned as being places in which possible to identify it definitely worship of the true God was conwith any fruit of our times, so it is ducted, and in this instance tamarprobable that the term was used isk trees are presumably the prinloosely to apply to any of the fruitcipal tree growth. And lest it be bearing trees. It was also used allethought that the forests of those gorically as in Proverbs 25:11:

days were purely peaceful places "A word fitly spoken is like apples we are again and again told that of gold in pictures of silver."A

"all the beasts of the forest do creep somewhat amusing element is inforth."troduced in Song 2:5 from which

The forest of Lebanon was in the lovesick swains of today may northern Palestine and probably find much material comfort and consisted principally of cedar trees. good health, for it states: "* *

'The house of the forest of Lecomfort me with apples: for I am

banon"was erected by Solomon sick of love."

as a part of his Palace in JeruThe Vine of Sodom bears a beausalem, the word "palace"denottiful fruit somewhat resembling ing either a group of buildings enour apple, but it is unedible. The

closed by an outer wall, or just one date palm is now rare in Palestine,.

BIBLE

but it is common enough in Arabia That the edible and Egypt today. There is no quality of the fig

doubt, however, but that it was was quickly recogabundant enough in Palestine durnized is proved in

Biblicaling times. In Songs 13:23, 7:7 Num. for A-

is like sent thy stature"This a palm when Moses tree, and thy breasts to clusters of spies from the wilgrapes. I said, I will go up to the derness of Paran and

palm tree, I will take hold of the "* * they came boughs thereof; now also thy unto the brook of

breasts shall be as clusters of the Eschol, and cm vine, and the smell of thy nose like down from thence a apples."Frequent reference is made branch with one

to the fruits of the earth, proving cluster of grapes, that the poets of those days could and they bare it befind nothing more beautiful with tween them on a staff, and they add to the which to compare their loved one's brought of the pomegranates, and charm and atimage. of the figs."tractiveness of

the for gardens, the Aaron's rod was from made the as was knownJERICHO it tree, the flower of in Isaiah and 60: 13 city almond* trees of palms, these but have

the for seveninspiration the of was glory "Thepractically disappeared. one At

trees candlestick. shall come Lebanon Almondtime, the palm was imprinted on branched

fir thee, are to the the be found on Mount of withthe coins Palestine. of In Psalms

92 we find that "the righteous Olives, and they may be seen tree, the pine tree, and shall flourish like the palm tree,"mingling their bloom freely with the box together, to place the of of the peach trees near Shechem beautify my a that told thatand in Rev. 7:9 we are

I will sanctuary, (Nablous) andgreat the "before multitude stood

Lamb, clothed with white robes Citrus trees abound near Jaffa make the place of my and palms in their hands."For and in many other parts of the feet glorious."The

Jesus'triumphant entry into JeruHoly Land. The orange, lemon wood of the box tree

extensively as used was citron form the fruit used insalem the strewn with and was way it well adaptfound was the Feast Tabernacles. of sincepalms, time palm leaves which

have been used symbolically Syria, Persia and Egypt have ed to the art of inlaying.

through the years as an emblem of cultivated the pomegranate from CIX different Hebrew victory. ancient times, and many indeed are names are translated

Another tree, whose branches the references to this fruit and its into the word oak, and are used emblematically to denote spiced wine, both of which are still of the latter there are at peace, is the olive. Throughout quite popular in the East. The least three different spethe Bible many references are made flower and fruit of the pomegranate cies growing in Palesto this tree; the reference which were selected as a design for the tine. In the days of the

probably gave rise to its emblematic wood carvings in Solomon's temIsraelites, there is little use is found in Gen. 8:11: "And ple, as well as for the ornamentadoubt that in Palestine

the dove came into him in the tion on the high priest's robe. (Continued on

evening; and, lo, in her mouth was The word "Baku"is variously page 185)

an olive leaf."The oldest olive interpreted to mean either the Tear

trees in the world are believed to Shrub of Mecca or the mulberry be at Gethsemane. tree, and to this latter tree much

The fig tree is indigenous to reference is made In the Bible; in

Syria, though it is now widely culsome instances probably the balsam tivated in many parts of the world. or aspen tree is intended.

There are still groves of fig trees The common Boxwood (Buxgrowing on Mount Olivet. So us) is only an evergreen shrub, but

widely was the fig grown that in albeit a lovely one in Great Britain 1 Kings 4:25 we are told: "And and this country, but in the East

Judah and Israel dwelt safely, it assumes the proportions of a tree. iw i t m

every man under his vine and unIt is found in abundance in the calder his fig tree, from Dan even to careous formations near Mount

Beersheba, all the days of SoloLebanon. Even in early days it

mon,"was apparently used in the East to 148THE BOGY MAN OF F. TORONTO By WALLACE

article appeared article this our since passed came to have Several months a conTHEa shortfollowingtime ago on leave be John South Africa, ready to files. Stan Smith may

spicuous page in one of Capetown's most noted papers, The Max Dalton }s successor in the mission has been named but

Cape Argus, It was titled in huge this article contains material which will interest all those who letters, "The Bogy Man of Local

Batters,"and then went on: love the American game and an athlete who can win friends

"What the perfect try is in rugby through it on foreign soil.

and the six boundary hit is to cricket, the home run is to baseball.

wakes up crowd RosebankThe struck the out hero ican twenty team, "Stan"Smith is batters—they the ball meets thewith a roar when is the the balls connect failed to with crowd. the of Rosebank He

bat and soars 260 feet over the Bennie Ostler of baseball.... that Smith sent down. Smith, too.

side other of thetrees to the can bat and is a champion base- "He is the Bogy Man of all local greatest It is baseball'sgrounds. stealer.

Charlie even batters. ConNot is particular therethrill one And Saturto some Rosebank "Go verse, the "Babe Cape Town that bringperson can always! who don't afternoon. day Even if you snaking, the get of can hold Ruth,"thrill. outas hitter a an and Both

intricacies baseof the understand balls that unSmith swerving pitcher,standing make would who ball, will be with you leashes. he First Saturdays ago inthe grade AmerLeague any Two

efficiency the of impressedSmith—those

hefty hits, those breathtaking dashes from base to base, and the welltrained, automatic arm that strikes out batter after batter."

"Stan"Smith! Who is this

baseball demon, whose picture appears regularly in every South

African newspaper and sports magazine? Who is this hero who commands the respect and attention of

every sports editor in South Africa?

Who is this champion who literally thrills thousands of baseball fans each week? "Stan is none other than the quiet, smiling, modest, young man, who, almost two years ago on a delightful October evening, bade scores of friends and loved ones goodbye, as he boarded the train which was to speed him towards

South Africa. He was leaving as

aChurch—amissionary young,of the resourceful,Mormon

—toworthypreachrepresentativea message whichof his wouldpeople—change the hearts of men. Some

will remember "Stan"as the son of Nicholas G. Smith, the acting

Presiding Patriarch of the Church, and the new President of the California Mission. Others will recall

him as the steadfast Church worker in the 1 7th Ward over which his father also presided as bishop. Some

will never forget him as a former basketball and track star of the L.

SOUTH 149 AFRICA

D. S. High School. But most of his I was a youngster of 15. I was

friends will remember him as the captain of the Lafayette grade type of Mormon youth of whom school team of Salt Lake City. As

they can well be proud, for in his I advanced in school I was chosen

Church work and religious activto play in larger and more imities, as in athletics, he led out and portant games, and almost before I inspired others to greater goals. became aware of it, baseball became

And now his fame reaches us from one of my regular extracurricular

South Africa, not only in athletics, activities, and instead of playing STAN SMITH but as an outstanding missionary. small, intermural games, I found

myself carrying responsibility in trust among the people, which few reAND what a missionary he is interscholastic championship games. mission presidents enjoy. He

making! "Stan"knows the "In Junior High School a disalizes that the progress of the misvalue of gaining friends, and he appointment came to me and my sion depends upon the close contact

knows that the Gospel can be advancement in athletics was deof his missionaries with the people, taught on the field as well as from terred for two years, for I was forand he has learned that the finest their good way to secure exerting by doctor from pulpit.the the bidden is adopting my He

is to play activity. athletic myself in any the game—bewill and friendsmodern means of making My confidence

and eventually converts, by becomheart had been weakened by overone with them. He encourages his

ing one with the people. They exertion. However, owing to my missionaries in such activities for

love baseball and so does he. And religious training, I have always he sees the wholesome results which

he is making the most of this opbeen moderate in my habits and follow.

portunity. His baseball prowess have abstained from the use of heart "Stan"has shaken hands and

has probably brought the South stimulants, such as tea, coffee, toconversed with South Africa's most

African mission more publicity, bacco and alcoholic drinks, and my noted men. He has been invited

and has placed the name of "Morheart became strong again. I have into their homes, and has had the

mon"on more lips than any other since been able to play the hardest opportunity of giving them the single thing. He has, no doubt, of games such as football, basketmessage which has offered his own

done more to shake the cold, unball and the greatest of all Amerpeople a richer, fuller life.

has played for them onfriendly barriers of distrust and ican games—baseball. And he

skepticism concerning the Mor- "However, not until I came to the field. The Cape Times picmons there than any other person, South Africa as a Mormon mistorial section seems to be voluminfor through his baseball he has sionary and joined the Cumorah ous in its photographic records of

moved with ease among the higher Baseball Club was my pitching baseball in South Africa and social circles and government offiprowess discovered by the finest "Stan's"picture is usually in the cials. But more than all of this, baseball coach in Africa, Don Mack center of the page. The February

he is the friend of more young Dalton, the manager of the Cu20th issue prints pictures of Westpeople, staunch admirers, than any morah baseball team and the capern Province team, and of the fine other lad in South Africa. What tain of the Western Province nine."sportsmen from Natal, which

a mighty influence he can wield! This is only one excerpt from boasts one of the strongest neighAnd all through the development the many articles in which "Stan"boring teams. And on the opposite

of one of his particular talents. by reason of his popularity and page are pictures of Prince George

Now what is the meaning of this exemplary life, has been able to during his visit to Africa. These

young missionary's athletic activturn the hearts of young admirers two teams played a spectacular ities in Cape Town? Not long to a finer, fuller, happier, physical game for the prince in celebration

ago the Cape Argus appeared with life, which thing is an initial part of his visit to Cape Town. But

a full page article, capped with of the Gospel. Yes, a beautiful lesit seems that "Stan"received more

these blazing headlines: "'Stan'son on the Word of Wisdom in a newspaper comment than the prince

least on this day. OneSmith explains Why Americans feature story of one of South himself—at

Took Up Baseball."At the reAfrica's leading papers! paper reports the event

quest of the editor "Stan"wrote "Saturday's game showed that the article and aside from explainTT is interesting to know that the in "Stan"Smith, Province has the ing baseball, took occasion to tell above named coach, Don Mack finest pitcher in the country. None

modestly of his own athletic career. Dalton, is the young president of of the Natal batters could flog

He goes on: the South African Mission. He about his hot deliveries.

"My baseball career began when too has gained a popularity and a (Continued on page 186) 150A ROMANCE OF CITIES TWO By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

CHAPTER 5 T..WO weeks passed on "Then you are a spy?"Lamanite and come here to live!

wings of lightning and he had "I am no spy,"he answered, but Answer! Can you not speak?"

grown desperate. He knew all the an uncontrollable desire to confide

City's gates, how and when they in someone swept over him. "I D.'AVID smiled, a

were locked and unlocked. He will tell you who I am if we may slow, sure smile of content. A

had learned to his utter dismay of go where we will not be overfriend at last. The vehemence of

the impregnability of those gloomy heard."her curse was sufficient proof of it.

walls. Equally so were those masShe turned instantly and started Motioning her back to her seat he

sive stone Temples. Not once had away. told her who he was and of his triphe found anyone who looked vul- "Follow me,"she said over her to this City—"ShemIon,"she

nerable to bribery. Of one thing shoulder. supplied; and of the fruitless days

only he was sure, the Festival was From a distance he followed since.

not far distant; the streets, the through a maze of streets until When he had finished she sat

people, the shops all wore an unthey came to a park in which he staring at the shrubs that screened mistakable air of gayety. Most had slept many times. In an obthem from passersby. When she

assuredly the rescue would fail unscure corner she turned half eagerly spoke her voice held little hope.

less he enlisted help, but whom? to him. "There is just one person who

"Tell me, to return to and Lehiare you who whyTo attempt get could her that one away—and in this the there are you for of CityNephi Lawas impracticable, able; get be to may not but how

fate manites?"a here. as asawaited uncertain must word—let me think—there tell "First,His even you companions me might who own is is! there there someone—oh, be."in nearly Zarahemla, orbe back are leaving today may—somebe

Itso. David, of was Joseph, absence the Son and Ammon's for one know who LehiNephi—-Iguards

guard on the wall presaged untold who gave the command. will carry a message."

difficulties. "Who I am has no relation to She started away, then turned

Who was Nanaaha he wonthe question,"she began, but the abruptly and held out some coins.

of him. person comes I know—strangelydered, and where? He might help defiance in her voice died before "Take these, they will help you—if—that

are a Nephite?"He mowhere to find you. I have watchedpellant—if hethe hadthoughtnot gonewas reto the"Youstrength

sleep tioned to a stone bench. you many times."She dropped

"Miserable dolt!"he cried an- "I was once a Nephite,"she corthe coins in his hand and looked

grily, aloud. rected. "Now I am Ruth, wife of steadily into his eyes.

is a soldier."Samuel, the miserable Lamanite dolt?""Where great "Her God. Our God—the beside voice you asked. "Do know himA aid us."Jehovah—will "It tell feet. once reto his was leaped He my Then LehiNephi?"home—but She gone was and he rememis are fell accent his you? appearance memembering he who Your

bered that he had learned nothing not that of while he eyedback with apprehenthough you my people, of LehiNephi. the tongue."Nephite beforesion the him. speak woman "Be not a fool."The command "Do you—"he began, his eyes Days passed, seven or eight of

was rapped at him while scornful holding hers, "know a fair slender them and David burned alternately black eyes swept disdainfully his maid without stain or blemish, with hope and despair. Then one

tattered robe and outstretched called the Daughter of Jared?"evening, as he stood inspecting for

hand. "Are you a Nephite?"With a cry she sprang up. the thousandth time the stone wall

She had heard his words and "Zena! That could mean none that surrounded a group of Temknew him for what he was. Yet other. Tell me quickly, where is ples, he heard a voice directly becareful of passersby, he answered: she? Did you bring her here? Is hind him say;

I am. she in danger? Is she in this most "A wonderous fair beggar."

Something for a fleeting instant miserable of all cities? Is she? Instantly, his shoulders drooped;

replaced the scorn in the black eyes. Why do you not answer? Do not he leaned heavily on his cane, then

Was it disgust or sympathy? tell me she has married that cursed turned and looked about, bewilTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 151

dered. A dry chuckle floated out darkness shall shroud our footfrom somewhere. An eerie feeling steps. Until then, let us eat and

voice in his own St."crept over him—a

tongue but where the owner? Back David followed readily. Having

of him was a blank wall; before seen the fire in those black eyes, it

him an empty court. From bewas easy to believe that once she

hind a pillar of a disused building had been a favorite with Priests opposite, a long, lean arm beckand Kings.

oned. He approached it cautiously.

"Alms! Pray merit the blessMeanwhile

ings of Jehovah by giving to one Zena, within the who is old and feeble. Alms, in white Temple, sat

mercy's sake!"alone trying to

The high querulous voice ceased, think. Her

and David looked with bewilderheart was ment on a long, lean, cadaverous heavy, her figure, stooped so her nose seemed head on a level with her abdomen. whirled.

Snowy white hair straggled from beneath her black headscarf. Eyes

so intense and piercing, he failed to note their color, appraised him.

"Who art thou?"he asked, unconsciously adopting the phraseology used in addressing the

Priesthood.

Without answering, she led him to a secluded spot among the ruins;

then facing him, continued:

"David, son of Joseph, where is the maid?"His heart leaped—this must bethe one spoken of by Ruth—but

how could one so feeble win, when he so stalwart and strong had failed? "Where is the maid?"she repeated.

His gaze wandered from one tower to another:

"I think here opposite us,"he pointed to the one he had been watching. "Perhaps I am wrong."

"Thou art,"Bithna answered.

priest is chief where their"Yonder get She must must! Her away—she the in are keptlives victims and eyes the swept room as they had

same building."done every ten minutes during the

days she had been here. It was

DAVID looked, and in scrupulously clean, and though the center of the group of buildings bare, left nothing to be desired.

was one smaller, round and of Her couch of fine textured sapote;

dazzling white stone. Because of its mat of combed goats'hair; the

the stone walls he could see only coverlet of finest twined linen; all waited while they spread the

the upper part and even from the might have graced a queen's chamtempting array.

distance, the superb workmanship ber, so might the rugs at her feet, Zena eyed it ruefully. After the

was apparent. The roof was flat but the overwrought girl shrank starvation at home it seemed doubly

and probably ten feet below it a from them in horror. Burial good. Fruits of rare varieties were

series of apertures, two or three feet accoutrements they were. Human there; bright hued and luscious;

in diameter ran around the tower. sacrifice was not new to her, but fowls browned to a nicety, golden

It looked impregnable. He turned she had never supposed that the cakes of corn and wheat, wine that

in inquiry to the lean figure. She Priests surrounded the victims with reflected each lingering beam of

read his thoughts. such reverence and attention. light, like jewels brought from the

"Years gone by,"she volunThere they were now bringing mines above LehiNephi. Sudteered, "when Bithna was young her evening meal. Two virgins in denly life seemed very sweet to the

and fair she was familiar with all spotless white and a huge guard, lonely maiden. Who would cornthe details of those buildings. She naked except for a loin cloth, who fort Grandmother? She had tasted

can lead thee among them when opened the door for them and so much of life's bitters, was she

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 never to know the sweet? Was she Again the tapping came. Rising beneath—Oh fool, fool, why had

never to know the thrill of love to her tip toes, she peered into the she not thrown her dark mantle nor the ecstasy of little fingers night. For a few moments she over her dress? He paused and

clinging to her? Was she never to saw something, then a cloud passed, looked upward. At the same insee the "City Beautiful"of her the moon struggled faintly stant, there came a blast of wind

dreams? through. She saw something out and a few raindrops spattered

Rudely she commanded the virthere dangling, where nothing had against the stone wall. A cloud

gins before. to take dangled Beside the food secher couch everything. obscured few A

staff it out her sight. of for fashioned was a dainty eternity, No, it seemed away—getshe would onds, though an

not have one mouthful; it would the room. Feverishly she grasped and strong arms leaned over the

choke her. No, no, no! Disit and reaching out, drew in the stone parapet and lifted her bodily

creetly, the Temple Virgins withthing that dangled there. It was onto the roof.

drew, leaving the food, and Zena, a wooden ring as large as a brace- "Quick,"she whispered franstepping before an aperture in the let. She knew it at once. Many tically. 'The guard! I fear he

wall, looked out. The wall was times she had seen it hanging from saw me."

thick and she could see only a Bithna's neck. It was fastened to Without a word, a lithe figure

small patch of sky with here and the end of a hempen rope. Her with one deft movement freed her

there a star beginning to fleck it. heart began to race madly. Her of the rope.

Long she stood there, until the blue throat was hot and dry. Suffocat- "Come,"Bithna was already

was changed to black and brightly ing with hope, she grasped the rope hurrying down a steep, narrow studded with night's jewels. There and gave it a slight pull, wiggling stairway. In a short minute, they

came to her, then, the story her herself as far as she could into the were in the Court hugging close to

Grandfathertimes—that storyhad toldof aherChristso manywho hole. aovershadowinghound bayed.walls.ForsakingSuddenlythe

would redeem all people from A]LLMOST instantly shadow, Bithna darted across dangerous space to the of was death but adeath. What shadow she a slight heard whistle—Bithnapassing a another building. sphere, into another door a At the again; qualities what her amazing

losing of a few trifles here, the voice had. Presently it came guard challenged. With a mighty

gaining of eternity there? Where? again, scarcely louder than the leap, David was upon him and the

Where her grandfather was of a soughing of the wind which was two rolled together. Bithna hursurety. Mayhaps he would be rapidly gaining momentum. ried Zena along without pause for

waiting. When the cruel knife "Make ready,"it said. breath. A second or two and they

fell, entered release be another stairway to going it would her to be she was all, but That underitfolded again in his length in loving arms. down its two breaths, If stood. Slipping into back the

one knew of the Christ, death was room, she tied the rope securely seemed to Zena, who was hard pressednot hard. too the to keep old hag. up with be brave She would

it her under arms, then grasped letshe straight into darkness. ahead would Then that the them know It with hands. both was rough

a patter side at of her There cameDaughter Jared and courage had harsh. to and She then climbed into

face cried death unflinchingly. David the first. opening, arms Go us.""Haste! follow They In high, a spiritual elation she through that she would. They

Haste! ran. they theturned from aperture The almost How pull would have to hard—hard. air thehappily, fetid and and damp the Virgins when times she Three jerked sharply, darkness

came in later, they found that she then slowly, almost imperceptibly closing about them and pulling had eaten well and was apparently the slack was taken up and she felt back at their limbs. Haste, but

asleep. Softly, they removed the a tug on her body. Her feet waved limbs were beginning to lag and

lungs to cry a out.remains There grew of the meal softly the and in the wildly face was room—her ears, their in louder, closedguard the for the last door even the with outer wall. She pounding

time. When next he opened it it looked about wildly and smothlouder.

would be to lead her forth to the ered a cry. Below her the paveSuddenly there came another

sacrifice, adorned and bejeweled in ment threatened, above she could sound, which grew and grew until fitting fashion to please the eye of see nothing. For one wild moment the blood seemed to congeal in their

their capricious God. she thought of creeping back, but veins.

Zena lay for hours in that state that pulling was relentless. Now 'The hounds,"Bithna cried.

between dreamland and reality and the sharp stone cut her shoulders. "We are lost,"Zena cried bitwhen at last she thought it must Now her feet, firm in the wall interly, but David only drew her

be near dawn, she sat up suddenly, voluntarily gave her a surge forswiftly after him. The sound

every nerve taut. Something was ward, now they flung wildly about grew and reverberated terrifyingly

taptap-tapping at the wall outside. seeking a hold and the sudden strain through the low narrow passage.

bird, night jerk her no madeA rope probably—but wince—the "I might one,"David manage

itthere again, it tap, tap, came cut through her tap,—howand garbreathed, stopped. but Bithnatap. birds surely ments. Night instant didn't For one she seemed

peck at stone walls in that fashion. to be dropping dizzily but she was "Take the maiden. Bithna will

Rising quickly, she went to the again being drawn slowly upward. stop them."

opening. The cool night air was The rough strands made her hands "No, no,"David started to pronectar to her nostrils, but she could bleed and if she could only for one test, but she pushed him savagely

see nothing; there must be clouds, breath ease the strain on her chest. forward.

there was the smell of coming rain. She looked about; a guard passed "Make haste—make haste."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 53

An instant and they were swalsmoothed into a semblance of order. her she drew back and said shyly:

lowed by the blackness. Confused, she arose. "I have not thanked you for

Bithna drew from her robe a "A Nephite?"she questioned. delivering me, nor have you told

tiny vial and wth its contents "A Nephite,"he answered, smilme how you found Bithna. What

smeared lavishly at face, hands, and ing, "from Zarahemla."a wonder she is."

fingers, then she walked slowly "From Zarahemla."She clasp- "A wonder truly,"he answered,

let them deafter the others, watching over her ed her hands before her and her "for one so aged—sheshoulders. breath came quickly—"Tell me stroy her to save us."

is safe,"Zena answerThe other two rushed on, Zena quickly how you came to be here?""Bithna

ed; "no earthly thing can kill her;was scarcely conscious of her feet "I came with Ammon and his

is master of so many tricks andmoving. She seemed drawn by an brothers. They were commisshe

irresistible force. Only the roaring sioned by our King Mosiah to find arts. She will come. 'Tis not the

first time she has been in danger.in her ears was real, and that somethe remnant of our people who left

thing that held to her and refused there so many years ago."The Lamanites all fear her."

to let her stop even when she could "Where are the others?"

not go another step. The noise "I left them without the walls L/AVID was not so

in her head grew louder until it of LehiNephi."sure. Doubtless this slip of a maid

killed even her thoughts. The pain Zena's face paled. She took her did not realize the danger they had

on her chest grew heavier, pushing head between her hands. been in. What marvelous eyes she

her down, down, until she crum- "Soldiers! Soldiers."she whishad. The sky had been that color

pled in a heap. Then strong arms pered, "come to lead us to peace the night he had seen the hill beraised her and went on; now far and safety at last, oh, blessed Jefore LehiNephi; and her hair

off there grew a beam of light that hovah, at last!"She sank to her he drew a bag of corn from his

drew near with maddening deliberknees, sobbing with joy and clothes and offered her some.

ation. Would they never reach it? thanksgiving. David regarded her "Eat and rest,"he said, "for we

The air became lighter, sweeter. in doubt. must travel quickly lest the LaThey drew in great gulps of it "Soldiers, yea,"he answered, manites follow. Think you, you

that sent new life tingling through "but where is their leader? He can find the way back to Lehitheir veins. had been gone many hours when Nephi?"

she us will lead not back,"where you. "Bithna I found knew We weary her opened Zena When a sitting easily, on but taken him."or answered had went who flight he a ascendingeyes were they cried corn and dry she rock for them,"she munched "Fear not

dull steps, heavy a and sky andof city I the stolen, in conditions told of was day happily. him "The the streaked comwith alreadyand to abthe her leading events guard, chief up had and the Nanaaha,

.vision their toing day, opened they Nephites the so Nabor. duction gates open by thrown When

rain and with heavy was windThe replaced pleased. portion their he as eaten they in had out could and go

icy their bodiesstruck with heated so, a white proceeddid the of bag. he strange unheard As and A midst infingers. the were They fingers his slipped doubtbut through him; ribbon to from ing come

of a pile of rocks hidden in a grove less an act of Jehovah to open the to the grass. Zena stared but he

vines.of shrubs and flushed replaced it. get into the quickly to Both way for Ammon her, Releasing their silence held Lamanite. the undetected David grasped city and an awkward by

her hand and with such speed as Blessed Jehovah!"She rocked tongues. It was broken only whentheir tired limbs could command, back and forth and sobbed quietly. Bithna appeared suddenly before

the the where southwest tohurried self. quite like her usual intervened. them, had mercy We "Thy

forest outlined. heavily hung shall her joyfully. be embraced debt. the Zena paid By have We

it, reachedthe day had time they rose stared. she and David free."Suddenly

broken and they sought shelter turned to him. "Do you know "Thou here?"he ejaculated.

rocks of and green a massamong delightedly. starved? She and have suffered we how exdropped Zenagrowth. Again great powers. has Even borne "Bithna have you we know how Do shehausted. minutes some For her injustices? stamped but cruelties Zena their Gods—"chuckled and Do the returninglay quiet, with then little in are ones not blasthere foot angrily—"Do you know

curiosity.strength came Who she cried. of food heard never pheme,"had that City who

the parapet over andlifted her chuckled, then Bithna hunger? Again to satisfy enough Now

carried those her all hours, or were them. eyed each of I shall live to see the City Beautiminutes,they in that inky pit? this for haste make must "We walk its streets—to enter ful—to satShe up eagerly, Lehibe in but day must its Temple."one we

David helped her to her feet and Nephi."

OHE saw a strange drew her near him. What a pity "Will the Lamanites follow

sight and David wondered why she to disillusion one so fair. He wonus?"Zena asked anxiously.

shrank back. dered if he had ever seen one half "Me thinks not,"the witch anlight- "Are you a—a Lamanite?"she so beautiful. swered, her seared old face

asked, puzzled. "Do not hope too much,"he ing.

Laughing quietly he disappearchided gently. 'There are only "Then why must we hurry,

ed. When he returned, her eyes sixteen of us and there are hordes Witch -mother?"

widened. His hair was smooth of Lamanites."Slowly and distinctly Bithna

and shining. From his body he "Do not fear; Jehovah has sent said; "We must trust not the Lahad washed all the dirt and some them and we shall be delivered."manites, but in one day more, unof the stain while his clothes were Then conscious that he still held (Continued on page 186)

By IT'S54PROBABLY CLARENCE H. PAYYOUR LEGS

S'Obecause the lowerLegs—simply they dubbed him

twothirds of his long, thin lankiness was all too apparently given over to those Ichabodic attributes.

And the name had stuck. Legs he

was, or soon became, wherever he went.

It wasn't so much the name itself that bothered him—that had come

it wasas a natural consequence—as

the carefree insinuations that fretted him so unmercifully and that, rather than his long length, made him feel so gawkishly ungainly.

As time had passed, his warm, sunny disposition had gradually faded, leaving him moodish and cold; and finally, as a last dismal

effort to avoid this distasteful condition, he had withdrawn himself from his usual connections into a little microcosm of his own, so impregnably bulwarked on all sides with a biting sarcasm of such vehement velocity that even his closest friends left him, for the most part, entirely alone.

As these avenues of social contact had grown less and less, he had become more and more interested in books, until it was they that seemed to fill all of his leisure time with a quality of intellectual enrichment that may have made him the leading scholar of the school.

It was undoubtedly the factor which, during school hours, brought him into such close association with Tommy Jones, Tommy the indomitable, who candidly considered himself to be the one supreme appeal to all femininity.

On that Friday afternoon Tommy breezed into the "chem. lab."flU1kiteAexactly half an hour late (Tommy

air of importance withwaslate—ifalwayshe wasn'texactly more—andhalf an hourhe Tommy's IS THE SECOND EXTRA ALL RIGHT, RULON?

always breezed, regardless of how ered; his breeze sighed into a very unessential task of repolishing

casually he might have loitered in zephyr. He leaned indolently them. That was as far as his

the halls or loquaciously idled on against the desk and looked lazily knowledge of chemistry carrier1 the campus) breezed importantly around the room. Everyone was him.

over to desk number 12 and stopoccupied. Presently the office door squeaked

ped stalk still in unaffected amazeAt last, to overcome that sense open, and a selfconscious Legs ment. Legs was not there! And of tedious expectancy that poscrossed to his desk and jerked the

that was unusual. Why he was sessed him, he pulled out a rack of manual Tommy had opened into

always there! But today he wasn't! test tubes and set himself to the its accustomed place.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 155 "A little salt. It may be labeled things in the world. Of course, Jane sighed beautifully—she alNaCl, or else table salt. Get a I'd be delighted."ways sighed beautifully. "Isn't

large test tube full."Legs twisted He guided her gracefully to the this chemistry laboratory just too

the handle of the desk tap, squirtplace designated, praying the while wonderful. It's the grandest I've

ing the flask half full of water. that he had inadvertently cleaned ever seen."

is.""Table salt? Are you sure that's the mess up a little. He hadn't. "Uhhuh. It—it surely

the kind?"Tommy looked up It was just as he had left it, with He fingered a couple of books nerbetter bequestioningly. the old dirty mop prominently disvously. "I—I guess I'd

lot of work "Surely. Why not?"Legs played at the center and background going. I—a—I've a

shook the flask industriously. by little daubs of puddling water. to do tonight."He paused awk-

"Oh, I just thought it might be Tommy smiled undismayed. wardly. "I—a—I'm awfullyone of those highclassed salts "Gosh, this desk sure is a mess. glad to have met you—a—Misssulphates, or hydroxides, or someMy partner always reports first and Jane."

thin'like that. You know the I have all of the cleaning up to do. And the girl smiled softly to herkind I mean."Tommy checked And today I was just so thrilled self as he stalked clumsily away.

along the line of test tubes, enand worried over you that I clean For Legs the following six weeks deavoring to detect the cleanest. forgot all about it."He grabbed were an ordeal nearly overwhelm-

"Just good oldfashioned, comthe rag and gave it three or four ing in their complications—common-ordinary, table salt."Legs energetic sweeps, leaving the desk a plications produced by an ungovpoured the water from the flask. sparkling array of water crystals. ernable pair of size number tensHe simply couldn't see how any in- "Oh! Isn'tthis..."and-a-halfs in league with an undividual could be such a wow with "Everything's O. K. Just read manageable pair of threefoot legs.

the ladies and still have such a small your discussion."Legs slipped a But through the united efforts of

amount of intellect. "And don't neatly folded apron in the desk. the Elite School of Dancing and his

get epsom salts. There's a difHis face set sternly. sister, Mary, Legs had finally coference.""Say! Why didn't you wash erced those complications into a

this stuff!"He whirled on Tomstate of culture essential to the at-

J\T exactly 2:32 that my resentfully and found himself tending of his first dance.

afternoon Legs allowed the last looking into the loveliest pair of On that primal occasion Tommy drop of acid to slide down the tube black eyes he had ever seen. espied an indecisive, fearrestrained

of the funnel. His mouth gaped open in undisLegs, clapped a bonily substantial

"Well, that's that."Legs turnguised admiration and surprise. back and greeted cordially. "Well,

ed to Tommy, who had been The blood throbbed at his temples, for all that's cryin'out loud. Strike

watching the simple experiment flooding his face a most brilliant me dead. Goin'to give 'em a

with apparently absorbed interest, crimson. Everything became treat."

to. Butthe apparently referred directly to strangely blurred—strangely cha- "Gosh, how I'd like

of the every I get to point time to otic. absorbed the experiment—the jittery I daring, I get doing so and "Miss Lovelace, my partner, Mr. latest infection. hisJane—Jane, shiver."Bolton."Rulon right that to think now sheAnd

was out there in the hall waiting "Rulon Bolton,"she murmured "Aw, you'll get over that all for him while he was industriously the name lingeringly. "You're right. It's just beginner's luck

watching water bubble. not the Rulon Bolton whose name or rather complaint. We all have

Hurriedly, as his partner left to heads all of the scholastic records. it the first two or three times and report, Tommy jumbled the dirty You must be awfully smart."then—Presto!"Tommy waved

apparatus in the desk unwashed expansively, ogled a passing girl, and left the room, fervidly wishing JTIE groped frantically held up one finger provisionally, he had no report to make. for something witty to say. "I made it two and smiled his apHe was back again in a few min- I guess I'm he all right, b-but I- proval. Legs watched covetously.

utes bringing a radiant Jane with 1*11 bet I'm not half so smart as "W-where's Jane?"he asked, a

telltale his over spreading vioeven blushed you."more him, He

alfeatures. thought you feel lently the ever "I—a—Iflush than could and it isn't she magnificent!""Oh, her."brought ways his perspiration standing out on admiringly. gasped "So many football captain beat the "Oh, drops. in forehead hands His huge It's large, clean. desks, so so Oh! this to time, never her but me legs his red big became hams; two just too grand!"little again."feeling of sym- A a long, telegraph couple spindly of it is. "Yes, Chem. know You this for big pathy blunawkward fact, poles. in being, His whole is didn't best subject."He my stole derer over did him. Why a grotesque took gawkion most therefor suggest reason the might fall her? to for Legs have go and ness. are his partner. things be Some just as chance about had much He a folks."in me, "Excuse And better unsuggested. in direction chicken that as some every to suwell-known manner

love to take I'd just "I imagine perior cavalier Tommy bowed his of getting a permanent wave. I shall."it myself. She Maybe exit.

bit her lip reflectively. Left entirely to themselves, both During a surge of

"Gosh! I wish you would! It seemed tentatively at a loss as to irresistible longings, Legs suddenly

surely would make a paradise out just what to say. The girl looked found himself the member of a

of this place. Like to see my desk. around the room as one enraptured swarming hive of young, smiling,

It's number twelve."—the boy studied his feet as one vying males, each endeavoring in

She smiled coyly up at him. decidedly disenraptured and toed a his own peculiar fashion to gain the

"Tommy, you say just the sweetest few grains of spilled salt restlessly. (Continued on page 184)

In the Spring Vignette Companioned

By Grace C. Jacobsen By Lois Anderson By Gertrude Hood McCarthy

\ AY heart is filled with gladness "THERE'S a red flamingo flying T ONELY '** In the Spring. * With a long, hoarse cry. *-* Sometimes! But as

Avaunt my thoughts of sadness There's a moon above the marshes, I think of others who [n the Spring And the clouds drift by... Are struggling on a lone way too,

Then the birds and humming bees The silver moon is silent, I quickly realize

And the blossomladen trees And the grasses nod That I am not

Waft their fragrance on the breeze But the red bird keeps on crying Alone.

In the Spring. His loneliness to God.

thrill The of green things growing Ki'eJsiV!*—Duty

In the Spring.

The rippling streamlets flowing China Cups By Phyllis Mendenhall

In the Spring;

Helen Candland By lilac the are swelling buds Then things, great do the 1"CANNOT the smelling are hyacinths And J- fragile I cups six like sent should China to do T JE to me That the robins'Underneath dwelling * fair; earth forever the oriental signs. carved * Curiously make with To

Spring. In the

blue, forever they sky came, The when And things small I can six Five the But do the broken. of were

lark is singing meadow The life sweet. to help make That

the In Spring I I cried all that demanded fill arise to the skies, clouds Though

Its goes melody winging delicate, cool beauty The that now lay beat. tempests roughest And In the Spring. Shattered unfairly, so

I am captive to its sweetness So unlike the pattern art intended.

And I marvel at its fleetness little the guessed stupid joy of its completeness Poor And me—I

the In the Spring. to planned high perfection Bryce Canyon {In Utah) My life,

cups, those of

lie in The world is full of glory Would ruins at my feet, By Jane Rawlins Sheean

In the Spring. in vigil, splendors here

earth repeats its story The Like so much crushed porcelain. WITH God

In the Spring. None but the gods possess more than one converge

In floods color of senna wave. on wave flawless hour its lovely tapestry And

lifts special rapture architrave an A if see Fates the you but the In of mold symmetry Salute filigree in surge casement upward perfect and model, One single Is a so may guess And hidden mystery

In the Spring. A little what the rest might be. While we half hear a lonely cadence urge

A memory of vanished chief and brave

In tribute voiced in this majestic nave

Where soul with rhapsody must deeply

Lights merge.

By Cristel Hastings Immortal sunset carved within a stone, You nurtured well the faith of young

Piute: lights that shine through rain, r LOVE

his of mountain above hope Then dawns* Candleglow through windowpane shone Stars the that etch silvered way, heard, song, Pleiads gave Or him now now playingMoonbeams the bay! on mute

silence rules that overtone Today, though [ love lights that quiver through still a heart granYet Bryce with movesTrees are that a shadowed blue lute. deur's

Fireflies that seek the skies And the light deep in your eyes! With wistfulness the wings of mellow

-<lWJssi*- charm Expand from pinegreen floor to airy dome, Sweetness As if to cross the years and touch a home

Where red men were allowed to dance and

By Quinn La Mar swarm CWEETNESS lies in the simple thingLikeThey beescherishedabout therea hivea canyonwithoutpolychromealarm.

K-'Green of wood—breath of spring. Of Nature's light within a living tome

Through the coolness of the morn Where valiant faith might save tepees from

Daylight breaks—day is born. harm.

Rustling leaves are whispering stones

Tell of fairyland and glories. O hear a song of drifting birch canoe,

Crinkled sunlight, dainty too, Like voices which repeat a faroff strain |

Slips by leaves and branches new, For joy may rise above a hate's taboo,

Casts fantastic patterns 'round And live beyond a will which would proPrinting lace work on the ground. fane

Sweetness lies in the simple thing Photo bv Eva Hogan A banished glory keeping rendezvousGreen of wood—breath of spring. "DECEMBER SNOWS, 1934"With loveliness in sun or driving rain

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on the SCREEN

David Copperfield (M. G. M.) usual. Good mystery melodrama.

One wishes that Dickens himself rpHE members of the "Era"staff Adults and Young People.

tells this seemight in production—which pictures evaluate view and Gentleman A Notorious true and is so story.the David whole in which all cases. ): this possible mystery Good When ( Univ.

real! Ednaappealing becomes he May he the estimates what be cannot done, of commits criminal lawyer

life; to brings BetsyOliver Trotwood concrime. Well perfect of is organized for people groups the thinks

Frank Lawton as Davidgrown-up and this especial purpose are taken. trived and acted. Adults and Young

Hugh Williams as Steerforth give an The groups previewing pictures People.

characterizatheir sincerity toEnglish presenting representative and ( WarCockatoo White The settings,tions convincing. most The I are: opinions Nat'Daughters: French old to heirs an ner) The direction,atmosphere, acting—all the of Revolution; American crissconfused a in are estate involved theunite one to demand Society Nat'l England strange New identities verdict—perand cross mistaken of

fect, everyone. for Federation Gen. Women; roWom- finally to lead situations which Lives Lancer a Bengal of en's California Clubs; Congress and justice. Adults and mance

: color, with (Para.) Brimming Parents Teachers; of Nat'l and People. Young the daring, excitementmovement, and Council Jewish Women; WomPro- -British) (Gaumont British POWER sacrifice tells the ofstory two of en's University Club. average lifted by: notable above ductionofficers their the of for commander son classiindicate audience They of but throughout, acting. Somber all. loyalty Adults placed abovewho fications as follows: Children—techwill overlook interest those to who People.and Young 1 years; to 4 up Adolescents—up of sake the faults for nical production His Reclaimed The Who Man to years; 18 People—18 and fine meanings content, dramatic: timely daring and (Univ.) A years; to 25 25 YoungAdults—ouer Adults. treatment. intelligent private guilt the of of years. advice these ofHEADtheme—that comTheinterests in bringing war to pass—is mittees, and the "Era,"is: "SeThe Band Plays On (M. G.

presentation. remarkablegiven a

the play somber,Though is thoughtlectyou yourknowpictures.are of fine Gotype.to thoseStay M.):which farEntertainingsurpasses mostcollegeof thepictureother

insight, in the deepentertainingprovoking and football pictures. Human those from away that you know

values ethicalest sense of the and direction, word. Adults are trashy objectionable. or Your understanding

Young People. admission ticket is a definite conand a capable cast create an excellent

Air (Warof Devil for Family. the Dogs tribution toward setting stanfilm

of thener) with: Story background in Manhattan (R. Romance dards of production."

the Air Service, with thrilling forma- K. O.): A pleasantly idealistic tale

tions, target work, use of bombs and with a good cry and a good laugh every smoke screens and dedicated to the few minutes. Family.

: (Para.) the Quietly air pilots of daring the of Latecourage One Hour

: Realistic (Warner) BORDERTOWN office interesting story but of moving Family.Navy. of struggle heartbreaking of drama

: employees complications, and romantic (Univ.) The Life Returns enrise to poor above Mexican young stalled with exciting in climax a whichpicturization experiments which of differences Racial and amelevator the lives changes life four of peovironment. apparently afterbring a dog back for thought. bitions food supply

ple. is Adults. left gruesome withouthas made Adults.starkness which might be expected. Only Eight Hours (M. G. M.):

G. (M. Forsaking Others All city in a great Whirl of life and interesting eddy forDifferent Family. and

plot: Flimsily developed with M.) hospital. eleAdults. simple, (Fox) MANLOCK A

efflippant dialogue, trained comedy in toil (Univ.): Strange storymental heroism Wives Amusof: and

the digging of a tunnel under the East ing domestic comedy, in which an imforts and glaring inconsistencies that

River in New York. Lightly sketched poverished Russian family of aristostrike an artificial note throughout.

in places, it will be of particular incrats descends unexpectedly upon a Poor subject matter, unethical slant terest to men and boys, but should be young American business man, and he and scenes in questionable taste make to all Adults and Young People. turns the tables and saves the day. Not it a matter of greater regret that the

Wings in the Dark (Para.) too much sense, but good fun. Adults cast is bound to attract large audiences.

Aviation drama, with several unique and Young People. Strictly mature, and not recommended

features, including a romance between Music in the Air (Fojc): Light, even at that.

a girl flyer and a blinded aviator. pleasant musical comedy set against the Here is My Heart (Para.):

Family. lovely Bavarian mountains; the story Charming comedy romance of rich

GILDED Lily (Para): Fresh, deals with the efforts of some simple young radio artist who finds the realisparkling comedy, with real people country musicians to find a place in zation of his dreams. Family.

moving naturally through clever, conopera. Family. The President Vanishes

vincing scenes. Crisp dialogue, exThe Night is Young (M. G. (Para.): During a crisis in government

cellent characterizations, Family. M.): Amusing comedy of Vienna in the President of the United States arMills of the Gods (Colum.): the '80's, which is delightful to those ranges a dramatic disappearance to

Story of a rich, dominant old woman who do not take movies seriously. thwart the war proganda of big busifighting to keep open the mills on Family. ness profiteers. Strongly dramatic and

which a thousand men depend for a The Best Man Wins (Col): commendably presented picture. Famliving. Family. Excellent underwater photography Uy.

North Shore (Warner): A picand good suspense in a thrilling action Sweet Adeline (Warners)

ture to appeal to lovers of horses. The picture of deep sea divers and jewel Elaborate musical production, with detraining and riding of them makes most smugglers. Family. lightful lovestory running through,

of the story, with society folk, comedy Charlie Chan in Paris (Fox): which carries a young singer from her

and intrigue coming in for a share. The astute Chinese detective with a job as waitress to days as a famous

Adults and Young People. more difficult and dangerous task than star on Broadway. Family.

HOW, WHEN By JAMES JENSEN Head of Science Department of the AND WHY Box Elder High School and Scout

Commissioner of Box Elder District. BOYS BEGIN

THE USE OF such teaching is emphasized by the dominant church to which the greater number of boys belonged.

The failure of 45.6% of the boys TOBACCO to credit the schools, and of 81.5%

of them to credit the Church with giving such instruction may be acand how do our boys counted for by the results of the WHENbegin the use of tobacco? investigation into the age at which

What is the sincere opinion the boys began to use tobacco. The

of the average boy regarding toages and the number beginning at bacco and what is his attitude toeach age follows:

ward its use? Answers to these

questions would furnish a logical Age No. Age No. Age No.

basis for working out a solution to 4.... 2 8. 27 12—-45

our present problems with referenee 5. 7 9. 22 13 11

to the use of the plant in its various 6....17 10 69 14 12

forms by minors. 7 19 11 28 15 5

The foregoing questions were Twenty did not report to this answered in the form of a questionquestion but for the remainder the naire by three hundred twentynine median age at which they first used boys in eight junior high schools. tobacco at 10.6 years includes 54%

Normal progress would place the AS ONE MALAD BOY SEES TOBACCO of all of them in the ages 1 0, 1 boys in an age group of twelve to and 12.

retardation fifteen years although inthat it possible quite Is not one "just take to temptations into the older boys bring might the protect to intended struction still were sixty more."who The incriminate to order not In group. perafter been has he comes youth per 21.1 constituted tobacco using honesty encourage to and anyone it also Is not indulge. to suaded all answered cent the boys of who sign to requested not the were boys instrucfar such often that too true that suggests questionnaire the and opporgiven were their and names after the in coming the tion home all had the youths of 18.2 who questionnaires the to answer tunity is in the form been caught has boy had the weed with tampered privacy. in filling the or mind of punishment less habit. a or of more formed participating the boys 329 Of instilling fear rather than with reto have claimed four All but all or but investigation in 45, the vigor ideals physical mental of and use the against ceived instructions in tobacco used cent per had 86.3 true and manhood? causing in resulted of tobacco which its these forms. of 284 Of some

boys, 150 had first tampered with the 45 boys not to begin, helping INFORMATION concerning the tobacco substitutes including coffee, 224 others to discontinue its use, effects of tobacco upon the body cedar bark, dry leaves, rope, dry as against 53 who reported no efare given by many of our high corn silk, and reed. Two hundred fects whatever, 2 who had not schools in courses of personal hysixty-eight boys had used tobacco previously used it beginning from giene or of physiology and hygiene.

in the form of cigarettes, cigars, mere curiosity and one who reportThe following are quotations from or pipe. Thirtyfive had used ed that it made him assert his pereminent authorities as given in

chewing tobacco and one had used sonality by making him smoke Fisher and Fiske's "How to Live,"snuff. The cigarette was by far more than ever before. which is widely used as a reference

the most common form used. While the home received credit work:

The natural antipathy of the for giving instructions concerning "Only half as many smokers as normal mind against those things tobacco to all except a few, only nonsmokers are successful in the against which the untolerant phys179, or 54 per cent, claimed to tryouts for football squads."—Dr.

ical body rebels is indicated by the have received such instruction from Pack.

finding that out of the 284 who the schools and only 18.5 per cent "In the case of ablebodied men

had used tobacco all but 60 claimed from the Church. It is a well smoking is associated with a loss of

to have discontinued using it. How known fact that all children relung capacity amounting to pracfine it would be if these could be ceive instructions in our schools tically 10 per cent."

constantly protected against the against the use of tobacco and that (Continued on gage 182)

ISHERE AN

APPROPRIATE ASH TRAY

UT ulation of brain and every spinal cord, follow-

. "B athed by depression.

letic trainer observes The stimulating efthat the use of tofect on the brain is bacco lessens physso brief that tobacco ical fitness. The orcannot properly be

dinary smoker is termed a stimulant.

unconscious of this... That a sound

and often denies it. healthy man, who

He sometimes says, has never been ac- 'I'll stop smoking customed to the use when I find it hurtof tobacco, can do ing me; it doesn't better mental or

hurt me now.'The physical work with

delusive impression tobacco than withthat one is well may out it has never been continue long after shown. Indeed, such

something has been experiments as have fitness stuthelost been on from made as the just conto the body, the BECAUSEteeth do not TVERY time a man or woman uses it dents and othersof show ache until the decay has gone far he or she will realize that life, in trary."

greatest loss, in these exenough to reach the nerve."allWe probability,present this istestimonybeing threatened.from the "The

i i 1 book, "How To Live"by Irving periments, occurred with cigarets.

"At Yale and Amherst it has Fisher, professor of political economy,... Dr. W. J. Mayo calls attenbeen found, by actual measurement, Yale University, and Eugene Lyman tion to the fact that according to

director Fish, medical M. D., of tobacco using not the his research scholarsthat students observations

Institute. tenth In the Extension Life gained course had the collegeduring done smoke cigarets have not who these their statement under summary

over the users of tobacco in weight, men say: "The poetic effusions of the well."

height, growth of chest, and lung lovers of the weed are no safer guide "In experiments on animals capacity."than the exaggerated and intemperate nicotin extracts from tobacco and

"Professor Lombard, of the denouncementsidiosyncrasies againstof peopletobaccowho haveand inhalation of tobacco smoke have

University of Michigan, finds that simply hate it,"therefore, we take it produced hardening of the large tobacco lessens the power of the that in these statements, these men arteries. Clinical observation by

voluntary muscles, presumably behave taken a moderate and temperate some of the world's best authorities cause of the depressing effect on the course. indicates that the same conditions

central nervous system. There is are brought about in man by heavy

also much experimental evidence to smoking."

show that tobacco in animals intin in tobacco smoke, and when i i i duces arterial changes. The preswe reflect that there is sometimes "Blindness or tobacco amblyent wellmarked upward trend of sufficient nicotin in an ordinary opia, a form of neuritis, is not an

mortality from diseases of the cigar to kill two men, it is not uncommon affection among smokarteries offers a good reason for strange that enough of it may be ers. There is also often an irritant

heeding such evidence and taking absorbed from the smoke passing effect on the mucous membranes of the safe side in every controversy over the mucous membranes of the eyes from the direct effect of the regarding it."nose, throat and lungs to produce smoke.

... "But recent painstaking a distinct physiological effect.""Catarrhal conditions of the

experiments by high authorities / y / nose, throat, and ear have also been have shown the presence of nico-... "Nicotin causes brief stimnoted. (Continued on paqe 182)

Y. M. M. I A. General Superintendent and First Assistant

"riATTORPLDER"N E Y GEORGE ALBERT E. Q. MORRIS,

BOWEN, a chosen b y former memAttorney A.

ber of the E. Bowen as

Deseret Sunhis first assistdUniona y School tendentant superinof the

Board, has Young Men's been apMutual Impointed Suprovem e n t perintendent Association, of the Young was born in Men's MuSalt Lake tual ImproveCity, Februment Associary 20, 1874, ation to suc- a son of Elias ceed Elder and Mary L.

George AlWalker Morbert Smith, a ris. He has

practicof spent member SUPERINTENDENT A. E. BOWEN FIRST ASSISTANT GEO. Q. MORRIS

ally all of his Council the of the life in Salt Twelve Apostles who has held the position since Lake City. He was graduated from the UniSeptember, 1921. This change was made in versity of Utah in 1898. Soon after his graduaccordance with a new Church policy which was ation he was called to fill a mission in Great

announced recently and which appears in this Britain, where for more than a year he served as magazine. president of the London conference.

Attorney Bowen is well known throughout Always active in Church work, upon the diUtah. He spent much of his early life in southern vision of the original Salt Lake Stake in 1904,

Idaho and Cache Valley, Utah, making his resihe was selected as superintendent of the Stake dence in Logan. He was graduated from Brigham Y. M. M. I. A., and has served the young people

Young College with an A. B. degree; served on of the Church in some important capacity ever

the faculty; filled a mission to Germany; became since. Twice a bishop, a member of the stake

a member of the faculty of Brigham Young presidency of Ensign Stake, and a member of the

University, Provo; was graduated with the de- Y. M. M. I. A. General Board since 1924, he is

gree of Doctor of Jurisprudence from the Unione of the best loved and most highly respected versity of Chicago in 1911 and was made a memmembers of the Board.

ber of the legal honorary fraternity "The Coif."In 1905, Elder Morris married Emma RamAttorney Bowen has been married twice, his say, well known in musical circles for her lovely

first wife, Elitha Reeder, who died in 1906, voice. They have three daughters, all gifted

being the mother of his two fine sons. He later, musically and dramatically; and the family life

1916, married Lucy Gates, the well known soof the Morrises is lived against a background of prano, granddaughter of Brigham Young, daughcultural harmony and religious devotion.

ter of Jacob and Susa Young Gates. The remaining members of the new General

A long and varied experience in Church work Board have not as yet been selected. Ever since

and several years of service upon the Deseret Sunhis appointment Superintendent Bowen has been day School Union Board have given Attorney in the East on business. As soon as he returns

Bowen a training which has eminently prepared he will select his second assistant and members of him for the work to which he has been called. A his new board.

careful methodical worker and thinker, a calm In the meantime, the members of the old board executive, a farsighted diplomat, an eminent and the Young Women's General Board have jurist, he will bring to his new position dignity been carrying on the work. First Assisant Geo.

and ability coupled with a fine tolerance and Q. Morris has taken the lead in matters which have

understanding. to be decided.

This Smoking Business andmenthadthe remainedfather gave,short.for wantIt wasof aa thoughtful,stockargu-

A TTITUDES make themselves known through reasonable one. Let him take that boy into the

observable demonstration. home of a young Latterday Saint who has spent

equivalent the books on to money amount some takes the a child to form parent's devotion A his friends of there spent have on tobacco, and see necessities the careof and providing of life—food, it. is all a library of which the envy view who happishelter, for training andclothing, growth

for friendship anotherness. An individual's takes knowIf smokingthat itdoesn'twill retardretardhishisabilitygrowth,to gatherhe shouldfor that friendof expression definite channel ofthe

calls, shared experiences, long, conhis own some of the finest captured thought of all the the same money cannot be spent child's ages—for love contacts. talks,fidentialship—phone pleasant A for thing. than one more

itself love acts of in the littlefor its pets shows active in Churchwork, was ques- A woman, and protection which it commits for them. tioned hers in as to the dividends of by a friend

Seldom do we hear a parent object to the necessatisfaction she was receiving. "Don't you loathe

hose—orsary proofscookof devotion. "Why must I mend being a slave to the traditions and conventionvegetables? These are but exteralities of the Church? Why don't you come out

through is deeper than love I can show live the of to out into freedomnals—my woods—come the darns."neat without Absurd;vegetables and your even life? In your you aren't work own

there devotion can be nowillingness to prove free little thing like to smoke if you want to—a "I to another asincerity. friend say Should that."her. answered "While The other we

don't particularly want to exert myself to be with have sat here for less than an hour, you have you, nor can I take time to call you to ask how had to smoke five cigarettes, or shake with neryou are getting along—these are but superficial vousness, yet you talk of being free! I am free

nevertheless,"is strong, friendship my to to I choose. not Aretests—but smoke—as smoke—or let child If a conclusion? be your wouldwhat as free as free you only to smoke? are you that—or the could starve kitten or dog suffer,a a wounded slave a called Aren't to your have you you what

child's protestations of love for them be credited? freedom?"

There is only one answer. A little clear thinking will unveil the fallacies

Why is it that external manifestations are acof some of the things which have been regarded as cepted as a natural and consistent part of devotion a part of freedom. Perhaps the old answers do

in other human relationships by many people not suffice; but there are plenty of new ones.

who rebel at the necessity for such in a religious And in an understanding of the truths behind concern? Why, when proof of allegiance is so them and the basic principles involved in the

delightful a part of other soulcompanionships, is opportunity to prove sincerity, there will come there objection to it in this one particular field? a satisfaction greater in every way than the quesMen who glory in providing their children with tionable satisfaction which comes from a vaunted

the tangible things that help to make life interfreedom which is in reality its own enemy.

esting, give materially to their Church grudgingly, E. T. B.

if at all. Boys who spend hours to reach the

home of the only girl in order to associate with her for a little while protest against traveling a The Choosing Hour short distance to the house of the Lord and the is an hour somewhere among the years,"time spent in meeting with others who have gath- "THERE ered there. Girls who would not think of allowwrites Clarence Edwin Flynn in the opening

ing a friend to lack for assurance of affection will poem in the February number of this magazine, let their religion go for any length of time with when all of us must pause and choose our course.

no attempt to prove sincerity in the affiliation. By that, we are certain that Mr. Flynn does not

Why should demonstrations be accepted obligarefer to one particular hour which will never come tions, joyously discharged, in most connections again. That hour, undoubtedly, is every hour

but in the realm of the spiritual loom up as unof every waking day, and especially those hours necessary and troublesome? when decisions must be made.

Take this smoking business! It has been speciUnfortunately we never know which are the

fied as one field in which sacrifice can be made great and important choices. One which might

to prove devotion. There is no reason for conhave seemed most trivial may prove to be the

tending against it on the grounds that it is supermost momentous.

ficial religion external, deep while be should and there I I choose church to go to hear and someIt is integral. giving of opportunity oneand

life. that shapes to a attend I choose my to thing willingness ofproof an attitude. Without

furnish this proof, the attitude itself must come ball game, or to go fishing. Perhaps somewhere

under questioning doubt. a great idea will take possession of my heart. Such

choices are course. accidental, of the other But, on people the of today need Perhaps young new

if I constantly to those things choose do tall hand, their chap, toanswers young "Why?"One to bring I, inthen which me nearer am my goal, finely several inches formed, toweringand and

above his somewhat short father, was amused deed, a mortal being, taking an active part in life. at his father's warning that smoking would stunt shaping my future

his growth; the boy had smoked for several years Friend, who may be reading this, this instantand grown tall and his parent had never smoked—today—-tomorrow—is the choosing hour.

"DY action of the First Presidency tivity meetings. These activity meetCouncil and the of the Twelve

Apostles taken in November, 1934, On Priesthood ingsIt willis notclosetheat prerogative11:55. of a class

classes instructor these relation in Priesthood inthe changes following if see the day, expect to to YKTE set the to aside of course to were the authorized Priesthoodordination v "live long (and enough we substitute his lessons of and if studymade: own live long of us not do some lessons are fixed choosing. for definite prepared a These time be "That

it, others see there are to enough office the supervision the of General Priests of under thethe to of ordaining council every will), when who the Authorities of Priesthood, Church. the in MelchizedekElder

in the Priesthood the of Church 1 9, this affording that thus be ageand Latterday Christ Jesus of of years of privilege the ofElders two Priesthood its duty, will The Quorum Saints understand before theytraining experience and its responsibilwill assume own eligible the to ordination forbecome Committees its calling, ity, will and magnify office Seventy. of

fill its the in to place the Church it stakes the of and wards trainsome experience and TN "Three intelthe to according uttermost, difficulty are the for having 13, 12, seemsing 14; some we Deacons—years ability possesed ligence by and training getting in four the years experience committees and quorum "Two

it. shall come, that day Whenfor functioning. the In 16; one organized and and Teachers—15 necesso there will be not much

it training these that years stake experience comand rumored was "Two is being that sity for work now 18."didiscontinued the mitteesfor been and 17 had by Priest—organizathe auxiliary done by this the It Authorities be of that rection expected plan the of put was

it tions, will because be done by all is case. the in the of operation the notinto wards Church. Each This

Priestthe regular of the quorums the in January, have Priesthood 1935. should ofChurch quorum designed and hood. Lord The fully organized following committees there also that It approved was it beginthe comprehended from functioning: and class the in a missionary beshould provision has ning, made and He

1. Welfare. Personal inthe following School andSunday ei;ery in the whereby Church

2. Service. Church relainstruction has published been satisfied be need met and may 3. Instruction. Class class: this totion organizathe regular through Social. 4. Miscellaneous and authorities presiding have "The It Priesthood. the has tions of

directed the General Sunday School truly been said that the Church Definite instruction pertaining to

Board to make a change in the Misis perfectly organized. The only these committees and their functions

sionarytraining classes in our schools, trouble is that these organizations will be found in the Preisthood Manbeginning January 6th. In accordance are not fully alive to the obligaual, pp. 4550, and "In the Realm of

with their desire a twoyear course will tions that rest upon them. When Quorum Activity."Members of these

be prepared for Elders and other young they become thoroughly awakcommittees should also be actively enmen and women of 19 and 20 years ened to the requirements made gaged in each ward where there is but of age. The personnel of this class of them, they will fulfill their a segment of a quorum as we have it,

will not be chosen by the Bishop and duties more faithfully, and the for instance, in the quorum of High approved by the Stake President and work of the Lord will be all the Priests. The work of these comtaught in a stake group as formerly stronger and more powerful and mittees is vital to the progress of therequired, but will be a ward Sunday influential in the world."—Presquorum.

School class the same as other departident Joseph F. Smith, General Each brother holding the Priesthood

ments. The lesson, however, will be Conference, April 6, 1906. should be in possession of the Priestsuitable for prospective missionaries. hood Quorum Bulletin, and study it

"Under the new rule worthy young closely, for it contains not only the lessons instrucDoctrine Gospel but will at ordained be Elders 19men in instruction years received missionary the tion for meeting quorum the monthly the twoyear after taking age,of and ocbe class provided. the There may

activity meeting should the which and if called course,Missionarytraining called will be casions young men when day. held Sabbath be each will mission, a be ordainedupon reach field they before to the mission

Seventies."the age of 2 1 years, and this will be an

It that to our attention has come the rule. to exception Such young Brigham Young On

classthis organized been has not the period called during in men may be some of the wards of the Church. The of the twoyear course of study, but as Priesthood

holding of this missionary class is manfar as possible the twoyear period of datory. It cannot be dispensed with missionary training should be comTF anybody wants to know what the

without doing injury to the missionary pleted before young men and women Priesthood of the Son of God is, it plan. The course of study must be, are called to foreign missionary labor. is the law by which the worlds are,

also, the course prepared under the The brethren of the High Priests, were, and will continue forever and direction of the General Authorities of Seventies and Elders will study in the ever. It is that system which brings

the Church as it is given in the Sunday Gospel Doctrine classes as heretofore. worlds into existence and peoples themSchool. The outline of study for this A full period of fortyfive minutes is—gives them their revolutions—their

class is published. alloted to this study. At the close of days, weeks, months, years, their seaUnder the ruling of the General the Gospel Doctrine class at 11:25 the sons and times, and by which they are

Authorities, missionaries going into the sisters will assemble as outlined in rolled up as a scroll, as it were, and field will be ordained Seventies, but previous instruction while the brethgo into a higher state of existence."

before this can be done they must have ren will engage in their Priesthood acJour, of Dis., Vol XV, p. 127.

.

Priesthood Meetings guidance of quorum officers and superCooperation of the Young Men's visors: Mutual Association has been enlisted

TN response to many inquiries received Activity Period: and M Men activities are now being

at the office of the Presiding Bishopric 1 Prayer. carried on in many of the camps.

in connection with the new plan of 2. Roll call. Manuals have been supplied to each

holding Priesthood meetings during 3. Consider ways of increasing atof the camps and other reading matter

the half hour period from 1 1:25 a. m. tendance of absent members. is being sent regularly. Priests'quoto 11:55 a. m., on Sunday mornings, 4. Report on assignments of duties rum lesson manuals have also been

attention is called to the statement isperformed. furnished to many of the camps.

sued December 15th. 5. Assignment of duties for ensuing It is urged that the letterwriting

The use of lesson outlines is a defiweek. project be undertaken, especially by

nite part of the Aaronic Priesthood 6. Instruction in duties and filling asPriests'quorums, immediately, and

program and an important part of the signments. that news of quorum activities be retraining provided for the young men 7. Social and fraternal activities. ported to absentees.

of the Church. All quorum members 8. Any instruction by member of

bishopric. to secure lessonare urged books and to

9. Lesson Period: Annual Checkup Meeting thefollow regularly. study course

Quorum supervisors are urged to Lesson work under direction of su- "THE suggestion is made by the Premake careful preparation in advance in pervisor. siding Bishopric to Stake Aaronic

order to secure the best possible results Priesthood committees that an annual in the time work. allotted to quorum

careful coordinationBy between quoMembers in C. C. C. Camps heldcheckupin everyand wardinstructionas a partmeetingof thebe

rum supervisors and officers and the AS a part of a plan to maintain conplan of stake supervision of Priestall in the bishopric of chargemembers activities. this feasible hood Where tacts with the members of Aaronic

items the regular order business on of should meeting the as held of be one Priesthood are quorums who awayshould given sufficient attention be and sessions special the of annual ward from in engaged home C. C. C. camp

left fortime a brief the review of conferences. it work, has been recommended by

lesson.Priesthood the the conference annual of When the Presiding Bishopric that quorum

is a held review It is ward be should roll made that the urged Priestthe of supervisors officers secure and the hood quorum be carefully kept as a names and addresses of all such abof all ward activities. As the work of

is Priesthood Aaronic imof utmost in record addition toquorum the Sunsentees that letters and be sent them that portance it is urged the roll one ofday School that all other recand from the at least quorums once each ords be kept separately. It should be month. Several quorums have folsessions of the ward conference be a

pointed out that at 11:25 the Sunlowed this practice for some time and special meeting of the member of the

day School class period ends and the have reported many letters of apprestake presidency supervising Aaronic

Priesthood quorum period begins. At ciation from absent quorum members. Priesthood, members of the Stake

Priesthood with committeethis Priesthood point Aaronic quorum cases In letters are some written by Aaronic all Bishopric,officers of Supervisors Ward supervisors take charge of and individual of the members quorums

Priesthood, Aaronic Schooltheir Sunday just as they groups would own special under assignment from the quo-

I. Superintendency, A. Superin- M. atif meetings other were held some in others, and least rum at occasionally

especially others tendency asand anytime. business order of provided The all the of members letsign the quorum

activities to signed involving Aaronic the Presiding Bishopric then shouldby ters. In addition individual are members Priesthood members. calls prayer, for followed,be which to urged letters write their to absent

experience stake of one call Theroll where in other items business of and companions. This plan has been urged

is this being plan successfully followed order,regular the Priesthood making for several years in the cases of quorum is a cited as this guide. In particular entirely the separatemeeting Sunfrom being members at school to away or

stake arrangements the were classes. with made PriestSchool All Aaronicday secure employment so but with many Stake this to special Presidency hold separately should meethood quorums members at engaged C. now C. C. meeting the evening, Saturday on preIf possible. there arewhenever or two is it camps, that urged a special project ceding the regular conference ward of in a Deaconsmore quorums ward, be to undertaken maintain contacts

is sessions. entire deevening The inthey separate should meet rooms through Priesthood quorums.

this to voted meeting. are available. theywhere

business of includes a The order referred order of business The to FATHERS'AND SONS'JAMBOREE, activities of of all SHARON STAKE checkup Aaronic is reprinted here for the furtherabove PRIESTHOOD AARONIC GATHERING s

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

Priesthood.organization—selectionItems consideredand trainingare (a) vancedmained inin thetheward.Priesthood,Of the iftwoheboysreSharon Stake Holds Aaronicyof quorum supervisors, organization who marred the perfect record in nonPriesthood Father and

Priestuse of Aaronic soon tobacco one left function the wardand of Ward selecting after the Sons y Jamboree a Priest ordained committee, being and and traininghood quorum officers, etc. (b) meetings other lived in the ward one year only. CVER 300 men and boys gathered

"as outmeetings and procedurequorum evening, December on Saturday inthe following shows The record regular weekly manuals,lined in lesson School at the Lincoln 29, 1934, High teresting these facts: young men "From

Priesthood Aaronic ofmeeting Fathers'Ward held a and Sons'Jamboree and the Superintendency been chosen the havecommittee; of Stake Priesthood Sharon Aaronic (c) reports—keeping Presthe of our School and Sunday

roll training book,standard the quorum their and members with "Dads,"I. includidency of A. our Y. M. M. keeping, secretaries in recordquorum carried following out: program Moall secretary, in the instances ing both

committee, to stake reportsmonthly tion basketball picture games, 2 show, Bishappointed members. newly The

in cooperation with reportsquarterly exhibition, concluding games, boxing the of Harvey R. ward, Bishop op

as for a basis clerk, reports usingward a lunch. with fourdeacons of Dastrup, one our was points; correctingfinding and weak entertainment sponsored was is The leader Elder's teen years ago. Our

classes Priesthood Aaronic Adult (d) is the the Club,""Sharon by which filled a mission; another. other One holding them, to organize of Aaronic 93—how Club Honor composed as President served return upon home (e) lessons;meetings, course of recPriesthood gained members I. who until he the of A. moved Y. M. M. PriesthoodAaronic ognition in the activities—ward membership and Club a ago. others year California to Three

fraternal social projects,teaching, and of attaining a required by number a as foreare mill California, in one inactivities, missionary work among points for given Church and quorum artist in as Disney's one man, Walt (f) Priestactive Aaronic activity meetings. at attendance and as a secretary to lawyer, one to studio, importancehood trip a of group enjoyed This same correlation—itsmembers; boys real missionary have work. doing We successfulthe Priesthood, methods; to during Bryce and Zion Canyons at priests college attending four Logan

cooperation Priesthood Aaronic (g) the for as a of reward 1934 summer in the C. C. C. two and more programs Scout Vanguardwith and their officers the achievements. of The

recently described activity Bishop the of Warnockas Aaronic the programs are: Gillispie; President, Club RobertPriesthood—organization plan as outhis experience in the following words: VicePresident, Reinwald Leichty:

lined in "Scouting in the L. D. S. "I look back with the greatest satisSecretary, Milo Madsen, who together

Church,"checkup on organization in faction on my association with these with Richard Rowley, Grant Blake, the ward, plans for the ensuing year, boys, and attribute any measure of Kent Fielding, and Verlin Clegg cometc. success attained to a humble desire to prise the Executive Committee.

The meetings are conducted on a help them avoid some of the mistakes Cooperating with and assisting the discussion basis, checking first on the of youth. We prayed together, we Sharon Club in making the evening a

present condition in the ward in relaplayed together, we worked together, success was the Stake Aaronic Priesttogether, sang busiand each of sometion to item with on the order we we hood Committee D. with Henry Tay-

I cried together. love inness discussing of then boys and ways and am lor as chairman, other being, members

suring improvement during the coming thankful to have had the opportunity C. Wilford Larsen, James C. Jensen,

year. to have been of some small service to all members of the Stake High Council,

This plan calls for careful prepar- a few of them."Victor C. Andersen, Raymond Hardation in advance on the part of the ing, Alfred Madsen, and Marvin Perry.

stake committee, several sessions of the All Priesthood Offices in (See picture, page 163.)

stake being required group to work details of the All One Familyout the program.

available reports and records of Aaronic ALL branches of the Priesthood are Taylor Stake Deacons Visit activity inPriesthood each ward the represented in of family FredCardston Temple meeting. to theshould be taken Falls, erick Idaho. of A. Babbel Twin

The importance of this annual Upper row, Fred, Elder; Arthur, TTNDER the leadership of Brother

checkup is so vital to the success of Priest; Roy, Seventy. Lower row, Levi John Mehew, Aaronic Priestthe program that it is urged by the Bryon, Deacon; Frederick A., High hood Supervisor in the Raymond First

Presiding Bishopric that this plan be Priest; and Norman, Teacher. Ward, Taylor Stake, Alberta, Canada,

adopted in each stake in connection The father, a German convert, is a twentyone Deacons visited the Cardwith the annual conference of each member of the Twin Falls Stake High ston Temple November 24, 1934.

ward. Council and Roy is at present on a Here they entered the sacred font and

mission in Germany. In addition to were baptized for nearly five hundred

the five sons, four daughters are also people, thus, through unselfish servSigurd Ward Aaronic Priestactive Church workers. ice, opening the gateway into the Kinghood Makes Outstanding dom of Heaven for those who accept

this ordinance. The boys are all

Record anxious to go again.

"TO Bishop Irvin L. Warnock, for The names of the boys reading from

left right: to Front row—David years of fourteen bishop Sigurd

Billy Lee, Blackmore, Glen Mehew, in Stake, Sevier his counandWard

Hall, MelGrant Fawns, Verl Grant selors credit supervisors goes and ward

Verl Lybbert. Gerald drum, Second—for outstanding unusual an accomand

Carter, Melchin, Milo Robert Wood, entireplishment. the fourteen During

L. Selman. John Francum Mehew,

lost theyears one not was boy from Witbeck, Blackmore. Winston

the ofranks Aaronic Priesthood and Mendenhall, Robert McTeddyThird—Gibb auntil year the ago of no member Francis Charles Mullin, Bascom,

tobacco. usedgroup

Betts. Lawrence Coombs, Fourth

As members of the quorums reached FREDERICK A. BABBEL AND SONS, A PRIESTHOOD Nyal Earl, Leonard RolL'on, Reed

the specified ages each one was adFAMILY OF TWIN FALLS, IDAHO Fawns.

Ward Teachers Message, April, 1935

Aaronic Priesthood Standards the"Uponname ofyou,themyMessiah,fellow Iservants,confer thein ments1. Activity.to be filledOne duringmilliontheassignyear

"Priesthood, as we understand the term, Priesthood of Aaron, which holds the throughout the Church—an increase

is a word signifying the power of God, keys of the ministering of angels and of about 50% over 1934. This will

the medium of his manifestations, and the of the gospel of repentance, and of require full cooperation of all members authoritysented."—Orsonby whichF. Whitney,he is legally"The repreCon- baptismsion of sins:by immersionand this forshalltheneverremisbe and2. leaders.Missionary Work. To attempt

tributor,"Vol VI, No. 1. taken again from the earth, until the to get every person holding the Aaronic

is the prePriesthood Aaronic"THE sons of Levi do offer again an offering Priesthood, regardless of age, to participate in Priesthood in righteousness."(D. activity by filling the unto Lord

Priesthood. an L paratory As least at assignment. Sec. one 13.) C, ap- 8

the Melchito part ofpendage and have 3. Living. Clean Teach To this places Priesthood of Acceptance is its to the lay Priesthood,zedek duty all of leaders Priesthood Aaronic memlive its to obligation an members upon its lives in the of membersfoundation all including in bers organizations, and

lives, to the keep exemplary commandin service Priesthood,for the Higher parents, teach clean living—clean the observe counsel to of ments God, active teaching proper parthrough and bodies. actions speech, thoughts, and faith, leaders, to of "remember Church special duties inticipation the assigned plan, proto the fundamental Being

virtue, temperance, paknowledge,to them. the of gress Church, development and

tience, godliness, kindness, brotherly responsithe as Priestaccepted the of be Aaronic nature it should The charity, diligence."humanity, (D.

officers, is bility indicated in the of ward of and wordshood John all—stake Sec. 4.) C, 8 all it the ofthe Baptist conferring parents Church members and when upon

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery at For 1935, these three definite ob-—to encourage and assist at every opthe time of its restoration in this disjectives have been set for the Aaronic portunity in the advancement of the

pensation, May 15, 1829: Priesthood: Aaronic Priesthood and its activities.

5 *\<rf&$\*—*-

Teacher, call from the Ward Ward Teaching Active in personal the hostess of from and by invitation

Granite Stake The Builder the cottage meeting.

held, meetings with Thirtyone were a old highway, going lone man A N in Granite Stake WasatchTN Ward peraggregate attendance of 495 gray, an evening, in the cold and Came the evening of on Thursday, Defamilies. representing sons, 180 The vast wide, deep a chasm, and and Tocember 13th, the hours between 1934, at cottage meetattendance each average

of eight and nine, one home on almost The old man crossed in the twilight ing was 16, not including the musievery block was lighted and appeared dim, cians, or speakers or those engaged in to be entertaining company. In each The sullen stream had no fears for him, the program.

of those homes a meeting was in proBut he turned, when safe on the other It has been generally conceded that gress, with prayer, song and story as side, the project was productive of much some of its features. And built a bridge to span the tide. good in the way of increased comThis unique activity was the result "Old man,"said a fellow pilgrim near, munity spirit, as well as a closer cementof careful planning on the part of "You are wasting your time by building of friendship between neighbors.

Ward and Stake officials in connection ing here. Thursday night of each week is set

with the Ward Teaching Movement Your journey will end with the passing aside for Ward Teaching service, and in Granite Stake. day, every person identified with the Ward

is expected organization to Teaching will this never again pass way. You in included each program The home Teaching. do monthly The Ward the crossed have chasm, deep and Youan closing opening song and and Leaders'Class Stake Stake meeting and wide.prayer, a greeting message and from are the third for scheduled meeting a in build the evening bridge you Whythe Bishopric, delivered the by Ward in each month. Thursday The Ward tide?"in charge, specialTeacher musical numare in called to Teachers meet upon lifted old, his builder gray head, Thebers, fifteen talks and two minute on respective their the fourth on Wards

friend, in the I have pathsubjects "Good spirit true apropos the of of receive each the to of month, Thursday said, he come,"Christmas. musicians speakers and The class their carried instructions leader by

were chosen principally the from after memfolloweth today "There me the previous meeting. Stake from When

bership of other in the Stake, wards feet fifth youth, pass this a must whose appears once (about Thursday A thus leaving of the members Wasatch a social three way. or simevery months),

free their to attend cottageWard own is ilar all together get for held Ward as been This naught which has chasmmeetings. musicians speakand The workers. Teaching to meers were assigned organized and this establishing In movement, fairhaired a youth may To thatto their respective duties the under Presidency recogpitfall Granite Stake have be.direction the of Stake Music Comvirtue the of united nized uniform and

mittee and the Stake Missionary ComHe, too, must cross in the twilight dim. action and procedure, and are conmittee, respectively. Each family was Good friend, I am building this bridge vinced that thorough and successfulinvited to the cottage meeting, by for him."—Selected. Ward Teaching is the key to increased

postal card from the Bishopric, by spiritual prosperity in the Church.

.

Echoes From Noble Cain's Music Class ii you sing a solo or do you say the I can't arrange these songs to fit the words?"different voices. I would like to im-

(The following notes are in con- A practical demonstration was given press upon our officers that I personally tinuation of those published in the by Mr. Cornwall of the method he had would like to have some musical

August "Improvement Era"and are advocated. training if possible. I thought in this

taken from the minutes of a special Question: 'What if your voice course that Mr. Cain would bring out

meeting of students held on June isn't suitable for that?"in particular the way we should train

14, 1934, between the class sessions of Answer: "What you lack in voice and teach those who are under us.

the course offered by Noble Cain. The you must make up in generalship."That to me is a very important thing,

meeting was under the direction of the and it is the thing I would like to ask

Church Music Committee, Elder Geo. Missionary Farewells our officers to do. I think that with

presiding.)D. Pyper leaders in the musical we have like "I would QUESTIONS: consideration be should to Churchthe some of music kind we what knowThe Song Words voice culture."us in given to

fare- a missionary for should have

George H. Durham: well?"The Ward ChoirTT has always been a rule of mine to Answer: "We want to preserve

this meeting began is dedicated "We dignity in a house TDEMARK: which to the words. go root of a song—the

of the importance of I don't the Lord. by speaking mean that we interpretative real there. to basis liesThe

the spent choir have no at longfaced a missionary should be ward and we I it is true, said, think andOne man all. to it It I at that considering farewell. seems think, time however, do are the that forget the 'Never words

a given choir there are that that the that things is not people do ward me basis theroot of song. and them From

is I fair feeling this deal. service in a there a think shouldn't of be done derivesthe inspiration composer an and

sets it to music'I have been greatly kind."of competition among the auxiliary

impressed and very glad indeed that Question: "Does it make any diforganizations of the Church. I beMr. Cain has stressed these things. ference whether a missionary farewell lieve the ward choirs are suffering at

Music is just a means to make the is held on a week night or on a Sunthe expense of the auxiliary organizaget of the tions support and day?"until we beautiful. morewords Through

of the not organizations the should "Perhaps head Church Answer we withsound and should song we a are the that choirs going night to be not get do anything: on a week ward we senses fullyour aesthetic touched

through the beauty in our words would not do on a Sunday. Maybe success."

how we phrase them, how we change that is carrying it a little too far but them, how we build a phrase climax we must use good judgment."Exchanging Choirs

or a period climax. We can't expect (QUESTION: "What do you think

to get this out of a congregation unless Classification of Voices of the idea of wards exchanging we are prepared ourselves. PersonQUESTION: "You spoke about choir programs? Is it permissible?"

ally I would never go before an audiclassification of voices. I was Answer: "I think it might be a

ence with a book in my hand, because wondering where we are supposed to very good idea to do this occasionally.

I think I owe it to my choir or group get arrangements for boy's voices, or It furnishes a new interest,"to give them all I have and in turn I male voices, or female voices. I know (Adjourned)

expect them to give all they have to there are hardly any in circulation.

the cordial of a troubled "KAUSICS me. preparation unDon't leave your to trying spoke about put that You * * breast, a reserve of morning. til Sunday Have to over, project going but if we are

material to give."do that it seems to me that we have The softest remedy that grief can

got to have some music to work on."find;

J. Spencer Cornwall: Answer: "I think that someone The gentle spell that charms our cares

rest to to to fix our have be commissioned rote will the favored always "I have the ruffled passions of the calms And the various organizations music for up in teaching School method Sunday songs. When the words and music and age groups."mind. Oldham. cannot be read by a great many of the Question: "Are there any arrange-—John

members in the Sunday School and ments for ladies'voices in the church "N /"USIC resembles poetry; in each

where those who can read them will music? Are nameless graces which no

not assist you very much, it is a great Answer: Two volumes of music methods teach

ladies'voices been issued have a for to use this of singing help method which a masterhand alone can by And the title A., bearing the Y. phrase, W. repeat M. I. having then the group reach.

Book."it Song "Y. L. after The M. I. A. phrase then the you, second a—Pope. Society contains Song Book the Relief the song just through and so on

exact way you want it. Then it is all number of selections for women's TF music and sweet poetry agree,

memorized and learned. Everybody voices. As they must needs (the sister and

is looking at you all the time. It is Remark: "We need material that the brother)

the most direct way of presenting will fit our voices. What ward is there Then must the love be great 'twixt thee

music when the people are having difin the Church that can buy the necesand me, ficulty in reading the music or the sary music for each and every occasion Because thou lov'st the one, and I words."that comes along? The best we can the "When you are teaching by rote do do is to train them as well as we can. other.—Richard BarnReld.

BOOKS "Black"Hope Lorenzorelated theseSnow,storiesand manywhich othershave havebeen bitter tears; "I have wept Parry, gathered, to according from Mr. By B. f. Gardner Jesus wept. sources. many Printers, Inc., Catdwelt,{The Caxton

little is that a any Here volume places; lonely in "I walked have Idaho)

its gems. well have might among home places. in lonely Jesus walked

"PHE muses draw no color line. The Those who read these stories told by

* shade or the texture of the skin "I have been alone and friendless; men who knew the Prophet personally

have little to do with the emotions of Jesus was friendless. cannot be led to believe many of the

heart.the suffered "I have grievous hurt; H.talesR.whichM. are circulated of him.

Jesus was crucified. B. F. Gardner, a colored man, born

the in Arkansas, Ozark,in 1900 "Jesus is in Heaven; Discovering Overstreet childtwelfth a family of thirteen, of

"whose parents were born under the I'm praying."{Books Published by Morton Co.)

songs. slavery"has of sungyoke many a author, porter with Pullman The of delightful voyages the of /NNE interesting an broughtIn he out 1933 a between Cheyenne Ogden, run and

all is to - discovery open who which in a seventyninecollection page book, his at publication the the of of time is going read nonfiction to love a in black bearing deep andbound resided in Ogden. H. R. book M. Overstreet the it books A. through H. by a thejacket of making same hue

striking book among books. and finding therein most of the things

for seeking have been they uStories which About Joseph for seventy contains about The volume years. these many inare which somepoems among Smith"adult Civilized Loafing, to Guide A the ones. thattriguing Knowing

author is a negro, one can read between By Edwin F. Parry volume of the current year's reading

the lines, and often within the lines {The Deseret News Press) course in M. I. A. is proving a pilot

to exfurther leads light which many race galling the of grindthemselves, Saints, Smith, Latterday Joseph TO the in the of plorations same works race. "Black"which * poemupon The as will the Prophet, always loom reviewed has been author. book This is arresting: theopens book, religious heroes great the of and one

issue the Era, a of former in and many all fair time; to leaders Americans of appreciation delighted of expressions its leaves are tree the ask oak"Go why interesting puzzle will always be he an those have heard been from have who green, transcendentalist as as a well dynamic

its sane, the read and enjoyed and book is it red. rose the question And why transcendentalists great the of among practical and heartening philosophy its stars at question of Heaven Go his a will time; be to he always few the into possibility incorporating of night, in evil influences the counted among living. pattern present average of day its overarched day, blue of by And life. early cannot and American He earlier is book, Quest an Enduring The head. the will forgotten be but not any by

its timeless in timely but and ancient before the pyramid, stand interest—Go the unlettered ignorant. and

is It it or old for too too new. not all of the storms and wearDefying

stories told the of the years pass As a carries considerreader the through age, will importance grow in concerns, with and ation human of many mighty power and him ask what And interest. will say, People romantic possibilities analysis into the a careful charm what

he did?"could he what do "How satisfactions happiness enduring of and Protects

it cheap cheap paper and not for it from the cancer of time's Were Influencing them. found in to be Hurage.

printing, undoubtedly in time he man Behavior deals with the common "And if these tell thee all that thou would take his place among the great weapons and instruments of affecting past. heroes of the Even shadowy speakwith ourselves and wouldst know others—writing, side; recorders newswith upon every be, ing, being what we pretend to the stone, the lowly dell The trees,

repapers pamphlets and books and others music, and humor many that ask need not which me then You is tales to he of him, counting bound suggested of utilizing ways wouldst, thou—withdrama, characteristics. acquire legendary all these. in of more effectively I And friend, I fear For, know oh, my

too well; In this handy pocket edition of the book lies the magic power of makAnd knowing well sure I will an- "Stories About Joseph Smith,"Edwin ing readers want to get on, not just of

swer back, F. Parry has preserved for us in one making them feel that it is their duty;

'Not lack of manhood, no! God place a number of the choice bits which which is one test of a great book. We

made me black'."have been told by acquaintance of the Move in New Directions is one of the

Prophet. Such noted characters as truly soulsatisfying considerations of

Here is a bit which reveals the hidBrigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, the problems—social, educational,

den hurt: Parley P. Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, political, economic. E. T. B.

Send all Correspondence to Cdmmittees Direct to General Offices I

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET MAIN NORTH I. A. M. Y. M. I. Y. A. M. W. CITY, SOSALT LAKE UTAH SMITH, GEORGE ALBERT FOX, RUTH MAY

R. LYMAN, RICHARD CANNON, GRANT Offices Y. General W. MELVIN'J. BALLARD, A. M. I. A. LUCYCLARISSA BEESLEY,

A. BISHOP'S BUILDING KIRKHAM, OSCAR ELSIE HOGAN,

Secretary Executive CITY, SALT33 LAKE Executive Secretary UTAH

January 24, 1935. the right of way and from November concurrence of the Presidency of the

To Presidents of Stakes and Bishops of Friend15 to willDecemberhave the15 field.The Children's Stakewith theand approvalthe Bishopof ofthetheauxiliaryWard andorWards: Of course this has to do with the ganization affected by any modificaDear Brethren: yearly campaigns for many people are tion.

sethis enlisted in will generally that be the of voluntary work We trust Improvement"THE Managers of The in all these subscriptions, interest the curing avoid observed to of and 1 Era, Society Magazine, The Relief all these pressing important of the the Church. magazines people by having

The Instructor and The Children's workers call in the same month we Sincerely your brother,

Friend have agreed that it would be far thought it was far better to have a Melvin J. Ballard.

better to have a distinctive time when month for each of these magazines. Of

of the forces use a drive or makewe course deter the regular this does not Stake Reports presentthese to our sevorganizations field stakes, in the people wards and eral magazines to the people, instead who are charged as agents of these riUNNISON: More than a thouof doing it all at the same time. magazines with the responsibility of sand people participated in the

Our agreement and arrangement is promoting it all the year round, of M. I. A. bonfire and outing held by the

that each year the period from August giving attention to their work at all Mayfield Ward. They took part in

15 to September 15 the field will be times. But the regular campaigns an excellent program of stories, songs,

occupied chiefly by the workers in the should, as far as possible, be confined instrumental music, readings, dances interest of The Instructor; during the in the wards and stakes to the dates and community singing. The waterperiod from September 15 to October suggested. If there is any modificamelons and "hot dogs"were welcomed

15 The Relief Society Magazine will tion of this it ought to be only on the as a grand finale.

major in the field securing subscripSt. Johns: The Mothers'and

tions; from October 15 to November MARICOPA STAKE WINNING ROAD SHOW ACT Daughters'Outing of the St. Johns

15 The Improvement Era will have DECEMBER 1934 Ward was a great success. Two hun-

M 'mSBER,

sSMIlii&llliiS '</#"?i x MlSilS88Iiii

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 69

seems to have won a healthy increase

The Cover in membership and interest.

of Tooele: event outstanding An Wilkes, picture taken cover by was our stake the THE a presentation was of

scenic well photographer the known pageant, Truth "The Shall Make You in black preserved white and has and who in colored photographs some of the richest Free."Members of the Lake View

scenes of this intermountain country. Ward, both young and old, cooperated

talent. their time, with called picture be "Farewell means and This might BALL GOLD AND GREEN

it is to of well those as Winter,"one was beautifully The theme demonBLACKFOOT STAKE scenes caught just after a fluffy snowstrated in 1 3 pictures, with song, readvisited Rockies. This the storm has ing dramatization and combining enjoyed daughters and mothersdred duplithe be cannot photograph, way, by a really create to event. worthwhile in and a program togetherthemselves this trees as cated the form magwhich Jeanette Mrs. Droubay of Tooele had to: Prizes went luncheon.delightful spires nificent every to the for dear frame

it in charge.

heart, as cut the been 83, have down. Charlotte Sherwood,Aunt

oldestdaughter—agedmother present;7 weeks; themotheryoungestwith Pocatello Stake M. I. A, Song

largest posterity present; the best dancing daughter. A most happy and sucBy Elaine Hyde Thomas

cessful affair it proved to be.

to song, to be of the sung The tune first Holland: The Amsterdam, the for Sickle,"Reaper's "Waiting was

the Ball attempted by and GreenGold first the one place stakein a awarded surprising A. was a M. I.Amsterdam contest. writing song widesuccess, approximately ninety memattendingbers and all enjoying themWAS seeking for a something thatselves immensely.

would make my dreams come true,

Maricopa: The winning act of our For a something that would help me,

road show was original and cleverly would improve me through and executed, "Treasure Island"being the through;

central idea, and in its development it And I found it in the Mutual; it is

depicted the discovery of a treasure there beyond a doubt, chest out of which the M. I. A. departAnd if you would have your preferments were taken and extolled in song ence, you must come and pick it out.

and dance. The road show is only

three years old in the stake, but ever Chorus:

since its inception it has remained the most popular event of the year. Since Come with me, and join the Mutual.

the complete circuit would span 74 And its merits loud proclaim.

miles, the stake is divided into three I am going to join the Mutual, sections and the show presented on It will fill our every aim.

pernights.three year over This 200

about you'd learn religion, go to Drawing by J. Stafford Sloan If in the partsons took an active com

K. SMITH taught, Mutual and be great the opFIELDING numbers,bined showing

portunity for expression and developJoin the frank and fair discussion, get Frontispiece the knowledge that you've sought;ment which it offers.

diversion There's in the Mutual, by Fielding Smith, K. by TTHE DUNES,"Appreciation Music Morgan: The religion stands Arts, the art the * the charge of has man who

in Richvillecourse has been most refine Ward us, while they broaden; They is a for Era,"Improvement work "The

delightful this year, presented with the polychrome pencil and gasoline sketch of culture reigns in noblest hearts.

aim of promoting a better understandthe dunes near Lake Michigan in Indiana.

ing of and love for good music. Eight The original sketch is a striking picture Chorus:

lessons were given, explaining and ilpossessing great dynamic qualities. The

lustrating various types of music. play of deep shadows against light catches If you'd entertain your friends, just

Rhythms and dancemusic were disthe attention and the imagination, making tell a story worth their while;

live eyes. the scene the before Tell secret them of of a your hobby;cussed, music, followed program by

late Fielding the of K. Smith, a son style. drama's worth and Indian, folk music, Negro,American

F. President Alice Joseph Smith K. and learned For in you've the Mutual how songs. southern mountaincowboy and is Smith, the commercial younger of one

is see, and plain to your charm interest in these.Great was shown The artists in Salt City. Mr. Smith Lake

evolution of Church music, from Bibstudied at the University of Utah and later When you dance those Green and Gold lical times to the present, was introfilled a mission to Great Britain. steps toward the goal "efficiency."

duced, with some of the most famous He has studied art at the Chicago

Latterday Saint hymns being studied Academy of Fine Art, the Chicago Art and presented. The course was conInstitute, and the National Galleries,

cluded with a lovely, informal concert. London,fine techniqueEngland.which Heenableshas developedhim to doa

Btackfoot: The Gold and Green dainty things in black and white with unBall for 1935 in this stake was the usual skill. He is also an adept at laying

most successful and the largest one ever out material for magazine and newspaper uses.held stake. in the peo1000 About

Fielding, as his to he "Smat"is knownple present were to the evening enjoy friends, married Hughes Norma who to witness theand of crowning accidental death with the the artistmet during an

Queen and the demonstration of the holiday season this year while they were four M. I. A. dances. Mutual Imon their way to California to visit her

provement is going over this year better parents. GOLD AND GREEN BALL

than ever before and the program AMSTERDAM, HOLLAND

ITY ACT! VITYCOMMUN

class that enbeingMutual Improvement conscious.thing particularHe strivesto say. toHehavesayssomeit in theimportsgroupits forspeakersspeakers.is merelyA

Through Speech a manner that will be interesting to his tertained. On the other hand a class

particular group. He may make his whose members take their turns under

By Angus Boyer point with a story. Good speakers the direction of the class leader take

in individual accomgroup and teachers enpride merely not good do

I. A. Union andLiberty Stake M. he method plishments. tertain. But whatever inspire mental and spirThey 1934 Oct.Meeting, 21, the of the duty followed it becomes itual goes growth. Their memory

\A/E are engaged in the work of the beyond the lecture hall. How do they leader to see to it that the subject be

** Mutual Improvement Associado this? They do it through the held to strictly and that what he says

tion. Let us examine the meaning of "drawing out"process rather than the does make a difference. Let's be careespecially about arguments, ful with encourage "pouring muin."They Improvement. these terms—Mutual the facts. can't change Argument improvement. good leaders are: tual Some for improvement synonymsThe

cultivation, development and especially do this through the discussion method. facts. But let's be tolerant with other

betterment. The word Mutual means Others equally good obtain best repeople's opinions and beliefs. Opinreciprocally giving and receiving. The sults with the lecture method, but they ions and beliefs come as a result of

meaning of our association is therefore: do not do all the lecturing. Neither experience and points of view. Neither

that each member shall give to all the do they feel it necessary to go outside (Continued on page 175) other members of this organization his talentsbest and his best thoughts—in

personality; his bestshort and in turn the coin sale which produced ahe shall open his eyes, his ears, his very Superintendence large proportion of the funds used

the talents, thoughts, to receive thesoul all the otherthe personality of memGeneral Board inernplacingstates. 49 markers in six westbers. 10. In June, 1931, the Word

Exhibit was conducted. I am glad that the "contests"have Y. M. M. I. A. of Wisdom

been eliminated from our work because. Received the award of thecontests do not promote mutual imReleased 1 1

provement. Contests provide merely (Continued from page 133) George Washington Bicentennial

the incentive for further improvement > -4 Commission of the George Washof individuals who have already attainington Bust and Silver Medal of ed recognition of their talent. Many Outstanding Accomplishments Honor, for the greatest participayoung people who have needed and tion in the nationwide Bicenten-

who have desired development in 1. Introduction of the Senior, nial Celebration.

Departand activities Vanguard Men,various touched by M. I. A. M 1 2. Plans were laid for a mounenter to conthe been reluctant into mentswork have M. I. A. Program.

tests because they have known that 2. Field Service and extension tain recreation park in connection

certain members of their groups were of the M. I. A. program greatly with Salt Lake City, at Mountain

better qualified by training than they. increased. Dell on the old Pioneer Trail.

This has been particularly true of story 3. Great Fiftieth Anniversary 13. Under the leadership of Sutelling elimicontests. speech and The perintendent Albert Smith, George celebrated. One of the these contests of again Jubileenation has Correlation the Priesthood Proactivities largest in ever conducted the foropened improvedoor mutual in cooperation gram was developed the Church. telling in in story conversation,ment

and in public speaking. 4. Annual, inspirational events with the Presiding Bishopric and

The close relationship of these acare conducted each year such as the Deseret Sunday School Union.

tivities prompts me to speak of them Music Festivals, etc. The Church moves on. Though

rather as one. Story telling may be 5. The System of Leadership Superintendent Smith and his two

admirably employed in public speaking Training Institutes. assistants have endeared themas as conversation. in well Public to the the of two members of the 6. Development M Men selves isspeaking conversation made I. to the General largest Boards and Basketball A. indiBasketball M.—vidual to suit occasion the formal and

all in the world, undoubtworkers league in the world.

all enter for to great tooof numbers edly they are needed more just nowinto conversation. Henceforth not 7. Vanball—a new game was

only Vanguards and Junior Girls will created for the Vanguards, with an in their special calling. All three,

I. A.be telling stories. Hereafter the M estimated participation this year of however, have assured M.

Men and Gleaner Girls will not have more than 2500 young men. workers that they will always be

of the organization and willa corner on public speaking. From 8. The Archery Finals—one of fondnow on Boy Scouts and Adults will be the largest archery tournaments take an interest in its progress and

vying with one another or at least with held in western America was dewelfare. As they go about the

themselves in for honors the speech veloped. special their performing Church

ifarts. class leader every I wonder they will be able to do much 9. General Superintendent duties activity realizes every leader he isand

a public speaker? Yet he does really George Albert Smith was the printoward establishing and maintainbecome a public speaker the moment cipal organizer of the Utah Pioing M. I. A. morale. The inhe stands before his group to convey neer Trails and Land Marks Assocoming Superintendency have been

his thoughts to them. ciation, and the M. I. A. as an assured of their continued support

Now a good leader becomes speech organization assumed leadership in and cooperation.

"Every clod feels a stir of might"

Fare Forth Beingout vastwas spacesnever bornof achingout of suchemptiness.void;

"THE sun of life, truth, smiles in perMarch On! such utter loneness. Being could not

* petual springtime upon us all. Her A GREAT and a healthy wan endure it; not even God. Nor did He,

fragrant blossoms beckon all about us. thinks little of dying. He is ever. No being was ever companionNo less in one fair field than another. absorbed in living. He neither less in the wide limitless universe. We

"From all around, earth and her waters looks long into the past nor peers are coeval with God.

and the depths of air,"comes her still too much into the future. He Not only is association with others

voice. It is indeed a voice of gladness, marches on in the present, seekforever inescapable, it is necessary and

eloquence and beauty and healing syming the present good and not a altogether desirable. Progress as well

pathy. In amplitude of liberty ours faroff goal. Well he knows as human happiness demand it.

may be the joy to obey this call to what happens to him is good or A great interpreter of life will often fare forth and bask much in the sunill depending on what he does lift others out of themselves into a light of truth. If we are in the presabout it. He wields a wonderhigher level of interest and outlookence of the lower, our glory will be to working wand—"/ am greater those of us who sometimes live in thechoose the higher—"the things that than anything that can happen nooks and crannies and blind alleys of

are. more excellent."to me."experience. We all need betimes to

life where we of heights the stand upon and grace of friendship—mind"The "exas was lifted Steady There! Enoch feel up may heart

great the beheld he high"when ceeding the Commanderin-Chief their fellow heart J-JAS with andLinked earth and course on man's of * panorama to halt; seem called a you do mind;

last at beheld destiny. glorious He his patime? Learn art; gifts only marking be science, of gains ofThe love, beauty, of a world vision of the serve tience. they Sometimes kind; sense of with oneness our The entered finally he peace, and perfect and wait. Are stand only and thirst understand to who and knowThe

it. into leaving ahead, others on liberal moving discontent large and A of God the see Kingdom must So we Life fasti behind!'Stand life's rich you in are hand, the goodsThese the sense enter. must can before we We is others; race you against a not excellent."that are things more The again unagain and living high of glory beating really by cannot win

for great us the work, work "Our too us and for possible it til we becomes ahead someone else—"gettingis task us of that given exactly earth. God—society on of the into God enter can other fellow."the of Nor

possibilities full thethe of out working of beauty the in untrammeled Out tell are they where by now you situation in of that nature andof our catch earth, perhaps, may we a good in really of are ahead you who placed. take are our upwhich we universe, starlit To the In glimpses. such start life's didn't journey. You

as given ussituation and our of work fires of God's see, "signal we may the point, at the nor on same is great."to both makeGod may we But glory."approaching ever of us road. two same No

"Practice in thoughtful selfcontrol have. Each has his own burdens see Him best as our loving Father in

in the midst of the group, leading and and travels his own road. "The the spark of His divinity flaming up

being led towards that which is likerace is not to the swift."feebly and fitfully in human souls. If

able and loveable, is the keynote of true we would see His greatest glory behold social refinement."The indifferent Keep Going! Him working in the hearts of men,

is man,"self for study centered be man proper must awakenedand "The and unkempt a T man SAW is not need perhaps appreciation ourinto the of said wholesome and Pope life's staggering along rough, people, asinterests others. wellbeing to study books of and so much free I and groomed way. Well see day. live fully the every cannot abundant us around those To "We stride easy with passed him by

life which in in meet those isolation, apart fellows from our we something strength. youthful of proud my effectual wonder. interest hereafter. theeither here or and arouses know To well lout! I run drunken "The altitudes of lift theeternal eyes to living that joys Christ of our made up To ill,"life race but of the he and look fellows. for live in togetherpossible character our must To we man

I. learned I no. thought But hearts. their this another. love of serve depths theand one and To into "By o'er late traveled far he'd too

all heroism the disareshall that with acquainted ye men become know my paths. plains parching rocky and inspired if soul. beciples, to love have ye another."the one of To human bore burdens His heavy him fortitude is spiritual privilege stamina and to here the our prove Our by oft'. full scars hiding But down in see difficultiessocial to rank, face assochoose of the we of the kind in

rose bleeding he and wounds and quiet, thatciates shall ourselves hereafter. display to others, have Doubtwe on. struggled not on and Judge in obscureless shall courage there sustained those constant, mingle with we on

as the wounded. and weak worn sees. it level, one places, where or forgotten no low. be Evihighour and own bear that burdens they Perhaps

if joy, feel true if lifedently place for the hermit has would no we Then us. stagger are to would "We love, set must aside in God'sbeen we be shut have Heaven. would we To achievebe judged not our by lessen strive huto forever societyout the neighbors, of love from our God efforts."but our ments by life suffering those and make loved and haveand and who woe Him man

mankindHell—wheremostoneis thatneverstateseesdescribeda nobleas It were worse than Hell to be sole aourgoodlyneighborand smilingget moreone. joyIf weouthelpof

countenance. But even in Hell there habitant of infinitude; one before life the effort will stretch out spaces in

will be companionships. whose undying devastated entity stretch our own souls for happiness.

FAITH illumines; HOPE renews; LOVE inspires. These constitute the true I trinity } the inseparable riders in every full life. Where they reign not, joy is not.

Have You Read It? That Open Forum for April

Check on EnrollmentT TAVE you read that stimulating "QLANS for the open forum or debate *"A article "Give Your Hobby Its TJNDER the heading "The in April should be laid now, if

Head,"published in the "Rotarian"for General Plan"in the back they have not already been laid. PrepFebruary, 1935? If not, we promise of the Senior Lesson book, fourth aration precedes power, and those who

you something to think about and to paragraph are these words: "We are to take part should be lining up

be used in conversation with your suggest that a roll be kept for the their material now.

friends and neighbors. A condensaentire season which will show The manual lists many topics which

tion of the article appeared in the the attendance at manual discusmight be used for open forum discus- "Readers Digest"for January. sion meetings and also the apsions, or the group might be able to

"Stratosphere flights were made in preciation course meetings. We obtain topics from their own environ1934, but what of the aspirations of ask that a report be made to the ment. For instance, on page 106 of

those who remained below? 'In 1935, stake boards comparing the atthe manual there are a number of chalperhaps,'Dr. Millikan writes, 'if we tendance at the two kinds of lenging topics among them this one:

are thoughtful kind honest and and meetings and by them to the "Discuss the proposition that the a little courageous,and ascend General we may Board."

the educational program curtailment of stratosphere toward ourway stake boards Will own and ward illchief signs of social is one of the altitudethe mysterious is of ourselves.'"please see this suggestion that

That is a rich thought, isn't it? You carried out. We should like now health today.

will find many more like it in "The to compile those records to be There are many good topics sugHuman Balance Sheet of '34", an ediused in the magazine and at gested in the manual. Appropriate

torial review in "The Readers Digest"June Conference. ones might be found for any commufor January. nity. If a debate is chosen as the acAll Idahoans will find interest in tivity for April 30, careful prepara-

"The Saga of the Potato,"by Norman What have you read? I just picked tion should precede its presentation.

Taylor, American Mercury for March, up "The Call of the Wild,"by Jack Generally, the debate will be of more 1933, or "The Readers Digest"for London, again. It is a great dog story interest if it is on a serious, vital subJanuary, 1935. for a wintry spring night. ject.

Second Board of Directors—Twentieth

Ward Institute Editor Improvement Era, Salt Lake City, Jan. 24, 1935.

City.

Dear Editors:

T'HE halftone printed on page 46 of the January Era represents what was probably the second board of directors of the Twentieth Ward Institute of Salt Lake City, which was organized on January 20th, 1873, according to their printed certificates of membership, one of which is in my possession.

This photo was evidently taken in 1874, after the annual election of officers, as they do not correspond with those elected in 1873. I have a photo copy of this same group which gives the date as 1872.

If taken then, it was probably.the board of directors of the Twentieth Ward Young Men's Institute,

which was organized earlier, and consisted of males only.

Those pictured in the group, starting at the left and reading up and down to the right are: William

C. Dunbar, Charles W. Stayner, Henry Puzey, Karl G. Maeser, Herbert J. Foulger, James Y. Moffat,

John Nicholson, Reinhard Maeser, Charles R. Savage, George M. Ottinger, John Squires, Jr., George

Reynolds, Joseph R. Sharp and Charles Sansom.

Nearly all of these men attained eminence in after life. The undersigned was more or less well

acquainted with every one in the group, and could say considerable about the achievements of most of them. But I presume this is not the object of your inquiry at this time.

As to your question, "Did their organization help make them great or was it because they were great that they made such an organization?"This much may be said: They were great because they had

the seeds of greatness in them, had at that time accomplished considerable, realized that such an organization would be the means of still further improving themselves and others who would join them, and subsequent progress proved that their surmisings were correct.

If further information is desired regarding these men or this organization, the writer would be glad to furnish same. I forgot to mention the fact that only one of this group survives at the present

time. DAVID R. LYON

/\NE of the main objectives of the "Life,"says Overstreet in his spleninteresting the young men and women > M MenGleaner joint work is to did treatise entitled Enduring Quest, in their classes. Class activities must

bring about a closer social relationship "is what takes place in one. When we be stimulated, for the last three months

between the young men and young listen to a symphony or see a drama, of the year are often the most difficult women of this age. It is to be hoped we are living a life; when we read a as far as M. I. A. is concerned. Now is

that this contact is proving advanpoem which affects us deeply, we are the time to plan parties of different tageous to both groups; that it is havliving."kinds. Candy pulls, hard time affairs,

ing a refining influence among the During the leisure time of the spring reciprocity parties, where the M Men young men and is producing an ease and summer months now not so far act as hosts one month and the Gleanand culture among the young women ahead, would it not be profitable to ers another all help to keep class intact.

where those qualities did not exist bereview the many and beautiful reThe greater number of people actively fore. ligious truths studied during the past engaged in planning and working out

At this particular season of the year, season; not only review them, but enthe affairs the better the spirit will be.

when these groups are meeting in varideavor to interweave them into the Now is the time for class presidents ous social functions, it is urged that warp and woof of our daily life? Thus to check up on the personnel of their

the many splendid lessons which have this course of study will become really group. It is a wise leader who sees that

been taught and discussed in class will valuable in enriching our lives and every member of his class has had an be recalled and put into action. Nothmaking them more abundant. opportunity to participate at some kind

ing enhances the popularity of a young As the days make up the years, so of function or gathering. Just rememactions thoughts and our up make ber that probably or girl, the boy who as his ability the our to play so muchman

the our then, lives. In to come, days is least capable, apparently will, if givenpart of a gentleman adds and nothing

to the charm of a young lady so much let us strive to make our thoughts and a chance, measure up and come forth as the culture and the refinement which actions harmonize with the lessons with the best results. Have you ever

comes as a result of correct social which have been learned during the tried taking inventory of the talents of conduct. past season. every fellow and girl in your group,

card a making index of can each what this to day! Look of growing custom The young

it. It do? will help not Try only it is life, life the very For of life. is attending unescorted danceswomen in planning, you will your to but add lie In its brief varieties course all thevery the deplorable. members Among the interest the loyalty in and of those realities existence; of and your it is these aof responsigroups, your group. Often repeople young

bility of the see to that the bliss of growth; The M surelyMen recite fuse to their accomplishown areGleaners properly to attended both glory action; of The or ments their possibilities mention

is social functions. fromand There no splendor of beauty; The so if night, some time, in have you

truer real a proof of gentleman than friendships; happiness of The one of sessions, joint your take turns

the actions a of in either young is man yesterday a For already dream, and having each stand give a and member theplaying a escort part or of good is a vision tomorrow only brief history the sitting of his to one arranging others. escort proper of lived, today, well But every makes right. will There a lot of be hilarious

It is very evident all over the Church yesterday fun to say nothing of the valuable inthat the M MenGleaner Joint Work A dream of happiness, and every toformation which will come from such vision of a hope. resultedhas finer morrow in culture a among evening. an Just that a good remember

well, therefore, this to day! Look people.our Boisterous young unand leader aggresremains is not one who is the Salutation Such of inseemly conduct Dawn! has groups mixed

sive enthusiastic are things and when is Itbeen to refinement. tempered by the—Sanskrit.

3|C 9)( is at well, 3je $ everything going and $ $ when social that in everybe hoped function held this winter, these thoughts will CPRING is in the air, and Mutual topnotch spirit, but he is on the alert be kept in mind and the great objective classes often suffer because of it. to find new methods and new ways of

for which we are working will be Gleaner and M Men presidents are put keeping his group one hundred per achieved. to the very test of their leadership in cent in attendance when interest wanes.

M*MenGleaner Notes A S the close of another study year "in the M Men Gleaner Department approaches, it is quite natural for one to look back over the past months and evaluate the teachings received, and the lessons learned. That

Dr. Lowell Bennion presented in his

manual, "What About Religion,"a very valuable course of study, is acknowledged by all. Its real value,

however, will be determined as the truths it taught find their way into the lives of those who studied it. Abstract principles, beautiful though they

may be, are worthless unless applied in human behavior. M-MEN—GLEANER BANQUET MILLARD STAKE—1934

.

Division Chairmen dressinging floor.roomFurtherand toparticularsget on thewillplaybe tovocablyby thateligibletime willfor thebe declareddurationirreof

Dear Brother: given you at the time of registration. the tournament.

for tickets of is your allotment This the for all Church time"THE will a double be tournament This M Men yourplease govern the tournament, is approaching finals * basketball will elimination team tourney—each self accordingly. desirous of knowing very are lost untiland play they games. have we two

that you have all the information at 5. Teams coming from distant However, one loss will put a team out

hand, forms, etc., for reporting. Will places, arriving before Wednesday, of the championship bracket; but will

you kindly consider at once the folMarch 6, please report to 50 North continue playing until they have lost lowing items: Main Street, where we will cooperate two games.

1 Note inclosed blanks for eligibilin providing accommodations for you. Every precaution should be taken to

ity data concerning your winning team Also, we will cooperate in obtaining insure safe and comfortable travel to which will represent you at the All privileges for brief periods of practice and from the tournament.

Church Finals in Salt Lake City. Be on the Deseret Gymnasium floor.

A. Kirkham, Oscar prospace therein fill in every tosure

Secretary. Executive especially sweater numbersvided, of tournament,6. Each player,togetherparticipatingwith the incoachthe

each player and dates of attendance at of each team will receive a participa- 1, 8th and as I. A., December suchM. the tion provided medal by General St. Johns M Men attheir etc., dates of the as 15th, of the Board. winning members The

tendance at Mutual. Doctor's certifiteams will receive gold basketballs. Are Travelers

cates for each man mast be attached to Members of the second place team for St. Johnsthis blank when filled in. will receive silver basketballs. The T'HIS M Man team

2. By return mail please inform us Deseret News has provided a plaque Ward, St. Johns Stake, Arizona,

of the dates of your finals in your difor the firstplace team and one for the represented District 12 in the 1934vision. As has already been announced secondplace team. M Man basketball tournament, and is

this a year. Alshowing good making at 6 willthe begin March tournament

eligibility concerning data The traveled they though had over 1,200 Deseret the at Gymnasium, 1:30 p. m.

participating in the every team Tourmiles in the season during order 1934 will continueSalt on and City Lake

I. at available will the be A. nament M. their to in including games, play one 9th. See newspapers 7th, 8th,the and

Office, Street, for ex50 North Main arthey were weary and Mesa when will play. the that exact timefor you

inspection every for and amination in rived the Salt for tournaCity Lake will made. be other announcementsNo desiring. objections so to person Any a they ment, made showing. good the to arrival ReadingReport your on

eligibility the player of be any must year, their to according coach, This Deseret the not of Gymnasiumroom filed with Warner, C. North 50 Homer is St. Richie, the team Johns Guylater the of 6th than on 12 noon

March. Main Street not later than 5:00 p. m. carrying on last year's tradition in

March 5 th. All players not objected fine style. 3. Arrangements will be provided

for the entertainment of your team-—

Eight Men—for hotel and allowance

for meals during the period that they are participating in the tournament.

When a team has been eliminated, hotel for that evening and breakfast the next morning will be taken care of by the

General Board. After that, participants will be on their own expense if

they care to remain in the city.

No division may be represented until every team in the division has paid the $2.00 fee set out on page 185 of

the M Men Handbook and Guide for 193435. In many instances these

fees are now overdue. If you have

not already paid please remit at once.

Eight men only will be allowed to participate on each team. The coach,

manager and other persons accompanying the team will be on their own expense. 4. When you register at the Reading room of the Deseret Gymnasium,

March 6 at 12:00 noon, you will

receive twenty passes for each team which must take care of all the passes in your division. Each member on M MEN BASKETBALL TEAM, ST. JOHNS WARD, ST. JOHNS STAKE, ARIZONA

the squad must have and present one TopBottomrow,rowleftlefttoto right:right: RobertNate Overson,Maybin,guard;guard;RossGuyOverson,Richie,forward;coach; EdwardJay Waite,Waite,forward;center, EarlElmo Jarvis,Lee, forward;guard;

of these passes both to get in the Stanley Richie guard.

vh&O*

TN the last M. I. A. Leader a request there, a theatre party at the Pasadena of flowers are Gleaners of the Branch

was made for a report on Gleaner Community Playhouse, a visit to the in Vienna, Austria.

Activities, and they are beginning to largest orchid nursery in the world, doctors, and us. into are among two talks bycome Heading Course the outstanding events enjoyed so far Stake reports the Manual is Union

being thoroughly enjoyed by all this year. They also expressed a keen ""FO make headway in any project we

Gleaner Groups. The making of a interest in this year's course of study. must first plan our work, and then

Stake Treasures of Truth Book is The Stake Gleaner Leader of North work our plan. Have you a method

stimulating interest in individual Sanpete Stake summarizes a report of for putting over the reading course?

books. Scripture readings and short a Stake Gleaner party by saying: "This A plan we recently discovered in Cantalks on the New Testament on preparty was one of the loveliest, finest non Ward, of Pioneer Stake is accomliminary programs are motivating the arranged and most cultural affairs held plishing the desired results. Their

Reading Course. They are fostering in our Stake for a long time. We efforts are directed to the New Testatwo Stake Projects: A Gleaner pin have a group of lovely girls and we ment mainly. At the beginning of the

for every girl, and the writing of a are so proud of their ability and season the Gleaner Leader went through

Gleaner Song. The following was efforts."the New Testament to see how much

adopted as the Stake Song for this year. The following song comes from a reading would have to be done each

It is sung to the chorus of "A Shanty Gleaner group in Ogden. The words month to finish by the close of Mutual.

in Old Shanty Town."have been set to the tune, "Battle Hymn Two or three girls are assigned each

of the Republic."week to report the following week on

She's only a Gleaner in our M. I. A. some incident that particularly interestHer smile is so sweet and she's always Our Gleaner Girls ed them. Then the Leader gives an

so gay. incident in future chapters to invite

In an hour of need she sows a kind What figures those in yonder field incontinued reading. Many of the group

seed, tently bending low? are so absorbed that they are way ahead

Like an angel from heaven she is O'er rugged hills and stubble fields of schedule.

helping you on. they wander to and fro; In the 26th Ward of the same stake,

Of all situations she's always a queen, Here a straw and there a straw of they are featuring "Heroines of ServIt's her spirit of glory that makes her knowledge and of truth, ice"at the present time. One Gleaner

so keen. They gather as they go. has been chosen to supervise the readThere is always a smile from a Gleaner ing course, and each week she assigns

so fair, They're a group of happy Gleaners, a girl to tell briefly interesting facts in

She's a Gleaner in our M. I. A. Doers they, not idle dreamers; the life of one of the women in that

Higher, higher rise their standards collection.

She's only a Gleaner in our M. I. A. As gleaming they march on.

A foundation for life she is striving to lay. In fields where reapers have gone on

are, the the books thatOf she knows before grain, gathered and Communityflctivity best by far, old, Like Girls of Gleaner our Ruth (Continued from page 170) scriptures studies to learn She the their forth share claim; go to how to live. In every field of life they go, perfection ]—Hg{

In all situations she's always at ease, is their aim, your experience nor your point of view

She knows how to serve in a way As gleaning they march on. can be the same as mine. Intolerance

that will please. is nearly always based on lack of unThere is always good cheer from a Glorious, glorious days of gleaning, derstanding. The socalled scientists

Gleaner so dear, Days of youth when life is teeming; of Pasteur's day would not have made

She's a Gleaner in our M. I. A. Days when heaven is revealing, his life so miserable had they underOur Gleaner Girls march on. (Continued on page 191)

From Monrovia, California, comes news of their special activities. A They're storing up the knowledge, casttrip to the Huntington Park Library, ing out the thorns and chaff,

to see the splendid exhibition of art Looking forth to life eternal, walking in the narrow path.

Where purity and virtue and ambition lead the way, Our Gleaner Girls march on.

Gleaning, gleaning, ever gleaning,

With heavenly love their faces beaming;

Earth's temptations boldly shunning

Our Gleaner Girls lead on.

Dancing is a favorite activity in the

Mission. German folk group in The cJEk && Jfare dance costume Gleaners the of

DANCE OF THE "DANUBE WALTZ,"VIENNA Moabit Branch, Berlin, Germany. The GLEANER FOLK DANCE, MOABIT BRANCH,

AUSTRIA group in white costumes with coronets BERLIN, GERMANY religion,"of to a knowledge is, do it in an members contaminated—that

theScouting Vocational beaseptic with bespeaking L. D. S. manner. harmony

By George Bergstrom, Scout Executive, 6. Show how to support by splints, ideal.

San Fernando Valley Council etc., a broken arm or a broken leg so 438,098 boys are enrolled in Scout

(Especially recommended for tion. Today five registered troops, seven in

Vanguard Toops.) 7. Explain what to do for the bite preparation for registration, 117 boys

is a a a the snake, of groups, dog, the contacted venomous dozen mad by necesthe has become importantCO sting. a British scorpion picture present mosquito, "Scouting of and

all kinds for sity prepared being of rescue individ- 8. to in S. an L. the Church."D. Show how

traffic they be emergencies,of whether electric It wire. contact in ual conwill that seen Scouting from with an be

floodsaccidents, calamities caused by is 9. that S. satisfactory evidence the L. junction Produce with D. Church

that storms, drownings, panicsor or its Britain. the in in every taken infancy has advantage of he opBut

instituted has the National Council is practice actual this to into that reader portunity put remember must

First courses intensified of Aidlengthy firstaid his Britain, the the of during knowledge of Movement. work home idea direct thefor Scoutmasters, with

is six least since at alive a period that the to the of need months and Church fine leaders these in that would mind its First citizenship Class Scout. of a becoming members, good among

disthe take and information back suitable therefore, fast as that as and it boys. theseminate among will halls appear, leaders Scouting and S. in Scouting L. D. lives saved been have of Thousands

is receive attention the that vigorous fifteen old year because or twelve some Britain its due.

first aid. Eagle lad his The knew the in Unquestionably, Scouting Elder G. SuperDurham, By Homer is passing to in addition required,Scout

in British the future a has Church intendent British Mission trianroller tests in the and elementary 1 Isles. the British MisJanuary, 933, Y. A. M. M. L first aid renderinggular bandages and

I. sion organBoard A. was Y. M. M. ideals the freedom, of with in hemorrhages, cases of drowning, ALONG ized. Assistant SuperinSecond The "fire panics, fair prevention, fainting, shock, play, government, good and

I. the of tendent Mission A. Y. M. M.

bites, electric fractures accidents, for to Britain the snake has thank world task, his chief for has the development emergencies, kinds other Scouting. ofand many in the of Scouting Mission 80

reFirst a a idea the pass following great held Aidmust 1907, with man This H. Lewis man—Elder at aquirements: lads with humble few camp enthusiastic Scoutmaster, the Branches.Tarr—is First for obtain a Island. a Merit Badge Brownsea and 1934, two To a of nominated England Church by must: Aid, their quarter Scout millions a of with boys decurate seconded another and by

1. to apparTell an leaders with to that what look do spot Badenand to clergyman, nominational "Bathead person, demonstrate as ently and Gilwell of drowned Powell harmonizing

tersea has S."D. Troop He 33—L. artificial pressure of the forces for prone method world's the good. Being several a President been for Branch

respiration. Britain, established the in permanently

years, the viewpoint, Church knows to 2. to bandages apply S. Scouting, of the L. how Show D. Church home

it is great the in studying applying and ankle, is hand. the head, and in a a glorious face position to future

angle. every of Scouting from game

to tourniquet 3. a apply as in reaching aid yet "undiscoverShow how an to In brother come, days when

arterial at to hemorrhage stop any age. of ed"Scout boys

point: In Scouting and Leisure, a recent American Scouts come to this green

(a) On the upper extremity bepublication, the Chief Scout says: and pleasant land in the garb of travellow armpit. "How to prepare our future men and ing missionaries, stand in the heart of

(b) On lower extremity below employ their enforced leisure happily Imperial Headquarters at 25 Bucking- 1.. hip joint. for themselves and usefully for the naham Palace Road, London, S. W.

4. Demonstrate how to arrest tion is a problem which is being tackled and before the floodlit portrait of the

venous hemorrhage on any part of by many."Whether to interpret signs Chief in the dim library, thrill as I and

the body. of the times as incubus or opportunity others have thrilled, they may so do

5. Show how to apply a gauze is a grave problem, to which Scouting with deeper cause. Their brother

holds a key. Britons of the Church will be "carryThe challenge is not new to the ing on"in the spirit of Brownsea

L. D. S. Church with its program Island. Wembley Park, Birkenhead. of spiritualized recreation and leisureGodollo—and June Conference.

time guidance. With empty parish

benches and long lines in front of the cheap picturehouses (Great Yarmouth, a typical small English city, has enough cinemas to accommodate—Housesthe entire populacefull!), leadersthree oftimesthe Churcha week

in Britain with other thinkers realize the next generation's necessity for knowing somewhat of its "duty to

God"and the associated truths of human conduct. In Scouting For Boys,

Lord BadenPowell comments: "..

L. D. S. SCOUTS, HULL, ENGLAND an organization of this kind would fail BUCKINGHAM PALACE, LONDON, NEAR IMPERIAL

dressing to a wound so that it will not in its object if it did not bring its HEADQUARTERS BOY SCOUTS ASSOCIATION.

very Girls are so much followed somewhat alive 2. slavishly. This theme for the discusbeJUNIOR Topic—The

implication is not intended. ingenuthe taxes sion for the evening. The that it sometimes

teacher will depart her plan in good from attentionity to purpose of Leaders hold their is my 3. Purpose—What

either interests the needs or of when to the lesson lesson. to bein giving this particular a presenting Hoping

of service in this line the Junior Comgirls. What changes do I want to her pupils indicate that a departure

mittee are submitting the following make in their thinking and conduct should be made. Student questions

article written by Hazel Brockbank of through giving this lesson. frequently direct the class discussion

the General Board: 4. Initiation or introduction to the along lines not anticipated by the

theme for the evening. teacher. If the questions are intelliHow can I set the stage so the girls gent, and if they are pertinent to the

The Planning of Teaching will be ready for the materials I general topic, the teacher should not

I. The importance of planning in shall present or the activities they hesitate to allow the discussion to deteaching. Somewhat detailed planning will engage in? velop along the lines of the student's

is generally recognized as a prerequisite 1. Pictures. interests. Of course she should guide

for efficient performance of a task as 2. Poems. the discussion, and when the questions

complex as that of the teacher's. The 3. Stories. are not sensible, or when it appears

need for planning teaching is especially 4. Anecdotes. that they are being asked to lead the

urgent because the teacher is working 5. Experiences. discussion away from the assignment,

with living materials, and the time she 6. Models, etc. she should insist that the class return

spends with a class is limited to a few 5. Activities. to the planned topic.

minutes per day. It is seldom that an A. Teacher. V. Method. There are probably

experienced teacher can afford to go beWhat shall my contribution be? no best methods of teaching. The

fore her class without some definite 1. Reading a poem. merit of a given instructional procedplans for the work of the period. 2. Telling experience. ure as applied by a particular teacher

Somewhat detailed plans are necessary 3. Presenting the big problem appears to depend upon her attitudefor the inexperienced teacher. Usually for discussion—-minor probtoward it. If she believes that it is a

the planning that a teacher does should lems. good procedure, and if she carries it

be reduced to writing. A written plan B. Student Activity. out with enthusiasm, her teaching will

can be referred to for guidance during 1 Collecting pictures, poems, be highly effective. If she does not

the class period and when the advanced stories. like the method, it probably will not

work is being planned. Moreover, the 2. Making scrapbooks. be a good one for her. Since interest

very act of writing out her plan leads 3. Presenting their contribuin the performance of an activity is

the teacher to give more thought to the tions. likely to be stimulated by variation, a

planning. 4. Dramatizing a phase of the teacher should vary her procedures.

II. What a lesson plan should inlesson. The teacher who does not vary her

clude. Writers on methods of teach- 5. Discussing problems. procedures is in danger of deteriorating have recommended a number of 6. Summary and assignments. ing. Teaching is a thinking occupadifferent forms for lesson plans. The III. Relation of lesson planning to tion, not a routine one.

form is not a matter of great impor- a manual. Most manuals have been

tance, and it will vary somewhat with carefully prepared as instructional Junior Festival the general plan of instruction. tools. The manual is explicitly diPocatello Stake

into "lessons". vided planning The lesson the teacher In planning a is enclosed reading self almost THE

is eflessons of simplified, greatly but clearly thatshould in the keep mind explanatory of the play shadow ficient teaching will attained, seldom bestudent learns her only through own which girls given was the by Junior little at least teachers exof by or noactivity, teacher's that the function and of stake. our part scene or Each was perience, the attention to without someis to stimulate aclearning appropriate acted in out pantomime, immediately

activities class the of planning the oftivities to direct and encourage and following the reading the of same by period. the the of content of Much activities.those for Procedures stimu- a girl Junior stage. stood the near who

is material only manual which onlating pupil purposes exlearning and Appropriate music rendered was learning exercises based. be Conmayercises are important. more during each scene.

sequently, learning appropriate exeris the Because lesson of plans form Scene Story: I—My cises devised. be must to thechanging meet educationnewer girl (dressed in old fash- A Junior IV. a plan. Following preparedal procedures, single lesson of no form ioned and bonnet) gown the makes the planning emphasis of This upon offered typical. as beplan can Furthersheet, shadow behind the and apis teaching to that imply a plan might in actual a practicemore, finds one proaches a garden or roses. bed of

great variety of lesson plans used by She gathers and arranges them in a skilful teachers. The teacher may use nearby basket. During this picture the

a bound notebook, jotting down the Junior girls chorus sings "Junior plans for the day on the lefthand page Roses."

recording theand on righthand page kene II—Lands My Parents yetthe things to be accomplished From: or Came

any other memoranda that may seem This scene begins the Junior girls recording.worth a teachIn this way is Story,"pictured and very "My mucher keeps a weekly record of both plans as the reading. babies their and The

assignments.and dolls; age, the school with jumping

The following headings may sugrope and balls; helping mother, and1. Subject—The name of general subJUNIOR GIRLS on to graduation.

ject. ELYSIAN PARK WARD (Continued on page 179)

The Boy y His Nature II. ActsAnger.involving the Emotion of grateddamentalprogramcharacteristicsof prevention,of whichthe funwill

and His Needs A. Bodily violence to persons. be based upon boy nature and needs.

By Philo T. Farnsworth B. Angry reactions without violence. Bibliography

No. VII. This Thing C. Violence to property.

Called Delinquency III. involving Acts acquisitiveness. Girls1. Beeley,of Salt ArthurLake City,"L.: "BoysSalt Lakeand

Editor's Comment: This is the A. Stealing, burglary, begging, City, U. of U., Dept. of Sociology and

seventh of a series of articles. swindling and forging. Social Technology.

2. Blanchard, Phyllis: "The ChildJUVENILE Delinquency is one of the IV. Actslust."involving the "Wander

Society,"and Longmans, York, New J topics favorite for propagandists and A. Truancy. Green Co. socalled professional reformers and B. Running from home. away 3. Burt, Cyril: De- "The Young are the written beingvolumes about grief. involving V. Acts linquent,"University London, of Lonstill resubject. fact the However, suicide. A. Attempted Press, Ltd. don that the extent notmains do we know (persist- B. suicide Threats of

of delinquency in this state or nation. ent). 4. Clueck, Sheldon and Eleanor B.

Our statistics are incomplete and the VI. Acts involving secretiveness. Clueck: "500 Criminal Careers,"New

Knopf. York, Alfred A. of the seriousnessmeasure and the menin all forms. A. Lying

5. Goddard, Henry H.: "Juvenile can hardly ace of delinquency be detercausal factors leading to the The

mined nor can we say whether it is commission of any of the above acts are Delinquency,"New York, Dodd, Mead appreciably increasing or decreasing not easily ascertained. It should be and Co.

among our young people. emphasized that the causes of misbe- 6. Harshorne, Hugh and Mark A.

It is only fair to say that it is one of havior and delinquency are numerous, May: "Studies in Deceit,"New York,

our major problems and that some over deep and interlocking and it is difficult The Macmillan Company.

200,000 cases are referred each year to to generalize upon their nature. 7. O'Shea, M. V: "The Child,

the courts of our nation. Of this numEach case must be individualized His Nature and His Needs,"Valparber upwards of 3,000 are handled in and studied on its own conditions and aiso, Indiana. The Children's FoundaUtah. We know that this number is peculiarities. Care and forethought tion, Chapter XII.

but a fraction of all apprehended demust go into the planning. 8. White House Conference Report:

linquency but until our records are Individual case study is the only "The Delinquent Child,"New York, more uniform and complete our comaccepted method of approach and diagThe Century Company. (This book

parisons may be odious and unfair. nosis of delinquency. Any treatment has a bibliography of 384 books.)

Conditions are of such a nature, howprescribed must be determined upon a ever, leader that every of the child's thorough understanding of boys should Heman Ward Scores 100%feel a to urge double delinfactors full nature prevent and all those which quency and to foster positive, construcenter into the delinquency. TJEMAN WARD of Yellowstone

tive activities. As basic principles in the treatment Stake, Teton Peaks Council, reFrom the foundational materials of delinquency the following may be ports every boy and young man of

presented in earlier chapters let us now stated: Scout age registered in Troop No. 69

attempt a statement of the nature of 1. That treatment involves comwith the National Council B. S. A.

this thing called delinquency. plete understanding of the nature of the and every leader a trained man. Scout

individual child factors the leading and Executive Harrald points S. Alvord in Delinquency debe youth may to the of the delinquent commission up this pride to with outstanding

fined as acts in nonconformity of beact. plishment. Congratulations Heman—accomsocially practice.havior accepted with 2. the adults That surround who the Keep up work! good

It is as as the history old the race of and the child their accept responsimust has been given varying degrees of imbility to weave into him the socially acportance by different peoples. Again ceptable drives, each of which must be

delinquency may be denned as the antiunderstood.

social or socially inadequate behavior 3. Let it be recognized that only in

of children as they acquire the experiexample of sincere living can a child ence of the race and move in a social find the dynamic impulse to develop order. his own standards of life.

Delinquent acts are the symptoms of 4. There must needs be cooperative

deeper stresses and difficulties arising out endeavor on the part of all who have of the interaction of the individual to do with the child so that a consistwith his social environment. ent program which recognizes his funTROOP 69—HEMAN WARD. YELLOWSTONE STAKE

TETON COUNCIL PEAKS needs and plans for meeting classification dedamental rough of A rather left to right: row, Ira Davenport, Front from those needs. actslinquent classimodified from the Wardell, Troop Severe, Carl committeemen Tom Quayle;J. F.

fication given in Burt's, "The Young 5. No child should be institutionalScoutmaster, G. 0. Neilson, Asst. Scoutmaster, Elmo

Delinquent"follows: ized merely because no other solution Davenport.Second row, from left to right: Lenold Davidson,

available. to seems be Hunter, Lynn Cruser, Wendell Hunter, Harvin Jay I. Sex. Acts involving McFarland, Rulon Powell, Erickson, Robert Wayne lies for the future hope Our the in Josephson, Hunter. Dale Offenses A. with Opposite Sex.

efforts left row, concerted all Third from right: to Calvin Davenport, of deal with who

Mason, Cyril Davenport, Merrill Perversions. B. Matt McMinn, the youth. home, school The and WestonCrusef, Blaine Wardell, Josephson, Clyde Davidson Ray

C. in Obscenity. church intemust join a correlated, Duffen Severe.

Our Twentieth Anniversary sary Week a fitting and memorable One of the other members supervises

Week occasionBirthday. in Wecelebratingare also ourplanningTwentietha fine symbolism.the handwork,Sheincludinghas workedthe workout sugon

TN the February Era we announced celebration at June Conference, the degestive ways of using symbols and has this year as our Twentieth Beetails of which will be announced later. given to the ward patterns of many

Hive Birthday and stated that we We hope you will not forget the symbols. Ideas for Christmas presents

would have further suggestions for a very fine courtesy that has been exwere worked out and patterns sent to tended us the wards. Era Improvement superby The The other memberfine celebration. that suggest We now

Staff, vises in giving of space the activity us additional correlating work, theall over BeeKeepers the Church and BeeHive girls join in a grand the May issue. Let us have your stogames with the guides for each group,

celebration for one week, which we ries, poems, pictures, sketches, etc., at each month and working out plans to

inclusive. 6th to 13thshallWeek"—Maycall our "Twentieth Anniversary once. (For details see Feb. Era.) help the girls fill Structural Cells dursuggestions for My Kitchen ingTherethe BeeHivehas been hour.splendid cooperationWe have the following

the between the of members committee.things to will do perhaps and you Girls are BeeHive of today more one independent works member of No others: ofthink girls fortunate the the of than were the others. not has been work The 1. all Start the taking of week by is past generation, for homemaking too for heavy any one and member we girls to Fast meetingyour and having art. as being recognized an feel far have been successful we moreas testipossible their as bear many Girls will BeeHive be very busy than three tried or when carry to twomony. this all in phases of month homemak- all the work. Sorenson, KathNaoma 2. I. officers the to Ask A. M. ing. first to the claim of her One Geurts, ryn Johnson, Anna Mary girl thepermit BeeHive to a give is attention that of cooking. Many Peterson, Alice Lloyd.special or the pronumber two on world renouned pride themwomen

gram Sunday evening, also to act as selves an their cooking. It is well at

ushers. not BeeHive have Can we first to be content substansimple with Girls uniorgirls, their in uniforms, act as ushers tial things, as such egg a poached on (Continued from Qage 177)at all of the meetings, entertainments, toast, fluffy potatoes, well mashed and

shows, etc., throughout the week? made bread. 3. Encourage every BeeHive girl to Sewing, such as, the hem of a tableScene III—Missionaries in my Family:

do a good turn daily during Annivercloth and napkins, a well made button Missionaries enter in twos, carrying sary Week. hole, a gingham dress and perfectly books. A street meeting was also

4. Give a public display of BeeHive mended hose claim her attention. Along acted out.Handwork and Honey Combs. with the linen, she learns to set a table Scene IV—My Journeys:

5. Secure cooperation with the mancorrectly, for what is the use of having Girls act out a scene pertaining to the

agement of stores in having demonstrafine linen if one does not know how to country which was to be represented.

—handcraft,tions of BeeHivecooking,work incamping,the windowsfirst prepareappetizingandmeal.serve a well balanced and gardenFor withHollanda Dutchthey girlshowedand a ahumantulip

aid, etc. Remember always to safeThe care of young children and bawindmill.

guard the modesty of the girls. bies is also required in the BeeHive For Spain a balcony scene and dance

6. Give a matinee dance with the program. BeeHive Girls demand a was used, etc.Boy Scouts. study of eugenics. In her hive of Scene V—My Friends:

7. Conduct a oneday hike or outlife she plans every little compartment The girl appears bidding goodbye

ing of some kind. thoughtfully with essential things not to her friends, she then appears taking

8. Have every BeeHive girl fill a to be forgotten. She includes all that is snapshots or pictures of scenery, etc. cell or earn an Honor Badge in some ical, mental and spiritual. Her two Scene VI—My Hobbies:

field in which she has a special interfriends are "I Can"and "I Will."Here the girls held a birthday party,

est. with cake and candles lighted, etc.

to 9. Cross: as climax, perhaps a grand And VII—Plains From the Field Scene

brings a Hobbies of girls all group the theend of the with week Day

Swarm. We do recommend where \ ft 7HEN the announcement was made properly dressed for different occasions,

possible that the Stakes plan on holdthat the twelveyear-old girls tennis, swimming, hike, bicycle riding, ing their Day of the Swarm sometime were to become BeeHive girls, it was and then a scene of sewing, reading, etc.during Anniversary Week, building suggested that the Stake BeeHive Scene VIII—My Privileges Under

their program around the Birthday Committee of Salt Lake Stake be inthe Covenant:

Celebration. (For Swarm Day exercreased to five members. Since BeeGirls show some of the activities in

cises see page 172 BeeKeepers'HandHive work includes lesson work, acJunior girls lives carried on in an imbook.) tivity and handwork, we decided we proper way, and then the same things

Plans should be made immediately needed this many in order properly to were pictured in the correct way.by Stake and Ward BeeKeepers for supervise the work and give the ward Scene IX—Baptism for Departed

celebrating Anniversary Week. The BeeKeepers the help they needed. Kindred:

Stake BeeKeepers should plan to The committee was increased and A silhouette of the Salt Lake Temple feature whatever they wish to do as the work has been carried on successamong trees and shrubbery was flashed a Stake and the Ward BeeKeepers fully under this plan. It has provided on the sheet while the music of "O

should make their plans for celebrasupervisors to handle the lesson work My Father"was rendered.

tion in the Ward and by each individin each of the three groups. These Following the shadow play the

ual girl in their Swarm. Let us all leaders also give suggestions for mamothers and daughters mixed in a

cooperate together to make Anniverterial to be put in the Honey Comb. social evening together.

NEW180 YORK HOBBY SHOW By FRED G. TAYLOR, JR.

District M. I.THEA. heldNew itsYorkfirst Hobby Show

in the Good Citizenship Hall at Flushing, Long Island, during

November. In every way it was

a great success.

Saturday afternoon and evening were chosen as an appropriate time.

People came and went all through the afternoon and evening. Two HOBBY SHOW, NEW YORK DISTRICT, NOW NEW YORK STAKE 1934.

hundred and fifty were present at one time. P)R. CARL CHRISTENSEN'S The Book Corner presented

At first it was feared that busy copies of the first, second and literature as a leisuretime interest.

New Yorkers had no time for hobthird editions of the Book of MorThe exhibit was divided into two bies, but a clever and thorough admon were discovered; Perry Driggs'sections to represent both apprevertising campaign, under the dishort wave radio broadcasting staciative and creative phases.

rection of David Paine and Eva tion W2EVV was set up; Gardell For those interested in reading

Forsberg Haglund, of the M. I. A. Christensen of the American as a hobby, there was a display of

Presidency and their District Museum of Natural History, new books by contemporary writBoards, brought out almost a hunbrought excellent samples of his ers of various countries. These

dred enthusiastic exhibitors from sculpture and wood carving; Dr. books were obtained through the

Manhattan, Brooklyn, Westchester De Alton Partridge, of Scout Headcourtesy of the Queensboro LiCounty, Queens, and New Jersey, quarters, was present with a splenbraries and covered the fields of fact who welcomed this new oppordid Snap Shot and Leather Craft and fiction.

tunity for a different kind of exDisplay; Anthony Abruzzo, who Representative of those for

pression and participation. is not even a member, gladly whom creative literature might in

There were arts, skills, pets, brought an aquarium of rare trop- a sense be termed a hobby, there games, sports, models, crafts, puzical fishes; William Wessel's colwas a collection of writings from

zles, magic, nature, fishing, huntlection of fluorescent rock, set up in members of the N. Y. District.

ing, collections, recreation, marks- a dark room back stage, was amazThe novel, educational and scienmanship, church history, domestic ing to many who had never dreamtific treatise, economics, legal briefs, arts, photography, radio and ed of such rare color and luminpoetry, and articles on summer genealogical displays among the osity. camping, constituted these writsurprising and varied exhibits. A display of "seeds from seedings.

William C. Wessel, official of the less grapefruit"was credited to Those who contributed to this

National Boy Scout Headquarters, Claude C. Cornwall, former field section were: Dr. Howard R.

an earnest M. I. A. worker, directed secretary of the M. I. A., and a Driggs, Dr. Harvey Fletcher, atthe show; Will Woolf and his boys collection of old razor blades to torney Ernest L. Wilkinson, Dr.

presented a homemade one act President David Paine, who when Francis Kirkham, Dr. De Alton

comedy entitled, Hobbies, written asked, "What do you do with Partridge, Dr. Thatcher C. Jones,

especially for the occasion; and the them,"admitted, "I shave with Leone Rose, Beth S. Driggs, Roscoe

Queens County Relief Society them!"One clever announcement Grover, William C. Wessel, Dr.

served a buffet supper to enthusiadvised, "Hobble your Hubby Carl J. Christensen, Clarence L.

astic spectators, exhibitors and with a Hobby!"Stephens, Elva Moss Wessel, Alhobbyists. berta H. Christensen, Dr. Harold

Group leaders, on personally W. Bentley, William Edwards,

conducted tours of the hall, interHobby Mrs. Elsie C. Carroll, and Dr. H.

viewed various exhibitors for the LJOBBY: hobin, hoby, variant Wayne Driggs.

benefit success the of experience crowds, bringing out and of the The for farmer's name Robin—A

skill,evidence great of District the thorough with York New Hobby horse. small, ambling Archaic—a

itresearch surprising places as a feature discovery well and up Show a horse; 3, nag; 2. a hobbyhorse;

on the part of well informed hobby a favorite pursuit, plaything or with the Annual Institute, the Conenthusiasts in such fields as cartoontopic of conversation aside from tests, and the Green and Gold Ball.

ing, puppetry, weatherlore, astronone's chief occupation or business; It was a happy suggestion from the

omy, photography, travel, phione's particular, favorite pastime."General Board, and we hope to

lately and church history. make it an annual affair.

T A THAT could fill a boy's For the wings and every part \/ \# heart with true joy more that has to be shaped the shaved is sevinto water dipped bamboo satisfaction the of than Winds of into gently eral times worked and difkite so wonderfullymaking a ferent that he would feel compelled the desired form.

to sail it as close to nature as posIn the diagram I have copied thesible? How much greater would Sprin measurements from the glider in

be the thrill than to sail a common the picture. The bamboo center

five or ten cent kite from the back By eighteen inches long, is over twice yard. as wide and thick as the rest of

Last summer while nature was Jace E. Johnson the bamboo frame, which is only

still at its best, I took a group of oneeighth inch wide and shaved boys on an outing to the ranch of very thin. The two little bamboo

Henry Jensen. From the Jensen left holding a glider frame and the stickups at the bottom are just as

family we received the hospitality first little fellow sitting holding a fragile as can be made and are that only converts from New Zeaglider after it has been covered with slightly curled at the ends, by dipland could bestow. crepe paper. It would help if the ping in water and curling with the

Mr. Jensen had several Filiboys would draw a diagram of the fingers.

pino boys laboring in his beet fields diagram shows The K—forand it was while there that Johnnie knots. scout These are boyAamago, Pedro Costello and Rutied after the frame is securelyknots

pleasof these Dolyon, threemuns or twine. cord with Tiny. bound

ant, friends darkskinned came and tiny niches are cut in both frames spent hours on end in the shady before tying.

grove, teaching us the art of making bamboo kites as they do in the To cover kites, first lay desired

Philippine Islands. color of crepe paper down flat on

To boys who are really intertable, then place glider frame on ested and want to make bamboo top. Weight down one side of

kites I would suggest that they glider with knives, then proceed gather in groups. This would ento cut paper around in exact

able them to divide expenses and glider frame as the picture shows, shape of frame. Leave a border of

help each other. or use the one I have drawn. Gliders onehalf inch or less to turn back

paste neatly and very on Here are the wrong necessities in making kites can, of course, be and airplane side. at cut too far kites: once,Philippine Do not color, once the or any size made

paste go. and one as you Ambition, a true purpose, When sunny boys are adapted to working with

side is securely pasted, neatlydisposition, and patience, a bamboo the bamboo.fishing pole, good sharp knives for move weights and do other side in

whittling, a large ball of heavy A FTER the bamboo has been split same way.

twisted twine, at least two colors of and measured it is held firmly The small squares of paper on bright colored crepe paper, homebetween the fingers of the left hand wrong side are of different colored made paste of flour and water boiland scraped and shaved with a paper and are useful to hold string ed, water in pan or tub, large work sharp knife held in the other. This and frame to paper on right side.

table, scissors and weights (knives is the most difficult task of all and When the glider has been commake very good weights), small requires much time. The Philippletely covered with crepe paper,

piece of light wood to carve propine boys can whittle their bamboo turn it over and where the two cirpeller and small piece of tin to cut until it isn't much thicker than cles are in the diagram punch small wheels for airplane. paper. holes and tie heavy, twisted twine

list, Yes, ambition or heads the thirteen for cord about inches long.

tie isconstructing kite these a Philippine Then two together no FILIPINOA GENUINEAND AMERICANBROTHERHOODSCOUTS and small job. fasten them to

I suggest that the ball of twine beginners make a ready to unroll as glider before atkite sails.

tempting an airHow well I replane kite. This member the first

will really teach time I saw a huge them how to work double winged airwith the materials. plane kite flying. A

To make any real phenomenon, Philippine kite the two miles skybamboo pole must ward. At first one

first be split and might have misshaved. For gliders taken it for a real

it can be cut inplane. But no real

to before splitting. plane could be so

The picture shows beautiful or have the first boy on the the brilliant colors.

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

addition to the above statecause of beginning the and one had sixtythree reportedHow, When and TNments false impression moral that heredity was direct as it caused to effects such be the cause indulgence. them of hisWhy Boys Begin sneaky, it caused to lie, and them child into is born TheThe Use of Tobacco some thought they were looked neither moral nor immoral,the worldbut

(Continued from page 158) down upon by everyone, while unmoral. He must, therefore, be

)8 -4 others reported they felt ashamed made a moral being. The boy is

"Smoking is invariably associof themselves. strongly imitative and this urge

is surely reappears to be responsible in mostated with low scholarship."The young boy

"Experiments with the use of toceptive to positive teaching. These cases for the attempt to puff the

bacco resulted in a ten per cent detestimonies or statements of attifirst cigarette. Thirtyfour percrease in mental efficiency."tude came from their real feelings. cent of the fathers of the 284 boys

"In a study of the ratio of the They had also noted other effects, who had used tobacco were or had actual to the expected mortality effects upon their powers to accombeen users. This percentage was

made by the New England Mutual plish. Fiftyone reported having reduced to 13.3 for the fathers of

Life Insurance Company the folnoted bad effects upon their abilthe boys who had abstained comlowing ratios were found: ities to do muscular work, thirtypletely.

Total abstainers 59% six upon abilities to do mental The answers by the boys would,

Rarely used 71% work, and twentythree had noted therefore, indicate that the tobacco

Temperate users 84,% bad effects upon their nervous syshabit is started by the use of cigarModerate users 93% tems. ettes or tobacco substitutes; that

his the does smoke boy But why in text suggests that Biology try to the A comes tendency smoking first substitute? cigarette tobacco or effects the the of tobaccowere on life; curiearly in that very and the sixtysix boys of hundred One cells it isgenital likely studied that stimuli are the imitation osity and led the reported to that they were atthe age state the which would Into smoke. the that tempt boy curiosity or use tobacco of through itgive the liberty individual to use tobacco against the struction use of inimitation. were Thirtynine fifty be inyears somewould odd

stead of twentyone or some duced to use it by older boys, 76 by must take these factors into serious younger age. chums, 2 reported idleness as the consideration.

Could these positive ideals be )Bhdeveloped earlier in the lives of our Third: The wellknown effectsboys? Note what some of them An Appropriate of tobacco on the heart and circusay even after pause and lation should lead one to

casionally using tobacco ocAsh Tray or habitually. this cost the possible of consider

In answer to the question, (Continued from page 159) indulgence, especially as "Would you advise other boys, > 4 Fourth: It is difficult to detersay your younger brothers, to be- "Acid dyspepsia is a common mine, years in advance, whether or

gin to use tobacco and what is affection among smokers. not one is endowed with sufficient

your personal attitude toward it?""Few people realize that so resistance to render socalled modone who used it steadily during a many ingredients in tobacco and erate smoking comparatively harmwhole summer said, "No, I know tobacco smoke are deadly poisons. less.

it to did me."what of people that who one drop Two Few know statistics vital Fifth: The still is said,were using tobacco "It nicotin of skin the unbroken on diseases heart that the of and a show dirty, filthya gives habit that one death. will rabbit produce Two in are circulation increasing rapidly

is sicklya color started if once and or drops the a of tongue dog on years, recent while quit,"to "Ithard is a and bad fatal; cat will moreover, prove

habit and I think its use especially fatal poisonings have occurred in Sixth: The per capita conamong juniors should be absolutely man from swallowing tobacco and sumption has rapidly increased in

prohibited."Another said, "I even from external application of recent years, while

would not use it again, for it disstrong solutions. A case was reSeventh: In the United Kingables a scout in living up to his cently reported from New Haven of dom, where these diseases are deoath."One who had used an fatal poisoning in a baby, who had creasing, there has been no material

average of ten cigarettes a day said, been fed from a milk bottle and increase in the use of tobacco, and "I would not smoke another cigarmilk-mixture in which some tothe per capita consumption is less ette for $5.00 and I would advise bacco had been accidentally spilled. than onethird that of the United

other and old, boys, young not to Summary States.* *use tobacco."following The

statements came from other boys TPIRST: Tobacco and its smoke Eighth: The poetic effusions of

who had used tobacco: "I think contain powerful narcotic poithe lovers of the weed are no safer

that if a father smokes it encourages sons. guide than the exaggerated and inhis son to do so although the father Second: It has never been shown temperate denouncements of people

may be very strict.""I believe that to exert any beneficial influence on who have idiosyncrasies against

if a until he body in health, is 21 the boy would wait human and it tobacco and simply hate it.

little tobacco, use is not even includedto very in the United would be used.""If men haven't the States Pharmacopoeia as a remedy Ninth: Those who now

nerve or strength of character for disease, notwithstanding the smoke should have a thorough enough to stop, somebody ought to claims that are made for its sedative physical examination to determine have respect enough for women and effects and its value as a solace to the condition of the heart and boys to stop them."mankind. blood vessels....

JUST A 83 COMPLEX By MELBA ALLEN

grily any choice morsel of gossip cial on old hens that could masthat came their way. Of course, I querade as spring frys. Third, a

had received my instructions at "demented Romeo"poured sweet home on how to use this wondernothings into my lilywhite ear ful marvel so I gingerly applied the and then insulted me and hung up

R-R-R- crank and lifted down the receiver. when he found I wasn't his "darRING, The response was instantaneous ling Kate."Fourth, a beauty exBr-r-r- so speedy, in fact, that the snarling pert insinuated that I needed my

The televoice almost curled my spine. face lifted. Fifth, the police staphone again! "What cha want?"tion was looking for a lost dog.

Do you Gone was my courage, my selfSixth, the Aid Society wanted a know what it composure. In despair I stuttered donation. Seventh, a lawyer

divorce. is to have deweakly, "Hello, hello, is this—is threatened me with

for Eighth, the Telephone Company veloped a telethis—er."Woe was upon me,

phone com- I couldn't recall the name of the gave me the alternative of paying plex? If so, person that I wanted. immediately for my telephone or

you can sympathize with me, if "Well, out with it! I haven't having it removed. After having

not, you will undoubtedly laugh got all day,"was the next choice answered such an avalanche of at me when I say I hate telephones, response that filtered through my senseless calls not intended for me, and telephoning. befuddled brain. it was the final straw. With fiendish

It is with a feeling of unspeakIt's too long a story to tell, so glee I retorted, "You can't remove able dread that I lift the receiver suffice it to say that my educait half soon enough to suit me."

and using my utmost control antion in the use of telephones was swer sweetly, "hello."It isn't besadly neglected from that time on THE Telephone Company accause I'm expecting a terrible mesuntil I left home to attend High cepted my challenge. Half an

sage that my reactions are such, School. Neglected, because I abhour later the Landlady was

but because of an emotional vensolutely refused to be placed in such lamenting the loss of one perfectly geance that crys eternally for ful- a humiliating situation again. good 'phone and I (who had

filment. My boardinghouse was one of reveled in its removal) was trampLittle chills of hatred course the popular kind, at least with ing the streets in search of new

along my spine as instantly and as lovesick young swains, who called boarding quarters.

automatically as the telephone bell their "biggest moments"at all There is just one other time I responds to the Operator's stimuli. hours of the day and night except must relate, I was up town. Like

Only by an extreme effort can I the right ones. the proverbial shopper, I bought

keep from pouring back into the One lovely afternoon I was atmore than I could carry successmouthpiece all the insults, embartempting to practice my scales, havfully. To ease my distress, the

rassments and annoyances that its ing found myself in the unbelievclerk kindly suggested that I might mate has brought to me. able state of being home alone. My phone someone to come and get me.

It seems utterly ridiculous, I fingers were arrested in their awkNot willing to admit my petcom- grant you, and yet I would sooner ward movements by the jangling plex publicly I was forced to accept walk a mile to deliver a message tinkle of the telephone in the next his offered assistance.

than use a telephone. room. Grimly I resolved that the To my utmost dismay I found

I lay my abhorrence of this harm- "darn thing"could ring all day before me one of these newfangled less little instrument, not to faulty before I'd answer it. Angrily I telephones that I had never exconstruction in the mechanism, but pounded the keys in an attempt to pected to encounter. Wishing to

to the uncivil and thoughtless drown out its tinkling noise, but get it over with, yet utterly bepublic that uses it. the louder I played the more perwildered about the proper way to

Being born near a small town sistently it buzzed. At last, in use it, I shut my eyes and plunged.

where the corner grocery boasted despair. I stamped through the The voice of my brother came

the only 'phone available, and that rooms and unceremoniously jerked to me, barely audible as though he of crankcase variety, my distaste up the receiver. were miles away. I was just confor telephoning developed early. All that day I had to contend gratulating myself on my unexBesides a trip to the village, I with it. First, an annoying, gospected success when a voice behind

had to accost the townloafers. siping neighbor insisted on wasting said, "You are holding it wrong,

They always encircled the telefifteen minutes of my time. Secmadam. If you'll turn it around

phone booth and snatched hunond, the butcher was having a speyou may be able to get your party."

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

a girl had a way with who—and

old,Probably It's Your Harry,momentarilybut Rulonforgottenwouldalloverlookabout old story. her. The

-Ljfcyo (Continued from page 155) that little faux pas (he was sure He flipped his lab. manual open.

- $>-; 4 herif shepronunciationwould give himwasnumbererroneous)foursnapped."Get the apparatus out,"heswarming smiling, hive of young,

sure. teen forget, see here, He wouldn't Rulon. "Now, I'm males,vying in each endeavoring

."he? would not going to be dog. anybody'shis peculiar fashion to gain the own Forget! If she preferred Bah! viciously. whirled Legs "Dog!"girlattention of the so delightfully that tinkleshellacked, babyfaced, I'll say won't. "Dog! you You

! she lovely Howcynosured—Jane it all nitwit, toed right was to don't to be a dog."enough knowwas! graceful! watched How He fourteen him. found number He his clenched; 'Tommy'sher, fascinated. Just long he how opposite the wrote name, and face white. grew hendidn't finally know, but she asked."red—thands.. Daisy. hadn't even spoken one He "You'rein a voice of velvety sweetness, "Is

to that that individual during word like see I'd in "Rulon, to youthe all extra right, second Rulon? evening, that dance but office."he had the It the was Monson, is all left IThat have now."anyway. teacher. chemistry closed the He the all extra second right! Was He door them. behind Eleven—twelve—thirteen. fiftyfirstHeavens! The would all sat latest out, this nursing them is I to 'There something wishbe divine. the extra second But selfinfraction salve the of with to take say you, can Rulon. Youdidn't fact, that evening; in come as pitying consolation. soon it As all as advice, forget or you canthe extra second ever hardly came.

last the note the of sighed waltz it. are yourself. Suit about You course,But, of she couldn't help

hall, dreamily the through he was a student, wonderful Rulon, wonthat.

half across floor seeking the way derful. fine a very have You It with anticipating was enan her. find Daisy. simply to had He chance of your making mark ownthusiasm that Legs the attended

forget, didn't did you, "So you in the unless world, keep you onnext enthusiasm that frolic—an I Rulon? wouldn't."knew you a of your making out mountainluckily enough landed dance him at smiled such Jane with up little him It's petty grievances. one five. five!number Dance number air of that expectancy he an demure tie thing to in a oneself world up at his glanced cardHe again

all forgot Daisy about it is selfishness; to of quite another sure thatmake he not had made

all his about newly made social place oneself a par with on to—forgotmomentarily errorsome could and have hugged

too. resolutions surely She was his students. fellow fellow Anyhimself sheer joy. from danced He like she that. lovely looked when little get air in can the over up anytwice in consecutive succession with

seemed to Something "No."it a takes genbut called herMary, quite Jane absentman—a

tight inside him. clamp down He differthe learn truely seven times then and wondered thing,tleman—to

reflectively. paused "Let me see. ence repartee between contempand she at queerly. looked so him

isn't fourteen, it?"Number He able pass tuous sarcasm, be to to WithwhyOne—two—three—four. ran acidstained finger an little down friction grace- a over points of ecstatic stepan to strode forth Legs

program of names. "Number fully and to master himself. Thatclaim his dance of the evening. It

yes. fourteen. I momentarily Oh, is the main Youreasy matter. anwas merely had thing—Master He

I forgot. to promised that self! are going you way The nowto find largest the fellows, of crowd

tell I to going was oneyou-—will igbeing you end by up anforce his center to the and Daisy. way

are. things know is how selfish all."norant, cad. That...there. but—you

I could another?"have Maybe sat head. Legs with bowed The Jane smiled at sweetly up him.

sorry, all I have "I'm Rulon. eyes. his world before swam "An dance, isn't it?""My the rest."of smiled she up And selfish ignorant, cad!"was That looked at the She fellow standing so possessively beside her. Sigat him as sweetly as ever. He what Monson had called him. "An

she hadn't. wished It almost selfish ignorant, cad!"was Whonificantly her. at he looked down

act. his spoiled then, But, whole he Monson? was what That this sure his dance? RulonWas was

girls like like that. her were to Just Yes. would like know. her while handed He his program

all of his former elation drained what was he? An underpaid, secfrom his body. Oi'N the following ondrate chemistry teacher. Again

That was strange! Why GorMonday, doggedly determined to that enmity welled up within himdon claimed that dance too. She forget all about Jane and rankling—almost overpoweringly. It

took Gordon's card. Number five, with resentment, he glanced casthrobbed at his temples. It pulled

wasn't it? Yes, there it was. And ually up at the list of the term's at his repertoire of vociferous adGordon had arrived first, you honor students, merely to assure jectives. He wanted to yell atknow. Rulon wouldn't mind this himself that the committee on Monson—to yell that it was none

his business. he didn't. But if she give scholarship remembered would had him him oftime—not sharply you,"he said "Thank fivenumber ten. only accustomed was name That correctly. The

dances away. And she smiled up failed to greet him from its usual and slammed the door shut behind

him.at him so demurely expectant that place—the accustomed name, Rudidn't stop in the chem. lab. He in Bolton, ranked second—and

couldn't. He its place the name, Jane Marylinhe Six—seven—eight—nine.just simply had to accede.With lon

dubious step Legs retraced his way Lovelace, reposed graciously. He Finally, his rancor somewhat

to claim that tenth dance that had stared a moment incredulously, but abated, he felt ashamed of himself somehow lost so much of the Jane Marylin Lovelace still smiled for having let his beastly temper glamour of the fifth. The same graciously down upon him. It get the better of him. He had

sweet smile welcomed him; the was an easy matter to explain acted the part of a little, spoiled

same air of possession. She had an easy course—sentimental profs. child. And anybody could act

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 185

of them. both beaux, an books, was trees, authors, He cranked rocks, couldn't anybodythat way—but

car. is it?"the "Well, Paused. what adteachers her favorite and even It took a himself.master man to

do that. Master himself. Monvanced a couple of theories on how "Why have you avoided me,

son was right. Books didn't count to end the depression, while Legs'Rulon?"All coquetry had vanfor everything. They merely expression, to all appearances, ished, leaving just a tearful, little

girl. stiff. woebegone clearly he was bored to showed a meansserved a purpose—were missed the trucks and "And you educaleastan end. the It took intellect, without Suddenly

tion, plus social prestige to become warning the car came quietly to a made all of this mess just to ask a real success in life. And Moncomplete stop and no amount of me that?"

son had said that he had a fine coaxing had the least effect. Legs "Uhhuh."

chance. looked at Jane questioningly; she He looked at her a moment,

smiled up at him. thoughtfully. "You like me, Jane.

I Whyj"complaint. old same "The worked hard had HiLE She smiled slyly up at him. gas."of out We're outing. schoolon that last And know.

now when everything had been so Inconveniencing Jane, he jerked "Probably it's your legs. They

carefully planned and those plans up the seat. No, that wasn't the are rather unique, you know."

sure, Jane's you may be And cause. carried out, in part, Then successfullyso he cranked—cranked night was to that the dance blisters until large came on his escort his passedhe had quite regretfully

responsibility over to Tommy. He hands and larger ones on his dis- a much rejuvenated "Legs."

simply couldn't go on that outing. position, with his only recompense j3 -4

He couldn't get the spirit of the oc- a disgustingly empty sigh. He

casion at all. checked the spark plugs, the timer, Trees of the Bible

Listlessly he watched the last everything he could with the tools (Continued from page 147) truck fade from view and heaved at hand and still that empty sigh a sigh of relief. It was a lot of persisted. He sat in the seat beside there existed extensive forests of

work and worry to put anything Jane, stumped. oaks, for in Isaiah 2:13 it states:

over. A step sounded behind him "Don't you really know what's "* * upon all the cedars of Leand a pleasant voice asked regretthe matter, Rulon?"banon, that are high and lifted up,

like his pulling hair andfully, He felt "Has the last truck really all the oaks of Bashan."and upon a yelling, answered but he onlygone, Rulon?"fields near HeIn the of Mamre,

vicious even and slumped grief! "No!"she Jane! Good And as the bron, is an oak Oak known farther his seat, scowling in first arrive. to down been of the onehad its of for boughs under Abraham deeply."It rather appears so."

is pitched to reputed have Abraham possibly couldn't be I go, to so wanted much "And "It—it altar erected unto his tent an and

it, that, folcould Rulon?"folHe eyes WistfullyRulon."her in buried the People were Lord.

direction indicated the and direction the that lowed takenlowed by for in the I Chron. of oaks, shadow glared offending at the key ruelast truck. arose, told: 10:12 we are "They

fully. I "Well, just don't what know all took valiant the away men, and

are He going aboutyou to do "You—you—did—that?"it. You bodies Saul, the of and the body it out haltingly. here earlywere enough, and you choked to sons, his brought of and them

surely knew that was the last truck. His crankblistered, greaseJabesh, and buried their bones unblackened his sunblistered, hands,There's then you der the walking—and oak in Jabesh, and fasted

face, greasestained It ride.might possibly bum a days."his greaseseven

flannel shirt smeared and white toseems be quite the thing among one of elm tree is probably The his disposition, pants, overtaxed ladiesyoung of fashion."interpretations of the Hebraic the

"Aren't you going, Rulon? he took them all into cognizance translation of the oak, but elms are

Surely you'll have to go."and compared that effect with that only once mentioned in the Bible

splashes paltry of dried it. a few been expecting She of He had or in 4:13. Hos. The "terebinth"loudly. he laughed mud. ride to Thenwanted father's up in his interpretation "teil"being another

isn't a laughing matter,nice, new, big car. She was too "It—it in the Revised Version meaning the

girls Rulon."It for truck. thegood was great tree enjoys Turpentine which

It isn't your idea of alike "No? sick. that her made him for early used longevity and was

. at all,.."is it?"joke I don't paused. he "No. oil. its the extraction of

fingered her hand- I yes, I believe shall.""Why, is "I—I—she "libneh"word The Hebrew to nervously. "I wanted Legs'blocks Three from home kerchief translated poplar, but in to mean

reposed tranquilly a pond of runny, ask you something."the Revised Version it would seem

oozy mire. This the little model T "Ask me something? Well, to indicate that this was, in reality,

"bug"hit at full speed. A shower there's one consolation. You the storax tree, but both trees are

be able won't slime, to damage viscousof glanced and Legs to Palestine. poplar anything common The

least, at not girl at much."seated beside else, the bedaubed in Genesis is mentioned doubt no

him. It couldn't have worked betAll of a sudden she became inthe white poplar.

ter. Then with a burst of noise tensely interested in the hills on the It is interesting to speculate on

slightlythat worse only sounded far side the car. of think I all events, the colorful the human "I—I rock goingthan a the through the answer might now. sepaknow You sorrows and the romance and joys,

rator of a threshing machine they as well drive on."And the way the drama, which has been witfollowed the way of the trucks. she said it.... nessed by some of the venerable

But if Legs had intended to Tears! There were just two trees that are still living, and if they

dampen her spirits, he was sadly things in the world he simply could but speak how strange would disappointed. She talked about couldn't stand, and a tearful wombe their message.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

The Bogey Man of himbaseballProvinceand hishonors.pitching brought 5:00 dayp. m.andbaseballFriday practiceonly. TuesOther

South Africa outstanding"Being youngathleticandability,possessing'Stan'8:00 daysp. m.areVisitingspent ininvestigators.tracting.

(Continued from page 149) has achieved a wonderful degree of Most interesting!

> 4. popularity which is well deserved. 10:00 p. m. To bed. And am I

"Smith hails from Salt Lake He has consented to lecture for us glad to get there!

City, Utah, U. S. A., and he has on 'Religious Ideals'at the Rail- "Our baseball games come on

as many fans as Bennie Ostler does way Institute on Saturday evening Saturday afternoon and so that at Newlands. When Smith goes at 8 o'clock. If 'Stan'is as condoesn't interfere with our regular

to the pitcher's mound there is a vincing from the platform as he is missionary work. I ask you now,

cheer and when his supporters have from the pitcher's box his success Dad, do any missionaries do as seen him smite a ball or two over is assured."much work as we do without playthe fence for a home run they reAnd "Stan"held a great meeting ball? We are leading in Books

gard their afternoon at Rosebank ing that night. His whole baseball of Mormon distributed each

as well spent. career is certainly worth an anmonth, and are close to the top in

"On Saturday he got his cusnouncement like the above. It the number of baptisms per huntomary home run. For several inswings the doors of friendship dred missionaries. Our missionary

nings the Province batters had been wide open. How many of his adwork is up to par, and besides that

dealing with the Natal pitcher with miring audience he impressed can we have made scores of friends caution. Then in the eighth innever be known. through baseball. What do you

ning Dalton decided to give the The English speaking populathink?"

Province substitutes a chance. The tion of South Africa is not the only We think it's great! It's thefirst who came to bat was Perry one which proclaims "Stan's"way of missionary work—first, an

third, a friend, and finally a conElliot,swiped—andHavingconnected.nothing toThelose,ballhe achievements.tionalities have Peopletaken ofa otherliking nato attraction, second, a conversation,

sailed high over the fence. him, and particularly the Dutch of vert. This is the formula, and

"The Province batters looked at that faroff province. All of the "Stan"is following it to good adeach other. They must not let Dutch newspapers of South Africa vantage, but in a unique, new way!

themselves be put in the shade by have something to say about this a substitute. Converse, the AmerMormon lad as well.

ican ViceConsul, bat. to came He Yes, this is missionary suwork of Twoswung and missed. ball next The preme, for behind the lure his Romance of

sailed off his trail the hat on same is athletic ability, the fine, clean, CltieS (Continued from page 153) as Elliott's run. score home attractive The character of "Stan"him- -4tied. Then came Smith! The self. Those who are led to him >——

first ball he got he banged right because of his honor and glory on less Nanaaha celebrates his beover the trees into the Alma cricket the field, find that this first attractrothal, the City of LehiNephi grounds next door. After that tion vanishes in the charm and dewill groan under heavier burdens

Natal changed pitchers. But they light of a deeper, more gripping than before; and Isaac with his

lost the day."friendship which "Stan"comfamily and Miriam will be torturAny prince might well be thrillmands, by reason of his clean life, ed for conspiracy."

ed to see the winning swat cracked his modest example and his reliZena clutched at her throat; her

from the bat of a Mormon misgious ideals. face blanched.

sionary. But all of his missionary life is "Tell me,"she whispered shrilAgain the Cape Times gave not involved in baseball. This acly, "to whom shall he be bepicture evidence of dignitaries tivity occupies but a few short trothed?"greeting baseball teams—and hours in his enough "To Zena, Daughter of Jared.""Stan"Smith. A month later the to set ajar theprogram—justdoor of good will "No, no,"the girl cried wildly,

Governor General, the Earl of and friendship. After that the real "Grandfather would never give me

Clarendon, shook hands and conwork begins. It is represented in to a Lamanite."

gratulated Smith and the Western the program which he sent his "Quiet!"Bithna demanded,

Province for their team good work added, "Jared is no more and father in a recent letter. Among thenagainst the strong team. Transvaal Isaac had promised."things other he writes:

such things as these are almostAnd "Believe not, it or but Dad, occurences.weekly

is our spare time baseball, into put only head—sheThe girl'sturnedhandsdrunkenly:flew to her

rPHE press is one hundred percent and we don't have much of that. "And for this you saved me!"

for "Stan."Here is one of sevHere is my daily program: David, who had watched keenly

eral like announcements: "Hear 7:00 a.m. Out of bed with a bit put out his arm to steady her.

'Stan'Smith."And then this folof a struggle. "I shall kill Nanaaha,"he said,

lows: "Baseball players in the 7:30 a. m. Breakfast, morning in defiance to what he saw in

Western Province Leagues, and classes and study. Bithna's eyes.

sportsmen as a whole, will rally to 10:00 a. m. Out tracting until "No more talk,"Bithna sudhear 'Stan'Smith, the outstanding noon. It's great! denly became stern, "We must haste

baseball pitcher, speak. 'Stan'1:00 p. m. Dinner. It comes before the storm passes or we shall

left his home in Salt Lake City none too soon. leave tracks."

some time ago as a Mormon mis- 1: 30 p. m. Study, correspondence, Swiftly and silently they folsionary. For diversion and to keep writing articles, etc. lowed her into the forest.

physically fit, he began playing 3:00 p. m. Visiting Saints. (To be Continued)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 87

Book of Mormon as people"Mormon,as"Andagainstmy thepeople."Book ofIf composedof English butthat iswouldratherbe thatproducedtype

Translation English theof verselast 1letter1 is placedof theinHebrewfront oftextthe bylowsa translatorthe originalwhotoofrequentlyclosely, folthe (Continued from page 141) first word in verse 1 2 we have presyntax of which is thus made plain ]..4{ cisely the Book of Mormon readin the English dress. In other

ing, as in the previous case. Here words I hold the English of the

phrase not contained in the Auis another sample of wrong word Book of Mormon often betrays a thorized version or Hebrew version. division which the Prophet Joseph too literal adherence to an apparent

The phrase in question is "and upSmith corrected and only a transHebrew original. Let us call it

on all the ships of the sea."With lator could reasonably do this. If HebrewEnglish. Hebrew idioms

this phrase the Septuagint agrees it be argued that by moving the in the Book of Mormon have been and it is perfectly easy to explain on last letter of the Hebrew of verse noted by others, notably Thomas the basis of the Book of Mormon 1 1 we thereby leave a mutilated Brookbank, but apparently the full reading's being the original why text we simply point out that the significance of them has been our present Hebrew text has but Book of Mormon makes clear that missed.

two phrases. According to the Book the verse is corrupt. So also verse Jacob 5:2. "Hearken, O ye

of Mormon the original had three 10. Let the scholar compare the house of Israel, and hear the words

phrases all beginning with the same Nephite renderings of these verses of me, a Prophet of the Lord."

words, "and upon all."But a perand compare them with the present The second clause is apparently

fectly natural error some scribe's Hebrew texts or the Authorized a tooliteral translation of a Heeye inadvertently hit upon the secversion. The comparison is not brew noun in the plural with a

ond "and upon all,"and the first likely to make us blush for the possessive suffix. Translate "and

phrase was omitted. It is interestBook of Mormon. hear my words."The Prophet

ing to note that the Septuagint verJoseph Smith had the correct idea sion has preserved the first phrase "PERHAPS enough examples of but was unaccustomed to translaof this verse correctly, has omitted probable translation in the text tion, coupled with which was lack one phrase and has corrupted anof Isaiah in the Book of Mormon of formal training in English.

cited. in say been have may We preservedother. has Hebrew The follows of Book The Mormon text that has the Nephite correctly, lastthe phrases but passing two of generally the custom Hebrew likenesses in unmistakable many preservedthe of has Book Mormon it numerals. stringing out "And instances ancient either to the Greekall three. to that pass and hundred came two versions Syriac or or Latin where

II Isaiah passed (compare eight years thirty 13:9 Nephi had and

it differs the This Hebrew. from

it this rather remarkable to In 13;3:9). came "and away,"Jarom

is fact easily curious ex- a one but shallillustration deal only seventy with that pass hundred and we two basis the of plained conour on sentence.the first six Authorized years passed away,"had and The tention that Smith Joseph was

reads, their thatversion pass of to 3; shew it came "The "and Omni text translating ancient of an

againstcountenance witness four doth forty and and hundred two Isaiah. a Master's In forthcoming

their declare as sinthem; they years passed and Nephi away,"had 4

thesis being under out worked my the it not."5 they Contrast hide Genesis 40. where ConsultSodom direction, Principal Vest Grant H.

this noticed. the of constructions be can with same Book Mormon will the of Seminary, Vernal make

reads, their described state as of constructwhich show "The The full the a presentation of rather countenance doth witness against facts pertaining to the text of Isaiah in Hebrew grammars seems aptheir declare syntax. sin to inthem, parent of and doth Mormon Book in the of Mormon. Book correas relationbe they even construct cannot and Sodom, "The to parts turn of the we Now relations it."to the version nearlyhide has sponds Nephite most The be that cannot of Book Mormon in alla ancient in English, expressed in change meaning. of by The for the versions ancient checked by

e. its palace agrees exactly the senses:Syriac version g., with many

I translation. of evidence When father, clause,the the the of rendering the king, son the of of "and

the the of of say English Book... relaring hide thethey it"of cannot of gold. This Book I a is translation English, Mormon

is invariin usually, tion Furthermore, our notof though Mormon. freely simply English it is not mean

it is of: text, possible point expressed ablypresent by Hebrew The

by shifting the last letter of the is that the... words together

second verb before the following make up one idea."Davidsonword, to get precisely the reading of McFadyen, Hebrew Grammar, pp.

the Nephite scripture for the part of 58, 59.

the verse in question. It is posBook of Mormon examples: I

sible, too, that a letter of the HeNephi 4:24, "the plates of brass"

brew text has dropped out as some rather than "the brass plates."

scholars may insist. At any rate Mosiah 21:27, "plates of ore;"

who can deny the strong evidence Alma 37:2, "plates of Nephi."

of translation at this point in the In Mosiah 20:15 we have "the

Nephite text? Few will be likely daughters of my people."

to deny that the Nephite version The expression "daughters of my has an attractive reading. people"occurs in the Old TestaCompare II Nephi 13:12 with ment but this is not exactly as the

it. In MoIsaiah 3:12. Here the Authorized STUDENTS VISITING THE HOLY LAND Book of Mormon hasversion has a reading, "As for my siah 12:33 we have "the mount

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 of Sinai"where we should expect the people,"etc. See also Alma rey of Yale University. It is my"Mount Sinai"if the Prophet were 39:4—"yea, she did steal way the hope that nonMormon scholars

following the Authorized version. hearts of many."will attack the problem without

The Prophet puts the expression In presenting the case for the undue prejudice and help or stimuin the construct state (and correctly Book of Mormon as translation late Latterday Saints to greater enough) whereas the Authorized English we have presented but a efforts in the study of the Nephite version never does. 2 Nephi 4:32, few of the high points in its favor. record. A critical commentary on

33 "the gates of thy righteousness,"From these, however, it is apparent the Book of Mormon is sadly need- "the robe of thy righteousness."It that a far stronger case can be made ed. Perhaps the Department of

is true that many expressions in the out for the Book of Mormon as Religion of the Brigham Young construct state in the Book of Mortranslation English than can be University can some day supply mon are found exactly the same in made for the Four Gospels as transone. But much study and research

the Bible or nearly so. This of lation Greek as seen in the work of will be necessary before this can be

course in no way vitiates my gencertain scholars such as C. C. Tordone.

eral argument. The latter is

bound to be cumulative throughout for no one exhibition of Hebrew eyes for just a minute or two. Getusage in the Book of Mormon Marigolds Love ting home seemed remote, imposproves my case. But when many sible, not worth trying for.cases of exact Hebrew grammatical The Sun In retrospect that ride seemed

constructions are exhibited it begins (Continued from page 138) longer to Reina than the days and: hk weeks that followed. The roadto be evident that the Book of *-

Mormon is something other than tugged backward at the wheels and"prayer book"or "halfSemitic"And longer ago—when Gordon the more she increased her speed

Nephi 17:51 we have the toohad been Babs'special boy friend the less progress she seemd to make.

literal rendition "how is it that he his talk of far places and big new The last half mile was an eternity cannot instruct me, that I should jobs had sounded exciting and fine. of effort, with each tree and stone

build a ship?"Translate "How Reina had felt immensely flattered a separate goal to be strained after.

is it that he cannot instruct me to when all his attention had switched There was no fire in the stove, build a ship?"Other example, I to her. The other men she knew of course. Nothing hot to drink.

Nephi 1:11; 2:2; 3:24; 8:8, 13; had sunk to insignificance with No place to thaw her chilled and

14:28; 17:36; 3 Nephi 19:16; their puny routine of selling or aching feet. Reina dropped heavAlma 11:2, etc. figuring. ily into a chair, feeling again the

We conclude this article by Perhaps she should have run steamy waves surging from her wet pointing out several expressions away from him then, left him to body.

noted by Thomas Brookbank that Babs. Babs might have enjoyed Mechanically she noted a small

seem typical of Hebrew usage in this high, thin isolation. Certainbundle just inside the door. She

the Book of Mormon. ly she would have made a different kicked at it, then began to laugh I Nephi 1 8:6—"And it came to place of the cabin, peopling the uncontrollably. It was Mrs. Crawpass that on the morrow, after we walls and furniture with creatures ford's marigold plants! "I wonhad prepared all things, much fruits of her own bright designing, and der,"she gasped, "if she'll leave

and meat from the wilderness,"etc. gathering everyone from dour Mr. cucumbers this summer, and expect

Here "all things"must mean "sufSampson to silent Bill Crawford me to make all her twentyseven ficient"as in Genesis 33:11 where about her lamplit table for fierce salads."

the Authorized version reads, "and and delighted quarreling. But oh, Almost immediately things bebecause I have enough."The Heat that far time, how it would have gan to clarify in her head. She

brew reads literally, "and because I torn Reina's heart to shreds if Gorcould reason now with lightning have all (things)."See also II don had loved plain little Babs in ease. She must go at once to San

Nephi 6:3; Mosiah 26:38; Helapreference to her golden self! Francisco. She had no more chance

man 8:24. here than those marigolds would

The Hebrew "A man of words"The sky had been darkhave back under the pine tree. She

equals "eloquent man."See Exening steadily. Now a swift patter would simply fade and die, and it

odus 4:10 (Hebrew text). Comof rain called Reina back to herself wasn't any use.

pare Mosiah 27:8 "And he was a and the need to turn toward home. There was a southbound eveman of many words, and did speak Five minutes later the downpour ning train out of Weston. Reina

much flattery to the people."came, drenching her head and was on it, looking very flushed and

Translate "and he was an eloquent shoulders. But the rain brought brighteyed, but otherwise comman,"etc. See Helaman 2:4. no cooling relief. Moisture steamed posed. Inwardly, too, she felt

In Hebrew "Steal the heart of"up about her head, suffocatingly. serene and right. Gordon would

equals "deceive,""dupe"or "win Then a sharp chill shook her very be glad she had come away in time, over"in the intellectual sense. See bones and sent the car careening while she could still fall back on

Genesis 31:20 (Hebrew text); 2 under uncertain fingers. Contours the old ways with the same glad

Samuel 15:6. about her were dim and fluid; a abandon—not huddle back shrinkCompare Mosiah 27:9—"And shadowy cloud was just behind ing and broken to confess her failhe became a great hinderment to her, reaching. It required the most ure, and his. And he would not

the prosperity of the church of painful concentration to maintain miss her seriously. Gordon was

God; stealing away the hearts of steady going, for she kept wanting too engrossed in his work to care

the people."Translate "Deceiving to turn off the engine and close her greatly about any woman—he had

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935 89

proved that. Perhaps he would understand at last all this talk that "I'll never try to make you go,

find another in time, who would had been going on about her for dear."

do just as well. His affair with so long. "Of course,"she said. "I suffered every day and everyBabs had shown how easily satisThen, because her voice sounded day, until—

fied he was. Darling, homely queer, she repeated it several times "Don't talk. You won't have

in varying tones, and laughed. to, any more."Babs! Clever and brave—oh,

sweet for a girl to love; but a man "Of course.""Stop babying me! I'm not so

like Gordon usually looked for She was much better now. sick but that I mean it."

more. Strength flowed into her with each "I mean it, too, Queen."

ft was right, too, the thing she new detail of recognition and reShe saw then that he really did.

almembrance. marigolds, those done withhad forgotten something She had reshe sort of hungry,""I'm hard it hideously been hadthough the she to say, and meant had now really then marked, and Gordon the rain. in there out accomplishto nurse sending away. him was cry. did to write Gordon she wouldBut it Here was! Wait! nurse as she brought beamed pine blue The the dark under outgo

and watch them dying there with- a very small cup of thin broth, and "Look under the blue pine,"she out the sun. Then he would unallowed Gordon to feed her. "She's told him, "then you'll know, Gorderstand. There had been eighteen all right now. She'll be as well as don."

lacy little plants. She had taken ever in a week or two."Reina came back to the apartgreat pains to set each one firmly "She'd better,"Gordon said. ment when she was able, and reseparate, just as she had seen Mrs. Then, leaning close, "Make it one sumed without question her old

attitude the girls. toward Queen. I can't stand it up intimate the low week,Crawford do—under going back She did not mention you."there without the tree. ofspreading branches

Gordon would know, when they Reina studied the ceiling very to work immediately, for Elsa drooped in their snug little rows, intently for long minutes. Then Howard who had taken her place

how right she had been; and how she said simply, "I may as well say as a model at Maxine's, was living

she could not make the wood fire it now, Gordon. I'm not going now with Babs and Alma; and

or ginger tea, and how hard it back again. Didn't you know Reina was not certain that Maxine

was to stoop to pick up all her wet that I came away for good?"could keep them both during the

things from the floor but she had When he made no answer, she dull part of the spring season. Benot wanted to leave things in a went on, "It was killing me by sides, she was still rather thin and

back. You weak, and was quite willing topuddle for him to find... It'll be inches. I—I won't go

dangerous to go to sleep... Stay can't make me go!"spend her mornings in bed and her

awake. * * *

J3ABS was alone in the apartment when that strange fumbling at the door roused her fromher drawing board. Her short, A LITTLE LIGHT

pretty legs were hunched on the rungs of the stool; dabs of miscel- A little light on your insurance will undoubtlaneous color smeared her hands edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underblunt, knobby, herand smock;

coninsured. Think what it would mean if fire in curious little face wassweet

trast to the elegant figures that destroyed your property.

preened from her board. "The door's unlocked—comeon in,"she called absently. Then, UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

as the vague, feeling noises continued, she opened it herself. See our agent in your town.

with Reina said "Hello,"a HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City didn't "It smile. eeriebrilliant,

work, darling. Call up Max for

me and ask if I can have my old job back."Business is the Best Paying Vocation

carefully very walked she Then scarves Outof-town students earn living expenses. the back threw the sofa,to

and cushions and lay down with Positions for Graduates Enroll Now her hat still on, closing her eyes.

* * * BUSINESS COLLEGE see me, HENAGER can child, you

Salt Lake City 45 East Broadway Largest and Best Gortoo?"hear me("UEEN, honest, and

don's voice was very low and it BUSINESS COLLEGE HENAGER Fill in a man's as laughter, of hint aheld Salt City, Utah Lake mail and tears. is "Darclose to ifwill he to: catalog Please send coupon you I have known shouldling, for Name

I left you ill day that whenwere catalog Address -—there alone. Forgive me, Queen!"

Reina was glad to be able to 90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

afternoons drifting about to fadays she was controlled and silent, "She's getting better. Max

miliar haunts, renewing old acand painfully independent of the would have fired her if she didn't quaintances. others'hardy willingness to cheer do."

her. The slightest attention made "Well, really,"Reina was faintELSA HOWARD was her fidgety—a thoroughly poor ly annoyed, "if Max wants me

a lovely, fragile girl, scarcely more model, Reina was certain. Yet it more than she wants Elsa, is it my

than a child, with great wide eyes would be beastly, now, to take her noble duty to stand by and starve, and a child's sensitive mouth. job away. She would look about so that little sister can have my

When she thought no one was for another place. job?"

looking, her mouth was often set Through perfect latespring "Gordon sends you enough.

in a tight line, as if to control its days, Reina drifted back to glowElsa couldn't get work anywhere quivering. Her mother had reing health; borrowed clothes from else right now, and she really needs

cently married again and gone the girls, walked through the park to be working. She's most frightfully unhappy.abroad, Babs said, way, and Elsa was by the And in beautiful May,—hauntinglyinconsolable. to stay expect soblong do you She sometimes how the invitations for accepting casual

bed in her sleep, though during the crowds and places her soul had down here? Forever?"

hungered after for so long. Reina leaned back against the

stretching her arms and critical interest, she cushions, with Then, BE INDEPENDENT sleek, legs their farthest her slim to position her that to note had began

Vocation So Profitable I No Other reach. again, she curled up Then a subtle change. undergone The

ENROLL NOW at the girls regarded her as one slightly murmuring almost to hgrself, Course For a Complete different in experience and interests, "Marigolds love the sun."

even at times they altered the note She had not expected Babs to of Culture BeautyQuish School that. reply understand was their she The chatter amusing of when

in the The Best West real surprise. a entered.

804-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson loves Elsa "Yes, a mother and after It early June, she had was CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH

her, to your and baby Mrs. Crawfor looking the rounds""been Informationv Further For Ss,. loves ford footlights the proband everywhere Catalog found Call and had and work *< %,.4"<: deserves ably them! Gordon And or 7560 ***** Wasatch fall idleness the preceding. the same "j. * s. Fill loves in This love and companionship and to said one season, that she Babs '"*-. ""-. Coupon peace his for work! And I shall ask evening, think "I Max I—I've N. I loved since kneeGordon was suppose to take back. you me Do, life all isn't high! prize packBut he would?"-OS, \ \ ages, dear."my her in inscrutable eyes *N. Her -V *V - \ \ \ Reina stunned into thoughtwas \ face, responded, Babs gnomelike fulness. long, After minutes, awed

if were she course you would "Of she asked don't low, you "Why MAKE best the model her. to ask You're MONEY

tell so, Babs?"f him 4t Tlome it put ever had. would But she

steady each income week, little at like Babs'home, jabbed wordsEARN workingoil. photos miniatures and Learn famous you job. a Elsa of out Had

in"Koehnecoloring weeks. few this Method"daggers. done I inWork by "Because gave up him big experience demand. talent artmethod nor No of that?"thought

needed. this for become independent way. Send inMany for gave good you when up Maxfree booklet, at is "Make Money Home."a model, as "She's good no ine's, Inc. and sneaking NATIONAL not ART I'm back SCHOOL,

3601 Michigan Avenue, Dept. 418-C Chicago, III. she, honestly?"the first good chance I see! And

because, for some dim reason that's hard for me to grasp, he seemed to prefer you."

"The Kingdom of God Then, noting Reina's white and stricken face, she continued more or Nothing"kindly, "I only wanted you to see that you aren't the original little of the favorite motto the That was failed that to get the choicest of flower of Church, one the president third spot in just the garden. You're of the defenders fearless most the

Faith. By implication it emphasizes the making more fuss about it."

importance of preparation for complete Shrunken and frightened, Reina educational careful living through asked, all "Is that the way you spiritualized as it properly training all feeling have been me, about School. is Church at the Parent always

this time?"

YOU MAY ENROLL NOW "Everyone, I guess, feels the same way about a quitter."

Spring Quarter Begins March 25 "And Gordon—is he disgusted,

too? If I ever did go back and try

By Registering now you may get in to play the game a little better, do two full quarters by the end of summer. you suppose he'd want me now?"

President John Taylor "I hope he doesn't!"shouted

Brigham Young University Babsdarn wellwithoutthrowspity.you "Iout!"hope Shehe

PROVO 'The Friendly School"UTAH was speaking rapidly, with a challenge. But frank tears streamed

191 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1935

down her odd, crumpled little face were making for us after you got So in our mutual improvement as she finished, "He won't though. well..."work let us strive not only to give

also that we but betterment for our the flowlook at career "Let's and go his his job and giveHe'll up others. gifts us of Let the receive may cried. life that ers,"Reina so glorious his wholeand speech: all of the forms of use make grown, three had little of them playthings, Only your haveyou can telling, the drama, story conversation,if you ask for them. You're the out under the blue pine—the and public address. May we not begin

these ones. strongest spellhad But that them holds typedeadly of the commonest form—that fragile, tall, stems reaching credibly with anything conscious can do becomebound. You inwithconversation—and startlof palest yellow blooms efforts to think and better or in our determined andhim—anything—for the concisely, choosing clearly beauty. ing and to do choose youworse—and suits that phrase the is jealous."quite and word.. "Mrs. Crawfordthis

"I'm licked, Babs. Shut up."of them,"Gordon was boasting, our particular meaning. Try this for

if thoughts as your one day—"Think her. "Hers tight his about arm Babs, and wept won't!""I

effort to conscious audible."were A only soon, grew and too that bloomed head gold the brightsmoothed tofar will conversation go improve colors. as tall, darker half and about lap. her in buried suddenlywas address public and improving ward here, get sun don't much Yours differ- a then say will make we what

Gordon's calmly and it seems to make them different ence.glad reception was the most beau- -—-more character to them. Whew!"

tiful note of Reina's coming home. He took his arm away, leaving a

He gave no room for craven apolwet trail on her dress. "I mustn't

it's child, though you, tearsogies, that had crush or the shamed NEW FOR hard HEADQUARTERS it. beastly to keep Another from whenever her lids behindscalded SAINT LATTERDAY

she had dared picture the place she hot day, isn't it?"GARMENTS

TO TOU FACTORY FROM no- "Is it? I honestly hadn't eyes. in his for herselfhad made Orders Solicit Mail Your

ticed."We88. Lt. Laand Men's No. not Wt. but thankful, joyous, wasHe

dies'Style New the floweyes Reina's if lingered on her as surprised.greatly It was 89. No. La- $.65 Med. Men's Wt. and

1.10 Style New proud on their tall, stems. Unmerelyarrival on an earers been had No. 80. Men's Double dies'Heavy Wt. consciously her body straightened, 1.35 thelier train than one expected. Back

If only she need not face the lifted a little. She put her arm No. 81. DoubleHeavy BackWt. Old Style 1.50

87. Lt. her and Old No. Wt. husband about and moved toNew these after ignominiousothers, 85 Styles house. the ward 85. Special No. Very NonRun Mrs.months! Crawford—the Garments—Guaranteed feel!scorn she must Spec. -4 Ray. To Run—Not )——84. Lt. and 1.10 Med. Men's No. Wt.—to over the Crawgoing "We're Ladies'Style, DouNew

ble Combed Yarn, Extra 85fords'for a big homecoming dinCommunityflctivity Fine ner,"Gordon was saying, at that (Continued on page 175) Specify when ordering, your bust, very moment. "Little Missis is de- { trunkold style,and andlength,if men'swhetheror newladies'.or

again. herelighted that to be you're his stood his experiments. Yet exWeUnitedPayStates.Postage Anywhere in the

like learn to couldI wish you facts her, perimentation developed the from quite a person, and She'sQueen. LEWIS scientific state able to the MOSE which he was

ST. 14 MAIN ofvery you."fond principles that of underly our much CITY, SALT UTAH LAKESO.

this seeing mention Add In Please life disease present of and knowledge al- I Reina like her!"do "Why, this Magazine

most gulped. "I've loved her from germs.

the first."It seemed a most truthful thing to say.

"You're going to like it down there next year,"he glowed conSalt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel fidently. "I picked out a peach of

a spot for our house, with room for all the flowers you'll want.""Flowers?"she repeated curiHOTEL

ously. "Sure. Don't imagine I've been TEMPLE

neglecting your garden out here.

Sweet child, to plant them whenyou were so ill! I've had more joy SQUARE

out of those few little plants than 200 Rooms each with anything you could have left for Tile Bath me. I sort of knew you'd be here

when they bloomed. And you're Rates

just in time."$1.50 to $4.00

"How did you know, when I Radio Connections for didn't write?"Every Room

"You didn't need to write, Queen, I knew you. And after Opposite Great Mormon Temple

what you said in the hospital about ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

the blue pine, and then what Babs wrote of all the sweet plans you

By MARGARET C. MOLONEY

I O, R D E A HOB HORSE riding is often advohawks she rode. Down into the isn't satisfied—or she, to enjoyHOBBY the cated by the physician. Not thicket she plunged where hides the chosen hobby of all hobbies—to

for the liver, exactly, but poor hunted grouse; black forests lift the chin and take the wind on

to rides. face as the his he terrors for wants her held when He no reacts mind happy contented asince the riders off all other screamed. bluejay beautiful And, push hobby amiss be not it might liver theon to trails; worse he wants ride! what's she did and Man, how for is good riding that hobbyto say detail flights in lengthy his describe unthe rate,'"at liver; anythe

>. never the friends longsuffering Cat to mounted who DAVIS all that with say willthinking

rides or care tame for it did canter wild no was hobby, MRS. are unthinking thecomplacency whatsoever of canters a the hobby world! on for her. She harm."no do "it can androde—tell for,noted

kind. rarin'that a was hobby had She of a bit just will do if you But

rider it the far be from to and go riders the hobby aboutthinking myself; or a two hobby rein. the tighten HAVE to you day your in have knownyou I full I stable of a fact, in have the her took down hob that Her conclusion the to comemay they're not nags, gentle nice but poor the where licketyscoot alleys lot of harm a do can ridershobby exercised horses. I keep them a chance for show waiting skulks tabbyin a community.

fit, neigh- I ask don't but and my garbage the to explore Take community. cans—or own Take my admire or even ride me, to with bor a at sparrow a spring take community. anyyours. Take

a There thoroughbreds. was she again a robin! my Then communities three or twoTake if—neverperchance to I wild enough time gallop was when alleys and leave the would is plenty. one like, thoughyou conthink threshing my the country off through example. for an will doMine I learnverted the seeking to my the underbrush through surface, at the neighborshobbies—butcould be serene on All wasleast. Mrs. Jones and Mrs. Smith poor wild house cat that has been ed better. It can't be did—and

and Mrs. Everet and Mrs. Davis turned adrift by some heartless even if you did ride the same hobby

passed the day pleasantly when farmer. Cats a menace! Mention you wouldn't agree with me on the

to care cats the way for and a license her presence the in the weather, steed—or met, discussedthey

else sit something the that in hobnever recognize you'd of prices, the trend of saddle—orthedepression,

a visitor at one of by rider the dear lovable neighbor equally silly.whatnot—untilthe homes imported the hobby ridthat once was. Why, her perfectly I look at one neighbor riding the

ing hobby. Then things began to adorable "tegonhatsihonga"the clouds with the birds; another

happen, for as always happens no white feline rescued from the cat searching out skulking cats in the she child like a the is just Iris clinging rider to mortuary alleys, one the chosetwo same hobby—that sweet and precuddly and friend her tell you, while Path, Purple identical Even when will hobby.is, the

Mrs. Jones and Mrs. Smith took to so appreciative. Never eats dirty fers the Pure White; one pulling

bird. Mrs. leather while his steed races outthe Iris hobby, one rode the Purple things—never catches a

ridersand the other rode a Pure White Davis knows who concocted that after stamps—on and on the

steed. And the way those otherpiffle about cats exterminating song tear past without even a greeting,wise good women and neighbors birds—dog fanciers! and I sigh for the old days when

made their hobbies buck and faunch Cooking you think might be a we were a nice quiet even if dull and bite! It was scandalous. delightful hobby that would carry set, content to visit and listen to

Mrs. Everet was a timidacting double? Ohoh! Hobbies do not each other's tales of weal or woe

woman, never known to speak an carry double; neither do two hoband I wonder if Hobby Riding is

unkind word, and just naturally bies of the same name canter along good for us after all.

ashe took to the Wild Bird hobby. the bridle paths amiably. A slowgoing nag—but not

But she was never the same thereChildren? Well, now, just look thoroughbred Hobby that gives all

after. She grabbed the mane of her about you at the good women who other riders the dust! Such a hobhobby and sprang astride, sans make a hobby of their children. by may be good for the mind of

saddle, dug her spurs into his Can they agree on the important the rider, and set the liver to purrit will play hob with thetoughened flanks and gave him the features of their chosen hobby? ing—but

rein. They cannot. peace and quiet and serenity of just

Up in the air with the trusting The hobby rider is a lone rider, plain who love folks—pedestrians and visit as they journey.robins and the muchmaligned and an overbearing companion. He to chat

\U\WV ilgLJfcNVI&L THIS CALIFORNIAN LIKES ELAH a very dear feeling for the Colonies in Mexico and the good there. people covers beautiful, are short, in down The Oakdale, Jan. 15. CaL, 1935.

is, the efforts whole magazine are in vain... and. your not spentGentlemen

.. all bless Heavenly Father our in take part. May who girls find her like is this girl Elah? Where do you

guide andWHO companion as the Era spirit. true the pioneer with I read her delightful is.giving.. us. such a wonderful

like twice.article Praise her. wives to be

"Sincerely, Higginbotham. Eugene

"Mr. Mrs. and J. P. Titus."

-f i i i i i THIS ARIZONIAN ANSWERS AH, CHICAGO LIKES THE ERA

Webb, Arizona, Jan. 8, 1935. |"CAN'T tell you what a thrill I received the other day when

Dear Editors: * I opened my Era and found not only my name in print,

is this: of efforts but one well,"writes as lady a young my humble

Carl city.TOYouthe questionare simplyby "Elah"clinging myto answera virtue that every citizen from Sandburg's "I enjoy always magazine yourshould practice—"Patriotism."If the people were "Patriand read it from cover to cover, but it does add zest to know

otic"this government would not be in danger of collapse. that one has been able to add to its pages in some way."

This is God's government (See Doc. and Cov., Sec. 101, i i 1

established for a purpose, andverse 80) His people cannot TO THE RACHELOR GIRL CF NOVEMBER abortive.afford to assist in rendering that purpose

A. S. P. NUR space is so limited that we cannot hope to print much

f i 1 v>—more about the note in the November number, but here

"LIGHTS AND SHADOWS GOT RESULTS"areHyrum,a fewUtah,paragraphsin fact: from up Cache Valley way; from

APPRECIATE The Improvement Era,"writes a good "So I am convinced that one should not depart from our

J- friend from up Wyoming way. I took a copy to the local Church standards in order to get a husband or wife. Life is theatre management, showed its criticism of not worth it. Remember—'The wages of sin is death.'

and had it cancelled. "Morning Glory"was substituted in I think we would be happier in the world to come in a single

its place. I am sure that any individual in any community state than in a sinful state. Marriage is far too sacred to

who will take the trouble with tact and perseverance backed consider as a part with sin. I think that we should earnestly

up by information on the coming pictures can purify his endeavor to find husbands and wives that live the Church prize ideals. and high I believe greatly disap- I shall be theatre a large to any Mormon standardshome extent—and pointed if find I don't such pictures a companion. I think are shown."at fault improper...town is when

We cannot help but concur in this opinion. would remain single rather than choose the other type. Let'sI

f 1 i all do as Apostle Widtsoe advises: 'Be in the world but

ERA LIKED IN THE SOUTH notOUPPOSE,of it.'Mr. M Man, you were "Ana GleanerM Man."Girl instead.

WOULD like to take this opportunity to say a few things -* You would not then, according to our silly customs, have

I about The Improvement Era,"writes Geo. E. McOmber, an opportunity to choose anybody. In that case what would

Mission Secretary, Southern States Mission. "I have been an you do?

ardent reader of the Era for the last two or three years. I i -t /

deem it the most valuable magazine published for good "Dear Editor;

wholesome reading. Realizing the value of The Improvement TT seems to me that your magazine must be doing a very

Era to a member of the Church, I am endeavoring, inasmuch * wonderful work,"writes a lady from New York state.

as I am Mutual Supervisor here in the Mission, to put the Era "I found it first in a public library, and became so much into as many homes as possible. I do not know of any one interested that I even drove to the hill where the great leader

agency outside of the Missionary Corps that can do more to found his inspiration.... Now I discover that we have

raise the standards of the Saints here in this Mission, than a church in our own city. Have you ever noticed that as

The Improvement Era. Pres. Richards, since his arrival soon as one becomes interested in any subject it is easy to

here to fill the appointment as Mission President, has been learn more and more, even unexpected sources give up their endeavoring to expand the view of the Saints and to give grain of information.

them higher goals to work for. He desires to have all the "I'm at least richer because of the interest awakened by

Saints become active. I am sure that if The Improvement Era my first reading of Improvement Era.

could be in the home of every Latterday Saint here in the "Very truly,

South that his aim could be achieved in much less time. I "R. S. T."

believe that a monthly visit of The Improvement Era into the f * 1 a as as valuable Saints Latterday the of be would homes ANOTHER NOTE ELAH TO

I will to able that visit missionaries. the be hope we from article—"Is the Depression TTLAH'S the Changing VirOld this in the here greatly of increase Era the distribution J-J appeared in this magazine, has brought tues"—which Mission.

forth a great deal of comment. are only sorry that we We trip in to follow delightful your has been down "It you

space in to publish which in. all that has come the haven't familiarize myself of with then some and into to Mexico

I say "I can it very interested was in article (the in much history. interesting phases of very Montezuma

. I question) will 'Yes'answer 'No.'both Yes, and because all is family well and your that "Trusting and with you

of the ease and willingness with so characcept which many success, I remain, wishing you continued ity; they discuss the subject getting their if of just orders as brother, "Sincerely your

. a business it were proposition. I no, the say.. But with E. Geo. McOmber,

majority those of have been compelled who to take help or Secretary.""Mission

suffer...."

Y -f 1 letters so the run. And virtues old The not have may

FROM SOUTHEASTERN UTAH changed, probably have not, nearly all declare, but all recognize an emergency, "... but blame those who accept help when necessary home. in our feel the very Era is We

dire not in need. is live It a spiritual for us as guide where we do not...

we can take part in church activities.... We digest its con- i 1 /

tents from cover to cover and are always anxious for the K/TISS IVY G. MORGAN, Los Angeles, California, writes:

new edition. The article by Sister Leah Ivins Cardon touched J-v -- "I enioy every part of The Era; it is a very uplifting

our hearts for we too have lived in the Colonies, and we have and inspiring publication."

A NATIONAL BROADCAST TO WESTERN AMERICA

IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THE BEST SAVINGS

NYESTMiNTPLAHdUR NATION OFFERS, CONTACT A BENEFICIAL LIFE REPRESENTATIVE.

THERE ARE SO MANY CONVINCING

FACTS WHICH MAKE BENEFICIAL CONTRACTS OUTSTANDING.

A POLICY TO FIT YOUR PUR SEA ND PUR POSE.

A BEAUTIFUL BABY'S RECORD BOOK

HAS JUST BEEN PUBLISHED BY THE

BENEFICIAL—WE'D J.IKE YOU

TO HAVE QNE FREE—SECURE

YOUR COPY FROM OUR NEAREST REPRESENTATIVE.

h

HEBERiiitiiiiiJ. GRANT, President itfilfGEORGE J. CANNON, Executive VicePres.

-J. REUBEN CLARK, JR., First VicePres. AXEL B. C. 0HLS0N, Secretary

DAVID 0. McKAY, Second VicePres. LEO E. PENROSE, Assistant Secretary

FIELDINGJOSEPH Director. T. RALPHS, SMITH, Director Home Office Salt Lake City STEPHENORVAL W. LADAMS,CHIPMAN,DirectorDirector