--Td

ta

GkidsL in, Ztih&hhf SEE PAGE 384 YOU ASKED FOR MORE... HERB THEY ARE/

tes

RKoinp LfflP T1P T0UBS rooBs T/ie /ore oi the and color West FINGERTIP TOOHf fingertips! right at your EachFINGERTIP TOURS

W*S ANNIES FINGERTIP TOURS booklet describes the territory adjacent to a highway or in a metroMuwooDjuroncimrc If.S.80 politan area. Copies are free at

SAN DIEGO TO EL PRSO Shell dealers'everywhere.

Tw meE*np Torn mcEBTIP ommvsB ""una

SHEIL TiftRINSEB

SHELL tefgifpsffffff

Swing into your Shell dealer's for a free copy of one of

Shell's "FingerTip Tour"booklets.

There were 11 of these little "traveler's encyclopedias"last year—and did they make a hit! More than a half

million copies were distributed. Now Shell has republished the entire series. MAKE SHELL TOURING BUREAU

Each booklet is packed with colorful data about the YOUR 1940 FAIR HEADQUARTERS

West. California's old gold country—quaint Victoria in

reFrancisco, in San While British fabulous Hell's Half Acre in Wyo-—

Shell ceive mail.c/o Touryour fascinating are described. places ming—Columbia1001 such Street, ing at 100 Bureau Bush

Pick up a "FingerTip Tour"booklet before your next (A return address should be on weekend trip! Tell the Shell dealer, too, where you plan each letter.) We'll also help you

to spend your summer vacation. Shell Touring Bureau find lodgings to fit your tastes

will send you maps with the best roads specially marked andtip youpocketbook.off on whatAndtoweseecanin

for you. Also directories of resorts, trailer camps, auto San Francisco. Make yourself

courts, hotels... and other helpful information. at home, that's what Shell

Touring Bureau is for!

SHELL TOURING SERVICE THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940 rw n-< >n < > r >n < >n < > n< >n< >n< >n< >n< >n< >n<——>n<- >OC-

u

Pioneers Still!

churches, welfare CITIES and communities are made up of many things—schools,

and service organizations, music, art, recreation, agriculture, business, and industry.... But principally it is people.... People constitute the force which turns

the wheel. There would be no industry or no business without people.

Industry has its part.... Industry furnishes people a livelihood, and something besides to build schools, support churches, pay taxes, enjoy music and art, find pleasure

in recreation, and to buy the things which agriculture and business must sell to be thriving and successful.

Since the early sixties, The Metal Mining Industry of Utah has been of major importance to the State. It has been able to provide a substantial part of the opportunity for

employment. The Industry hopes that it will always be able to provide that opportunity,

and will strive to do so.

July 24 marks the 93rd anniversary of the coming of the Pioneers to Salt Lake Valley, and The Mining Industry of Utah joins in expressing gratitude to the people, in all walks of life, who have contributed so splendidly to the development of our great State.

Out of the sacrifices of the past, and our own efforts, has been built a great commonwealth, loved alike by every Utahn.... But our work is not finished.... Men and women, imbued with the Pioneer spirit of those who faced a wilderness and broke the desert

soil in Salt Lake Valley in 1847, will be needed so long as Utah is Utah.

Like the Pioneers of the past, let us all be Pioneers of our day and build a better Utah, with greater opportunities for ourselves and for our children. That path of progress is

open, and by surefooted steps, cooperation, industriousness, and determination we can keep it thus.

Let Us Be Pioneers Still!

(j THE METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH o< J 385 (Do yjDJJL JdwwWhen the method of prolonging to increase light egghours ofMmproDementEra first...387 used? was by hens "The Glory of God is Intelligence"laying

dents, received Grant, Heber J. statesmen—have

copies of the Book of Mormon?. A. Widtsoe,JULY, 1940 John Which world rulers—kings, presiVOLUME 43 NUMBER 7 391 chilfamily, parents Editors In what and

Richard L. Evans, years twentyfive dren given have

serv392 "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Marba C. Josephson,Managing Editor ofice uninterruptedto the Church?missionary

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editor

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris. General Mgr. The answers to three vital religious

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr. questions? 394

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. How to interpret the M. I. A. theme

for 194041? 395

pertaining penalties the to are (paqsL JJul dii&& What the prophecies, promises, and live people in the who AmerThree Questions Heber J. Grant 394 icas? 396

QhutePc J&aiwisA. In monwhathaslanguagerecentlythebeenBooktranslatedof MorThe M. L A. Theme David O. McKay 395 for the first time? 398

what conditions one pioneer Under Clark, Penalties, Prophecies, and Jr. 396 Blessings J. Reuben

died? 399 woman Portuguese 398 Bowers The Book of Mormon in J. Alden

libof a great American name Nicholas 399 The G, Morgan Thus Made And History Was erator falls birthday whose on E. Gillespie, Pioneer Hart 404 Jr., and Clyde Speaks John A 24th? July

Hymns Sung by Latterday Saints George D. Pyper 406 Whose revealing letters of the pio400 The Church Grain Elevators Roscoe W. Eardley 410 neer era are being published for Evidences and Reconciliations—XXVII. The Cell Theory in the first time? 404

Question John A. Widtsoe 417 Where the song "God Be With You

June Conference - 432, 433 Till We Meet Again"had its orPresentation of the Book of paign 425, 429 igin? 406

. 391 Agricultural to Rulers Stake CornBoise Mormon what instances Smith's Joseph

mittee, 424 In William Family, Clyde Missionary J. Brown Inspired Revision of the Bible has 392 430 Genealogical Mulder Page contributed simplicity to its and.414 431 Church Music Page Moves The On intelligibility? 408 Saint Enlistment National School Latterday 436 Sunday Wins

Mining Honor, Dale Turner....422 Mutual Messages: What features make the construcSpilsbury Reunion 423 Eloise Sims Orth 432 tion of the Church grain elevator

A Tribute to George Albert Adults 432 a notable achievement? 410

Smith, Irene Jones 423 Play Ball, Reed Anderson 434 What recent books may be worth

Priesthood: Melchizedek 424 Basketball Victories, Farres your reading? 412

Aaronic 427 H. Nyman 435 What anniversary of the landing of

Ward Teaching 429 BeeHive Girls 436 the ship "Brooklyn"will be comAnti - Liquor - Tobacco CamField Photos 433, 434, 435 memorated on July 31st? 414

SpstxdaL 3>&aiWdiiu Whatis beingfundamentalcalled intoscientificquestion?theory 417

to teach a child to the respect How Bolivar 400 Cannon Simon Ramona W.

neighbor's flowers? 419 of the Revision Inspired The Bible—V selected hymns been have for What Merrill B. Sperry.Sidney 408 Y. Wagoner and Van July, August, and in September

41 the Universe, Exploring FrankHardy the Churchwide hymnsinging 41 Harris, S. 387 Jr Robert Lee Pye project? 43

of the Lincoln 412 a Called Book Rack Day Whenlin On

Prayer, William Carle 389 Homing: The FlowerPicker, EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefact 447 Dorothy Herbst 419 OFFICES:

Take the Moonlight, Stella G. The Cook's Corner, Barbara 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Perry 390 B. Burnett 419 Copyright 1940. by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation 440 to Advertisers Passing Index Young of the Men's ImproveMutual The

Association ment Christ Church of the Jesus of Dalton, and Ours.448 Page Howard of a Friend—JohnRufus K. Your

Latterday Saints. rights All reserved. of Subcopy.jcUi&ualA* singlescriptionEnteredprice, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c at the Post Office, Salt Lake City.

President Grant's Message to the June Conference 416 Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

Until Released Richard L.Evans 416 for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,

At June Conference Marba C. Josephson 416 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Invincible Circle Georgia Moore 402 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Meet General Grant Marguerite Cameron 407 REPRESENTATIVES

Frontispiece: The Pioneer, Kate A Master Symphony, Adeline R. Francis M. Mavo, Salt Lake City

Thomas 393 Ensign 431 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Poetry Page 413 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 446

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF JhsL Qov&ti. CIRCULATIONS

critical in time the events, the of of the are eyes world world A uponAT it tradition of ourselves here remind means, American what what we courseliberty—and the A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

it is cost, of its price is the maintenance. photograph Gregor and what by Carola The

from Monkemeyer. (See also pages 395, 396, 400.) MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

v9h><Sx><3k><Sk><3k><3k>OK>Ok>Ok><3k><3K>Ok><3*>

Climb Higher

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. In Your Vacation

'T'he relaxation physical development, can and you make

Alpine in the progress "Y"A veryactualsmallenergyand thein soundear mustwavesbe isa mentalWhileandobtainingspiritual Term of the Summer very sensitive instrument to detect Quarter.

sound. It has been estimated that if the At Aspen Grove, a mountain village in a setting of superb beauty,

soundwave energy produced by a milyou may select from courses in Art, Botany, Economics, Education, Englion persons talking for an hour and a lish, Finance and Banking, Geography, French, German, Music, Physics, half were converted into heat it would Sociology, Drama and Speech, Zoology and Entomology; earn nine credit

inspiring lectures majestic hear climb and music; peaks, engagewarm a glass of milk. hours; in delightful interesting personalities associate with from sports; and> far near. and

\17ater is virtually incompressible "* with pressures ordinarily known Alpine Term: July 22August 24

and used, but Professor Bridgman has (Classes held on Saturdays) succeeded in compressing water into For details, write Dean of Summer Session threefourths its ordinary volume by using a special apparatus and a pressure of twenty thousand times that of Brigham Young University the atmosphere. PROVO, UTAHIDecause of the effect of the earth's

rotation on its axis, a body dropped from a distance above the earth will fall to a point east of the position directly below where the body was dropped. ( This is about three and onehalf

inches for a thousandfoot fall. ) If an

object is thrown upward vertically from the earth, when it returns the net effect, however, will leave the object west of its original position.

Tn twentyeight leading countries, the 1 largest city is more than twice as large as the next in rank.

HPhe trick of increasing egglaying by * hens through using more hours of light is over a hundred years old. A

book published in 1803 in Madrid,

Spain, told how to get more eggs during the shortday period in winter by arousing the hens from sleep and giving them food at troughs over which lamps were burning.

JITalaria mosquitoes in the Tennessee

Valley spend the winter in caves like bats, living on the accumulated fat stored in their bodies. Specimens found

in a search of the caves were all mated adult females, some of which survived as long as sixtynine days without food, at temperatures between fifty and sixty degrees Fahrenheit.

AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALLfTTwo new diseases have been dis- * covered at the University of CaliSINCE 1850 fornia. The only victims of these new

bacterial diseases are termites. One

kind of bacteria turns the head of the THERE'S A REASON—dead termites black, the other turns the LEVI

heads and legs red. They all wear lEVI'Sl

IUIany fish go through the Panama *"'S. the to according U. Canal, FREE PAIR NEW LEVI STRAUSS. A Atlantic of Fisheries.Bureau Many IF RIP THEY in fish the found have beenOcean

locks opening to the Pacific and vice NON- (Concluded on page 388) SCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

Exploring the Universe (Concluded from page 387) 'Lifts out beets versa. Of the one hundred and fiftynine species found in the Canal when

the locks are dewatered not all are able for FASTER TOPPING to adapt themselves to the change from salt to fresh water and back again, and to changes in temperature needed for a trip through the Canal.

"\17hen* a bee finds nectar, she flies "back to the hive and arouses the fellow workers by doing an excited dance. The bees are guided by a special scent given off by the discoverer

from a controllable gland, which scent she leaves in the neighborhood of the nectar. The other bees cruise around

until they find this scent, then seek for the flower. Other results reported recently by Professor von Frisch of the

University of Munich are that bees are colorblind to red, but their eyes are sensitive to ultraviolet light.

HpHAT petroleum is probably being '* formed on the earth in large quanis tities recently advanced the theory contrasting with Egloff, Dr. Gustav PUU-E* by BEETW* the usual belief that oil supplies are limthe In replaced. ited cannot be and st o on y,SS ca you oil years, discovered last been has. ( few Now better do billion barrels "rate of at a more about a can rows but you ItfoUO B"presoil used. actually that than tractor The machine. the modern are reserves total twenty ent known

and steers years'supply. billion barrels or sixteen fT whole PulU

4 Case and backmgpuUer ****"-<? m*P allpnrpose; Motor-T g—dby HPhe the i J* alone, * sneezefastesttraveldropletsat thegivenrate,off whenin a tractor d for other e with

second. start, feet of a hundred they a easy off"'he booklet easy is about the drops of diameter n The ( Xow deakrsho postal** yony end yonr Casei"Plem less. inch six of or These hundredths an Let s row p ca and you size beet results, highspeed phogained from how tration, ase P h Institute of at Massachusetts "> tography harvest lP Beet to "lugar seedbed em* g ad. Professor are used Technology, by W. cultivators prepanng **,., from of Pennsylof University the F. Wells way Send obligation rapid to explain the 'vania and wide P \io

- * <-U., influenza. r of colds spread and The T CASE /* S. S W.sw Racine, smaller droplets sneezed or coughed or branch This>V=| floor air into but the the reach not do f<** 'nJrestt

'to instantaneously evaporate almost Brand 7 New Dt.FT

are easily 6ffr nuclei that tiny they so small Beet / lightest currents. air carried by the lents

Booklet A new patent covers the production ** and processing of a crimped, woollike fiber made from nylon.

> WEDDING INVITATIONS $ the of Liberia, canebrakes on the Tn ANNOUNCEMENTS AND A lives coast of Africa, a species west is propFIRE! declared on oi wise Thousands

feet. length rat fire whoseertyWAR!! is two body against with crusading are owners 100 for $4.50 of

BED COMET equipment. Protect your lives and

niceproperty a be Tomorrow TODAY. may invitations with enWhile paneled two of buildings but thousands beday star grass runner, the from 7V giant of Script or English lost. choice developes; Old of livesstroyed dozens and willACT NOW! ** late! time other too beSome may Printing grass, 24 Service family as same Hour Bermuda

Write fifty feet five onein almost and Postage prepaid when remittance accompanies grew INC. RED COMET, it left that half the time months from

Bldg., Littleton, Colorado order Comet 787 Red

plant. grass leviathan the parent This

from East Africa makes not only good PRESS HOVEY V. J. NELSON is also especially but pasture and hay PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS Salt 9th 403 North West Lake City, Utah 25DANCEEast No. Lake City—Was. 9672 Temple—Salt it for control suitable because erosion Phone 6139-W Wasatch

covers so much ground.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

views of the Senate, I do by this proclamation designate and set apart Thursday, the 30th day of

April, 1863, as a Day of National

Humiliation.

"'Done at the City of Washington, this 30th day of March, A. D.

By WILLIAM CARLE 1863.'"The turning point in the military

history of the rebellion came during the month of July, 1863. In that

month fell Vicksburg... and in

Having carried for some time an that month was fought the battle of uncertain opinion concerning Gettysburg, by which the last frantic an event in our nation's hiseffort to invade the North was tory, I addressed a letter to the frustrated."

Librarian of Congress asking for inThese two battles were fought at formation. had referMy question the time. same My father, Uriah Presto the Civilence War: "Did Carle, fought at Gettysburg, and a

ident Lincoln call for a day of prayer cousin of his, Jason Carle, died there.

at a time when a long series of My deceased wife's father, Robert crushing defeats had made the Union A. Henderson, fought at Vicksburg.

cause seem well nigh hopeless; and After these two battles, which were

did the tide of battle immediately the first important conflicts after the turn in favor of the Union?"Day of Prayer and Humiliation, the

I quote now from the Librarian's war was almost a continuous series reply of victories for the Union....

"Whenever the occasion seemed "If my people, which are called to require, Lincoln called his people by name, shall humble themselves, to their knees in supplication or and pray, and seek my face, and turn thanksgiving, as on March 10, 1863, and set apart a Day for National from their wicked ways; then will I

when he announced a Day of NaPrayer and Humiliation... now, hear from heaven, and will forgive

tional Prayer and Humiliation.... therefore, in compliance with the their sin, and will heal their land."

This message was born of the bitter request, and fully concurring in the (2 Chr. 7; 14.)

disappointments and agonies of the dark days of 1863, days made terrible by the crushing defeat at

Fredericksburg. The whole land was

burdened with taxes, stricken with sorrow, and harrowed by sentiments of treason. The national debt hadgrown until, on February 2, 1863, NOWthe public credit reached the lowest

point in our history. Many regiments in the army of the Potomac

had not received pay for six months.

Beaten under Burnside, decimated and penniless, the Army of the

Potomac had lost its morale, and six hundred desertions were reported daily. Northern editors were clamoring for peace at any price, and

Greeley wrote to the President, 'I venture to remind you that the bleeding, bankrupt, almost dying country longs for peace.'

in this extremity that Sen- "It was in yourhome ator of Harlan Iowa called protects and hides plaster the forSANITAS every... an old nameroomfor DuraSANITAS

to clean bility, is for Beautyl a name Known to the new recognition of JesusSenate stainproof—easy

It off. or for spatter wipes right of years in thousands many ofresolution theChrist in solemn its for washable permanently quality, Sanitas homes—smudgecracks.is completelyIt wearing tough and

fered in the Senate at the crucial now makes its bow in a lovely array of with mild soap and water. It wears

of newness. for beautiful keeps its look in the years and

for redecois base in the Sanitas a permanentmoment and adopted without a discolorsliving androom patterns—asas it is serviceable

senting vote.... kitchen. ration with paint.

"In his proclamation in response Get all the amazing facts about SANITAS from your LOCAL to the resolution of the Senate, Mr. WALLPAPER DEALER.

Lincoln speaks for himself: DISTRIBUTED BY

"'Whereas the Senate of the ARMSTRONGEIVGBERG WALL PAPER CD.

States, recognizing devoutlyUnited CD. authority the supreme just govHEMETT GLASS & PAINT and

ernment of God in all the affairs of W. P. FULLER & CD.

men and nations, has by resolution DURABLE... DECORATIVE... completely WASHABLE

requested the President to designate

TAKE THE MOONLIGHT iSg&gSgSSgSS*

By STELLA G. S. PERRY

"Do you ask me to take moonlight for

Arlington Robinson. the sun?"—Edwin

HOTEL colleges, high schools and

AS WORLDFAMOUS AS From steadily they come, thousands of them—young men and

maidens with dreams in their eyes and, in their hands, lassoes of hope with which to capture stars. WtMM And, seeing them as if ourselves

in retrospect, thousands of us, older men and women, smile grimly in our disappointments, or sigh, remembering. But there are anodyne

and compensation. We, who have

not reached the sun for which we aspired, or for which we still long in vain, need not grieve at all, either for ourselves or, in prophecy, for the young. We can still be happy

and rewarded and so can they—by

consenting to accept the moonlight.

Spacious rooms and suites, handThere was a minor poet of rare somely furnished. San Francisco's gifts. A generation ago, every colrpHERE is a woman, born to be a

traditionally famous cuisine in the legian quoted him. Today few know mother, with gifts for that as

unique Garden Court. Most conhis name, though what he wrote was definite as an artist's for his brush.

veniently situated for all transportamemorable. In his illness, toward the Barred by an accident from that

tion, and for the 1940 Exposition. end of his life, when he foresaw that chief hope, she has mothered orthis waning fame might be his, this phans and the neglected, has done

poet said, "Those of you who are lifelong service in movements for ardent and young and delight in my the welfare of children, has brought poetry will be the happier for it, I pleasure to small hospital cots, bethink, and will recall it all your lives. come the repository of many sad or

That is compensation for me. Limfunny little confidences, and written

ited, yes. But so, in the end does all verse and tales that bring her painfame pass. If my work blesses only fully printed and slantingly written

for a while, it is for that while letters from children far and near.

blessed.""It was meant to be broader than

There was a young man who just my arms,"she thinks.

planned to become a physician, How do they differ, the moonlight

SUGAR thought of himself as a physician faces, from the thousands of darkADDED inhoodembryo,to thatbentend.his lifeHardfromcircumboy- pointedened countenancesones? of other disapDELICIOUS Church's stance put sudden burdens upon Only in this—they keep themGrape Juice is made from him. He had to forego the hope of selves undeviatingly turned toward

luscious, vineripened medical training, had to labor for the sun of their desires! Never give

Concord grapes. May be others at work he did not like. But up that aspiration. Never look into

diluted to laste. Try it I he has had a happy life. The comthe shade. Some keep hoping to be

munity in which he passed it has lifted to the glory, and, indeed, some better sanitation, healthier schools, are so raised at last.

safer motherhood, heartier babies, But you think, perhaps, that because of him. Neighbors'children moonlight is cold, a cold comfort?

bring him their little hurts for comNo, indeed. Here nature comes to

fort and their ill or injured pets for help our allegory. Moonlight is not

healing. He, too, has enabled a poor cold! The full moon's face, astronlad to study surgery. He worked omers tell us, is burning hot; it glows

well in the moonlight, and was glad. with a temperature of 212 degrees

I knew a violinist when he was Fahrenheit. Moonlight, for all its

young and had just come to Amerihalcyon serenity, is not cold.

ca, star pupil of that European And it stays in the sky at day's teacher several of whose other disend, after the sunset, and until the ciples now shine in the sun. Somenew dawn.

how this one did not. Later in life, May all reach the sun of their dehe said, "But I teach—I hated to sires! But, whether or not, let all

their faces turned toward how too, illumines youngGHURGHS teach—butI have one I teach,pupil—butmy friend!wait! keepMoonlight,

for him!"The brightness of many who take the moonlight here 8BAFE JPICE Wait us! Andit.

the moon was on his face. will find the sun hereafter!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

Presentation of the Book ******** of Mormon to Rulers of the World

shall proclamation be This made corners four to thethe of the world, kings to all s presidentelect,thereof, to the honorable of the na-, t governors the highmindedand tion in which you live, and to all the nations scattered abroad. (Doctrine and

Covenants 124:3, January 19, 1841.)

of the Church FrodshamGeorge has of Education Department compiled the following list of

Book of Mormon presentations which 17 Drive Miles West written has confirmed fromhe

S. 40 or U. Take reports Z&P* On histories, etc.) (journals, and through Electric Train Fast

correspondence. Some were prefrom 10th West andsented personally, some through the vnS#K No. Temple.

agency of court personalities, and some were simply sent by mail. A

great many of them represent intensely interesting stories. RELAX OH

Persons knowing of other presentations of the Book of Mormon to kings, presidents, rulers, and men of state, are requested to send advice, with authentic references, to the Church Depart- &*ltlif'* ment of Education, 47 East South

Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah, attention George Frodsham.

Queen Victoria of England, 1842,

Lorenzo Snow.

King Frederick VII of Denmark, 1851,

Erastus Snow.

of Hawaii, April 10,King Kalakua mm Richards. 1877, Henry P.

Queen Kapiolani of Hawaii, October 31, 1877, Henry P. Richards.

Queen Emma of Holland, 1890, Francis E. Brown.

and NorKing Oscar II of Sweden 1&

Deluxe Bathing 22, 1897, September way, M. J.

Sjodahl. From Main PaviUonSSc New

Governor Theodore Roosevelt of New

York, later President of the United COFFEE SHOP

States, 1900, Ben E. Rich. Serves

of MusuhitoEmperor Japan, December DANCING Dinners - Lunches Taylor Alma O. 6, 1909,

Empress Haruko of Japan, December Nightly (Ex. Sun.) to Sandwiches - Beverages

6, 1909, Alma O. Taylor. AT CITY PRICES

Crown Prince Yoshihito, later Emperor NATIONALLYFAMOUS of Japan, December 6, 1909, Alma O. ORCHESTRAS

Taylor.

Crown Princess Sadako, later Empress

Taylor. of Japan, December 6, 1909, Alma O. '*RoundTrip Train Fare & Admission, 25c; Auto Gate Admission, 15c

Queen Liliuokalani of Hawaii, Abraham Fernandez.

9, Albert of Belgium,King October E INDEPENDENT Train, for LEADERSHIP!* President 1919, Grant. Heber Other Vocation so Profitable J. No

obtainfinest training requires career the Your Elizabeth Belgium, of OctoberQueen of Busilargest able. the College Woodbury, ENROLL NOW

in the Arts Professional Administration ness 9, President 1919, and Heber J. Grant.

For a Complete at the Course offers scientifically training directed West, which of thePresident Taft William Howard salaries start to higher enables at graduates and

United States, November, 1921, win quicker advancement.

President Heber J. Grant. ing,CoursesSecretarialin BusinessScience,Administration.Foreign Trade, AccountJournal- Quish School of Beauty Culture

ism, SecretariMerchandising, of Franklin Radio Movie Roosevelt and D.Governor Best in The the West

al, in with Bachelor years. Shorter two Degree later President of the 336340 New York, S. Main, American Bldg., also Art, Courses; Commercial Commercial CosStates, Interior Design, Decoration, tume United EcoJuly 2, 1930, President Home SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

nomics. Grant. Heber J. For Further Information Activities, Athletics, for Social Deseret Club

President Thomas G. Masaryk of Mormon students. Supervised student homes. or Catalog Call

1,500 positions filled annually. than 7560 or PartWasatch Czechoslovakia, 1930, Arthur Gaeth. Moretime provided. Free catalog. State course work

Fill in ThisPresident desired. of CzechoBenes Eduard

slovakia, July 19, 1937. Inscribed Coupon

President Grant by and preHeber J. 1023WOODBURYUHLSHIRE BLVD LOSCOLLEGEANGELES CALIf sented F. Toronto. by Wallace

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

New, low Summer fares make BROTHER AND SISTER SAMUEL J. JOHNSON'S MISSIONARY FAMILY

President Liner The parents sent the children; the children sent the parents.

Seated, left to right: B. LaVern, Cora Allied Johnson, Brother Samuel Joseph Johnson, Joseph E., and

Ernest F. Johnson.

Standing, left to right: R. Melvin, James G., Milford I., Verna V., and L. Douglas Johnson. Absent when

picture was taken: S. Glen Johnson and Elvira J. Shumway. Deceased: Benjamin R. Johnson.

The family is large in size as well as numbers: the average height is six feet, two inches; the average

weight, 210 pounds.ORIENT

I. in to New York

1933California, to MISSIONARY FAMILY 192628;192931; B.MilfordLaVern

By William Mulder 35; S. Glen to California in 193436; L.CRUISES ffl"T"|]hou shalt go forth as a horn of. Douglas to Tasmania, 193538. Daughthis year's finest strength to preach to the people ters Verna V. and Elvira served as partvacation opportunity..."Thefrom wordsthe nationsof the oldof thepatriarchearth finally,time missionariesin 1938, Brotherin Arizona.and SisterAnd

were soulfiring-—but times were hard: Johnson rounded out a quarter century

a man and team could earn only a of continuous missionary work in their

TO JAPAN, CHINA, PHILIPPINES dollar and a half a day, and work at family by themselves responding to a call fulltime in serve mission to a scarce. in that Morewas pay Mesa

31st, Ameriand Between July now just California, they from which have sixteenyear-old over, Samuel the

First special offer President 'Lines can children, returned. having been The in love Johnson was (Jodie) Joseph the via fares to Orient, Class roundtrip in their sent parents, sent turn by now out he was years before were two and

as the Route, Sunshine and Hawaii low his call them. the time Brother of At married.

this: as and Japan To Japan $480; president serving the of as was Johnson left herself Allred found Cora May Philthe and China Japan, China $547; Prescott Sister Branch, Arizona, where her husat while time a alone a week

First ippines Class and $630-—roundtrip Relief has veteran been Society Johnson his to on work team drove away band

all Francisco the way. Cruise San from president. winning of job canal. the grim The

Pacific's of ships the one famous most on of Twentyfive uninterrupted years desert the living soon shadowed from a every outside, stateroom high amidwith service missionary able parthe part of being of ever on Jodie's hope young ship, pool, and an outdoor swimming fill ents family of matter the mission. and hope was But a children—a if anywhere, food. grand Stopover you

their pride willing his prayer and and became sacrifice—had totransferred—it wish.

their in long beginning his that Preswife's, 1876, as determination, ago when children should have that privilege. ident Brigham Young called Brother

MANILA DIRECT18 DAYS There was another, equally strong, Johnson's father and mother, Benjamin

President Lines reduced Cruise Season desire: to be endowed in the temple. Samuel Johnson and Susan Elvira Marfares also apply to these fastest crossings President Heber J. Grant, then Apostle, tineau, to join the vanguard of pioneers

to the Philippines, now offered by Presihad sealed the young couple on his and communitybuilders into the wastes dent Lines'chartered "City Ships."From visit to Salt River Valley, but there of Arizona. It was a life mission, from

San—FirstFranciscoClass, toroundtrip.Manila, 18HongdaysKong($61522 wasSt. George,a longinga fartojourney.go to theBytemplethe timeat which"Grandfather"they wereBenjaminneverSamuel,released.son

days ($604). Singapore 27 days ($703). their first child was a year old, they of Patriarch Benjamin Franklin JohnPenang 29 days ($729). had saved only half enough, and when son (who had been closely associated

a group was ready to make the trip, with the Prophet Joseph Smith as his

ROUND THE WORLD the Johnsons still lacked a wagon. They secretary), continued faithful to his call

their tithing until savings their of for out sixtythree years, in paid May, via California, or York From HaNew of the assurance bishop's result of received the accident as 1939, died an and he waii, Straits China, Philippines, Japan, blessings. in at his a few Lord's Within the regular the while post Mesa

Italy India, Settlements, Egypt, Ceylon, it horse; the fulfillment a of days, In needed the someone he Temple. saw across again the sunny South and home in return, him, supplied in that and promise Johnsons a remain would he

First Atlantic. Class (rail from $1049 wagon, the covered the until to received needed service the active Church

all fare across included), America $1143 barrel. the to fully water even in equipped end. her "Grandmother"Johnson

Liner. the President Stopovers by way children of the eighties late coming serves on. more With anywhere.

all, in died is the in ten (one faithpromoting Satisfying boys twelve and details sailing dates and Get from any Sister Johnsons infancy) perspective and two and Samgirls—the St., or at California Travel Agent 311 fulfil eldest their uel dream. to labored The and Cora Jodie Joseph Johnson—theof Brother Francisco. San field, the into mission the and they of sweetheart view son went days—as

Brother Johnson mortgaged his farm, course of their life's labors: "We have

moved to a road camp with his family, almost lived our lives and haven't acAMERICAN to keep him. Typhoid struck, the farm cumulated a thing, but we wouldn't

lost, the of testimonies the trade spared, and our children were but lives PRESIDENT LINES was fill missions: for all to the world."riches in the continued Joseph boys They

RoundWorld Service E. to Mississippi in 191618; James G. regard as richly fulfilled the blessing:

to Kentucky in 192022; Benjamin R. "Thou shalt go forth as a horn of

to Alabama, 192325; R. Melvin to strength to preach to the people from

Florida, 192426; Ernest F. to Illinois, the nations of the earth."

Photograph by Sullivan C. Richardson

plain. barren All is not my soul!Courage, with dead; long and strewed be the way What though His word is sure who knoweth all thy pain. JhjL (pionsuUv

Lift up thine eyes! His heaven is overhead.

Praise God! Praise God!

on,v On—on—pressHis sun broke through the night. might.His love is all His

C'ourage, my soul! Yon is the Promised Land.

There shall white winter make thee no more cold;

There shalt thou rest thee of the burning sand;

Sweet streams shall lave thee, smiling dreams enfold.

Praise God! Praise God!

Deem not the conquest vain.

on On—on—press sorrow is thy gain. Thy

Draise God, my soul! Behold the desert flowers.

Nations and tongues and peoples turn their feet

Towards a fair land, made fair by weary hours.

Lift up thine eyes! Thy triumph is complete.

By KATE THOMAS HisPraiseloveGod!makesPraisetrial God!light.

on On—on—press The Promised Land is bright!

& it tV sjhB EDITOR'S PAGE'JhhsuL Qwi&tumA, HThat are answered with indecision by some, but which are answered with affirmative and unhesitating conviction by every true latterday saint.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

rHEN I was in England many years ago, I purwell-beloved Son, and told the boy to listen to Him.

think we would baptize a man who would W chased a book entitled The Young Man and Do you the World. The book was written by the late say, "I do not believe in the revelations that Joseph

Senator from Indiana, Albert J. Beveridge. It was Smith received; I do not believe that Jesus Christ

written originally as a series of contributions to appeared to Joseph Smith in the Kirtland Temple"?

The Saturday Evening Po$tt after which it was We believe that He appeared to him there. We

compiled in book form. believe that not only did Jesus Christ appear there,

In one chapter, "The Young Man and the Pulas recorded in the One Hundred Tenth section of pit,"the author said that a certain individual with the Doctrine and Covenants, but that Moses, and a very splendid opportunity of securing answers Elias, and Elijah appeared, and that they gave to interrogations, during an entire summer vacation Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery all the keys of asked every minister with whom he came in contact the dispensations of the Gospel that have existed three questions: upon the earth. We announce these things to the

First: "Yes or no; do you believe in God the people of the world.

believe that when you die you will live again intelligence—notFather, God a person,a congeriesGod a ofdefinitelaws andfloatingtangiblelike youSenator Beveridge's third question was: "Do

a fog through the universe; but God, a person in as a conscious intelligence, knowing who you are

whose image you were made? Don't argue; don't and who other people are?"

explain; but is your mind in a condition where you Again, not a man answered "Yes."They hoped

can answer yes or no?"so, rather believed so, but there were some rather

Not a minister answered "Yes,"but they all serious objections, and they said we could not gave a lot of explanations to the effect that we know such things.

could not be sure about such things. Is there a Latterday Saint living who has been

What is the condition of the Latterday Saints? in the temple and been married there for time and

Suppose a man were to stand up and say, "I do not eternity who could not answer that question in believe that God ever visited the Prophet Joseph the affirmative? It would be ridiculous and absurd

Smith."We would say, "Well, wait until you do to go through the temple and have such a ceremony

believe it,"before we would baptize him. Every performed if we did not have an unshakeable

true Latterday Saint believes beyond the shadow knowledge and conviction that we would exist as of a doubt that God did appear to Joseph Smith. separate individualities beyond the grave.

The next question was: "Yes or no; do you Referring to these ministers, Senator Beveridge

believe that Christ was the Son of the living God, said that they were particularly eminent ministers.

sent by Him to save the world? I am not asking One of them had already won a distinguished

whether you believe that He was inspired in the reputation in New York and the New England sense that the great moral teachers are inspired—States for his eloquence and piety. Every one of

nobody has any difficulty about that. But do you them had had unusual success with fashionable

believe that Christ was God's very Son, with a congregations.

divinely appointed and definite mission, dying on I remember as I read this book while in England is with custom raised the the many from or cross, and my no?"-—it dead—yes the of margin ments on minister "Yes."answered not a single Again, the pages—Ibooks towrote:write com-"AlThe sum total of their answers was that He was bert Beveridge was the man who asked those

the greatest moral teacher that ever lived. I mainquestions."When I got home I made inquiry and

tain that He could not possibly have been a moral found that I was correct. They were altogether

teacher if He were not the Son of God, because too much to the point to be hearsay. I learned that

that was the foundation of His teachings. He came not only did he ask the questions of the ministers

as the Son of God to do the will of God, and He he met, but he wrote letters to ministers, the sum announced that those who had seen Him had virtotal being about three hundred, all of which tually seen God, because He was in the image of brought indecisive answers.

God. When I think of the knowledge that we possess

Again, no man would be baptized into this as individuals, then think of these men, professed

Church who did not believe that God himself inteachers of Christianity, professed ministers of the troduced His Son to the boy Joseph Smith as His Gospel of Jesus Christ (Concluded on page 438)

THE M.I.A. THEME

19401941 By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Of the First Presidency

Superintendent Morris, Presto a worthy trust who brings dis- 'KEEP THY FATHER s honor to the name he bears. Ringident Lucy Grant Cannon, "1VTY SON Members of the General COMMANDMENT, AND ing through twenty centuries comes

Boards, M. I. A. Officers and FORSAKE NOT THE LAW OF THY the impressive message that "NothTeachers from various parts of the MOTHER* ing is more noble, nothing more

United States, Canada, and Mexico, "Bind them continually venerable than fidelity. Faithfulin behalf of the First Presidency of upon thine heart, and tie ness and truth bear the most sacred

the Church, I bid you welcome to them about thy neck. excellencies and endowments of the

this the Fortyfifth Annual Conven- "When thou goest, it human mind."

tion of the Improvement Mutual thee; lead Asshall when thou Moral Couragesociations of the Church. This welit keep thee; sleepest, shall

come includes the officers and teachand when thou awakest, it JVoral courage springs from siners of the Primary Association. shall talk with thee."cerity, the unassuming, most This is one of the very few occa-—Proverbs 6:2022. substantial virtue of the human soul.

sions, if not the first, in many years Everyone experiences a thrill at a that President Grant has not greeted feat involving physical courage; but

blessedyou in person, and you with the inspiration presence of his and Thisthegreetingtheme byandPresidentinterpretationMcKayof thelaurelsgreatestin manifestationsheroes have wonof moraltheir advice. I was with President Grant keynoted the opening session of the courage. Take for example John the

just one hour ago, and he had planForty-fifth Annual Conference of the Baptist denouncing the sensual ned to be here, but was advised by MutualYoung Men'sImprovementand YoungAssociations,Women'sin Herod; Peter before the Sanhedrin;

his counselors and his doctor not to the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, at 10 Paul in a Roman dungeon; Luther

use for other purposes the strength a. m., Friday, June 7, 1940. at the Diet of Worms; Joseph Smith

which is now being conserved so facing Carthage and martyrdom;

remarkably in the recovering of his and Christ before Pilate and on the health and vigor. I bring you his law of thy mother,"especially in the Cross.

love and blessing. hour of temptation, indicates moral The story is told of a boy who was

I extend my congratulations to courage. "Bind them continually a total abstainer and who was about

these Era workers who have repreupon thine heart, and tie them about to be apprenticed to a trade. The

sented their stakes and missions in thy neck"means figuratively the foreman of the place offered him a receiving honor and recognition for cherishing of high ideals. "When glass of beer, but the lad refused,

their accomplishments here this thou goest, it shall lead thee; when saying he never drank such stuff.

morning. It is significant to note the thou sleepest it shall keep thee; and Somewhat irritated, the foreman said

strong representation from Califorwhen thou awakest, it shall talk with angrily: "We have no teetotalers

nia, and to hear that one of the Calithee"expresses impressively the in this place.""You'll have one if

fornia stakes has for four years led value and rewards of a clear conyou have me,"said the lad. More

the Church in placing The Improvescience. irritated than ever the foreman cried

ment Era in the homes of our peoThus we have connoted in this "Look here, boy, you must have this ple. great, admonishing theme Fidelity, beer inside or outside!""Well,"

It has been reported also that Moral Courage, High Thinking, and answered the little fellow, "you can sir; I came here thisa special train filled with M. I. A. Peace of Mind as the result of a please yourself,

workers arrived here from California Clear Conscience. morning with a clean jacket, and a

this morning. There seems to be clean character. You can soil my

something behind the suggestion of Fidelity jacket if you like, but you cannot one of my friends that we move the [ ove is the highest attribute of the spoil my character."That is moral

headquarters of the Church to Calihuman soul, and fidelity is love's courage.

fornia. We might consider it if they noblest offspring. To be the worthy Lord Bacon said:

had a better climate down there. son or the worthy daughter of noble It is a pleasure to stand upon the shore

( Laughter. far tossing ships sea; see the and on away is the parents greatest of reone

it in castle pleasure to stand the is a window son, father's thy keep commandment, sponsibilities My of youth, of the one battle the look the and upon and down the forsake not of thy mother. lawand life. duties of important Disloyalty thereof; adventures pleasure but is comno thine continually heart, Bind them upon

to standing parable the vantageis upon to righteous parents as reprehentie thy themand about neck.

truth. of ground is sible it as disloyalty to shall goest, thou thee; There God. lead when When

it sleepest, shallthou thee; keep in trust and when a sacred sonship which as always, Today, need men we it shall thee.thou talk awakest, with violated. never should be the Most and courage have women who (Proverbs 6:2022.)

children inherit good names, and it to think right, to speak right, and

Upholding your father's ideals imis their bounden duty to keep those to do right!

plies fidelity. "Forsaking not the names unblemished. He is recreant (Continued on page 438)

speak to the youth of the Church. PROPHECIES,

Out of the ancient past has come

I to us the wisdom which is to lead you in your work for the next year PENALTIES,

My son, keep thy father's commandment, forsakeand not the law of thy mother. and.

6:20.)(Proverbs

Your presiding officers have asked me to say something to you about that particular aspect of these words BLESSINGSof wisdom which touches us in our association together as a civil govBY ernment. itself scriptural text the While J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. Israel PalPRESIDENT ancientcomes and from

estine, yet it has a deep and vital Of the First Presidency meaning to and for us of this land the land of Zion. the American hemisphere. QofiSMiinq ChnsihkcL,

From the very beginning of man's there have been comlife on earth, for laws and IXibahfy,, and Ujl our fathersmandments and thatfor our mothers were basic to (pAiaL happiness, prosperity,the peace, and indeed existence, of those who possess the Americas. VOU YOUTH OF THE CHURCH WITH THESE GODGIVEN PROMISES

One of the great motifs running AND PROPHECIES BEFORE YOU, DO NOT LET YOURSELVES BE through the whole Nephitic and STAMPEDED INTO THIS PANIC OF FEAR.... If SUBJUGATION SHALL

Jareditic records is that this land of COME, IT WILL COME BECAUSE WE HAVE REACHED A "FULNESS OF ours "is a land which is choice INIQUITY,"AND NOT BECAUSE WE FAIL TO TAKE ON THE HORRORS OF above all other lands,"consecrated THIS WAR. IT IS RIGHTEOUSNESS, NOT THE HATES OF HUMAN

to the blessing of those dwelling SLAUGHTER, OF WHICH THIS NATION STANDS NOW IN NEED.

thereon while they shall live righteously, but plagued with a curse for seed and has tried to raise up from shall ripened becomethem when they in iniquity. is the This law by which THISmonitionsummaryfor ofthethefuturepast,ofandAmerad- themHim anda peoplewould thatnot departwould fromworshipthe

God measures His bounties and ica and its people was presented by ways of His righteousness—a peometes out His punishments to the President Clark to the closing session ple that would work towards this

Conference FortyFifth Annual the of in this land. dwellingpeoples destiny. For thousands Godgiven

the Young and Young of Mens for great consecration this purhas impeded years Satan A first Improvement Asof Mutual Women's blessing came when God planted sociations, in the Tabernacle, Salt pose. But God's plan will finally

hereon the Garden of Eden, and Lake City, at 7:00 p. m Sunday, prevail.

placed therein our first parents. The June 9, 1940. After the Flood and "the waters

primal curse came to it when "Adam had receded from off the face of this having fallen that man might be"(2 land,"the Lord declared through

Nephi 2:25), God said to him: literal descendants of Lehi. ( Ether His prophet His dedication that this

"... cursed shall be the ground for 13:5 ff; 1 Nephi 14:1, 2; 2 Nephi had become a "choice land above all

thy sake."{Moses 4:23.) 10:18.) And finally, it is here on other lands, a chosen land of the

This has always been a mighty this hemisphere that Zion shall Lord; wherefore the Lord would

land in God's plan. It was in the finally be built. (Tenth Article of have that all men should serve Him

valley of Adamondi-Ahman that Faith. ) It is this fact and this purwho dwell upon the face thereof."

Adam, prior to his death, called the pose, the building of Zion on this (Ether 13:2.)

great High Priests together and hemisphere, which is Zion, which The first attempt to set up a rightthere bestowed upon them his last seem to be the dominant elements in eous people after the Flood, came blessing. The Lord appearing all of God's dealing with them who when, at Babel ( Omni 22 ), the Lord

there, his posterity proclaimed Adam possess this land, for Isaiah, speak- "swore in His wrath that they should to be Michael, the Prince, the Arching more than two thousand five be scattered upon all the face of the angel. <D. and C. 107:53, 54.) It hundred years ago, declared that earth"(Ether 1:33), and Jared and

is to that same spot that Adam, as "out of Zion shall go forth the law, his brother, he to whom the Lord the Ancient of Days, shall come to and the word of the Lord from Jerusaid, "for never has man believed in visit his people (D. and C. 116), salem."(Isaiah 2:3.) me as thou hast"(Ether 3:15),

when judgment shall be set and the Thus America's ultimate Godwere guided to these shores. They

books opened. ( Daniel 7: 9 ff; Revgiven destiny, planned by the Crecame with a blessing and an overelation 20:4.) ator and testified by ancient and hanging judgment. The promised

It is here on this land that the modern prophecy and revelation, is blessing was this:

New Jerusalem shall be built "unto that out of her shall go forth the law. Behold, this is a choice land, and whatthe remnant of the seed of Joseph"Time and time again, God has soever nation shall possess it shall be free

ourselves and those others, the brought to this land His choicest from bondage, and from captivity, and from

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

ing of wickedness; then must have

come the extortion and oppression of the poor by the rich; then retaliation

and reprisal by the poor against the rich; then would come a cry to share

the wealth which should belong to all; then the easy belief that society

owed every man a living whether he worked or not; then the keeping of a

great body of idlers; then when community revenues failed to do this, as

they always have failed and always will fail, a selfhelping by one to the goods of his neighbor; and finally

when the neighbor resisted, as resist he must, or starve with his"family, then death to the neighbor and all that belonged to him. This was the

decreed "fulness of iniquity,"

Then came the end; the Jaredites

were wiped out in accordance with "the everlasting decree of God."A

nation had been born; it had grown

to maturity; then to a powerful manhood; had then gone on to sin, decay,

and destruction, and all because its people had refused to heed the promises and commandments of Him who is their Creator and Father, all because the people who possessed the land had failed "to serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ."

(Ether 2:12.)

Before God's first effort had come to its final tragedy, He had begun

His second.

In the reign of Zedekiah, king of

Judah, and just before the great

Babylonish captivity, two groups left

Jerusalem, under the Lord's direcLIBERTY BELL Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts. tion, to escape the fate then pending

Israel, effort for to and make a new all other nations under heaven, iniquity."of rerecord The to in build the righteous a but the the of serve God land, whoif theyis Jesuswill cites:ness

..Christ. 2:12.). (Ether land. promised which Of one—thatpeople And there began now to be a great curse

the of people founded Zarahemla all the upon land of the because iniquity overhanging judgment The was little, the of if in people, that save they which, were know a should we lay manthis:

his tool his or his shelf, sword or upon later the of absorbed people by Moit shall that possess Wherefore, doth he the place upon it, whither he would keep siah. verses 1419.) (Omni, itserve off; shall is or for be swept We God behold, the upon find morrow, could he not

itthe everlasting is their of decree records. not have do God. (Omni, And it, so great the curse was the land. upon

until fulness thenot iniquity of the among other, verse of 18.) the the Wherefore, every But did cleave unto man

children of that land, the are they swept that his which his was own, with hands, and their family descendants, of Lehi andoff. (Ether 2:10.) not would borrow, neither lend; he would the of of bulk the Book Mormon every and hilt kept the of his in man until that sword the price From day now, full gives us account. a his right in the hand, defense of his propertyof the promised blessing has always

life, his and Lehi, their Ishmael, his with own of and famwives, and and willbeen, be, ever the serving and children. (Ether 14:1, 2.) ilies, this to land choice "a came

of Christ, the land. this of Jesus God all lands, other land above a chosen prophet The Ether warned them is otherThere to the no get way the of Lord,"with the if promthat same they did all repent, not butblessing to nor escape the judgment. ised blessings overthe and same the leader should destroyed. be factThis forgotten. never must be hanging that judgments were ff.) made (Ether 13:20 Repentance did his brother While Jared and were his brother. to Jared and not come.

their families them,among posand angelic with Beginning rebuke an terity lived for the blesspromised the stepby-step are not given Ytfz to Lemuel, and Laman who were ings. land the The was tamed; backsliding of this civJareditic their smiting brethren younger with

flocksherds multiplied; the earth and ilization the till it reached social and a rod (1 3:28, Nephi 29), down

its riches;yielded the people "did governmental sets chaos the record through a years thousand of recurwax strong in the land"(Ether 6: out, but those steps seem wholly ring days of righteousness and

18); they became exceedingly rich. clear from the results. Put into boundless blessings, intermixed with

(Ether 10:28.) modern terms, we can understand repeating days of sin, turmoil, war,

Then came dissension, then wars, them. First there was a forsaking even to final destruction, the Lord

then wickedness, and finally a "fulof the righteous life, and the work- (Continued on page 440) delayed because most of it was done in spare time, the second translation was finished in March, 1939. Between this time and about December

1 5 of the same year, the book had been revised and corrected through three proofs. To expedite the work,

the Elders of the Sao Paulo District assigned to Portuguese activity undertook a comparison of the footnotes with the original in English, and also did a great deal of work in supplying the page numbers required in the index references.

At this point, when everything was nearly ready to be printed, lack of wood pulp suitable for the paper ( former European sources were cut off) delayed the work another month. But the first copies, beauFIRST COPY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON IN PORTUGUESE

tiful to look at and well bound, more than made up for the many delays which had occurred in the printingJfo of schedule. BOOK MORMON There are those who believe that

the delay was not only worth waiting for, but a good thing for the IN PORTUGUESE work in general. When the work

was first started, there were no missionaries, March 15, 1940, the first By J. ALDEN BOWERS Portuguesespeaking

copy of the Book of Mormon for missionary activity in this newONin the Portuguese language President of the Brazilian Mission language is less than two years old.

was received from the printer, markThe Brazilian Mission was a Gering the culmination of a project Like all good things, the Book of manspeaking mission until governstarted almost two and a half years Mormon in Portuguese was well mental nationalization decrees (aimbefore. The three thousand copies worth waiting for. We were naturing to force the extension of the use

of the first edition of this book in ally very eager to have it for assistof the national language, PortuPortuguese will greatly facilitate the ance in our missionary work, but we guese, among its native born citispreading of the Gospel to about were more concerned that it be transzenry and the reduction of foreign thirty million people in Brazil and lated correctly, or as nearly so as languages spoken, principally Germake this record available to milpossible. The mission was fortunate man, Italian, and Russian) were

lions of other Portuguesespeaking in having within its borders, placed in effect.

peoples in various parts of the world. Brother Daniel Shupe, a former In the Brazilian winter—June,

1938, four The Portuguese is the twentyFrench missionary from Ogden, July, and August—of

third translation of the Book of Utah, who has lived a number of missionaries were assigned to PortuMormon and the nineteenth to be years in Rio de Janeiro. When, guese. With the change in mission

printed. therefore, the former Brazilian Mispresidents in October of the same

We, here in Brazil, are naturally sion president, Rulon S. Howells, year, the new work was convery proud of the new Book of Morsought to get a translation started tinued, until at the present time

mon and intend to do everything in the late fall of 1937, he secured there are about fifty Portuguesepossible to acquaint this people with the assistance of Brother Shupe, speaking Elders and only fifteen its contents. It is our hope to place who, with the aid of his Brazilian Germanspeaking Elders.

copies in about two thousand homes schoolteacher wife and her charmSince the Portuguese work was before the end of the current year ing, educated mother, undertook the started, there has been much to do.

through the facilities of the mission work in his spare time. A few Elders assigned to Portuguese had

library system which has been submonths later, as this translation was no senior companions with experiscribed to by the Elders of the misprogressing, the First Presidency apence in that language. There were

sion. This system, similar to that proved funds for the work and no organizations of any kind, no

used in California, contemplates the authorized a first edition of three meetings, and but little literature lending of copies of the Book of thousand copies. for missionary use.

Mormon to interested people for In the meantime, another indeIt was during this changeover short periods of time, that they may pendent translation was begun so period that the Book of Mormon was read and become acquainted with that the two translations could be completed. When it finally arrived,

its contents, and it prescribes regular compared to insure a correct inter- a way had been prepared for it with followup visits by missionaries to pretation of doctrine in good and tracts and much personal contact.

assist readers in maintaining the ingrammatical language. In addition, It may now be systematically introitial interest in the book, by offering two able, educated Brazilians were duced by experienced, prepared Eldexplanations and answering quesemployed to make the comparisons, ers, to bring knowledge and joy to

tions. It is expected that many read proof, and place the work in another great people. Once again,

copies of the Book of Mormon will the latest approved orthography. a new frontier has been opened to

be sold in this manner. Although the work was greatly the Book of Mormon.

AND THUS HISTORY WAS MADE \VA\Vi{

the Latterday whichThethroughpersecutions and violence required Saints were to go A true story of the wife see the lightning leap across the sky. midnight in the early of the Church, days esof Orson Spencer at about this time that a It was pecially that during period in which

they resided in Missouri, and Naumessenger on horseback brought voo, Illinois, resulted in the develBY the latest mail from Nauvoo. In it

opment of men and women of great was a letter for Orson Spencer.

faith and outstanding leadership. NICHOLAS G. Brother Spencer opened it and found

Among that remarkable group of it to be a communication from his men who early became associated MORGAN wife's parents, in which they acwith the Prophet Joseph Smith in knowledged the receipt of his letter, the building up of the Church, was people were about to be called but refused to have further interest

Orson Spencer, a graduate from to undergo, wrote to his wife's paror care for their daughter unless, as

Union College of New York City ents, asking that they take her back they said in closing, "let her reand the Hamilton Literary and Theinto their home, that she might connounce her degrading faith, and she ological College. He was a New valesce, and until the Saints were can come back, but never until she

Englander by birth and was reared situated where they could live in does."

in a home of refinement and culture. peace and harmony, away from the Sister Spencer listened to the

His wife, Catherine Curtis Spencer, persecutions of the mobocrats. reading of the letter, but murmured

also came from excellent New EngHe waited patiently for a favornot a word. As her husband comland stock. She, too, was a univerable reply to this letter. None came, pleted the reading, she turned to

sity graduate and trained for a life of however, and eventually the time him and in a very weak voice, caused refinement and ease. arrived when those living in Nauby her illness, asked him to get his

Orson Spencer had been educatvoo were compelled to cross the MisBible and read to her from the sixed for the ministry and was successsissippi and journey westward to teenth verse of the first chapter of fully carrying on his labors as a Bapthe new location, where the main Ruth. He complied with her request

tist preacher when information conbody of the Church would be and read as follows:

cerning the Church of Jesus Christ brought by its leaders. "And Ruth said, 'Intreat me not

of Latterday Saints, then recently It was in the month of March, to leave thee or to return from folorganized, reached him and his wife. 1846, when Orson Spencer and his lowing after thee; for whither thou

After a complete investigation, he wife crossed the river to Iowa, pregoest, I will go; and where thou

did not hesitate in accepting the pared, with their wagon and ox lodgest, I will lodge; thy people shall

Gospel, and he immediately comteam, for the journey that lay before be my"people, and thy God, my menced his ministry, which, from them. It was miserable weather. It God.'

the beginning, became a very imporrained almost daily, and occasionHe ceased reading. A calm, peacetant factor in the establishment and ally sleet would fall or be blown by ful smile spread over the lovely, redevelopment of the restored Church cold, wintry winds. The road, such fined face of his wife. Her eyelids

of Jesus Christ. as it was, was so muddy that at drooped and closed in a sweet,

When he gathered with the times the wheels would sink to the peaceful sleep from which she was

Saints in Nauvoo, he was completeaxles. not to awake until the morning of

ly cut off from association with his After leaving Nauvoo, Sister the resurrection.

relatives and former friends. His Spencer's health continued to get The next morning, amid the hustle

wife's parents became so embittered worse, and eventually she was conand bustle of camp life, a grave was that they refused her admission to fined to her bed in the covered wagdug by the side of the road, and their home, and advised her that on. It was on a night about five days there on the Iowa prairie the last

they did not care to correspond furafter leaving Sugar Creek that she remains of a great and good woman ther with her. suddenly grew much worse. That were laid to rest. An hour later the

In Nauvoo, during the year 1846, night the storm increased in its secaravan of covered wagons was the persecutions became so vicious verity. Little streams of water again on the march westward.

and intolerable that Orson Spencer trickled through the holes in the canHistory has not recorded, nor will and his wife were in constant jeopvas stretched over the wagon, and there yet be recorded, the lives of ardy. Like that of many other Morkind friends, who had come to men and women of greater faith,

mon women, the health of Sister Brother Spencer's aid, held milk greater love, and greater devotion,

Spencer gradually became impaired, pans over his sick wife to keep her than those of our Pioneer fathers and her husband, fearing that she from being drenched. Occasionally and mothers who gave their all in

might not be able to stand the ordeals she would look out through the the establishment of that which we which he realized the Mormon openings in the wagon covering and now enjoy so much.

SIMON BOLIVAR 17831830

and, thsL dmsuikcm, jjiaditwtL ofc> J-Ae&doML

shirt. in Ease, buried a borrowed By RAMONA life, this health, comfort, and even

at the patriot sacrificed, for died he W. CANNON untimean from age of fortyseven

illness. jM ly a youth he freed all his slaves As

at a time when wealthy landowners possessed hundreds of them, and

LIBERATOR OF VENEZUELA, BOLIVAR, at SIMON slave valued a good was when northern liberate to from COLOMBIA. BOLIVIA, PERU, AND ECUADOR, dollars. the three hundred was He present part of South America—theSpain the

first to take America in South man Venezuela, of Colombia, countries these days when terror, conEcuador, Peru, Bolivia, and Panathis step, and that, fifty years beINfusion, and tyranny possess an ma. His successes helped largely the fore our Civil War. Despite his

everwidening area of the cause of freedom in the other South great sacrifices, his later years were world, it is comforting to rememand Central American countries. filled with the dregs of bitterness beber that America is a land "prePerhaps no man in the secular hiscause he was continually the object

pared from the beginning"for its tory of the Americas was more an of misunderstandings, of deadly ultimate destiny; that Zion shall be instrument of prophecy than was jealousies, and of seditious plots.

that this continent, built and upon liberators, Bolivar. other military Bolivar's When To understand to shall appear Christ here Jesus Spain, for fighting from freedom that exploits, in mind must bear we the earth. personally Anreign upon kings to yet willing be ruled still by were herself the thought same Spain

cient prophecies in the Book of Morof their own choosing, he stood fast great Spain that had driven back the mon forecast certain conditions for the principle of no kings in Turks, had conquered Italy and which were to be an integral part America. He was himself prophetic. Portugal, had taken prisoner a king of preparation continuous the of this that country should of huFrance had and and a pope,

terse, these America. How literally its parts separate be disalso miliated England. She had He united—allforesaw explicit statements be applied, may against to able stand should be and there sent covered and America had

significant and how of today they all that its destiny enemies, was and intrepid to conconquistadors the this is appear! For to arbiter to guide and be that of the native population, quer not only

a land choice above all other lands,... other nations. but the heat and fever of swamps,

shall the blest Gentiles the upon be and

... shall of Feeling as we must do about Bolithe inaccessible mountains, the terland land be a land and this

liberty... and there shall be no kings upvar's mission, we note with particurible deserts, the treacherous foron the land... and I will fortify this land lar interest the comment of Guillerests. Such were Spain's might and

all needs nations. other I must against... mo A. Sherwell Besides. (preface to Simon the temper of her manhood.

of of darkness, secret the works destroy ) that he was inexhaustible she had seemingly of Bolivar abominations. (Book of and murders

Mormon.)... one of those men who appear in the supplies of soldiers, wealth, and amto at long intervals, selected world by God patrimunition, while the opposing of our rejoicing because In our of leaders the multitudes, performbe to be ots few in were comparatively numis free people, status as a ers miracles, of fortunate achieving we imposwhat

study democratic AngloSaxonx insible for the common man. They live a ber, scattered, poorly fed, and poorif ly large equipped. inspiration, as of Boconstant of they number were A Pilgrim the stitutions, praise Falife

frail but, their judgment, not guided by own livar's ignorant followers so were to thers, thanks Washingand give of like the the flame and smoke by Moses, that to not they did enough know... desert. patriots the a through other Lincoln, ton, God, and

illittheir salute commander, were preserved our liberty. and wonwho

little idea erate, and had of why It is difficult for us to appreciate fitting is All this and appropriate.

But many of us are unaware of anthe magnitude of Bolivars personal they were fighting.

other name which should be added sacrifices, or of his accomplishments. There were periods of black deto those that call forth our devotion Born into an aristocratic Spanish cospair and crushing defeat for the paandAmerica—thegratitude completefor the freedomAmerica ofof wouldlonial familyhave beenon Julya millionaire24, 1783,hadhe wouldtriots, flashbut Bolivar'swith moreblackfire thaneyes

the Book of Mormon interpretation. he not been an idealist. But he lost ever, as he would reiterate, "We

That name is Simon Bolivar—a pahis fortune in the cause of liberty, shall conquer them, and we will free

triot who fought for sixteen years dying so poor that he had to be America."As a youth he had sworn

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

a vow which he never forgot. Standing on one of Rome's seven hills, he

stretched his hand toward the ruins of the old Forum, its broken marble columns illumined in the glow of the red sunset, and declared to his former tutor, "On my honor and on my life, this arm shall never rest until it has freed South America from the yoke of tyrants."After one tragic reverse in his youthful days, he

remarked, "The art of conquering is learned through defeats."

The nature of the South American warfare was such as could not have been conceived in North America, for if those were the days of

Spain's might and grandeur, the

Inquisition the ofmethods were A VIEW OF THE KIND OF JUNGLE COUNTRY not children occurrence, were a common BOLIVAR HIS MEN AND HAD TO CUT THROUGHforgotten, of the and Spanmany IN instances the FOR and in some THE STRIKE FREEDOM. soles were

ish generals were infinitely cruel, pared from men's feet, and then absolutely without honor.and Boves corresponding in a friendly they were driven over burning sands ly

( the one besieged butcher ) promised manner. stones. sharp and

city amnesty if it would capitulate.

The soldiers surrendered all their Such treatment called forth some As to Bolivar's feeling regarding arms, whereupon Boves'officers reprisals from Bolivar's generals, kings in America, he voiced his proceeded to kill thirtyfive hundred and in case of great necessity from views on many occasions. He exmen, women, and children, and then the supreme commander himself, pressed his disapproval of Iturbide,

forced the young girls whose fathough Bolivar tried to be humane who made himself emperor of Mexthers and brothers had been slain beon every possible occasion, frequentico, stating that it was America's fore their eyes to go to a ball ly capturing cities without a single destiny to nurture republics. He

that evening and dance to celeimprisonment or act of retaliation. himself was several times offered a

brate the victory. In a place which When General Morillo, a man of crown. He declared his aversion to

came to be called Golgotha, an different calibre, came from Spain, such a project and said that it was

English soldier records that seven he and Bolivar drew up an agreeno more suitable to the country than thousand skulls were heaped up as ment to regularize war. They kept it to him. General Santander once

a monument to a Royalist victory. like the two gentlemen they were, wrote to him "... you have told me

Hideous mutilations of women and once dining together, and frequent- a hundred times that you would die a republican and that you would leave America rather than embrace such a part"(as king or emperor).

Bolivar stated that the "title of Liberator is superior to any that has been vouchsafed to human pride,"and that the title of good citizen was preferable in his mind to that of

Liberator or Pacificator, or any other that the world might call him.

San Martin, who had done great deeds for the liberation of Peru, separated himself from Bolivar, and left America, partly because he wanted a king to rule the state, and

Bolivar was in favor of a republic.

Always Bolivar followed the gleam of his inspiration regarding the great destiny of America. The

THE STATUE OF GENhistorian, Larrazabal, describes him

BOLIVAR, ERAL SIMON when he had to flee to Jamaica for

BY JAMES SALLY his life: FARNHAM, WHICH

STANDS PARK, NEWIN YORK.CENTRAL friendsAlone,hadpoor,deniedin hima foreign... andland,hiswhenenemieshis

had torn him to shreds,... when everybody saw America again carrying the yoke

imposed upon her, Bolivar saw her redeemed... saw Colombia free, Chile established,

Argentina expanding, Mexico and Peru liberated, the Isthmus of Panama converted into the center of communications and activities of human industry.

(Continued on page 437) to let in the cool air. The twins

would be all right for tonight, and after that her mother, who slept inINVINCIBLE the next wagon, would take care of them. Louise wondered if her father

would be sorry she had left. Very

strangely, a sob caught in her throatCIRCLE as she moved away slowly, then raced across the clearing to the brush that would hide her fleeing figure. "TJ

X X alloo! Come this a Themonthtroubleago. hadTheallHapplestarted familyabout

way!"called the young horseman far and their friends, the Bartons, had

across the sloping green hill. He come together to Independence,

beckoned toward the train of wagMissouri. There they had made

ons that crept slowly across the preparations to start the long trek prairie. Of those who heard and to California, where there were

heeded his call, three were girls, rumors of great amounts of gold.

jogging along on their in their to get Bartons haste horses by By GEORGIA MOORE Thethe train. side of the wagon to started leave Indewere ready

"Now what do you suppose Johnpendence a day sooner than the ny's found?"sixteenyear-old Louise faLouise her Happies. urged had this Louise's of beat the above was askedHapple of her two comther to the but with Bartons, on go tonight goshe was ownpanions. heart—for there supplies were which he some ing to run away. "I I'll don't to know, but race you their yet not purchased, so had to given had anger way Her nowthe top of knoll to the replied see,"friends ahead. had gone time as the excitement approached girls of theone at side. rode her who Louise's Barton been Sue had to'leave. for her horse Her was that, girls the three With were friend. cried childhood Louise had for in staked the out brush readyloping the toward lone horseman,

leave with the Bartons she saw when to probably her mount. She would halfwith a dozen others whose cuearlier. that the caravan was going seen, sentinel for not be no was onriosity had aroused. been

at fabeen her provoked She had tonight. grateshe duty Often had "I see the fairies last danced again

ther's slowness. evening Yesterday fully her father watched and Johnnight!"in Johnny spoke wonWest the they other overtaken caravan had the other together with West, ny der, pointing circling to a path

fort. visit at here the a grand What to riding the caravan men, around the freshwhere green grass had

last night! Louise with had had Sue dangers. protect from But them any intobeen beaten to the ground, form

a ring that looped itself around the tonight the wagon train had camped "Now we'll travel together the top of the knoll. in full view of the fort and was unrest of the trip, since you've caught

Louise could almost see the fairder the protection of its men. They up!"Sue had exclaimed.

ies as she supposed they must have had camped here since the evening "I hope so,"Louise had said. "We

looked, hands joined and dancing in before, in the green, green draw had such fun in our caravan. I want

a circle until the grass, wet from an which looked as though it might you to know Florence and Kate.

early spring shower, had been comonce have been a creek, for it was They're girls you'll like, too."

pletely trampled down. For what sandy at the bottom. Grassy sides That night Louise had gone to

else could have made such a perfect sloped gently from the sand. There sleep with such happy thoughts! But

ring? was a spring here, and a few huge this morning disappointment had

"Do you suppose,"mused Flortrees grew at the top of the slopes. come to her. The caravan her famence Yates as the three girls turned It was an ideal place to camp. Many ily was with would spend the day

their horses and started back to join caravans had halted here before. near the fort, resting their teams and

the caravan. Louise stepped cautiously from getting everything repacked and in

"I don't know,"Kate Daw broke the family wagon. Only a moment repair.

in simply. she hesitated, and that was to brush "But, Father,"Louise had prokiss cheeks across the goodbye tested, tall Louise, "we

little of the twins, her brother and this caravan.saddle, did not don'tWehavecanto gotravelon withwith speak—andand gracefultheinthreeher a sister, sleeping so soundwere who one."other the in silence.rode on

ly. just three Orrin Ola and were

years old. They had never looked so "Our teams need rest, too,"the

lovely to Louise as they did tonight father answered with finality.

1 hat had been yesterday in the bright starlight. Their dark With fires of disappointment

morning, and today Louise had no red hair was curled up tight above burning, Louise watched the other such sublime feeling. All day long their broad white foreheads. Ola caravan depart. She had gallantly

she had seethed in anger. looked pale, for she had been very waved goodbye as long as she could

Now that night had closed down sick with a cold. see the other girl.

and the campfires had burned to Louise was afraid to linger too "I'll be with you tomorrow mornsmouldering embers, she crouched long—afraid they might open their ing, Sue,"Louise had determined

in the bed of her wagon and listenlong gray eyes which were so like to herself.

ed for any sound. The whole caraher own. She thought of all this tonight as

van seemed to be sleeping. The only Brushing back the dark hair from she cautiously wound her way northnoise outside was the occasional her own high forehead, she stepped ward through the brush. She wontromp of a horse's hoof or the nibover the side of the wagon, for the dered what Florence and Kate would

bling of grass near the wagon. But canvas was rolled high on the sides think of her when they found she had

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

gone. She had left a note for her to a halt. She gasped, for she was the lowered, shaking heads and

mother. looking upon a sight which she had pawing hoofs of the large bison in

But these thoughts soon vanished. never in her life seen before. formation.

Anger, disappointment, and regret It was a small herd of buffaloes, did not stay long with her. The stars but in such a strange formation. The JLouise watched the

were white in their thick brightness largest of them were marching in a strong buffaloes protecting the and the air was cool. Soon she gave circle around the other buffaloes that young calves and the weaker memherself up to the enjoyment of the were huddled inside the ring. bers of their herd from their mortal

ride. Now Louise saw the cause of their enemies. This reminded her of her

caravan. She thought of her Two miles—three miles—four march. About the outer edges of own

miles! All this she was reckoning the circle lurked the vicious, snarling father, of Johnny West, of all the

as her horse trotted over the trail. forms of wolves. other men who through the night

She noticed that it continued to folIn a moment she knew what this watched over the women, the chillow closely the treelined draw in marching of the huge bison in the dren, and the weaker ones of the which the caravan was camped. Now circle meant. Tomorrow there train.

it turned from its northward course, would be a fairyring here. FasciShe turned to look back toward

lightning the that caravan and saw west, recrossed going this draw.and nated, she watched—for how long

it brighter. growing hoped She widerHere the sandy bottom was she never knew.

than it was where the wagon train would not rain on little Ola and had camped. Orrin who lay almost unprotected

in the wagon. Suddenly she knew

Oomewhere a coyote thatpull downshe mustthe canvasgo backontothethemwagon.andhowled—not one coyote, for it seemThen she could start anew on her

ed like a thousand. A little chill ride to Sue's caravan. With a jerk

ran through her. Yet why should she turned her horse back to the east.

fear anything?she Nothing would the sky One Now mile—two! her this gloriousharm flash north to the a continuous night. was

Wouldn't Sue be surprised to find and east. Yet she must keep on in

her face of the storm—the twins Five not get wet. at theirmiles—Six!caravan! The trail was mustthe

plain, and the prairies were green Three miles! Her horse suddenly

and rolling. Why, what was that to halted, for at the edge of the draw,

the right of the road? Startled, she water, muddy and swirling, was now

drew—one upof reins.those unexplainedIt was a fairyringcircles. runningShe mustdownnot tryit. toLouisecross.was afraid.

Seeing one here all alone at night, Why, this water would go on to and seeing one in the daytime with the caravan that was camped in the the whole caravan, were entirely difdraw! Louise looked up the stream.

ferent matters. saw, what she She gasped at A

Just of then a glimmer of light swept threatening, gathering sweep across the sky. Louise jumped at water was coiling toward her. It

this sudden flash and felt a quiver was too late tc cross now! But her

running her. over anThere was sentinels were on duty caravan—noother, lightshe and saw that it was tonight!

ning to the north. She laughed a With a cry and a crack of her

nervous laugh at having so easily whip she urged her horse into the been frightened. Why, it must be water. Madly he struggled and

raining hard somewhere up there, reached the opposite shore just for she now could hear rolls of ahead of the great rise of water that thunder. She saw that there were was coming down.

in east, too. Itclouds the would It race Louise was which a madprobably rain at tonight. the caravan flood with ran the that she night, but

the thought She of covered wagon, reached the the caravan before its let raised canvas to in the high water. Yelling she whooping, and

air. it rain hoped She not would on raced her horse back and forth

the twins. Ola must not take more through the wagons with their

cold. Louise at shivered the thought sleepers. MADLY HE STRUGGLED REACHED ANDof the dreaded pneumonia which OPPOSITE THE SHORE JUST OF AHEAD "Flood! we'll up; or move, Wake RISE GREAT THE OF THAT WATERthey fought while had been Ola had

IT cried. COMING DOWN. WAS A drown!"she MAD WAS

sick. off RACE she But shake LOUISE WHICH these must RAN WITH THE "Flood?"a half sleepy dozen FLOOD NIGHT. THATfoolish fears. wouldn't Worrying voices echoed. But now Johnnyhelp. then crashed and howls Now his serious, West, eyes brown not

miles! Seven piercthen the Just through the night the as daunted smiling as usual, helping out was

ing howl of a wolf shattered through wolves saw how fruitless was their wake the sleeping people. to

night.the howls, other There effort were to feed this of herd. upon any lighter the hand By wagons weredirectly in front. Setting teeth her bawls There the were buffaloes from hastily to high pushed ground andfirmly, she her horse urged the as the in down wolves out dashed and safety. horses and Oxen managed

trail. the rounded She top of a trying this to break invincible circle. pull to the heavier ones the from

knoll suddenly and her drew horse Yet wolf close dared no too to come {Continued on page 420)

PIONEER SPEAKSd Explanatory Material Compiled and Written by

JOHN E. GILLESPIE, JR., and CLYDE HART

Of the New England Mission

new sect immigrated with their new conthirty verts the west, to peohundred one GilElders, E. two John

vicinity joined When ple Peterborough from and lespie, Hart, were Jr., Clyde and large to nucleus, a the the church and were

to sent Peterborough, HampNew in extent, Utan. of the pioneer Mormons

shire, they the of acquaintance made very Peterborough became Mormons The

Field, of niece Jessie P. Mrs. Naamah in the Church, prominent one among woman of Twiss, wife a Brigham Young, of being wife Brigham Young. them a

affectionately as "Aunt known Little, mills of the superintendent Jesse C.

his children. Field Mrs. Twiss"by in a Peterborough, and a became Mormon

in possession her the of had some fact, pillar In Peterborough the of Church.

letters to her wrote Twiss""Aunt the to contributed members more Mormon folk after joined the she had Church the city in or other than town Church any started trek the west. and

.. States. United (History of HampNew NAAMAH J. CARTER TWISS YOUNG Field not Mrs. the granted only

shire, Vol. 3.)

missionaries to permission the copy

President Brigham Young's presstaticletters copiesbut alsoof them,gave somethem partsphotoof ence in Peterborough is recorded by which are reproduced here.NaamahTwiss, convertJenkinsto theCarterChurch Bancroft

from Peterborough, NewAlready the mantle of the Prophet was to in 184344, pioneerHampshire, the the falling of President Twelve; upon she a While was New Hampshire. his foretold the already former had own of wifethe and west from Nauvoo, child, died, the father family her and revelation, the notwithstanding death; but thePresident Young, was Brigham to to the milltown take moved to the emsent as a missionary Brigham was

writer of three hitherto unpublished Eastern States, and at Peterborough, New ployment there. Soon after baptism

letters. originals the accomof the the received news of Hampshire, The traginto the Church, she marMormon

Jail. {History Utah, at Carthage edy of in letters posthepanying are now ried also Brother Twiss, from John Bancroft. Field, niece P.session of Jessie Mrs. died Peterborough. Brother Twiss

of Sister Twiss and resident of Today Peterborough, famous as in Nauvoo, a few months after their

Peterborough. the site of the Edward MacDowell marriage. In January, 1846, Sister

Sister Twiss was one of many to Memorial Colony, is a prosperous Twiss was married to President be attracted to the Church when the resort town. The foundation stoneBrigham Young. Knowing her famfirst missionaries came to Peterborwork of the Phoenix Mill in which ily's concern for the Peterborough

ough. It was in Peterborough that Sister Twiss and her brothers and Saints, in her first letter, written from

President Young received the news sisters worked is today near the Camp of Israel on December 27, of the martyrdom of the Prophet modern Peterborough Town Hall. 1846, she establishes the whererecords: Pillsbury HobartJoseph. people. In of these of many in Wilabouts Carter was born Naamah

attracted good a Church Mormon The Massachusetts, on March at the mington, in followers Hampshiremany New ORIGINAL EXCERPT PHOTOSTATIC FROM THE time of its organization.... When the 20, 1821, later moving to Sharon, LETTERS

'. *,//.*,/C if si/ tl.T"\:--t'C ''': l4W't; iff J>*- '* '& I&,-W!/i#/*!. $ ri% t i*(l I *:

..-. '--... f > -

c/u. ft J rf */ Ify //. /tr+r* t 4 / / t{ '&"Cm/pt // vifjm t* fctiflj idti tt'i

,- *: sftxt,- X4& / * *-** s * **i>*333>>#>?&H - aiTTli* i i u A. Umm -. * i fu y

% |o W%t %'J$* * * 3f t i -j /

It 1m t. 2a% tlUst /itJ fl<Ctet */? it t tlVi/l/ -$M **C

-l/i it\c <ct, iiUlat Jo t >nj d< 14* 4ft* trm- m * f*f #m rz

'., tilt} mc M-t t AM J/id 'it 4* J*t*f /%

.::;:;V:;;-.r.. r w......:-:viO\vW.-:;,fe>i"- i">W>'...;:=$--..>'':-..-...'+.'?<-.<'. -?,-<::''.fy--y- ill <4,i<l/. id;'':>-.k. > ':[ -i-'y. ''-'- "<tiii&:-X::-:-:\\:-;:::;:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

addition she gives a description of the camp and conditions the pioneers faced. Intermingled with New EngSTONE WALL—REland colloquialisms and recollections MAINS OF MILL

are expressions of nostalgia and TWISS,WHERE EARLYNAAMAHMORlonging for home. The second letWORKEDMON PIONEER,NEAR TOWN

ter, from Council Bluffs on DecemHALL,OUGH, PETERBORber 19, 1847, tells of the return of

Brother George Taggart from the

Mormon Battalion and the privations of the Battalion. Each letter

gives assurance of her wellbeing and happiness in this new life. The

third letter, headed "Great Salt Lake

City, Great Basin, North America, in the spring. Milton expects William whatApril 9th, 1849,"describes the valand Father is here Morse. and Mary Howe My theyhealthcouldis verygo good,throughexceptinguntil theya cold,try.

ley and the rather bleak outlook of Ward is 15 miles from here, and his wife and has been ever since I wrote to you the immediate future. Sister Twiss is dead. Brother Bements folks are here. much better than I should think it would

reiterates her happiness with the He is sick. I don't think of any more that be considering that I am not used to living

I to write Peterboro. from that don't of doors. are are here out what know conviction the of herSaints and like to for don't and Mormonism, you you tell I as near where you I am Now religion the has shetruth of em- I I to that only write do. about say won't I of can. western are the banks as on willWe "... I it first it I like just well rate that as as are ever this is forbraced. we hills all the River with round the Missouri

called to suffer to leave our homes only on the east and there the river runs. did. Don't want to back out but would like

I friends east. in to the see Yes, would my is the land Omahas. The owned by is all to that dear us The friends andand if I like to winter the with could spend you far. winter has mild so been very Today this the earth is coming but dayon this in the to spring here people with go it doors, of out meeting was be a and we had

it will be, but cannot not so any do shall good reap reward our anwhen we Pratt, comfortable. Brothers very Woodit. I talk to to write to about want you me ruff, to three us preached in about Benson in and fold the world; the andhundred

Little the Saints out Brother and when come it cold can't hours, very be and you know life."eternal to come,world all that's that the write and and news new sit long out without or not so could we

... all folks. the about and it if cold. the of suffering very Most was Israel, 1846. 27th, of Dec. Camp

I to send something want you when me into log cabins got brethren put and have up Sister:Dear Little out, for ring the Brother comes you comfortable. are they so them

this I It is that pleasure improve with lost died, that night got and gave John me

I to sleep Sister with but have Green am let to I writing it or and youopportunity the you that thing only had gave was you I slept in house in have not a wagon. a I I since I been its in have where and else place how amknow me, something and want

I will last that think since July. am You I afterI three if In to you. weeks wrote to send or wants and two Thomas me I big quite to as be used so not coward a I this to last found arrived I silkwrote camp; dollars three dresses thousand a and you

I I left for then Peterboro, before would saints; hereSister of the Peterboro least. Baily in objections Tell the have no in there the alone sleep house where not scattered rest along the road. Althe were dress to calico send a Salome and me

I thirty, sleep or can but twenty now was all left I time long they for can'tthough get to[o] Charlotte here a Nauvoo any

I the hear in can out alone a where wagon... I I fit the did, found is she only that tobefore for one love wear. nor was money the panthers howl, bark, wolves and dogs

I died thehere. is Baily Brother road calico back like here on homely so would The

yell, the the wild savages of and where rest the ofat of three to have Bonapart. old or them Peterboro, from have Most two fighting large at running are and west his and Brothergot here then now. Gardner they not cost and would you know me fighting the nations or themselves among

is here. in sickwife anything. policy very are have been war. always There They the another. short time ago Iowas one A better. folks Brother arebut Nay's some I I don't think to write of so more any fired the the into into and camp came five the side the of river miles otherare on close. will to to love Give a draw my of tents the[m] and some wounded Omahas'is Sister just Hill acrossback, Lenard and tell to write Louisa and and Sarah them to her badly. had have very squaw One river. Hillthe the died Brother road on to[o] to to and Mrs. and me Mcoy C off, chief the badly taken and very was arm their sleeping thewith and youngest ague all folks to that of for enquire and John me I live. will that injured see but you So

is ischild Sister dead. here Also Powers folks to to and every Uncle and Joseph body I through could did not what go know

PHOTOSTATIC EXCERPT FROM THE ORIGINAL until I was obliged to, and I expect that that enquire for me. I shall send this by

LETTERS I am like a great many others: don't know (Concluded on page 437)

'isf'IffPt'p&sWLi4xAs *>&* *-!/ jf 4{.4f*iJf t tt %,* f& ys* /*- y

>n,*/%*%. Uti, 4md*** sCUrrtVL &4t& v// *& &t* u 1

eVi n %Ht* **** ly *-A/ji**-*l*di/ if*** /tut** $ a*>u/ c&\4ijf

tj4&t <*-+**** -wear *z*4z*<. '*sij IfkfJk. </y* *

and SONGS HYMNS

THE LATTERDAY SAINTS

Thisamongbenedictorythe earlyhymnpioneerwassongsnot By GEORGE Deseret Sunday School Songs, No. D. PYPER 244, "till we meet"is repeated fortyof the Latterday Saints, but General Superintendent, Deseret two times.

has recently taken its place in the Sunday School Union Board and A short time before the death of popular closing hymns of our First Assistant Chairman of the Dr. Rankin he visited Memphis,

Church gatherings. Church Music Committee Tennessee, and a congregation of

Its author was Reverend Jeremiah three thousand sang the song in his

Eames Rankin, D.D., LL.B., who honor.

was born at Thornton, New HampThe first stanza is a prayer for dishire, January 2, 1828. At twenty vine guidance; that all may be uphe was a graduate of the Middlebury held by the Lord's counsels, that

College of Vermont. He occupied all may be safely enfolded in His

the pulpit as pastor of Congregakeeping. The second stanza calls

tional churches in New England, for safety through the perils and

New Jersey, and Washington, D. C. hardships of life with which we conIn the nation's capital he was pastor stantly are surrounded. The third

of the First Congregational Church. stanza entreats us to keep under the

He also became president of the banner of love and with its power

Howard University of Washington, conquer the threatening wave of an institution founded to advance death which is always ahead.

the education of the negro. The chorus swings into an emoIt was while Rankin was pastor tional, lyrical spiritual, calling for

of the Washington Congregational His favor until we meet at the feet

Church that the song "God Be With of our Savior.

You Till We Meet Again"was It is a dramatic benediction to a written, probably in 1882. spiritual feast.

a beloved Doctor Rankin was and GEO. D. PYPER The Tune apopular preacher and of much man

literary ability. He wrote many gosTThe tune to this popular song was

pel and Sunday School songs. One composed by William Gould

volume entitled Chrystal Songs had I. Tomer, who was born in Fivesville,

a wide circulation. He had the coNew Jersey, October 5, 1832; died

operation of his Sunday School su- "GOD BE WITH YOU TILL at Phillipsburg, N. J., September 26,perintendent, O. F. Presbrey, and WE MEET AGAIN"1 896. He was a soldier of the Civil

his blind organist, J. W. Bischoff. Hymn By J. E. Rankin, D.D., LL.B. War, an editor, and amateur comIt has been thought that this song Tune By William G. Tomer poser. Doctor Rankin had written

submitof written stanza author the song while the andwas was again; one with meet be you till we GOD spell, musicians, of an emotional oneunder ted it to two but Rev. whom counsels guide, His uphold By

Rankin explained that the hymn was you, was Mr. Tomer. The latter's melody

"the product of a cool purpose and With His sheep securely fold you; suited Dr. Rankin best, and after it

not the result of any experience or God be with you till we meet again. was revised by Doctor Rankin's

feeling. 'Goodbye'was the germ of God be with you till we meet again; blind organist, Dr. J. W. Bischoff,

it."Doctor Rankin said that the 'Neath His wings protecting hide you, the other stanzas were written and

story publicly announced that the Daily manna still provide you; the hymn first sung at the author's

hymn was written on the departure God be with you till we meet again. church in Washington. It soon beof a temperance evangelist for EuGod be with you till we meet again; came popular with the young peorope "is wholly a mistake."When life's perils thick confound ple of the Christian Endeavor SoThe hymn, he said, "does not beyou ciety, was translated into many lanunfailing Put arms His you; round to literature,long but to guages, and its use at this time is the realm

be with meet you God till weof songs, ranking again. worldwide. popular with camp

meeting melodies such as the old God be with you till we meet again; The writer of this sketch has

loV(''floating banner o'er you, spiritual thenegro song heard rendered by soloists, "'Swing Low, Sweet KeepSmite s threatening deatn bewaveChariot.'choirs, congregations; and it and

fore you; The repetition of the main theme God be with you till we meet again. seems to him that congregationwords "till we meet"is an effective al renditions are most effective.

device of some writers—similar to Chorus Changing marks of expression,

Samuel Medley's 'I Know That My Till we meet, till we meet, while very beautiful, take away the

Redeemer Lives."Till we meet at Jesus'feet, wholehearted rendition of the

The song has four verses. In the Till we meet, till we meet, hymn. Mass singing gives to it that

three verses published in Latterday God be with you till we meet again. warmth and emotional uplift that

Saint Hymns, No. 132, and in the the author intended.

Meet GENERAL

A SHORT

SHORT STORY GRANT

"Whoa, whoa-a-a-a,"climbed atop, this platform uncertain other side. on the By MARGUERITE CAMERON lookedand fromdown

goat! in he There sunshine was stood—the T.here looked. looked and Ernie Bennie ging down. Devons are natural the morningthe Eldredge meadow

climbers."Such a goat they had never seen a mountainGeneral Grant was

General's horns came before. Then the bull redwobbly, calf. born—justBen sat on

the fence watching him come to life through, prominent and curving, He lay in a corner, chewing his in the warm glow, watched him Ben, did you ever see such cud until he spied the two tousled wriggle his ears, toss his head, finalhorns? Some day we'll sell him for heads of the boys. Then he rose up

ly pull himself up on four shaky a fine price to someone who knows and came toward them. This was a

legs, and heard him "squawk."a good Devon bull,"and Father goat of the angora breed. The boys

"Swish your tail,"directed Farubbed the shiny smooth hide of saw his hair was long and beautiful.

ther Eldredge, who was helping General Grant. "Had a good start "It's too bad our goats can't see

along. "Swish your tail, General. I in life, Ben, a good sire and a purehim, "Ernie spoke up. "Do you

miss my guess if you're not the bred heifer for mother."think they would let us in by the

finest Devon calf I've ever seen, When Ben played with General gate?"

and I've seen plenty."Grant in the meadow, at first he had But Ben shook his head.

Ben was eight. He had seen Fato run after the calf. Then tables "It might hurt their feelings,"he

ther coax many a purebred Devon turned. The General followed so said thoughtfully, referring of course

calf into life. close upon the heels of his young to the goats.

"I used to get Devon cattle by master that Ben had to run away Somehow the sight of this superthe hundreds, Ben,"Father had told from him. fine goat stung Ben with a sudden

him many times, "when we were at Father said in a loud voice that thought of General Grant. Anyone

like this pest. soon- a goat getting would had the General to be a was who emigrant Quarters. EveryWinter

'of later bull prize er or the be after told the boys, Mother You And at least and meant one yokewagon it was up to me to get them. I almust close the gates. Fasten them, the territory.

ways chose Devon oxen. I thought too, or the calf will ruin our vegethey were the best."table and flower gardens."X hree years passed.

"The strongest, Pa?"inquired "Selling the General?"more than General Grant was three years old

Ben. one herdsman inquired. and Ben had turned eleven. The

"Yes, and they have the most "Not yet, not yet,"spoke his General wore a ring through his sense. Seem to know 'Gee'from owner. nose in the fashion of grownup

'Haw'straightway they are born."bulls and bore the Eldredge cattle

Ben marveled. As far as he could Une day Ben and his brand on his thigh. Whenever and

see, that was half of an ox's schoolbrother, Ernie, drove their goat wherever he had visited a stock ing. To haul a wagon over the plains teams along the grassgrown ditch show, he had always brought home

and up into the mountains as far as bank to State Road, where they a blue ribbon. Better still, many a

Utah there seemed to be just four turned north. The goats they drove husky Devon calf which ran in the

words an ox must know: "Gee"were good, as goats went. But the Eldredge meadows counted him as

(right), "Haw"(left), "Giddap"neighborhood boys were talking its blueblood sire.

(go), and "whoa"(stop). about a very special kind of goat in One day a carriage drove down

But General Grant as he grew up the Brigham Young barnyard of the lane to the Eldredge barn.

would have told Ben, would have late, and the two Eldredge boys were told anyone, that a young bull calf's on their way to see that goat, JDen heard the padpad- education was far otherwise. And, In through Eagle Gate they ran, ding of horses'hoofs on the soft,

although the General felt sure he goats at their sides, homemade carts earth roadway. He heard the whirr

was the finest bull calf in the Elrattling at their heels. And now it of light carriage wheels. And predredge meadow, he had learned to became apparent why the carts had sently the booming voice of his

practice the rules of life, according been brought. Without them the father, Horace Eldredge, called in

to his kind. boys could not have seen over the through the barn door:

Father Eldredge used to study cobblestone wall which ran along "Ben, oh Ben, bring out the Genthe way General Grant stood on the barnyard. eral. President Young wants to see

his feet. Ben and Ernie drew the carts him.""See, Ben, see—all alert, no sagalongside the wall, yelled a loud, ( Continued on page 42 1

QnApih&d. fi&vLthn, oft, ihsL Jhe,

V shall not pass away until all I have told you Whenever the new and inspired BIBLE shallItalicsbearefulfilled.ours.) (I. R., Matthew 24:35.

translation the Bible of is disBY Some humorous situations were cussed, question the first everyone did not and Eve Adam to wants did know is, "What voice of the the DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY clarified.hear "the Lord God Prophet certain Smith Joseph do to

in the walking (Genesis AND Garden"controversial passages?"made He in reality the "they heard 3:8a); in restorations them. several of Y. VAN One MERRILL WAGONER they voice as of the were God, Lord of interesting the most most and University Young Of Brigham (I. R., in the garden."walking significant concerns the Apostle

3:13a.) Genesis Peter. The Prophet restored John time Jesus made His triAt the and blood of Christ and that of this 1:42 to read:

they partake. The simple phrase umphal entry info Jerusalem, He

brought he to Jesus. him And And at the animals did not ride same two when in lost which remembrance of, was said, Jesus him, beheld art he Simon, Thou the style instant in true as Roman from later the original restored and the shalt son called of Jona, thou be Cephas,

which is, by interpretation, a seer, or a stone. by inspiration, reveals that doctrine King James account describes

And they were fishermen. And they to be false and untenable. The InSaying unto them, Go into the village

left all, straightway followed and shall against you, straightway ye and Jesus. spired Revision reads: over

Italics ours.) are (I. R., John 1:42. loose ass tied, find an colt with her: a and

And as they were eating, Jesus took bread them, and bring them unto me.

The King James version lacks the and brake it, and blessed it, and gave to And the disciples went, and did as Jesus vital word, a seer. his disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is commanded them,

in remembrance I give body which of my colt, the ass, the and brought and And that tells us Thus John when Jesus for a ransom you. set clothes, they and put them their on

first called Simon, met he him the took cup, he and gave thanks, And 6-7.) 21:2, thereon. (Matthew him

Cephas, which is an Aramaic word, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all it. of following is the natural Far more spoke this ocfor Jesus Aramaic on

this is For blood in remembrance of my casion not the Greek. and From against the village you, and over into of the testament, for which is as Go shed new

tied; colt loose find shall a Prophet's inspired you restoration of as shall believe for the straightway name, the many on my

if shall say me; and any it, and bring it unto (I. sins. remission of their of the meaning Aramaic R., Matthew word

hath you, Lord unto say, aught ye shall The Italics 26:2224. are ours.) it is originally that Cephas shown

it. it; will send of straightway need he and

as well seer a it meant as a stone. as did disciples Debate Jesus and uncertainty went, the have long and And

This Aramaic word Cephas is transcentered around the statement made commanded them; and brought the colt, and

it the their clothes; put took Jesus and on lated in the language Greek in disciples'reply to the Jesus, as by

colt him. followed thereon; they and sat and petros, It is Peter. or readily ap-: shall question things these "When 21:2, (I. R., 5.) Matthew

parent then that later when Jesus be? and what shall be the sign of

declared, "And I say also unto thee, thy coming, and of the end of the Another oftenquoted impossibilThat thou art Peter, and upon this world?"(Matthew 24:3.) To this ity concerns the Assyrians when

rock I will build my church; and the query Jesus replied telling of the they were besieging Jerusalem with

gates of hell shall not prevail against terror and turmoil of the last days; a huge army. The chronicler states

it"(Matthew 16:18), he was reof the wars and rumors of wars, that at night,

ferring to the power of revelation, famine, pestilence, and earthquakes, the angel of the Lord went out, and smote on Peter as a seer, and in no way the preaching of the Gospel in all in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred on the man Peter, as some people the world, and the darkening of sun fourscore and five thousand: and when they

have contended. The moon. meaning of and Jesus ended, according werearose allearlydeadin corpses.the morning,(II Kingsbehold,19:35.)they this, of the greatest one controversial to the version King James

in history,passages longer can no arise the corpses Did in the morning I Verily generation you, say unto This to Saints.be in doubt Latterday the states? above till No. shall all not pass, these things be fulas

Another simple restoration confilled. (Matthew 24:34.)... and when they who were left arosecerns the Sacrament. the Last At in early the morning, behold, [the they time the passed of the and end As institutedSupper Jesus the Sacrafive fourscore hundred thousand] and were did or these signs portentous world

all (I. II corpses. R., dead 19:35b.) Kingsment. in is given account The Matthat generation, not during or comethew 26:2628 in the King James statements Contradictory next, likely the were the world seemed andversion follows: as to endure for several hundred years, corrected. As the King James verAnd as they were eating, Jesus took some explanation was needed. Vasion reads, St. John contradicted

it,bread, blessed and and brake it, and himself interpretations rious he said: when were offered.

disciples, to thegave said, and Take, most generally accepted was eat; The things After these came Jesus and histhis is body. it my

told that disciples Beloved, into the there the land of Judea; and John was who took he the cup, thanks, And and gave

he tarried baptized. them, with and (John till to tarry again, Jesus come He itand saying, gave to them, Drink ye all by

3:22.) it;of link the that connecting between was

For this generation blood the second of the testament, and new is my coming And later:

for forwhich the is shed many Inspired Christ. remission of Version, The

of sins. however, shows that in time a clause hisThoughdisciples.Jesus(Johnhimself4:2,)baptized not, but On this the Roman church has was lost from Matthew's record

based its doctrine of the sacrament of Jesus'words. The inspired Did Jesus baptize or not? Which

of the Eucharist, teaching that in restoration states simply: of the above statements merits belief?

some mysterious manner the bread Verily I say unto you, this generation, Inspiration affirms the first as foland wine actually become the body in which these things shall be shown forth, lows:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

this, the Lord though he knew Now Another typical example of the Prophet Joseph changed twentyhimself baptized not his disas so many Prophet Joseph's rearrangement three probably and by the incom- (I.ciples. 4:3.) John R

when the word repent is used in pleteness of the work of revision left speaking of the Lord, may be found six of the remaining seven the same "Fhrough restoration abstruse in comparing Jonah 3:9-10 in both as in the King James version. The

meaning was reduced to underversions. The King James reading seventh was left as it stood, for it was

standable simplicity. For example, is as follows: correct

the beginning of the Gospel of John, tell will repent, turn can and if God also the Who strength Israel And will of notwhich attenhas received profound fierce his turn that anger, from and away nor repent: for we lie he is not that a he man,

tion and interpretation by theoloperish not? should repent. (I Sam. 15:29.)

gians, was at first a simple statement. And God saw their works, that they

their evil returned from and way; in The other God changes are then changed it to the followingTime

evil, that of the said pented that he had complete this agreement with pascondition:

it did not. them; unto he he and would do sage.

In the beginning the the and was Word, thirteen times Some the King Inspired Revision is signifiThe the with was was God, andWord Word version states that James the Lord different. cantly 1:1.)God. (John

would harden someone's heart, tell, if repent, turn and can we will Who usually that it of Pharaoh or his peobelieves Modern scholarship will turn us but from he has unto God, away ple. time, it is true, Each did a heart this ofdetermined what the meaning fierce perish not? his that anger, we

passage is, but the Prophet's restoraAnd God saw their works that they turned become hardened, but it was due to tion indicates that it has not: from their evil way and repented; and God man's greed or desire and not to the

turned away the evil that he had said he influence of the Lord. This is well

In the gospel beginning preached was the would bring upon them. illustrated by a comparison of Exthethrough the gospel was the Son. And

word, and the word was with the Son, and Of the thirty instances in the Old odus 7:3 in both versions. Accordthe Son was with God, and the Son was Testament, from Genesis to Zeching to the King James version, the

of God. (I. R John 1:1.) ariah, where the word repent is used Lord said to Moses

It is noteworthy that the changes in connection with the Lord, the And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and and restorations made by the multiplyland of Egypt.my signs and my wonders in the

Prophet Joseph Smith reaffirm the integrity and "godliness"of the While the Inspired Revision

Lord. God himself has told us that states:

He is changeless, the same forever And Pharaoh will harden his heart, as I and ever. Yet a reading of the King said unto thee; and thou shalt multiply my

James version leaves one in doubt, signs, and my wonders in the land of Egypt.

for a great are conpassages many

In I Samuel 16:14 we read:tradictory else to or Lord show the

have the pettiness of man and make But the Spirit of the Lord departed from him as uncertain and unknowing as Saul, and an evil spirit from the Lord man, proceeding in His work on a troubled him.

trial and error basis. Did God reIn five similar instances the correct

pent because He made man on earth, reading given by the Prophet Joseph or for any other reason? This would is:

indicate did not what know He He An evil spirit which was not of the Lord. events doing that futurewas and

were as unknown to Him as to us. Finally, a confusing part of the

Did God harden the hearts of men? Lord's prayer becomes:

Then man's agency was abrogated And suffer us not to be led into temptawith the Lord manipulating him as a tion, but deliver us from evil. (I. R.,

puppet. Did God send evil spirits Matthew 6:14.)

to trouble man? Would God lead The Inspired Revision in every

us into temptation? These questions way shows the Lord in his oneness

are all answered in the affirmative of thought and action.

in the King James version. But in Only a few of the many interesting

the work of revising the Bible, the and important changes made by the

Prophet Joseph through inspiration Prophet Joseph Smith have been prechanged such passages to the corsented here. The full extent of his

rect reading. The Flood came, not restorations and alterations can be

because the Lord repented that He seen best by a careful comparison had made man, but because "it reof the Inspired Revision with the pented Noah, and his heart was King James version. And the most

pained, that the Lord made man on striking impression to be gained from the earth."And the Lord said: such a comparison will be the degree

I will destroy man whom I have created, to which the text is clarified, with from the face of the earth, both man and difficult passages made plain, and beast, the things, and creeping and the essential facts restored, for nearly it fowls the air; of that repenteth For Noah every alteration Prophet made by the created I have them, that and I have made

them; and he hath called upon me, for they has contributed to the simplicity and

his sought have of the scriptures. MONUMENT, TEMPLE SQUARE, understandability life. (I. R, Genesis 8:13JOSEPH SMITH

15. Italics are ours.) LAKE CITY SALT ( To be Continued

Jh&ASL Ja, Mmsihin Jwnmi&awJL oft, in, ihiL amAJthJuudti&n, ofcjoMppL in, fcwpt,

Jf*- CHURCH GRAIN ELEVATORS

all the projects undertaken by since Plan the Church Welfare 1936, in April, By ROSCOE Of its inauguration

W. EARDLEY nonethe constructionhas createdofgreaterthe hugeinterestgrain thaneleStore- Central at Bishops'the vators Church Storehouse

in City. Scores of Salt men house Lake

Supervisor have donated their labor and thousands of persons have visited the Welfare center to watch the building operations.

Features contributing to this unusual interest include the following:

As far as known, this is the first structure of its kind undertaken on such a large scale by any church to

UPPER LEFT: THE SINGLE CONCRETE MASS FOOTING IS POURED IN ONE

DAY AND PART OF A NIGHT.

LEFT, SECOND AND THIRD FROM TOP: FORMS FOR THE GREAT BINS ARE

RAISED INCH BY INCH AS CONCRETE IS POURED CONTINUOUSLY, LEAVING

THE STRUCTURE WITHOUT A "COLD"SEAM.

LOWER LEFT: THE GIANT ELEVATORS GROW UNDER OUR VERY EYES.

ABOVE, RIGHT: THE STRUCTURE COMPLETE EXCEPT FOR AN ADDITION TO

THE HEAD HO USE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

foodstuffs to its peoeach; bushels primary supply with a end bins two caThe Passing of a Friend four of each; bushels the pacity 8,747 have watched ple. Those and who

intermediate progress bins have with gone back a capacity work in memof—John Howard Dalton to giving each, and the elethe days ory 17,495 bushels of Joseph in Egypt

recalled how he built granaries throughvators a total capacity of 314,774 By RUFUS K. HARDY

out the land to prepare for the famine bushels. The exact amount of cement Of the First Council of the Seventy

that was ahead. used is not available, but it ran into sev- "Friendship! Mysterious cement of the

All the labor on the structure except eral thousand barrels. There were soul! Sweetener of life and solder of

some supervision has been supplied by 3,717 tons of sand and gravel and 100 society!"—R. Blair.

the Welfare Plan. Even the general tons of steel reinforcing used in the "A faithful friend is the medicine of life."

supervision has been given on a purely structure. The bins are 116 feet from the Ecc. 6:16.

voluntary basis without any fees or basement floor to the top, and the headwas with deepest sorrow and reis compensation. 176 house that of Elders hundreds and feet from the basement ITgret

floor to top. the The nature of the construction is diffriends of of Dalton John Howard

ferent from any other building ever The elevators are being equipped Auckland, New Zealand, learned of his erected in Utah. As one witnessed with modern machinery, which includes demise. He passed away in Auckland,

the forms climbing upward, inch by two mixing hoppers, one sacking maNew Zealand, April 2, 1940, having inch, apparently on their own power, it chine, grinding machines, separators, lived a long and extremely useful life.

seemed that after all it might be possible washers for the grain, conveyor belts, John Howard Dalton was born in for one to lift himself up by his own dust fans, and a complete spouting London, England, came to New Zeabootstraps. As a matter of fact, the system from the bins as well as to the land when six years old, and departed

forms for the bins were raised with 103 various machines. Grain can be dumpthis life at the age of eightytwo years.

jacks, each of which was fastened to ed from either trucks or freight cars Early in 1890 Mr. Dalton formed an

a steel beam one inch in diameter, this into the elevators, with a man hoist and acquaintanceship with the Elders who beam being buried in the concrete as the pumping equipment to handle the grain. were sent to New Zealand to do misstructure rose and forming part of the labor, offered his postsionary and writing of this time (June 5, At thereinforcement. that use they might to them box contributed a office 284 have 1940), men

After ground tests and other prelimtotal of 42,886 manhours of labor to it and have their mail protected while, inaries were completed, the space to be the project, and by the time that the in those days, they might be traveling occupied by the elevators, which are elevators are completely finished and hundreds of miles distance from Auckninety-two feet long and fortyeight the machinery installed it is expected land on horseback through the swamps feet wide, was excavated with a modthat another 20,000 manhours of labor and on roads that were not made as ern dragline. The 626 piles, each forty will have been donated either on a they are today.

feet long, were driven into the ground. voluntary basis or through the bishops As new Elders arrived in the New

These formed a veritable forest of of the respective wards in accordance Zealand Mission the mail increased unpiling. In all, twentyfive thousand with the Welfare Plan. til it was seen that there was more mail

pilefeet piling used. of has to the the were various Elders Each from coming structure, the looks he one upon As tons. of carrying capacitya twentyfive quarters of Zealand from and New in heart, his involuntarily says "We the completed, driving theAfter there was than to Dalton America H. was for Prophet!"a Thee, thank God, O off tips piles of theextreme so, were sawed very J.Dalton Mr. & Company. And certain secursense of and peace a and

all in length.so they be even would generously to the over gave ZeaNew ity soul. his enters

In between the piles, washed gravel was land Mission his box, Box 72, Auckplaced and over the gravel tons of steel land, New Zealand, which has become reinforcing were laid. Then came the so familiar to thousands of Elders and

first concrete. great of pouring their families in Zion, and it is still The Robert Lee Pye to reinforced footing"great"mass is one used today.

written verse following was by rests directly slabconcrete upon 'T'he and time, Dalton's business At that Mr.

It totally deaf, 57, ** Robertthe Lee Pye, is said to 626 piles. be the largest consisted of gentlemen's a retail clothing

single concrete slab ever to be poured almost blind, one of those numerous establishment and tailor shop. Prior to

continuously in the history of Utah, The humble, heroic, and worthy but largely his death he had extended his business footing was poured on April 16, 1940, "unknown and unsung"persons. Thirtyto include a great wholesale dry goods

and was completed in one day, although five years ago he was dying in a hosinstitution in Auckland, a large woolen many of the brethren working on the pital in England and, at that time, made mill in Napier, and mercantile estabjob labored very far into the night un- a covenant with God, that if He would lishments in Wellington and in Hamilder bright electric lights. help him, and also show him the Truth, ton, which had been managed personFollowing the pouring of the slab, he would follow the Gospel though it ally by him, up to the time of his death.

forms were set up for the giant strucled to the cross! The Mormon Elders In 1908, through Mr. Dalton, exture. These forms were approximately then came; he received a personal testitensive credit was extended to the New

four feet high and when completed mony of the truthfulness of Mormonism Zealand mission president in a time of outlined all the walls of the various bins and embraced it, though his kin in Engurgency, which act of service and trust and headhouse. When the forms were land, wealthy people, utterly cast him from 9 friend who was not a member

completed, the pouring began and it was out; and, though he has, from that time, of the Church, enabled the mission

estimated that it would continue night known unremitting poverty and trouble president to purchase the Church's and day for fifteen days. However, to this day, his testimony remains, present valuable holdings on Upper

because of the loyalty of our brethren shining powerfully within him. Queen Street.

efficiency the they withand which his their wife, Dalton, son, Mr. and Spirit to Lord, me, come the splendid together withworked, visit Willie, paid a remembered much self, to turn eyes Thee; from letmyThysupervision given, the was work reyears America some ago and life, truth, art the the the way: to acToThou

tually completed in nine days. The So lead me in that narrow way newed acquaintanceship with their old

thousands of spectators who witnessed For though I look to all mankind, friends. His death is mourned by hunthe pouring night and day actually saw I turn away, I still am blind; dreds of personal friends here in Amerlight of But endless Thou, day, building their eyes,the under O very grow ica, friends the have of partaken who

that should'st lead the know Thou way inch.inch hospitality his by of homeof-thealways

I up! to up! am, where Thee! IFrom all, In there are sixteen opendoor. Sympathy and warmest bins—six light, realms Eternal Dayl To

feet in bins diameter withround twenty chillove to his his are extended wife, I shall see; I then know, O ofLord,

a capacity of 27,632 bushels each; four So lead me Lord, I humbly pray. dren, sonsin-law and daughtersin-law,star bins with a capacity of 15,377—R. Lee Pye. and grandchildren.

*J)nMe

Through THIS ROAD EARTH, DOWNHEAVEN ON picture of Wangsgaard. itshowpages,freedomthe readerwas isgainedgiven bya surethe Wings Press, { Eva Willes Society Planned MormonA

(William John McNiff, Mississippi New York, 1940. 75 pages. $1.50.) Englishhave keptfolkthemfromin subjection.the rulers who would

Valley Press, 1940.) Divided into five sections: Silver Threads Miss Bentley has added to her laurels as

in of novelist sensitive her skilled, book a Strung, Slimming Shadows Are is fairminded scholarly, a book delightfully customs, times ancient and andThis Skies, All the Eastern Lengthen Toward Latterthe of endeavors the of study characters. /. C. portrayed M. Light as Rest, of Cool and Earth Knows to bring 1877, to Saints, 1830 fromday this the Loam, Toward Leaning Foam, for spiritual happiness material andabout CHINA'S fifty wellWALL contains a THROUGH poems by volume build a the of membership the Illustrated Peck. Church—to (Written and Graham by to addition the in author, Foreword loved

earth. onheaven Boston. Mifflin Houghton Company, President written O. David McKay, who by realization of the to leading factors As 1940. $3.50.) is in with true states: poet sympathy "The separate in discusses, author the ideal this to and humanity, kinship nature, senses a Cooperation; the characteristics the Chiof Economicchapters, showing Mormon all in things."created of the sees glory God BY Education; Intelligence; of the Function their people, natural apathy and nese this to lives of these author up poems The the Theatre; Influences; finally their Group author, Various the aroused, vigor when poet. true definition of a introductory Brotherhood. andMusic, the to curin of pointing An addition out some her of of stimulating the poems most One the history of briefly recites thechapter the situations, feeling the of creates rent is into is Is divided which Kind,""Dust

is placed upon the emphasis its peChurch. That oriental real customs and with China Shall Shibboleth, parts: Earth three Where the factors book cultural makessocalled culiarities. inthe to In addition of wealth is It It If challenge a Find, Found. Be and the of treatments Mormonunique the of concerning China, formation among whole live that earth to try heaven to to on us so

story. desert, the the including author makes Gobi here. reestablished can be

are unusually themes chapter of various entertaining the reading because doubly The is the favorite sonnet, author's form The five hundred than hiswell documented. generously More sketches clever are which expertly. C. she handles which M. J. sources, toreferences, the the voluncommon of throughout scattered pages some

statements made. thesupport ume. /. C. M. CHILDREN WITH are of minor READING in the errors book A few Viking T. Eaton. (Anne Press, New accidental. clearlyimportance, IS and JOB MY NEWS 1940. York, $2.50.) 336 pages. clearer times the picture becomes of Booker. Lee (Edna Macmillan Company, The

is the allowing unstrength 1940. pages. $3.00.) York. byand 369 won New to teachers, importance invaluable themselves, for to and facts speakcovered OF this is volume, librarians, parents and in author, China, correspondent a questions. alone disputed leavingby The books, both numberless the dealing with picture of the painted not only has it a title; does is true but to book The should children which old with new, and situation also very has done but modern social far and maenough.not Theits go

is feature helpful acquainted. One become in well of culture depicting the the China efforts to build ofterial aspects "Mormon"

list chapter. the of at the each end book in foremost before culture long which was cultural the interest with equal of areZion

list, ponworth proves This a commendable their the inof had powers modern manyelements.

in following programing dering, and worth enliven ception. incidents amusing Some interesting easy and makes The book

list. reading a wellrounded the the serious of book, in which moments for the general reader the as forreading

this although enough, book is Strangely traces the author the unof development subject. Dr. the of student specialized

in for children's written guidance primarily rest led to the revolution and to the which is congratulated having upon to beMcNiff it adults, will to stimulating reading, prove for of study as a possibility field, Communism fine the chosen within adone, their will wisely use read and more piece who a free China. widely read be doubt willof which no work,

the to importance visitby Mormon and nonMormon.—/. A. W. bookleisureshouldtime beto ingreaterevery homeadvantage.library. This ChinaThe ofauthorthe Lindberghs'mentions with the ill-

—M. C. /. fated Sicius, which inspired a study of posINTERPRETATION OF THE sible air routes which six years later spanPRINTED PAGE WE, THE PARENTS ned the country. M. C. J.

Harper Gruenberg. (Sidonie Matsner Clark. Revised (S. H. by Maud May

Brothers, York, 1939. and 17891939 New AMERICAN THE NOVEL Inc., PrenticeHall,Babcock. New pages. $2.50.) 292 (Carl Company, Van Doren. Macmillan $2.00.) pages. 1940.York, 402

New York. Revised and enlarged edition,

A former student of Dr. Babcock, this This noteworthy book was awarded the 1940. 366 pages. $3.00.)

the as Parents'medal Magazine byAS feelingly of her reviewer can speak Pulitzer scholar the prize who won for outstanding parents published book The interpretation the of toability proper teach for his Franklin again once Benjamin year. prethe past during book was The this exrevision of Inprinted page. an his in achieves revision of American The the the Child of pared Study head Asby hasceptional added Dr. Babcock book, this In Novel. included has he combook intelligently, tolerantly, sociation, and who revitalize features will the very whichmany all of the ments recent on most books and assistance authoritatively to parents gives S. proClark, offine accomplishment H. writers. the current All to wish be who the of perplexed world. modern by Some in University Chithe offessor of speech wellread this should their to add book will practhe chapter indicate the headings until his death. time the ofcago libraries, the because in gives author additicality of the book: Early Months The

the sections, into twelve Divided main tion historical to the to approach our adthe Years, ParAuthority and and Modern as: subjects deals with important suchbook in art the vance the of insight novel an Differ, ent, the Children All up Halfway

Speech Speech TheThe into criticism will the increase diswhich Unit—Grouping, Stairs, Learning Radio of Money, the Uses

Idea, Important PunctuParagraph. The criminatory all readers. of powers /. C. M. Parents the Adulthood, Movies, Toward

ation, Denotation and Connotation, People. EmoAreand

includestion, Analysis, and a Foreword heartily that all parents recommend LET'S We GO OUTDOORS section Pronunciation Proaand on by this (Harriet into put the suggestions and Illustrated E. Huntington, book by

F. or Smith,fessor University Utah. Joseph

/. Preston C. Duncan, Doubleday Doran and readpractise,—M. inthe are great value addenda whichOf Inc., Co., 1939. York, $2.00.) New toclude: Teachers, Suggestions Preface

and Introduction to the First Edition. THE(PhyllisPOWERBentley.ANDMacmillanTHE GLORYCompany, HPhis book dealing with the small outAll people who are genuinely interested New York, 1940. 475 pages. $2.50.) * door animals is a valuable addition to

in improving their ability to read the printed the library.of all who would know the

page correctly and pleasurably will find This historical novel takes as its locale a animal kingdom. The illustrations are

this an invaluable book, for in addition valley in old Yorkshire, England, in beautifully clear and vivify the text. This

to the explanatory work, there are countless the time of England's Civil War from 1640 book with its washable cover should serve examples from the world's great literature to 1660. Related by the heroine of the to acquaint all with the little animals and

with which to put into practice the prinstory, Penninah Clarkson Thorpe, it gains to increase a respect for the good which ciples expounded.—M. C. /. poignancy through its recital from her lips. many of them do for humanity. -M. C. J.

412 \ EYES OF THE SOUL THREE RAINDROPS WHERE IS PEACE?

By Ida Powell Brown By Cristel Hastings By Ruth May Fox

did "I see,"peace; sure. '"Phree confident say, so and T)eace you say? There is no raindrops fell upon my windowYou *- fled pane, I sightless into look whitewinged dove has The must your And

eyes, And as I looked out idly on the rain Beyond the pale of mortal ken;

And wonder, darling; you were blind at I named one raindrop You—the other /, Confusion reigns instead.

birth. And sighed to see the third go racing by.

Sometimes the heart within me almost Confusion in the hearts of men, dies, But You and / joined hands, as raindrops do, On land and on the sea,

When I, who worship all the hues of spring; So we could travel faster, and we two Above the clouds in God's free air The glowing gold, the tender rose and Soon caught the third raindrop—the way There's no tranquility.

green, seemed less Must see you blindly go your patient way, Because we named the third drop—HappiDread mechanisms, fiendish, dire,

For color can't be told; it must be seen. ness! Devised by our own kind,

Pour down destruction from the skies, kill, soul, to the of they say. blind eyes maim, and are windows The To PICTURE ON THE never though look But your eyes may at OF GLEANERTHE MANUAL flower of the race, The me, human

Carter By Uva May valiant the strong, lilting, The and voice laughing has a Your young might found a note. to have peace way about something sweet those two Who There's tyrant's the cut be, within happiness such thong can And you How in hand, walking hand Who,

darkness hides the from always sun When spires; the stately at upward Gaze

to which death, With he goads you? the men for stand moment, a And,

is sets the thing you'll a moonlight world aflame never And When in of contemplation though As fears see? of soul, anguish and With the that blessings await The

a conqueror's win name. To this those All house, unto come who

lightly o'er pass face. so hands your You my its to walls take Within

fingers, will gentle sensitive wise, children Your God's and learn to live sacred The vows that make them one When feel of Christian Almost must the brownness The of life way my all eternity. hair; For

Almost must know the blueness of my And turn their thoughts to righteousness eyes. And do away with strife?

Perhaps 'tis I who blindly go my way,

And you who know a greater, higher goal. Then will the dove of peace return

For I see color only with my eyes, With blessings in her wings,

While it's the essence of your very soul. And fly abroad from land to land

and its While earth rejoicing sings:

Reliqion Oh, blessed day! All wars have ceased. A MATTER OF CHOICE

The tyrant's sword is sheathed;

By A, W. Norton No man will answer to his call;

The life that God bequeathed that isn't strange some folks dreamIT toil, others dig Is His alone to give or take; While and

Since roses and potatoes grow No autocrat shall dare

Within the selfsame soil. To set the precious life stream free

And war on man declare!

Nor is it strange when day is done,

Like satellite and star, all satisfied areThat to be THE CANDLES OF THE LORD are. as theyExactly

By Lydia Hall

the desert's heat and dust spires WESTERN BALLAD **A midTheir afar gleam

By John Sherman Walker In reverence for Christ, the Son,

Who died and rose once more.

soundCourageous of a cavalcade SONNET TO heart carry can THE BRIDE AND What doubt Wending when these westward GROOM tall, year, slim, Each the and white, Across plain

Horizon ever in hope arrayed By Lael Woolsey Hill And beautiful, in glory rise

Like of out night? the hills Him the gird Where radiance in faces, glows happy your Now domain; new A once only Where glad was expectancy grief of Or know and sorrowPerpetual plodding of oxenteam when if you'd inside stepped eternity As

hills are flowerstarred, The story a Stamps rapturous One the moment, and heavenly lighted the with And splendor roll of huge wheels The places candles the of The Lord? grinding axle to carve a themeOn at Belonged to spirit; united once your

true glory Of if all glory out of paradise As scroll; prairie On gathered 'round in hearts Had your and

for prayer are laid... bones one whoseA eyes, your SISTERS THREE In lone a tomb life bright, And was did knowing not you

the Along way; Huntington... By it. Mack fear

... strains psalm serene which pervadeA

All the quiet gloom The vows are said, the ceremony done P\awn, unwinding an endless ribbon of

Of parting day; That joined your lives for better or for 1—'light from the whirling spool of earthA bugle's clarion notes that stream worse

Through the morning A gold hand rims around your universe, Day, the careless weaver, often tangling resume The hosts yet boundless one; Which the skein is infinite—aTriumphal song in kiss there your while a cherished dream And speaks a love so

Is adorning true Night, smoothing the hopeless snarl,

The skies that loom. That surely only joy will come to you. reeling it back again!

IweLOn

MATTHIAS F. COWLEY RULON S. WELLS NEARS son, joined the Church when she was

TAKEN BY DEATH EIGHTYSIX four years old and started west with

Dorn July 7, 1854, in Salt Lake City, their ten children in company with what

Saints. as the Mississippi life was known 16 of"PNeath ended the on June President S. senior Rulon Wells,

of at the site wintered company 81. 1-/ Matthias DurCowley, Foss First of the member the The Council of

Pueblo, Colorado, the part of anding than threescore years of more is anticipating Seventy, eightysixth the all, group, in seventeen entered the activity,Church Elder became Cowley anniversary birth. his of fortyFor

Salt Valley with Brigham Lake Young's innoted as the preacher a wards and years seven he has served as of the one others, 24, 1847. on company July Thestakes of missions and the throughout General Authorities of the Church, enthe then fiveyear-old Lovina among filledNorth America Europe. and He in gaging missionary activities many at

later, five them, arrived days on July for positions important themany abroad, and home including as service of along sick the 29, with detachment the asChurch. a of served member He president of the mission, European and the Battalion under Captain Mormon of theCouncil October, from Twelve in also service South America preparBrown. James to 1906. 1897 a man, he young As

served two mission terms in the SouthIn 1861, this pioneer woman became ern States, and only three years ago, the wife of Captain James Andrus in while visiting in Europe, served as a the old Salt Lake Endowment House.

missionary in the missions there. Her husband was in charge of the

In his twenties he was called to travel Church cattle, called the "Canaan in the interest of the Contributor, at that herd,"and they first made their home at

Retreat, Duncan's then at Grafton and officialtime the of the organ Y. M.

to 1 1 864 876, they lived Virgin. From three A. as yearsM. I. He served

superintendent of the Oneida Stake at the Canaan Ranch at Pipe Springs,

Y. M. M. I. A., and was subsequently near the Arizona strip.

called as counselor in the stake presiSurviving Mrs. Andrus are five of

dency. He lived to see six sons and her thirteen children, twentythree

two grandsons fill missions. grandchildren, and thirtythree greatPublished works by Elder Cowley grandchildren.

include the Life of President Wilford INGLEWOOD STAKE

Patriarchs, Prophets andWoodruff, GETS NEW WARDand Doctrine, Cowley's and Talks on numerous articles. ATade up of the old El Segundo

The son of Matthias and Sarah ElizBranch and part of Inglewood abeth Foss Cowley, early pioneers, Ward, the Centinella Ward, Inglewood

Elder Cowley was born in Salt Lake Stake, was organized on May 19, with of six a population members, hundredCity, 1858. attended 25, August He the Inglewood with apWardthe University Deseret. of time leaving one At

eight proximately hundred. Ralph W. legisthe territorial chaplain ofhe was

lature, and later worked in the state Morgan was sustained as bishop with recorder's office. Harold Brimley, formerly president of

the dissolved El Segundo Branch, as

Elder Cowley married Abbie Hyde first counselor and Alfred O. Pardee as

in the Logan Temple on the day it was PRESIDENT RULON S. WELLS second counselor. John C. Rinehart

opened. After her death he married American News Photo. was appointed ward clerk.

Hattie B. Harker, who also preceded

him in death. On September 22, 1899, atory to the opening of missionary FAMED "BROOKLYN"'

he married Luella Smart Parkinson, work there. Keen and alert, deeply LANDING TO BE

with whom he observed his golden wedand ably conversant with the doctrines COMMEMORATED last year. anniversaryding principles this of the and beChurch, the ninetyfourth of anniversary rpHE.

truth, for the loved oldest crusader of besides are his wife Surviving him at ship landing of the Brooklyn living Authorities, the General enjoysfive sons: Salt Dr. Cowley, Hyde W. will Francisco 31, 1846, on San be July love untold of esteem and thousands dentist; City Cowley, MatthewLake 31 celebrated the placing with July the length throughout of breadth and S.president of the L. D. Zealand New at plaque point the bronze of rocks of a land. theMission; Cowley, Charles G. Ogden the corner of on BatBroadway and

city Salt judge; of F. Cowley Streets accordin San Francisco, OF LAST Lake ONECity, auditor accountant; and Lewis J.and OF 1847 terying to Floran announcement made by PIONEERS PASSES real estate Chicago, ofM. Cowley Fitzgerald, ence president the of Moss

dealer; six daughters: Mrs. Abbie C. P\eath on May 31 of Mrs. Manomas San Francisco County Chapter, DaughHarker of Salt Lake City; Mrs. Joseph "Lovina Gibson Andrus, 98, left ters of the Utah Pioneers.

W. Olsen of Springville; Mrs. Edgar only one person remaining of the pioThe Brooklyn, carrying early Latter-

B. Brossard of Washington, D. C; neers who entered the Salt Lake Valley day Saints, under the leadership of

Mrs. John L. Dame of Holladay; Mrs. in 1847. Still alive of the 1847 pioneers Sam Brannan, who chose the water

W. Wayne Austin of Los Angeles. is Mrs. Mary Ann Park Brockbank route while the main body of pioneers

California, and Mrs. Elvin W. Gilof Salt Lake, who will be 96 on July 1 7. traveled west by oxteam, traveled

christ of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; a Mrs. Andrus, who spent the last more than 17,000 miles in six months

sister, Mrs. George A. Seaman of Salt years of her life in St. George, where from New York around Cape Horn to

Lake City; 23 grandchildren; and two she was engaged, despite her blindness the California coast.

greatgrandchildren. since 1922, in temple work, was born Especially mentioned during the comFuneral services were conducted March 10, 1842, in Monroe County, memoration will be Mrs. Elizabeth Bird

June 21 in the Assembly Hall in Salt Mississippi. Her parents, Mary Ann Howell of Preston, Idaho, only known

Lake City. Sparks and George Washington Gibsurvivor of the historic voyage.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

B. Y. U., U. S. A. C. GRADUATES DESERET INDUSTRIES TO eight years; he is active in Scouting

HEAR CHURCH LEADERS MOVE TO NEW QUARTERS and numerous civic organizations and

Opeakers at the Brigham Young UnillflARKiNG another step forward in its theprojects."This IsMrs.the Woods,Place"memoriala membercomof

*-* versity commencement week exertwo years of existence, the Deseret mittee and the Ogden Soroptimist Club, cises were Elders George Albert Smith Industries of the Church Welfare Plan has been past president of the Utah and John A. Widtsoe of the Council of on July 15 will move its general offices, State Nurses'Association. Alice is

the Twelve. Elder Smith spoke at the plant, and one of the ten stores now a teacher in Sunday School, active in

baccalaureate services Sunday, June 2, operated in the program from 342 West choir, M. I. A., and Girl Scout work,

in the Provo L. D. S. tabernacle, and Second South Street to larger headplays the piano, and is a senior in high

Dr. Widtsoe addressed the graduates at quarters at 2234 Highland Drive in school. Herbert Dee attends Primary

the sixtyfifth commencement exercises Salt Lake City, An average of fiftyand Sunday School and finds expression on Wednesday, June 5th. John Utvich five people have been given employin typically boyish interests.

of Los Angeles was valedictorian for ment in the Industries'plan of manuthe four to five hundred men and women facturing articles for resale from salNEW SPANISHAMERICAN who received degrees at the Church invaged materials, but the number is exMISSION HEAD NAMED stitution this year. pected to be increased to one hundred "Tavid A. Haymore of Douglas, AriAt the Utah State Agricultural Colafter the move.. zona, first counselor in the Southlege, Logan, on June 1, Elder Richard ern Arizona District presidency in the

R. Lyman of the Council of the Twelve FRANKLIN J. MURDOCK California Mission, has been appointed

delivered the address at the annual BECOMES MISSION to succeed Orlando C. Williams as

commencement exercises. SECRETARY

President Franklin J. Murdock of

PROGRAMS HONOR BIRTH A the Salt Lake Stake presidency and

OF BRIGHAM YOUNG former head of the Netherlands Mis-

A civic program at Liberty Park and sionsion secretaryhas been andappointedtransportationChurchagent,mis- 7* a public reception at historic Lion succeeding the late Harold G. Reynolds.

House were Salt Lake City's tribute to He assumed his new duties in the the memory of Brigham Young, second Church office building on June 1st.

President of the Church, on the 139th A wellknown Salt Lake accountant, anniversary of his birth, June 1st, WilBrother Murdock received his educaford Owen Woodruff, whose grandtion in Beaver and Salt Lake schools, father drove the carriage in which and at George Washington University

Brigham Young rode into the valley, in Washington, D. C, where he served ORLANDO C. WILLIAMS DAVID A. HAYMORE

of arrangein charge chairmanwas in the time of presidency for some the president of the SpanishAmerican Misfor the the program, parkments while local the of branch has Church. He will leave for mission headsion. He Association John FamilyJohn Young filled to missions the Netherlands. two quarters at Paso, Texas, El about Aufather)( Brigham Young's wasYoung

1st. gust at thesponsored observance the Lion IN MISSION HOME NEW President a former misHaymore, civic authoritiesHouse. Church and STATES NORTHWESTERN sionary in the California Mission, was the of parfamilyand members Young

ticipated in both programs. '"Phe Northwestern States mission president of the Douglas Branch for

A home and small church adjoining, three years. With his wife, Emma G.

Huish Haymore, a supervisor located Street 25th who is Southeast at 1412 PRESIDENT TO GONEW of junior genealogical work, in he also Portland, sold Oregon, been have SOUTHERN STATESTO and new mission headquarters purheaded the Nacozari, Mexico, Sunday

Appointment of Elder William P. chased at 2120 Twentyfourth Street in School, organized by the late President

"Whitaker, member of the Pocatello the same city. The new residence will Rey L. Pratt. The parents of nine

Stake High Council, to succeed Merrill provide ample room for the mission children, Brother and Sister Haymore

D. Clayson as president of the Southoffice and staff and for the living quarhave two sons now on missions, one

ern States Mission has been announced. ters of the mission president and his in New England and one in the SouthPresident Whitaker, a former bishop family. The old home had served since ern States.

of the Pocatello Fourth Ward, will 1910, when it was erected by the late

Elder Melvin J. Ballard, then presiding CUMORAH PAGEANT TO

over the mission. BE HELD AGAIN

are being for completed now Dlans L. D. S. FAMILY WINS A the fourday conference held to be "TYPICAL"RECOGNITION

1, 2, 3, August and 4, at Palmyra, New

HpHE Latterday Saint family of HerYork, under the supervision of the * bert Woods of Ogden was selectEastern States Mission, President ed from among more than four hundred Frank Evans presiding. Conference

contestants to represent Utah at the sessions will be held all four days in

New York World's Fair as her typical the Sacred Grove at the Joseph Smith

American family. They spent the Farm at 9:00 a. m. and 1:30 p. m.

week of May 27 in a model home on This year's performance of "America's the fairgrounds as guests of the manWitness for Christ"has been revised

W. P. WHITAKER MERRILL D. CLAYSON agement under a plan which is sending and augmented and will be presented

"typical"families to the fair from every the evenings of August 2 and 3.

leave for Augusta, Georgia, mission state in turn. Last year approximately 35,000 peoheadquarters, about August 1, accomSelection of Mr. and Mrs. Woods, ple attended the two performances.

panied by his wife and three children. their daughter Alice, 17, and son, HerThis year it is expected that nearly

Elder and Sister Whitaker served a bert Dee, 6, was based on representa50,000 people will witness this producprevious mission to the Southern States tive activities: Mr. Woods is presition on its elevated stages on the side

twentyseven years ago under Elder dent of the High Priests'Quorum in of the Hill Cumorah.

Charles A. Callis, now of the Council the Ogden Stake and has been in the Accommodations in Palmyra may be

of the Twelve. Ogden Twentieth Ward bishopric for {Continued on page 418}

{W&rijat

the Church and Kingdom of God, here is evidence

PRESIDENT GRANT'S MESSAGE TO THE more convincing than any dissertation.

JUNE CONFERENCE And if anyone should ask what will bring the

President Grant was present at the Sunday Church to its ultimate destiny, and, indeed, afternoon session in the Tabernacle at 2:00 p. m June what will save America and civilization itself, the

9. His greeting and blessing, the full text of which answer is: more of this kind of devotion to principle

follows, was read by President McKay on that ocregardless of soft living or personal convenience.

casion: We had it a generation ago. May God help us to

is full to me, is a real pleasure and Tt my heart of keep it and pass it on! R. L. E.

* sit here pleasure to gratitude, the for having and see this vast audience.

As you have been informed, I had hoped at least to attend on Friday and Saturday the morning meetings of the Mutuals and Primary for an hour or more each. But my doctor and associates

thought it would be unwise for me to do so. "pROM far andnear, they gathered: the youth and

I am grateful beyond expression to the Latterthe leaders of youth in the Church, eager to day Saints for their faith and their prayers in my participate in the activities which bring to them a behalf during my recent sickness. I feel sure that more abundant life. Twentythree hundred of the

only through the blessings of the Lord and your youth gathered on the Saltair floor and thrilled an faith and prayers am I permitted to be with you audience of several thousands with their dancing, today. and more than all else with their radiant, wholeThe Saints have my constant faith and prayers some attitude toward activity and fun. Nine hunthat peace, prosperity, and happiness may be their dred and fifty gathered in the Assembly Hall and

I of all earnestness the with pray portion, and my these song. their joy in express to Of I Tabernacle into war. get not country that our heart may fifty, conand fifty two hundred nine hundred and will all do, I that of sure you God pray, and am of twelve the ages chorus between stituted a boys'of for all the others good this and overrule war

humanity. and seventeen. On Sunday morning in the testiFor the prosperity of the Saints and the success mony meeting, several of these boys arose and told

that is attending their labors I am grateful beyond of their belief in the Church and their happiness expression. My love and blessings go out not in their singing.

only to the Saints, but to all the honest the world The leaders of youth, forwardlooking people, over, and I pray that the wicked may see the error eager to obtain the best pointsof-view on how to of their ways and repent. lead the vast body of the younger members of the

Church, came together to renew themselves. Fortyfive hundred Primary leaders and seven thousand

Mutual Improvement Association workers gathered lAniiL AaleatecL for inspiration and guidance.

"D eplying to a recent invitation to attend a homeIn June Conference, the thought uppermost in coming celebration in Cache Valley, one of the the minds of all was how they could help youth

Mormon pioneer colonizers of Arizona wrote as develop their inherent powers to the greatest of follows their ability, for their own joy and for the increase "Prescott, May 21, 1940. of happiness throughout the world. What a gloriValley: friends Cache dear of Logan and "My regiment forces which would contrast to those celebration, ous to the invitation homecoming received "I your uppermost youth, of whose and leaders youth for it. thank you and

"My husband, Ben S. Johnson, and I were called to Arizona thought is how youth can be trained to increase the

in January, 1876, and I have never been back to Logan since. power of the state, regardless of the cost to youth,

until were to here stay told us we Brigharn Young President of youth for happiness the and development but where 4, 86, on, 1939, age passed husband released. May My important. are not considered sake its own release. for waiting my I am still here

"My brother, Henry A. Martineau, is here at the Pioneers'Through dancing, singing, hiking, all of these

will to travel be are able 87, and age in Prescott, if we Home for impetus received workers Primary and Mutual again, old once the see town like to home there, as I would at exhibits folk. Looking with young their work on. friends passed all have old our nearly although

"Hoping all have a glorious time. of successful work of last year, talking with one

"Sincerely, another about the courses of study, listening to (Signed) "Elvira Martineau Johnson."projected activity for next year, these delegates

pledged themselves anew to the joyous leadership

Sixtyfour years at one post! Five presidents of youth. They know that true recreation builds

of the Church have taken office since that call was for greatness of character; they know likewise that

made by Brigharn Young and accepted by two disregard for recreation frequently results in soryoung people just past twenty years of age. Rerow, if not in tragedy.

never the other has to death came lease by one—and organizations great spirit of these two May the in line duty. of forth ventured since she been home of those lead and souls fire the to who continue

If anyone should ask what has made the West, those who are led that the Church may continue here is the answer more eloquent and revealing than to increase its power for good throughout the a tenthousand-word treatise on the subject. If world.—M. C. /.

anyone should ask what qualities of manhood and (See also pages 395, 396, 432, and 433 for further messages womanhood have contributed to the upbuilding of and pictures of the June Conference.)

"That most plants and animals are made of cells is a wellestablished fact based on innumerEvidences and able observations, the first of which is generally attributed to Robert Hooke in 1665. As to the cell

theory, it is only one hundred seventythree yearsreconciliations later, in 1 838 and 1 839, that it was clearly formulated by Schleiden and Schwann.

xxvii. JPul QsdL Jh&tfu in, "How does the theory differ from the fact?

Essentially in this: the fact is that most living

Qju&djtiofv beings are cellular, and the theory is that all living 'T'his department of the Era has repeatedly called matter should be cellular; in other words, the fact

attention to the danger of confusing factual is that a cellular structure has been observed, and is structure the is that such a cellular theory a is, facts of obsertheoreticaland knowledge—that.. existence of life.. condition for the necessary refacts. Facts of thevation with explanations

main constant under given conditions; theories "The essential point... is the contention that

usually change with the increase in knowledge. The the more we learn about life, the more the cell

history of science is replete with evidences of the theory loses its chances of being true. The distruth of this statement. covery, or the more complete observation of a

during years of facts the hundred which number the of is anniversary the hundredth This year thesince the formulation the cell of elapsed have "that theory great of the formulation and useful of synthetic ory, well comprehension as a as more cellular, that such all living and should matter be facts, the that highly probable these make it now for the is condition cellular necessary structure aa cell is structural unit necessary of any not the celebration, the of the midst In of life."existence

living for theories, those matter. old Like as many St. University Louis of Basile Luyet Professor J. light, electricity, of the nature nature of the on calls the on to attention 15, (Science, 1940) March

etc., matter, of to time structure the the seems on observalaboratory of presentation fact, the by

cell for into also the to the theory pass have come last the of tions, knowledge the that accumulated the past. realm of a theory no which To abandon is not wholly indicates the cell theory that century

facts is studied agrees the only with newly modified. Note longer fundamentally true, but must be

matterof-fact which biologists can modern by the following quotations from his paper: way

it."pioneers the honor who formulated

"Theories have often been dangerous because they were held as doctrine;... the elaboration of This clear but somewhat technical statement

theories, at least in an implicit form, is a necessary touches the very bottom of the philosophy of and unavoidable procedure in any thinking. To science. By the use of his senses man observes and

the universe of the phenomena he in which only reports situation ourselves reconcile need with the we his inborn desire lives. Then, driven by to know to the necessity theories but of rememto recognize

ber also that they are dangerous tools which should the truth, he attempts to explain his observations.

rise set in the the sun does in the east and in only those enough Why of be put the hands who know is in there nature? constant west? change Why science of thinking believe in them. to never The

1 use these tools, that With his best available knowledge man attempts consists in knowing how to is, in never admitting any theory except as a posto answer these and innumerable other questions.

sibility.... Scientific explanations, products of thoughtful reflection and reasoning upon observed facts, are

"A theory is often considered acceptable if it often nothing more than shrewd guesses or good is useful and if it allows one to foresee unknown probabilities. As new facts are obtained, as with

facts. It is clear, however, that, in the last analysis, the cell theory, the explanations usually change.

we require more than that from a theory; we want It should always be remembered that facts of obit to represent the truth. We are not satisfied in servation are much more trustworthy than the

knowing what a thing might be, as proposed by explanations, inferences or theories, of the facts.

any theory; we want to know what it actually is, Many unnecessary difficulties have been set up and

and this is proposed by only one theory. When much real damage has been done by the careless

it becomes evident that a theory does not represent confusion of facts and inferences. Cocksureness

the truth, even if it has been useful and is still usein science is a mark of the immature.

it facts, ful in discovery the of new we abandon

If the cell theory, so unquestioningly accepted might have more which try a new theory and chance of being the true one. In general, a theory for a century, is crumbling, then every theory may

is useful in proportion to its nearness to the truth, well be on trial, and properly so. The true scientist

but there are examples of theories which have always stands humbly before the inexhaustible been useful for centuries and finally had to be ocean of the unknown. That which his senses

abandoned as inadequate to explain newly discoverreveal to him, he may accept; but his explanations

ed facts; such is the case of the old classical theory of nature he must ever hold in abeyance.

of the corpuscular nature of light. In the last anWhen the credentials of science are examined,

alysis, then, the decision as to the acceptance or the claims of religion seem more credible than maintenance of a theory depends only on the answer ever. In fact, there is good reason to claim for

to the question: Has this theory a chance of being religion a validity far above that of certain corners

true or not?... of A. W. science.—/.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 19 4,0

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 415) arranged by writing Mrs. Maude Collins, 305 W. Jackson Street, Palmyra,

N. Y.

DR. CARL F. EYRING

CHURCH RADIO SPEAKER /Currently heard during the Church *-* radio hour on Sunday evening is

Dr. Carl F. Eyring of the Sunday

LAKE FOR FIELD FROM THE SALT THE MISSIONARY HOME of the MISSIONARIES LEAVING General and deanSchool Board 1940 ARRIVED MAY 16, MAY 6, 1940—DEPARTED Sciences, BrighamSchool of Arts and

Toler, left Cornell, Arline Martindale, right: to Netta G. Haws, Norman.Maurice First row, A. Ruth Savage, "The Book ofYoung University.

Warjstaff. C. Dale McDonald.

the subject Speaks"forms Steele, President B. Colton, Don Smith,Mormon Afton row: Hardy, Veda Leone Beatti, Ralph of MargeuriteSecond Kuhni, Homer

Barker. David are heardhis series of talks, which

Third row: David Dredge, Mrs. Grace W. Lewis, Annie Vander Woude, Fern Grover, Jay MacFarlane,

nine at eveningover Sunday KSL every Mac Little.

E. Berrett, instructor; Richard Carlisle, David Jenkins, Bowden Kenworthy, Louis Day,p. m., MST. Kent Giles,Fourth Dwaynerow: WilliamG. Weston.

BOOK OF MORMON IN Fifth row: Reid Young, Gordon Bergstrom, Gordon Webb.

PORTUGUESE READY A first edition of the Book of Mor ** mon in the Portuguese language official language of Brazil—has recently come off the press. The translation enjoyed a unique preview when

Rulon S. Howells, former president of

I Brazilian Mission, the bookthe showed El

Brazilians who 1 group of notedto a stopped in Salt Lake on a tour of the,- United States. The travelers, some /

to the delegatesof whom were official

Scientific CongressPanAmerican in MISSIONARIES ARRIVEDLEAVING FORMAY THE27, FIELD1940—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTJUNE LAKE6, 1940MISSIONARY HOME

Washington, D. C, in May, examined First row, left to right: Una Oldroyd, Geneel Oldroyd, Lewis Greenwell, President Don B. Coiton, Kay P.

the edition with great interest. (See Lyman, Richard S. Miller, Juliet Jensen, Barbara Satiford.

also page 398.) Smith,SecondVerda row:Stewart,MarellLaReeWaite,Nuffer,EdnaDorisConrad,Johnson.Greta Moody, Sheridan Anderson, Leland R. Olsen, A. Vernon

Pfost. Florence Brizzee, Treva Howard,SWISS COMPLETE Third row: Beth Ricks, Raymond C. Johnson, Lloyd M. Abbott, Grant Bowler, Glenn Cook, Charles P. Knell, Virginia row: Fourth

Holmes. Peterson, Darington, Tecla Mary Amy

Alicebeth Williams, Whiteley, Helen row:BASEL CHAPEL R. Root,Fifth Bernice Smith, Opal Weekes, Donald E. Matthews, Raymond G. Hess, Romeo Grant C. Brower, Don Nuffer, John N. Jackson, Garren

Luielda Raddon. Peterson, Knight, S. Don in Basel, chapel $42,000 newHThe Coffin, Bousfield, Willis Petersen, Ernest Johnson, Kelley, Laub, Sixth Gordon row: Kathryn Carma Max

* Redd. Viehweg, Alene Michaelis, Iryse Fay Switzerland—first Alder, Instructor; Eggleston, Hunter, Eliza R. Brady, Len E. Berrett, Karl G. Jay C. Seventh row: Wm. built in the tochapel be Walker. Dortha Martin, R. Alvin L. White, Churchownedmission—was Raymond

used for the first time Sunday, May 5, by members of the Swiss Mission meetpresident with pointed Arthur at Wisconsin, a chapel Lyndhurst, W. new comconference. ining annual The

first as Cecil E. as Schwieder and Hart 28. April President received bymunication was counselor. second

of Bisbee, Etna, Arizona; at supervisor Chapels E. McKay,Thomas

Rollins the of President H. Melvin Lyreports Fallon Sparks, also California; missions, and and NewhoEuropean has Stake succeeded been man Thomas by California Mission, several the missions all of vada, in thethat German remains Brough. C. Walker John J.

spring district conferences have already were dedicated during May by Elder first counselor, with Amber C. Davidson

been conducted under local Church John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the succeeding James E. Eyre as second counleadership. Twelve. selor.

A new seminary building in GrantsWillis A. Oldroyd as president, with

PRESIDENT, SISTER GRANT ville and an addition to the Tooele Earl Albrecht and Willard D. Brinkerhoff

counselors, as President succeeds William dedicated.by President seminary DAYOBSERVE WEDDING were

F. of his Stake Webster and the Wayne of the of the Council Rudger Clawson counselors Okerlund and George of W. by membersCurrounded 12. on their Twelve May T. Eckersley. George Heber family, President and Sister*T

the chapel and The Gunnison Ward observed 26 quietly Grant on MayJ. chapel were Spanish Fork First Ward WARD, BRANCHES anniversary. fiftysixththeir wedding

26, the dedicated May STATUS 1884. latter by PresidCHANGE 26, marriedThey were May Richards. ing Bishop Le Grand "feelSister Grant werePresident and Branch, Duchesne Stake, "pRUiTLAND

ing fine"and were happy to be at the formerly dependent on the Strawfamily ahead of an independent Ward, is now group after fiftysix STAKES RECEIVE NEW berry life. married ofyears branch. has also Strawberry PRESIDENCIES Ward

CHURCH BUILDINGS "D eorganizaton of presidencies in beenbe knownmade asanStrawberryindependentBranch.branch, to

RECENTLY DEDICATED "three stakes brings the following Payette Branch, Weiser Stake, was

A mong Church buildings dedicated by changes formerly dependent on Ontario Ward.

traveling General Authorities durIn the Idaho Falls Stake, President Formerly dependent on Kline Ward, ing recent tours of missions in the states Leonard G. Ball and his counselors, John Durango Branch, Young Stake, is now

are the following: M. Homer and Cecil E. Hart have been independent.

Elder Sylvester Q. Cannon dedicated released. John M. Homer has been ap- (Continued on page 432)

THE FLOWERPICKER Whatever you do, be sure he feels

By Dorothy Hevbst that his garden is absolutely his to do with as he will. Do not pick his flowONEopenmorningkitchenI wasdoor drawnby the tosoundmy permission.ers or borrowRespecthis toolshis propertywithout askingrights, UJCUf&

of an angry voice from across and he will learn to respect those of WHEN YOU the alley. I scarcely needed to look to others.

difthat and ratherknow my childless learned has what a child Once flowCAN withficult neighbor, Mrs. Allen, was the ers grows to the person who mean

source of the disturbance that shatterthem, you should have no difficulty ed the peace of the early morning. Nor with the neighbors, who naturally want

was I greatly surprised to see that to pick their own. At the same time, MASON

Elena Durham, the fouryear-old you can feel that you are developing JARS & CAPS daughter of the professor who lives in in your child an inborn taste that is the house next door, was the cause of clearly indicated by his urge to pick her rage. Elena had been picking flowers whenever he sees tnem. The

flowers again! Elena is always picklove of growing things is a gift which

ing somebody's flowers. Until that can have infinite value during periods

morning some good angel had steered of enforced leisure, as well as being her away from Mrs. Allen's prized bed the finest antidote for worry and sedof Darwin tulips. entary living. To suppress it is to rob

Remembering the patient efforts of the child of his inheritance.

my own mother, I longed to tell Elena's father there that is a constructive way SAVEto with deal Elena's propensity for THE COOKS CORNER trouble. If you have a youngster that MONEY!

gets into trouble in this way, you want By Barbara Badger Burnett to try it. 'ihe Kerr Mason method of canning is an easy

First of all, you must ignore the sugPotato Chip Crabs wayreporttosavingscut theof foodas muchbudget.as 7c Manyper jar.women

gestion that child the a up will grow crabmeat l/2 pound a thief if is is not punished. he That cup cream 34

vindictive nonsense. A child takes 1 tablespoon horseradish drained

flowers that do not belong to him for 1 tablespoon chopped onion two reasons. He loves flowers, and salt and pepper

chips potato lid Kerr Place on any Masonhe is too yet young to have developed firmly: Easy, band Mason down "selfsealing"jar—screw ofa sense property. his of garden simple, time. of A and sure. waste No fine. and crabmeat chop the Bone Mash will satisfy his for cravingsown to a paste, seasonings. adding and cream

flowers, hasten his understanding of Pile into crisp potato chips. SAVEproperty rights, and start him out on

all that brightena hobby his days. may ENEMY!

to see that Be sure he gets quick and Frosted Melon Salad twisting burned unnecessarysure results. Six in weeks is an eternity or 1 muskmelon lingers—noIt's turning. Kerr cantaloupe andNo to can with a pleasurechildhood, is bitdisappointment and 1 gelatin package lime Caps. Mason Jars and

ter. So start him off with pansy plants 2 packages cream cheese

evaporated milkthat are to ready later, bloom. A little JtefollMWfamim PREFERENCE

seedless grapes 1 cupgive him seed. flower some California

poppies and annual gypsophila are Mason Caps Fit two Frenchlettuce dressing Kerrquick, profuse that bloomers seldom ALL Mason fail, Jars while nasturtiums give sea- a long the Peel or slice the melon. from Cut ofson for daily picking. bloom Doubtthe the seeds. end and Dissolve remove

less, others, you but know many it one gelatin in until required Chill water.

or two varieties will be enough the first begins to thicken. Add the grapes and fill

year. the center of the melon. Chill until firm.

the cheese the with cream evaporated Insure the project failure against by milk,Soften frost entire the of outer surface and soilpreparing the yourself, teach but Chill the until melon. cheese has hardened.the child to plant, to weed, how how slices in lettuce serve Cut and with on

and how to water his garden himself. French dressing. Garnish with sprigs of

Learning by the trial and error method mint.

can come later. This first garden must

flourish. Jellied Veal Loaf

The child may disappoint you by four Put in of veal pounds with a stewpanpulling off his the first, buds at plants slices of onion. two boiling with Cover this. notbut it is forbid do Remember is water, until and slowly cook

his garden. has he Once a few blooms tender. half add cooked When thex/2 teaspoonmeatopen, will he difference. the know salt. You is tender, meat from remove When

can teach him to cut flowers for the the stock and cool. Boil the stock down

house instead of tearing the heads off to about 1 cup. Cool and skim off the fat.

if you give him a pair of blunt scissors Decorate the bottom of a mold with slices hard eggs pimentos. cooked and Cut tencentfrom the store provide and an of

the it in small meat pieces in the and packeasily accessible place for him to keep mold. salt Sprinkle with the and pour onthem. should small, inhave He some Chill stock. firm. until Serve with whipexpensive gardening tools of his own, ped cucumber and horseradish sauce.

too. (Concluded on page 420)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

Homing (Concluded from page 419) Whipped Cucumber and Horseradish

Sauce

1 cup whipping cream 1 cucumber % saltteaspoon minced onion horseradish

Peel and dice the cucumber fine. Sprinkle

with salt and let stand for a few minutes.

Whip the cream very stiff. Add the salt,

onion, and enough horseradish to suit taste.

Just before serving drain the cucumber and add to the sauce.

The plainest, simplest meal takes on a party touch when you serve lots of piping hot, Pineapple Pudding fluffy Globe "Al"biscuits! And they're 1 large can crushed pineapple

SO easy to make in a jiffy with readymixed 2 cups water

Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour! Always keep a \}/2 cups sugar

package handy on the shelf for quick, deli- 5 pinchtablespoonsof saltcornstarch cious biscuits and other good things! 4 eggs, beaten

The SHORT WAY To theBringboilingthepoint.pineapple,Put inwater,doubleandboiler.sugarStirto

STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE water.in the cornstarch,Add the salt.mixedStirtountila pastethick withand

clear. Cook 10 minutes. Remove from

the stone and the eggs add which have their juicy are at strawberries While light. beaten very been Cool and serve

oldfash- to treat best, the family with cream. whipped

ioned strawberry shortcake, two or three times a week. Make it the

quick easy way—with Globe "Al"

Biscuit Flour. Just follow the

recipe package and make on the flakiest shortcake the grandest, you Invincible Circle ever tasted! {Continued from page 403)

GLOBE "AT// rived.draw before the deeper water arAs Louise watched her father

laboring the other men, to BISCUIT FLOUR workingin the deepeningwith save all waters the wagons, she knew that she could never again be so angry with him.

Never again would she try to run away. Quietly she walked over to

look in at the twins, who had slightly stirred at the commotion. A happiness surged through her such as flAti she had never known before. They

Getting meals during hot summer weather is were safe! Her mother now need

never read that terrible note she had fun if you plan your menus around Globe written earlier in the night.

"Al"Macaroni, Spaghetti or Noodles. These

Just then a voice spoke at her el100% Semolina products are richflavored bow, "Louise, how did you discover and wholesome They never cook up AjMACA PONlfa the flood?"

"mushy". It was Florence asking this. Kate

was standing there too. Johnny

West was walking up and a dozen others had turned to hear her anmacaroaw swer.

#o%7sYmouVA'J Louise caught her breath, for a sob

V < * L ""--1rBW almost escaped. "I was watching

a fairyring being made, and it was more magical than if fairies themselves had made it."

As she looked about at the faces whose eyes were wide and mouths were gaping in surprise and dis- (Concluded on page 421

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

Invincible Circle ( Concluded from page 403 You Know 7%rex is belief, a tinkling laugh took the place of the sob. She would soon be explaining THE GENTLE BLEACH

about the buffaloes and their loyalty to the members of their own herdbut never would she tell all these people how she had chanced to see an invincible circle being made.

IVE CUT MY LINEN Meet General Grant BILLS ALMOST HARSH BLEACHES injure {Continued from page 407) IN HALF cottonsfrays. Youandbuylinens.new Clothlinens quicklyinstead

Now President Young was known SINCE I of a new hat.

throughout the territory for his wise CHANGED TO appraisement of livestock. EveryPURE* J

one knew that. Ben remembered the

fine angora goat he had seen in his barnyard. And now President

Young had come to see the prizewinning Devon bull. PUREX IS GENTLE... made

Was this the day toward which by the exclusive Intranl Process,

Father had maintained his "Not which removes impurities. Has full

yet"? bleachingUse as directed.strength, yet linens last.

Ben was not an experienced showman, but he thought a lot of

General Grant, and he wanted him to look right. This was his chance to /Vow ff/ve fourffifchen fie

be somebody. Ben led the General

out into the barnyard. Ben nodded

General's pullhis head. on the A!

also. bull Ben PUREX BEAUTY BATHrope, nodded and the

posed him in a straight, headon, fullnecked stand, then watched the I FEEL LIKE man who sat as prospective pur- A NEW WOMAN

SINCE LEARNED a graychaser, shoulders huddled in TO THE PUREX 2-MINUTE '&''

KITCHEN KEEP a from IMy was sufferingshawl—he

cold—another shawl across his FRESH AND REMOVES TAKES OUT PURIFIES SWEETENS

knees. SPARKLING CLEAN SCORCH STAINS SINK DRAIN

President Young beheld the head WITH PUREX! IT

of the prize bull. He was not too REMOVES STAINS,

sick to see the merits of the massive STICKINESS AND head, which, though massive, had i FOOD ODORS IN no coarseness about it. V 2 MINUTES

"Fine animal, Horace,"he called out.

Then Ben turned the bull half- %- **aa

President that Youngway around > 6 fine points in general see hismight build—the straight top line which *'***

ran the length of the animal, the deep body, the long hind quarters, the neat head.

Ben pointed to the General's graceful horns.

"Splendid,"came the verdict. Simply flood Purex full strength onto clrainboard at end of

regular kitchen cloth. cleanup. a Spread with wet Wipe in led the General a fast walk Ben

sink and cloth. stove enamel with same Rinse

for his best drainboards, President to see Young water. with plain into drain, pour a little Purex Then and

paces. He led him more slowly. let stand to deodorize. Try this amazing "beauty bath"

much—"Fine animal. Fine, Horace. How dailybrighterfor justyour onekitchenweek.is! SeeGethowPurexmuchat yoursweetergrocer's.and

And leaving the two men to come to terms. Ben led General Grant

back to the barn.

Next day President Young's man came for him. He led him down the

lane to the bridge over the irrigation ditch. Ben stood by, holding the {Concluded on page 422) THE GENTLE BLEACHPURAND ALLROUND CLEANSER

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JJLY, 1940

Meet General Grant otherring inendtheofbull'swhichnose.ran through the LATTERDANATIONAL MININGV SAINTHONORWINS

( Concluded from page 42 1 "Well,"said he, "he seems to By Dale Turner gate open. He said no word as Genknow ye.""Oatthew P. Rowe of the L. D. S.

*"'Butte Branch and a junior at the eral Grant and his new keeper pasKnow Ben? Whom might he

sed through. He just looked. know better? Montana School of Mines at Butte was

But that Devon bull, seeing that Ben stepped aside, threw the bolt awarded the A. I. M. E. scholarship

organthe mining given the school to by to follow,Ben gate. bull stood no move of the made the on was The

are and worthy to students ization who still. hissuddenly off slid side. Ben's head tear He jerked A ranking. scholastic outstanding have

to better. see the to turned boy General Grant He of othercheek—unnoticed. student eleventh is the Elder Rowe

go Ben's way. had made the grade and now he

The man leading the General felt passed triumphantly and forever out the pull upon the rope in hand, the of Ben's life.

GRANDEUR OF ANCIENT AMERICA

There were THE MAYAS? WERE WHO

from migrations and distinct Asia to the atnewleastworldtwo. separate.. one

which flourished about 4,000 to 5,000 years ago, and the other, the MayanToltec migration, which began about 600 B. C. The

exact genesis of the Mayan civilization is now generally considered to be August 6, 613 B. C.

WHERE DID THEY COME FROM? According to Catari, "the remote forebears of the Indians were driven to America from the

Old World after the Deluge and eventually reached Caracas, which may possibly be identified with Caraques on the EcuaMATTHEW P. ROWE

dorian Coast."

says, RELIGION? Kingsborough "... One which is WAS THEIR the award, WHAT to school the win

this of the persuades that arguments to believe which name character, leadership, also on based tion is from the the descends to see they Hebrews knowledge

It Genesis. reading the book have... on school to and profession. and service

of records the mythologyof ofMexican the what is warimpossible in heaven and must the scholarship recipient of... fall of other rebellious spirits Zontemoque to The and not

recognize scriptural analogies."plan for special training that will allow

GOLD BREAST PLATE Nowan authoritativein its third workprintingcreatedin onlyby adiscoveryfew months,and studythis bookin theis him to enter the mining industry after

Found at Monte Alban, State of ancient ruins of that country which reveals the past grandeur leaving school.

of civilizations since long illustrated, Profusely this dead. Oaxoco, disMexico. Recently children is married and has two Matt brings 140 of record beautiful views the splendor you covered Governby the Mexican Butte. in reared civilization. born and ancient authorities, were best living American The who of andthis while excavating the ment of one

King's tombs. dead, give their explanations of the wonders left by these The struggle to get an education has early Americans.

his for real fight both him and been a

Binding, $1.00 per copy $2.00—Cloth PRICE Gold from graduated Stamped wife, Lanor. was Matt leatherette (enamel paper cover) $2.50—Deluxe Binding

high school several years before he to to back decided that he wanted go DESERET BOOK COMPANY of for a number He worked South Temple 44 East Salt Lake City, Utah school.

years before returning to school, and continued to do so at night for the first year in college. Since that time he has

worked at anything possible to keep going and all the time has had the brave help and understanding of his wife, who has worked side by side with him.

During all this time both have kept up their Church work in the Butte Branch, uu helping whenever they were called on.

Matt has been an officer in the Sunday

Borden's and I organizations.School as well asHisa wifeteacherhas indonevariouswell

we take it serioy as president of the district Y. W. M.

I. A. ever since the district was organ-

I hate germs—so ized and has taught classes and worked

does any cow at anything she has been called on to do.

producing milk The accomplishments of this couple while taking care of their little family for Borden's. have been an inspiration to all and

For my life is one show true pioneer spirit. At many

long sanitary spree! times it has been necessary for them

And the milk I give is thanto callhumanfor power,help fromand sourcestime afterhighertime right up to Borden's their prayers have been answered. In

high standards. order to keep at the studies and work

and not break under the strain, this Smooth—rich in flavor! couple have had to take the right care

Every canful of Borden's St. of their bodies. Strict adherence to Charles proves again—the Word of Wisdom has been the

answer to this problem and both give full credit to this help. True faith and

Utah confidence that work will be and is reIf it's 73<mk4& Product warded have been the guiding factors

IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD in the lives of this couple.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

THE DAVID SPILSBURY A TRIBUTE TO GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

REUNION By Irene Jones Society for the Aid of the Sightless

HpHE at at reception the a Lion House, (Given 4, his April in seventieth honor of X heldSpilsburyJuly 6, reunion1940> recallsto be the following events in the life birthday) a Latterday Saint seasoned of heart, of behold, understanding the hand the Lord find an now, And To years. fourscore of is flame blind, shalt thee, a friendly not burns be and thou upon Where

seeing the sun for a season. And imme- A heart where gentle Wisdom dwells,

By David Spilsbury diatelyness; andtherehe fellwenton abouthim a seekingmist andsomeonea darkWhoseCompassionatefaith in Godand kind,and man has taught

obtained a testimony of the Gospel sixty to lead him by the hand.—Acts 13:11. A like faith to the Blind.

I yearsFor fouragodaysthroughand nightsfasting I andfastedprayer.in a blind of this community have I lay my troubles at his feet, forest where I had gone with my Bible and THEnot had to seek far for someone Each trial, each bitter loss,

hymn book. I did not see an angel, but the to lead them spiritually out of their And burdens of a hundred more,

"still, small whispered, voice"cross; Gospel the helps bear us "The He darkness. are betheir mist and They

is true."Consecrated our Lord by ing guided gently George by Apostle

I Later, light; Bible, read the Apostolic chapchapter by With President of the Society Smith, Albert ter, all soul, in his and of the Consecrated well as works, Church

as the lives of Church leaders. I knew them for the Aid of the Sightless. So sweet He makes our darkness bright;

all except the Prophet Joseph Smith. My has been his influence and so complete A loving radiance he sheds

father was his bodyguard and heard him his understanding that it is impossible That comes from God to man, deliver that memorable speech to the Nauto express the gratitude of the blind toAnd we who walk in lifelong night, voo Legion, dressed in his uniform and ward him. I nave tried, however, to Can see as others can.

mounted on his favorite horse, Joe Duncan. convey our sentiments in a few lines of

father bore a strong testimony his loving face tender My of poetry. Although

the Prophet's is divine mission. shut apart, For fifty From us

years, Father in the an officer the see was Sunday gracious wisdom

Schools heart; his in Dixie. horseback understanding and in his THE UNDERSTANDING HEART WeOf On

little buggy he traveled more than thirty By Irene Jones We feel a peace within his soul thousand miles over the rough Dixie roads And know a peace our own;

visiting the Sunday Schools in the St. When Life beats hard with stormy hands, We hear his silent prayer that tells

George Staka until he was ninety years of And bitter teardrops fall; We do not walk alone;

age, when his son David succeeded him. When friendless Winter chills my soul, His faith in us will give us strength,

Father, a mason by trade, was a member And empty echoes call—As unseen paths we plod;

of the bishopric in Toquerville and held 'Tis then I turn, with eager hope, Our souls uplifted by a man other Church and civic positions in ToquerMy steps though spent and lame, In partnership with God.

ville. He built many homes in Utah. Mother

was a dressmaker and an officer in the Relief Society for twenty years. My wife has

also been a lifelong Relief Society worker.

In 1880 I went to England, where I saw the gifts of the Gospel made manifest as inrecorded the Testament. There New Foods

also I felt the of the evil one power when To Make we laid our hands upon those who were possessed of evil spirits, but we had powerover them and rebuked them in the name More Tempting of Jesus Christ. In the past sixty years I

have filled three missions to England and TANG, the Perfect Salad DressingStates. of thethe United time Part I travAdd tangy flavor with TANG to saleled purse or scrip, without but was always

blessed with food and a place to sleep. We ads, sandwiches, cold meats, sea

held meetings in parks, on the streets, in foods, sausages, wieners, cheese dishchapels, and schoolhouses. In England I es, sliced tomatoes, fresh or canned

souls. honestbaptized seventeen While on asparagus, potato salad.

baptizeda mission Father to Wales, had the same number before coming to America Use NALLEY'S Fresher MAYONin 1842.

My wife, Annie Spilsbury, and I have NAISE to impart that touch of skill lived nearly sixty years in Dixie and over which will invariably make your saltwenty in Salt Lake. We have eight chilads outstanding. Makes salads rich

dren flat. friends. and Wehaveprizebeenten blessedbooks givenwith manyus as—not

Christmas presents by President Heber J.

Grant. During the past sixty years we

have paid our tithing, donations, and fast offerings, and taxes, and have kept out of debt. As temple workers, we have done

fourteen names. hundredabout I was secBLADE SJQr4 VA"ROSEWOOD HANDLE presidentretary of the 9th quorum and later

of Seventy. I have been a teacher for

many years in Dixie and Salt Lake. I was ONLY Send stamps or coin to Nalley's, Send for as many knives as you

a cowboy for forty years. I have kept the *) jj Inc., Tacoma, Wash., with a label wish. This knife is splendid

size pint of the tor or quart from ilJC preparing and sandwiches tea, for sixty of WisdomWord & years—no or for to Dressing, Perfect Salad generally. the NALuse Be sure TANG, If liquor.coffee, actobacco, nor be I can

knives. as steak set Fresher for use MAYONNAISE. yet a I shall ninety. to live to be LEY'Stive, I wish be

eighty this summer, and my wife seventyeight. NALLEY'S, INC., Manufacturers of Quality Foods

I pray for peace and love in all the world..

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

THE WORK OF THE BOISE showing them what other men were doNow, in regard to the unused ferSTAKE AGRICULTURAL ing in the same section, and where a tilizer around the barns and corrals,

COMMITTEE little better management would improve we called on the men and found that cases, did not have manure in many We encouraged them they their spreaders, neighbors were andBy Clyde J. Brown, Chairman, theirall wecondition.could.

Boise Stake Agricultural Committee Brethren classed as tenant farmers not inclined to lend them one. It was

Coon after our Agricultural Comhad a real problem: for example, we too slow work to haul it out and spread

**-* mittee was appointed, we made a have in our stake one ward that is made it from the wagon. We helped them

very careful survey of the members of up almost wholly of tenant farmers. either to borrow or rent manure

the Priesthood in our stake, especially There has been some activity in farm spreaders, and as a result there are of those on farms, and of those who lands in our section and as a result fortytwo hundred loads of manure on would like to be on farms, to determine quite a few of our brethren had lost the land that I doubt would have been the rented they because this assistance. farms had there without assistance, they the needed whetherwho

sold. land Priests'been of our committee had High Our quorum The practical farmers, they needwere why

in of aided brethren quite these a few to build has destake a fruit a project difficulty their was, mained help, what their financial condition, and their finding new farms to rent, and helped hydrater. We have been asked to

standing in the community, both as to two to buy farms. The farm one man assist in this work, and we are very

church, neighbor, and business relawas renting was sold by the owner pleased to do so.

tionships. This took considerable time and he had to move at once. He could We are working on a financial planand followup work, for many of the not find a place to rent, so we interceded within our stake—a rural credit union

Federal with the authorsupervised the Federal Bank Land Government by feel tobrethren were seemed that we ities, to rent persuaded brethren them and our him whereby are workwho affairs their get into personaltrying to ranch, hundredacre for with ing a good those two have and wages who fact the not appreciate didand that we to option purchase this invest to can stock fall. They and money buy just assist to the to anxious themwere

better their present condition. also agreed that the money paid for the funds received from the sale of this

We found, among other things, these rentprice.couldWeapplythen aspersuadedpart of thethepurchaseFederal whostock needbe lentsmallto loans.our worthyThis brethrenplan is, prevailing:conditions

think, lend Security to Administration favorable, those as Farm have who we brethren underof the were 1 Many the to to returns the rent. This get better him invest can pay money money in debt. heavily somefinanced—their brother for willing to large brethren investment has boys our two and 2. farmers, Quite were poor a few

who knew farming but were discourwork and with careful management and who need to borrow can do so without aged and had drifted into a halfhard work, which they are capable of so much redtape and without mortfor their souls farm. can he to Others gaging loan a small own the their doing of with doing,hearted work way

places. also helped to find help harvest, or to cows. more buy we have that notthe idea they would get much

from their crop anyway.

3. We found quite a few brethren

who had met misfortune in other parts of the country and had come to our stake and rented farms; they are good

farmers but unable to rent desirable farms for more than one season.

4. We found great piles of barnyard

fertilizer behind barns, two to three feet of it in many places.

We classified these brethren, using an index card system and started to assist them and gain their confidence.

While we have not solved all the problems, we feel we have been of some help to those who needed assistance. PRIESTHOOD CHORUS OF PROVO FOURTH WARD

In regard to our first problem, we Left to right, back raw: Rulon Romney, Howard Draper, W. S. Storrs, Robert Higgenbotham, Theodore

have as one of our committee members, Taylor, Thornton Booth, Glen Christensen, Elton Sumner, Garth Pehrson, Don Porter, Frank Jex, Paxman Martin, a man who has spent many years in Don Fitzgerald,Front row: GrantTed Johnson,Christensen,Ray MalcolmHiggenbotham,Booth, OrlinJesse Pope,Haws.Louis Rawlinton (vice president), Guy Van Alstyne,

supervising farms and making farm Wallace Boswell (presidentmanager), Oral Butler, Wilbur Woolf, Burtis Case, Mac Woolf, Timothy Irons, Lee loans for a large loan company. AnValentine,Director Sandgren.Jay Shelley (secretary), Carl Hunter, Melba Clark (accompanist), Louise Bullock (guest soloist), and

other member is at present District

Supervisor for the Federal Farm SePRIESTHOOD CHORUS FROM ward, the chorus has sung in stake curity Administration, sa we were in PROVO FOURTH WARD conferences and ward social gather- a position to sit down and analyze the ings, and has traveled to other wards different financial conditions of our Approximately five months ago, to provide the complete evening's probrethren. We were successful in many Bishop Victor J. Bird of Provo gram.

cases in getting a government loan Fourth Ward called Edward Sandgren Among them are Priests, Elders, in some cases private loans. In other to organize a Priesthood chorus. Aided Seventies, and High Priests, with Elders

cases we helped get the present debtby a number of B. Y. U. students atpredominating. They practice regularly

holders to group their debts and give tending the ward, the group was built every Sunday morning for one hour our brethren a longer time to pay with up until at the present time it has a before Priesthood meeting.

smallerWe payments.made personal visits to those membershipIn additionoftomoreprovidingthan thirty.music in the onPictureda recent programis the groupat Springvilleas it appearedFirst

brethren we classed as poor farmers, weekly Priesthood meetings of the ward.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

This is the same plan used successfully have not only distributed to their memthe InterState Narcotic Association, by the granges, federal employees, and bers the three booklets sent to the field 53 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago, Illinois,

other groups whose interest is akin. by the General Campaign Committee, for a box of the drug "Doctor Root,"

We have checked into the matter and but they are also following this up by a which is sold at 20 cents a box. Literfind that our Priesthood group can personal contact "campaign of perature and directions will also be sent

qualify and operate such an organizasuasion"with the few addicts in their with the box.

tion and a number of the brethren have membership. Among the many quorThis Association was organized years

expressed their desire to participate rums sending in cheering reports we ago to fight the cigarette evil. Its orin such an organization. note the following: gan is the Narcotic Review, published

We appreciate the able assistance Alberta Stake: The High Priests quoquarterly.

given us by the General Committee, and rum of this stake has an enrollment of 182, the very carefully prepared bulletins of whom 174 are now abstainers. The 1st, "BE WISE—DON'T

of 3rd, Elders 2nd, 6th quorums 4th, and ALCOHOLIZE"use. for our sent out them by We are the stake, this reporting on Canadian in in desire earnest in to push forward our A ccording to the National Voice, in this 1st question, information: give The

this work and to be of any assistance quorum has 53 abstainers of the 78 mem- * a recent speech Representative Edthat is within our power as members of bers; the 2nd quorum has 87 members of ward H. Rees, Republican of Kansas,

the Boise Stake Agricultural Comwhom 70 are abstainers; in the 3rd quorum told his audience that

abstainers; in are the of 88 107 members mittee. the far distant peotime is not The when the the of are 4th 103 95 quorum members this that ple realize are to country of going

abstainers. 5th report did not quorum The

.. it the of the of alcohol use abuse and

this item, the 6th reported but on quorum... in belong democracy. not a do.We its abstainers. as of 85 PROJECTS 70 members QUORUM last for than spent year drink more money

is It all reported that Stake: 77 Oahu all for public spent agencies other was by

this Priests'of abHigh members quorum... relief. the are people exon who Our stain the liquor of use tobacco, from and for for penditures elementary 1939 high and STAKEBEAVER FOURTH tithing that of paid during them 67 and

It capita. education school $15.30 per was ELDERS OFQUORUM In the 1939. of 260th Seventy, quorum for alcoholic beverages. $38.93 was

is this in located stake, the of 52 which faithful of our quoone"Oecently abstainers, are 54 every members and memDRIVING DRUNKEN MENACE theA misfortune had rum members in tithepayer a 1939. ber wasof losing his wife. We desire to help Oakland Stake: From the 3rd quorum T iquor publications and promotional

take care of expenses at times such as of Elders, Oakland Stake, we receive the *"'agencies become furious every time this, and through quorum and ward report that 70 of the 72 members do not the statement is made that drunken liquor use or tobacco. fifty able to give the family effort were is driving increase bethe has on and

of Stake: Grant 262nd quorum Thedollars beautiful of spray a and public menace. Their only a come this in located reports stake that Seventyflowers. is call to those such answer made who the of abstains every member from quorum

On another occasion, one of our Elliquor and tobacco, and 56 of the 57 memstatements "liars,"and demand that if ders had to undergo a very serious bers have read the booklets. there is any proof of such a condition,

operation. To give a helping hand the North Sanpete Stake: The High Priests'they wish somebody would tell them.

quorum decided to plant his crops and quorum in this stake has 141 members. Anyone with half an eye can see, by

do the necessary work on the farm. Of this number 132 do not use liquor or reading the daily newspapers published

tobacco. in didThirty one day the plowall men in parts of that country, the drunken

Stake: the in the 32 Ogden Of membersing tractors, with three fourhorse two is it to driving used than more common of Seventy, Stake, quorum 29 Ogden threehorseplows, plows; four and still interests shout the liquor be. But reported to op239thare abstainers to be have and

erated two manure spreaders and one paid tithing during 1939. liar.

grain drill; and with three teams did New York Stake: The report from this In a letter to The National Voice,

the leveling, corrugating, harrowing, stake states that every one of the 38 memwritten and signed by E. Raymond

etc. There were also men doing singlebers of the High Priests'quorum abstains Cato, Chief of the California Highway

liquor tobacco, from that the of and 46 and at were work.hand stateThose official busy these that Patrol, who makes

49the of of members 252nd Sevquorum: their jobssteady did share by donating ments likewise. enty do

for tractorsgasoline for the and hay injury of death of 38,242 and a total Out Stake: 6th Angeles of Los quorum The

the livestock. Our brother appreciated Elders located in the Wilshire Ward of traffic accidents in 1939, 6,288 are known

what was done. this stake report that 42 of the 44 members to have involved drivers or pedestrians who

The quorum at present is raising one do not use liquor or tobacco. were either under the influence of liquor

calf and two hogs which have been Phoenix Stake: There are 96 members or who had been drinking. Thus liquor

cases. in involved 16.4 of the cent per was Priests'in the this of stake. High quorum is Itdonated also members. by quorum

fatal traffic the in accidents of 2,613 Out report that their of 92 abmembers the They all the in withworking Priesthood last cent, state year, or 22.7 are 594, per stain liquor from that tobacco, and and raising for the corn Churchward by to liquor. the factor of involved have known tithing paid in 1939. 94

Welfare Program. President Delos San Francisco Stake: Of the 98 memThere were a total of 5,070 drunken

Baker. bers in the High Priests'quorum in this drivers involved in 1939, against 4,683 in

stakes 94 do not use liquor or tobacco and 1938, an increase of 387. There was a

90 paid tithing during 1939. total of 1,218 drunken pedestrians involved

ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO in 1939, against 1,202 the previous year,

COLUMN THE "DOCTOR ROOT"AGAIN theThereincreasewerebeing17,85316. persons convicted

of which 11,117 totalling A Suggested Aid to Those Who underpaid finesthis chargeor forfeituresm 1939

CHEERING REPORTS Would Quit Smoking 074.66. This sum was an increase$926,-of

Dy direction of the First Presidency At intervals we are asked for a "cure"$119,993.22These figuresover thearepreviousfrom Mr.year. Cato's

*"* all Priesthood quorums in the * for the tobacco habit. In this letter, we repeat, and are not "put in

Church are "charged with the responsicolumn several months ago we menhis mouth"by The National Voice.

bility of (a) keeping their own memtioned the "Doctor Root"cure which We consider the showing made conbers free from the vice of using alcohol was recommended by a retired physiclusive proof that drunken driving is and tobacco, and (b) assisting all others cian who had been interested for fifty growing greater. If there are any who

to do likewise."years in cures for the tobacco habit. doubt that Mr. Cato made the above

It is heartening to learn that many Since that time this same treatment has mentioned statements, we shall be glad quorums are actively working to disbeen recommended by others. to supply a photostat copy of his letter

charge this important responsibility The treatment is very simple, apparfor $1.00.—The National Voice, April

authoritatively placed upon them. They ently. Those interested may write to 11, 1940.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

a. Must dedicate self to quorum tasks

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, August, 1940 b. performMust useworkgifts requiredto qualifyof selfPriestto

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. hood

(See supplementary readings, problems, and projects below.) c. Should prepare self by training and

labor 1. To be physically, mentally, spiritually fit

LESSON XXII II. Potential role of quorums to become 2. To provide temporally and spirThe Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum: ultimate role itually for family

Origin and Definition a. In becoming more fully alive to 3. To develop harmonious cooperative relationship society with obligations present (Read chapter 11, pp. 132135.)

citizenship practice good b. In fulfilling duties more faithfully. 4. To

I. Quorums instituted by revelation c. In performing work now done by 5. To live precepts of Gospel

a. Quorum of the First Presidency: auxiliaries 6. To participate in activities and

D. & C. 124:125-6 d. In providing for every need arising ordinances of the Church

b. Quorum of the Twelve: D. & C. in the Church d. Should make quorums the clearing124:127129, 131 e. In becoming more powerful and house of all serious affairs of life

c. Quorum of High Priests: D. & C. influential in the world IV. Quorum jurisdiction over fellowship:

124:133136 III. Opportunities for service through a check upon members of the Church d. Quorum of Seventy: D. GO 124: greater quorum consciousness a. For misconduct

138140 a. Temporal salvation b. For lack of faith

e. Quorum of Elders: D. & C. 124: 137 1, Through striving for individual c. For lack of reverence

II. Why quorums have been instituted economic security V. Quorum supervision

a. For mutual edification 2. Through cooperating in Church a. General

b. For coordination of labors Welfare Plan 1 Council of Twelve over all Mel-

c. For "helps and for governments, b. Spiritual salvation chizedek Priesthood by direction

for the work of the ministry and 1. Through providing fraternity of First Presidency

the perfecting of my saints"2. Through enrichment of life in 2. First Council of Seventy over

d. For teaching of old and young to home, Church, community quorums of Seventy

become familiar with: IV. A part of the whole b. Stake supervision

1. Order of Priesthood they hold a. A quorum more than a club 1. Under direction of stake presi-

2. Its keys of authority b. Quorums to coordinate with other dency

3. Scope and limitations of each organizations 2. Dual responsibility of Seventy

quorum c. Activities to be in harmony with c. Ward supervision

III. Definition of quorum ward and stake jurisdiction and 1. Members of quorums not ex-

a. Group of men holding same office calendar empt from duties as ward memin Priesthood d. Administrative officers are officers bers

b. Organization for more efficient adof the Priesthood: no need for con- 2. Regular weekly meeting with

vancement of work of Priesthood flict bishop and quorum or group c. Means of realizing ideal of service leaders essential

to others Problems and projects: Problems and projects:

IV. Quorum distinctions 1. Name some of the present obligations 1. In what ways can the quorum be made

a. Number in each quorum according to which the quorum should become more "the clearinghouse of all serious affairs of

to revelation fully alive. What duties can be more faithlife"?

b. Majority may constitute quorum fully performed? How can better attendance 2. Give various members of the quorum

c. Regular, separate weekly meetings be achieved? opportunity to acknowledge what they feel

to develop quorum consciousness 2. What work now being done by the their responsibility is toward the quorum.

and activity auxiliaries belongs properly to the care 3. "Where a quorum of Priesthood has

V. A brotherhood of the Priesthood quorums? Visualize for failed to function and has been indifferent

a. Spiritual and temporal welfare first your own quorum what the picture would to the responsibilities assigned to them, the

concern of quorum be—what the quorum's potential role—if presidency of the stake will be held re-

b. Most attractive aspect of quorum every man understood his duty and set sponsible first, and then officers of the

organization an example in performing it. quorum next."Use this statement to illusis 3. trate meant the interrelation Quorum of general, stake, and consciousness—what projects: andProblems it? can brought about? it be supervision by ward What How of quorums.

can you discern in the wisdom 1. What chalare a projects being conducted now jurisdiction 4. Quorum over fellowshipsize is of membership

rums? Why twelvein Deacons,the respectiveninetysixquo- lengeimproveto it?this Outlineconsciousnessa definitein programyour ownto regardedmembers ofas thean Churchexcellentin checkmattersuponof faiththe

the psychologicalElders? What are and quorum. and conduct. Demonstrate how this operpractical Discuss values? and illustrate. ates. 4. "In theory the Lord has given to His

2. Assign brief talks on ( 1 ) the quorum Church a perfect organization. In pracas a class, (2) the quorum as a fratice the organization is far from being

ternity, and (3) the quorum as a service perfect."Discuss in relation to the MelSupplementary Readings

unit. (See "The Priesthood Quorum, a chizedek Priesthood quorum in its assigned For Priesthood and Church Government

Threefold Definition,"by Stephen L role of leadership.

for in May,Richards, Improvement Era The Priesthood "The Quorum Comes1939, page 294.) XXIV in the A. Widtsoe, by Era John testimonies individual 3. Obtain on Priesthood Melchizedek the LESSONThe Quorum: First,"for 760. December, p. 1937, organization.benefits derived from quorum Duties, Supervision Membership,

also named?How many benefits *can be specifically (Read Chapter 11, pp. 138142.) in "TheEra, December,New Priesthood1937, p. Plan,"768.

4. What features distinguish the Priest- I. Quorum membership regulations "Official Restatement of Melchizhood quorum from the social or profes- a. Every member of Priesthood should edek Priesthood Organization, Relaenrolledsional club? be

b. Recommendation from one quorum tivities,"tionships,inDuties,Era, May,Functions,1938, p. and294. Acto XXIII another not neededLESSON

The Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum: c. Certificate of ordination to be pre- "To the Melchizedek Priesthood,"

Its Place in the Program of the sented when required by Joseph Fielding Smith, in Era, NoChurch d. Withdrawal of fellowship to be vember, 1938, p. 653.

11, chapter 135138.)(Read reported to bishop pp Priesthood Three- "The Quorum: A

in of the position leadership II. responsibility I. Quorums toward Quorum's memfold Definition,"RichStephen by L

a. set Should example ber in ards, 1939, p. 294. Era, May,

a. 1. In being ably conducted to enrollment Sees members of new In material addition in to the the Era 2. faithfully b. In being for attended responsibility welfare Assumes

3. In being thoroughly serviceable of each member the manual, In the Realm of Quorum

b. Should receive first loyalty and III. Member's responsibility toward quoActivity (Second Series, 1931 ), will be

consideration rum found very useful.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

also, in fortyeight Priest Here, the nation. hours of carried over the High themTHE AARONIC the compelled to great mistake committed of Moses'they were trace was it was whyPRIESTHOOD and retrace their wandering way through life, an error which barred him out, with

Fourth in a series of articles the mountaingirt desert, instead of marchthe rest of his generation already under the written by the late Elder Orson ing on Canaan direct, and taking immediate ban,* from the privilege of setting foot

F. Whitney of the Council of possessionsimply pursuingof the promisedthe historicland.threadAs weof arethe withinBut let usthetakebordersthe Bibleof thenarrative:promised land.

the Twelve. Published origin* Aaronic Priesthood, purposely omitting facts "And there was no water for the conally in "The Contributor."and details that do not bear directly upon, gregation: and they gathered themselves

or relate closely to, the subject, we shall together against Moses and against Aaron.

their refresh to refer those wish memwho IV the people with chode Moses, and "And to this point, the particular ories on that saying, thirspake relate, had died the Israelites God we Would to of fourteenth chapters teenth Numbers. andStrange brethren the before died Lord! our when to their reconciled yet were not year, of In the opening month the Hebrew

the conhave ye brought "And why up Israelitish the B. en1453 about camp C, next leaders. inspired They

this the into of gregation wilderness, Lord of Zin, at desert tered the and "abode "killing Lord's the ofaccused them cattle there? that die should our and we the Prophetess Miriam, Kadesh."Here

then Almightypeople."The sister, buried. died Here, and sent Aaron's was wherefore have us to come "And ye made

His wrath among them in the form too, was experienced a drought, so general, up out of Egypt, to bring us unto this evil of a plague, which, though checked widespread, and severe, that the old spirit place? It is no place of seed, or of figs, or

( Concluded on page 428in its ravages, by an atoning sacrifice, cfhadmurmuringslumbered, andagainmutiny,broke whichforth, happilyand as offered by Aaron in his priestly causual found vent against the Prophet and * Caleb and Joshua only were exempt.

pacity, slew fourteen thousand and seven hundred of them before it could be stayed. This was a terrible

lesson, but being learned, the spirit of rebellion for a season was subAARONICYELLOWSTONEPRIESTHOODSTAKE dued. Another proof was now given PILGRIMAGE. "BEAVER

of Jehovah's choice respecting DICK"MEADOWS ON

Aaron and his sons and the tribe of TETON RIVER.

Levi, as the authorized representatives of the Aaronic and Levitical

Priesthood.

"Speak unto the children of Israel,"said the Lord to Moses, "and take of every one of them a rod, according to the house of their fathers, of all their princes according to the house of their fathers, twelve rods:

write thou every man's name upon his rod.

"And thou shalt write Aaron's name upon CANADIAN STAKESthe rod of Levi: for one rod shall be for ALBERTA, TAYLOR, AND

the head of the house of their fathers: LETHBRIDGE—OB-

"And thou shalt lay them up in the taberSERVE RESTORATION nacle of the congregation before the testiANNIVERSARY NEAR mony, where I will meet with you. McGRATH.

"And it shall come to pass that the man's rod whom I shall choose shall blossom:

and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmur against you."

Moses did as he was directed, and on going into the Tabernacle on the morrow, he found that the rod of Aaron had "budded and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossom, and yielded almonds."This symbol

of divine recognition, the Lord commanded to be kept as a token and a warning against the rebels; that all might know thenceforth,

for a certainty, that Aaron and his sons were the authorized Priests of the sanctuary; that

his brethren the Levites were the rightful SNAKE RIVER AREA incumbents of the lesser offices of the reGROUP FROM BURLEY, ligious organization; and any interference CASSIA, RAFT RIVER,

with or usurpation of those sacred callings MINIDOKA, BLAINE, and functions by men not called of God AND TWIN FALLS to administer therein, would neither be tolSTAKES, ON MOUNT erated nor passed by with impunity. BALDY. ALL WERE

Twenty years had elapsed since the chilCARRIED TO THE SUMdren of Israel first encamped at the base of MIT ON THE SUN VALaware—unless,Mount Sinai. Ourlike MarkreadersTwain'sare doubtlessAmerLEY SKI LIFT.

ican tourist, they neglect their Bibles, and are unable to see why it should have taken the children of Israel forty years to cross that little patch of wilderness, when Ben

Holliday [in his stagecoach] would have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is had previously been the center of a of Utah Lake near Lehi. It is estimated

there any water to drink. landscaping project under the direction that more than nine hundred members

the from went Aaron and Moses the of Presiding Bishopric. "And the of their Aaronic Priesthood and of the door unto assembly the ofpresence the services Preceding at Clarkston, leaders participated. they and the congregation, of tabernaclethe historic an marker on State Highway Stakes of the western the of River Snake glory the faces their andfell upon Smithfield 91, RichNo. between and area gathered at them. where, Sun Valley, unto appearedLord

"And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, mond, was unveiled and dedicated. The with the cooperation of the Union Pa-

"Take the rod, and gather thou the asmarker was erected by the State Road cific Railroad Company, the members thy series of Aaron a of and thou Commission as one together, onesembly of the pilgrimage carried to the were before the rock unto ye speak and beingbrother, longerected hundred under a of top the Baldy Mount Valley on Sun his water, forth it give shall eyes;their and time program. lift. ski pilgrimage service The was to water forth them bring shalt thouand Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, Near held the on top, mountain followed by the conshalt give thou the rock; so ofout the stakes joined three in the Canadian refreshments. Six drink. hundred to beasts boys and theirgregation and celebration to notable proved which be before their the from rod leaders this in participated took event. Moses "And

the Lord, as He commanded him, and outstanding. More than six hunThe stakes conducting the pilgrimage

"And Moses and Aaron gathered the dred participated in the pilgrimage and were Blaine, which acted as host, Raft rock, and the before barbecue. together Bishop L. Wirthlincongregation Joseph River, Burley, Cassia, Minidoka, and rebels; ye now, them, Hear untohe said of the Presiding Bishopric was Falls. in atTwin this rock? of fetch out you watermust we principal the tendance speaker and was

"And Moses lifted up his hand, and with of the day. Yellowstone Stake pilgrimage was to

the twice: the rock and Beaverhis Dick smote rod he on Meadows the Teton stakes of including Utah valley, Ten the conabundantly, and outwater came River. attendance totalled The one Lehi, Alpine, Sharon, Timpanogos, also."their beasts drank,gregation and hundred twentytwo. In addition to Kolob, Provo, Utah, Palmyra, Nebo, perceive, will the language the reader As

of Moses, as he smote the rock, was not and SantaquinTintic, made a pilgrimthe anniversary features of the pilsuch as gave the glory to God, but rather age to Saratoga Springs on the shores {Concluded on page 429) implied that he and Aaron held the power, independently, to work the miracle which

One mightier had wrought. This failure to

the in people, thesanctify of eyes Him TEACHERS'WINQUORUM source, toascribing miracle a His human NERS OF STANDARD QUOfaltering effect its thethus weakening upon RUM AWARD 95 WITH this faith of those byminds God, whose PER CENT ATTENDANCE to strengthen sought ofdisplay power, His EIGHTH WARD,—OGDEN confirm, the with Deity viewed by wasand STAKE. OGDEN

displeasure. as was, in favor Moses High

much as the Lord esteemed him for his meekness and fidelity, an impartial judgment had nevertheless to be passed upon his transgression:

"And the Lord spake unto Moses and

Aaron, Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them."

Eighteen years later, in partial fulfilment EIGHTEEN PRIESTS AND of this decree, Aaron died at Masera, in ELDERS (TWO OTHERS

Mount Hor, by the coast of Edom, at the ABSENT), OGDEN age of one hundred and twentythree years. EIGHTH WARD.

Being warned of the Lord that his end was approaching, in company with Moses and

Eleazer he went up into the top of the mount; and there, after being stripped of

his priestly robes, which were placed upon

Eleazer as his successor, the venerable High

Priest was gathered to his fathers. Thirty

days of mourning for him ensued throughout the congregation of Israel.

(To be Continued) OGDEN EIGHTH WARD

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD QUALIFIES SIX QUORUMS

RESTORATION ANNIVERSARY FOR STANDARD QUORUMOBSERVED CHURCHWIDE AWARD of the few of the wards Church of the 111th/Vbservance anniversary to qualify six for the quorumsOne of the Restoration of the Aaronic Standard for Quorum 1939 Award isPriesthood practically reported from the Eighth Ogden of Ogden Wardall parts of the Church. the pilis Both quorums of with Deacons Stake—four 18thgrimages the on and quorum May ratings, the Teachers'quorummeetings services and Sacrament on highwith an average attendance of 95%, 19th appear been very to haveMay Priests'the and recently quorum which participatedgenerally members in by

its advanced twenty of to members others.of the Priesthood Aaronic and

At Clarkston, Utah, where Martin the Elders'quorum in the Melchizedek

Harris, one of the three witnesses to Priesthood.

the Book of Mormon, is buried, over Under the direct presidency of three thousand participated in the Bishop F. L. Allen, his counselors,

Church service and pilgrimage to the Elton Wardle and Archie Hokenson, and chairman, ward Vernal Facer,grave. program which A special had FOUR QUORUMS OF DEACONS, ONE OF successful programs have been conthe last detail tobeen out worked was ALL OF PRIESTS, ONE AND TEACHERS, ducted six quorums, by all with a record QUORUM FOR STANDARD 1939 QUALIFIEDcarried through to according schedule.

During the day several large floral AWARD. well above the minimum requirements

tributes were placed on the grave, which in nearly every activity.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Fifty Questions Answered Scientifically says:

Question: "Does the use of tobacco damage the heart?""Yes; no part of the body

FINANCIAL, PHYSICAL, AND SPIRITUAL POWER can escape a poison that is circulating in the blood night and day. The nervous

all effort members, to induce is in an intensive engaged Church now the muscles become and system suffers Our sufthe Lord's is the chief to the heart obey old, law tremulous. rich and poor, But and female, male and young

of health, the Word of Wisdom. ferer in both the beginner and the confirmed

The principal objective of the campaign which is being carried on smoker."

under the direction of the First Presidency and the Council of the Twelve, Dr. Kellogg, in Tobaccoism, page 59,

this say: to has of liquor use abstain from the to all of the Church is members induce to

the heart has effect of tobacco on The to endeavor to persuasion kindly in themselves and by form or any tobacco physistudied carefully by many most been in these habits enmeshed become have those members Church who win that tobacco authorities agree All ologists.

to overcome them. is a heart poison.

This appeal from our Church leaders should have unanimous approval Dr. George J. Fisher, Deputy Chief

and support. The Lord has given us the Word of Wisdom for "the temporal Scout Executive, B. S. A., and Elmer

salvation of all Saints in the last days."It was given "for a principle with Berry, in a series of careful tests, found

promise, adapted to the capacity of the weak ana the weakest of all Saints that cigarette smoking caused an inwho are or can be called Saints."crease in heartrate. Cigarette smoking

One phase of the Word of Wisdom which has not been stressed as much maintained a bloodpressure, which, as some others is the fact that this revelation was given to show forth "the under the circumstances of the order and will of God, in the temporal salvation of all Saints in the last days."experiment, would otherwise have

President Heber }. Grant has said: "Obeying the Word of Wisdom dropped. Cigar smoking caused a

gives financial, physical, and spiritual power."considerable increase in heart rate

The astounding figures indicating the total consumption of liquor and and bloodpressure. In a number

tobacco in America reflect not only financial but also physical and spiritual of instances, in the cigar test the heart bondage for millions of men, women, boys, and girls. was unable to maintain, with the verThe Latterday Saints have been warned of this condition. We have tical position of the subject, the inbeen told what to expect if we violate the Lord's law of health. We have creased bloodpressure found in the

also been given promises which every member of the Church should ponder horizontal position, showing a diswell in these perilous days. turbance of the control of the bloodThese are the promises: vessels. This latter effect was more

And all saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience pronounced in tests made on nonto the commandments, shall receive health in their navel and marrow to their bones; smokers.

treasures; hidden and even of treasures great knowledge, find shall and wisdom and experiment, the cigar data on In the

Lord, give I, the not faint. and and shall And not shall walk be weary, and run in age used, ranging were only boys children the as shall them, pass destroying that the angel by a promise, them unto Cigar years. eighteen fifteen to from Israel, slay them. not and of

To obtain the blessings we must obey the law. smokingschool boy,is aitbitseems,expensivebut inforeachthe classhigh

there have been several boys who used (Concluded from page 428) to the museum in the Utah State Capcigarettes, but no girls, so the data in difference on is the of given this chart Stake, the which, Ensign while through interest addedgrimage, was of heart boys the who reaction the on the this with occasion, for combined nearby. pointsvisits historic to A itol, thing, regular cigarettes as a smoked Stake, conEmigration formed newly followed sports of and gamesprogram tests. in these cigar but a smoked in Salt industrial tour Lake ducted an period.the luncheon most the of cigar one shows The City. its celebration held Stake Jordan East of rate heart the reactions on drastic stakes individual groups indicating and Other site the ofat monument the average used. the drugs of The any covpilgrimages Salt conducted the for stone wards the andthe place where took the of rate boys heart who normal details lacking are but areas ering at the wide mouth secured Temple wasLake while minute, per beats test this 75 was this account. for canyon. Littleof With Cottonwood rate heart normal cigarette smokers the service on conducted features Sacrament thethis historic The background, difference minute; a per beats 84.5 was re19th, evening, picnic was supper Sunday included aof the May program difference minute. This per beats 9.5 of successful generally to the be is portedat Park, by which Glacio owned it in of think is you when tremendous pilrecom- the Church. The throughout the concert, andstake, a band there hour In one day. of one terms rather followed at the program was held service, mended which wasgrimage In beats. heart is of 570 difference a in cases addigenerally, although somemonument. 13,680 of difference is there a one day provided. features tional were pilgrimage Stake Liberty was The beats. heart

The"maximum rise in heart rate with below cigarette much smokers was the after smoking YOUTH AND THE WORD OF WISDOM that of the nonsmokers, a cigar. The accelerated heart rate

exercise after the was the smokers Saint Word of Wisdom, page withTHE EFFECTS OF TOBACCO ter*day the nonof that higher than much 103, says:ON THE HEART Caffeine produces an effect upon blood smokers. The restoration after the

In his book, Stimulants and Narcotics, pressure in two ways. First, it is someexercise was much slower with the cigthe stimulant, causes heart and of a what the of rate heart smoker. arette The says: Kellogg "The* Dr. Harvey John rapid, thus forcing to more beat become taking after fifty minutes nonsmoker is indiheart theeffect of tobacco upon vessels. into the Second, blood increased that of than higher much the drug was is the most pulse, the whichcated by it induces connerves the acts which upon nine nonthe of Four smoker. the of the condition to the indexaccurate walls, to artery the as so traction conof

heart."tract the vessels and reduce their crosssmokers experienced nausea after

Dr. Oakes'Medical Aspects of Lat* sectioned area. smoking the cigar.

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE. HAROLD J. KIRBY,

Assistant President and Treasurer. A. WILLIAM MYERS.Secretary. LUND, L. GARRETT M. KIRKHAM, JAMES CHRISTENSON, JOSEPH Assistant Treasurer and

President. Vice E. Superintendent PETERSEN, of Research MARK ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT. Directors. ELLEN HILL, Bureau

Secretary and Librarian, Assistant Librarian.

THE WASTE OF HASTE upon temple sheets. In this second on one page may be printed the names

in hurry, great copying, probably done of a all the parents their children. of and in the Smith, Prophet JosephTThe line in given the the each on Frequently was child's man opposite name, a A inspiration, light divine of saw sheet the is temple wife belonged family later whose given who a page, on recaccurate the clearly of importance to the benext is certain a came name whose man indicate placed to number standard, set kept. high a beingords He his in result notebook. the that this child's low will The family found be records. for indeed, temple DocRead that couple every names later. that under was whose number Numerous

7, 128: trine 9; 127:6, and Covenants sent to incorthe temple were were evidences that those accumulated show

24. 14, 5, 8, rectly identified. incorrectly mated and doing research have followed never up Genealogical the SoLast January find also, of examples, this numerous later the to the number page where We task the ciety of immense began Utah their individuals full permit to eyes how description of his individual the and

million cards of the amalgamating two in tricks play copying upon them family names found. of lack be Such may

in the Archives with Record Church records. printed from is get They inexcusable. thoroughness may

ten million cards in the Temple Index the name of the husband and wife corBureau. The first was an index to famrect, but in copying the date of marriage Waste From Hurry

ily records submitted by patrons and they inadvertently copy the marriage It is not pleasant to spend time going researchers of the Society as a result of date of the couple who appear next through a temple in behalf of one of their search among family records and immediately below or above this couple the dead, then afterwards learn the one new sources of information. The Index in the printed record. for whom you gave that time and effort

Bureau contains an index, on the other Those who assume the responsibility and sacrifice had already been endowed.

hand, to the endowment records of all of copying and preparing records for The first endowment, of course, is the the various temples. In it appears a temple work must discipline themselves official one and always takes precedcard bearing the name and description rigidly and make it an invariable rule ence. Nor can an individual who reimgiven for each person at the time that never to copy any names without careburses a proxy to go through a temple

person was endowed. fully proofreading to see that no such in behalf of his kindred feel happy about

this connection with amalgamaIn results errors as those mentioned above occur. the

effort to see tion, is being every made for names ifwhomhe laterthelearnsworkthathasallbeenthe that the records upon the cards in the Inadequate Identification done, were previously endowed. It is

Index Bureau are made as complete There are numerous other cases enpoor economy for an individual, in the and accurate as is humanly possible countered where the date of birth has mad haste of gathering names placing with the enlarged sources now at hand. been given, the place of birth, the name them on temple sheets in preparation

The procedure in reality is an auditing of the father, and the given name of for a forthcoming temple excusion, to of these records. Many startling the mother. The maiden name of the save ten minutes in research which

things are being disclosed as a result. mother is not given, nor the date of would have yielded full identification

The discoveries made emphasize marriage, the name of the husband or of an individual, but which saving of over and over again the need for greatwife, nor the date of death. Yet if ten minutes will require the useless

er care on the part of people in the the researcher had taken the time he expenditure of four hours on the part preparation of records they send to the could perhaps have found, in the very of another.

temple. When names are placed upon volume where he found the record of We do not believe that the Prophet

temple sheets, these should be accombirth, the marriage of the parents, which Joseph Smith would approve such methpanied by such complete identification would give the maiden name of the ods of recordkeeping. We are certain

as to date and place of birth, date of mother. Also the marriage of this the Lord does not approve it. We

death, date of marriage, name of father, child would give the marriage date and appeal to all the Saints to exercise the maiden name of mother, and name of the name of the spouse. Perhaps even utmost care in preparing records for

husband or wife, as will effectively in the same parish would be found the the temple. Temples are sacred; recidentify that person. death date of this child, after it had ords going into them are sacred and

The cards in the Index Bureau indigrown to maturity. If a woman she should be as correct as human power

cate that many errors have crept in bemust, of course, be looked for under the and the inspiration of the Lord can make cause of haste on the part of those presurname of her husband. If she married them. Every person preparing a recparing records to be sent to temples. several times, the name of the last husord to be sent to the temple is under the

Some examples are presented below, band is the one under which her death deep responsibility of setting down not to discourage our people in good record must be sought. Since all these nothing but the truth. He is under

work, but to impress upon them the items of identification are essential to equal responsibility, in view of the need great importance of sending to the a proper record, it is difficult to underfor effectually preventing all duplicatemples statements that are the truth and stand how individuals will be satisfied tions, for giving all the items of identithe whole truth. just to dip into a record so full of inforfication called for if they are in exThe other day at the Index Bureau mation and set down upon a temple istence and can be found.

we had several sheets submitted for sheet the facts found at the very first Let us conclude with the words the checking, each sheet containing ten glance without a sincere effort being Prophet used in his conclusion in denames. The names were taken from made to complete the identification as livering his final message on recordmarriage records and gave, in each it should be. Too many are satisfied keeping to the Saints

case, only the name of the husband and merely to fill the minimum requirements Let us therefore, as a church and as a offer as Latterday and Saints unto wife. theof Evidently the one either for records, slothpeople, temple who through

the in offering righteousness, Lord an and theseprepared sheets temple had copied fulness, carelessness, of or lack underlet it his us in present temple, holy whenthe the printed from names marriage standing the of importance of making is finished, the a containing records book intorecords notebook. a From correct the records complete. and of shall our alt dead, which of worthy be

notebook the names had been placed Similarly, in printed family histories, acceptation. (Doc. and Cov. 128:24.)

TRACY Y. CANNON. MARVIN O. ASHTON

Chairman W. ASPER FRANK COMMITTEE MUSIC CHURCH GENERAL SPENCER CORNWALL

D. PYPER. GEORGE M. DURHAM Offices General General First Vice Chairman and Treasurer HINCHCLIFF Church J.ALFREDLESTER

GERRIT DE IONG, Music Committee ROBERTSON. LE ROY D. STERLING WHEELWRIGHTJR. SecondJ. Vice Chairman 50 NORTH SCHREINER MAIN STREET. ALEXANDER

JENSEN N. LORENZO MITCHELL. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH FREDA

Secretary GRANT BENNETT FRANCES

FURTHER HYMNS FOR dued tone will make it much more sinis obtained by having the sixteenfoot

CHURCHWIDE PROJECT cere. Breath should only be taken at pedal tone more prominent than the

ANNOUNCED the end of phrases. The conductor eightfoot. Be sure not to leave out the

is bar. twentyfirst This in the note in should that beat time the alto such a way congregational sung hymns to berpHE it lies more because temptation clearly indicated. breathing a great places are A during three the next months, connote, soprano the from octave slight an than rubato used with be tempo may A

tinuing part the of churchwide hymn right hand. taken effect. cannot It be by the hence not should under good any

singing project, are as follows: condition be exaggerated. It is very easy to play when allotted to

July, No. 283, "Earth, With Her Ten the left hand.

Flowers."Thousand Performance the Notes Organ on Has 13, "The Day Happy Hymn 13, August, No. "The Happy Day vigor, is and great of Rolled one On,"Rolled Frank Dr. Asper On."Has By W. aggressivewith be played must much September, 345, "Great No. God, To

all regular, and ness. are phrases "Earth, 283, The No. With Her JJymn Song."Thee My Evening A the at points breathing the customary In Flowers."Thousand Ten Instructions choristers to organand

ists for conducting and playing these this hymn, as in any other where a end of each should be strictly observed.

hymns, appear below: comma comes after a very important The third phrase, as in the hymn,

noun, the director may wish a slight "Earth, With Her Ten Thousand

Notes to Conductor break after certain words. Such a Flowers,"has a soprano and alto duet,

By J, Spencer Cornwall break would come in the first verse supported by a lower part. In this case,

after the words "earth"and "air."Here however, the support is from the bass July

Earth, With Her Ten Thousand tainlyit shouldnot asbelargehardlya breaknoticeable,as one wouldceralone;voices,thereforeand notit shouldfrom thebe playedinstrumenthereFlowets—Griggs have between phrases; rather it should with an equal amount of volume as in

The conductor should direct this be about the duration of the break the other voices. In the first measure

song with a firm, articulate beat. The made between the repetition of a chord. of the second line, it will be found consingers should sing with gladness so that Be careful to make a break after each venient to take the third as well as the

gratefulness will permeate the atmosphrase, about the length of time it would fourth beats of the tenor voice with phere of the singing. The four meastake to draw a breath before singing the right hand. This gives the left hand

ures of duet may be sung softer. The the next phrase. Treat the last four ample opportunity to make the octave

tempo should be neither fast nor slow. measures of the hymn as if they were skip in the bass strictly legato. The

Some degree of emphasis should be two phrases of two measures each. expression marks should be faithfully

given to the last phrase, which may be The small notes in bars 1316 in the left observed, especially when the hymn is slightly retarded effectively. hand are not to be sung, being for the announced before singing. But when

organ only. They are merely for the playing as an accompaniment for the

August support of the soprano and alto parts congregation, be careful not to makeThe Happy Day Has Rolled On—Beeswhich lie above. These notes should the changes from loud to soft too

ley the violent. confuse changes Such too not be given much prominence—on

frighten sometimes and average singer, they the reed organ Will the conductors observe that the be doubled an may half note is the unit of beat in this octave lower, with a softer combinahim into silence because of his inability song and that there are two beats in tion of stops than is used in the right to read and understand the expression a measure? There is a definite joyful, hand, and on the pipe organ a fine effect marks.

uplifting tone in this splendid hymn. Hymn 345, "Great God, to Thee My

It should be sung with a "pushing forEvening Song."The greatest temptaward"tempo, each phrase being 'pick- A MASTER SYMPHONY tion the organist will have in this hymn

promptly. up"ed markThe dynamic

ings should free, By Adeline Rasmussen Ensign willnotebeattotheshortenend ofthe everyvalue ofphrase.the wholeAt be heeded. A frank,

style direct the of these characterize places the motion should the compostrings solemn the began tones With unless usually, sition to stop,singing throughout. of seems and The message melody A mystic

out, thesethe counts should expressed. measure performer be plainly words brass, all joined, then the The and the wood

September A master symphony. proximatelyhe continues threeon afterbeatsgivinginsteadthemof apthe

Great God, to Thee My Evening Song It told of life, of peace and love, required four. Unfortunately the distorms rave; tempests and How—Kimball sigthing, often rector does the same Then, echo from like an above, This is of our to most a new hymn naling beginning phrase of the the next low, It whispered brave.""Be

Itpeople. therefore must be taught. the Beginning soon. second with too

An atmosphere of gentleness should It stirred my soul with pure delight, measure of the second line, the right pervade the singing of this lovely hymn. With throbbing ecstasy; hand plays the tenor part to the end

The hymn is built architecturally with It made me feel the weight of night of the following measure. The hymn

the climax in the middle phrases. These And know humility. should be played throughout with firm,

points may be reached effectively by So musicmakers play again, solid tone, together with higher pitched slight crescendos with a gradually dePlay on and on I say, stops, so that the instrument may be creasing tone to the end. At no time Till peace shall rule the hearts of men well heard, helping to keep the congreshould this hymn be loud. A more subWith love and truth alway. gation on pitch.

teen were in attendance, and a class organconventions. The Conference was an

ization was formed. To add interest to occasion of high purpose and spiritual

the the officers campaign, Mutual promised tribute to a religion reawakening—a the class a turkey to obtaining supper

lived. the that is not only believed but ( For largest in increase membership. a result As

details of further the and the membership rapidly the photographs grew and by SIMS ORTH, OAKLAND ELOISE also conference proceedings see pages end seventythree had of March Adult we PRESIDENT OF STAKE the 395, 396, 416, members turkey 433.) supper! and and won { See I. A. Y. PASSES W. M. sixth picture top.) p. 434, from

have completed Associaevery lesson, paid Improvement Mutual HHhe We fund, Mutual subscribed and have tragic the regret the * tions note with to THE JUNE CONFERENCEHIGHLIGHTSIN PHOTOGRAPHIC recently apthe Eloise of death Sims Orth, (See Opposite Page) WeiSraareonegratefulhundredforpercent.the M. I. A., for the of stake president pointed the Young

of Clinic, excellent 1. the groups Choral a conlesson at the One course, leader, to our and AssoImprovement Mutual Women's year, ference introduced feature this and already Eardley, ability H. has whose made

popular. Stake. She ciation of Oakland was Edwardthe class successful.

killed near Wendover, Utah, on the 2. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., who spoke at the

evening of June 5, 1940, when the car final sessions in the Tabernacle. (See page 396.)

in to Conwhich June she was riding greeted con- 3. Authorities General Among the who

visitors ference Elder John Square was on Temple tire after blew THE JUNE CONFERENCE ference a overturned out. The services were conducted on *Tthe 45th Annual June Conference A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve.

baskets green with Girls and clad in gold Gleaner 4. the Larkin 10, at MorSunday, June A of the AssoImprovement Mutual

welcomers. charming flowers were of various state City, Utah. tuary in Salt Lake City, Presciations held in Salt Lake was

the of Men's 5. and Young Women's First Members Young of the ident Richard L. Evans 7, 8, 9, with and a Summer InstiJune Genand Presidency, Superintendency, A. M. I. at spoke the servCouncil of Seventy Institute BeeHive 10 a possible eral and an outstanding on Boards June made who

ices. tute on June 10 and 1 1. Highly successconvention.

ful on all counts, the spirit of the occa- 6. President Heber J. Grant, feeling well and

afternoon happy, attended the Sunday Class,Adult determination 6-7 Ward, sion of to meet was one also Tabernacle. (See the page 416sessionfor hisin Pioneer Stake its our of times and solve the needs message.)

printhe applying to life problems by of Council the of Albert the George Smith Elder 7. officers 6-7 class the of Adult The

Christ. ciples of the of of unveiling memorial the new spoke Jesus Gospel Twelve a in class the following report: send Silver sundial the on marking Temple gratifying. attendance The was The work. Jubilee of Square—theBeeat Hive

for of Class matter Adult an I. A. The M. participation of active General the Augroups delighted which original dance S. of great to officers the the of One of one concernwas notable. thorities of the Church was attending on thousands demonstration the a grand 6-7 the regular meeting, At JanWard. year's features of the at scale Saltair. coming work New 2, 1940, class the uary two and members realignment bracket of the upper and a interpreted the Elder 9. David constituted leader the attendance. who com- 0. McKay,

session will opening the season's at ing A. theme announced were and M. it departments the officers'meeting next week, At

A. executive Kirkham, page Oscar (see I. and 395), printed the field through be carried into decided to have an advertising camwas floating secretary, a the with Scout M. Boy

paign. At our next regular meeting thirliterature and by way of the coming colors between them. I. A.,

Vyvyan B. Clift succeeds Lyman H. RobVon Mecham succeeds Bishop Charles G.

Wright. The Church Moves On ison.

Stake, Chandler Donald Ward, Maricopa (Continued page 418) from Ellsworth succeeds Brown. Ralph E. Rupert Third Ward, Minidoka Stake, NEW PIONEER MARKER TO

BISHOPS, PRESIDING Clyde B. Crandall succeeds David G. Hyde. ENRICH TEMPLE SQUAREELDERS NAMED Ogden Fifth Ward, Mount Ogden Stake,

Alma L. Petersen succeeds Austin H. Shaw. pxpECTED to be completed by next

installed bishops and ward"VTewly St. Stake, Alpine Johns Glenn O. Ward, is summer a fitting in memorial

the presiding include succeeds Elders Jepson. Hamblin branch John bronze to the sacrifice courageous and Stake, Bernardino Branch, Redlands Sanfollowing heroic accomplishment of the Mormon Ervin succeeds William Skousen D. M.

Brigham Fifth Ward, Box Elder Stake, Koldewyn. handcart pioneers, whose migrations to

Howard C. Jenson succeeds Francis L. San Rafael Branch, San Francisco Stake, the West in the early 1850's form one

Christensen. Carl M. Hansen succeeds Floyd H. White. of the most dramatic epochs in Church

Fruitland Branch, Duchesne Stake, Earl Santaquin Second Ward, Santaquinhistory. Now being executed by Tor-

J. Sweat appointed presiding Elder. Tintic Stake, Melvin A. Openshaw succeeds lif Knaphus, wellknown Utah sculpCharles Holladay. Howard Stake, Branch, Strawberry Duchesne tor, the monument, familiar new to Stake, Franklin Branch, Payette Weiser presiding Elder Fausett appointedLewis its in smaller, original many disform appointed. Peterson J.to succeed Bishop Clarence Baum. for played several in years the Bureau Stake, Ontario Douglas Weiser Ward, Stake, TwentyFirst Emigration Ward, of Information, portrays a sturdy pioChristiansen. succeeds Phippen Leonard Affleck succeeds BurtGordon Thomas W. R. neer family father, Jefferson of Ernest Stake, Wells mother, A. Ward, and twoMuir.

Bancroft Ward, Idaho Stake, Joseph C. Jorgensen succeeds Harold F. Stewart. children, drawing a handcart loaded

Call succeeds Olester Tolman. Evanston Second Ward, Woodruff with their meager belongings. The subStake, Bishop Bennett William H. moved Falls Stake, Iona Idaho Bruce Ward, ject M. has drawn wide comment and acfirst Price, from ward; Wilford coun- M. succeeds Schwieder.Olsen Arthur W. for claim its artistic literary and value. selor, presiding. Stake, Second Logan Logan Ward, Lynn completion of the figseven-foot On Clifford Branch, Stake, Durango Young succeedsA. Peter Pederson. C. A. Thomson ures, the will memorial sent to be Chipresiding appointed Elder. Evensen H. Eighth Stake, Fred Logan Ward, Logan

J. Kloepfer succeeds Victor E. Peterson. Center Ward, Riverside Stake, Dr. C. cago for reproduction in bronze. TenLogan Eleventh Ward, Logan Stake, W. Morvin Stutznegger succeeds Bishop Contative plans are to place it just inside

Loyal Hall succeeds George B. Everton. rad Stutznegger. the south or east entrance to Temple

Arlington Ward, Los Angeles Stake, Sixteenth Ward, Riverside Stake, L. DeSquare. {Concluded on page 438)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

THE M. I. A. THEME

FOR 19391940 '"Phe following poem was given as a musical reading by the author at the East Kentucky M. I. A. banquet on

April 20, 1940. She is seventyeight

years of age. Musical background was

"My Prayer,"found in the L. D. S.

Hymn Book.

Dear Youth, for you I humbly pray

That you will live your Theme each day.

Improve each precious moment, too,

That God may say, "Well done,"to you.

Our young folks must be entertained,

While yet in hopeful youth.

So they organized the M. I. A.,

To teach them life and truth.

Our M. I. A. is grand, indeed,

And everywhere will take the lead,

In doing good, in sowing seed,

O'er mountain, glade, and fertile mead.

Our fearless, faithful Pioneers

Through desert sun have trod, To set up in the mountain high

The ensign of their God.

Be steadfast always to the truth

For which our noble fathers died.

A heritage they left to youth,

To carry on, and—Janeton, withTuftspride.Nichols

Ashland, Kentucky.

PLAY BALL—Ogden Third Ward Summer Activity By Reed Anderson "DA ecognizingsummer activities,the need forThomasorganizedL.

Checketts, Scoutmaster in the Ogden

Third Ward, did something about it last year. As chairman, he, with two

young men and two young women as assistants, organized and sponsored a ward M. I. A. softball league.

Seventyfour persons, from Scouts to

Adults, actively participated. Fans

and spectators were numerous; competition was keen; excitement ran

high; enjoyment hit a new peak. Ward

members spent a thoroughly enjoyable summer under Church influence. Activity in all organizations has been stimulated, attendance at all meetings has

improved. This increased activity and

attendance was especially noticeable,

(READING FROM TOP TO BOTTOM) PASADENA STAKE FIRST ANNUAL EXPLORERJUNIOR BALL

THE CANADIAN SINGERS WHO PERFORMED

AT JUNE CONFERENCE IN 1939. THE SINGERS

WERE DIRECTED BY WILLIAM C. STONE WITH

MRS. PAUL DAHL, ACCOMPANIST, WHO ARE

STANDING IN THE FOREGROUND AT THE RIGHT

OF THE GROUP.

M MENGLEANER BANQUET HELD AT THE

LOGAN SQUARE CHAPEL, CHICAGO STAKE. THE

THEME WAS "ROUNDUP."ONE HUNDRED

FOUR PEOPLE WERE IN ATTENDANCE.

UNION STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL HELD

IN JANUARY, 1940.

FRANKLIN STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

ADULT MUTUAL CLASS BANQUET OF 6-7TH

WARD, PIONEER STAKE. (See page, 32.)

FRANKLIN STAKE OPERETTA "1VIARITANA,"

PRESENTED BY THE M. I. A. GROUP.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940 of course, in the Mutuals, but was not Telegram which was read by many MINISTER COMPLIMENTS limited to them. people later met by tracting Elders. MORMON ELDERS

Six teams entered. The season (ten In the meantime, opposing teams HPhe following enclosure was received

weeks) was divided into two halves. continued to respect the fast, clean per- A from Mrs. A. J. Jensen, a member

Since we were able to play three games formance of the Mormons, who were of the Church in Lompoc, California:

fields, each adjacent at once on two plied questions. with now There soon California Lompoc, during twice other each team team met followed invitation to explain an MorMrs. Jensen: Dear half. twice played each Games, to of the a monism ormembers "Hi-Y"Presof the Three-F Club The Lompoc under played week, umpired and were ganization, from young high upper men California, byterian Church, meets which eligibility rules. school college lower selected and a on nights in various Sunday homes, composed

of athletics, basis scholarship, of thirty of the adults, about mostso- younger and undefeated. were The Men M ly couples, married pleasure the cial young qualifications. had Friendmaking has there wait, say. "Naturally,"But you

of hearing missionaries, Eltwo Mormon continued, basketball in making Toritems! important were

. handicaps—very. ders gentlePeterson, and Cope These onto, off, floor both the on an and definitely not championship The was to kind divide enough were men and.come aid in important proselyting. misThe means. cutand-dried any More honors. of Elder organization the spoke Cope sionaries are of the members team who to the ready than were tithing once of and the of Latterday Men Church byM follows: are as Saints, while particthe in Elder give up. of very Peterson were games spoke Most

ular the of mission the missionaries and work the close. the time when There (forward), Joseph Cooper Ralph

field. in the Club Three-F were Our members sixth the led the to Juniors up Men (forward), Chadwick Farres wasM Nyman greatly interested talks the and enjoyed I'll runs. lost inning, then only by two (center), Verl (forward), Clark Calvery better much. re- a Thus acquaintance that the went howls never forget up bert (guard), Russell Bingham the Davies garding secured, work Mormon was

when the Juniors clouted two homers (local member, guard), Ralph Robinand a mutual creation of good will and inning! in past the same folks between differof somewhat the M Men

ent faiths accomplished, the writer was and furnished Equipment by was this is the M sonRichard(forward),Poll ( mascotWynn), OrsonFife (Guard),Spencer believesfeeling the practice of Christianity

Men, the bishopric, the Mutuals, and (guard), Lamont Leavitt (guard), and the Golden Rule. Cordially,

season, individuals. of the the end At James Martin (local member, guard), (Signed) Pastor. John Garretson,

industrial all visited participants a local (guard). Willis Ericksen Coach (Continued 436) on page a watermelon plant with and finished

bust (loser's treat) and bonfire program.

The Ogden Third Ward Softball league was a huge success. This summer's games were eagerly awaited

during the winter! It has been many,

many years since anything as mutually improving and worth while has been sponsored in our ward. We heartily

pass it on.

BASKETBALL VICTORIES AID

TORONTO ELDERS

By Elder Farres H. Nyman

only one loss in a twentyWiththree game season, Mormon missionaries of the Toronto District recently won the championship of the Central "Y"Basketball House

League in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

The decisive 4838 victory over a former Ontario runnerup marked the close of a season successful in other, more important, ways: in favorable

publicity gained and in opportunities created to introduce the message of

Mormonism to outstanding young people. TOP: THE MISSIONWith a similar missionary team vicARIESTHE NORTHWHO ATTENDEDCAROLINA

tory last year more or less ignored by EASTBANQUETDISTRICTAND M. CON-I. A.

the newspapers, there was some relucVENTION, HELD FEBtance on the part of the mission to RUARY 17 TO 19.

devote much time to basketball again OQUIRRHUPPER STAKECENTER:M

GLEANER MEN AND reaction the earlyseasonand was disIN HELD BANQUET THEcouraging, of publicity apnot a line RECPLEASANT GREEN pearing in either of Toronto's three REATION HALL AT MAGNA, UTAH.

CENTER: LOWER OF THE MALE MEMBERS QUARTETTE OFleading after nine weeks'newspapers MISSION NORTHERN STATES OHIO, THE HAVE WHO TOURED

effort. the Signs of life appeared INDIANA, when MICHIGAN. ARE, LEFT TO RIGHT: AND THE MEMBERS

Globe and Mail acknowledged the A.DONCAHOON.L. RUSHTON, EPHRAIM B. PECTOL, CARL G. FREEMAN, LEON

Elders'capturing the first series chamBOTTOM: MR. FLOYD D. WESTOVER OF ABERDEEN, IDAHO,

HIS FOUR SONS GROUP. UP PRIESTHOOD WHO MADE Apionship. Persistence more genAND was

LEFT ROW, TO RIGHT: LAVERE, FRONT TEACHER; FLOYD A

erously rewarded, a comprehenand PRIEST; HIGH CALVIN, A DEACON. ROW, FERRELL, BACK D.,ANA

sive article appeared in the Evening ELDER; RALPH, A PRIEST; AND LELAND, A SEVENTY.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

{Continued from page 435) prove as outstanding as that just comIn order for the story festival to be

CHARLESTON STAGES pleted. a success it will be necessary to have

BANQUET, DANCE The Colonial Heights the cooperation of the other organizaSuperintendency. the bishop of the tions and ward. Good in Charleston, time ago short West

publicity in advance, given well must be largest Virginia, the best andA special invitaannouncements, with

I. that and banquet A. convention M. etc. tions, posters,

has been held in this mission was held.

Two hundred four people were present. How to Tell a Story It was held in the banquet room of HONOR BADGE ACTIVITY I. Preparing the Story.

a. for general it over plot and Read of the Hotel, the Daniel one Boone already your BeeHive groups Are atmosphere. state finest of in the hotels VirWest ** enjoying activity? Honor Badge b. carefully: slowly noting again Read ginia. the of banquet theme was The they together selected met Have and peculiarities, their 1. Characters—art, music drama, and 'Progress"-—in etc. the they like to Badges Honor would

and in public speaking. work on this summer? There are so 2. Places and definite episodes.

In connection with the banquet we many that provide for happy, profitable 3. Climax. Determine where the

in climax story the of and comes dance. one This dance a held was girls together. hours select the Let

it efprepare so can make you held that three during been the have it is time, that meeting see but fective. this dance season. past had the At we or every once a week 4. theirregular—once details Specialties. that Note put demonstration which was dance a weeks. two personally. to appeal Deyou first the Branch. the Charleston on by in words. velop them your own

I. SUMMER CAMP dances of the A... demonstration M. c. or a draw Make notes—outline It girl this in mission. in BeeHive held a been summer that *'pVERY has story. of Visualize diagram your

was a huge affair. Many very favor- *-* camp!"That's our Silver Jubilee it, so that you can shut your eyes

able comments were heard concerning slogan for the 1940 summer months. and see the action unfolding. Memit. The manager of the hotel said that Of course your plans are made and orize the action rather than the

beautiful of words. passages Some that it best he banquet had the already some of you was be on your may

retained the story should which be served. Elder by Reported ever

be memorized. may Central L. will Madsen days. they David of the East be happy know way.We d. the times. story Reread many

States Mission. The pamphlets The Summer Way of e. Lay aside your notebook. Tell

SUNDAY SCHOOL ENLIST- M.with/. suggestionsA. and Camp-O-Ramawhich will helpare filledyou yourpeatingstorythe tofewyourselfpassagessilently,memorre-MENT SUCCESS IN COLONIAL to plan camp hours which will never ized.

HEIGHTS WARD, PORTLAND be forgotten. f. Tell it aloud to an imaginary group.

STAKE g. Tell it aloud to someone who can

29, 1939, Sunday, October II. the Telling Story. picture delightthe with you /AN me

a. tones can Wellrounded, Colonial Heights Sunday ** ful all in Festival Story BeewhichOnthe STORY FESTIVAL criticize your diction and voice. best. heard "noisy"be unforcedA shrill, Stake, School, Portland will participate Girls emHive in August? listeners uneasy. voice makes Open

barked on a special campaign to stim- I can see the spacious grounds of some your mouth while speaking so the ulate enlistment work and to make the wards or a neighborhood park being tone may escape readily and if the members of the Sunday School enlistfilled with an eager, happy throng betone is lowered to a resonant pitch, mentminded. The organizing of the fore the twilight shadows come, and it will be heard with much more

campaign and all activity was carried as the cool of the evening is drawing ease than a highpitched voice.

speaking in a monotone; Avoid supervision able of theon under It will near. fun, for the story- b. be

inflection important place an on director. enlistmentCharles Brown, our tellers will dressed in appropriate all be stirring situations In words.

The drive was concluded January costumes for the stories that they will entirely natural and highly pleasingit is 28, 1940, and was followed by a three tell. if you dramatize effective spots.

weeks'Junior campaign in which the Purpose. Yes, this will be a delight- c. Look at your audience while telling

Kindergarten and Primary classes parful occasion in our summer Jubilee prothe story; they will listen with

ticipated. The result of the effort was gram, and in addition, the girls will be greater pleasure.

listeners so in a semicircleoutstanding. School Sixty Sunday Let's Badges. working on Honor read d. Arrangeall of the storythe face may see successfully participated andmembers Badge through Honor No. 1 (p. 110) teller.

one hundred and eighty inactive or in the Field of Religion; then numbers III. Suggestions.

nonmembers attended our services 33, 34, 35, (p. 115) in the Field of Arts a. Bible, Book of Mormon, or Pioneer

through personal invitation. The best and Crafts, and No. 59 (p. 118) in the stories.

attendance increases were thirtythree Field of Public Service. Though this b. There are over seven hundred

percent ( two Sundays ), and our avone occasion does not complete the selections of various types of litererage increase for the period was a requirements, it will provide opportunature for different age groups in a entitled Antholbook onevolumelittle percent. fourteen better than for ity The beginning. a good

Literature by ogy of Children's class contribSenior of 1939 It is Primary Plan. that suggested published about four JohnsonScott Houghby unit, the most, to as a classuted our girls five or in appropriate placed be this Mifflin In ton book Company.

success. spots and that the stories they tell be are to be found nursery rhymes,

On the first of March, a Ward Honthe same length (about 10 minutes). Mother Goose stories, fables, hero

or Night was held as the climax to the At the sound of the whistle, the listentales, fairy tales, nature stories, endeavor. A very impressive program ing groups will move to the next place myths, North American Indian

was presented, and the ten outstanding until each group has been to each storystories, and fiction.

c. Child Should Operas Every Know. participantsindividual teller. girl tell were each different story a may A published Grosset Delores Bacon, by of President a picture if Grant her,awarded she to as each group comes Dunlap. and

of congratulations a telegram from retelland one. wishes, the or she same may d. Stories Boys. and Music for Girls

the General Superintendency in Salt One BeeKeeper reported the BeeGross, published by Ginn & Co.

Lake City. Hive Girls in her ward were going to (These last two furnish some very

Our thanks and compliments to. cooperate with the Primary, and the fine stories of operas. Among the

Charles Brown for his enthusiastic children are already looking forward to nicest to tell are Hansel and Gretel, work. Much of our success must be a real treat. This particular affair is The Bohemian Girl, Mignon, The

attributed to his ability to organize and being held in the morning on the ward Mikado. )

consistently push things along. We grounds, which are spacious and away Very best wishes for a happy "Once

hope that his work in the future may from the street. upon a time"hour!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

A Pioneer Speaks hefar thinksfrom home.tooj much... of it to send her so myget alonglove tocomfortably,her and tell andher II wouldam welllikeandto

P. S. Tell Aunt Lucy I would like to have her write me if she will. I would

(Goncluded from page 405 call and eat a piece of mince pie and cheese write to ail my friends individually if I was but edify you, could writer and a good Mily, her; Sally and Aunt and with Aunt

is his visit to goin[g] Green. HeJohn are dothe care I don't Mormons what call like to you of would beans. pot baked a

it I will be don't wherefriends and know with to I don't wish I annoy you ing, and her H. eat with a Aunt donuts few and

it. if I get care, don'tmailed, You you and truth the teach they although Mormonism turkey. pudding and take a plum would

tell saints the come sure and whenbe me the they it prevail. preach Yes, will and

if all every can. rest Write the theyout and Basin, City, Great Salt principles Great life. Lake eternal Those of principles

opportunity you have to. Send direct your North America, April 9th, 1849. that will save souls in the celestial KingIsrael.letters of to the camp this called it is are for of and we God Sisters: dom Brothers Beloved and wishes well Sister and from This Your friends and suffer to leave our to and homes I write to this opportunity you improve Twiss. C. (signed) J. Naamah the this is earth but all to us that dear on this I first in for the been since time have

all for that enquire to love me Give my shall our is reap coming day we when that the appointed the has place place Lord if tell Little he to Br. know I wantand in fold the and world; hundred an reward this I to gather. to for people His came Sister drank that toast the Youngremembers... life. eternal to in the come, world last. Sept. the of had place 20th on We it if hereto and was he him was when all the of to Uncles and love Give my then for pleasant months very weather two tofulfilled Tell home. him got he when I like Tell Cousin. would them and Aunts have the cold weather commenced, and we all mislet Excuse know. uswrite and write them very to and have see them much winter, have hard and very a many had sister this and your from accept andtakes to I of thing think don't more any me. in lived not havhouses but wagons had no wishes.well close, will will interest that and write you fall, withstandto build last but not time ing Twiss. (signed) C. Naamah J, night. write sure and you so when Be good it has hardships ing inconveniences and

P. S. Give my love to Mrs. Bruse and been pretty healthy as a general thing and get this without fail. Excuse all mistakes,

tell her that George Taggart is in the Morbut a very few deaths and those children this from your Sister mon Battalion, but his wife is here and that mostly that died with the whooping cough. (signed) Naamah J. C. Twiss.

Hariet Child is well and enjoys very good You would like to know how I like the to her Brothers and Sisters.

health. Valley. I think when I can look outdoors P. S. Please to send me a bottle of good

if a chance. have ink you the potato corn behold and and wheat and 19th, 1847. Bluffs, Dec. Sunday, Counsel fine fields the together covgardens with

Sisters: Brothers andBeloved peas, squashes, melons, ered and with

letter to send a Bolivar opportunity an Having Simon I all think kinds vegetables of then beans, that goin[g] are the Brethren of some 401by page (Continued from I like as shall the much. very Valley But

I states improve mission easternto the on advocatBolivar In 1810, began I thing great but see yet cannot a any

I well that let tothe same you am know the Mountains. In surrounded Valley Rocky by unity ing Americas. of the the the I forgotten nor that not have youand is tree that so dear not a even maple No, written in he Peru, Lima, 1826, had I I you. with spent No, have hourshappy I this at to in the year, time and hope me blessthe the forgotten of invitations to and country not you everyhave many will to eat sugar not forget of a cake you for I at hands, received your thatings have to delegates to three send Americas in for to Spalding Yes, me. Uncle go

I I spend that could often and come wish visit for taste and and Little in Temple a success make me congress a Panama. to Uncle with and go monthsa few you their for the of maple bush and when me effort, this Bolivar but attended and Lucy Aunt Whites Uncle andJoseph saints out cake Peterborough a from come of apples of and a a diplofeeling lost his for the haveand bowl mug never to health will acceptable very me. be My

I in your myself imagineCider. Often do role play the Americas I matic would all is to eat plenty very have and good a

fireseated your are by you whencompany I all the time. helps the time which sew in the by, world. years the went As apples. ofside Oh, enjoying a how bowl together with very much, good me my culmination of the he however, I saw I them. get can't and some want do last the divide that to friends meal would

that if I cellar Nathan's into getthink could furthis other dreams pushed and the did next not and had they where know barrels the of I in hole a some would make "this realized that ther away. are in Friends from. need come would He legged the had mice think two wouldso he in friends deed. next, shall generation, the see nor is I all think to to can but do work,been I fail will to often. write not hope you me are republic the of the glory it apples. we eat the must andabout you I I feel to anxious hear you. very from

after in days I a arrived few Phelps Brother consider founding. a... America I that did disappointed very have not was

left here. your Little SentBrother me chrysalis; will she letter metalast a write, undergo mail. the a you When here. after got he the morning nextbundle write does. give (Concluded Mother 438) on how page You Mcoy

I like dress safe. TheEverything come

very much. I could not selected one

that I liked better and the shoes I should think were made on purpose for me and the rest of the things I like very much, and

I thank you very much. I pray the Lord

to bless you and reward you an hundred fold. You wrote if I wanted any thing to

write and let you know, and I will do so for

I always do as I am told when it is right.

I want a thick shawl of some kind to wear every day for my plaid one is all wore out and I have no other one but my cashmere one and that is to[o] good to wear every day and I would like two or three yards of linen to make some collars and a handkerchief and I want Nathan to send me some black Orleans Cloth or Alapacca for a dress and I will have Solome Caroline and Betsey to use their better judgment as to what they shall send me for I expect that their purse strings will be untied in time of need.

night last Friday returned Taggart George is nigh out the on Eggs are ideal as a hot weather worn from army. He

account of the hardships he has passed for to eat not havingthrough many enough their energy food—and they're good, too! eat to but had nothingdays. They

horses and mules that gave out and could travel.not kill them and would They eat A Product of the Utah Poultry Producers'Coop. Assn.

old. not I should them. very He looks

have known him if I had seen him any "Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A, Cooking Schools

where else but at his own house. He says

that Mrs. Bruce can't have that child for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

to celein our hearts of Bolivar'sThe Church Moves On E.tion,Waters,17 GibbonsChairmanStreet,JubileeWoolloonCelebra- ofbrateadmirationthe anniversary

(Concluded from page 432) gabba Brisbane, Australia. birthday, July 24th, and the anniBRISBANE BRANCH, MESA, TOOELE WARDS versary of the first declaration of

AUSTRALIA, PREPARES DIVIDED independence in South America, that of Venezuela, July 5th, as wellFOR GOLDEN JUBILEE PVvisiON of the Tooele Second Ward

Pouring August, 1940, the Brisbane, on May 21 created the Tooele as to celebrate our own glorious

Fourth and Twentyfourth. of the Queensland, Branch Church Second Fifth and Tooele wards.

* i, its willin Australia celebrate golden will Bishop Marcellus R. Clark remain

anniversary, marking fifty years since bishop of the Second Ward with Erb the arrival of the first missionaries from Johnson and I. D. Bird as his counThree Questions

New Zealand. Brisbane was the first selors. W. Bevan Anderson was ( Concluded from page 394

branch organized in this field. As a selected as bishop of the Fifth Ward, lacking knowledge, I cannot help

special feature of the two weeks of with W, Leon Bevan and Eldon feeling thankful for the testimony festivities 11, reShields, commencing August counselors.

turned missionaries and former memMesa Fifth Ward, Maricopa Stake, that we have and my gratitude for bers are invited to write letters of greetwas created by a division of the Mesa this knowledge is far beyond my ing and congratulation. Letters will Second Ward on April 7th. Lucian power of expression.

be read during the conference sessions. M. Mecham, Jr., was chosen to preside Beveridge said that these men acBrisbane is particularly eager to hear over the new ward as bishop, while knowledged that there was a decay

from pioneers of the work in Australia. Egbert D. Brown retains his position of faith among the people; that the

Letters should be addressed to William as bishop of the Second Ward. churches were becoming empty, so to

speak, and he went on to say: "How

ice, warm theSimon Bolivar were bringing health to men of the could such priests of [Concluded from page 437) old world. souls of men? How could such

I see it serve as bond, as center, as emporapostles of interrogation convert a morphosis."Again he spoke of ium to the human family. I see it seated world?"

the throne liberty, the grasping on of scepfrom developmentSouth America's is us. interrogation with There no

.. tre justice, of revealing to the oldthe times times to of the the sword truth. the are spendhave the the. of world majesty new. We We

political civilization, foretoldof and it. ing our time preaching Every Isthmus the of wanted PanaHe cultureher glory. and true "I Latterday say: Saint can to the to be world modern what ma Bolivar of "as America dreamed lives; that that know I know God to the Isthmus Corinth of been had

in greatestthe the country world, is lives, Christ that the Jesus He the Greeks.

not because of wealth and extension, May God grant that some day we (may Redeemer of the world; I know that

but because of its glory and freeinstall there) an august congress of the reJoseph Smith was a prophet of God."

to discuss empires, kingdoms, and In to thedom."an address Conpublics, in the I do rejoice knowledge How interests the of study high and and peacegress of Colombia, looked he ahead of the Saints Latterday concerning the nations of the three parts with other war

centuries a uniteda few and saw things. these of cooperation kind of the world! This is what may Knowledge

America, and was amazed at its be established in some happy time of our counts in this world, and the Latteritsculture, its prosperity, splendor. declare what it. WeIts two oceans be brought were to has revealed regeneration.We who believe in prophecy may wedayknowSaintsandhavewhat God

together spacious idea well lengthy and "sweet by our of our expand to us. to the that world We declare

Itscanals. treasures of silver include the three to of liberty"land and the everlasting part of us has been

gold were going to the confines of Americas. And when July comes converted to the divinity of the work

the earth, and its lifegiving plants around, we might light a little flame in which we are engaged.

The M.I. A. Theme

( Continued page from 395

time us men! demands Always Fresh and Tasty! God give The

Strong minds, strong hearts, true faith and willing hands That rightout-ofthe-oven freshness... and delicious

the lust of office does not kill; Men whom

real bread flavor... have made Royal Fine White Bread Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy;

Men who possess opinions and a will;

a favorite in thousands of homes. For genuine bread enjoyMen who have honor; men who will not lie;

stand before who can Men a demagogue ment—ask your grocer for Royal Bread.

his flatteries treacherous without damn And

ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden—100% HomeOwned winking;

100% American Tall men, suncrowned, who live above the fog In public duty and in private thinking.

For while the rabble with their thumbwora creeds, Their large professions and their little deeds,.

Mingle in selfish strife, lol Freedom weeps! ROYAI, Wrongsleeps! BREAD rules the land, and waiting justice

Fresh every day The Value of High Thinking at your grocer's Psychologically sound and true as the Gospel is the biblical phrase, "as a man thinketh in his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

The M.I. A. Theme

heart, so is he."Thoughts mould

your features. Thoughts lift your

soul heavenward, or drag you toward hell. "He who sows thoughtswill reap acts, habits, and character; GASfor destiny itself is determined by REFRIGERATOR

thinking. Life is won or lost by its runs

master thoughts. As nothing reveals character like the company welike and keep, so nothing foretells PERMANENTLY

futurity like the thoughts over which SILENT we brood."It has no moving mechanical

It was said of John Keats that his parts to wear or become face was the face of one who had noisy. A tiny gas flame

seen a vision. So long had his inner silent as a candle—does all

eye been fixed upon beauty, so long the work.

had he loved that "vision splendid,"so long had he lived with it, that not only did his soul take on the loveliness of what he contemplated, If you look at one refrigerator, look at the but the very lines of the poet's face Gas refrigerator—if you look at more than

were chiseled into beauty by those one, look at the Gas refrigerator and see sculptors called thoughts and ideals.

Swiftly do we become like the the difference. You can have one inthoughts we love. Scholars have stalled on easy terms.

noticed that old persons who have lived long together, 'midst sunshine and 'midst cloudy weather, come at alike as look to as nearlylength FU EL SUPPLY COMPANY exsister. Emerson <brother and mfkjB*.X do MOUNTAIN====== that likeness saying thisplains by Serving 23 Utah Salt Lake Ogdenlong thinking the same thoughts and Provo 3%Sm Communities

loving the same objects mould similarity into the features. "Nor is there

any beauty in the face of youth or maiden that can long survive sourness in the disposition or discontent in the heart."

Newell Dwight Hills, writing of "The Mind and Right Thinking"says of Jesus:

He strides across the realms and ages, gentlest, kindliest the thinkingyet always as mildness of thoughtsthoughts; well as on the money you save by bus/

divinity. His thoughts were medicines for

to wings thoughtshurt were hearts; His all iinjoy extra vacation thrills! Go by airthose freedthe lowflying; thoughts His who

had been snared in the thickets; His thoughts conditioned bus, and have more left to

set cradle; His beside each an angel down the spend at your favorite vacaof rendered the incarnationthoughts

human body forever sacred; His thoughts of tion spot. Or let your travel

sanctified the tomb.the grave and Dying extra miles of dollars buy UNION

rising, clove thoughts an His open pathway PACIFIC sightseeing adventure. and the the peothrough Him, sky. Taught by

ple have learned to think—not only great You'll see more, travel better

thoughts, but good ones, and also how to turn thoughts into life.—yet spend less! Ask your

TZI local bus agent for details. "Sow a thought and reap an act,"

said Thackeray; "sow an act and

reap a habit, sow a habit and reap a ] union pacific stages character, sow a character and reap Free Travel Folders an eternal destiny."Paste this coupon on a penny

postal card and mail to UNION 77 WEST BUS TOURS, PACIFIC Clear Conscience

LAKE ST., SALT TEMPLE SOUTH

THo have the approval of your conformationCITY, UTAH,on allexpensefor completeColoIn- science when you are alone with rado vacation tour.

your thoughts is like being in the NAME company of true and loving friends. ADDRESS

To merit your own selfrespect gives CITY STATE IE740 (Concluded on page 440)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

THE M.I.A. THEME THE ADVERTISERS

violated, ( Concluded to console 439 us so from page and far as God and Where You Will Find it. has given to perform us grace

is of character. strength Conscience

Their Messages the link that binds your soul to the HThe M. I. A. Theme connotes the

spirit of God. President Steamship American fundamental principles—FidelLines 392 Daniel Courage, Webster was once asked ity, Moral High Thinking,

Beneficial Life Insurance Co what was the greatest thought that and a Conscience that makes sleep

Back Cover had delight. ever occupied his mind, and he restful a waking hours and

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated

is answered: given This admonishing theme 422 Milk

Brigham Young University 387 There is no evil we cannot face or flee not to curtail the happiness and the

Case, J. I. Co. 388 from but the consequences of duty disrefreedom of young people, but to enus pursues of obligation sense garded. both. contentment hance Peace and A Church's Juice 390 Grape Co

If is like It Deity. the ever. omnipresent to of adherence the are rich rewards Continental Refining Oil Co. & the of ourselves to morning take wings 387 we principles. once said high Emerson parts the sea, Co. of 422 Deseret Book in the uttermost dwell and

Deseret News Press 446 duty performed or duty violated is still with that "nothing can bring you peace

If misery. us, for our or happiness our principles."the of triumph we but Fuller, Co. 389 W. P. the shall us, in cover that darkness say It this great, effiis inspiring to see 5C Globe Grain 420 Milling Co are in the light, obligations as our darkness

Hollywood Recording Studios 440 yet with us. We cannot escape their power ciently organized, wellequipped

Hotel Utah 441 nor fly from their presence. They are with army, taking an unyielding stand

its life, close, at this us will us in with be selfishness, disloyalty, and against Press Hovey in inconceivable that solemnity of scene 388 and sin, of purity of life, in defense and Inside Back Cover KSL find lies shall ouron, farther yet which we truth. righteousness and Glass Co. Kerr of selves 419 the consciousness followed by

L. D. S. Business College 447 duty—to pain us forever if it has been God bless you in your work.

Lankershim Hotel 442 Levi Strauss Co. 387

Mountain Fuel Supply Co. 439 PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS

Nalley's, Incorporated 423 Ogden School of Beauty 440 ( Continued from page 397 which was his own, for the thieves, and the the the murderers, robbers, and magic Palace and Hotel 390 to these occasion took every show art, in the the witchcraft and which was Purex 42 to lead peoples proper the them way, 2:10.) land. (Mormon of Quish School Beauty Culture.391

life, bring great to there repentant to wick- a never been had so back And Fire Ext. Red Comet Co. 388

all Lehi, the of children edness nor among of In righteousness. to one them Royal Co. Baking 438 Israel, all the of accordhouse even among their preof righteousness, moods Saltair Corp. Beach 391 to the of ing the as Lord, words among was

Shell Oil Co. Inside Front Cover pared thereto by a prophet of God, this people. (Mormon 4:12.)

Standard Oil Company of Calif. 445 the Master Himself, having finished And if they perish it will be like unto the

Union Pacific Stages 439 His work in Palestine, visited them Jaredites, because of the wilfulness of their hearts, seeking for blood and revenge. Engraving Utah Co. 442 ministered in taught person and and 9:23.) (Moroni Fire 442 Utah Home Ins. Co again over them. unto and Over

Metal Utah Industry Mining 385 final the one and came war Then they were them when He blessed Oil Utah Refining Co. 443 the exterminated on was righteous. over again and Over He people Poultry Producers'Utah Assn..437 that the exwitnessed spot had same evils of the deand them warned 8C Light Utah Power Co 444 hill tinction the of Jaredites—the Ramah struction unrepented that followed 8C Washburn Condon 442 the to the to Jaredites (Ether 15:11),

Woodbury College 391 sin. Over and over again He punNephites, Cumorah (Mormon 6:6). For

ished their wickedness. But to no the utter beastliness of the final strugavail. gle, I refer you to the record. I should

The recounting of the history of shock and horrify you if I were to this people is unnecessary, because recount it, but it matches God's decreesONG & SONGyou know it. Beginning with mere to the last word and act, in every jot

disputes, there grew bickerings, then and tittle. WRIYERS theirPOEM record, whole every Through quarrelings, ruptures, then then twoOriginal songs, lyrics poems and wanted it, their history, of through whole its inword for then cursed onefor recordings. Melodies withpeoples, supplied it, there of run every hour had day andout charge. iquities, awards. Monthly then great and counterwars, wars A the the decree: divine of Serve mastery foropportunity the ambitious capable and this steadily while people marched it or be be swept God maywriter. for free Write details. off—which today iniquity."their "fulness of towards is this said land. of the again law The

HOLLYWOOD RECORDING STUDIOS, Finally there had come to all the record shows that whenever God was

Box 87AJ Preuss Sta., Los Angeles. Calif. people the same wickedness that was served, He showered upon them such

to gather and enjoy; them whenever robbers, were Gadianton who And these sinned, they with afthem He warned land, infest the the did Lamanites, among

flictions. thereof the inhabitants that beganENROLL(Commence Later ii Desired)NOW insomuchamong the Jaredites. Mormon says a richness of His blessings as taxed

$25. Discount on a Complete totheyhidebecameup theirslippery,treasuresbecausein thetheearth;Lord andhad of SoLehia thousandhad been yearsfounded,afterthetheNephiticcolony IN BEAUTY COURSE CULTURE

A State Accredited School cursed the land, that they could not hold branch had been wiped out because of them, nor retain them again. their iniquities as had been revealed to

it sorthere to that pass were came And founding. while the colony Lehi was Culture SchoolOgden of Beauty witchcrafts, magics; and and and but remained, branch The Lamanitish TheatreOver Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH ceries,the the evil of one wrought power was upon

folthat under a condemnation has the face of the land.... (MormonName all than them two lowed now for more 1:18, 19.)

Address...City State... For behold, no man could keep that thousand, four hundred years.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS

to shall serve that they according be him all face the nations, other upon the above failed to live twice each and/hoice peoples have thus been tried "been lifted up by the power of God him whom he shall bring. And if it so

it the given, he hath which commandments all is choice land the of above which everlasting decree""thelaw and obey shall liberty whereof a them; be land unto that the lands, land is the other which this land.governing fore, shall into they never be brought down

The Lord took every precaution to Lord God hath covenanted with thy captivity; if so, it shall be because of insee that nothing might interfere with father that his seed should have for the iquity; for if iniquity shall abound cursed

this posterity of Joseph in working out land of their inheritance;..."(ibid. shall be the land for their sakes, but unto

their Godgiven destiny and the destiny 13:30, 31 ); and that the "wrath of God the righteous it shall be blessed forever.

of America. He provided, and so told was upon all those that were gathered (2 Nephi 1:5-7.)

Lehi at the very beginning of his settletogether against them [the Gentiles] to Later Lehi's son, Jacob, teaching the ment, that: battle"on this land (ibid. 18). people, declared:

Lehi: declared further to Lord The

it is this that land should wisdom...

this shall land, said behold, God, But if it the that shall pass, to of other yet the as frombe kept knowledge come And the inheritance, thine of land and a be shall the ofnations; behold, for nations unto Gentiles hearken would many Lamb

shall land. blessed the Gentiles be upon

.. the land, that thereoverrun be would no God.

this liberty shall of land land a be And the their against inheritance. for heartsplace not 1:8.) harden. (2 an Nephi And

shall the Gentiles, there unto be and no shall of they be God, among numbered Lamb shall raise the kings unto land, upon up who for a the so kept land Lord The shall father; the thy of yea, they be seed

Gentiles. the Israel; after landed. of years the Lehithousand house and numbered among He

I all this will fortify against land And the shall blessed people they upon it be a inso for another His kept wisdom nations. other shall forever; land they promised no be after years the Nephitesthousand were shall fighteth that against he Zion And the captivity; into brought and more down todestroyed, give the perhaps Lamansaith perish, God. Israel shall of confoundbe house no moreitish raiseth that he chance. branch another against a king up For me ed.

I, perish, shall of for the the king Lord, the the beforehand But Lord knew if the Gentiles Therefore, unto be wo

I their will king, will heaven, a be and be inthe migration of Lehi andoutcome it their that hearts they harden so be light forever, that unto hear them my before Nephi,formed and Lehi the even 14:1, against (1 of God. Nephi Lamb 10:1014.) (2 words. Nephi

lefthis 2,6.) shores. the family home He I this will land consecrate Wherefore,

todeclared era an of the GenNephi flee their captivity shouldtiles who and Just before Lehi died, he declared: untoberedthyamongseed,thyandseed,themforever,who shallfor bethe numland

come to this land ( 1 Nephi 13), that the Yea, the Lord hath covenanted this land of their inheritance, for it is a choice land,

Gentiles should here scatter the seed of unto me, and to my children forever, and saith God unto me, above all other lands, all led should also those out be all I will who of wherefore dwell have men that the that brethren,Nephi's 13:14), ( ibid. the of countries the other Lord. hand by shall that thereon saith they worship me, theirGentiles of out caphad come this that shall into there none come 10:19.) Nephi God. {2

tivity the "delivered because power by the shall land.. brought they save. be by

of God out of the hands of all other hand of the Lord. These were the promises and the

nations,"(ibid. 13:19), that they had Wherefore, this land is consecrated unto (Continued on page 442)

ENJOY THE COMPLETE APPOINTMENTS OF UTAH'S LARGEST AND FINEST HOTEL

Our New Modern Underground Garage

One of the finest in the country is now open! It has cost upwards

of $200,000 and offers every modern facility to care for your car swiftly and efficiently. Hotel

guests, shoppers, theatregoers, business men and the general public are cordially invited to use 500 MODERN LIGHT AIRY ROOMS the new Hotel Utah Garage.

VERY REASONABLE RATES IN ALL * HOTEL UTAH

DEPARTMENTS GUY TOOMBES, Managing Director

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS

Hotel Lankershim {Continued from page 441 French and Indian wars—fought over

ft 7TH BROADWAY other reason without and exany predictions of the here era about the made 13.50 12.50 J3.M in countries that mother our cuse than Bargaining- "No Gentiles years before thousand two

Worry"No fighting for something Europe were discovered. America was LOS ANGELES

Frank Wishon, Operator You Youth of the Church! With purely European and wholly foreign these Godgiven promises and prophto America—out of these came later

Jefferthe of Washington wisdom and ecies before you, yourselves not let do 331 33Z 2T in mixing son no business had that we this into of fear panic be stampeded as vital European that affairs—wisdom the country, over is now sweeping

they first uttered day as when it. Wetodeliberately those propagated by who

out, from, separated brought beenI had into to get the preus any on war When the build to mighty na- a World, Old fear that enter not do if we wishtext—this tion, to of liberty; had a land come we u this forface subjugation a war by we

eign foe. If subjugation shall come, a land consecrated to this purpose; how

it will come because we have reached vain for us to join with those against a "fulness of iniquity,"and not because whom we are to be fortified, with those i we fail to take on the horrors of this who shall perish if they fight against us.

war. It is righteousness, not the hates IVilitarily trained in the Colonial Home Burns of human slaughter, of which this nation *"* wars, we fought and won, with the

There's a certain amount of stands now in need. aid of France, our War of Independcomfort to know that should A thousand years after the Nephites ence. Thus we of the United States

fire destroy your home tonight were destroyed, Columbus came, and were, as Nephi foretold and saw in visthat you are covered by Fire the existence of America became known ion, "delivered by the power of God out

Insurance. among the nations. For a hundred of the hands of all other nations."(

thereafter years the Lamanites, who 13:19.) had Nephi will indemnify insurance Such plane never from the climbed upward This prophecy was to have a comfor incurred the loss and you

allow you to rebuild your where the destruction of the Nephites pleter fulfilment later, but God was home without financial hardand the horrors of that conflict had moving us towards our ordained desship. left them, were plagued by the Spanish tiny, towards unnumbered blessings.

conquistadors, did "afflict the seed who Revolution, guided the end of the At It's to deal worth a good visions have of 10:18). Lehi"( 2 Nephi The the principle of which he had no by this in times. protection these

of Lehi, Nephi, and prophecies and of conscious speak JaSee our agent in your town. knowledge—I

in the sevwere fulfilled. Then Jacob "there shall kings cob's prophecy, be no enteenth century came the English, the upon this land"(2 Nephi 10:11)—UTAH HOME FIRE French, and others, and the actual setWashington declined a crown that

INSURANCE CO. gan.tlementSoonof Americacommencedby thethe Gentilesactual scatbe- out,mightthushavesettingbeenthehisGodordainedfor the reachingpreHEBER J. GRANT & CO. tering of the Lamanites which those cedent that there should be no kings

General Agents same ancient prophets saw and predicthere.

22 South Main Street j ed, a scattering which may not yet be God had pushed us forward another

Salt Lake City, Utah fully finished. (I Nephi 15:17.) step in our destiny. Another blessing

These Gentile settlers, many of whom had come to us.

came to the New World either to esFrom then till now kings and emcape religious persecution in the Old or perors have not prospered on this land.

to have liberty of conscience and freeThen came a period of nearchaos of Purworship.. dom that the Confederation, under a period in the New—the

in in itans the Quakers New England, WECOMPLETEOffER period A was the most critical until now in the Catholics SERVICE Pennsylvania, ENGRAVING Maryin

Portraits to the Largest From Missionary in Virginia land, the Huguenots Catalogues Weour nationalhad wonlife.our freedom but we

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention and the Carolines, the Lutherans were near to losing it. The ConstiUTAH ENGRAVING CO. in Georgia and other colonies tutional Convention met and out of it J 13 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah—these Gentile settlers and their assocame our Godinspired Constitution

ciates began to prosper in this "chosen "the most wonderful work,"said Gladland of the Lord"; the land became instone, "ever struck off at a given time

deed to them a "consecrated"land. by the brain and purpose of man."

They prospered financially, they grew The Lord Himself has declared as to religiously, but they went farthest and this great document of human liberty, fastest in the development of their "I established the Constitution of this political doctrines. As if driven forland by the hands of wise men whom

ward by an unseen Power, they planned I raised up unto this very purpose,"and and worked towards making this just He added, referring to the war it cost

PRODUCERS what Jacob of old had said it was to be, to gain us our liberties: "and redeemed

"a land of liberty unto the Gentiles."the land by the shedding of blood."

SALES AGENTS (2 Nephi 10:11.) (D. and C. 101:80.)

God Himself was moving the minds The Lord declared the purpose of and souls of those whom Lehi said this Constitution when He said that it of countries other "led be out would rights for the "should be maintained 1 W of the the (2 Lord"hand by (D. of all flesh."protection and Nephi and

UNION STOCK YARDS 1:6), moving them towards unmeas- C. 101:77.)

ured blessings. Thus we had set up, under the guidLos Anqeles Stockton

I shall not attempt to trace the hisance of God Himself, a government that

So. San Francisco tory of Colonial America; every oi made of this land the kind of land Lehi

our youth and maidens knows that and Jacob had foreseen and prophesied Out of our embroilment in the Colonial—"a land of liberty."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

ciety of freemen. by They are flouted

under the not established PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS governments

Again the Lord had moved us foramendments to find its rights, for it Lord's plan.

ward towards our destiny. He had has none other. This system puts the Under His plan we rely, as we rely

bestowed upon us another blessing. great bulk of our daily life activities on the coming of day, upon the seWhat was this plan of the Lord in the hands of our own neighbors who curity that comes from the principle

which had been established by the know us and our surroundings, and that government shall not "deprive any hands of wise men whom He had raised not in the hands of a bureaucrat in a person of life, liberty, or property, up for this very purpose? May I tell far away national capitol, who, to all without due process of law; nor deny

you a few of the elemental principles. intents and purposes, is an alien to us to any person within its jurisdiction the

It gave us, for perhaps the first time in and our affairs. This plan gives us equal protection of the laws."Yet

all history, a republic with the three the largest possible measure of local none of these things is sacred in other at countries. to bed There, go men will deself-government. divisionsbasic Liberty never of government—the

fruits of in the secure night seemingly selflegislative, executive, local and judicial part from us while we have mutually and completely independent government controlling and directing long labors and awaken in the morning the one from the other, under which matters pertaining to our personal libshorn of the savings of a lifetime, taken it is not possible for any branch of erties and to the security of our private to enrich some favorite of government;

government legally to set up a system property; it will not abide with us if there, men are ruthlessly cast into

y which that branch can first conwe shall lose this local selfgovern- prison, having committed no offense ceive what it wants to do, then make ment. other than, by some careless word or

the law ordering its doing, and then, The Lord's plan so given us was act, to have offended the sensibilities itself, judge its own enforcement of its founded on the universal truths "that of some petty official. These things

own law, a system that has always all men are created equal, that they are happening where God's system is brought extortion, oppression, intimiare endowed by their Creator with cernot in force.

dation, tyranny, despotism—a system tain inalienable rights, that among these Since under the Lord's plan He must

that every dictator has employed and are life, liberty, and the pursuit of be served by the people under the must employ. happiness."penalty of otherwise being swept off,

Under this plan which the Lord estabThe inspired plan provides that we there must be in the land complete lished, we have a dual jurisdiction might write what we wish and send to freedom of worship, and so the Lord set

State and Federal. The Federal Govour friends, without danger of being up His plan that men might follow and

ernment may do only what we the peojailed; that we might speak our minds worship Him. Under His plan it is not

ple have authorized it to do; if it does unrestrained, free likewise from any possible for some government official

more, it is guilty of usurpation. The such danger; that we might print the to come into our Sunday Schools, or

people have reserved to themselves or truth and our comment thereon, withour Mutuals, or our Relief Societies, or to their State governments every right out let or hindrance, provided in all our Sacrament meetings, and tell us and power they have not delegated to cases we were not libeling or slandering what we may say, or prescribe what we the Federal government, which must our fellow citizens. These rights are may teach. This guarantees to us our

always look to the Constitution and its fundamental to freedom, and to a so- (Continued on page 444)

You'll Enjoy Motoring More—

with 7-STAR SERVICE Here are helpful services we offer whenever you drive in at any Pep 88—Vico station

-X- Windshield cleaned -JL"Headlights cleaned

-JLt Gasoline supplied Lr Radiator checked

J* Rear window and X- Motor oil checked rear lights cleaned

'JLTire and Battery service

New handy Road Map and Travel Hints travel of helpful for MOTORICOOIL 88—Vico folders—lullto motorists at any—freetion. service. Pep 88—VicosuggestionsstaDrivefinest productsin at theandPepbetter

EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO rPEP88GASOLINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

tion, however heavy the toll to this PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS people.

if this Clearly, land, of the people [com ( Continued page self set 443 office up. the runs of oath So

it, all this of of America, land whole of those participate in gift. government. this of precious kind whomost Yet

of Christ, "the serve must Jesus God certain loyalty ofis to thesupervision, control direction, do owe and we A is off, this land,"the or and be swept fice holds, here a but towhich even in countries other exercisedbeing man all gist blessing the of every very and just citizenof owe, rights reason of our by these Godgiven weday where for, utjudgment promised every and ship, himself. loyalty to the no being trampled are underfoot. manmen

this land, against tered then must God it is In other to individual the countries /OD provided that in this land of that allegiance runs. This principle of so provide that men in all the Americas

liberty, our political allegiance allegiance to the Constitution is basic could serve Him. The era of the

shall run not to individuals, that is, to to our freedom. It is one of the great Gentiles must be an era of freedom of

government officials, no matter how principles that distinguishes this "land worship throughout the hemisphere great or how small they may be. Under of liberty"from other countries. else Zion could not be established. This

His plan our allegiance and the only Thus God added to His priceless was God's plan and must be brought allegiance we owe as citizens or deniblessings to us. about.

zens of the United States, runs to our I wish to say with all the earnestness But our Revolution and Constitution inspired Constitution which God Him- I possess that when you youth and had brought their blessings of freedom the liberty the to of people United and of see curtailment these maidens any territorial only. States great bulk The liberties I see have named, you when

still in the of hemisphere bondage; was invading these of government any

still in part to our unprepared take realms of freedom which under have we destiny. Godgiven will that Constitution, our you know

in the the early of decades Then libputting they are shackles on your after last century, before both and is erty, that creeping tyranny and upon Make More

First Smith's Vision, Joseph moved God libcurtails you, matter these no who other peoples, the to one, one upon by erties realms, these or invades and who their assert independence, and and win the matter reason excuse no what and Use of it, as they as fast they one by won be. therefor may

historical acspeaking with am one—I In the of history dealwhole God's

their governmental up new curacy—set ing has urged, with counnever men, He

in the of systems our framework Conseled, nation nor advised or peoany first stitution, instance, in the sometimes ple autocracies, set to tyrannies, up Cheap it practically for copying word. word dictatorships. despotisms, or His

prophet pleaded with ancient Israel not Different juridical traditions have led their to develop governmental them (I king. to has 8.) crown a Samuel He lines ours, diverging along systems from that takes always which condemned Electricity! in their principles great fundabut

is free man's agency. His This away

is replica of mental our a document proposal judge every way. may You the instrument. Godgiven principle. for this government human by

full its in hemisphere—Zion Thusarea—was the visions automatic But Enjoy same which showed

liberty."of land "a becoming this to of the the Gentiles age Nephi on electric cooking...

land, also purpromised God's showed off nations to began throw these As last in ushering of for poses the the hot constant water ** altheir foreign yokes, a European dispensation, for the reestablishment. liance help to hold planned was them light for.. better in last of the His days. Church in their subjection to overEuropean

. sight.. safe better the "the people of could chosen How lords. great our came Then Monroe

of the land serve Jesus, Lord,""the Doctrine of the us which placed United food preservation land,"this of did if they not have God efforts the States squarely of behind... and many othHis statutes with them, and yet if they LatinAmerica to gain freedom and

against those European states who it. thwart er labor - saving didsweptnotoff.serveGod'sHim eternalthey werejusticeto rebe would

helps. quired that Christ's Gospel should be God again moved us forward toknown that men might live it. So after wards the destiny He has planned for

Have more time newour fathersgovernment,had fullyafterestablishedthey had againtheir Heus. hadHe givenwas topreservingus. the blessings

for the things you fought the mother country and made This work for all the Americas (exlike to do. secureand the theirSon appearedindependence,to the theyoungFatherboy incept1867a fewwhensmalltheareas]great wasBritishcompletedNorth

praying in the woods and told him of America Act brought to a united CanBuy from your theto earthworknothe onlywas tothedofulnessin bringingof Christ'sback adaand aalmoststatus completeof practicallocalindependenceautonomy.

Electric Appliance Gospel in its simplicity and purity, but If I have made clear the course of also in restoring to the world God's events to this point, it is apparent that

Dealer. Holy Priesthood. In the due order of in the era of the Gentiles, it has been

the Lord, the Gospel was revealed and the United States that has always been the Priesthood bestowed through the called to carry forward the banner of instrumentality of the young Prophet. human liberty and religious freedom.

thus that Gentiles provided the But there us amongst was here a truth should the have they heinous sin of Utah Power & of Godthis land cleanse which we must were to live. He was moving forward ourselves—I mean human slavery, the

again on His appointed way. He was curse of every people and of every

Light Co. setting up "a land of liberty"not only, civilization that has ever harbored it.

but He was revealing His truth also. God moved the hearts of men to its

He had now given us the greatest extinction. It cost the lives of a million

blessing, and without price to the naof our fathers. But sin and iniquity al444

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

terrible recfull and the the to day of PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS orord,transcribedlooked downthe declared: this land and Gentiles on admit years In aging been. our we martyred penalty. their exact Theways

this you, cometh unto And O confailings, repent our sins; viour we Emancipator, theLincoln, we Great

of decrees the that know ye may yeGod—thatGentiles, with and to fess you, humbly principle and them of the underlyingsioned in continue your repent, not and ye may beseech all possess the his Secin power we justice said we heGod's when that until the fulness come, iniquities ye may

ond Inaugural: you not to repeat our follies, not to not bring down the fulness of the wrath of

transgressions, because our land inhabitants of the the as you upon God do we duplicate do we hope—fervently live the era Gentile under of the hitherto done. have of this we war scourge maypray—thatFondly

that this as fully wills land of Yet, if Goddeclared law passspeedily is God away. this land, whatand a choice Behold,

it continue until all the wealth piled by as did the ancient inhabitants hereof. soever nation shall possess it shall be free

fifty of years hundredthe two bondsman's captivity, from and and from from bondage, the after years thousand Moroni, a until toil shall and if be sunk,unrequited will all heaven, they nations under other the arrival Nephites of a thousand and lash the blood of with is drawn dropevery the the of Jesus but serve land, who God Gentiles, the the era of before years the with anothershall drawn paid the be by manifested hath Christ, been by who fate of full the of a with knowledge years three said thousand assword, was written. 2:11, things (Ether have which we

ago, so still it must be said, "The judgments the Jaredites and the Nephites, for he 12.)

of the Lord are true and righteous altohad either read, witnessed, recorded, {Concluded on page 447) gether."Human slavery passed. All men

within the United States were free. Thus God had almost finished His A NEW NAME IN GASOLINES

fashioning of this land to meet His purposes, to make of this a land of liberty and a place where God may be worshipped without let or hindrance. He

had bestowed upon us all the essentials needed to earn His fullest blessings.

Furthermore, this leaven of local selfgovernment, of division of independSTANDARD'Sent governmental functions, of realms n of freedom and liberty beyond the reach of government, is working in the faroff corners of the earth. The commonwealths of the South Seas, basically framed along the lines set up by our Constitution, are bringing other "SUPREME

lands to enjoy our blessings. Now for supreme performinvite ento you we this is the mission and the desance—And

thrill so fuel of the a joy of thoutiny Zion, decreed of America, Ethyl superior ordinary to far for, I repeat, Isaiah ago, of yearssands gasolines have named we declared: "Out of Zion shall go forth Standard's "Supreme."it

the law, and the word of the Lord from You can expect it to do

Jerusalem."(Isaiah 2:3.) things for your car—make

And this destiny of ours is to come it definitely more responsive, not through bloody conquests of war livelier, smoother! On sale at

and the oppression and enslavement of pumps displaying the new emour fellowbeings, but by conquests of blem—Standard's "Supreme"

peace and the persuasion of righteous example and Christian endeavor.

Thus far God has wrought out His plan. He will carry it through—with

us, if we are faithful, if we work not iniquity, if we repent of our sins; but

if we shall fail Him, as did the Jaredites and the Nephites of old, then He will work it through with some other people.For the divine edict has gone forth, and #8&

God will not be laughed at, nor mocked, nor thwarted.

I appeal to and maidens SUPREMEof the Church,you—youthof the Nation—in these (WITH ETHYL)

great and vital matters of free government "keep thy father's commandment and forsake not the law of thy mother."2,

PRODUCTIONS. DISNEY COPR., 1940WALT blessings the fast to whichHold God

ALL RISHT3 RESERVED for the you. provided is nothas Yours

gain task them, to they are here; yours Use our is the part cherishing them. of

We, your fathers and mothers, have NATIONAL CREDIT CARD brought to you some woes; they have

been largely an incident of our progress GOOD IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD and prosperity which you have fully AND FROM COAST TO COAST shared; they have resulted in most part

from our failure fully to observe God's commandments, fully to live the Gospel

I A plan. Be ye not as weak as we have STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFO R N

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

SOLUTION OF JUNE PUZZLE SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLESigns Prove Sonship "And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence o/ His disciples, which are not written in this book."-—John 20:30.

ngrave ana ACROSS 1 "should not perish,... have ever31 "We speak... we do know"

life"of lasting 34 Europe Kingdom

. see.. walking on the sea""they [Printed 3 "... words spake Jesus"36

8 "And all mine... thine"39 "He that cometh from above...

11 Welcome place like Elim above all"12 This suggests Galilee 40 "We have seen... Lord"

13 "Pilate answered, What I have 42 Exclamation; half of half

... I have..."43 A Benjamite; reversed, a state

"I.. 15 Weddima

"and 16 the. speak... untoran violentlythee am he"down 4745 Drink"is not this the...?"

a steep place into the sea"50 "where he made... water wine"

17 Airplane 51 Native soldiers of India nnouncements 18 "Receive... the Holy Ghost"53 Buries

.. liveth"thy., nor by power, way; by... 56 "Go thy

... spirit"Israel"art "thouA 19 "Notbut by the King my 57

Make your selection 2321 RiverSun godin Europe 58 "Behold, the Lamb of..."

26 City of Palestine; animal Our Text from John is 1, 3, 8, 13,

see ye 28, 18, signs and wonders, 15, 36, 39, 40, 47, 19, 3L from our approved 28 "Except..."not ye will and 58 combined 57, 50, 56,

styles. A variety of DOWN

... to that might""he came Jesus 25 Headland correct papers and

... till I I "If that will come"he Keystone State 27

type designs, at modSmallwholething, part of the great 29 "Sir,die"come down... my child

ire (anag.) of Gad; Son... you"30 erate prices. Compass"If the worldpoint Produced young 32

"the Lord came down on mount 33 Genus of trees; heat (anag.)

35 Volunteer Staff Corps 7 Plural ending 36 Yes (G.)

Call or Write 8 Dish (Scot.); haste (anag.) 37 The Israelites fought this king

ofke 9 "wiltdays?"thou... it up in three 4138 DiggerClay near a coal vein (Eng.)

(anag.) the print the nails"of (Jjeseret I lews 10 County of Michigan; a note 42 "Except I shall see in... hands

sign 13 "Lord, thou unto shewest to whom shall... go"44 "What

[Press... 1415 UnrealPacific island 46 Attar

officer petty Chief.., Thy 47 29 Richards Street 16 "Jesusbrothersaithshall untorise again". Equality, used 48 as a pre.Hr

in time Note..."49 Salt Lake City 1920 Soutber.o"For in himstatewe live, and Ells Scotch 52

22 Hebrew month 54 No good 24 New England state 55 "And when he had... said"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1940

PROPHECIES, PENALTIES, AND BLESSINGS (Concluded from page 445) with the Lord; would He destroy it if

there to us as healing a comes Thus fortyfive righteous, there then were this in fears to our warand dreads balm forty, thirty, then then and "L.D.S. twenty

commotioned world, that great benedicfinally ten, and the Lord said He would tion of the ancient prophet who had read not destroy it if there were ten rightso much and had seen so fully what eous. But ten could not be found. Training

iniquity brought to this land, and what Only Lot and his family—four in all

blessings followed the living of the diwere found worthy of succor and they vine commands. were warned by an angel to flee before Helen Tezak Pays!"

the fiery destruction angel came, an and Salt Lake City last at of Nephi to what T isten old delivered them. (Genesis 18 19.) and 'L'that said of kept Zion American an great the saving This same law of

the laws of God: power of a leavening righteousness was

there all Once fight that the was nations against And declared of Jesus, spoke by when He distress shall her, that a Zion, be as and farmer a didn't who last their the terrors and days and vision; of a night yea, be dream plant crop. a He devastation: them, as even unto unto a which hungry itmanshall

afraid there was eateth dreameth, behold he he and but those except days should be shortAnd awaketh and his soul is empty; or like unto ened, there should no flesh be saved; but might be a drouth

a thirsty man which dreameth, and behold for the elect's sake (Matt. 24:22) whom he... or a frost...

drinketh behold he but he awaketh he and is hath chosen, he hath shortened the days, a hailstorm maybe Beverly Batley faint, his appetite; soul and hath yea, even 13:20.) (Mark

City... grasshoppers Salt Lake all shall the the of multitude nations be so

that fight against Mount Zion. (2 Nephi Thus if we, the youth and the parents... or some new

27:3.) of the Church, shall become fully kind of weevil...

Should you ask, what can the youth righteous, may we not be the ten in this possibly there of the Church do to make this blessing great land to save it? May we not be would be no market

secure, the youth of a handful of peothe elect, chosen of the Lord, to shorten for his produce.

ple amongst a manymillioned multithe days of God's vengeance?

reply:tude, I will of this If the youth this to live that might be, is So clearly Of course, whenChurch and membership if the Church also. responsibility our duty and our

shall serve God and Jesus Christ, who I thank the Lord for this great body autumn came, he is if this shall the land, of they of God workers the with of youth had no crop to the Willard Jensen spirit in fully truth,- inserve I and Him their Church. for valiant thank them Salt Lake City harvest!

I is this to the askand remember you service past. the of overstate I cannot

<$>ised—thereprice demandedis no forrighteousthe blessingachievementpromyourfor thedutiesfuture.and I yourpray responsibilitiesthat God will

which they may not reach. bless you in your labors that you may

Furthermore, if we be fully righteous be able to reach the hearts of the chilThese young men we shall stand before the Lord as did dren of this people and to guide and and women are not

Abraham of old, when he pleaded for direct them in the way which God like that man. They

Sodom and Gomorrah which had been would have them go. have more faith in

doomed for destruction because of their And may God bless this nation of the future... and

wickedness. ours, out keep of the our hearts hate in themselves. A Mildred Lind "Wilt thou also,"said Abraham to ruling that is civilized of so the much ago, afVernal, few months Utah

the the Lord, "destroy righteous with world. liberpreserve our God May ter leaving highthe wicked?"you, asked AbraWould in keep the us ties and land our of inschool or college, if fifty cities the destroyham, righteous heritance, maintain institutions, free our

would be destroyed also? No, said the preserve our Constitution. May we, they invested in

Lord, I will spare the place if there are His chosen people, be instrumental in business training at fifty righteous there. preserving America, which may God the L. D. S. College.

Then Abraham began bargaining bless, I ask in the name of Jesus. Amen. Now they all have

good positions...

They are reaping the harvestl Darrell Burrell TEiEFACT Salt Lake City <S> EDUCATION IN THE U. S.

What about your future? Let us tell

you about opportunities that await you here. Just write

for the "Bulletin of Information."

Ila Webb Lehi, Utah

I.. D. S. Business

OUT OF 4 PERSONS ONE College GOES TO DAY SCHOOL

Salt Lake City. Utah

Science ServicePictoriol Statistics, Inc. \-6

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY THE REAL BOSS let us dear, married, are distinguish is Bridegroom: to it will be wise we "And now that upon us that summer

affairs. wish about our you a clear understanding have Do considerably. considerable and words: Nowbetween the two

Considerable is an adjective and as such modifies a noun or a to be president or vicepresident?"

pronoun; for instance, "A considerable sum of money was Bride (sweetly): "Neither. You be both. I'll just be the

voted for defense purposes."But when one is talking about treasurer."

the weather, he should say, "It has turned considerably BUTTON, BUTTON warmer, hasn't it?"The same word should be used in the Visitor: "What nice buttons you are sewing on your little

winter also: "The weather has moderated considerably."boy's suit! My husband once had some like that on his suit."

<8> Pastor's Wife: "Yes, I get all my buttons from the collection plate."

Dear Brethren: Auckland, New Zealand UNCONSCIOUS ACT

INthetheTreatyrecentof gatheringWaitangi heldin Newto commemorateZealand one hundredthe signingyearsof artisticallyCaller: "Whatsplatterdash!"a cozy breakfast nook—and the wall is so

ago, we Elders and members of the Church were asked to assist Hostess: "Yes. You see, George eats his grapefruit in here."

in taking charge of the shop which was operated there to help PLAIN ARITHMETIC expenses. defray

The gathering itself was mainly for the Maori, and it is In a small village an Irishman was elected assessor. In. this

among them that most of our time here doing our missionary same town lived a man who owned a goat which delighted work is spent. in butting the children in a playful manner. The Irishman

By the Treaty of Waitangi, one hundred years ago, Febturned in a tax of $4 against the goat. The owner of the goat

ruary 6, 1840, the Maori people recognized Queen Victoria could not understand this and demanded Pat's reasons for the as their sovereign, and they in turn were given title to all the assessment. Pat said it was according to instructions given

lands in New Zealand. him which read, "All property abutting on the street shall be

Elders G. P. Langton, G. C. Frederickson. taxed $2 per front foot."

<3> NEW AGE Dear Brethren: The oldfashioned "age of chivalry"seems to have been sucAttached to this memorandum is a copy of a letter from ceeded by the newfangled age of chiselry.

I. the S. California of Supervisor A. Noble, Wendell M. IN BIRD THE HAND—A

Mission. spinsters you would were men. "Which Two letters this in of than kind year more had This have we any desire wealth or appearance?"in a most husband—brains,discussing that Era. with other working Improvement been year I have The one. asked entire feeling the general to throughout seems There be a the the better."the other, sooner snapped "and "Appearance,"

it is is really outstanding, that that the magazine and Church performing a missionary service in itself. SUNDAY GAME

I think this spirit, more than any other one thing, has helped Fiveyear-old Willie had been taught that Sunday is not a us increase our circulation, and I do feel also that the Era is day for play, but was to be set aside for church and rest and doing more to sell itself than it has at any other time. kindred matters. His mother was surprised one Sunday morn-

I only send you an occasional letter, but I do receive letters ing to find him sailing his toy boat in the bath tub.

like this nearly every day. They carry this same fine spirit. "Willie. Don't you know it is wrong to sail boats on

John K. Orton. Sunday?"

Dear Brethren: "Don't get excited, Mama. This isn't a pleasure trip; this is

I this close year, of eventful to Africa."express to to you a missionary boat going wish the AT for that sincere appreciation cooperation the wonderful my BRAIN VS. BRAWN in this the furtherance of given has work. great us been

friends late of Edison a party showing A. was The Thomas this to assist in small able great have been If in any way I

laborhis residence, beautiful equipped with over summer many efforts righteousness, truly of campaign been have my turnstile exception, so devices. however, resaving a was One I this great strong testimony a warded. of cause have gained

it stiff to force considerable that strength passage. required a

... participation. active acthrough This form missionary of

tivity is, I believe, one of the most inspirational and thrilling One by one, his guests pushed through. At length one of

to ventured say: them I have known.

Edison, "Mr. do you have everything so perfect except why I feel certain that through placing this missionary magazine

turnstile?"this awful in in Latterday the of Saints greater Mission, our the homes

his eyes twinkling. replied the host, "Everybody "Ah!"who interest, in cooperation harmony, has and been Church work

into turnstile the eight gallons of water around pushes pumps Its to inspire greater promoted. truer messages heights and

service in this mighty work of the Lord. the tank on my roof."

May the Spirit of the Master ever attend you in your efforts MOTHER GOOSE?

to further this cause, is sincere wish. my class This geese. to write her teacher asked an essay on A brother, Your in eightyear-old miss: turned paper an was by

S. Noble. Wendell is is bird mostly low, heavyset and which a meat "Geese

I. Supervisor, California A. Mission. M. sits sits other. feathers. the he one His end on head and on

$> He ain't got no betweenhis-toes and he's got a balloon in his git sinking. geese from to keep stummick him Some when they

tails f4 J am pleased with the effect the.Era has on families whose is called ganders. don't big has curls and on their Ganders

* fathers are still Aaronic Priesthood members. There are haff to sit and hatch but just eat and loaf and go in swimming.

thirty families in the ward who are taking the Era where one If I was a goose I'd rather be a gander."

the of or the other family are heads not members of the TACT effect pleasing is having Church, very a and it upon them."

is editor certain else but, nothing a had Tact what when he Bishop John W. Willes

the in his following paper: item South Los Angeles Stake. printed Ward, Maywood

is a Batesville belle Smith, of twenty summers, "Miss Hanna

TAKING NO CHANCES visiting her twin brother, age 32."

"Well,"mused the taxi driver who had been handed his DIMINUTIVE SUFFIX exact fare. "I have known some people to give a bit over."Teacher: "Yes, children, an Indian wife is called a squaw.

"Aye,"replied the Aberdonian, "thot was precisely ma Now what do you suppose Indian babies are called?"

reason for asking ye tae stop under a lomp."Bright Pupil: "I know—squawkers."

I 55 T* llliSiallllililillmen

Every loyal son or daughter of the founders of this nati< millions wno have followed them from the four corners of the earth if of liberty, prosperity and the free exercise of conscience have a d< stake in the preservation of this great country and of its establis tutions. Boa blejs America, the last great stronghold of liber

perity in the w<

peace or war, in k prosperity or depression, J Life Insurance has been a

stabilizing force in the lives of millions of American individuals and inIC stitutions.

*\u0<K\ F

INIIBAMeilCOAPAllYJlfAlf Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah