NOTICE TO READER.When you finish reading this magazine,

place a 1-cent stamp on this notice, mail the magazine, and it will be placed in the hands of our soldiers or sailors destined to proceed overseas. No Wrapping—No Address.

A. S. Burleson, Postmaster General.

LEARN TELEGRAPHY The railroads report a serious shortage of telegraphers. We are

placing young women as well as young men in attractive positions as fast as they qualify.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SALT LAKE CITY Day and Evening All the Year

SUCCESS AND HAPPINESS OR

FAILURE AND DISCONTENT

stances where, for the lack of aWhat of Your Boy's Future There are numberless inlittle intelligent steering in the right direction, a young boy has chosen an occupation for which he is unsuited.

Discontent prevented his advancement; his heart and soul were not in his work.

What followed? Failure. There is no need for any boy in this day to make such

a sad mistake. A remarkable book has been written for the express purpose of

helping him choose a life work in which he will be successful.

<fj By CLAUDE RICHARDS, is an authentic and complete treatise on "Vocation-"The Man of Tomorrow'al Guidance."The young boy who is uncertain which path to follow will do well to put his mind at ease by reading this

book without further delay. It tells in pleasing language and in a most interesting manner why certain phases of his disposition adapt him to mercantile pursuits;

why he can become efficient in the line of Art; why Salesmanship should be his

goal; why he will be a wonderful success in Agricultural pursuits. Then after it

has shown which line is his by right of adaptability, it unfolds a myriad of excellent suggestions for the highest development of the chosen vocation.

This book is an absolute necessity in every home. Get it NOW, lest your boy's

uncertainty hang in the balance one day too long. The book is substantially

bound in red vellum; it is printed on good paper, is profusely illustrated and has

296 pages. It costs you only $1.10. $1.00—postpaid

This book should be in every home. Mail your order today to the

Improvement Era Office 2023 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

b.""1 1 "II Illlllllllllllll 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ililllllimilllllll I I ill in inn 1111:1111 llllllll minimi 1

om6

Sons of freedom

Think on the great who once their cohorts led,

The mighty conquerors in lust of fame,

To build whose thrones the countless millions bled,

And gave their lives to gild a mortal's name

Think on the prides that would no warning take

Dark through the ages still the legend runs

Yet time effaced as yonder spaces make

The cradles and the sepulchres of suns.

A few from Sparta barred the Persian's way,

The men of Athens stood at Marathon;

A hope yet lives as at Thermopylae,

The world for Liberty shall yet be won:

Then strike, Sons of Freedom, strike the blow,

Hurl back the Hun and dash the tyrant low!

Alfred Lambourne.

"in urn ilium immiii in mn mn in mi: i mini mm i mm mm llllllll 11 in mini 1 1 1 1 1 1 u i ) 1 1 ) 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II III II I II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I III

Underwood & Undcrtvood, New York

PRESIDENT WILSON ON FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK

Alone, except for the everpresent guard of secret service men, President Woodrow Wilson walked up Fifth Avenue, New York City, responding to the enthusiastic greetings from the crowds as they caught a glimpse of him, while in New York to review the great Red Cross parade and to speak at the rally which formally opened the Red Cross drive in May.

Vol. XXI JULY, 1918 No. 9

A Plucky Pioneer Mother*

By President Joseph F. Smith

This effort is among my first experiences in this class of

Mutual Improvement work. I think I have never before had

the pleasure of being present at any scout exhibition. Most assuredly I have been very much interested in what I have heard

and witnessed here tonight.

years ago, I played Perhaps at one time—not very many

the role of a boy scout. It would doubtless have been surprising to some of you little fellows if, when between nine and ten

years of age, you had been called upon to drive two yoke of oxen, hitched to a heavily loaded wagon, on the west banks of the Missouri river; and then been required to take charge of

an ox team, and drive it more than a thousand miles across the plains! You would scarcely think it possible for any one of

you to attempt a task of that kind. But, in 1848, when I was

about ten years old, I undertook such an obligation from sheer necessity.

The head of our household was a widow, mother of a large family, most of whom were the children of a former wife, deceased.

We had been driven away from our homes in Nauvoo, 111.,

and forced into the wilderness. On the banks of the Missouri

River, we passed two winters. Then, in the spring of 1848, we

took up our march to follow the Pioneers of 1847 across the plains. When we started out from the Missouri River, we had

only about onehalf enough teams to haul our wagons.

We were about to start out into the wilderness! We scarcely

knew where we were going, nor how long it would take us to

*These entertaining incidents were related, some time ago, to a body of M. I. A. Scouts, at the Deseret Gymnasium.

756 IMPROVEMENT ERA

get there. Of course, we must take with us everything we had

in the shape of food, agricultural implements, and all other things we thought necessary for our use on the plains, and when we should reach our destination. The consequence was, our

wagons were all heavily loaded.

I am not going to enter upon a detailed description of our journey across the plains, but I wish to relate just one or two incidents: After leaving Winter Quarters, we coupled two of

our wagons together, and hitched one team on the two wagons.

Then we started out to cross the plains in that way. By uncoupling the wagons at the bottom of each hill, and pulling one

wagon at a time up the hill, then coupling them together again and driving on to the next hill, and so on, we reached the Elk

Horn River. This was the place where the Camp of Israel had

assembled to fit out for the journey.

The widow, my mother, went to the supervisor, the man in charge of the public cattle of the company, and tried to obtain assistance to go on with the company. But after diagnosing

our case, considering the number of wagons we had, and the helplessness of the whole company, he very sternly informed the widow that there was no use for her to attempt to cross the plains that year, and advised her to go back to the river, to

Winter Quarters, and wait another year, when perhaps she could be helped out.

I am happy to say, the widow had a little mettle in her, and she straightened up and informed the gentleman that she would beat him to the Valley, and would ask no help from him, either, and turned away.

Returning to camp, we unloaded the wagon, took the best two yoke of oxen we had, and the widow and her brother started back to the Missouri River. Here they succeeded in borrowing

and hiring enough cattle to suffice for the journey. Then they

returned to the Elk Horn.

Strange to say, the widow and her family were assigned to the company of fifty over which the good captain to whom she had applied for help presided, and we journeyed in that way, having a good many troubles and difficulties on the road that I need not mention.

But we finally struck the east side of East Mountain, on the old Pioneer Trail, over which some of you boys have had some experience.

Our wornout cattle wearily dragged our heavy wagons up the eastern side of the mountain, and when we reached the summit we obtained a glimpse over the tops of the mountains, of the Valley and the Great Salt Lake. It was a most delightful

sight to some of us!

A PLUCKY PIONEER MOTHER 757

At the summit of the mountain, the captain ordered the lead teams to be turned out, loosened from the wagon and driven down the mountains.

The hind wheels of the wagons were all roughlocked with chains, and we dragged the wagons down the mountain with one yoke of oxen. Thus we traveled on down to the foot of

Little Mountain, making our camp there for the night.

Early next morning, the Captain gave notice to the company to arise, hitch up and roll over the mountain into the valley.

To our consternation, when we gathered up our cattle, the essential part of our means of transportation for some reason had strayed away, and were not to be found with the herd.

A brother of mine, who was also a boy scout at that time, then obtained a horse and rode back over the road in search of the lost cattle. The captain ordered the march to begin,

and, regardless of our predicament, the company started out, up the mountain. The morning sun was then shining as brightly

as these electric lights here, without a cloud appearing anywhere!

I had happened to hear the promise of my dear mother that we would beat the captain into the Valley, and wouldn't ask any help from him, either. I sat in the front of the wagon

with the teams we had in hand hitched to the wheels, while my brother was absent hunting the others. I saw the company

wending its slow way up the hill, the animals struggling to pull their heavy loads. The forward teams now had almost reached

the summit of the hill, and I said to myself, "True enough, we have come thus far, and we have been blessed, and not the slightest help from anyone has been asked by us."But the last

promise seemed to be now impossible; the last hope of getting

into the valley before the rest of our company was vanishing, in my opinion!

You have doubtless heard descriptions of the terrific thunder storms that sometimes visit the mountains. The pure, crystal streams a few moments before flow gently down their channels; but after one of these rains, in a few minutes they become

raging torrents, muddy and sometimes bringing down fallen trees and roots and rocks.

All of a sudden, and in less time than I am taking now to tell you, a big, dark, heavy cloud arose up from the northwest, going directly southeast. In a few minutes it burst in such terrific fury that the cattle could not face the storm, and the captain seemed forced to direct the company to unhitch the teams,

turn them loose, and block the wheels to keep the wagons from running back down the hill! The cattle fled before the storm

758 IMPROVEMENT ERA

down into the entrance into Parley's canyon, from the Park, into and through the brush.

Luckily, the storm lasted only a short time. As it ceased

to rain, and the wind ceased to blow, my brother drove up with our lost cattle. We then hitched them to the wagon, and the

question was asked by my uncle of my mother:

"Mary, what shall we do? go on, or wait for the company

to gather up their teams?"

She said: "Joseph [that was her brother's name], they

have not waited for us, and I see no necessity for us to wait for them."So, we hitched up and rolled up the mountain, leaving the company behind, and this was on the 23rd day of September, 1848.

We reached the Old Fort about 10 o'clock that Saturday night. The next morning, in the Old Bowery, we had the privilege of listening to President Brigham Young and President

Kimball, Erastus Snow, and some others,, give some very excellent instructions. Then, on the afternoon of that Sunday, we

went out and met our friends coming in, very dusty, and very footsore, and very tired!

The prediction of the widow was actually fulfilled; we beat

them into the Valley, and we asked no help from them, either!

Why Should I Sing?

My lute is attuned, but why should I sing?

Harken! the ages with great anthems ring:

Wonderful music of minstrelsy old,

Triumphant songs of the mountains and wold,

Of brave cavaliers, of love and of hate,

Songs of achievement of country and state,

Themes great and small, well sung have they been,

In the long ago time by both women and men.

Yet, should I not sing? Must my voice be mute,

When heart tlirobs insistent vibrate with the lute?

Unashamed, I raise my feeble voice, nor longer think of failure.

If noble theme my song may never grace,

Still must I sing, tho'none e'er list or heed the simple strain

Must ever strive to fill my humble place.

For, lo! borne on the fresh'ning breeze of morn, methinks I hear

A message wafted o'er the tideless sea;

"Be not afraid, sing on! sing on! 'Tis I, Thy God, who speaks:

Thy little songs may bring a soul to me."

Grace Ingles Frost Gold Mines and Riches

By Nephi Anderson

Early in the morning I climbed up the hillside above Eureka, perchance to find a gold mine. The air was clear, cool,

and invigorating. The gray hills were tinted with the green

of growing grass, and dotted with the bright red and blue and yellow, odorous wild flowers whose names I do not know, more's the pity or the shame.

However, I was not to be enticed by flowers or landscape.

I was to find and locate a mine. I was not the first prospector

who had been on these hills, for I had been informed that every foot of ground had been crawled over by men in search of "indications."The heaps of earth of various sizes and colors lying

close by gaping holes told where the searchers after wealth had tried to find it by means of pick and shovel, and had failed.

I knew very little about mining, but I was told that Uncle

Knight was not much wiser in his day and time, when he, too, sat on these hills and received his impressions on where to dig.

"Right around the hill toward Knightsville,"said my informant, "Brother Knight started his first tunnel. 'What shall we call

this mine?'he had asked, and the skeptical friend had suggested 'The Humbug.''The Humbug'it shall be,'was the reply, and 'The Humbug'it is."The first shipment from this mine

brought $10,000, which amount was turned to a very good public purpose.

But I found no mine that morning. Perhaps it was because I did not know where to look or what to look for; so I

philosophized instead, which is more pleasant on a warm spring morning than to dig in the dirt. I climbed up on a warm

boulder and looked out over town and the distant sagecovered of dryvalley, checkered with blocks of green—the beginnings

farming.

How strange, I meditated, that eo much time and means and labor should be expended on getting from the mountains certain metals called precious! Deep down lies the gold, mixed

with earth and rock and baser metals, and tucked away between rockbound walls. Why had not the Creator, instead of mixing

things up so, just had all the gold and the silver made into conveniently sized bars of bullion, ready for use?

The question was still with me when, after breakfast, I visited the Tintic High school and spoke to the students a few moments; and the answer came when I saw those young people

760 IMPROVEMENT ERA

poring over their books, "digging"after stores of knowledge.

I realized that the Lord made no mistake when he placed out of easy, immediate reach all things, whether of material or intellectual or spiritual value; but ordained that these things must

be searched for, must be persistently and diligently and intelligently dug for, and sometimes fought for; and I realized also

that in the end the nonmaterial "values"obtained came as much from the process of digging or fighting as from what might be found in the end.

A mile up on the hillside above Eureka is Knightsville, where I found Bishop Fuller. He was the superintendent of

the Knight properties there.

"I want to visit the Beck Tunnel mine,"I explained, "to see if, perchance, I might find that thousand dollars I dropped in it!"This little pleasantry of mine seemed to meet a "fellow feeling"with a good many people; but they all shook their

heads and smiled skeptically. However, the good bishop

rigged me up in old clothes, and down the Beck Tunnel we went. The cage landed us at various and sundry levels, and

we wended our way through dark and devious passages under the mountain. Occasionally we came upon a miner digging

out under a lease contract the small bodies of ore left when the big operations of the company were in full blast years ago. I

learned that many of the old properties are now profitably worked in this way, which, of course, shows how much more diligent a man will be when he is his own boss.

After spending an hour or so under ground, we came to the surface through the Colorado shaft, and looked gratefully at the low range of mountains at our feet, the Goshen valley and Utah lake in the middle distance.

"On a clear day,"said the man in charge, "we can see the "Y"on the hills above Provo."

"Well,"I commented, as I drew in the odorous air and looked out on the prospect, "I wouldn't mind being a miner if

I could work up here on the surface all the time."

Coming back to Knightsville and donning our everyday clothes, Bishop Fuller's automobile took me around to Mammoth and set me down under Bishop Steedman's shade trees.

Later, I went around the hill to Silver City, which is quite a night. Electric lights gleam profusely from the town—by

houses, and especially from Bishop Birch's unique residence.

It is one of the most spacious yet cozy and comfortable of homes. (Bishop Birch has recently been made President

of the new Tintic stake of Zion.)

GOLD MINES AND RICHES 761

The next morning I went up on the hills again, and there

T. met an old friend of mine whom I had not seen for some

time. He was a miner, he said, working for himself under a

lease contract. As he was his own boss, and as we were both

glad to see each other, he lingered for some time with me in the warm sunshine near the shaft, and we told each other our more recent histories. In our younger days we had been confidants, so we talked freely to each other.

"I understand that you are a rich man now,"I said.

"Rich! In what?"

"Why, in gold, of course. How else should a miner be

rich?"My friend looked at me keenly, in a manner he had. "There

might be other ways, even for a miner,"he said; "and now you

call my attention to it, I suppose I am rich."

"Well?"I questioned as he paused; for there was some

hidden meaning in his words, and I wanted the story.

"I might as well tell you about it, seeing that you know so latter with a bit of irony. "You remembermuch anyway"—this

when the big slump came in mining stock, some years ago?"

"I do, to my sorrow."

"Well, I had speculated a little for myself and for others, but I had made no money. One day, a widow, a neighbor to

us in my home town, came to me and said she had ten thousand dollars which she wished to invest in a certain mining stock.

She had heard that the stock was a safe investment, she said.

I also had heard that statement, but more recently I had heard things to the contrary. The fact of the matter was that I had

made a big plunge in that very stock, and if recent rumors proved true, I would be a ruined man. I therefore jumped at

the chance here offered to get out clear. I sold the woman my

stock and took her money.

"I then took the first train out here to Tintic. I came up

here to the mine, looked over the ground, heard the stories flying about, and saw what was coming. What a narrow escape

I have had! thought I. I remained right here and saw the

stock drop day by day until it nearly reached the vanishing point. For a day or two I gloated over my good fortune; but,

somehow, I didn't care to go home to tell about it or to exhibit it. I was afraid I would meet that neighbor who had some beautifully engraved sheets of paper, now worth only a few dollars

at the most. Oftener the picture of this good woman came to

me. As far back as I could remember, we had been neighbors.

As a boy I had always felt free in her home, and many a cookie

I had had from her cake box. She had no children and her

husband had left her wellto-do. I was sure the ten thousand

dollars she had invested was only a part of her money.

762 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"But I couldn't get the woman out of my mind, try as I would; and slowly there came to me the idea that what I had

done was not quite the right thing. 'It was purely a matter of

business,'a subtle something whispered to me, 'why bother more about it?''Yes,'I managed to reply, 'the transaction was

straight enough, but I knew the stock was shaky, and I should have warned her.''She might have gone to someone else.'

'True, but she came to me, more's the luck, or the pity.''But

you have the money, and you need it much more than she does.'

'True again,'I acknowledged, 'but that's not the point at issue.

Legally I can keep the money. It is mine.'But this thought

came to me time and again: 'What effect will the keeping of this

don't mean on my bank account or mymoney have on me—I

worldly affairs, but on me, myself?'

"Well, to make my story short, I went home, and straight to the woman and told her the truth about the stock she had "bought. Then I gave her back her money

"She took it, of course?"I asked.

"Yes; she just thanked me kindly. The simple soul had no

idea I had done anything out of the way or heroic,"said the speaker with a quiet laugh. "But, say, come down to my workings. I want to show you a beautiful prospect."

"Where you have obtained the riches you have been speaking of?"

"Now, don't play the dullard,"he admonished. "My riches

are not of the earth, earthy; but they are right here!"He

struck his chest soundly as he said it.

"My conscience!"I exclaimed. "No,"he corrected. "Mine."

Q Liberty

By Louis L. Allen

The spirit of American liberty was born in the patriotic hearts of those who bore arms at Lexington and Bunker Hill.

Many of these men were not American born, but they were dedicated Americans in the fires of a new republic. These men who

drew the sword in defense of American rights had come here from most of the countries of Europe. They left their native

lands because of the oppression of kings and nobles. In the

great silent forests of our land they found freedom in the air they breathed. They built up strong bodies and pure minds in

the simple surroundings of the early colonies, and when the time came to decide between selfgovernment and government by a foreign power, they stood almost as one man for liberty.

Here, then, could be worked out for the first time in the history of the modern world a pure democracy. A land where

the people could rule themselves and where it was not necessary to take away from anyone what he considers his legitimate rights.

When the day came, the mother country concluded she could pass laws that would be binding on these colonies, without their consent. They raised up in their might and drove her from the

land. This was one of the most important steps toward liberal

government, and the emancipation of mankind from the tyranny of kings and nobles, that ever took place in the history of the human race. It was a great light which was to lead other nations from the oppression of the chosen few and make them freemen in all that the term means.

We should be proud that America has given birth to such conceptions as these; that its object in the world, its only reason

for existence as a government was to lift the common man out of the slough of discouragement and even despair, to set his feet upon solid ground and tell him, "Here is the high road upon which you are as much entitled to walk as any other man."

The American Revolution was the birth of a nation, it was also the creation of a great free republic based upon ideas of liberty of which heretofore men had only vaguely dreamed, but which it was proposed should spread to all mankind.

The singular fascination of American history is that it has

764 IMPROVEMENT ERA

been a process of constant recreation, or making over again, in each generation the thing that was conceived at first.

The world must soon realize that the passion of this country is to be permitted to live her own life according to her own principles. The only thing she profoundly resents or will ever

resent, is having her life and freedom interfered with.

The world must soon realize that the promises of the fathers, and the ambitions of the men who gave up their lives that this country might live, have been vindicated. Well might the

world say, "America promised to hold up the light of liberty and freedom for the guidance of our feet, and behold she has redeemed her promises."

In the course of time this nation was born and dedicated to the cause of human liberty. The Constitution of the United

States is a Godinspired instrument. It has well been said, "It is

not right that man should be in bondage one to another,"and hence the Constitution of the United States should be maintained for the preservation of the rights and the protection of all flesh, "according to just and holy principles, that every man may act in doctrine and principle, pertaining to futurity, according to the moral agency which I [the Lord] have given unto them, that every man may be accountable for his own sins in the day of judgment And for this purpose have I established the Constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose."With that spirit the greatest

land of freedom that has ever blessed this world was established, and stands forth today an example and a star of hope to all the downtrodden peoples of the earth.

Hither have come countless millions. We have welcomed

them to our shores and have extended to them the right hand of fellowship. All that we ask is that they become genuine Americans in the full sense of the word. We do not ask them to forget the things they loved at home, but when an issue arises between America and the land from which they came, we expect

them to respond at once, "America First."

We have taken the ideal form of popular government and applied the policies which have led a continent to the Altar of

Liberty, and glorified the Republic. Let us stand today as Americans have ever stood, for America first, last, and all the time;

and we should echo the words of our great national song, "My

Country 'tis of Thee, Sweet Land of Liberty."Everyone should

pledge himself in this high and ardent hour that in death and earnest loyalty, in patient painstaking and care, he shall watch her interests, advance her fortune, defend her fame, and guard her honor as long as life shall last

Buhl, Idaho Back to the Faith

By Annie D. Palmer

"For this shall be a law unto the inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized;

"And their children shall be baptized for the remission of sins when eight years old, and receive the laying on of hands;

"And they shall also teach their children to pray and to walk uprightly before the Lord."

Alice Moreton read the passage from her Doctrine and Covenants three times. Then she laid the book down and sat thinking and looking wistfully at her husband. The subject had been

much on her mind of late, and she felt that she must talk with him about it.

Presently she said by way of introduction: "This has been

a hard day, Frank, I am so tired."

"Why don't you go to bed, dear?"he asked, "the children

are all asleep, aren't they?"

"Yes,"she answered, "the children are asleep; but Frank, Ihave been thinking—

"Well, what have you been thinking?"

"We used to kneel down together and have prayer before you went away. We never seem to have time for prayer any

more.""It's childish,"he said with a half frown. "If God really

cares for his children and knows their need, why should he want them to be continually asking for things?"

"We should forget him, dear, if we did not need to ask for his gifts. Besides, do we not owe gratitude for all the blessings

of life?""There are better ways of showing gratitude than being constantly on one's knees. To live honestly and honorably is

better.""There is nothing to hinder people from doing both. I

can't understand the change that has come over you, dear. When

you came from your mission, four years ago, you were full of the spirit of prayer; and so sure of the truth of the gospel, that you

would gladly have given your life in its defense. I remember

the first Sunday you were here. I sat with our two little children

and listened to your testimony, and wished in my heart that 766 IMPROVEMENT ERA

both Frances and Joey could understand every word you said.

You told how the Lord had inspired you in teaching the gospel, how the sick had been healed through your administration, how you had been protected from evil designing men, how food and clothing had been provided for your need, and how you had been able to rejoice in every trial, because you knew the truth of God's work. Oh, Frank! it was a living testimony that you

bore that day, and it thrilled me through and through. Have

you forgotten?"

"I think I am wiser now."

"Dare you say that testimony was not true?"

mistaken.""I was probably over zealous—and

"No, dear, you were not mistaken. You and I were happy

in the year that followed your return. We didn't have much

money but our children were well; and we lived our humble life

secure in God's love. We didn't feel in those days, Frank, that

it was useless to ask for our Father's care, or unnecessary to offer thanks for his goodness; and, when baby Afton came to us

well, I can't talk about it yet without crying. Only last week

Dr. Gray pointed her out in a crowd and said: 'There's a sweet

little girl that never would have been born, but for the faith of a couple of women who were there,'and Dr. Gray is not even a

"Mormon.""Nobody doubts that a miracle was wrought that day, Alice fact, I think it would have been it might have been—in—but

the same, even if we had not prayed at all."

"And I am sure that it was the prayer of faith that did it your faith, and mother's, and Emma's."

Frank Moreton resumed his reading, and his wife went sadly to her room, to kneel by her bedside in prayer alone.

To be sure, she had so knelt habitually during the two years her husband had been away at college, but he was at home now and she looked to him to lead in religious as well as in secular affairs. Great tears rolled down her cheeks, while she lifted

her heart in prayer for daily help and guidance.

Alice Moreton had been born and reared a "Mormon."In her

girlhood she had been taught the need of marrying a man of her own faith, and the possibility of any other union was as foreign to her thought as to one of heaven's purest angels. She had

been married to Frank in the temple. He, too, had been full of

faith in the gospel. They had been extremely happy in their

love; and the two children that had come to them in the first

two years had so strengthened the band between them that their every thought seemed bent in happy unison.

Frank's mission had been a source of strength to both of them; and Alice was learning now for the first time, how her

BACK TO THE FAITH 767

husband's college work was tearing out the very stones upon which their tower of faith was built. Frank had ceased to pray.

She remembered now that he had criticized severely a testimony that a good sister had related in fast meeting. She doubted that

he had paid any tithing during the last year. She recalled that

several times the smell of tobacco on his clothing had been suspicious. Her confidence wavered; her heart trobbed with a

heavy pain.

To women less earnest in their religion, less spiritual in their desires, these matters might have been trivial, but Alice had been taught to look upon this life as a preparation for life eternal. She had learned to count earth's family ties as ties

that shall have no end, and the rearing of children in the fear of

God as the greatest thing to be done in all the world. And in

the gradual weakening of her husband's faith, she saw an almost insurmountable barrier to the onward progress of eternity. With

a confidence born of her perfect love, she told herself that she would never cease to pray until he walked firmly again in the way of life.

The husband returned to the medical college when the summer vacation was over, and in the year that followed drifted rapidly down the stream of skepticism and unbelief.

Toward the latter end of the third year's work, Mr. Moreton

was called home on account of the very serious illness of little

Afton. The child seemed scarcely alive when he reached home,

and for three days lay so near to death that it wanted but the whisper of the heavenly angel to summon her away. The

mother's heart was lifted in constant prayer for her recovery.

The father looked calmly on and joined his newly acquired skill with the skill of the old physician who had attended the family for years.

At last the crisis was past. Speedily the little one came

back to health. Again the home took on its normal cheer.

Frank had lost two weeks, but in the joy of seeing Afton well, he felt able to make it all up.

"I really understood the case better than did Dr. Oldham,"

he said to his wife on the evening before his departure. "The

science of medicine is advancing so fast, it almost takes one's breath away to keep up with it."

"God was so good,"Alice answered, as she stroked his head softly, "to let us keep our darling."After a pause she asked,

"Don't you see that it was God who healed her?"

first "I don't just see the relation between God and that dose of medicine we gave her. It was so out of the ordinary—so

different from the usual treatment."

"It was an inspiration! Oh, Frank! can't you understand

768 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that we are only the means of carrying out Heaven's will? The

fact that the dose was unusual is additional proof to me, that our Father heard our prayers and prompted the treatment."

"You mean that he heard your prayers,"the man answered in his arrogance.

"Heard our prayers,"repeated his wife, "mine and the children's."

"Alice, I am sorry to have to hurt your feelings,"Mr. Moreton began deliberately, "but, I don't want you to teach that

stuff to the children. I want my children to grow up with

their minds free and unbiased in matters of religion. They

can decide those things when they have judgment to weigh them properly."

"And I want my children to grow up,"she answered firmly, "with a faith so strong, that no trial and no temptation, and no learning can shake it! Tell me, Frank, what have you

gained in throwing away the faith of your father? Are you

a better citizen, since you are not religious? Are you a kinder

husband and father, since you doubt God? Is your life cleaner,

more useful, more hopeful, since you cast Divinity aside? Has

happiness increased, or any gift been added to replace the joy your faith afforded? Answer me truly"

"I am wiser, Alice, I know better."

"I do not want your wisdom! A wisdom that takes faith out

of my heart, that puts God out of my life, and gives menothing in return—

"Would you have the world ignorant?"

"No, far from it! But I would have men and women enter

the fields of higher learning with the view of finding out God's mysteries, rather than with the desire to disprove Him. A few

weeks ago I spent a day in the temple. In the morning service

President Lund bore testimony that he knows that God lives and hears us when we pray. This thought came to me: 'President Lund's education is so vastly superior to any of our

ordinary college men—and yet he knows God! How the

thought burned itself into my heart! And when a young elder

sang, 'I know that my Redeemer Lives,'it seemed to me that a host of angels bore witness to the truth of my conviction! Frank,

if you value my happiness, do not try to weaken my faith, nor to prevent me from teaching it to our children!"

"Oh, well,"he answered carelessly, "as you will. I suppose

it won't really hurt the youngsters much, though it's a terrible waste of time."

For five years Moreton had been practicing medicine in his own home town. His practice had been wonderfully sueBACK TO THE FAITH 769

cessful in more ways than one. He had been able to pay his

debts, to build a commodious home, to dress well, to ride in a splendid car, and to lay by a snug little sum for a rainy day.

He had built up a good business for his future and an enviable professional reputation. As men count success, there was little

else to be desired. But his wife was growing prematurely old.

She was never happy now as in early days; the nearest approach

to it was when she and the children sang hymns and folk songs, and told each other's experiences, after the lamps were lighted.

She was fully appreciative of the blessings of life, their beautiful home, their bright romping children, her good health, and all the good they were able to do. But, persistently would

come to her Christ's question to the disciples: "For what is a man

profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own eoul?"And now a thing occurred which came very near losing to

Dr. Moreton the joy of the whole world, too. He had stopped

where the metal front of a building was being erected. In an

unlucky moment he drew close to a man who was hammering the metal very hard. A chip of steel hit his eye cutting through

the corner and lodging far back in the retina. Dr. Moreton

went to his office and immediately gave it the best attention within his power. There was no other doctor in the town, and

no eye specialist within two hundred miles. His mirror showed

him only the ugly threecornered cut, so.he supposed the

steel that had hit him had fallen away. He washed the eye

carefully and put on a bandage.

The next day he made another examination. The wound

seemed to be healing nicely, but the pain was not lessened. For

two days more he paced up and down his office floor, little heeding whether it was in darkness or in light. His wife was

unable to comfort him. The children cried and went away

except Afton. She would stay by him hours at a time and hold

his hand and walk the floor with him. She scarcely ever spoke

except to ask:

"May I bring you a drink, papa? or a piece of cake? or an

onorange: Once she said timidly, "We have prayed for you, papa, we alwavs pray for you."

"Yes, dear,"he answered, "I know."

On the third day Alice noticed that he frequently put his hand over the other eye; and when she asked him he admitted

that it, too, was paining him very much. In the afternoon he

arranged the bandage to cover them both.

And now Afton led him to and fro in the room and sat and caressed him when he tired of walking, and his heart sank with 770 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the helplessness that he felt was coming, and he moaned despairingly, and could not find comfort.

Alice's grief was quite as terrible as his own. She realized

that his soul had in great measure shut out the light of heaven, and it seemed now that the sunshine of earth was also to be denied him. She prayed, how earnestly, how constantly, she

prayed, that the mercy of God would spare them the awful calamity! "If the foreign body that entered the eye had been removed the wound would heal, and the pain ought to cease,"reasoned Dr. Moreton to himself. "The foreign body must

therefore still be in the eye. The workman was hammering

steel, so the chip that did the mischief is probably steel. If

that is true a strong magnet will remove it."

He called a careful business man to take him to see the eye specialist. On the way he talked to the business man about the

it seemedterrible dread that was on his mind—described how

to face the world henceforth, forever, in the dark—how he had

perhaps looked at his wife and children for the last time—how

his little daughter had led, and how she would continue to lead, him.

The eye specialist made the examination, and was puzzled.

Then Dr. Moreton advanced his theory. The magnet was

brought. When it came into close proximity with the scar in

the eyeball, there was a thump against the outer surface as if the eye had been struck from within, and the eye ball bulged perceptibly. The half healed opening was too small to

allow the chip to pass. With a most delicate instrument the

cut was enlarged and the magnet again applied. This time it

came through the opening and adhered to the magnet. It was

an achievement to the profession. The eye recovered speedily,

and the other one which had been suffering only out of sympathy, was now perfectly normal. Dr. Moreton said rather

boastfully that the experiment was well worth the suffering.

Alice humbly gave thanks to God and acknowledged it as an inspiration.

It is most difficult to understand why some spirits so stubbornly resist the beneficent influences that heaven sheds around them. It was so with Dr. Moreton. Having once denied

the testimony of the truth, it was very hard for him to put away his pride and accept a power that was greater than his ambition.

But there came a time when the petitions of his faithful wife could no longer be denied of heaven, a time when his haughtiness must be broken that her prayers might prevail, and because he had eo fortified himself against the teachings of his

BACK TO THE FAITH 771

childhood, the chastening hand must needs be laid heavily upon him in order to make him understand.

The older children had gone to a school party. Dr. Moreton and his wife and sister were at the theatre. Afton was at

home with the sister's two little children. Suddenly it occurred

to the young girl that they could have popcorn, so she set about making a fire. In order to hurry the blaze she took the coal

oil can and poured oil on the smouldering coals. In an instant

the can was aflame. She held on to it and carried it outside,

but threw it down near the corner of the frame kitchen. It took but

a moment to start a blaze that spread rapidly through the house. Meanwhile the child with wonderful presence of mind,

had extinguished the fire in her clothing by rolling herself in a rug on the floor. While there in agonizing pain the house began to fill with smoke, and great flames shot through the kitchen

door. Realizing the terrible truth she managed to get the two

little ones out and at a safe distance. Then she swooned and

knew no more until she heard the pleading tones of her mother praying that Father in Heaven would spare her life. They had

carried her to a little tworoomed cot across the street, where an old woman lived with her cat and chickens. There they

had stripped off the burned clothing and dressed the awful burns that covered her chest, neck, and right arm. For hours

they had sat watching for a return of consciousness, while the flames licked up the remains of their beautiful home and left a heap of smoking embers.

When Afton opened her eyes the father turned away his tear wet face and sobbed aloud for joy. But days lengthened

into weeks and into months and still the little girl lay upon the pillows. The burns healed slowly, proud flesh grew in the

wounds, the forces of nature seemed too much exhausted to effect repairs. And now the father noted with alarm that there

was heart leakage to add to the other difficulties. He could not

tell his wife of this discovery, he could not bear to think of it utterly hopeless. In his griefhimself. It was so sickening—so

it seemed to him that no other such child had ever lived as nothing else onthis child that was being taken from him—that

earth could ever be worth striving for when her innocence and love were gone.

As he sat with lowered head thinking it over, the frail hand of the child was laid on his and the feeble voice faltered:

"You can't make me well, can you papa?"

"I shall try, darling, but—"

"But you can't, papa, I know you can't. You have tried

ever so long and I am not better."

772 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Not much better, sweetheart! What do you want papa

to do?""Papa, dear, couldn't you ask God? Mama has asked Him,

the whole family shouldand so have Joey and Frances—but—ifask—I mean kneel down together—here by my bed—

"Yes, yes, child. What then?"

"Then the Heavenly Father would know for sure that you all want me!"

There was a long sigh from the child, and she turned her face away. The man sat for a while motionless, pride struggling

against humility, blind reason seeking to overthrow the kindled spark of faith. At last he arose and went to the bed chamber.

He sat there for an hour his doubt and intense desire struggling for supremacy. The weak moaning of his child now came again

to his ears and in agony he threw himself upon his knees and in tears and sobbing began to call upon God. Faith had conquered.

His prayer was sincere and earnest. And when he arose and

sought his wife it was with new hope and a tranquil peace.

"Alice,"he said, 'there is no hope for Afton, but in the power of God. She has asked that we all kneel by her bedside

and pray. Will you call the children?"

The wife gave no outwa 'i{ sign of surprise or joy, but her heart was happier at that momtnt than it had been before since

Afton was born.

"Amen,"the little sufferer repeated as they all arose after the prayer was said, and a moment later she was sleeping peacefully.

In a few days the child was sitting propped up with pillows.

The burns were healing nicely and there was no sign of the heart trouble.

"The Heavenly Father is the best doctor, isn't he, papa?"

she said, patting her father's hand.

"Yes, darling. He is a wonderful doctor. He has cured

your heart, and made mamma's happy, and given your hard old daddy a new one."

"He can do everything with hearts, can't he?"the child

said, smiling.

And Dr. Moreton realizing the awful struggle his change of

heart had cost, answered:

"Yes, child, everything."

Then he took down the big Bible and together they read the story of the little daughter of Jairus.

"Let us pray,"he said to his wife when they were preparing to retire that night. "I see my error and I confess it. 'The fool

hath said in his heart, There is no God'."

Provo, Utah The Return of the Jews To Regain Palestine and Rebuild Their Cities and Temple is the

Dream of the Chosen People—Consolation in

Ancient Prophetic Promises

By E. H. Lund

"Behold, I will gather them out of all countries, whither I have driven them in mine anger, and in my fury, and in great wrath; and I will bring

them again unto this place, and I will cause them to dwell safely: and they

shall be my people, and I will be their God."—Jer. 32:37.

The scriptures foretell that in the latter days the descendants of ancient Israel, the Jews, shall be gathered again in the land of their fathers, there to reestablish their abode, rebuild their temples, and again be a prosperous people under the hand of the Lord. Though they have since been so sorely stricken and

hounded about, the Hebrew race was at one time a stable, concrete and wellgoverned nation. But they became perverse and

disobedient to the commands of God, and he withdrew his Spirit from them, till finally they were wholly bereft of prophets and seers to guide them, and they were left to their own uninspired devisings and contrivings. And so they had fallen under the condemnation and chastisement of the Lord, in that he permitted

their successive bondages, buffetings and persecutions at the hand of their enemies, finally to be driven and scattered, a homeless people, among the nations of the earth. Their lands

and properties confiscated, themselves banished from their own country, the latter has remained in the possession of an alien people until the present time.

Ancient Israel was the "chosen people"of the Lord.

Through their appointed leaders and prophets he made known his will, and as long as they gave heed to counsel and rendered obedience to the heavenly commandments prosperity and happiness attended them and all went well. But, as a people, they

were a weakspirited, fickle race, ofttimes stiffnecked and stubborn, requiring to be governed by a firm, iron hand.

Such were the traits and characteristics of the Hebrew race, whose national disruption and wide dispersion to all parts of the earth and the certainty of their eventual regathering in the land of their heritage was the burden of concernment of most of the prophecies of the Old Testament. The literal fulfilment of Jeremiah's prediction respecting Judah's entire desolation, of the

774 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I "scattering"of Israel and their thorough "sifting"among the various nations, need not be here discussed at length. Suffice to

say that history establishes the fact of their final destruction as a nation by the Romans, who sold "the remnant"—perhaps 97,000

slavery in the cities of the empire. This occurredall told—into

some 600 years after the term of their Babylonish captivity (2

Kings 24 and 25) was completed. From this time on they weretaken wherever their masters pleased—"dispersed over all the

habitable earth,"says Josephus. In fulfilment of the word of the

Lord in Deuteronomy (28:64), they have indeed been "scattered

from one end of the earth even unto the other,"and have "become a proverb and a byword among all nations."

In any age whenever the Lord had a people on earth, established in the faith, and yielding humble obedience to his laws and statutes, the privileges and blessings peculiar to the possession of the Holy Priesthood and the fulness of the gospel of

Christ were enjoyed by the Saints. There is no warrant, in or

out of scripture, for the assumption that the children of Israel was an exception to the rule. While there is scant reference in

the Jewish scriptures relative to this question, the supposition is reasonable, and we feel convinced of the fact, that the gospel principles in their fulness were preached and taught to ancient

Israel and, perhaps for a time, at least, were in active operation among them in the early history of their national existence. The

few references that might be cited tend strongly to sustain and confirm this view. However, as stated, their disaffection and deviation from the commands of the Lord brought upon them

the Divine wrath and displeasure.

Under the leadership of Moses, it became apparent that the people could not "abide the higher law."In the revelations of

God we are informed that "Moses plainly taught the children of Israel in the wilderness, and sought diligently to sanctify his people that they might behold the face of God; but they hardened their hearts. * * * Therefore he took Moses out of

their midst, and the Holy Priesthood also"(D. and C. 84:2325).

It is mentioned by Paul, in his epistle to the Hebrews (4:2), that

the gospel had been preached to Israel by Moses. But the "word

preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith;"

hence, when camped about Mt. Horeb, they could not endure

the presence of the Lord, and besought Moses that they might not hear the voice of the Lord nor see his glory, lest they should die. For their instability and want of abiding faith, the higher

law was withdrawn from ancient Israel, while the lesser Priesthood remained and the law of carnal commandments was given them (D. and C. 84:2327).

The degrading unrighteousness and hypocrisy of Israel, as recorded in the history of their backslidings and disaffection, cul-

THE RETURN OF THE JEWS 775

minated, in the meridian of time, in that most stupendous of national errors, their rejection of the Messiah, and finally, sealing upon their heads the condemnation of an outraged God, in the iniquity of their souls, capped the climax by crucifying their

Lord, the Redeemer of the world

In all history we find no extenuating or mitigating circumstance for the egregious act. But from a psychological point of

view, it appears that the Jews were the only nation under heaven possessing the peculiar characteristics and necessary mental qualities which placed them preeminently before all other peoples as being specially "fitted"for, or capable of lending themselves to, the accomplishment of that part of the program in the great foreordained plan of salvation which was to be the central fact of paramount importance in all history, past, present and future, the pivotal point on which was to hang the eternal destiny of crucifixion, death and resurrection of Christ. man—the

The mental calibre of the Hebrew has ever been a problem with psychologists. While we may not delve too deeply into the preexistent reasons for things, it is within the bounds of possibility

that by a process of elimination and selection there were chosen,

just such a "mission"as the Jews inout—"mentallyof the hostsqualified"—forof heaven, the very spirits that were best adapted

mortality were so ready to accept and carry out.

As a nation, they were a people of uncertain moods and contradictory impulses, easily led and susceptible of varied influences, at times indecisive and vacilating, and again stubborn and wilful, for such is the reading of their character as revealed in the history of their past. Without the guiding mind, a Moses or

a Joshua to lead them, they were "as sheep without a shepherd."

And the Lord knew the hearts of his "chosen"people in their mortal sphere, understood perfectly their nature, character and disposition, just as he had known the character of their individual spirits before they were tabernacled in the flesh; knew what

their future fleshly tendencies would be; knew their temperament, and that as a class their peculiar mentality demanded that

specially qualified individuals be sent among them to be their teachers and prophets. Therefore, an Allwise Providence made

yet other selection of choice spirits from among the hosts of heaven, who were sent at stated times from the very first to instruct, direct and guide the people of the Lord in all ages.

Wise men, teachers and prophets, inspired of God to fill certain missions in the earth, were without doubt foreordained to their special calling. A number of scriptural passages bearing on the

point, and confirming this view, might also be here cited. The

Prophet Jeremiah was such a chosen spirit, whose intellectual qualifications fitted him, both as to time and place, for the accomplishment of the work of his ministry in mortality. We ask

776 l\IN>\ I Ml. VI BR \

the reader to note particularly tinwording in the two quotations that follow. This from Jer. I: I. 5:

I "Then the word of tinLord came unto me, saying. Before

formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou earnest

I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a forth <>i't of the womb i Compare Isaiah 49:1,5; the case of prophet unto the nation.-""

John the Baptist, l.uke 1:1317; of Paul, Acts 9:15; Eph. 1:4).

Another passage is from the revelation of God to Abraham:

"Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that wire organized before the world was; and among all these

were many of the noble and great ones; and God saw these souls

that the\ were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he -aid. These I will make my rulers; for he stood among those

that were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he

-aid unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen

before thou wast born"(Book of Abraham, 3:22,23. Compare

1 Nephi 12:7, 8; P. of G. P., Book of Moses 4:2; Matt. 1:20,21).

The language in the above quotations is very clear and needs no comment. Thus are we given to know how the house of

l-rael. from time to time, witnessed the advent in their midst of

nu n of God, inspired to lead, teach and direct, or to reprove, preserving universal respect for law and order, good government and equity among the Jews. We believe the same principle is

operative today as it was anciently and in all ages; that God

sends to every nation and people certain of his most noble and most intellectual sons and daughters to be guides and teachers in the earth.

But especially were the chosen people like unto children, ever requiring stern leadership and supervision, for they wore marvelously inconstant and rebellious. During the long cycles

of time the Lord had been extremely patient with their wavering and almost incorrigible spirits, forgiving them of their malpractices and their illtreatment and rejection of many of the prophets whom he had sent among them, till finally the accumulation of iniquities and their persistent disobedience to his commandments brought upon them the inevitable displeasure of

God, and he withdrew his Spirit from them; so that at about

the beginning of the fourth century before the birth of Christ there came a cessation of prophets and seers in Israel. We can

find no indication that there were any further direct dealings of the Lord with his people or any people after the time of Malachi, the "last of the prophets,"who is supposed to have written his prophecy between the years 400 and 420 B. C.; hence, it

appears that the delegated viceregency of God among the Jews ended with the passing of Malachi.

Down through the centuries unto the meridian of time, by their own perverseness, the Jewish nation had become well

THE RETURN OF THE JEWS 777

schooled and prepared to perform their destined part. Their purblind souls prevented them from recognizing in the lowly Nazarene the mighty Jehovah of their fathers. Such are the facts,

and, bearing in mind the "preeminent fitness"mentioned in the foregoing, we will now cite the reader to a remarkable statement by another of the Lord's servants who lived on the American continent several centuries before the Savior's birth. The

quotation is from Jacob, an ancient Nephite prophet—himself

a Jew—whose words are recorded in the Book of Mormon. By

the inspiration of the Holy Grost, this man of God also understood the spirit, the heart and mind tendencies that would actuate the people of his own race as touching the Son of God when he should appear among them in the flesh. Nearly six hundred

years before this event the Prophet Jacob, addressing the Nephites, said:

"Wherefore, as I said unto you, it must needs be expedient that Christ (for in the last night the angel spake unto me that this should be his name) should come among the Jews, among those who are the more wicked part of the world; and they

shall crucify him: For thus it behooveth our God; and there is

none other nation on earth that would crucify their God. For

should the mighty miracles be wrought among other nations, they would repent, and know that he be their God; but because

of priestcrafts and iniquities, they at Jerusalem will stiffen their necks against him, that he be crucified"(2 Nephi 10:3, 5).

We recall the circumstances attending the haling of Christ before Pilate. The vehemently voiced accusations of the chief priests

and scribes, mid the cries of the rabble, ail thirsting for the blood of Jesus, convinced Pilate of the folly of further withstanding the clamorous demand of the populace. Against his own better

judgment (for he had "found in him no fault at all"), perhaps partly actuated by a superstitious fear because of his wife's dream, he gave way to their desire. He called for water and

washed his hands before the multitude, an act symbolizing nonresponsibility, the while proclaiming: "I am innocent of the

blood of this just person: see ye to it. Then answered all the

people and said, His blood be on us and on our children"(Matt.

27:24,25). Words of dread portent; and little did the Jews

sense the awfulness of the situation, much less foresee that future history would bear lurid testimony to the gruesome fulfilment of that fateful invocation!

Thus Edersheim (Vol. 2, p. 578), in forceful and incisive

language, comments on the above acknowledgment of responsibility for the death of Christ:

"The Mishna tells us that, after the solemn washing of hands of the elders and their disclaimer of guilt, priests responded with 778 IMPROVEMENT ERA this prayer: 'Forgive it to thy people Israel, whom thou hast

redeemed, O Lord, and lay not innocent blood upon thy people

Israel.'But here, in answer to Pilate's words, came back that

help us!deep, hoarse cry: 'His blood be upon us, and'—God

'on our children.'Some thirty years later, and on that very

spot, was judgment pronounced against some of the best in Jerusalem; and among the 3,600 victims of the governor's fury, of

whom not a few were scourged and crucified right over against the Pretorium, were many of the noblest of the citizens of Jerusalem (Josephus, Wars, xiv, chap. 8:9). A few years more, and

hundreds of crosses bore Jewish mangled bodies within sight of

Jerusalem. And still have these wanderers seemed to bear, from

century to century, and from land to land, that burden of blood;

and still does it seem to weigh 'on us and on our children'."

And yet we read of the sublime condescension of God.

Even while undergoing extreme physical and mental agony on the cross, the dear Lord bore in his heart naught but good will and charity toward his evilminded murderers. None but a very

God could possess qualities such as dictated the words of Jesus, as he prayed the Father to "forgive them, for they know not what they do."This was the same Holy Being who spake by

the mouth of Jeremiah the prophet to the future generations of the house of Israel, the descendants of Jacob, saying: "Return, thou backsliding Israel, saith the Lord, and I will not

cause mine anger to fall upon you: for I am merciful, saith the

Lord, and I will not keep anger forever. Only acknowledge

thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the Lord thy

God"(Jer. 3:1213). What surpassing, what infinite love! His

bowels are filled with mercy and compassion for his erring people.

It was because of their persistent disregard of the heavenly commands that the word of the Lord to Moses came to be fulfilled, saying: "The Lord shall scatter you among the nations,

and ye shall be left few in number among the heathen, whither the Lord shall lead you"(Deut. 4:27). While in Amos 9:8, 9,

we read that "I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob, saith the Lord; for, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of

Israel among all nations, like as corn is sifted in a sieve."They

were not to go altogether unpunished, but neither were the enemies of Israel to be permitted to utterly destroy the house of

Jacob, for as a remnant they should still be found among the nations of the earth, though "few"in number. And surely the

Lord has "drawn out a sword after them; and their land has

become desolate and their cities waste"(Lev. 26:33; see also

Deut. 28:64 and Neh. 1:8, 9). Great afflictions came upon them,

in captivities, drivings and all manner of persecutions; and so

THE RETURN OF THE JEWS 779

was Israel verily "rooted out of the land given to their fathers"(I Kings 14:15; see also Deut. 29:25,28).

All these recorded evils have come upon Israel largely in the way of disciplinary punishments, and form a sad commentary on the constitutional infirmity of the Hebrew race as a whole. (To be concluded in the August number)

Lucy Mack Smith

(Born July 8, 1776.)

The bearer of an honored name,

The sharer of dear Joseph's fame,

Oh, fondly, freely may we love her,

Our gifted, true, boy prophet's mother.

There shines upon her mother face

A calm and sweetly earnest grace,

Heroic as her whole life's story

Of toil and pain, yet more of glory.

Oh, sweeter than the lovely rose,

When springtime's southern zephyr blows,

Her cherished sympathy attended

Her sons with heaven's blessings blended.

Celestial truths enriched her mind,

So fair, so constant, and refined,

Effulgent joy—ah who can measure

The peace crown of this holy treasure!

Weep tears of pity on her pain

With Joseph dear and Hyrum slain

Yet this her soullight doth not smother,

She trusted still,-—their sainted mother.

With soul erect as one who knows,

Serene her earth life found its close,

We sing her praise, for oh, we love her,

With growing love, our Prophet's Mother.

Minnie Iverson Hodapp Huntington, Utah The Makers of Science

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe, President of the University of Utah

VIII—Joseph Priestley

The study of the process of combustion led to discoveries upon which modern chemistry is founded. Many brilliant

minds of various nationalities took part in these studies during the latter half of the eighteenth century. It was reserved for

the Frenchman Lavoisier to establish that when a thing burns it unites with something found in the air, but it was left for

Joseph Priestley to determine the substance in the air which makes burning possible. In that way Priestley became one of

the founders of modern chemistry.

Joseph Priestley was born near Leeds, Yorkshire, March 13, 1733. He became a poor country preacher, of an indifferent

eloquence, but possessed of one of the most remarkable intellects of which the world has record.

Priestley made his livelihood as a nonconformist preacher, and indeed he gave much deep study to theology. He published numerous books and treatises upon theological questions,

and at no time lost interest in theological matters. He was a

devout believer in God and a daily reader of the scriptures.

During his last days he frequently spoke of the comfort and strength that had come to him because of his habit of reading the Bible daily, and advised his family and friends to follow his example.

The marvelously receptive and flexible mind of Priestley touched on all matters of human interest. In theology, history,

politics and science he was active. It is a marvel to think that

one man could accomplish all that this man did in one lifetime.

Science always attracted Priestley. In 1761, when twentyeight years of age, he was given a tutorship in a small church

academy, and here for six years he pursued with such meagre apparatus as was at his command the study of chemistry and electricity. In 1766, while on a visit to London, he had the

good fortune to meet Benjamin Franklin. This great American

quickly perceived the greatness of Priestley's scientific promise.

As a result of Franklin's encouragement, Priestley soon thereafter wrote a History of Electricity. This brought him fame

THE MAKERS OF SCIENCE 781

and contact with many great men, though he still made his living in the ministry.

It was believed in those days that air was an elementary fact it had so been classed from the days of the Greekthing—in

philosophers. In the course of his researches, however, Priestley came to the conclusion that air is not elementary, but a mixture of substances. This thought led him to the discovery by

which he will always be remembered.

On the first of August, 1774, he obtained in his studies a gas that he had not before encountered and with very surprising properties. A lighted candle placed in this gas burned

with a remarkably vigorous flame, and a piece of redhot wood sparkled in it and was consumed very fast. Finally he found

that mice and insects lived nearly five times as long in this gas as in an equal volume of air. To complete the test, Priestly

breathed some of the gas and he relates that he fancied his breathing peculiarly light and easy for some time afterwards.

He soon came to the conclusion that this gas is found in the atmosphere, and is the ingredient which enables air to support combustion and animal life.

The gas thus discovered by Priestley was, of course, oxygen, which forms about onefifth of the atmosphere. It is now the

knowledge of everyone that when anything burns it unites with the oxygen in the air. In breathing, the oxygen is taken up by

the blood and the impurities burned and the carbonic acid gas which is formed is breathed out. It is the oxygen mixed with

the water that enables fish to live in water. Frequently, in serious cases of sickness, pure oxygen is given the patient to stimulate the bodily activities.

The discovery of the element oxygen by Priestley and of the nature of combustion by Lavoisier, made possible a new understanding of chemistry and physiology. Though these two

men discovered what seems to us most elementary truths, it is by the possession of these truths that much scientific progress has been made possible.

Priestley made many other scientific discoveries of note;

in fact, to the day of his death he gave some time to the study of science.

Priestley was of a democratic turn of mind. The republican form of government appealed to him. This was not wholly

pleasing to the English people. When the Bastile in Paris fell,

in 1791, a fanatical mob, knowing Priestley's sympathy for the

JVr.Tnch revolutionists, attacked and burned his house and

church, and destroyed his papers and scientific instruments.

Priestley escaped, but three years later removed to the United

States, where he settled at Northumberland, Pennsylvania.

;p? IMPROVEMENT ERA

Much honor was shown him in America, ami he did much to stimulate scientific research in this country. He was offered

the professorship of chemistry in the University of Pennsylvania, which he declined because of private reasons.

Priestley, though he made many enemies by his fearless, controversial writings, especially within the field of theology, was a sweetspirited gentleman, who loved truth and sought for it all his days. In the face of untold difficulties he rendered

rreal service to mankind, and made secure for himself a place among the makers of science. He died in his Pennsylvania

home, on February 6, 1804.

'i.- Uu

* aikr-v A SCENE IN THE RED CROSS PAGEANT, MAY 21, 1918,

When 2,000 Red Cross workers in uniform paraded the streets of Salt Lake

City. The great procession extended eight blocks, both sides of the streets

heing lined the whole distance by thousands of sympathetic, admiring and cheering citizens. Besides the Red Cross workers, there were 347 Belgian

soldiers from Russia, on their way to the front, accompanied by British,

French and American escorts, local G. A. R. and state officials, school cadets

and hoys"working reserves. The Red Cross drive opened on Monday, May

21, and by the end of the week more than the required amount for the state, $500,000, had been subscribed. The subscription later reached the sum of

$515,000. A great flag was carried by Red Cross workers upon which was

thrown by the admiring crowd, $1,096.29, upon a similar Moose flag,

$1,035.85, and upon a Z. C. M. I. flag, gathering the gleanings, $100.83, making a total street donation of over $2,200.

Outlines for Scout Workers XXVI—The Ringbilled Gull

By Delbert W. Parratt, B. S.

"Those who rest on eider down,

Taking borrowed ease, "Owe a tribute of sweet care To the wild wings of the seas."

1. Why is the ringbilled gulls so named?

2. In what parts of our country is this gull found? Does it inhabit

our valley? If so, what part?

3. Name another gull often found here and compare the ringbilled

with it. 4. Note size and shape of the ringbilled gull's body.

5. What are the characteristic markings of this gull?

6. Where and of what is the nest made?

7. Tell of size, color, and number of eggs.

8. Upon what does the gull subsist and how does it procure its food?

9. Do the gulls remain with us during the winter? If not, where do

they go? 10. Should they be protected? Why?

Handy Material

The billows rolled and plunged upon the sand,

The circling seagull swept beyond his ken,

And from the parting cloudrack now and then

Flashed the red sunset over sea and land. Longfellow.

784 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The ringbilled gull is named from the black ring which encircles its bill. It and the California are the most common

gulls of our valley. The ringbilled is found in various parts of

North America and, strange to say, is more common, especially during summer seasons, in the interior than along the sea coast.

Our ringbill, like the California gull, spends its winter months along the Pacific coast but in midspring makes eastward to favorite breeding grounds on Hat and Gunnison Islands in Great

Salt Lake.

It measures from eighteen to twenty inches in length, thus being slightly smaller than the California gull. Its boatshaped

body lends itself easily to floating upon water and flying through air. A mantle of deep pearl gray covers the upper parts of the

ringbilled gull. Its wings are black, tipped with white. The

bill is yellowish with a band of black and is somewhat hooked suitable for taking animal food. The legs and feet are yellow,

sometimes tinged with green. Its eyes are silver gray surrounded by scarlet. In winter the head and nape are spotted with

pale dusk. The young are mottled white and dusky, with a

dark tint varied with pale buff prevailing on the upper parts and white covering the lower parts. The young gulls when hatched

are covered with downy feathers and run about soon after birth.

The ringbilled, like the California, builds its nest on the bare ground of the islands of our Inland Sea. The nest is made

of a limited quantity of sticks and coarse grasses matted in guano.

The shallow affair contains two or else three pale or dark buff eggs, profusely marked with several shades of brown or black.

The gull's food consists of worms, beetles, grasshoppers, crickets, field mice, small fish, and unprotected eggs of white pelicans so abundant upon Hat Island. He is a scavenger and

often frequents the garbage piles west of our city. Insects are

easily captured by him both on the ground and in the air.

One rarely sees a gull alone. Usually a loose flock soars or

floats in the air, apparently idle, but in reality keeping their marvelously sharp eyes on the constant lookout for morsels of food in the water or on the ground below.

While food is plentiful and climate agreeable, the gulls remain in our valley, but when conditions change they take wing for their winter homes along the balmy coasts of California.

In 1848 the seagulls proved their worth to the sturdy pioneers of Utah. It was then that the vast hordes of black crickets

spread from the north bench lands of Salt Lake Valley down over the promising fields of young grain and devoured every blade, leaf, and stem in their devastating path, and filled the once hopeful settlers with fearful alarm. "Men, women, and

children,"says Bancroft, "turned out en masse to combat the

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 785

pest, driving them into ditches or upon piles of reeds, which they would set on fire, striving in every way, until strength was exhausted, to beat back the devouring host. But in vain they

toiled; in vain they prayed. * * * * While the people

stood with stricken hearts watching the destruction of their ofcrops, out of the Great Salt Lake came the gulls—myriads

theirthese strange, snowwhite birds, with wild cries—winging

way. A new fear arose in the minds of the people as they saw

these birds settling down upon their fields—a fear that another

foe had come to complete the destruction of their growing grain.

What was their joy can hardly be told, when they saw these gulls 'pounce upon the black crickets'and begin to gorge themselves, so ravenously indeed, that many of the birds, overstuffed by rapid and heavy feeding, would regurgitate their spoil and again go on devouring. This fact might seem incredible were it

not amply proved by the testimony of hundreds of eyewitnesses, as well as by the nature of the bird itself, which, as stated in another article herein, has the habit of regurgitating its food after carrying it to the barren islands of the Salt Lake to feed its young. The people gazed in amazement upon the birds at their

beneficent work. No wonder it seemed to them a sheer miracle

direct and convincing answer to their prayers."from heaven—a

Cavendish W. Cannon tells this beautiful story in the following suggestive verses:

The Gull

Planting

Here in this refuge land The stalwart resting band The seed has cast.

Summer has come again, See how the ripening grain Nurtured by sun and rain Grows thick and fast!

The Crickets

Down in the valley reigns drear desolation,

Fields, ere the harvest, are barren and sere;

Insects in clouds seem to threaten starvation,

Hath God forgotten the bold pioneer?

Deliverance Lo, in the summer sky, Wheeling their flight on high,

Sea gulls appear.

Safe is thy scanty bread;

Vanquished, the foe has fled, God watches overhead, True pioneer 786 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As an outgrowth of their signal service in ridding the fields of threatening crickets the gulls have long since enjoyed thorough protection by legal measures and public sentiment of our state. This, however, has not been the fortune befalling the

"white wings"in many other states. In spite of their usefulness

great numbers have been slaughtered for the millinery trade,

Thousands have been killed during the breeding season with the result that their helpless young have suffered death by slow, cruel starvation. There are now thirtynine states besides Utah

in which gulls are protected the year round. Louisiana alone

offers protection during only the breeding season, February 1 to

August 1, while five states offer no legal protection whatsoever.

These states are Idaho, Nevada, Montana, Arizona, and New

Mexico. California prohibits the sale of gull's plumage for millinery purposes. This law went into effect in 1895 and since

then a number of other states have enacted like measures. New

York has even gone to far as to prohibit the sale and possession of any sort of plumage belonging to the gull family.

In many states private reservations for the gulls have been formed, the money for these having been furnished by private subscription. As a result of this movement there is now scarcely

a flock of gulls on the entire Atlantic coast from Maine to Florida but what might feel reasonably safe during the breeding season.

In consequence the gulls which had become almost extinct are now becoming common again.

Strength to be a Helper

I would not sit with folded hands,

While others do life's work;

I would not play the coward, The sluggard nor the shirk.

I would rather ease the burden

That weighs another down;

I would rather be a lifter Than wear a sovereign's crown.

For there's joyousness in labor

That makes the bosom swell, A wondrous compensation For the work that's done full well.

Then help me, Lord, to swerve not

From the path my feet should tread;

Give me strength to be a helper,

Till the spark of life be fled.

Grace Ingles Frost i i

Home Defense Song For the M. I. A. "Home Guards."

Full Choi us in Unison. Words and Music by Evan Stephens.

March time.

!i A;* A J 3 3t > 3 A

Trumpets or bugle.

j Marcato.

-p-p- c*= m- -#- \-A 1 -I u Maestoso marcato.

r -I--. f*ff-l 1/ 1/ U

1. In defense of our home and our na - tion,

2. Of the means and the strength God has lent us,

3. With a u - nity strong and un - end - ing

:iSr:: - S |::J:

Maestoso Marcato, =f "St eg -1—

y 1/ We will fight For the right For human-i-ty's sake

We will share We will spare In defending the freeNe'er a - fraid For His aid Makes victorious the cause,/ 1is a 3 s- s—# r--J-H-—I—I—I—I-—I—I—1-|——

===tzt-!-*- - - -#- r r r -j r +|

IJ5I- d- 3 m L =f 2 7P8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

V—i- and sal - va - tion, E-ven war - vite.

dom He sent us We will dare, - where, aid, undis - mayed we're defend - ing—We will

#% 0-9-9- -T 4-4- -| pi P- zpr: *—*-*-*- *3 72- -t3--

: *—tsM—1 Legato, molto expressimo.

--N- i::5< -it

:5it?t—b——c-r

With the Stars and the Stripes floating o'er us; And our

Hence the comfort and ease we may rel - ish. We will

To o'erthrow e - vil tyrants o'er - bear - ing, With the

1 1-—m——p—r-m g

fc;=:E2*t=':t=f==t:td=z:

-m-0-

*=*==H3

f.

L—1 | du - ty so plainly be - fore us, We will march ever singsac - ri - fice all that we cherish, Ere human - i - ty's freeblood-sprinkled crowns they are wearing/Till the world, freedom's stand-

5——H- '--=1—H#-&>- #-L S>-! -0-1—-H J-.0..J,

!el

HOME DEFENSE SONG 789

f ---!- if* -1*1 0r:*=n *e I i/ V v

iDg in chor - us, For the mright, We will fight!

dom shall perish, All we are We will spare.

- fraid. ard up - bear - ing, Shall be made Un - a

r r I -00-0

.L 1 1 1 L j Tlhll J 1 |—j—

BrtVttA Official Photograph. Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

FRENCH REFUGEES, ON THE ROAD TO SOMEWHERE

Forced to seek shelter behind the British lines when the first attack of the German drive was launched. Many less fortunate were compelled

to leave all their possessions behind, driven from home by war. At times

one sees wagons on the roads, piled high with movable effects. The men—

always old or crippled or too young—are silent and morose. The women

do not weep, but sit high throned among their pathetic goods, holding babies in their patient arms, and stare forward toward a future that must seem compact of misery.

DifferencesThe Sick are Healed—Vital

By Joseph A. West

In Los Angeles, recently, I had the pleasure of being associated with the elders of that Conference for a little season. I

met with some peculiarly interesting experiences, one of which

I will relate to the readers of the Era:

On one occasion I was trying again to interest a certain good lady, who had previously been a member of our Church, but who had later become a member of the Seventhday Adventists, in the principles of the gospel; but she resisted my efforts with

the statements that her church taught the same things that ours did, and in addition was the only one that "observed the Sabbath day to keep it holy,"for all others worshiped on the first instead of the last day of the week. "Besides,"said she, "the

signs actually follow the believers in our church as in the days of the apostles, especially in the matter of the sick being healed, through the anointing with oil and the prayer of faith."As evidence of this, I was invited to attend the services of a Dr. Yoakum

where she said veritable pentecostal times were enjoyed every

Sunday afternoon.

The meetings referred to were held in what was known as the Tabernacle, a large frame building with a sawdust floor and backless seats. But notwithstanding these unusual conditions,

quite a large congregation was assembled. The doctor seemed

to be a very plain man, far from eloquent, though very earnest in his work, and his audience was exceedingly responsive to every word he said.

After prayer, a song service of considerable length was held which gradually grew in religious fervor until the psychological moment for testimony arrived, when the doctor asked those who had been healed to stand up and boldly testify of the same. The

opportunity thus given was seized upon with great alacrity, and for an hour or more varied testimonies of miraculous healings were given, amidst such outbursts of religious enthusiasm as I had never before witnessed. As proof of these healings having

actually taken place, great numbers of discarded crutches and invalid chairs were pointed to in different parts of the hall.

Even the drunkard had been cured of his evil habits, and the smoker of his tobacco, as was also shown by the many pipes that were suspended above the rostrum.

In connection with these testimonies, one man related the

THE SICK ARE HEALED—VITAL DIFFERENCES 791

incidents of his early conversion to Christianity. He was convulsed with laughter during his talk, as were also many of the

congregation; although there was nothing connected with what

he said that was laughable, except his own ludicrous manner.

When I asked why such a scene was permitted in a religious gathering on the Sabbath day, I was told that this was one of the Usual manifestations of the Holy Ghost. We are told in the

Scriptures, however, that "much laughter is displeasing in the sight of the Lord."

After enough had been said which was intended to convince those present that there must be some miraculous power back of the doctor and his associates, all who wished to be healed were asked to come forward and kneel upon a rude bench encircling the stand. One of the attendants now took a bottle of oil and

with the cork made a cross in the forehead of all thus assembled, while the doctor and his disciples placed their hands upon them and engaged in silent prayer.

Upon asking the lady who accompanied me how her church could take credit for what Dr. Yoakum was doing, when he was

not a member of it, she replied that his work was conducted in the interest of all the churches, and that it was therefore supported and encouraged by them. His congregation was made

up of people of many creeds and though having no especial church affiliations he gathered people from the pitfalls of vice in that great city, this being one of his activities, and allows them to join any church for which they might have preference. In taking up the collection, the doctor stated that in addition to what we had witnessed, he was serving 950 meals that day

to the poor, for many of whom he was also furnishing clothing and homes. Near by, we saw his once rather pretentious mansion that he had voluntarily given as a place of refuge for the

destitute and sinstained souls of that city.

He claimed to be following in the footsteps of the Savior, not only in preaching the gospel to the poor, but in actually healing their moral and physical infirmities; and in addition,

administering to their temporal wants. That he is doing a great

charitable and philanthropic work none can deny; and so far

as I could see, he is taking no particular honor to himself, but is giving God the glory.

Claiming, as we do, to be the only true Church of Christ, endowed with divine authority, may we not with propriety refer, in this connection, to Luke 9:49, 50, which reads as follows:

"And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name; and we forbad him, because he followeth not

with us. And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not; for he that is

not against us is for us."

792 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Christian world, since the Savior's time, has witnessed many men who have gone about doing good in his name, and surely they will receive their reward, for they have been living up to the best light they possessed.

Even the Catholic church, which Protestants in general, and the Seventhday Adventists in particular, denounce as the "whore of all the earth,"did an immeasurable amount of good in preserving to us the scriptures and supplementing the work of the apostles by teaching "Christ and him crucified,"to the great mass of heathen humanity in the old Roman Empire, who could no more be suddenly converted from their idolatrous notions than the Israelites from the idolatry of the Egyptians, even though the Lord had so wonderfully parted the Red Sea for their deliverance.

When in Rome I saw the Pantheon, the great heathen temple in which people from the uttermost confines of the Roman

Empire have worshiped at the shrines of their native heathen deities. When the Catholic church gained supreme power and

replaced these heathen deities with the statues of Christ and his apostles, and the patron Saints of the Christian era, it implanted ii the hearts of those heathens, a reverence for and belief in th< ir teachings that has made the preaching of the true gospel a comparatively easy task ever since. As proof of this,

compare 1.he success of our work among the Christian nations

with that among the heathens. We find that truth and error have

been blended, so to speak, all down the ages; but the almighty

truth has alone been able to withstand the mutations of time.

The gospel of Jesus Christ, as restored with power and divine authority to Joseph Smith, embraces all truth to be found in all the churches of the world, and besides it is the source of vast treasures of light and truth of which these churches have little conception. Many of these truths have been preached by

the elders of our Church for eightyeight years and they are gradually revolutionizing modern religious thought and theories, and placing men in a mental attitude in which they are unconsciously absorbing much of the gospel as we understand it.

I look for the time to come when the main difference between them and us will be divine authority, and that, mark you, is vital. Church organization, salvation for the dead, and temple ordinances and work, may also be classed as fundamental

differences.

Brigham City, Utah The Grizzly of the Idaho Woods*

By Claude T. Barnes

Even now as I recall the dreadful experience that befell me during my sojourn in that thickly timbered district which lies immediately west of Yellowstone National Park, I shudder at the thought that only by the merest chance I survive to tell the story.

To me nature presents an endless array of interesting detail;

and I may as well state in the begining that it was this eagerness for observation that led me into the woods alone and into an indifferent attitude toward all save the beauty of my environs.

It was a cloudy afternoon in the latter part of July when

I left my friends fishing in the placid waters of the upper Snake river, beside which we had made our camp, and struck off into the dense forests of lodge pole pines. Interspersed among the

pines were balsams and other evergreens, and in the dry gulches that sloped imperceptibly towards the river there appeared frequently dense growths of quaking aspen, the latter being usually knarled, twisted or bent by the heavy snow blankets of many winters. One unaccustomed to lodge pole pines can

scarcely appreciate their density. In places they appeared in

patches a quarter of a mile across, each tree being about the thickness of one's wrist and actually but a few inches from its neighbor. I had great difficulty in penetrating such groves, for

aside from the necessity of bending each tree from my path and the inconvenience of walking in a shower of pollen, my range of vision comprised a radius of a dozen yards or more and a delusive portion of the sky above. Soon I discovered that to facilitate my progress I had unconsciously sought bear trails through

the timber, the occasional dry excrementa that I chanced upon inciting little comment, as I knew that bears were numerous throughout all that region.

Not all of the pines were so thick, and frequently I issued forth upon charming, grassy meadows fringed with monarchs of the woods of various sizes. It was while sitting upon the

dried trunk of some ancient conifer that had been prostrated across the green, that I enjoyed to the fullest the aroma, the beauty and the awesome silence of the woods.

I seemed to be resting in a bed of flowers. Purple lupines,

crimson Indian paint brushes, varicolored columbines, deep blue fringed gentians, and striking sulphur flowers appeared

*By permission of OutersRecreation.

794 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as if placed there for my sole delight, while lungworts, violets and balsams gave a delightful redolence to the air.

Frequently I stopped to place some plant or blossom in a little book which I carried in my hunting coat; and I noted at

such times that the silence of the woods was not complete. Indeed various voices and sounds came through the apparent stillness. Richardson red squirrels scolded at me persistently;

several times Rocky mountain flying squirrels noisily sounded their alarm at my presence; and once I heard the loud clear

whistles of a pair of yellow woodchucks (M. flaviventer). Frequently I listened to the pleasing "chivee, chiveechivee-ah,

chivee"of the Audubon warbler, once discovering a nest in a pine tree beside which the tame songster gave rare opportunity for me to observe with the glasses its newly acquired black breast patches. The strident notes of the Rocky mountain jay, and the

sharp call of the redshafted flicker likewise emphasized the "silence"of the woods. Rubbing pines squeaked with every

breeze and even when there was no audible sound my fancy caught that distant, indescribable moan, the rather ominous fairywhisper or "voice"of the woods.

I carried a Springfield rifle, and, the evening being chill, I wore a thick chamois vest of the Guitterman type in addition to a heavy Gem hunting coat. I must have walked several miles

before my heavy clothing became comfortable; and it was due

to this that I suddenly appreciated that I must be quite a distance from camp, that evening was approaching and that I would better return. Twice before, in different years, I had ventured

into these perplexing woods alone, and had become so engrossed with the multitudinous attractions of nature that I had been for a time lost, once not reaching camp until long after darkness had fallen. Though many hunters have lost their way and

frozen to death while hunting elk in the very woods of which

I speak, this knowledge did not startle me, as in summer there is more inconvenience and annoyance than danger in being compelled to spend the night alone beneath some whispering conifer. I had not seen the sun at all that afternoon, and as my meanderings had taken a desultory course I was annoyed when, upon surveying the monotonous timber and equally confusing

sky, to discover that I was not exactly sure which direction to proceed. I carefully observed the lay of the ground and had

no little difficulty in determining the direction of water flow of the now grassy little hollow I was in. Satisfying myself, how

ever, I proceeded in the hopes that whatever led me towards the river must eventually take me towards camp.

I at last came upon a rather bare spot in the midst of which was a very thick patch of young balsams intermingled with

THE GRIZZLY OF THE IDAHO WOODS 795

pine trees about a foot in diameter. I could not see through the

balsams, and in going around them I stopped for a moment to examine a thistlelike plant which I recognized as the nightblooming mentzelia. I was pleased that its gleaming white

flowers were already begining to open, for twilight was nearly upon me. I stopped to get a whiff of its delightful, heavy perfume.

Upon looking up again I was startled to see a bear cub about twentyfive yards away walking around the balsams directly across my path. It did not see me, so, aiming rather low, as

I habitually did when shooting close with the Springfield, I fired.

It had not occurred to me for the moment thatthe shebear would likely not be far off; but I had no sooner shot than the little

fellow bit at his side and set up a squealing that could have been heard for a quarter of a mile. Simultaneously there came

a "woof"from behind it and I scarcely had time to throw in a second cartridge before there loomed up before me what then appeared to be the largest monster I had ever seen loose. It

looked as big as a cow; and its size, its head and its color, quickly told me that it was a shegrizzly. For a second I was aghast

and when she stood up her great claws looked longer than the fingers of a man. I know somewhat of the marvelous tenacity

of the grizzly, and as it suddenly dawned upon me that at this short distance it would be almost impossible to stop the brute no matter where I hit her, a horrible sense of my extreme peril went all over me. Strange to say my first flush was succeeded

by a calmness which I believe comes to most men when actually confronted with the jaws of death.

I shot at her heart while she yet stood towering before me;

but almost instantly thereafter she came at me on all fours with short, quick bounds and grunts, and with her great white teeth gleaming with hideous anger. I reloaded as quickly as I could

and fired into her face. She was right on me; and as I turned

and stopped to avoid the swipe of her great claws she grabbed the gun barrel with her teeth, knocked me down with her body, and rushed right over me before she could stop. In a flash

thoughts of home went through me, and I was certain my end had come. I knew it was not only useless but also foolhardy to

attempt either escape or defense, as I had no knife. Instinctively

I felt that the more I struggled the less were my chances of survival.

to- I was prostrated on my side on the ground with my face wards the cub. I expected to be torn to pieces; but determined

that so long as I could endure I would lie perfectly still. The

huge body turned on me almost as soon as I was down and her shoulder. The great jaws sunk into my side just below my right

796 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pain was excruciating, but my thick coat and chamois vest offered considerable resistance before they tore away. A huge

foot was placed on my shoulders and I could smell the hot breath of the tremendous brute above me. I surmised with despair that next bite would tear my ribs out; and though I lay

quiet I wondered why there was an apparent delay in the sickening process. The bear put much of her weight on my shoulder,

if I may judge by the feeling, and then silently peered toward the cub, which all the time had been bawling frantically, and getting further away up into the conifers. Its crying and bawling seemed to worry the big bear standing over me, for the next

I knew she sniffed at my ear breathing a bloody, frothy spray before my eyes, walked over me, came back and sniffed again and then made off towards the noisy cub, the crying of which she apparently attributed to a new enemy.

Lying as I was with my face towards her, I could, of course, observe everything though I hardly dared to wink. She got

about forty yards away when she stopped, swung her head from side to side looking first towards me then towards the cub. Then

she bounded towards me again when a few yards away slowly approached me snuffing and smelling. Frothy blood appeared

at her mouth; and she looked more wicked and vengeful than

words can describe. Seeing no movement she again walked towards the bawling cub now over a hundred yards away. She

went directly to it this time, and for a moment the thick pines concealed her. I did not know where my gun was but a pine tree

about a foot in diameter was only three yards away.

I quietly, quickly arose, ran for it, and proceeded to climb, climb, climb, as I had never climbed before. Again I heard a

"woof"and before I was out of danger the great bear came bounding back towards me. She rose with her great claws beneath me, grabbed my foot with her jaws and tore heel and sole

completely off. She hesitated just long enough to give the

leather a bite and a flip, and when she came after me again I mist have been beyond her teeth for her ugly claws tore the side of my trousers and cut gashes in my leg. One more effort

and I was out of reach!

I continued to climb and it seemed ages before I could reach a branch of sufficient size to permit a rest. I could hear

the bear biting and breathing below me; but even though I

knew that a grizzly cannot climb a tree, I knew not what the fearful monster might be capable of. Upon looking down I

concluded that I was reasonably safe for a time at least, and I grew calmer. It was fast growing dark but I still could see

the angry animal tearing at the tree below. I even thought that

she might eat it in two so frantic she seemed; but at last she

THE GRIZZLY OF THE IDAHO WOODS 797

again walked away toward the cub whose cries were still constant but weaker. My leg and side were bleeding but I knew

no ribs were broken, thanks to my heavy clothes.

For a long time I could hear the whimpering of the little cub and the responsive sounds of the "tender"old grizzly. It

grew pitch dark, and then at last the cries of the little one grew fainter and fainter, finally dying away; and I knew it had expired. I heard loud sniffing in about five minutes, then the

sweep of bushes and the big shegrizzly again stood beneath me tearing at my tree. After a time the sounds ceased; and the

silence I could not understand. I dared not descend—I simply

had to sit and wait. The night was cold; the robins had long

ceased to chatter in neighboring trees, and I feared I might fall.

I thought surely the bear must have gone; but after what seemed

hours, I heard her expel her breath with what sounded like a guttural, spasmodic effort. Whether she was lurking for me or

dying I could not tell; eo all night long I sat in the greatest

of suspense, my side and my bones aching from my cramped position and the cold. My hands were sore from holding to

the rough bark of the tree; and once, to relieve them, I attempted to fasten my belt around the trunk but it would not reach.

I had had too narrow an escape to think of sleep; and as I had

not the slightest impression concerning the status of the vicious brute below me, I, of course, dared not go down. It was an awful night!

How thankful I was when the first signs of dawn approached, and how I peered into the semidarkness below to ascertain if the bear was still there! Finally the darkness began to gray,

and I could make out the form of the monster below me, dead or alive I could not tell. When light came, I could see that

the bear was sprawled out apparently dead.

I waited for quite a while watching for any movement for many a hunter has met death by taking it for granted that at last I slowlya grizzly that did not move was dead—and then

let myself down, threw cartridges at the bear and shouted to see if it would move; but it did not. Even then I hesitated to

go down further; but upon looking closely and observing no

breathing movemtt I concluded she was surely dead. Cautiously

I descended and more cautiously approached. She was dead,

my first bullet having gone through her lungs and my second having glanced off from her skull behind her eye. I searched

for my gun finding it in the bushes nearby. The wood was

bitten clear through to the barrel; but otherwise it was in good

condition. I found the cub dead in the pines from which its

last sounds had come; the bullet had gone clear through its

body.:9H IMPROVEMENT ERA

How I trudged back to camp with my one bare foot hurting me and my mind troubled over my wounds can well be imagined; and the boys were horrified at my condition. They

had been searching for me, shouting and firing guns all night long, they said. A doctor was quickly brought from a club

house down the stream, and I was exceedingly relieved when he assured me that having received proper treatment so soon after my terrible experience I need have little fear of blood poisoning, or other complications. It turned out that he was right.

In coming back from the scene of my adventure I had broken off pine limbs every fifty yards or so and left them on the ground for I valued my prize too highly to run the risk of never finding it in those impenetrable woods. I was provided

with a saddle horse and the boys walked. It took a long time

to do the skinning, as most of us were novices in this science, but at last it was accomplished. We had to blindfold the horse before he would let us place the hides on him, but finally we succeeded. As I sit now in my library and look at that pelt which

is as big as a carpet, I sometimes shudder over again. Can you

blame me?

Underwood & Underwood, New York

GERMAN PRISONERS CAPTURED These Germans were captured by the French on the Somme front, and are shown being marched to the rear, guarded by two cavalry men. Prominent among the captives are four Red Cross men.

Problems of the Age

Dealing with Religious, Social and Economic Questions and their

Solution. A Study for the Quorums and Classes

of the Melchizedek Priesthood By Dr. Joseph M. Tanner

XXII—Sexual Life

Its Importance in Life.—One of the burning questions of the age, and

at the same time one of the consuming evils, is the lifelong story of man's sexual life. It protrudes in all the great historical events of the world, and

now that there are in that life such alarming dangers to the happiness and continuity of the race, men and women have thrown off all disguise of modesty, and speak on the subject with a frankness that would have seemed shocking a generation back.

Sexual life is fundamental in our family and social existence. One of

the difficulties respecting it arises from the fact that we have come to view it from an entirely false point of view. We speak of it sometimes as a "carnal

life,"as a sort of necessary evil, as a fallen condition of which we ought to be ashamed and for which we apologize, and as a sin which we lay at the door of Adam and Eve. And why this shame, this apology? It is no doubt

because that life has been the most shamefully abused and most ignorantly approached of all the conditions of our worldly existence.

all life Duty.—God implanted in all life the powers of procreation, and

has a threefold duty: of birth, reproduction, and death. These are the

general laws of our existence. Concerning the duty of reproduction, he

made to Adam and Eve the announcement of the law that man should not live alone, that he should multiply and replenish the earth.

Man, then, in his mortal condition, became a creator by reason of the sexual powers with which God had endowed him. He became in turn like

it is true, yet he made a beginning to the powers of hishis Creator—finite,

creation, which must grow in perfection as man grows in attainments.

forth from the valley of the MesopotaBlessings.—God called Abraham

mia. The great object of that call was to make him the progenitor of a chosen people through whom the Messiah was to come. With that call there

came a promise, which Abraham held choice above all other promises: that

his children should be as numerous as the stars of the heaven or the sands of the seashore. Love is the first fruits of man's creative powers. I hardly

need point to the Old Testament for evidence respecting the law of purity and the purposes of God. God taught it to Moses on the Tables of the Law;

Christ preached it to his followers; he denounced his enemies because of

their adulterous lives. Their fall from purity made it impossible for them

to comprehend or follow him.

Relationship of Sexual Life and the Spirit of God.—Let us come down

to conditions and experiences of our own times; men go forth into the

world as misionaries to expound divine laws, to preach repentance, and to warn. From their words, faith is implanted in the hearts of men. Those

who are seeking divine truth are susceptible to the influences of these mis800 IMPROVEMENT ERA i aionaries. The purity of their lives gives effectiveness to their testimonies.

On the other hand, digression from the law of purity robs them of their spiritual life, and often severs the relationship in them between the human and the divine. Men who digress from the higher mission of sexual life lose

faith, grow in profanity, until it suits their conscience best to believe that there is no God, except the laws of nature, towards which they feel no very great responsibility. When the law of sexual life has been transgressed

through sin, men and women suffer the loss of divine love. The sexual life

is Godordained, in the animal, vegetable, and human world. Its mission is

the mission of life and progress. It carries with it joy and blessings, within

its legitimate exercise. The exalted nature of this life, however, makes it a

source of temptation, and the depravity of its sinful course is as debasing as its legitimate exercise is exalting.

all the Exercise.—It is a hidden life, and therefore susceptible to

greater dangers. It is a universal life, and therefore within universal requirements; but it is said that many of the failures of that life are not the

result of man's preference or decision; they belong rather to the misfortunes

of life, to disappointments, and impossibilities. But what is the attitude of

all men toward such a life? Is it one of humble acknowledgment, or one

of indifference and pronounced contempt? Into every man's and woman's

life God has implanted sexual desires which have a legitimate mission that may be faithfully performed, rejected, or abused. It is a life that God intended should be filled in a legitimate manner, which he has pointed out to

his children.

The Fall.—We do not regret the Fall, for through it came the opportunities of Christ's redemption, which means immortality through the resurrection, and eternal life through the gift of God. The question of our

sexual life is the burning question of the age, but with it there comes the further question as to how the oncoming generation shall be taught to view and appreciate it. Shall fathers, mothers, and friends speak with frankness?

Too much frankness may be harmful. Shall we make its teaching more

general, and shall the knowledge of our sexual life be made more familiar to the rising generation? There is such a thin veil between its exalting and

its sinful effects that the thoughts of those whom we may teach may dwell upon the evil side of it. "The knowledge of evil tempteth to its commission,"says Canon Farrar. The great war has revealed to us evil conditions

in sexual life of which we have never dreamed. The revelations of what has

been the secret lives of those in service and those unfit for service is but one phase of the evils of that life. They may be as poignant and as afflicting

in the home as they are in the army. There can be little doubt that the

evils of divorce, and the hatreds which spring up between men and women in the home are due in a large measure to the evil relationships there which are after all indirect revelations of excessive and perhaps debasing sexual lives. God alone knows; he must be, therefore, the Judge of our universe,

and now that he is speaking in the thundrous tones of war, famine and pestilence, shall we not stand awed in the presence of those calamities which are rapidly spreading over the world?

Duty to Teach.—We often leave our children to gain their first impressions of sexual life from street urchins and those whose vulgarities make

them bold in presenting that life more from a debasing than an uplifting point of view. The first knowledge of sexual life should come from parents

who may create in their children exalting views about it.

Desires, thoughts and feelings may be carnal. If man "follows after his

f?rn,f * desires, he must fall and incur the vengeance of a just God upon

him"(Doc. and Cov. 3:4).

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 801 XXIII—Divorce

Growth of Divorce.—Easy and frequent divorce has become in the

United States a scandalous condition. The state has always considered itself

a third party to a marriage, and has therefore insisted that both marriage and divorce must be subject to the regulations of the law. While divorce

can effect only by legal proceedings, the grounds for divorce have been so elastic, and judges so willing that unhappy marriages should be dissolved, that the daily grind of divorces in the United States has grown to enormous proportions, said to be one out of twelve marriages.

There has been a wide divergence of opinion throughout the world on the subject. Religious organizations have considered it a sacrament of the

church and have undertaken to regulate it by a religious ban upon those who were divorced under certain conditions. They forbade remarriage and

punished religiously those who disregarded church requirements. The

churches, however, have become less and less an important factor in the matter of divorce. The question is one of growing difficulty, owing to the

increased disinclination to marry. Where divorce is difficult, marriage is

restricted, and even where marriage exists wives and husbands live apart without any intention to marry again. Such a condition leads of course to

gross immorality. Sexual relations and the love growing out of them are

dominating factors in human life. What was intended to be a blessing, becomes a curse through the misuse of passion. How to control a Godor-

dained instinct in its proper exercise has been a most troublesome question from the dawn of history. There is of course only one proper channel of

regulation, and that is marriage. Even marriage is no protection against the

shocking abuses of human passion, and it often becomes a license rather than a right to be sacredly treated. Law cannot reach the most violent

abuse of virtue in marriage relations; neither can it force man and wife to

live together when they become obnoxious to each other. It can at best say

that they shall not be divorced and that they shall not marry others. In

England there has long been a partial divorce from "bed and table,"but while such a law may prevent either from marrying, it does not really remedy a great social wrong.

root in our social Unwillingness to Marry.—There is now an evil taking

life more alarming than divorce, and that is the unwillingness of men to marry. It is estimated that fully one half of the men in the United States

between 21 and 45 are unmarried. Late marriages are quite generally advocated, that is, late marriages for men. That fact gives rise to the socalled

double standard that requires the strictest virtue in women and allows the greatest laxity in men. One of our metropolitan papers recently set up a

justification for this standard by the argument that when a woman is untrue to her husband, he becomes intolerable to her and that she no longer loves him, while the opposite is true of man.

Divorce is evaded in some countries by what is called in Germany wild marriage. Men and women under this system simply live together. If they

have children they style themselves husband and wife, and the children, who often know nothing of their parents'status, address them as father and mother. The excuse of such a practice is of course the plea that divorce is

impossible. Such a practice further admits of a great deal of shifting of men

and women from one to another. The fact that women have lived with

other men before marriage, and even where they have children, does not carry the same weight of objection in Germany that it does in other countries.

described are not the result of the Partial Divorce.—The evils above

ease or difficulty with which divorces may be procured. They are the result

802 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of immoral natures which the conscience is unable to correct. In the absence of positive religious convictions, the conscience becomes a very elastic

thing.

It may be said that the trend of modern state requirements is in the direction of easier divorces. How far the laxity in matters of divorce can be

carried without breaking down the present marriage system it is diffcult to say. There is a breaking point, however, in marriage where the state may

become a party to it. At any rate the state may become an indifferent

spectator. The Chicago Sunday Tribune, of August 26, 1917, prints the following from London:

"That there are from 250,000 to 300,000 persons in Great Britain legally separated yet not divorced, is one of the statements in the report of the royal commission which has lately been investigating the divorce problem.

"This, moreover, is only a beginning. Other multitudes of men

and women who have been married continue not only married but without even legal authority, to live apart, although they do not and could not live together. Probably this second classification is larger

than the first.

"However greatly both husband and wife may wish it, they cannot be divorced unless there has been adultery on the wife's part, or adultery and also cruelty, on the husband's part."[Another instance of the double standard.]

"Even advocates of easier divorce in some cases fear that this measure would make it too easy. But the people who have investigated do not. They describe fearfully immoral conditions widely

existent because of the present difficulties of getting divorce. Immorality, illegitimacy, disease and a fearful number of cases of bigamy are

numerated. Husband and wife legally bound to each other, yet legally separated, forced to lives of celibacy, lose all moral standards.

The fact that they are commonly poor makes the results yet worse."

Wife Trading.—Wife trading is another divorce evil which easy separation encourages, and yet it is not so baneful to society as the conditions

described in Great Britain. Now and then such trading is given in the

public print, and generally given in such humorous vein that the matter is treated as a joke rather than as a warning. A large public sentiment is indifferent to it. As I write the following appears in a New York paper from

Havre, Montana, of August 26, the date on which the conditions in Great

Britain are described:

"Usually when a man falls in love with another man's wife there's a shooting affray. And again, when a woman gets to liking

another woman's husband better than her own, there's the deuce to pay. But not so here! When Mrs. T., a wife of a prominent Havre

lawyer, felt she loved the husband of Mrs. J. better than her own

mate, she didn't hide the matter. Nor did Mrs. J. when she fell in

love with Mr. T. Nor did Mr. T. when he took a liking to Mrs. J.

Nor did Mr. J. when he became fonder of Mrs. T. than of his own

wife. They all went to Boulder Hot Springs, obtained a divorce,

and then by marriage made the trade complete. These neighbors each

had a boy and a girl. After the trade one took the two boys and the

other the two girls, and all parties were pleased with the new arrangements."

"May they live happily ever afterward, almost any one will hope,"is the closing sentence of this article.

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 803 Dangers of Childless Lives.—Such inroads made into family life are

aided greatly by the absence of children in the home. It is an abortive

attempt to substitute the pleasures of life for the Godordained laws of our being. Some years ago a commission of eminent physicians met in Constantinople to make an investigation into the moral conditions of the Turks.

The writer asked one of these physicians why such conditions as he described among the married women of France prevailed. "It is one of the

simplest laws of nature,"he replied. "When a man marries he usually

makes a harlot out of his wife by the prevention of offspring. It is an easy

step from harlotry of the home to promiscuous harlotry. A man by such

a course sows the seeds of a deadly suspicion in his own mind, and reaps the harvest of marital despair. He robs himself of contentment and domestic happiness and pays the penalty nature has in store for him."

Secret Evils.—An external survey of married life and of the causes which

led to divorce is at most only superficial. The grosser evils belong to the

secrets of the home, they are a part of the immoral nature of man. The

patent remedies of the world today do not reach the seat of the disease. The

true remedy lies in the return of man to the true worship of God, a worship in which he feels a direct responsibility to his Maker. The most sacred

rights of woman have been overthrown. They are not economic or political,

they are domestic, and yet she pursues political and social remedies that do not solve the question of her happiness. Her fundamental, indispensable

rights to happiness are found in wifehood, motherhood, and perfect freedom in the control of her body. Indecency in married life may not be so baneful

as promiscuous sexual intercourse, yet it lays the foundation of a great multitude of divorces.

"Why marry at all?"is the soliloquy of millions of men who point to

divorce and marital unhappiness as an excuse. The source of our present

conditions must be sought in our own secret internal life. We can hardly

say like the prophet of old: "Search me, oh God!"We do not need divine investigation. We have enough selfrevelation to make us better if only

we had the will and the faith necessary to bring us back into the paths which lead us to humility and righteousness. Increasing divorce is one of

the strongest evidences of our departure from the way set by divine will.

After the war, when our present social, economic, and political institutions will witness a vast disintegration, there may come to the world a higher standard of justice and faith. Much of the old must pass, for it is

already in a state of decay. There is scarcely a condition of life that the

war does not touch in some vital manner. From it will come a period of

reconstruction, a period every thoughtful man should study.

Law of God.—"The man is not without the woman in the Lord, neither

the woman without the man."In marriage is to be found the highest

estate of man or woman. Divorces are permitted by the Church though

they are greatly deplored. (Doc. and Cov. 42:22,23; 49:15; 83:2; 132:1820;

I Cor. 11:11,12.)

XXIV—Race Suicide

Theory.—This subject is apparently as old as the human race. It has

rested in the past as it rests in the present, upon the relative conditions of production and consumption. Theoretically, and argumentatively, it may

be said that if the normal increase of human life went on without decimination by war or disease, the world would find it difficult to produce from all its known agencies the amount required for the sustenance of the human 804 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There are, however, a number of forces in operation which are constantly tending toward the restriction of life. These forces or agencies have

been counted upon to keep a normal balance without man's interference viciously with the laws of life. Whatever may be our theory about God's

purposes in the world and the conduct of nations toward one another, it is certain that social forces are constantly acting in restraint of life and toward the destruction of life. These social conditions represent man's agency, his

rebellion against the laws of God, his intelligence, and his fall from the highest state of his creation. Weneed not attribute wars to God. Neither

need we assign to him the causesf pestilence, famine and all sorts of diseases. It is a common world in which we live, and nature is so regulated

since the Creation that it is constantly working off waste or fetid matter and taking on new life. It is doing so with the human family. It is true

we cannot reach satisfactory conclusions about the origin or even the justice, from a finite point of view, of all these unfavorable conditions to our existence.

The question, then, of race suicide from the beginning is largely a question of whether man shall use violent and artificial means to add to the limitations or destruction of life. Shall he not rather leave the question

of the earth'population to those conditions, those calamities and destructions which of themselves from all time have been sufficient to keep a normal balance between the needs and the production of the world's animals and man?

Methods.—A little more than a century ago a writer by the name of

Malthus took up the question of the world's population, and in r.a academic

way sought to prove that some restraint must be put by man himself upon life in order to prevent the world from the fate of sure starvation if the human family were permitted to go on and people the earth more rapidly than it was able to provide for the people's sustenance. In the case of race

suicide, as in the case of numerous other instances, men have set up artificial means in the place of those which in the nature of things belong to social life and the laws of nature. What would happen to this world of

ours were the ideals of the Malthusian theory to prevail? But that is really

beside the mark. The judgments of God have a very distinct place in the

annals of history, and then there is the further fact that men have brought down upon them destruction by reason of their own retrograding movements.

Ancient Practices.—Let us see how the ancient world undertook in its

crude and cruel manner what in these days we are seeking to do by more refined means. Here it may be well to remark that what we call civilization

is not always progress. Civilization too often has within it refined means

of accomplishing ends that were sought in the barbarous ages by more cruel and inhuman methods. In the early stages of history race suicide was accomplished both through religious and economic purposes. The early inhabitants of Asia had a practice of offering up their firstborn in order to

propitiate their idolatrous gods. When the Israelites had settled in the Land

of Promise, they found a people there who were practicing human sacrifice.

In the days of Israel's glory which shone about the throne of Solomon, the

God Moloch was set up in the Valley of the Hinnon, just below the City of

David on the west, and there infants were offered in the fiery furnace of this heathen god. Among the tribes of Australia and the islands of the

South Pacific there grew up a practice of burying children alive because they were wanted by parents or relatives that were waiting for them on the other side.

Again various tribes that were nomadic in character often destroyed their children because in moving from place to place they could not care for them. These human sacrifices were generally performed by the men,

PROBLEMS OF THE AGE 805

but in some of the lowest tribes the mothers joined in this hideous religious rite. Along the west coast of Africa, out of the control of the English, children were destroyed by mothers, and there was a belief among the Kaffir

population of South Africa that unless they laid a lump of earth upon the mouths of their children and thus produced death, the parents would lose their strength.

Madagascar was also noted for its infanticides. There were certain socalled unlucky days. Children born on such days were put to death l<s unfit

to live. If a child cried at its birth, it was unlucky and death for it was

preferable to life. In South America there existed in earlier times the practice of burying children alive. The Guanos restricted their family to two

children.

In Takelaus or Line Islands the husband decided how many children should live according to the amount of land which the head of the family possessed.

It may be said that in the race suicide practice of the ancients there always existed the belief that it was better to destroy the girls. In some

places the reasons given were religious but they were often economic, since they were nonproducers. And then there was the further reason that by

killing girl babies they help to keep an equilibrium between the males and the females since many males would naturally be destroyed through the incessant warfare of those uncivilized tribes.

When the English conquered India they found there the same disposition to practice race suicide. Wives were placed on the funeral pyres of

their dead husbands. Female children were drowned in the Ganges.

pretensions there was also unIllustrations.—Behind these religious

doubtedly an economic purpose and a desire on the part of the inhabitants to shirk the responsibility which parentagebrought upon them.

"Infanticide, which until now has gone unpunished [says Dr.

Lauterer] is practiced especially iir Pekin and Fuhkien. A large per

cent of female infants meet with an unnatural death because of their parents'poverty or their niggardliness. The unfortunates are simply

cast into the nearest stream and the corpses left until the morning when the government's wagon collects them, or they are exposed in the open where, not being protected from the cold, they soon perish.

Lately a decree has been made to prohibit it."

"The Province of Fuhkien [says Douglas] is that in which this crime most obtains. Inquiries show that in many districts as large a

portion as onefourth of the female children born are destroyed at birth. At Pekin, on the other hand, it cannot be said to exist at all.

But in this as in so many social offenses in China, the sword of the law, which is alone capable of putting down crime, is allowed to hang like a rusty weapon on the wall. It is true that occasionally

proclamations are issued in which heinousness of the evil is explained with all the impressiveness that could be desired, but so long as natural affection finds no support from without it will continue, in China, to yield the requirements of daily food."

"Modern writers on Japan lay stress on the affection of the Japanese for their children, and yet 'during the famine of 1905 many girls Chrisby the were redeemed parents suffering sold by been had who traceis of the parents to the welfare children of sacrifice tians.'This

able to the influence of Confucius. To the same source may be ascribed the fact that, though in ancient times the female sex was promSamurai the of Confucianism introduction after the in Japan, inent chiland with his wife to even converse him it beneath considered

dren 'Neither God nor the ladies inspired any enthusiasm in the 806 IMPROVEMENT ERA m Samurai's heart,'says Professor Chamberlain. For is it not written

by the great moralist Karbara Ekken, in the Owna Dargaku, 'It was the custom of the ancients, on the birth of a female child, to let it lie on the floor for the space of three days. Even in this may be seen

the likening of the man to heaven and of the woman to earth."

"Ever since the beginning of that indefinite period which we call 'modern times'the birth of a child has always been an occasion for rejoicing. To be sure, in Japan that joy was very much greater when

it was a boy baby; yet the Japanese have never displayed such intense

dislike to girl babies as have the Chinese. One great reason for this

was that the population of Japan was not so dense as it is in China.

It was easier to provide for children, and therefore there was no incentive to put girl babies out of the way. I am sorry to say that

very lately, since the RussoJapanese war (1904-5), when the Japanese people are almost crushed by the weight of taxes to provide money with which to pay war expenses and to keep up army and navy, the number of cases of female infanticide is increasing alarmingly."

Semitic Races.—It may be well here in passing to note that the Israelites

and kindred races were not given as a rule to the practice of infanticide.

The offering of human life was forbidden them, and in lieu of a command which God gave to Abraham to offer up his son Isaac, he provided for

Abraham a "ram in the thicket."The Israelites were commanded, according

to the law, to make sacrificial offerings of certain animals. The law of

sacrifice is as universal and as old as the race. It also has certain divine support. It was practiced by Abel and Cain and the law of sacrifice was typical

of that culminating sacrifice of God in which he offered his Son as a sacrificial atonement for the sins of the world.

Man, however, in the practice of his sacrifices, has substituted his own ideas and emotions for the purpose and plans of God, for the only true order of sacrifice which God himself instituted, and which is also typical of the thousand sacrifices we make of the flesh in the processes of our earthly progression. The infidel objections to the sacrifice of Jesus are founded

upon the practice of sacrifice in the heathen world.

Prohibition in Canada

By De Voe Woolf, LL. B.

Some months ago the Union government of Canada passed an orderin-council prohibiting the importation of alcoholic drinks into Canada, and also prohibiting the manufacture of spirits for beverage purposes, in Canada. It goes still further

and forbids interprovincial liquor traffic in all provinces where prohibition is in force. The announcement has also been made

that the manufacture of ale, beer and porter will be prohibited immediately.

The effect of this orderin-council is to cut off at one stroke of the pen a trade with foreign countries which, hitherto, has totalled nearly ten million dollars, and which has contributed an annual revenue to the country in custom duties of about fifteen million dollars.

PROHIBITION IN CANADA 807

The custom returns for the year ending March 31, 1914, show that 2,082,194 gallons of ale, heer and porter valued at $1,338,893, and 4,862,063 gallons of spirits and wines valued at $7,392,235, were imported into Canada. The total value of these

liquors amounted to $8,731,228, and the duty collected totaled $14,543,441. The volume of imports of this nature in the year

ending March 31, 1914, totaled 6,944,257 gallons.

In the year 191516 the three western provinces Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta went dry. Ontario soon followed, likewise New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward

Island and British Columbia. There was a marked falling off

of imports during that year. For the year ending Sept. 30, 1917,

the custom returns show 135,210 gallons of ale, beer and porter, valued at $106,426, and paying a duty of $63,982; and 2,603,761

gallons of spirits and wines valued at $4,182,710 and paying duties of $5,036,509.

It will be noted that even with prohibition in practically all of Canada, general war conditions in the civilized world, and the submarine menace of 191617, the traffic in spirits and wines in 1917 was almost 42 per cent of what it had been in the antewar, anteprohibition year of 1914.

Virtually all that remains of the flourishing traffic in liquor in Canada is the infinitesimal stocks on hand in the province of Quebec. Within three years vested interests, generally

considered the strongest and most powerful in Canada, have been swept out, with a few strokes of the pen; and a trade generally conceded to be impregnably established, has been abolished.

The government describes the ordersin-council as war measures, designed to conserve food, and to release shipping facilities for proper purposes. But any government will never attempt to reinstate these interests and this traffic after the war.

Prohibition has come to stay in Canada.

i iiiii in iiimiiiiiiimi minium nun in mill mi mini miimi mi i iimiiii i 1 One of the speakers at an officers'meeting of the Y. M. |

1 M. I. A., in the June Conference, suggested the following |

1 as a good resolution for officers to make and live by

I will take an interest in my duties, and will not be J

I satisfied with slipshod and merely passable work, either | own| in myself or in the officers under me—doing my |

1 part promptly and as well as I can, and then helping |

J others to do their part. I will do all this in a cheerful |

| spirit, realizing that petulancy and pessimism depress | 1 all the workers, and injure all the work.

in i i ""u.=inmiimmimimi mil i minim iiiiiuiuiiu iiiiuiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimii in m

The Meaning of Education

By E. G. Peterson, A. M., Ph. D., President Utah Agricultural College

X—The Road to Spiritual Power

We are strong in proportion to our ability to realize and take advantage of the opportunity to grow and develop. In things

physical, change is always taking place; in things chemical,

change is always taking place. Likewise in our conceptions and

our ideals we are constantly changing for good or bad. As our

understanding deepens, our motives and our hopes readjust themselves to suit the new vision which we have.

It is a great achievement in our lives when this truth becomes part of our being. It induces charity and tolerance and broadmindeness as few other things do. We cease to condemn and we

learn to respect and to forgive, because when this law of growth and improvement opens to our view we see life as a much bigger and nobler thing than we conceived it to be when we thought that our thoughts were final, our deductions complete, and our thought, in aactions undeniably as all should act—when we

word, that things were fixed.

Our ideals change. Especially is this true of students, and we

are all students whether we are in school or not. Indeed, I believe this life to be only a training camp, as it were, in preparation for an existence of much higher order but, I believe, subject to like laws and principles as this.

Our first ideal is physical. We glory in strength of muscle, in

soundness of heart, in power of lung, we watch anxiously the contour of body which denotes physical vigor. We are roused to

enthusiam by athletic competition and envy the fleetness of limb or tenacity of body which produces the athletic hero. The

pictures on our walls are likely physical in character of the bodies of men and women. Profiles attract us. Sensuality charms

us to the exclusion of many other strong considerations.

Experiences accumulate, and almost unconsciously we see the vision of the mental. We strive for mental power. We long

to be able to debate with effectiveness, to master complexities of mathematics and the like. We long to be solvers of problems.

We scorn those suggestions, of older and wiser friends, that bear upon religion and the other questions of the spirit of man.

We believe what can be demonstrated or thought out. We deny

THE MEANING OF EDUCATION 809

the necessity of any other belief. We revel in the satisfactions

of Darwinism, and materialistic explanations of life. Our mind

riots in controversy. In this stage of development, where many

stop, we experience the exuberance of full blooded youth and early maturity. We have not experienced much of pain or great

satisfaction or worry. When these come, accompanied by other

changes, we shift into the phase of the moral.

We see the meaning of self sacrifice. We see our soul strengthened by good deeds and weakened by evil. We conquer and

assume place by virtue of the degree of righteousness which we represent, aided, of course, by our mental, and indeed physical, fitness. We welcome hardship for the sake of strengthening

our moral powers. We devote ourselves to the principles of

honor, of personal purity, of generosity, of charity. We vote for

upright men, we struggle for the elimination of graft and for the return, to those who deserve, of the legitimate profits of life. We do, in measure, unto others as we would that others

would do unto us.

Beyond here many do not go. They have achieved much to

gained moral power have rendered themselves moral—to have

and pass away unconscious, in large measure, of the crowning privilege of man which is built upon, and supplementary to, a degree of moral and mental vigor and clarity. I mean the privilege of spiritual strength. To those who pass beyond the mere

moral there is opened up a vision that satisfies beyond all else.

Christ becomes a moving principle. Faith succeeds belief. An

invincible will succeeds a mere determination. We stand on the

is ours, in humility summit and survey a whole world which and in righteousness. We forgive those who trespass against us.

life because we have seen We are above the petty bickerings of seen and besomething of the great purposes of God. We have

lieve in the harmony of the universe. The wind blows for us

and all the world under the guidance of a will and a purpose.

The mountains comfort us because they are of God. Mankind

in their vast intermingling, in their vast crime, and in their beauty, alone and together, are all eternal souls who are stumbset. ling on toward the goal which God has

reread Privation, hardship, suffering become incidents. We

historv and see the flame of spirituality lighting the world is ours to command. The vast from the beginning. The earth

forces that we say are hidden—they are ours to use to the ends

of righteousness.

Logan, Utah Experience at the Front

By Private Jesse Frederick Harrington, of the Canadian Overseas Expeditionary Force

[Having been requested to write something on his experiences at the front in France, this Canadian volunteer, now a resident of Preston, Idaho, gives a realistic picture of his baptism of fire, his belief in the protecting power of God, and his reason for finding rest in his dugout in the horror of shot and shell. Editor.]

I was living with my family in Vancouver, Canada, when this war started, and realizing that a German victory meant the loss of freedom and the total annihilation of those ideals so dear to humanity, I enlisted with the Canadians, October, 1914. After

training for the winter, I embarked for England, being stationed just outside the famous town of Dover, and within sound of the big guns which added greatly to the realism of our training now carried on more intensively. It was at this time the German

made his murderous gas attack on the Canadians, causing such terrible loss, and I formed part of the reserves sent over to help, and landed at Rouen. Here the men were given another of the

many medical examinations. After this we were piled onto the

train journeying for some six hours, then came a fiveor sixmile ride in motor lorries, or transports, followed by a very enjoy-. march in mud, kneedeep. This lasted until threeable (? )

o'clock in the morning. We located our regiment the next day

at Festubert, being transferred to the Fifteenth Highlanders. It

was here, and in this regiment, I received my baptism of fire.

On my first trip into the trenches, I was sent back with a ration party; on the last half mile of road leading into the

trenches, the shells were coming so fast and furious that we had to run about ten yards, then throw ourselves flat on the ground.

This performance was continually repeated until we were within three hundred yards of the fighting line. Here we must go on

our knees, and sometimes like the snake, crawl in the dust. By

the time we reached the front line, our ration tin would have served very well for a sieve, and a large amount of French soil had become mixed in with the bacon. This latter, Tommy must

fish out as best he could, and forget the dust, as this constituted part of his food for the next twentyfour hours. On our way, the

horror of this proved too much for two of our men; one did not

reach the trench, but the other, a colored man, collapsed when

EXPERIENCE AT THE FRONT 811

he got there, and was unable to speak for four days after. As an

attack was expected that night we were held in the trench for a couple of hours, but Fritz having evidently changed his mind, we were again sent to the rear. On our way out, we found the

German snipers quite busy, their bullets whistling all around us, and passing between the men's legs; sometimes between the leg

and the cloth of the trousers, one man's rifle slung on his back, being split in half by shrapnel, he escaping unscathed. A little

later, hearing a heavy shell coming, we threw ourselves down, and I later regained consciousness to find myself alone and on my back, on a pile of bricks some distance from where I had thrown myself. My back and hips were black and sore from the

force with which I landed. This was finally the cause of my

discharge, though at the time I did not take it seriously, and I carried on for four months before receiving the second wound in my leg.

I was then placed in the grenade company, more popularly known as the suicide squad, and was sent out on outpost duty.

When we espied a German patrol making our way, there being but two of us and in a position where we were as liable to be hit by our own men, I sent back my companion, who was very young and nervous, to report the matter, and took up a strategic position behind a bunch of grass until help came, when we opened fire scattering the enemy. About this time my back began to

bother me, and my chum insisted on massaging me until I obtained relief. This often followed a hard day's work on his

part; but nowhere in the world is there to be found such a spirit

of love and unselfishness among men as at the front. This war

seems to be as a refiner's fire bringing to the surface all the finest as well as the basest traits in a man's character.

Some there are who have become convinced that there is a

Supreme Being, but the greater part of them, daily viewing the slaughter that goes on around them, doubt if there is a God.

Many of these men asked me why it was I always found rest in my dugout, saying I no sooner laid down my head than I was asleep. They knew I never took the rum ration, and most of

them knew that I was a "Mormon,"so I told them I always offered up a prayer to my heavenly Father, committing myself to his care, then laid down knowing that all would be well. I

was the only "Mormon"in my regiment, and was often laughed at when telling of my faith, but when they are convinced of the fact, a man of my belief has a great opportunity to preach the gospel, and to be an example, for his life is closely watched by his fellows.

No Latterday Saint goes into this war without coming out stronger in his faith; having heard the gospel, he sees and ex812 IMPROVEMENT ERA

periences enough to convince hini beyond the shadow of a doubt that it is the truth. To him it is not supposition, he knows that

God, the Creator, exists.

I received my second wound, in August, 1915. After being

operated on, I was sent to England to a British hospital. They

kept me here some five months, finally sending me home to

Canada, where I received my discharge December, 1916, which reads as follows:

Canadian Overseas Expeditionary Forces Discharge Certificate

This is to certify that No. 63460, (Rank) Private, (Name in Full) Jesse

Frederick Harrington, enlisted in 15th Battalion, Canadian Overseas Expeditionary Force on the 28 Oct., 1914, and accompanied said unit Overseas,

was returned to Canada and discharged from the service at Esquimalt, B. C,

consequence of being medically unfit foron the 10th of Dec, 1916, in further service, (Result of wounds).

Description on Discharge Age—26 years. Marks or scars:

Height—5 Complexion—Light.ft. 6 1/2 inches. ScarScar frontover frontright leftforearm.leg.

Eyes—Grey. Birth mark, left buttock.

Hair—Fair. Tatto, Bumblebee front left forearm

Trade—Teamster.

Signature of man Place and date, Esquimalt, B. C.

Pat King, Lt.,

Officer in charge Discharge Depot.

O. C. J. Unit. M. H. C. C.

A. D. D.

Canadian Expeditionary Forces Discharge Certificate

Rank—Pte.

Name—Harrington, Jesse Frederick.

Unit—15th Battalion.

Address on discharge:

Care Returned Soldiers'Club, Vancouver, B. C.

His conduct and character while in the service have been: Very Good.

Campaigns: European War.

Medals and Decorations: France.

Thoughts of a Farmer

By Dr. Joseph M. Tanner

XV—Bunching Sheep

The high price of wool and mutton is engrossing the thoughts of those who are anxious to increase the supply and thereby to reduce the cost of these two important products of the live stock industry. There is a danger and a waste that I

find it constantly difficult to guard against in "running"my sheep. Many sheep are killed by bunching both in corrals and

in coulees or ravines, and the range. When sheep are crowded

they tramp down much of the feed which is thereby wasted to them. It has been found by experiment that when sheep are

allowed to scatter in enclosures that an acre will feed as many as two acres when they are herded in droves. The problem of

the industry is now becoming one of fences which the present prices and scarcity of range will justify. What is true of sheep

is likewise true of other forms of live stock, though in a lesser degree.

What about the bunching of human beings? There is likewise a danger in social life as well as a waste from the crowding of humanity. There is something of the animal instinct in

man. Witness the manner in which men, like sheep, rush headlong into speculations and investments good and bad. We

sometimes call these investments booms. Too often the "goingin"process is a boom; the outgoing process, a panic, often a

panic worse than a hundred or two hundred sheep smothered in a corral or ravine. In either case the results are disastrous.

When a boom is announced it is a good time to think of dangers and waste. The excitement produced plays upon the grouping

instincts which carry men along in droves, and they trample underfoot millions of dollars. In such a crisis it is safer to

graze along the outskirts aloof from the herded masses. Whatever gains a few may point to from bunching the masses, enormous waste and danger are certain in the herd.

Fencing humanity is impossible. Men will have their free

agency, and their socalled freedom is often more ruinous than animal instinct. A woven wire fence will not hold men. They

break down the safe enclosure and take their chances. They

are restless and always in a hurry. The modern business world

814 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is in a rush. The wise shepherds of finance may cry out, "go

slow."They are not heard, and humanity is in want of a shepherd's dog to round it up. The bark of disaster rarely brings a

halt. Nothing but a panic will scatter wild droves of men. The

rich pasture and nourishing foliage which nature has provided have been so wasted that long periods of time are required for restitution.

In the distribution of population the same mass instinct appears. People rush to the cities. One goes because another

has gone. Many harbor the delusion that they must be in the

crowds to be happy. They really lose their freedom both of

thought and action. They substitute instinct for reason and

deliberation. They are all acting very much alike. They tumble

over the banks of the coulees together. Places of allurement

are provided because it is easier to allure masses than individuals. Bunching invites disease, mental lethargy, and endangers moral standing.

The waste in city life is appalling. The young man when

he leaves his rural life for the city is dazed by the thought of higher wages. In the new life to which he aspires he does not

count the waste both of energy and money. His outlay is not

measured by his actual needs, but by the standard of living which massed industry sets up for him to follow. He loses in a

large measure his identity, his individuality and initiative. At

home he might be a bell wether, in the city he is just "sheep."

M. I. A. Reading Course Books, 19181919

Points for reading are given from June 1, 1918, and should be credited in October. The spare hours of summer in the home, on the farm, in the

mountains, are precious moments in which to read and should be taken advantage of by all members of our organization.

Voice of Warning—35c; by mail, 35c.

Kings in Exile—Roberts, 75c; by mail, 85c.

Uncle Sam's Boys at War—Austin, $1.00; by mail, $1.10.

The Major—Connor, $1.40; by mail, $1.50.

Abraliam Lincoln—Gordy, 75c; by mail, 85c.

Heroines of Service—Parkman, $1.35; by mail, $1.45.

Love and the Light—Whitney, $1.25; by mail, $1.25.

Man of Tomorrow—Richards, $1.00; by mail, $1.10.

Job—10c; by mail, 10c.

If bought singly, all of the books will cost $8.55. If the full set is purchased, the cost will be $8.25.

Special. If you buy the full set, and cash is sent with the order, the

complete set for $7.95 postpaid, at the Deseret News or Sunday School

Union Book Stores, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Testimonyof a Japanese Member of the

Church

By G. Inonye

[This testimony of a Japanese member of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints is sent to the Improvement Era by Elder Val. W. Palmer,

who is at present one of the three elders laboring at Osaka, Japan. The

author is quite proficient in English and is a recent convert to the Church, and is an employee of one of the city offices and an earnest seeker after truth. The letter is written in his own hand and in his own quaint construction. He studied the teachings of several of the Christian denominations at Osaka but, as he said, he "could not feel satisfied, and faith would

not appear."He found, however, what he wanted in the revealed word of

God; and after an earnest and humble investigation, he applied for baptism

and was duly granted that blessing. He has been diligent indeed, since that

time, we are told, in his study of the gospel, and in the promulgation thereof to his fellow countrymen. We are sure our readers will peruse this testimony with great interest, and with us wish our new brother power to endure

in faith to the end. Editors.]

My Dear Editor: I am happy to be able to express my consideration for the beneficial service of great America through the

name of Jesus Christ, and it is a blessing to me, at least, to be able to express my consideration for other nations, even at this young age; and I believe it is not profitless to inform the distant

Saints of this aid of foreigners. For persons who will have residence at Zion in the coming future will probably have some

curiosity as to Japanese opinions about the doctrine of "Mormonism."The people of your continent should have heard or

read concerning the condition of Japan, but yet I believe it is interesting to Americans to know how a Japanese can believe the

God of the Latterday Saints, and how he can continue his service in his society as a faithful servant of God.

it Now we are told Japan might send troops to Siberia, and is said that is a movement in favor of both Japan and allies. It

is freqently discussed in newspapers, that is, how can the allies rely on the confidence of Japan in order to establish peace in the

Orient; but I think that we could better understand this topic,

with more or less clarity, concerning the subject of the peace of the world were we better able to comprehend the Japanese ability to understand God; and at such an age, I think it is most

necessary to understand or investigate Japanese capacity to believe God, because I know those who can understand, or can believe God, can understand all things, even the peace of the 816 IMPROVEMENT ERA

world. I think at this point that all the people of the world

should comprehend and believe the message sent from the heavens by God; and the dreadful misfortune of the world today

must have come by not knowing the message from the heavens.

I think there are no greater blessings than to be faithful to God and comprehend each other.

I have not had much experience as a Saint of this Church, having been a member only for the past five months. Before I

received baptism at Osaka I did not know the teaching or influence of God. Of course, it is a blessing to be able to search for

the light of life and know that I can go forward in the unknown future only by the help of God, and my experience until I became a believer of God is a most interesting part to the person

The author and three elders laboring in Nipon who has been born in a country where they live by Christianity.

The Japanese spirit is filled up with ancient Confucius doctrine on one side, and on the other side is extended Buddha's doctrine, and both have been imprinted on the minds of all the nation. The socalled "Bushids"of Japan is, of course, the

foundation stone of Japanese spirit, but that was produced only since the middle epoch of Japan, mixing Confucius doctrine and "Yamato damashi"(national mind of Japan). Then this Japanese thought is based on the realism of Confucius and the peace

of mind of Buddha, and both thoughts have penetrated into the mind of all the nation, even corroding it. Then the original

Japanese thought (until becoming a believer in God) is a little

TESTIMONY OP A JAPANESE 81?

different to American or European ideas and has a different starting point.

Some men advocate that the Japanese have capacity to comprehend life's meaning easier by the theories of philosophy than by the love of Christ. Of course, I don't believe such prejudice,

but such certainly is the inclination of Japanese thought generally. Then the propagandist, especially of a foreign country,

must understand that there are different conditions concerning the growing man in Japan.

I have always tried to explain my skepticism only by reasoning powers, but I felt the gradual increasing of sin, and I felt the increasing suffering of a sinner until, finally, I have been convinced that man is weak and I have often said so with a powerful testimony. I know this Church is right; I can honestly believe

that the Prophet Joseph Smith was a most marvelous man, and

I could discover the truth only by his leading; and I believe this

Church will be prosperous in the coming future.

be faithful to God, all Saints in America! Even I, a Japanese, am hoping to struggle in the favor of God as a faithful

servant, and will seek the truth always.

I remain, with respect, your brother,

G. Inonye.

Osaka, Japan

Sagebrush

A ha green upon the desert floor

Which shimmering dips to meet the Inland Sea.

The trunks and branches, rough and bent, but free,

Are guardians of a kingdom evermore.

Here drowsy chippy comes, when night doth lower;

The branches shield the hare a hawk did see;

Upon the twigs swing cradles of the bee

In the pungent leaves, the grouse has food in store.

The wearied Redskin rests beneath its shade,

While waiting for its wood to roast his game

Then, with its bark, he builds a rough, soft bed.

The pioneers come, lean, eager, unafraid;

With ax and plow the desert lands they tame.

The sagebrush goes and a nation grows instead.

J. S. Stanford.

Are Men Created Equal?

Individualism is Eternal

By Dr. James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

Democracy holds as a distinguishing and fundamental principle the recognition of individual rights and privileges. The

living units of a democratic system are citzens, not subjects. Before the law, so far as it be administered in justice, all citizens

are on a plane of equality. In the exercise of the elective franchise, for example, the ballot of the poor man, the unscholarly,

the weak, sick or maimed, counts just as much as that of the millionaire, the university graduate, or the athlete. All this is

inherent in democracy as a political system. If, through corrupt

administration a citizen suffers deprivation of his rights, the fault, grievous though it be, is not chargeable to the system but to the officials who have misused the authority delegated to them.

In this sense it is affirmed in the Declaration of Independence, as the first of the truths therein set forth as selfevident, and as assuring to all their inalienable rights "that all men are created equaF'; and in this sense the affirmation is irrefutable.

No other foundation could support a stable structure of government by the people.

But it is manifest folly to carry this conception of the legal equality of citizenship to the extreme of assuming that all men are alike in capacity, ability, or power. As long as mankind

live in communities there will be leaders and followers, men of prominence, and of necessity others who are relatively obscure, men of energy and idlers, and consequently masters and servants.

Doubtless much of the existing disparity among men, such as the inequitable distribution of wealth, the unrighteous acquisition of power and its iniquitous exercise, is in pernicious—evil

the sight of God and ominously wrong under the laws of man.

Nevertheless, attempts to right such wrongs by illegal force, and to establish a false equality by promiscuously taking from one to give to another tend toward disruption and anarchy.

We are confronted by this profound fact: Individualism is

an attribute of the soul, and as truly eternal as the soul itself.

(1) In the unembodied, preexistent or antemortal state, we were decidedly unequal in capacity and power.

(2) We know we are not equal here in the world of mortals.

(3) Assuredly we shall not be equal after death, either in the intermediate state of disembodiment or beyond the resurrection.

We read that Jeremiah was chosen from among his fellows

ARE MEN CREATED EQUAL? 819

and ordained before he was born to be a prophet unto the nations (Jer. 1:5); and a similar foreordination is indicated by

Isaiah (49:1,5). Abraham definitely avers that among the unembodied spirits there were differences, some were noble and

great and others less adapted to the duties of rulership: "Now the

Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were

many of the noble and great ones; And God saw these souls that

they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said:

These I will make my rulers"(Pearl of Great Price, p. 6566).

The God of spirits recognized particular qualifications in some, and selected them to be leaders among men. Let us not

assume that the "rulers"thus divinely chosen are necessarily those whom men would later elect to be their leaders. Many of

God's great ones have been and are counted among the despised of earth. So it was with the Christ Himself, and so with many

of His prophets, apostles and revelators unto mankind.

Born into the flesh with diverse capacities, subjected here to varied environment, which may be favorable or opposed to the development of inherent tendencies toward either good or evil, we as a race are creatures of disparity, inequality, and heterogeneous circumstance. But all color of injustice disappears

in the light of assurance that, in the judgment of souls, every condition shall be weighed in the accurate balances of Justice and Mercy. equal But what of the hereafter—shall we not be made

there? Not in the sense that our individuality shall be subverted or radically changed. We shall find beyond more gradations in society than we have ever known on earth. But the

basis of classification will be essentially different. Here we are

wealth, learning, politicalrated according to what we have—of

or other influence due to circumstance; there we shall find our

place according to what we really are.

Ponder the significance of our Lord's assurance of the "many mansions"in the Father's kingdom (John 14:1-3), and

consider Paul's summary of varied glories (1 Cor. 15:4041).

Through later Scripture we are told of distinct kingdoms or worlds of graded order, comparable to the sun, moon, and stars respectively. There are the Celestial, the Terrestrial, and

the Telestial kingdoms, in which the souls of men shall abide and serve as their attainments in righteousness or their disqualification through sin shall determine. Concerning the inhabitants of the Telestial world, the lowest of the specified kingdoms of glory, we read: ''For they shall be judged according to

their works, and every man shall receive according to his own works, his own dominion, in the mansions which are prepared."

(Doctrine and Covenants 76:111).

July 4, 1918

On January 15, 1215, at Runnymeade, on the Thames,

England, was wrested by the Barons from King John,

Magna Charta; on July Fourth, 1776, at Faneuil Hall, Boston, Massachusetts, was signed, by the Congress of the

United States assembled, the Declaration of Independence;

on July 14, 1789, after the burning speech of Camille Desmoulins, fell that hated stronghold of Feudal despotism, the Bastile. Tremendous events!

On Nov. 19, 1863, Abraham Lincoln, the Martyr President, made an immortal speech on the Field of Gettysburg.

England, France, tKe United States of America, each made their struggle for Liberty, the Rights of man. Now, side

by side, they battle in the same great cause. That for

which Washington fought, for which Lincoln yielded up his life, is being tested upon the bloodstained ground of

Europe. It is no longer a question of the liberties of the

people of any one nation, but a question of the liberty of the world.

Never, then, since that July 4, 1776, has our country, not even during the great Civil War, confronted so momentous, so vast an issue, as on this Fourth of July, 1918.

The question of the ages, the Liberty of Man, Democracy versus Autocracy, is placed before us in most frightful manner. Millions of lives have been sacrificed, untold

treasure. And yet the end is not in sight. The highest

and noblest, the most base and terrible of the passions of men have been aroused. The mind, the very soul of human beings, have been exalted or appalled at deeds of heroism, or of those which seem to place men as lower than

the beasts. The ideal has been laughed to scorn, the very

framework of civilization assailed, justice, truth beaten to the ground. And yet, out of the blackness, the terror of

these shadows, has come a light! The mind of man may

sink to the depths, but it will rise to the heights. The soul

may be devilish with cruelty, but it can be angelic with sympathy, the cowardice of malevolence can be met with the humanity of fortitude.

On this anniversary of the founding of the Great Nation of Freedom and of equal rights to all, on this Fourth of July, 1918, let us look forward with hope and determination that right shall win, and that from "these crimson seas of war"shall yet come a glorious Brotherhood of Man, a Federation of the World.

Alfred Lambourne.

[EDITORS* TABLE

In the Foreground of Fundamental Things

While the representatives and members of the M. I. A. were

disappointed in not having the privilege of listening to a speech from Assistant Superintendent B. H. Roberts, at the annual Conference on June 9, as anticipated, they did hear from him by

letter which was read by President Heber J. Grant. His communication, full of sound doctrine, patriotic fervor, comfort and

good cheer, follows in full. M. I. A. workers, the Latterday

Saints and the people generally will be glad to read and contemplate his refreshing epistle:

Field Camp, June 6, 1918.

President Heber J. Grant,

My dear Brother Heber: You will perhaps realize in part

my very great disappointment conveyed to you in the dispatch 1 have just sent informing you of the fact that my application for furlough to attend the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. conference in

Salt Lake City was denied by Divisional Headquarters of this cantonment, to whose decision, we, of course, cheerfully and respectfully submit, no matter what our personal disappointment may be.

I had desired almost above all other things the opportunity to have addressed myself to the Latterday Saints of Utah and the surrounding states through your conference, and, for matter of that, to all our citizens of that region.

I should like to have reported myself at the School for Chaplains and Approved Chaplain* Candidates, recently closed at

Camp Zachary Taylor, and from which I have just returned to this Kearny. point—Camp

I should like very much to have reported the 145th Field

Artillery (1st Utah), after having had an opportunity of putting them in contrast with the thirty odd thousand men I had the privilege of observing at Camp Taylor and other camps along the route of my return journey. You may be sure that, in my

judgment, our Utah regiment, and all our men of the West, did not suffer by that comparison.

I think it must be the larger outdoor life of the West that gives the youth of the West a shade the better of it in physical 822 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and healthful appearance. But everywhere, and wherever one

meets them, east or west, north or south, one feels that he has the right to be proud of the splendid young manhood of America, going forth in our armies to fight in the cause of human freefor our intermountaindom. It is high honor for us—I mean

in all thisstates, and for the membership of our Church,—that

regimentgreat American host there is no group of men—no

that gives promise of greater soldierly menqualities—physical,

tal, moral, or courageous qualities, than the 145th Field Artillery. And of this regiment, previous to the late draft made upon

it for overseas duty (the census was made just a few days before this regiment,I left for the School of Chaplains, in April)—of

then numbering 1,313 men, 1,016 announced themselves as members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

I did desired, very keenly, to discuss at the conference the present status of the world's great war, its relationship to the fulfilment of many and various predictions of our great prophet of the New Dispensation; our own great Nation's part in the war,

and its worthiness to be, as doubtless it will be, God's instrument in determining the issues of this great conflict, and preparing the way for the incoming kingdom of peace wherein dwelleth righteousness, when the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ, and he shall reign forever and ever.

I did desire, and very keenly desired, to point out to those at home, as well as to those enlisted in the army, that the important thing is to keep thought and action fixed upon the great fundamental things. Fortunately these are not many in numbers, and not difficult to understand. About them there can be

little question.

In the foreground of these fundamental things is a sound faith in God: in God as Creator of heaven and earth, and

especially as the Father andof all things that in them are,—and

God of the children of men. Also to be held and worshiped as

the sustaining Power of all that is in heaven and earth; the vital

Spirit and causeForce, also, in and through all things—the very

lightof life; the Intelligence—inspiring Power—"the Light that

eth every man that cometh into the world;"and above all the

LovePower of the universe, the Love that was manifested in that, "God so loved the world, that he gave his Only Begotten

Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."

After this faith, then "still stands God's ancient sacrifice the upright heart and pure.""Who shall ascend the mountain

of the Lord? He that hath clean hands and a pure heart."

"Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God."

EDITORS'TABLE 823

in Still stands, also, God's ancient law—the law written

stone by the finger of God, and given to Moses—The Ten Commandments, not abrogated, but reinforced and emphasized by

the new form given to them by the teaching of the Christ—both

old and new forms remaining.

Still also stands the gospel of Jesus Christ among fundaits moremental things—the power of God unto salvation—with

than hope of eternal life which "God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began."More than hope? Yea, verily!

With its assurance of eternal life to those who believe and obey the same.

Stands, also, with all these fundamental things, the justice of our cause in this world's great conflict—the maintenance of

human freedom; the perservation of civilization itself; the upholding of a reign of justice and honor among the nations of the

earth, as against a reign of brute force; the maintenance of the

community conception of life, as against the jungle conception rule of might irrespective of right.of life—the

To discuss these things and many others, in some detail, was my hope, now dashed to the ground. But I submit to the decision of my commanders in the matter of my furlough, in the

spirit of a good and true soldier; and I shall comfort myself with

the reflection that from among the many more worthy sons of our great organization, one or more will be found who will more profitably occupy the time and the attention of the great congregation that will be gathered in the Tabernacle on Sunday night. Meantime, I shall strive that night to be with you in

spirit. I shall recall the great good achieved by the organization

with which I have been so long associated, and in which I have found so large an opportunity for service.

bless the Young That night, I shall in my prayer say—God

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations of

Zion, with all the other auxiliary organizations. God bless their

officers. Especially, Lord, bless thy servant President Joseph

F. Smith, thy prophet, seer and revelator to thy Church, and the

General Superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. Grant to him freedom from physical pain

and suffering, may his days be full of peace, and his life receive a fulness of joy; and preserve him, Lord, unto thy people.

Bless, I pray thee, Brother Heber J. Grant, my fellow yokeman

in the General Superintendency, whom I love, and who has ministered unto my soul, and always sought my salvation; whose

reproofs have been the reproofs of a brother and friend, now through many years, and whose hand has always been stretched out to help when the days were dark, and the way seemed closed bless him for ever!up—God

824 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And so all the brethren of the General Board, and the sisters of the Young Ladies'General Board, bless them. And bless all

Israel in all their abiding places, and hasten their deliverance everywhere. And, Lord, may thy kingdom come, and thy will

be done in earth as in heaven; for thine, indeed, is the kingdom,

and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen

Truly your brother, Brigham H. Roberts,

Lt. and Chaplain 145th F. A. (1st Utah).

NationWide Prohibition

The Mutual Improvement Associations placed themselves at the front of western organizations, as advocates of nationwide prohibition, when, in 1916, they unanimously adopted, at the annual conference in June, the slogan:

We Stand for Stateand Nationwide Prohibition

The State has come, and the Nation will follow. Hence,

when the National Dry Federation suggested to President Heber

J. Grant as chairman of the Betterment League to interest this

state and her various organizations further in the subject, he took the lead and presented the resolution which follows to the conference of the M. I. A. on Sunday, June 9. Before doing so,

he read to the large audience the following declaration and facts prepared by the Federation:

"All our allied forces for good are aligning themselves for the battle against liquor, so that on or before July 4, anniversary of another inspired fight for freedom, there shall go to the halls of Congress more than 250,000 telegrams urging, pleading, demanding interdiction of intoxicants while men die and women are in agony for an ideal.

"Victory will come to this land not so much by bullets as by bread. The cataclysmic conflict overseas will be won not alone

by the sword but by the sheaf. The war will not be won by a

whim of fate but by the side which saves most.

"In substantiation, the National Dry Federation presents these facts:

"While babes die and frail mothers and valiant men cry feebly for bread on the ensanguined fields of Europe, more than 52,000,000 bushels of grain are wasted annually in the United

States in the manufacture of liquor.

"While the earth cries aloud for surcease, and the light of life is denied myriads of men, millions of bushels of grain are

EDITORS'TABLE 825

sent to distilleries and brewers in Europe to form the dregs of the cup of sorrow that runneth over.

"More than 70,000 soldiers recently were recalled from the

British front to take the places, in munitions works, of drunken men. "Brewers in the United States use enough grain annually to make 5,000,000 loaves of bread daily.

"Reports by the Interstate Commerce Commissions, for 1914, show that more than 500,000 freight cars were used to haul almost 8,000,000 tons of liquor. Later reports show almost similar conditions. This, when the world looks to the United States

for the salvation of humanity.

"In 1917 the liquor traffic wasted more than 7,000,000,000 pounds of foodstuffs. In 1917 the liquor traffic wasted the work

of 300,000 men. In 1917 the liquor traffic wasted millions in

money, while other millions of men sweated and gave up their lives for all that humanity holds dear.

"More than $2,000,000,000 are spent annually in the saloons of the United States and more than $2,000,000,000 additional are lost by inefficiency due to drink.

"In 1917 brewers of the United States wasted more than 3,000,000 tons of coal. And then came the order for heatless

Mondays. "Almost 66,000 persons die in the United States yearly from the direct effects of liquor; several times as many die from

disease indirectly due to drink.

"In all the world last year more persons died because of drink than were slain in battle on the English and French lines.

This is proved by data of insurance companies of Britain and the United States.

"Unless the government in Washington heeds the overwhelming cry for prohibition during the war, it doubtless will demand more heatless days, lightless nights, wheatless days, meatless days, short bread rations, scanty food portions among the poor, while there will be more food and fuel riots, with an increase of idleness and crime.

"We ask all interested individuals to send three telegraphic of the United States senmessages to Washington—one to each

ators and one to the representative of the congressional district demanding prohibition during the war. Every organization,

religious, social, civic, philanthropic, industrial, commercial, fraternal, educational, every coordinated activity of life is urged to send similar telegrams."

President Grant then presented the resolution, first explaining that one telegram in behalf of our whole membership of about 80,000 young men and women would be sent to our sen-

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ators and representatives in Congress, expressing the desire of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. wherever organized for nationwide

prohibition, not only for the duration of the war but forever

Resolution

Whereas, approximately one hundred million bushels of cereals are used annually for the manufacture of alcohol, thereby diverting the grain from use as a food product that is of inestimable value to a use which has proven to be of incalculable detriment to the people now engaged in war; therefore,

Be it resolved, that we urgently request Congress to enact legislation which shall prohibit the use of cereals for the purposes of manufacturing alcoholic beverages.

The resolution was unanimously adopted.

Messages from the Missions

In the Hills of Alabama

Elder Ashael Allen of the Alabama conference sends the following picture taken on the 10th of March at De Funiak Springs, Florida. "The elders

are all stalwart workers in the cause. Left to right, Carl B. Preece, Vernal;

Hay Morrill, Kingston; William G. Piatt, Kanarraville, all of Utah; Ray

Fuller, Pine, Arizona; Anion Bartholomew, North Ogden; Joseph C. Leavitt, Pine Ariz.; Arthur Hendricksen, Salt Lake City; Ashael Allen, Chandler, Ariz. They are all blessed with physical, mental and spiritual qualifications for the work in which they are engaged, and are seeking with

energy to deliver the message of the Lord to the lost sheep of the house of

Israel in the Alabama hills. Their aim is to search out the honest in heart,

and give every one a chance to hear the gospel of Jesus Christ, which is the power of God unto salvation."

EDITORS'TABLE 827

The Work in Ireland

Writing from Belfast, Ireland, Dec. 21, 1917, Elder Sydney L. Wyatt

says: "We, missionaries laboring in the 'Emerald Isle', extend our greetings

to the Saints in Zion and to our fellow workers throughout our Lord's vineyard. One of the most successful years of the Irish conference is just

closing. We are pleased to report

a double increase in baptisms over 1916, and 200 per cent increase over the year 1915. When one

takes into consideration the fact ':that we have only three elders 3

from Zion now when, before thewar, there were as many as thirty, 4 resultsthe very interesting. become

are reaping the har- * doubt weNovest of work done by laborers be- 7 fore us. Then, too, we have twelvelady missionaries who aid in diswr

tributing tracts and in bringing in- i vestigators to our meetings. The

local brethren also assist in preaching the gospel to strangers and in teaching the Saints. Our meetings

are exceptionally well attended, especially by investigators, many of "*whom have been brought to our si i halls by hearing the gospel preach- *4f ed at our street meetings. This war

is causing a certain class of people I IBIPP'fSClJ'*'ll ml JF i to think soberly and search for L j* 7 V something in religion more stable than is offered by manmade creeds; but, as a whole, the people seem to

be fulfilling the words of our Savior when he said, 'As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of Man.'Nevertheless,

we are encouraged by the fact that the Lord is gathering more into his fold than were to be obtained in the days of Noah. The elders of the Irish

conference, left to right: Joseph H. Ririe, Ririe; Alma Moss, Antelope,

Idaho; conference president, Sidney L. Wyatt, Wellsville, Utah."

School Work in Tonga

The Latterday Saints school work in Tonga, Friendly Islands, forms a working basis for our missionary work here. It affords a channel through

which we can reach the people by creating an interest, through their children, in the work that we desire to do for them. The "tanaki tuuga,"or examination of the various schools is a great factor for bringing out the people

to witness the little acts or dialogues called "faiva's"that are carefully prepared for the occasion. Some people may wonder at our laying so much

stress on our teaching school; but a few facts of the history of our missionary work here will suffice on this point:

About 1893, some six or eight elders were sent here to the Tongan

Islands to preach the gospel to this people. They traveled two by two,

preaching in the villages where they could procure houses. By this method

during the eight years the elders were here, they baptized only three people.

The work here was then abandoned for the time being; but when it was

828 IMPROVEMENT ERA

again started under the direction of the Samoan Mission, the elders were instructed to teach English in schools and try and get out among the people as best they could. The result has been that now the Islands are under a

separate mission president and the work growing very rapidly. It is estimated that seventyfive per cent of the children who attend these schools

eventually join with us, and the others always have a warm spot for the

Lord's work here. The school represented in this picture is being conducted

in Houma, being established here in September, 1917. There are also

shown a few children from the Faahefa school. At the left of the picture

is Elder Elmer Fullmer, Abraham, Utah, and standing on the right is Elder ducted.—ElderFrancis L. Clark,CharlesEden,J. Utah,Langston.under whose direction the school is con-

A Spirit of Brotherly Love Elder L. D. Wilde, Columbia, S. C, May 13: The elders here are few

in numbers and range in years from 17 to 24. We rejoice in the work of

the Lord, are united, and a spirit of brotherly love exists among us. We

are using every effort to invite all to become partakers of the true plan of salvation so that they may enjoy the gifts and blessings promised to the believers. Shortly after a recent conference we held at Columbia, one of

the attendants who is not a Latterday Saint, said: "You 'Mormons'are

different from any people I have ever seen. I have watched you very

closely, and find a spirit of brotherly love among you which I find among no other people. You all seem to be one large family."That is true; and

our religion has made us so. We are following the example of Jesus who

said, "by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love for one another."

The elders laboring here are: J. E. Deaton, local; W. G. Raymond,

Smithfield; L. N. Barber, Centerville, Utah; J. A. Hancock, Eden, Ariz.;

J. S. Wade, Stone, Idaho; W. A. Silver, Salt Lake City; D. E. Arave, Shelley,

Idaho; F. B. Hansen, Salt Lake City; J. L. Hancock, Eden, Ariz.; L. D.

Wilde, Croydon, Utah; President Evan J. Larson, Snowflake, Ariz.; T. C.

Sutton, Salt Lake City; J. H. Sparks, Dingle; D. N. Hansen, Teton, Idaho;

J. H. Smart, Roosevelt, Utah.

EDITORS'TABLE 829

Many Books Sold Group of Elders of the North Carolina Conference of the Southern

States Mission: Back row, left to right: M. C. Wiser, Lewiston; C. L.

Singleton, Hooper; J. E. Rich, Ogden; C. F. Gardner, Pine Valley, Utah;

W. Mouritsen, Bennington, Idaho; J. Evans, Ogden; W. A. Bowler, Shelley,

Idaho. Center row: C. J. "White, Teton, Idaho; G. A. Bean, LaGrande,

Oregon; incoming president, J. M. Stephens, Jr., Ogden; retiring president,

W. T. Bailey, Idaho Falls, Idaho; H. Blackburn, Penrose, Wyo.; E. B.

Allred, Boise, Idaho. Front row: J. I. Huskinson, Teton, Idaho; H. R.

Pond, Lewiston; W. R. Evans, Boneta; W. C. Wald, Morgan, Utah. Elder

J. M. Stephens, Jr., writes: "We feel that during the past year we have

accomplished much in proclaiming the truth in this part of the Lord's vineyard. We have sold 751 Books of Mormon, 8,885 small books, 65 standard

Church works, have distributed 145,740 tracts, and held 1,487 meetings, during the year of 1917. We have also baptized 87 people into the fold of

Christ."

Elders Before a Y. M. A. in Japan

J. Ray Stoddard writes from 4 Tachibana Cho, Kofu Shi, Yamanashi

Ken, Japan, as follows: "Having been invited to lecture at the Asakami

village's young men's association, we gladly accepted. Soon after Sunday

school exercises were completed, on the morning of May 5, we went by train, about onehalf of the way on our journey. A horsecarriage took us

along another portion of the way, but as the road became more narrow and rough we proceeded to walk the last quarter of the distance. By the aid

of our guide, we followed one of the several narrow trails through the gardenlike fields and beautiful naturecolored mountains; and at 3 p. m.

arrived at the pretty little mountain village. Here we were greeted, enter830 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tained and fed by the highest officials of the place. A few minutes later

we found ourselves on reserved seats before an audience of old, middle aged and young, numbering seven hundred and fifty souls.

"Three long breaths were taken on the safetyfirst plan, as Mr. I. Hara, a

native, gave a stirring introductory speech which was followed with vocal music by elders and applause from the house. Elder Bryan L. Wright next

favored the audience with a fifteenminute, well rendered native tongue lecture on the subject, 'The Physical Man,'which was greatly enjoyed by all present; next Elder Jos. S. Pyne spoke English for some ten minutes, on

'The Word of Wisdom;'this being given in a foreign tongue, was a source

of pleasure and quite a novelty, as a large number of those assembled had never before heard a foreign language spoken. As the applause silenced

Elder J. Ray Stoddard translated into more understandable terms the previously rendered sermon. Instrumental music by Elder Wright occupied a

few minutes, followed by Elder Stoddard with a twentyminute talk on 'The

Mental Man.'Some closing remarks by one of the town officials ended the

meeting.

"This kodak picture is of one of the two Sunday schools of this branch.

Elders, left to right: Jos. S. Pyne, Provo; Conference President J. Ray Stoddard, Richmond; Bryan L. Wright, Ogden, Utah."

"We were next entertained at a table social gathering, one hundred members of the Young Men's association present; refreshments, congratulations,

and also questions pertaining to our homes, cities, states, country and our first impressions of Japan came pouring in a good deal more rapidly than they could be taken care of. This meeting closed with more thanks, and

an invitation to come again; then we were escorted, by three gentlemen, to

a larger town hotel where we again received nourishment. Later we went

viewing the sights of the children's festival; an arrangement and care of dolls

for the girls, intended to instil into their lives the importance of virtuous motherhood. For the boys, large paper or clothmade fish floating in the

EDITORS'TABLE 831

breeze from the tops of tall flagpoles, representing fish going against the current, this to encourage the boys to work diligently even if, at times, odds are against them.

"In larger towns and cities two celebrations are held, one for the girls and the other for the boys; however, in small country places they are often

combined. "The gentlemen remained with us the entire evening and on the following morning paid all expenses and escorted us a few miles on our homeward journey.

"As was previously stated, we were invited to lecture; no subjects were

suggested to us; however, we were informed that no church doctrine of

any kind would be allowed, as the building in which the meeting was to be held, was a government school building, and the school laws were to that effect. Realization came to us, however, that if any beneficial topic whatsoever be discussed it would of necessity be a portion of our Church doctrine, therefore we proceeded to discuss the subjects before mentioned.

"I am thankful to be a member and an ambassador of a Church whose doctrines include all goodness and all truth. It is a religion for every occasion, and although at times we may not be allowed the privilege of applying

the name, yet it is the truth of the gospel of Christ:

"'We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men, indeed we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul, 'We believe all things, we hope all things.'We

have endured many things and hope to be able to endure all things.

If there is anything virtuous, lovely or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.'

Conditions in Sweden

Writing from the Norrkoping conference, Sweden, Verner L. Stromberg, Salt Lake City, John W. Carlson, Logan, and Peter Anderson, Salt

Lake City, president of the conference, send their greetings to friends at home and to readers of the Era:

"Under the disturbed conditions caused by the war, the Era is indeed a true friend, and we are always anxious to get it. The g;>od spirit and influence which it radiates is a great!

encouragement to us. The war has

reduced the number of elders in this conference to three. We have two

active branches and a Sunday School, public services are held regularly with good attendance of Saints and friends.

Notwithstanding our isolation, we feel that the Lord has blessed us. We

have seen the fruits of our labors, in connection with those of the elders who preceded us, and prospects for the work seem bright. The government has fixed the maximum price

upon all food products, and these are all controlled by the government.

This action gives the poorer people a fairer chance for existence."

MUTUAL WORK

Plan for Summer Workj Suggesive Programs for Sunday Evening Joint Sessions and for

Special M. I. A. Gatherings or Rallies

THIRTEEN Sunday Evening Joint Session, August 4

General Subject: "Religious Forces that Have Influenced Nations."

Great Migrations 1. Opening hymn, "Israel, Israel, God is Calling."

Prayer. 3. "The Pilgrims'Chorus"(From Afar, Gracious Lord, S. S. Song Book).

4. Great Migrations.

a. The Exodus from Egypt.

b. Coming of the Pilgrim Fathers.

c. Journey of Modern Israel to the Rocky Mountains.

5. Readings, "The Breaking Waves Dashed High,"by Mrs. Hemans; or

"The Utah Pioneers"(See Young Woman's Journal, July, 1917; Era,

July, 1916).

6. Closing hymn, "Come, Come, Ye Saints."

FOURTEEN Patriotic Rally or Special Gathering, Tuesday Evening, August 13

General Subject: "Our Allies."

Italy

1. Opening song, "Land of the Free."i

2. Prayer. 3. Song, "Santa Lucia."

4. Our Ally, Italy.

a. Italy'6 part in the great war.

b. Great Italian leaders.

c. Display and explanation of the flag.

5. Reading, "To the Young Men of Italy"(See "Battle Line of Democracy""p. 132).

6. Song, "Juanita."

7. Mixed quartet, "O, Italia, Italia Beloved."

FIFTEEN Patriotic Rally or Special Gathering, Tuesday Evening, August 27

General Subject: "National Efficiency."

The Nation In Arms 1. Opening hymn, "Star Spangled Banner."

2. Prayer. 3. Songs of Home and Country. j

a. "Meaning of the U. S. A,,"

MUTUAL WORK 833

b. "Old Folks at Home."

c. "Dixie."

"The Nation in Arms"(See No. 2, "War Information Series").

a. America's answer to the call.

b. Value of army discipline.

c. The home army.

Reading, "The Meaning of the Flag"(See "Battle Line of Democracy,''p. 37).

Closing song, "The Flag Without a Stain."

Annual Report of M. I. A. Scouts, Year Ending May 31, 1918

Troops registered 183, an increase of 27; scout masters registered, 183,

an increase of 27; assistant scout masters registered, 158, an increase of 2.

Scouts registered, 3,705, an increase of 744; number, of scouts doing scout

work but not registered, 2,162, an increase of 662; total number of scouts,

registered and unregistered, 5,867.

There are 16 stakes with no registered scouts, a decrease from last year of 10. Out of these 16 stakes, only five are doing no scout work. There

are three stakes in the Church that have not had registered scouts during the past five years. We have 22 registered scouts in Chicago, and 14 in

Bisbee, not included in the above total of registered troops. The yearly

report of the National Organization show that there are more scouts in

Utah, in proportion to the population, than in any other state. This has

been the case during the past five years, the number being one scout to

?* IS If tf

v JHJeI -'JIB 1 1 'W"lH Ci 4MB;

* i UF s*'

*m> \ ''X ''JrW W -* "***|3Hjt: M [ w.

J wmmm m * -, -* KRKwEMKm

Scouts Gathering Books to be Sent to the Soldiers

every 137 people. The nearest to Utah is Connecticut, with 147 scouts;

Idaho is the third state, with 178. Nearly onehalf of the registered boys in

Idaho are M. I. A. Scouts. In Utah we have 46 college men, 51 high school

men, and 29 men with grammar school education, acting as scout officials.

We have 46 married scout masters, with boys of their own, and 42 married 6COUt masters with no boys, and 40 officials who are single.

The Scoutmasters'Association of Salt Lake City is doing a splendid 834 IMPROVEMENT ERA

work. They meet regularly twice a month, and the attendance has been

good during the year. It gives the new men a chance to get acquainted

with the scout program. The Honor Committee connected with the association meets regularly once a month. This committee is quite an incentive

for the boys to advance through the different grades. Scout masters generally are now sending their boys to this Honor Committee.for examinations. The Scoutmasters'Association at Ogden has been reorganized....

In Salt Lake the scouts are used very often by city officials in doing special work, such as holding the lines during the parades, acting as ushers for public functions, and other work that the Mayor has especially asked them to perform. The scouts did excellent work in the Liberty Loan Campaigns as well as in the Thrift Stamp Campaign and in the distribution of

government literature. During these war times the scouts, throughout Utah,

have been asked to take part in all the different phases of war work. It is

very difficult to retain our scout masters, as the younger men are being called into the army, and it is becoming more difficult all the time to replace them. We are now making a campaign for older men to take charge of the

scout work at least during the war. In the opinion of S. A. Moffat, Field

Instructor of the National Organization, men of 35 to 40 years of age with boys of their own are the most successful leaders. Ward Scout organizations should be kept registered during these war times, if for no other reason

than a patriotic one. The government is asking the boys through the

National Organization to do very important work, but this request and the material to carry out the Government's desires come only to registered scouts. It seems to me that troops should be kept reregistered and new

troops registered, even if some of the presiding brethren in the wards have to assume temporarily the position of scout master, so that there will be a line of communication from the government to the boys. These men could

be readily replaced at any time by other men, or, at the end of the war, by the returning soldiers. Most of our stake presidents and bishops are in harmony with the scout work in a general way, but there is a lack of appreciation of the good that can be done through the organization by proper leadi

ership. The scoutmaster comes in such close touch with the boy that unless

he is a boy leader, he cannot accomplish what he should accomplish through the scout program. A man who can guide twenty or thirty boys in their

play and recreation and, while doing so, impress upon them the necessity of giving service to their Church, and living in conformity with the principles of the gospel, is doing a sufficiently valuable work that should entitled him to some relief from other ward duties

The general reports that we get from the stakes and wards are that scout work is proving a great benefit to the boys who become better boys because of their scout training.

Very truly yours, John H. Taylor,

M. I. A. Scout Commissioner.

Advanced Senior Class Study, 191819

The General Boards have decided upon the subject, "How to Lessen

Contributions to Crime,"for the Advanced Senior Class for 191819. A list

of the lessons for each month, from October, 1918, to March, 1919 inclusive are here given. The aim of the lessons, and the general plan of'procedure'

tor preparing the lessons are also noted, for the benefit of officers and teachers: MUTUAL WORK 835

How to Lessen Contributions to Crime

I. Aim of the Lessons:

(a) The awakening of universal interest in making our communities safe for righteousness.

(b) The marshaling of all our forces against the inventions of vice.

(c) The recognition of our religion as the deciding factor in the conflict.

II. Plan of Procedure in Preparing and Teaching the Lessons:

(a) Each lesson will be a treatment of a topic under the following heads: 1. A survey of the contribution of this evil to crime.

2. A survey of the forces marshaled by this evil.

3. A survey of the forces that may be marshaled against this evil.

4. The mobilizing and marshaling of the forces against this evil.

5. The plan of attack against the evil.

III. List of Lesson Topics:

1. For October. 4. For January.

1. Public Indifference. 10. Ignorance.

2. Lack and Laxity of Law. 11. Indolence.

3. The Cigarette. 12. Unrighteous Ambition.

2. For November. 5. For February.

4. Social Clique. 13. Sentimental Sanction of Sin

5. Card Playing. 14. Extravagance.

6. Public Dance. 15. Weakness of the Public Will

3. For December. 6. For March.

7. Poverty. 16. Pleasure Worship.

8. Luxury. 17. Sabbath Breaking.

9. Greed. 18. Civic Slothfulness.

Statistical Report of the Y. M. M. I. A.

From General Secretary Moroni Snow's annual statistical report of the

Y. M. M. I. A. which includes 75 stakes, it appears that there are 747 associations in the Church, an increase of 2 during the year.

The total enrollment is 33,361, an increase of 3,006 for the year 1918.

This increase is due mostly to the advanced senior classes instituted a year ago, and which have an enrollment of 3,663.

There were 16,919 enrolled in the senior classes, a decrease of 1,527.

When we consider that we have approximately 11,000 young men of the "Mormon"Church enlisted in the government service in the Great War, 6,164 of whom are members of the Y. M. M. I. A., our decrease really shows

a large increase.

In the junior classes there were 11,788 enrolled for 1918, as against 11,909 for the year before which shows a decrease of 121, the decrease being due undoubtedly, to promotion into the senior classes.

The average attendance in all classes for 1918 was 17,247, as against 16,908, for 1917, or an increase of 339.

There are 865 of our membership on missions, an increase of 201.

The record of the scouts is given in another paragraph, but from the annual report it appears that we have 2,161 doing scout work who are not registered, aside from the nearly 4,000 who are registered with the National

Organization.

The total number of members of the Y. M. M. I. A. actually taking part

in M. I. A. activities was 15,188.

836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nine hundred juniors passed the first year's course; 433, the second

year's course; and 500, the third year's course. In all these three there is

a decrease respectively of 430, 180, 156.

There were 6,189 young men who read one or more or all of the

Reading Course books which shows decrease of 1,736, a result laid also to the absence of so many of our young men in the Government service. The

Era subscriptions show an increase ever 1917 of 3,499.

There are 198 vocational counselors doing active service, an increase of 35 for the past year.

Reports have also been received from the California, Hawaiian, New

Zealand, Northern States, Samoan, and Southern States missions, showing 61 associations with a total membership of 2,508 and an average attendance of 1,555; 83 of the members are in the service of their country and 5 are

on missions. The total number of meetings held in these organizations was

2,387. Four hundred and thirty actually took part in M. I. A. activities. In

California and the Northern States there are 36 M. I. A. scouts registered

with the National Organization, and 22 doing scout work who are not registered.

The Improvement Era

The stakes named have 5% or more of their Church population as subscribers for the Era, Vol. 21:

1. Kanab 9.00 15. San Juan 5.77

2. Maricopa 8.76 16. Idaho 5.71

3. Alberta 8.57 17. St. Johns 5.64

4. Big Horn 7.83 18. Shelley 5.59

5. Uintah 7.71 19. Union 5.44

6. Raft River 7.21 20. Tintic 5.38

7. Taylor 6.87 21. Ogden 5.24

8. Cassia 6.64 22. Box Elder 5.24

9. Carbon 6.57 23. Morgan 5.14

10 Snowflake 6.50 24. Bannock 5.08

11. Deseret 6.49 25. Curlew 5.05

12. St. Joseph 6.02 26. Millard 5.03

13. Bear Lake 5.92 Total 26

14. Oneida 5.82 Last Year 14

These stakes have from four per cent to five per cent for Vol. 21.

1. Moapa 4.84 8. Hyrum 4.50

2. Yellowstone 4.81 9. San Luis 4.48

3. Blackfoot 4.79 10. Star Valley 4.48

4. No. Weber 4.78 11. Granite 4.30

5. Bingham 4.71 12. No. Davis 4.01

6. Wasatch 4.71 Total 12

7. Fremont 4.69 Last Year 11

We return thanks to all the workers and sincere appreciation for their highly prized labors. Wherever all heads of families in a ward

were visited by a spirited officer or member in the interest of the Era, the result was, "Over the Top."We hope all the stakes and wards will

try the experiment for Vol. 22, beginning Nov. 1918. Results arei sure

to follow. Start in September.

MUTUAL WORK: 837

General Fund

These stakes have paid one hundred per cent or more for the general fund of the Y. M. M. I. A.

1. Boise 151.9 11. Cassia 101.3

2. Ogden 118.3 12. Kanab 101.2

3. Curlew 115.9 13. Big Horn 100

4. St Joseph 114.8 14. Box Elder 100

5. Portneuf 111.4 15. Cache 100

6. Uintah 109.4 16. Deseret.. 100

7. Millard 107.2 17. North Davis 100

8. Blackfoot 106.6 18. Salt Lake 100

9. Idaho 104.8 19. Tintic 100

10. Maricopa 102.9 20. Yellowstone 100

We are sincerely thankful to the officers of these stakes and trust that others seeing their good work will add fifty more stakes to this list by the end of December, 1918. It will help the good work to thrive. Notice

the large stakes that are up to and above the requirement. You can do

as well.

Enrollment in the Y. M. M. I. A.

These stakes have ten per cent or more of their church population in the Y. M. M. I. A.

1. Big Horn 15.1 16. Box Elder 11.3

2. Maricopa 15.0 17. Deseret 11.3

3. Bear River 14.2 18. Raft River 11.3

4. Portneuf 13.8 19. Kanab 11.1

5. Shelley 13.6 20. Uintah 11.0

6. San Juan 13.5 21. Snowflake 10.9

7. Wayne 13.4 22. Teton 10.8

8. Cassia 13.3 23. Duchesne 10.6

9. St George 12.6 24. Millard 10.5

10. Morgan 12.1 25. South Sanpete 10.4

11. Curlew 12.0 26. Tintic 10.2

12. Oneida 11.8 27. Benson 10.1

13. Blackfoot 11.7 28. Cache 10.1

14. Hyrum 11.6 29. Union 10.0

15. Idaho j 11.5

The average of the church is 9 per cent.

The Gold Star in the Service Flag

In our service flag, a new star gleams,

Woven of all our hopes and dreams,

And contemplated by our tears For the boy's feet that marched away;

And the eager hearts are stilled today.

But Star Divine shall ever shine

To tell the world that boy of mine

Chose, with gallant courage bold,

To win for us the Star of Gold:

For he who arms at his Country's need,

Though slain in battle, lives in deed.

Maud Baggarley Bagtiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin t>ASSING EVENTS

The first shell shock victim to return to Utah is Edward Moore, a native of Utah, who enlisted in Canada, January 8, 1915. He was born in Lehi,

Utah.

The Railroad administration at Washington, May 19, approved the expenditure of $937,691,318 for additions, betterments, and new equipment for the railways of the country.

Major Raoul Lufbery, a famous American "Ace"who had destroyed eighteen enemy aeroplanes was killed on the western front May 19 in a fight with a German armored biplane.

Marine casualties among the American marines from the day of landing overseas to June 9 totaled 717, and included 106 killed in action, 553 wounded, 58 died of wounds, one missing and one prisoner.

The total subscriptions to the third Liberty Loan was reported as $4,170,019,160—an oversubscription of 39 per cent. Utah's quota was $10,-

315,000, and the subscription in round figures was $12,500,000.

An Austrian drive on the Italian front began June 17, and crucial engagements were being fought on the days following, the Italians bravely holding their positions, and inflicting heavy casualties on the enemy.

MajorGeneral Hunter L. Liggett now commands the American Forces

in the field in France, standing next to General Pershing, in rank, and will doubtless command the first American field army when it is organized.

An eclipse of the sun was witnessed on the Salt Lake meridian on the afternoon of June 8. The day was clear in Salt Lake City and thousands

ot citizens and visitors at the M. I. A. conference were privileged to witness

a phenomena of rare occurrence.

The new registration of young men who have attained the age of 21 since the former registration, shows that a grand total of 2,467 were registered June 5 in the state of Utah for military service. It was stated in the

press that there were 744,985 registrants in the whole country.

Col. Alfred Hasbrouck who has commanded the 20th Infantry at Fort

Douglas has been relieved and will proceed to Manila soon as his orders arrive. Captain J. H. Stern became post commander at the Fort on the

departure of the 20th to a concentration camp in the middle west. Information from Camp Lewis Washington, conveys the word that on June 18,

Colonel Wm. H. Jordan, 362nd Infantry, had been assigned to command the

Nova Aquila, 1918, is the name given the new star discovered June 8.

PASSING EVENTS 839

It is said to belong to the Milky Way stars, which on earth are about 4,000 light years distant.

Charles R. Wilson, Co. B, 2nd Bn. U. S. G. N. A., Fort Sam Houston,

San Antonio, Texas, writes: "I love the gospel of Jesus Christ because it

is practical, vital, true, a light in darkness, an oasis in the desert. *i love it

for its spirituality, simplicity and its blessed plan for the salvation of the divine spirit. It is a faith that has cemented closer the relationship of my

wife and children and myself. I love the people because of their noble

sacrifices for their religion."

Lloyd Burt Haight, Trenton, Cache county, Utah, was on the transport

President Lincoln when it was torpedoed, on the 31st of May, and twentythree men were lost. Mr. Haight gave his life for his country. He enlisted,

June 23, 1917, at the Salt Lake recruiting office as a landsman, and was sent to the Pacific coast to train, was then transferred to duty across the ocean.

Mr. Haight was born at Hiawatha, Utah, and leaves a widow at Trenton.

He was a painter and photographer and was twentysix years old.

The Latterday Saints school convention was held in Salt Lake City in the early part of June. Among resolutions passed was one pledging the

teachers of the Church school system to be in favor of such legislation as will provide adequate free medical attention for all children of school age so far as such medical attention is necessary for educational growth. At a

later meeting a resolution was passed unanimously by the teachers favoring legislation against the use of tobacco in the States and prohibiting its sale.

David D. Rust, representing the 85th quorum of Seventies, Kanab ward,

Kanab stake, has been awarded the Church prize of $1,000 for the greatest yield of potatoes on one acre of ground, offered by the Church in 1917. It has been verified by the officials of the Church in charge of

the contest that Mr. Rust raised 49,531 pounds of potatoes, or 825 bushels of

marketable potatoes to the acre. Prizes of $500 and $250 had been awarded

some time ago. This places Utah in the lead of the world's record for

potato growing.

Horace R. Tanner, son of Mr. and Mrs. Horace Greeley Tanner, South

Cottonwood, was drowned in an accident on the coast of Florida in early

June. He was born July 22, 1896, and was an apprentice attached to the

United States steamer Mercy. No details of the accident are given, so far.

He was a high school student, and on May 5, 1917, enlisted in the Navy, being first sent to San Francisco and then transferred to an Isolation Hospital at Las Animas, Colorado, and later to a medical college at Minneapolis, from there being transferred to the Mercy, a hospital ship. He had made

several trips to Europe.

The American Army at the front, in the latter part of May, penetrated into Cantigny, west of Montdidier, and successfully repulsed all attempts of the Germans to recapture the town, taking altogether 242 German prisoners.

The Americans occupied a front of a mile and a half. Thirtyeight officers

and men of the American Forces were cited on June 1 for gallantry in action. On the 4th the Americans broke up an attempt of the enemy to

advance through Neuilly Woods, near Chateau Thierry. These actions are

regarded as the beginning of American cooperation with the Allies on a major scale.

For military purposes, Utah was called.upon to furnish 953 men in

840 IMPROVEMENT ERA

June; 500 of these were to be sent to Camp Lewis within five days from

June 24, and 453 were to be Grammar School graduates with some experience along mechanical lines and aptitude for mechanical work who were to report to the commanding officer at the University of Utah on June 15.

These letter will receive a course of training at government expense to fit them to serve in army positions requiring knowledge of automechanics, driving, blacksmithing, carpentering, electricity, gasengine, concrete working, wireless operating, and many kinds of military service both at the front and behind the lines.

When the United States troops arrived in Britain in April, King George personally welcomed the soldiers and addressed to them a letter of welcome which reads as follows:

Windsor Castle.

Soldiers of the United States: The people of the British Isles welcome

you on your way to take your stand beside the armies of many nations now fighting in the Old World the great battle for human freedom.

The Allies will gain new heart and spirit in your company. I wish

that I could shake the hand of each one of you and bid you God speed on your mission.

George, R. I., April, 1918.

The American casualty list for June 14, contained the names of two

Idaho boys who were killed in action: Corporal George Bell, of Winchester,

and John F. Kemig, of Spalding, Idaho. Charles E. Nelson, son of Nels

Nelson, 1034 West Second North street, Salt Lake City, and Bates Bryan, of

Moutpelier, Idaho, another marine, and George Mantas, of Tooele, Utah, were all reported in the list as seriously injured. Nelson left his home in

Salt Lake City a year ago, enlisting with the marines. Mr. Kemig joined

F Company, 2nd Idaho Regiment, after his return from the Mexican border, and was later placed in the 116th engineers. His mother, Mrs. William

Steith, resides in Spalding, Idaho. The daily casualty list of the Americans

has ranged from 10 to as high as 188 per day, during the past month, the total deaths from the beginning, a year ago, to June 16, being 3,193; wounded, 4,547; missing, 346; grand total, 8,085, out of 800,000 now overseas. Our

soldiers have distinguished themselves in many belles.

Danquart Anthon Weggeland, widely known for many years as the father pf art in Utah, died in Salt Lake City, on Sunday afternoon, June 2, 1918.

He was born in Christiania, Norway, March 31, 1827, being therefore over ninetyone years of age. At twenty years of age he left his native city,

Christiania, and went to Copenhagen, studying there for three years at the

Royal Academy of Fine Arts. At the age of thirtyfour, he came to

America, remaining in New York for a year. In the fall of 1862, he came

to Utah, and was commissioned by President Brigham Young, to assist in doing the scenes and art work in the Salt Lake Theatre. He has worked

also in many of the residences of the state, and in the public buildings. In

history and literature he was well versed, as he was in art. By Utah

painters, he was considered the father of them all. Mr. Weggeland had a

wife and nine children; the widow and four of the latter surviving him

He was of gentle and kindly disposition, taking a fatherly interest up to the last in the younger artists. "The Gypsy Camp"is one of his most noted

and original pictures which is now the property of the University of Utah, and may be seen in President John A. Widtsoe's office.

A serious railway accident occurred on the 12th of June at 1:25 o'clock

on the Denver & Rio Grande R. R. as a westbound passenger train was entering Salt Lake City from the east at the rate of fifty miles an hour. A

PASSING EVENTS 841

gang of section hands had been engaged in repairing the tracks and had neglected to leave a danger signal for slowing down. The result was that the

train jumped the tracks and the cars tumbled down an embankment. One

person, Andrew O. Collings, Salida, Colo., was killed, and some fiftythree

others were injured. In the car which suffered the greatest damage in the

wreck, were four Latterday Saint missionaries returning from abroad.

According to W. C. Spence, transportation agent of the Church, they escaped

entirely uninjured. Mr. Spence states further that during the thirtythree

years he has arranged routes for missionaries traveling to and from all parts of the world, none have been seriously injured in accidents, although at times some have narrowly escaped death. The missionaries in this accident were: Eletha Simmons, Byron, Wyo.; Alma Findlay, Bloomington,

Idaho; Raymond W. Peck, Cove, Ore.; Fred G. Hansen, Aetna, Canada.

Among the injured in the wreck were C. D. Simpson, brakeman, of Ogden,

Utah, and Thomas F. Durkin, assistant superintendent D. & R. G., and

William Rettstat, both of Salt Lake City.

Underwood & Underwood, New York

A German submarine, in the days from May 25 to June 4, appeared upon the New Jersey coast and sank about fifteen vessels, among them being the steamer, Herbert L. Pratt, shown in this picture, still flying Old Glory, lying

in shallow water off the shore which she managed to reach before she sank, being thus damaged by a mine laid by a submarine. This ship has since

been raised. Her bridge and most of the stern are seen above water. Among

other ships sunk was the steamer Texel, the steamships Carolina and Winneconne, the schooners Edna, Haskell, Wiley, the transport, President Lincoln, and many others. The U-boats raiding our coastwise shipping, from

the Virginia capes to the New Jersey coast, up to this writing, have escaped.

Albert G. Clayton, Co. B 161st Infantry, American Expeditionary Forces,

via New York, writes to a friend from "Somewhere in France:""When I

842 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Stop f<r a few minutea ami think of Ihe life I used to live, with everything it withthe most pleasant end peeeefnl you could wish, and then compare..in constantly moving life here in France, where we never know from one

if everyminute to the next where we are likely to be, it makes me wonder thing i> still BJ beautiful BS it used to be in Utah. We certainly have to

gel a tastfl of the world to really appreciate what great blessings we have at home. Since I have been away from home, I have learned many, many

things; one of the biggest things I have learned is to know just how big

and grand the gospel is. I never felt while at home that I could really say,

I know the gospel is true.'I can now. I have also heard people say they

were spiritually hungry, I have also experienced that feeling, and how welcome the day will be when I can again enjoy the privileges I used to. Life

in France, of course, is much different from what it was in the United

States; however, it seems to agree with me. I certainly am glad to have

the privilege of being over here; it is one of the greatest privileges of my

life, and if I can succeed in doing just a littfle good to someone, I shall feel repaid."

BrigadierGeneral Richard W. Young, on May 3, 1918, made this interesting and inspiring speech at Camp Kearny, to the Utah boys, on the

occasion of his relinquishing command of the 145th F. A. to assume command, May 6, of the 65th Artillery Brigade, consisting of the 143d and 144th

California regiments and the 145th F. A. (1st Utah)

To the 145th Field Artillery: In relinquishing command of the 145th

Field Artillery, it would neither be consistent with my own feelings, nor, I believe, with the expectations of the regiment for me to remain silent.

Upon the declaration of war by the United States, it appeared to me as an imperative duty, by reason of my past experiences and the vital character of the present crisis, again to cast my lot with the Colors. It was my

happy fortune to be appointed by Governor Bamberger to the command of this organization.

It is the consensus of official opinion that you have made an enviable record. That record, all are confident, is but a faint indication of the

greater honors that must and will come to you through the real test and ordeal of war.

I am not so egotistical as to arrogate to myself any undue, or much, credit for your achievements—these are to be ascribed primarily to the

high average ofyour soldierly characteristics, and, secondarily, to the quick and full response that you have made to the instruction imparted and discipline enjoined by the trained officers and men of the First Separate Utah

Battery, the efficient artillery nucleus of the regiment, and by the experienced officers and men of the cavalry and other organizations of our National

Guard, and in no small degree to the dominating intelligence of BrigadierGeneral Lyon, our esteemed and popular brigade commander.

Among the members of the regiment are numbers of men whom I count as personal friends—the acquaintances, some of them, of many years,

including a handful of beloved compatriots with whom I served in the

SpanishAmerican war and the Philippine insurrection. Many of the officers

and men of the regiment are sons or brothers or other relatives of oldtime companions, while still others are from; families with whose names and

history I have long been familiar. It has been my constant regret that,

conditions have made it impossible for me to make a close personal acquaintanceship with each of you—that opportunity, as to many of you, may

happily present itself in future days.

To the casual observer, the soldier is without identity, a mere item of

PASSING EVENTS 843

a mass of entirely similar beings; but to him who has the good fortune to

mingle closely with the troops, the soldier emerges as an individual, distinguished, often, by such qualities as lend value and charm to the race. In

the mass and before acquaintance, the soldier may not seem to be intrinsically of very great value, but when you come to know him, you find out that he is worth a million dollars of any man's money. Then you understand why he is the very apple of his parents'eye, and why he has been

able to grapple friends to him with hooks of steel. Knowing this well, I

regret not knowing you better.

At the present moment I am not advised as to what my immediate assignment to duty may be, but most devoutly hope it may be to the command of the 65th Artillery Brigade, composed, as it is, not only of our own regiment, but of other organizations whose excellence is attested and whose membership is of the highest type of American manhood.

We are enlisted and hope for the privilege of playing an adequate part in a great cause. I was told yesterday of a man who, after the delay of

months, has at last donned the olive drab because he cannot see how he would ever be able to explain to his son his failure to enlist. I am tempted

to quote a few lines from King Henry V, as applicable to you and to the situation, if, perchance, we shall be permitted to play the higher part in this historic drama:

If it be a "sin to covet honour,"

You are the "most offending"souls alive.

He that outlives this day, and comes safe home,

Will stand a tiptoe when this day is nam'd,

Will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbours;

Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars... He'll remember with advantages

What feats he did that day; then shall our names,

Familiar in their mouths as household words,

Be in their flowing cups freshly remember'd

We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;

And gentlemen in England, now a-bed,

Shall think themselves accurs'd they were not here,

And hold their manhoods cheap while any speaks,

That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day.

In conclusion let me assure you of my undying pride in and affection for you, and adjure you to be true to the ideals that have characterized and distinguished your forefathers, and that, thus far, have been conspicuous in your own records, namely, obedience to constituted authority, dependability, sobriety, cleanliness of life, stoutness of heart, uncapitulating loyalty.

. Young. Richard W

W. Clarence Smith, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Smith, 1101 South 8th

East street, Salt Lake City, who arrived in France in March was surprised to find at one mobilization camp alone about five hundred men from Utah, fully onehalf of whom he found to be "Mormons."These have formed a

branch organization, the Y. M. C. A. building has been thrown open for their

services, and some interesting meetings have been held. At the first meeting

it was learned that some fifty young men present had been on missions.

Elder Smith writes, according to the Deseret News, that Elder Stewart was made branch president, W. Clarence Smith, First Counselor, and Vernon

Dean of Sugar House, Second Counselor. Mr. Smith was at Camp Lewis,

American Lake, November 8, 1917, remaining there only three or four days before he was sent to Camp Clary. He is a member of the signal corps of

the 148th Field Artillery, and sailed for Europe in January. He was just

eight hours ahead of the illfated transport Tuscania, which was torpedoed.

In the "Improvement Era"Story Contest for May 5, Milford W.

Foshay, Painesville, Ohio, won first place with his story entitled, "The

Streak of Gray;"and Henry Nicol Adamson, Salt Lake City, won second

place with his story entitled, "The Escape."This closes the contest

for 1918.

Albert S. Anderson, Private, Battery B, Fifth F. A., American Expeditionary Forces, France, via New York, writes, May 25: "The Era

reaches me each month, and I wish to thank you for it. I am at the

front and it is great to have it to read. I only read it over about a

dozen times."

A Story and Conference number will be the Era for August. You

will enjoy it. If you wish extra numbers order them today.

Improvement Era, July, 1918 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, { Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, \ Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS President Wilson on Fifth Avenue, New York Frontispiece

To the Sons of Freedom. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 753

A Plucky Pioneer Mother Prest. Joseph F. SmitJi 755

Why Should I Sing? A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 758

Gold Mines and Riches Nephi Anderson: 759

Liberty Louis L. Allen 763

Back to the Faith. A Story Annie D. Palmer 765

The Return of the Jews—I E. H. Lund 773

Lucy Mack Smith. A Poem Minnie Iverson Hodapp 779

The Makers of Science—VIII Dr. John A. Widtsoe 780

A Scene in the Red Cross Pageant 782

Outlines for Scout Workers—XXVI. Illustrated. Delbert W. Parratt, B. S 783

Strength to be a Helper. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 786

Home Defense Song Evan Stephens 787

French Refugees, on the Road to Somewhere 789

The Sick are Healed—Vital Differences -—J oseph A. West 790

The Grizzly of the Idaho Woods Claude T. Barnes 793

German Prisoners Captured 798 Problems of the Age—XXIIXXIV Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 799

Prohibition in Canada De Voe Woolf, LL. B 806

The Meaning of Education—X E. G. Peterson, A. M 808

Experience at the Front. Jesse Frederick Harrington.... 810

Thoughts of a Farmer—XV Dr. Joseph M. Tanner. 813

M. I. A. Reading Course Books, 19181919:.:.. 814

Testimony of a Japanese Member of the Church G. Inonye 815

Sagebrush. A Poem J. S. Stanford 817

Are Men Born Equal? Dr. James E. Talmage 818

July 4, 1918 Alfred Lambourne 820

Editor's Table—The Foreground of Fundamental

Things Lieut. B. H. Roberts 821

NationWide Prohibition 824 Messages from the Missions.: 826

Mutuil Work 832 The Gold Star in the Service Flag Maud Baggarley 837

Passing Events, 838 Monumental Granite

has come to beBARRE VERMONT known as the largest monumental granite center in the world. This is due

to the fine uniform grain and color of the stone. There being distinctively three

kinds: light, medium and dark. They are

uniform in being grey—that is a beautiful

mixture of blue black and opal white.

For axed and hammered surfaces the light and medium are perhaps the preferable stones, while for polished work there is no granite in America—if in the

whole world, that surpasses Dark Barre.

It takes plateglass finish and on account of its dark color inscriptions cut into it are plain and easily read. These are the

two chief requisites for monumental use, especially in cemeteries; there being

nothing so rich and refined as a brilliantly polished surface and satisfactorily useful as a plain and enduring inscription.

Combining these qualities so preis noweminently the Dark Barre Granite recognized as the leading monumental granite of America, and is being placed in cemeteries over the whole country in greatly increased quantities.

The Mormon people are among those who have chosen this granite in preference to all others—and monuments, headstones and markers made of

it are being placed in many of their cemeteries.

The most recent dintinguished use of it is in the Hyrum Smith Monument, on the family lot of Pres. Joseph F. Smith

just erected in Salt Lake City Cemetery;

while the great Centennial Memorial to Joseph Smith the Prophet at his birthplace is the largest and most perfect example of its use in existence. There

is no polished monument in the country that surpasses in size and finish this one at Sharon, Vermont.

That this peculiarly rich stone should be coming into its place recognized for its monumental value and beauty—is evidenced by the fact that

last year the quarries of the firm named below produced about half a million

'cubic feet.

DARK BARRE GRANITE BOUTWELL, MILNE & VARNUM CO.

MONTPELIER, VERMONT HYRUM SMITH MONUMENT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DEDICATED 27th JUNE, 1918

; A W

It is a satisfaction and

pleasure to me to know that the monuments in memory of the Prophet Joseph and of my father Hyrum Smith are built of Dark Barre Granite, the best, I suppose, in Bag bBthe world. H

Joseph F. Smith.

1 nV

(All Polished) DARK BARRE GRANITE

FROM THE QUARRIES OF

CO.BOUTWELL MILNE & VARNUM

MONTPELIER, VERMONT Barre Granite Memorials EXECUTED BY

Inc. MARR & GORDON,

Discriminate people realizing that the durability of a memorial depends largely on the material used specify BARRE GRANITE from

Barre, Vermont.

Realizing also that the beauty of the finished product depends on the skill of the craftsmen who cut and carve the stone they specify BARRE

GRANITE cut by MARR & GORDON, Inc.

THE JOSEPH SMITH MEMORIAL

ERECTED AT SHARON, VERMONT

Was partly furnished and THE HYRUM SMITH MEMORIAL ERECTED AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Was wholly manufactured by MARR & GORDON, Inc.

For orders we refer you to your Local Dealer

Inc.MARR & GORDON,

GRANITE MANUFACTURERS BARRE, VERMONT

THE GRANITE CENTER OF THE WORLD

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASS'N

Reading Course

19181919 PostNet paid "Iiove anil the Light: An

Idyl of the Westland,"by Orson F. Whitney...$1.25 $1.25

"The Man of Tomorrow,"by Claude Richards.... 1.00 1.10

"Unele Sam's Boy at War"by O. P. Austin 1.00 1.10

"Abraham Lincoln,"by Wilbur F. Gordy 75.85

"Heroines of Service/'by Mary R. Parkman 1.35 1.45

"The Major,"by Ralph Connor 1.40 1.50

Warning,"Voice of "The 35.35 Sympathy Is Grateful P. Pratt by Parley

"The Book of Job,"from When you're sorrowing. But it doesn't the Bible 10.10 pay bills. An insurance policy is full "King-s In Exile,"by Chas.

G. D. Roberts 75.85 of the right sort of sympathy when

Net price, per set, $7.95. your property is destroyed. And no

Set postpaid: 1st and 2nd zones, $S.0S one should neglect to secure protection

$8.17. zone, 3rd against such a contingency. We give of orders accompanied by Out town cash will be sent postpaid for $7.95. you the maximum of insurance at minimum of cost. Let us quote you rates.

Deseret News Book Store The Leading Book Concern Home Fire Insurance Co. of Utah

No. G Main Street News Building Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street

"Keep Money at Home."

Joseph Smith as The Complete Scientist By Dr. John A. Widtsoc

One of the best scientific expositions M. I. A.

of the teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith yet published. Reading Course

Cloth Binding 75c Paper Binding 25c Send orders to MORONI SNOW, for $7.95

General Secretary, 2022 Bishop's Bldg, Salt Lake City Post Paid

If Cash is Sent with the Order

TELEPHONE. JTmk ttj

Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer Sunday School Union line Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,

Show Rooms and Morgue Book Store

OFFICE OrEN DAT AND NIGHT The Book Store of Salt Lake City tU 73 and 25 Sooth West Tempi* Street 44 East on South Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMU * / SRa

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you li'be

M1LI ION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joseph F. Smith, President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePres.&Mgr.

A PLAYERPIANO on 5 days FREE TRIAL No money in advance—

Factory price—

We pay the freight—

Send the Coupon Today

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO., (E)

61-3-5 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Gentlemen:—Please send me beautifully illustrated catalogs and full details

of your FREE TRIAL, plan on playerpianos.

Name Address Everything Known STA3./SffD1960J

in Music 61-3-5 MAiNl JOSriMHAYNS"OLDER. THANUfPflESIUBNTTHE STATECAPITAl'2SOtO00O0OP UTAH

lACHINfc Farm 50 LWI.MJ STORES

Implements! DIRECTORS IN

JOSEPH F. SMITH GEO. T. ODELL

Vehicles W. 8. McCORNICK Q. G. WRIGHT UTAH R THOMAS CUTLER JAMES. H. MOYLE AND WILLIAM SPRY C. S. BURTON

HEBER SCOWCROFT JA8. L. WRATHALL,,W. W ARM8TRONG MALCOLM A. KEY8ER IDAHO

R. P. MORRIS GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA