Vol* V* The Glory of Gbd is Intelligence. NO* 4*

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young: Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

i'UBIilSHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

Business F. Joseph Hebkr J. Grakt, j Smith, j

j Managers. i ""ors,w-iurf Thos. Hull, Edw. H. andbkson.

KEBRUARY, 1902.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Apostle Heber J. Grant Frontispiece

History of the Prophet Joseph Lucy Smith 241

Charity and Aeithmetic. An Every day Story S A. Kenner 260

The Castle Builder. IV, V Nephi Anderson 265

State Exhibit of Art Fabrics Alice Merrill Eorne 2-80

Messages From Japan—

Have a Purpose in Life Apostle Feber J. Grant 288

Life in the Orient Alma 0. Taylor 291

Bits of PvECEnt Farm Science—Plant Breeding—Forests and Snow—Wheat Farming

and Soil Fertility Dr. John A. Widtsoe 293

Pleasant Manners Ida Prentice 299

Some Leading Events in the Current Story

OF the World—Our ew TerritoryLord's Prayer—Vast Contributions to Ed- U

ucation—Long Distance Wireless Telegraphy- Cuba's Woes—South Africa—The

Isthmian of the Poles Dr. J. M. Tanner 300 Canal—Grievances

Editor's Table—Parents Should be Consulted President Joseph F. Smith 307

Answers to Questions Andrew Jenson 309 "Stars"of Europe 311 In Lighter Mood 313 to ClassOur Work—Hints Teachers—Assigning Lessons—Learning Passages ture—The Teacher's Duty—Conductingof ScripRecitations—A Word About the Era 314

Events of THE. Month ThomasEull 316

>SAL;y LAKK city:

214 AND 21S TEMRLIEXON BLDG.

Published IVTonthly. $2. pet Annotn.

Mi C. McCLIIIII, Prest. THEO T. BURTON, Sec W. J. BURTOI, Treit

Preside for your family.

The Largest and—I I p- Burton odl

11 I Strongest Life and I Insurance C(m I II I '"pany in tlie Cumber o.,

ALL KINDS OF COAL.

ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.

SPECIALTY.MUTUAL LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A

Office, 60 W. "Second Soutli Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sts.

Telephone 803.

LIFE THE.

OF NEW YORK. OF DTflH STATE BANK

RULON S. WELLS, Manager. Aeeouns Solicited.

THOS. W. SLOAN, Cashier. CoFPespondenee Invited.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

611 Commereial Block. Joseph F. Smith, President. VicePresident. Wm. B. Preston,

Cashier. S. Burton, SniiT IiRKB CITY. Charles

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Phllo T Farnsvrorth

A BIG SUIT SPECIAL A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

Byron Groo Isaac Barton A GENUINE SNAP

A BARGAIN. All Of our mall

order prices are bargains, but

Is this extra, something a little Home In Keep IWoney at ordinary, bought the out of the piece and made up especially for our trade for spring, summer and fall wear. By Insuring THE CLOTH Is a double and

twist, gray and mixed brown, in the Don't In halfInch diagonal woven pattern, forming a slight stripe, very pretty and dressy; will

I Kiortil IS 00 show dust; is all wool and Carry warranted to wear until you

are more than satisfied. ONLY $9.25. THE STYLE. It comes In round cut sack Your

style single breasted vest, coat lined with a hteh grade of Farmer's satin; Inside pockets

Bilk stitched; buttonholes silk worked, etc. Own Everything about the suit stamps It as of HOME

high quality and better than can be had elsewhere for much more money. Risk.

SEND ONE DOLLAR and your express

Bce address and we will send the suit to you; you have full privilege of examinationbefore you pay another cent. If you are satFIRE isfied and find everything as represented,

pay the express agent $8.25 and express

charges in addition to the $1.00 you sent with

yonr order, and k* ep the bargain.

SUZES. You win get your size without dlfflOP eiMy. Send breast measure for the coat and

ToSt also size of coat usually worn, and waist andlnseamfor the pants. Remember this UTAH

7uit is only $9.25, worth at least

M5.00. Samples of tlie cloth may be had HeDer J. Grant & 60.. appUcatlou

GENERAL AGENTS. WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE,

Offices 205206 Wittingham Block, 2026 South Main St, Salt Lake City, Utah.

(WHBN WKITING TO ADVBRTISBBS PliKASB MENTION THB BBA.l

TO IjlVESTOHS. HOpSEEKEHS fi fi* ft tm

SOUTHEASTERN IDAHO is a great new field for GENERAIv FARMING and for the development of INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES.

The Great Snake River Valley can support a million people and SouthEastern

Idaho has sufficient land and a NEVER FAILING WATER SUPPLY to accommodate ""twice the number now in the entire State, just reported in the census returns at 161,771.

YOU WILL FIND HERE:

The Best Water Supply for Irrigation. Cooperative Canals—Low Charges. The Best Soil, Producing Great Crops. A Great New Field for Sugar Beets. Cheap Lumber, Fuel and Water Power. Fine Hunting and Fishing. Great Mines. Splendid

Grazing and Feeding Grounds. A favorable Climate. Good Schools. Splendid

Markets and Transportation. Conservative but Enterprising People. You cannot

find such a combination of resources and attractions in any other district in the west.

Ask Us for General Information and for a List of Lands and City Property

For Sale in the GREAT SNAKE RIVER VALLEY.

THE IDAHO COLONY CO.. VtR.fiTURfit3, WlliliS & SHEIiTO|9, Geneval Agents.

1025 17th Street, Denver. Colorado. 15 West Second South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Agrencies in Focatello,''Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, 'Rezburgr and St. Antony, Idaho.

Novemlaer 1st, 10OO.

GOOP.FUHNITUHEGO.

31 to 35 IHain Stpeet, SALrT LAKS OITY, UXA.H

Arc headquarters for Fine Fornitare, Carpets, Art Squares

and Rugfs. Star Estate Steel

Rangfes, Heaters, etc We are he sole agents for the only

sensible dust shields. BICVCUES.

You gfet from us just] what Everything in Sporting Goods. you buy. We make no substitutes. BASE BALLS, CAMERAS,

t'HOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc

CO., WM. N. WILLIAMS, Superinteut WESTERN ARMS & SP0RTiN6 GOODS

O. H. PETTIT, Treasurer. 115 South Main Street.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

THE GRANDE WESTEHjl m RfiD ffij THE DEJJVER flp RIO GRflJlDE

Best Local Tfain Sepviee in Utah.

From ten to forty minates the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. Ji ji

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write -iM GEO. W. HEINTZ,

Assistant General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City.

PROVO CLOTH ALL WOOL SUIT.

SEND ONE DOLLARGET AN ALL WOOL to examina-. SUITtii.u andsubjectapproval. If you ()( i (v"VJ recognize a bargain when

see will IB T( it you take to j you The Leading this at once. These Provo's I 1 jl j

Music Dealers... are the easiest to sell of anything we have ever handled.

ThCj are the finest Mail OrPIANOS 'ORGAIIS derbody goods,in this becausewhdle countryeveryknows f'xactly what they are and what can be expected of PRICES them in the way of wear. It's Provo Cioth

Suit Only S9.25.

FIT STYLE, AND WORKMANSHIP. lijis eiegiiiit pieciof gnuus is a solid gray THE—in color, umde up in round cut, sack style,

high art tailoring; good linings, good cutLOWEST. ting; good sewing and stitching everywhere;

in fact, the kind ot cloth and the kind of tailoring you have been p;*ying ii the neighborhood of $15 for in the regular retail way.

't Tnif-, this opportunity to get a ProvO TERIHS Do Suit for $9.25.

dollar, one ORDER.—Send TO HOW snail business, assured be we you mean

will exsend THE soand the suit nearest to your we press oflice. Belore you pay any more money

it see if it is as examine and we repmay EASIEST. you

it. satisfies resent than and you you If it more

know you have a bargain, pay the express agent the balHnce due and the express it. Charges and keep:6 IN MUl. size Send of coat usually worn; KM SIZE.- CATALOGUES FREE. breast measure lor the coat and vest and

waist and inseam for the pants. AVe send

7AIt Mainnam %\Ol. jP- j"qjnes."'"'i"""-jr., Managerfree samples of the cloth on application. WESTS MAIL ORDER HOUSE,

205206 Wittlngham Block, Salt Lal<e City.

(WHBN WKIMNO TO A.DVPRTISERS PLEASE MENTION THEERA.)

lflYjVIOID, CAflADfl.

(Southern Alberta.)

Cheap Irrigated Farms 100,000 acres for sale surrounding the town of Raymond; near the

RaymoiKl Sugar Works which will be built and completed by September i, 1903, by Jesse

Knight & Sons. $5 00 per ton will be paid for sugar beets.

Taxes No taxes on cattle, horses or sheep, and only iX cents per acre on land.

Grain Average yield of wheat in 1891, 40 bushels to the acre. First year

grain crop will pay for the land.

Price of Land Irrigated farms $ro.co per acre.

Sugar Beets Will pay from $000 to $125.00 per acre.

Terms of Payment No installments payable the first two years. Eight equal annual installments thereafter with 6 pei cent interest per annum.

Water Rates Water will be supplied in such quantities as a settler may require, at the rate of $1.00 per acre per annum.

Raymond Town lots containing one acre, $25.00 each.

Temperance Town Liquor is forever prohibited by contract in all deeds.

Attractions Rich soil, plenty of pure water, a mild climate with but little snowfall, good markets, good railroad facilities, cheap fuel, cheap building material, and posloffice, store, school and church in Raymond.

Satisfactory markets for all kinds of produce are found in the neighboring mining districts in British Columbia, in which very active development is taking place. All the irrigated lands are within five

miles of a railroad.

Ranch Lands In the famous "Milk River Ridge,"the greatest cattle range in

America. 300,000 acres for sale in blocks of 20,000 acres and upwards, on ten yearly payment plan.

Apply For Further information regarding Free Duty, Passenger and'Freight

Rates, etc., to TAYLOR BROTHERS Agts.

Send for Pamphlet 104 Southi IVLain Street

All information free. Salt Lak:e City, Utah.

(WHRN WRITING TO ADVBRTISKRS PLEASE MKNl ION THE ERA.

M. L A. Are DoublyWorkersEquipped, Having

Business Education A With it they can earn enough in six days so that they need not work on

SUNDAY.

Ten students from the SALT LAKE

BUSINESS COLLEGE get employment where one from all its competitors combined is so fortunate. The

school occupies the entire top floor of the bank buildingf'shown in the cut

SEND below.FOR CATAIvOQ; IX IS KRE)E.

SALT LAKE BUSINESS COLLEGE, TEMPLETON, (ilfrKVuiSI.) 5ALT LAKE CITY.

JOSEPH NELSON, President, WILLIAM JOHNSTON, Secretary

SAY.E YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on $1. to $5,000.

OppiCBJS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier,

DIl?BCTOl?S.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

George M. Cannon

T. G Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M.Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reynolds L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

- - - SAL.T LAKE CITY UTAH. No 1, MAIN STREET,

(WHBN WRITING TO ADVBRTISBRS PI,A.SK MENTION THE BRA.)

Digitized by the Internet Arcinive in 2011 witin funding from.

Corporation of tine Presiding Bisinop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0504unse

APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT

First Assistant General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

Manager of Improvement Era and President of the Mission in Japan

Vol. V. FEBRUARY. 1901.. 'No. 4.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH.

BY HIS MOTHER, LUCY SMITH.

CHAPTER XVII.

JOSEPH SMITH, SENIOR, REMOVES TO NORWICH, THENCE TO

THE. JUDGMENT. PALMYRA—HIS DREAM OF THE IMAGES—OF

When health returned to us, EkS one would naturally suppose, it found us in quite low circumstances. We were compelled to

strain every energy to provide for our present necessities, instead of making arrangements for the future, as we had previously contemplated.

Shortly after sickness left our family, we moved to Norwich, in the state of Vermont. In this place we established ourselves on

a farm belonging to one Esquire Moredock. The first year our

crops failed; yet, by selling fruit which grew on the place, we

succeeded in obtaining bread for the family, and, by making considerable exertion, we were enabled to sustain ourselves.

The crops the second year were as the year before—a perfect

failure. Mr. Smith now determined to plant once more, and if he

should meet with no better success than he had the two preceding years, he would then go to the state of New York, where wheat was raised in abundance.

The next year an untimely frost destroyed the crops, and 242 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

being the third year in succession in which the crops had failed, it almost caused a famine. This was enough; my husband was now

altogether decided upon going to New York. He came in, one

day, in quite a thoughtful mood, and sat down; after meditating

some time, he observed that, could he so arrange his affairs, he would be glad to start soon for New York with a Mr. Howard, who

was going to Palmyra. He further remarked, that he could not

leave consistently, as the situation of the family would not admit of his absence; besides, he was owing some money that must first

be paid.

I told him it was my opinion he might get both his creditors and debtors together, and arrange matters between them in such a way as to give satisfaction to all parties concerned; and, in

relation to the family, I thought I could make every necessary preparation to follow as soon as he would be ready for us. He

accordingly called upon all with whom he had any dealings, and settled up his accounts with them. There were, however, some

who, in the time of settlement, neglected to bring forward their books, consequently they were not balanced, or there were no entries made in them to show the settlement; but in cases of this

kind, he called witnesses, that there might be evidence of the fact.

Having thus arranged his business, Mr. Smith set out for

Palmyra, in company with Mr. Howard. After his departure, I

and those of the family who were of much size, toiled faithfully, until we considered ourselves fully prepared to leave at a moment's warning. We shortly received a communication from Mr. Smith,

requesting us to make ourselves ready to take up a journey for

Palmyra. In a short time after this, a team came for us. As we

were about starting on this journey, several of those gentlemen who had withheld their books, in the time of settlement, now brought them forth, and claimed the accounts which had been settled, and which they had, in the presence of witnesses, agreed to erase. We were all ready for the journey, and the teams were

waiting on expense. Under these circumstances, I concluded it

would be more to our advantage to pay their unjust claims than to hazard a lawsuit. Therefore, by making considerable exertion, I

raised the required sum, which was one hundred and fifty dollars, and liquidated the demand.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 243

A gentleman by the name of Flagg, a wealthy settler, living in the town of Hanover, also a Mr. Howard, who resided in Norwich,

were both acquainted with the circumstance mentioned above.

They were very indignant at it, and requested me to give them a sufficient time to get the witnesses together, and they would endeavor to recover that which had been taken from me by fraud.

I told them I could not do so, for my husband had sent teams for me, which were on expense; moreover, there was an uncertainty

in getting the money back again, and in case of failure, I should not be able to raise the means necessary to take the family where we contemplated moving.

They then proposed raising some money by subscription, saying, "We know the people feel as we do concerning this matter, and if you will receive it, we will make you a handsome present.''

This I utterly refused. The idea of receiving assistance in such a

way as this was indeed very repulsive to my feelings, and I rejected their offer.

My aged mother, who had lived with us some time, assisted in preparing for the journey. She came with us to Royalton, where

she resided until she died, which was two years afterwards, in consequence of an injury which she received by getting upset in a wagon while traveling with us.

On arriving at Royalton, I had a scene to pass through, and it

I shall ever look back withwas truly a severe one—one to which

peculiar feelings. Here I was to take leave of my affectionate

mother. The parting hour came; my mother wept over me, long

and bitterly. She told me that it was not probable she should ever

behold my face again; "But, my dear child,"said she, "I have

lived are nearly long—my days numbered—I must soon exchange

the things of this world for those which pertain to another state of existence, where I hope to enjoy the society of the blessed; and

now as my last admonition, I beseech you to continue faithful in the service of God to the end of your days, that I may have the pleasure of embracing you in another and fairer world above."

This parting scene was at one Willard Pierce's, a tavern keeper. From his house my mother went to Daniel Mack's, with

whom she afterwards lived until her decease.

Having traveled a short distance, I discovered that Mr.

244 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Howard, our teamster, was an unprincipled and unfeeling wretch, by the way in which he handled both our goods and money, as well as by his treatment of my children, especially Joseph. He would compel him to travel miles at a time on foot, notwithstanding he was still

lame. We bore patiently with his abuse, until we got about twenty

miles west of Utica, when one morning, as we were getting ready to continue our journey, my oldest son came to me and said, "Mother,

Mr. Howard has thrown the goods out of the wagon, and is about

starting off with the team."Upon hearing this, I told him to call

the man in. I met him in the barroom, in the presence of a large

company of travelers, both male and female, and I demanded his reason for the course which he was taking. He told me the

money which I had given him was all expended, and he could go no further.

I then turned to those present and said, "Gentlemen and ladies, please give your attention for a moment. Now, as sure as

there is a God in heaven, that team, as well as the goods, belong to my husband, and this man intends to take them from me, or at least the team, leaving me with eight children, without the means of proceeding on my journey."Then turning to Mr. Howard, I

said, "Sir, I now forbid you touching the team, or driving it one step further. You can go about your own business; I have no

use for you. I shall take charge of the team myself, and hereafter

attend to my own affairs."I accordingly did so, and proceeding

on our journey, we in a short time arrived at Palmyra, with a small portion of our effects, and barely two cents in cash.

When I again met my husband at Palmyra, we were much indolence, but on account of many reverses ofreduced—not from

fortune, with which our lives had been rather singularly marked.

Notwithstanding our misfortunes, and the embarrassments with which we were surrounded, I was quite happy in once more having the society of my husband, and in throwing myself arid children upon the care and affection of a tender companion and father.

We all now sat down, and counselled together relative to the course which was best for us to adopt in our destitute circumstances, and we came to the conclusion to unite our energies in endeavoring to obtain a piece of land. Having done considerable

at painting oilcloth coverings for tables, stands, etc., I set up the

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 245

business, and did extremely well. I furnished all the provisions

for the family, and, besides this, began to replenish our household furniture, in a very short time, by my own exertions.

My husband and his sons, Alvin and Hyrum, set themselves to work to pay for one hundred acres of land for which Mr. Smith

contracted with a land agent. In a year, we made nearly all of

the first payment, erected a log house, and commenced clearing.

I believe something like thirty acres of land were made ready for cultivation the first year.

[ shall now deviate a little from my subject, in order to relate another very singular dream which my husband had about this time, which is as follows:-

"I dreamed,"said he, "that I was traveling on foot, and I was very sick, and so lame I could hardly walk. My guide, as usual, attended me.

Traveling some time together, I became so lame that I thought I could go no further. I, informed my guide of this, and asked him what I should

do. He told me to travel on till I came to a certain garden. So I arose and

started for this garden. While on my way thither, I asked my guide

how I should know the place. He said, 'Proceed until you come to a

very large gate; open this, and you will see a garden, blooming with the

most beautiful flowers that your eyes ever beheld, and there you shall be healed.'By limping along with great difficulty, I finally reached the

gate; and, on entering it, I saw the beforementioned garden, which was

beautiful beyond description, being filfed with the most delicate flowers of every kind and color. In the garden were walks about three and a half

feet wide, which were set on both sides with marble stones. One of the

walks ran from the gate through the centre of the garden; and on each side

of this was a very richly carved seat, and on each seat were placed six wooden images, each of which was the size of a very large man. When

I came to the first image on the right side, it arose and bowed to me with much deference. I then turned to the one which sat opposite me,

on the left side, and it arose and bowed to me in the same manner as the first. I continued turning, first to the right and then to the left, until

the whole twelve had made their obeisance, after which I was entirely healed. I then asked my guide the meaning of all this, but I awoke

before I received an answer."

I will now return to the subject of the farm. When the time

for making the second payment drew nigh, Alvin went from home 246 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to get work, in order to raise the money, and after much hardship and fatigue, returned with the required amount. This payment

being made, we felt relieved, as this was the only thing that troubled us; for we had a snug loghouse, neatly furnished, and the

means of living comfortably. It was now only two years since we

entered Palmyra, almost destitute of money, property, or acquaintance. The hand of friendship was extended on every side, and we

blessed God, with our whole heart, for his "mercy, which endureth for ever."And not only temporal blessings were bestowed upon

us, but also spiritual were administered. The Scripture, which

saith, "Your old men shall dream dreams,"was fulfilled in the case of my husband, for, about this time, he had another vision, which

I shall here relate; this, with one more, is all of his that I shall

obtrude upon the attention of my readers. He received two more

visions, which would probably be somewhat interesting, but I cannot 'remember them distinctly enough to rehearse them in full.

The following, which was the sixth, ran thus:

"I thought I was walking alone; I was much fatigued, nevertheless

I continued traveling. It seemed to me that I was going to meeting,

that it was the day of judgment, and that I was going to be judged.

"When I came in sight of the meetinghouse, I saw multitudes of people coming from every direction, and pressing with great anxiety towards the door of this great building; but I thought I should get there

in time, hence there was no need of being in a hurry. But, on arriving

at the door, I found it shut; I knocked for admission, and was informed

by the porter that I had come too late. I felt exceedingly troubled, and

prayed earnestly for admittance. Presently I found that my flesh was

perishing. I continued to pray, still my flesh withered upon my bones.

I was in a state of almost total despair, when the porter asked me if J had done all that was necessary in order to receive admission. I replied,

that I had done all that was in my power to do. 'Then,'observed the

porter, 'justice must be satisfied; after this, mercy hath her claims.'

"It then occurred to me to call upon God, in the name of his Son

Jesus; and I cried out, in the agony of my soul, 'Oh, Lord God, I beseech

thee, in the name of Jesus Christ, to forgive my sins.'After which I

felt considerably strengthened, and I began to amend. The porter or

angel then remarked, that it was necessary to plead the merits of Jesus, for he was the advocate with the Father, and a Mediator between God and man.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 247

"I was now made quite whole, and the door was opened, but, on entering, I awoke."

The following spring, we commenced making 'preparations for building another house, one that would be more comfortable for persons in advanced life.

CHAPTER XVIII.

VISION OFHISTORY OF JOSEPH THE PROPHET COMMENCES—SEVENTH

JOSEPH SMITH, SENIOR.

I now come to the history of Joseph. By reference to the

table (chap, ix), you will find the date and place of his birth; beside which, except what has already been said, I shall say nothing

respecting him until he arrived at the age of fourteen. However,

in this I am aware that some of my readers will be disappointed, for I suppose, from questions which are frequently asked me, that it is thought by some that I shall be likely to tell many very remarkable incidents which attended his childhood; but, as nothing

occurred during his early life, except those trivial circumstances which are common to that state of human existence, I pass them in silence.

At the age of fourteen, an incident occurred which alarmed us much, as we knew not the cause of it. Joseph being a remarkably quiet, welldisposed child, we did -not suspect that any one

had aught against him. He was out one evening on an errand,

and, on returning home, as he was passing through the dooryard, a gun was fired across his pathway, with the evident intention of shooting him. He sprang to the door much frightened. We immediately went in search of the assassin, but could find no

trace of him that evening. The next morning we found his tracks

under a wagon, where he lay when he fired; and the following day we

found the balls, which were discharged from the gun, lodged in the head and neck of a cow that was standing opposite the wagon in a dark corner. We have not as yet discovered the man who

made this attempt at murder, neither can we discover the cause thereof.

I shall here insert the seventh vision that my husband had, which vision was received in the year 1819. It was as follows:

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"I dreamed,"said he, "that a man with a pedler's budget on his back, came in, and thus addressed me: 'Sir, will you trade with me

today? I have now called upon you seven times, I have traded with

you each time, and have always found you strictly honest in all your dealings. Your measures are always heaped, and your weights overbalance; and I have now come to tell you that this is the last trime I

shall ever call on you, and that there is but one thing which you lack, in order to secure your salvation.'As I earnestly desired to know what it

was that I still lacked, I requested him to write the same upon paper.

He said he would do so. I then sprang to get some paper, but, in my

excitement, I awoke."

Shortly after my husband received the foregoing vision, there was a great revival in religion, which extended to all the denominations of Christians in the surrounding country in which we resided. Many of the world's people, becoming concerned about the

salvation of their souls, came forward and presented themselves as seekers after religion. Most of them were desirous of uniting

with some church, but were not decided as to the particular faith which they would adopt. When the numerous meetings were

about breaking up, and the candidates and the various leading church members began to consult upon the subject of adopting the candidates into some church or churches, as the case might be, a dispute arose, and there was a great contention among them.

While these things were going forward, Joseph's mind became considerably troubled with regard to religion; and the following extract from his history will show, more clearly than I can

express, the state of his feelings, and the result of his reflections on this occasion:

I was at this time in my fifteenth year. My father's family was

proselyted to the Presbyterian faith,and four of them joined that church> namely, my mother Lucy, my brothers Hyrum and Samuel Harrison, and my sister Sophronia.

During this time of great excitement, my mind was called up to serious reflection and great uneasiness; but though my feelings were deep,

and often poignant, still I kept myself aloof from all those parties, though

I attended their several meetings as often as occasion would permit.

In process of time, my mind became somewhat partial to the Methodist sect, and I felt some desire to be united with them, but so great were the confusion and strife among the different denominations.

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 24

that it was impossible for a person, young as I was, and so unacquainted with men and things, to come to any certain conclusion"who was right and who was wrong. My mind at different times was greatly excited,

the cry and tumult were so great and incessant. The Presbyterians were

most decided against the Baptists and Methodists, and used all the powers of either reason or sophistry to prove their errors, or at least to make the people think they were in error. On the other hand, the Baptists and Methodists, in their turn, were equally zealous in endeavoringto establish their own tenets and disprove all others.

In the midst of this war of words, and tumult of opinion, I often said to myself, What is to be done? Who, of all these parties, are right?

or, are they all wrong together? If any one of them be right,which is it?

and how shall I know it?

While I was laboring under the extreme difficulties caused by the contests of these parties of religionists, I was one day reading in the epistle of James, first chapter and fifth verse, which reads, "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him."Never did any passage of

Scripture come with more power to the heart of man than this did at this time to mine. It seemed to enter with great force into every feeling of

my heart. I reflected on it again and again, knowing that if any person

needed wisdom from God, I did, for how to act I did not know, and, unless I could get more wisdom than I then had, I would never know; for the

teachers of religion of the different sects understood the same passages so differently, as to destroy all confidence in settling the question by an appeal to the Bible. At length I came to the conclusion, that I must

either remain in darkness and confusion, or else I must do as James directs, that is, ask of God. I at length came to the determination to ask

of God, concluding that if he gave wisdom to them that lacked wisdom, and would give liberally, and not upbraid, I might venture. So, in accordance with this my determination to ask of God, I retired to the

woods to make the attempt. It was on the morning of a beautiful, clear

day, early in the spring of 1820. It was the first time in my life that I had

made such an attempt; for amidst all my anxieties I had never as yet

made the attempt to pray vocally. After I had retired into the place

where I had previously designed to go, having looked around me, and finding myself alone, I kneeled down and began to offer up the desires of my heart to God. I had scarcely done so, when immediately I was

seized upon by some power which entirely overcame me, and had such an astonishing influence over me as to bind my tongue, so that I could not speak. Thick darkness gathered around me, and it seemed to me for a.

250 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

time as if I were doomed to sudden destruction. But exerting all my

powers to call upon God, to deliver me out of the power of this enemy which had seized upon me, and at the very moment when I was ready imto sink into despair, and abandon myself to destruction—not to an

aginary ruin, but to the power of some actual being from the unseen world, who had such a- marvelous power as I had never before felt in any being; just at this moment of great alarm, I saw a pillar of light exactly

over my head, above the brightness of the sun, which descended gradually until it fell upon me. It no sooner appeared,than I found myself delivered

from the enemy which held me bound. When the light rested upon me,

I saw two personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them spake unto me, calling me

by name,and said pointing to the other, "This is my beloved Son; hear him!'

My object in going to enquire of the Lord, was to know which of all these sects was right, that I might know which to join. No sooner,

therefore, did I get possession of myself, so as to be able to speak, than

I asked the personages who stood above me in the light, which of all the sects was right—and which I should join, I was answered that I must

join none of them, for they were all wrong; and the personage who addressed me said that all their creeds were an abomination in his sight; that

those professors were all corrupt; that "they draw near to me with their

lips, but their hearts are far from me; they teach for doctrines the commandments of men, having a form of godliness, but they deny the power

thereof,"He again forbade me to join with any of them; and many other

things did he say unto me which I cannot write at this time. When I

came to myself again, I found myself lying on my back, looking up into heaven. When the light had departed, I had no strength; but soon recovering in some degree, I went home. And as I leaned up to the fireplace, mother enquired what the matter was, I replied, "Never mind, all

is well—I am well enough off,"1 then said to my mother, "I have learned

for myself that Presbyterianism is not true,"It seems as though the adversary was aware, at a very early period of my life, that I was destined to prove a disturber and an annoyer of his kingdom; else why

should the powers of darkness combine against me? Why the opposition

and persecution that arose against me, almost in my infancy?

Some few days after I had this vision, I happened to be in company with one of the Methodist preachers who was very active in the beforementioned religious excitement, and conversing with him upon the subject of religion, I took occasion to give him an account of the vision which I had had, I was greatly surprised at his behavior: he treated my communication not only lightly, but with great contempt, saying it was all of

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 251

the devil; that there was no such thing as visions or revelations in these

days; that all such things had ceased with the apostles,and that there would

never be any more of them. I soon found, however, that my telling the

story had excited a great deal of prejudice against me among professors of religion, and was the cause of great persecution, which continued to increase; and though I was an obscure boy, only between fourteen and fifteen years of age, and my circumstances in life such as to make a boy of

no consequence in the world, yet men of high standing would take notice sufficient to excite the public mind against me and create a bitter persecution; and this was common among all the sects—all united to persecute

me. It caused me serious reflection, then, and often has since, how

very strange it was that an obscure boy, of a little over fourteen years one, too, who was doomed to the necessity of obtaining aof age—and

scanty maintenance by his daily labors, should be thought a character of sufficient importance to attract the attention of the great ones of the most popular sects of the day, in a manner to create in them a spirit of the most bitter persecution and reviling. But strange or not, so it was, and

it was often the cause of great sorrow to myself. However,it was,nevertheless, a fact that I had beheld a vision. I have thought since, that I felt

much like Paul when he made his defense before King Agrippa, and related the account of the vision he had when he "saw a light and heard a voice"; but still there were but few who believed him. Some said he was

dishonest, others said he was mad, and he was ridiculed and reviled; but

all this did not destroy the reality of his vision. He had seen a vision

all the persecution under heaven could not makehe knew he had—and

it otherwise; and though they should persecute him unto deaths yet he

knew, and would know to his latest breath, that he had both seen a light and heard a voice speaking unto him, and all the world could not make him think or believe otherwise. So it was with me. I had actually seen a light, and in the midst of that light I saw two personages, and they did in reality speak to me; and though I was hated

and persecuted for saying that I had seen a vision, yet it was true; and

while they were persecuting me, reviling me, and speaking all manner of evil against me falsely, for so saying, I was led to say in my heart. Why persecute for telling the truth? I have actually seen a

vision; and who am I that I can withstand God? or why does the world

think to make me deny what I have actually seen? for I had seen a vision.

I knew it, and I knew that God knew it; and I could not deny it, neither

least, I knew that by so doing I would offend God, anddared I do it—at

come under condemnation. Times and Seasons, vol. iii, p. 727; Supp.

to Mill. Star, vol. xiv, p. 2; History of the Church, vol. i, pp. 3-8.

252 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

From this time until the twentyfirst of September, 1823,

Joseph continued, as usual, to labor with his father, and nothing during this interval occurred of very great importance—though he

suffered every kind of opposition and persecution from the different orders of religionists.

On the evening of the twentyfirst of September, he retired to his bed in quite a serious and contemplative state of mind. He

shortly betook himself to prayer and supplication to Almighty

God, for a manifestation of his standing before him, and while thus engaged he received the following vision:

While I was thus in the act of calling upon God, I discovered a light appearing in my room, which continued to increase until the room was lighter than at noonday, when immediately a personage appeared at my bedside, standing in the air, for his feet did not touch the floor. He

had on a loose robe of most exquisite whiteness. It was a whiteness beyond anything earthly I had ever seen, nor do I believe that any earthly

thing could be made to appear so exceedingly white and brilliant. His

hands were naked, and his arms also, a little above the wrist; so also

were his feet naked, as were his legs a little above the ankles. His

head and neck were also bare. I could discover that he had no other

clothing on but this robe, as it was open, so that I could see into his bosom. Not only was his robe exceedingly white, but his whole person

was glorious beyond description, and his countenance truly like lightning. The room was exceedingly light, but not so very bright as immediately around his person. When I first looked upon him I was afraid,

but the fear soon left me. He called me by name, and said unto me

that he was a messenger sent from the presence of God to me, and that his name was Moroni; that God had a work for me to do, and that my

name should be had for good and evil among all nations, kindreds, and tongues; or that it should be both good and evil spoken of among all

people. He said there was a book deposited, written upon gold plates,

giving an account of the former inhabitants of this continent, and the source from whence they sprang. He also said that the fullness of the

everlasting gospel was contained in it, as delivered by the Savior to the ancient inhabitants. Also, that there were two stones in silver bows,

and these stones fastened to a breastplate, constituted what is called the Urim and Thummim, deposited with the plates; and the possession

and use of these stones were what constituted seers in ancient or former times; and that God had prepared them for the purpose of translating

the book. After telling me these things, he commenced quoting the

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 253

prophecies of the Old Testament. He first quoted part of the third

chapter of Malachi; and he quoted also the fourth or last chapter of the

same prophecy, though with a little variation from the way it reads in our Bibles. Instead of quoting the first verse as it reads in our books, he

quoted it thus: "For behold the day cometh that shall burn as an oven;

and all the proud, yea, and all who do wickedly, shall burn as stubble, for they that come shall burn them, saith the Lord of Hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch."And again he quoted the

fifth verse thus: "Behold, I will reveal unto you the priesthood by the

hand of Elijah the prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord."He also quoted the next verse differently: "And he

shall plant in the hearts of the children the promises made to the fathers, and the hearts of the children shall turn to their fathers; if it were not

so, the whole earth would be utterly wasted at his coming."In addition

to these, he quoted the eleventh chapter of Isaiah, saying that it was about to be fulfilled. He quoted also the third chapter of Acts, twentysecond and twentythird verses, precisely as they stand in our New

Testament. He said that that Prophet was Christ, but the day had not

yet come "when they who would not hear his voice should be cut off from among the people,"but soon would come. He also quoted the second

chapter of Joel, from the twentyeighth verse to the last. He also said

that this was not yet fulfilled, but was soon to be. And he further

stated the fullness of the Gentiles was soon to come in. He quoted many

other passages of Scripture, and offered many explanations which cannot be mentioned here. Again, he told me that when I got those plates of

which he had spoken, (for the time that they should be obtained was not then fulfilled,) I should not show them to any person, neither the breastplate, with the Urim and Thummim, only to those to whom I should be commanded to show them: if I did I should be destroyed. While he was

conversing with me about the plates, the vision was opened to my mind that I could see the place where the plates were deposited, and that so clearly and distinctly, that I knew the place again when I visited it.

After this communication, I saw the light in the room begin to gather immediately around the person of him who had been speaking to me, and it continued to do so until the room was again left dark, except just around him; when instantly I saw, as it were, a conduit open right

up into heaven, and he ascended till he entirely disappeared, and the room was left as it had been before this heavenly light made its appearance.

I lay musing on the singularity of the scence, and marveling greatly at what had been told to me by this extraordinary messenger, when, in the 254 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

midst of my meditation, I suddenly discovered that my room was again beginning to get lighted, and, in an instant, as it were, the same heavenly messenger was again by my bedside. He commenced, and

again related the very same things which he had done at his first visit without the least variation, which having done, he informed me of great judgments which were coming upon the earth, with great desolations by famine, sword, and pestilence: and that these grievous judgments would

come on the earth in this generation. Having related these things, he

again ascended as he had done before. Times and Seasons, vol. iii| p.

729; Supplement to Millennial Star, vol. xiv, p. 4; History of the Church,

vol. i, pp. 1114.

When the angel ascended the second time, he left Joseph overwhelmed with astonishment, yet gave him but a short time to contemplate the things which he had told him before he made his reappearance, and rehearsed the same things over, adding a i&w words of caution and instruction, thus: that he must beware of

covetousness, and he must not suppose the record was to be brought forth with the view of getting gain, for this was not the case, but that it was to bring forth light and intelligence, which had for a long time been lost to the world; and that when he went

to get the plates, he must be on his guard, or his mind would be filled with darkness. The angel then told him to tell his father all

which he had both seen and heard.

CHAPTER XIX.

THE ANGEL VISITS JOSEPH AGAIN—JOSEPH TELLS HIS FATHER

IS PERMITTED TO BEWHAT HE HAS SEEN AND HEARD—HE

HOLD THE PLATES—RECEIVES FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS—COMMUNICATES THE SAME TO THE FAMILY—TAKES THE PLATES

INTO HIS HANDS—THEY ARE TAKEN FROM HIM, AND HE IS

REPROVED—HIS DISAPPOINTMENT.

The next day, my husband, Alvin, and Joseph, were reaping together in the field, and as they were reaping, Joseph stopped quite suddenly, and seemed to be in a very deep study. Alvin,

observing it, hurried him, saying, "We must not slacken our hands or we will not be able to complete our task."Upon this Joseph

went to work again, and after laboring a short time, he stopped

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH 255

just as he had done before. This being quite unusual and strange,

it attracted the attention of his father, upon which he discovered that Joseph was very pale. My husband, supposing that he was

sick, told him to go to the house, and have his mother doctor him.

He accordingly ceased his work, and started, but on coming to a beautiful green, under an apple tree, he stopped and lay down, for he was so weak he could proceed no further. He was here but a

short time, when the messenger whom he saw the previous night, visited him again, and the first thing he said was, "Why did you not tell your father that which I commanded you to tell him?"

Joseph replied, "I was afraid my father would not believe me."

The angel rejoined, "He will believe every word you say to him."

Joseph then promised the angel that he would do as he had been commanded. Upon this, the messenger departed, and Joseph

returned to the field, where he had left my husband andAlvin; but

when he got there, his father had just gone to the house, as ]\ was somewhat unwell. Joseph then desired Alvin to go straightway and see his father, and inform him that he had something of

great importance to communicate to him, and that he wanted him to come out into the field where they were at work. Alvin did as

he was requested, and when my husband got there, Joseph related to him all that had passed between him and the angel the previous night and that morning. Having heard this account, his father

charged him not to fail in attending strictly to the instruction which he had received from this heavenly messenger.

Soon after Joseph had this conversation with his father, he repaired to the place where the plates were deposited, which place he describes as follows:

"Convenient to the village of Manchester, Ontario Co., New York

stands a hill of considerable size, and the most elevated of any in the neighborhood. On the west side of this hill, not far from the top, under

a stone of considerable size, lay the plates, deposited in a stone box.

This stone was thick and rounding in the middle, on the upper side, and thinner towards the edges, so that the middle part of it was visible above the ground; but the edge all round was covered with earth.

"Having removed the earth, I obtained a lever, which I got fixed under the edge of the stone, and with a little exertion raised it up. I

looked in, and there, indeed, did I behold the plates! the Urim and Thum256 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mini, and the breastplate, as stated by the messenger."Times and

Seasons vol. iii, p. 729; Supp. to Millennial Star, vol. xiv, p. 5; History

of the Church, pp. 15, 16.

While Joseph remained here, the angel showed him, by contrast, the difference between good and evil, and likewise the consequences of both obedience and disobedience to the commandments of God, in such a striking manner, that the impression was always vivid in his memory until the very end of his days; and in

giving a relation of this circumstance, not long prior to his death, he remarked, that "ever afterwards he was willing to keep the commandments of God."

Furthermore, the angel told him, at the interview mentioned last, that the time had not yet come for the plates to be brought forth to the world; that he could not take them from the place

wherein they were deposited until he had learned to keep the comonly till he was willing but able to do it.mandments of God—not

The angel bade Joseph come to this place every year, at the same time of the year, and he would meet him there and give him further instructions.

The ensuing evening, when the family were altogether, Joseph made known to them all that he had communicated to his father in the field, and also of his finding the record, as well as what passed between him and the angel while he was at the place where the plates were deposited.

Sitting up late that evening, in order to converse upon these things, together with overexertion of mind, had much fatigued

Joseph; and when Alvin observed it, he said, "Now, brother, let us

go to bed, and rise early in the morning, in order to finish our day's work at an hour before sunset, then, if mother will get our suppers early, we will have a fine long evening, and we will all sit down for the purpase of listening to you while you tell us the great things which God has revealed to you.

Accordingly, by sunset the next day, we were all seated, and

Joseph commenced telling us the great and glorious things which

God had manifested to him; but, before proceeding, he charged us

not to mention out of the family that which he was about to say to us, as the world was so wicked that when they came to a knowledge of these things they would try to take our lives; and

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 257

that when we should obtain the plates, our names would be cast out as evil by all people. Hence the necessity of suppressing

these things as much as possible, until the time should come for them to go forth to the world.

After giving us this charge, he proceeded to relate further particulars concerning the work which he was appointed to do, and we received them joyfully, never mentioning them except among ourselves, agreeable to the instructions which we had received from him.

From this time forth, Joseph continued to receive instructions from the Lord, and we continued to get the children together every evening, for the purpose of listening while he gave us a relation of the same. I presume our family presented an aspect as

singular as any that ever lived upon the face of the earth—all

seated in a circle, father, mother, sons and daughters, and giving the most profound attention to a boy, eighteen years of age, who had never read the Bible through in his life: he seemed much less

inclined to the perusal of books than any of the rest of our children, but far more given to meditation and deep study;

We were now confirmed in the opinion that God was about to bring to light something upon which we could stay our minds, or that would give us a more perfect knowledge of the plan of salvation and the redemption of the human family. This caused us

greatly to rejoice, the sweetest union and happiness pervaded our house, and tranquility reigned in our midst.

During our evening conversations, Joseph would occasionally give us some of the most amusing recitals that could be imagined.

He would describe the ancient inhabitants of this continent, their dress, mode of traveling, and the animals upon which they rode;

their cities, their buildings, with every particular; their mode of

warfare; and also their religious worship. This he would do with

as much ease, seemingly, as if he had spent his whole life among them.

On the twentysecond of September, 1824, Joseph again visited the place where he found the plates the year previous; and

supposing at this time that the only thing required, in order to possess them until the time for their translation, was to be able to keep the commandments of God—and he firmly believed he could

258 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fully exkeep every commandment which had been given him—he

pected to carry them home with him. Therefore, having arrived at

the place, and uncovering the plates, he put forth his hand and took them up, but, as he was taking them hence, the unhappy thought darted through his mind that probably there was something else in the box besides the plates, which would be of some pecuniary advantage to him. So, in the moment of excitement, he

laid them down very carefully, for the purpose of covering the box, lest some one might happen to pass that way and get whatever there might be remaining in it. After covering it, he turned

round to take the Record again, but behold it was gone, and where, he knew not, neither did he know the means by which it had been taken from him.

At this, as a natural consequence, he was much alarmed. He

kneeled down and asked the Lord why the Record had been taken from him; upon which the angel of the Lord appeared to him, and

told him that he had not done as he had been commanded, for in a former revelation he had been commanded not to lay the plates down, or put them for a moment out of his hands, until he got into the house and deposited them in a chest or trunk, having a good lock and key, and, contrary to this, he had laid them down with the view of securing some fancied or imaginary treasure that remained.

In the moment of excitement, Joseph was overcome by the powers of darkness, and forgot the injunction that was laid upon him.

Having some further conversation with the angel, on this occasion, Joseph was permitted to raise the stone again, when he beheld the plates as he had done before. He immediately reached

forth his hand to take them, but instead of getting them, as he anticipated, he was hurled back upon the ground with great violence. When he recovered, the angel was gone, and he arose and

returned to the house, weeping for grief and disappointment.

As he was aware that we would expect him to bring the plates home with him, he was greatly troubled, fearing that we might doubt his having seen them. As soon as he entered the house,

my husband asked him if he had obtained the plates. The answer

was, "No, father, I could not get them."

HISTORY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH. 259

His father then said, "Did you see them?"

"Yes,"replied Joseph, "I saw them, but could not take them."

"I would have taken them,"rejoined his father, with much earnestness, "if I had been in your place."

"Why,"returned Joseph, in quite a subdued tone, "you do not know what you say. I could not get them, for the angel of

the Lord would not let me."

Joseph then related the circumstance in full, which gave us much uneasiness, as we were afraid that he might utterly fail of obtaining the Record through some neglect on his part. We,

therefore, doubled our diligence in prayer and supplication to God, in order that he might be more fully instructed in his duty, and be preserved from all the wiles and machinations of him "who lieth in wait to deceive."

We were still making arrangements to build us a comfortable house, the management and control of which devolved chiefly upon

Alvin. And when November, 1824, arrived, the frame was raised,

and all the materials necessary for its speedy completion'were procured. This opened to Alvin's mind the pleasing prospect of seeing his father and mother once more comfortable and happy. He

would say, "I am going to have a nice, pleasant room for father and mother to sit in, and everything arranged for their comfort,.and they shall not work any more as they have done."

CHARITY AND ARITHMETIC.

BY S. A. KENNER.

Charity begins at home. Oftener than otherwise, it also ends there.

As the holidays are just past, and at such times everyone is presumed to loosen up a little in the matter of giving out things, the subject is, as a parliamentarian would say, in order.

In a preliminary way, let me remark that there are some stock expressions which pass as adages, aphorisms and the like, but, when analyzed, they have a dual life, so to speak. For instance, we are told

that figures never lie, that parallel lines never meet, and so on. Each

of these is a correct expression, but we all know how figures are made at times to serve the ends of those who in using the truth get down to the danger line of extravagant economy; while the most precious sense

we have—the eyesight—looking out upon a long stretch of straight

railway track, for instance, tells us that parallel lines do meet.

It is an impression that has grown out of observation, more than anything else, that when the gentleman whose name it is not good form to mention wants something performed, altogether worthy his station and calling, he does not secure the services of dishonest or tricky persons; these would likely be as dishonest and tricky with him as with

others, and besides, they would be less able to deceive than some others.

The kind he undoubtedly prefers are those who never make "mislicks,"whose every consummation in life is a perfect equation, who can make a correct exhibit at every stage of all their proceedings. Cashiers, confidential clerks, and so on, who can spend three times as much as they

get in salaries, and show a clean balance sheet on short notice, have the requisite ability; and those who give ostentatious charity, without drawing on their own stores or accounts, have qualities which are not to be

overlooked in the connection spoken of. While it is frequently the case

that the difference between a misdemeanor and an eccentricity depends

CHARITY AND ARITHMETIC. 261

largely upon the size of the person's bank account, it is not always so;

the ability to subtract a greater sum from a smaller one, to divide on the same principle and produce a quotient, and to add sums and make the product more or less (as required) than a strict observance of the oldfashioned rules of mathematics would admit of, are factors not to be overlooked. In all this, there must be no irregularity or departure visible or suspected; it is not the details, not the manner in which things

are done, but the ability to show a conclusion, which will be satisfactory all around, that counts. Let me make the proposition plainer by an incident the like of which occurs, no doubt, every day, but is itself taken

from life: At a certain time and place, three representative citizens were assembled as trustees of a special bequest in the will of a good and prosperous man who had gone before. The decedent had been a business

man who knew how to conduct business, and, as the result of many years of close attention to his affairs, had amassed a comfortable fortune. But

he was getting old, and the grim old fellow with the scythe and hourglass permits only few of us to run beyond the time to which the man spoken of had attained. And realizing that he couldn't take the smallest part of his accumulations with him, he decided that, even in death, he

would have his way as to how the property should be disposed of. So

he made a will disposing of everything in detail. Among the bequests

was one that he doubtless designed should be a monument to him, when he should pass away, and it was to be the return to some of the more needy of those from whom he had obtained his fortune, of a portion of the money—not as a measure of equity but of charity. He could not have

had any advertising advantages in view, for advertisements, like flattery, soothe not "the dull, cold ear of death."The will directed that a goodly

large nor very small—should be distributed to those of hissum—not very

townfolk who needed it, and the three gentlemen spoken of were selected as a committee of distribution, without bonds or other restraining influences. They were discussing ways and means whereby their duties

could be performed most effectively and satisfactorily.

"Allow me to suggest,"said a portlylooking man,who seemed by common consent to act as chairman, "that it would be the very culmination of absurdity to give the money itself to the people. Being poor, they

are either improvident, vicious, or incapable; and, in either case, should

always be the subject of guardianship in the matter of benefices. The design of our departed friend was to do them as much good as possible, and

he would turn over in his grave if any part of his bequest were to be squandered in drink or other harmful ways. In fact, by asking us to act

262 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in their behalf, he must have had in mind the prevention of any such thing, and the securing to the donees some substantial assistance. Don't

you agree with me, gentlemen?"

There being no ground for an argument, the other two assented promptly. "Well, then, I propose that we purchase fuel, clothing and provisions, such as the poorer classes are mostly in need of, always leaning to the substantial rather than the luxurious side of things, and distribute them in accordance with the needs and circumstances of the applicants."

This also met with an unopposed endorsement.

"Then let us begin somewhere, and get down to business,"said "thechairman. "Now, for example, there is the matter of coal. Winter is

at hand, and we want to go if anything rather out of the proportion of things to secure as much of that to the people as possible. We will buy

say, five carloads, which will be a hundred tons, and by this means will get the benefit of wholesale rates—three dollars a ton—and will give

two hundred families half a ton each, which, economically used, should last them half through the winter. Each will receipt to us for his coal,

and we will thus have two hundred receipts, each showing the delivery of a thousand pounds, and, as in such cases retail rates—five dollars a ton

—prevail, we shall enlarge rather than diminish our trust."

"Would not this plan naturally create an increment?"asked one of

the others.

"Assuredly,"replied the chairman.

"And what about it? I mean, how should we dispose of it?

Wouldn't it be a little awkward to us in making a report?"

"Not in the least. It is not difficult to understand that a surplus is

much easier handled than a deficiency."

all that we have of this bequest "But—ah—does not the fact that

is for the benefit of—those, ah—for whom it was bequeathed, occur to

you?"hesitatingly asked the other, who was beginning to disclose the

fact that some lingering remnants of a conscience remained to bless or vex him, as the case might be.

"By no means,"promptly responded the chairman. This is a business

matter, and should be looked at in a businesslike way. The beneficiaries

of this trust have no right to look for more than is orginally provided for them, and, in fact, we have no right to extend it, because, by adding anything, we should thereby curtail, in some measure, the credit due to the donor for his gift. No; it came from him, and we must not seek ta

reduce the honor which attaches to his memory, by making it greater than he made it."

CHARITY AND ARITHMETIC. 263

"But how about making it less?"asked the man with the conscience.

"Who proposes to make it less? We propose to make it just what

was bequeathed—no more, no less. Isn't that enough?"

"But if we manipulate—ah, yes, that is the word—things so that

we show how the greatest possible good to the people is not given, but only the sum in dollars and cents, without reference to their purchasing power—not the money itself, but a fictitious representation of its worth

—will we thereby observe the spirit of the gift, even though we may

comply with its terms literally?"

"My friend, you are disposed to fall into the common error of mixing sentiment with business. They should be kept strictly separate.

The beneficiaries, I repeat, will get all that was left for them, even to the last cent; that is as far as we can go, and all that will be expected

of us.""I would rather let them have the money,"ventured the timid member. "To squander in riotous dissipation or unseemly extravagance, in most cases, and thereby accomplish harm where good was intended! No;

as I said before, we must not do that. My plan is the best. What say

you?"asked the chairman of the member, who had so far been silent.

He concurred. Everything movable yields to brains and perseverance.

"Now, then,"resumed the spokesman, "we will at once proceed to contract for a hundred tons of coal, five tons of flour, a ton of bacon, and such other things as may be most needful and useful, getting the benefit of the wholesale prices, and getting receipts for each item delivered."

The man with the conscience made one more effort. "You are providing for a horizontal increment on the transaction, amounting to about

twentyfive per cent, meaning several hundred dollars. Since, according

to your showing, this will not belong to the beneficiaries of the gift, to whom will it belong? Where will it go? What kind of accounting shall

we make of it?"

"It doesn't need to go anywhere. Anything remaining in the hands

of the trustees after they have fully complied with the terms of their trust is manifestly theirs, to do with as they please. Besides they are

entitled to something for their time and trouble."

"Then why not present bills for such services and have them figure in the regular way?"

"Ah, there you go again—mixing business and charity. We are

now acting as a charitable board, and not presumed to charge for our services.""Yes; I see. It is all right to take, if you don't let it appear. The

264 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

wrongfulness of anything does not consist in the thing itself, but in letting it be found out. Capital idea. Well, gentlemen, I will withdraw,

since my obtuseness prevents me from fully concurring in your views and purposes, and I would not wish to be the means of causing unpleasantness of any kind. If you find any dividend—as you might call it

coming to me, you may pay it over, and it is perhaps needless to say that it will at once find its way to those whom our departed friend designed should have it. Good day."

As the recalcitrant disappeared, the chairman remarked: "Strange

person, that; always stands in his own light, as if he were afraid he might

drift into something profitable. Such people are always poor, and I

guess they ought to be."

In conclusion: It happened once that the only perfect Being who was

ever incarnated, showed a trace of imperfection. He became so indignant at the transactions of certain men that he almost, if not quite, lost

his temper momentarily—long enough to improvise a whip and drive

them out of a sacred edifice which he deemed they were desecrating.

And yet, they were never accused of dishonesty, they were "making money"in accordance with accepted rules, and, no doubt, every one of their transactions squared exactly with business principles and mathematical requirements. Perhaps they were charitable, too. We have no

account that they were not, and that class of men usually are inclined that way, at times.

THE CASTLE BUILDER.

3Y NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OP ADDED UPON,""MARCUS KING

MORMON,"ETC.

PART FIRST.

IV.

ALONG THE COAST TO THE LAND OF ICE AND SNOW.

If there was one form of out door exercise that Harald Einer- -sen injoyed more than another, it was to climb to the top of some high elevation that he might stand and look out over the surrounding view. It was often a hard task to scale some of the highest

peaks around the Lifjord, but that wonderful feeling of expansion which his soul experienced when the summit had been reached, amply paid for the exertion. So, this afternoon, when there was a

pause in the chopping, which seemingly would last all the remainder of the day, Harald, instead of taking it easy as the other choppers were doing, resolved to walk up through the pines to the top of a nearby ridge that he might gaze on what lay beyond. He was

always saying to himself that he wished to see "what was just beyond."

Harald cut a stout birch cane, and left the group of men lying on the grass smoking their pipes. He, also, was a chopper this

summer, the third year after his confirmation, and was now out with his father in the woods. This work had helped to make a

strong, manlike fellow out of him, and he now presented as handsome a picture as one would wish to see. With his cap in his hand,

and his red shirt open at the throat, he met the steep grade with 266 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a firm step, and in half an hour he stood on a ledge of rock from which he could get the desired view. On one side extended the

pine clad hills; and on the other side, at his feet, lay the ocean.

He had never seen such a large stretch of the ocean before, nor had he ever seen it in such a phase as now. He sat down with his

face turned towards it.

The sea was like glass; in the distance, it appeared like a huge

mirror spread out over the earth. Some islands lay out against

the horizon, but they seemed to be lifted up into the air, swimming in a hazy atmosphere of warm, golden color. Sea and sky blended

into one. If a white cloud sailed through the blue of the sky, the

sea also did its best to follow with a changing patch of white.

When the air gently stooped to caress the sea, ripples of joy seemed to dance upon its bosom.

The young man lay quietly, permitting the whole, sweet harmony of the elements to enter his heart; and then this spiritual

elixir penetrated into some innermost recess of his soul, touching a secret spring. Ah, the Viking blood stirs within him; sluggishly

at first, then swifter and swifter, until at last his whole body tingles. The sea calls, and he answers. The wind greets him

and he knows its voice. The waves come rolling towards him;

they must stop on the strand below, but he hears them, and understands their message. "I will come to thee, I will come to thee,"

he whispers, as if he were speaking to a shy maiden at his side.

Then, as he was gazing and dreaming, an ancient Viking fleet seemed to sail before him. The long, open boats, each with its one square

sail filled with wind, came gliding into the scene one by one, until the whole wide expanse was dotted with them. Each ship had a

real shield at the prow, a sign of war, and each vessel was filled with warriors whose battleaxes and spears glistened in the sun.

Then the whole fleet seemed to sail slowly into the distance, and

Harald's heart was dravm out with the departing boats, until at length when they disappeared behind the horizon, the young man leaped to his feet as if he would follow the departing Vikings, to take part in the raids they had planned against some southern shores.

The sound of ringing axes came from below. Harald shook

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 267

himself as if to be free from some charmed power, and then betook himself to work again; but that same afternoon, he made

up his mind to accept the invitation his Uncle Erik had sent him to come to Nordland and join him in his trip to the fishing grounds of Lofoten, the coming winter.

Einer Gundersen had no objections to Harald going to Nordland. There was small opportunity for a young man of Harald's

disposition in or around Updal, and at Lofoten there was always a chance of doing something profitable. Harald, of course, counselled

with his grandmother about it. Halger was now the herder, and

stayed with his grandmother when Harald was away; and the old

lady enjoyed better health than she had for years.

"Yes; my boy,"she had said to him, "I don't see why you

shouldn't go. You are a big, strong boy, and I believe as true as

you are strong. I think I can trust you now. I think I can trust

you to do right under all circumstances, and I do not see why you should not have your chances in life. But Nordland

and Lofoten is a hard life, and you know you are not much of a sailor,""It's not hard to learn, I hope, such a trifle as that, grandmother!"

So it was satisfactorily arranged, and Uncle Erik sent him money enough to pay his fare to Sandstad.

It was in the latter part of August, when he was ready. He

was to go early, that he might take part in some summer fishing before he should go to the more strenuous life at Lofoten.

On the morning of his departure, the whole household was astir. Little Hulda cried when her father lifted Harald's little

wooden box to carry it down to the landing, and so Harald lifted her onto his shoulders and carried her down, while the rest of the family followed. They all tried to appear pleased, but it was useless to try to conceal the deep emotions under which they were

laboring. This was Harald's first long trip away from home, and

there was no telling what might befall him ere h returned—and

is such a cruel thing to dealhe might never return at all—the sea

with. The stepmother, whom Harald had so often of late helped

and comforted, took the parting quite to heart, and there were 268 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tears in the eyes of the father when he pressed Harald's hand and

said: don't drink, "Goodby, my son; be a good boy, and—and,

Harald, shun liquor as you would the very gates of hell. Fishermen

are rough, and they drink much, but don't you do it, Harald, that's a father's last words to you, should he never see you again!"

but grandEven Harald joined in the general sobbing—all

mother—she smiled still.

"Goodby, Harald,"she said, as she patted one cheek and kissed the other, "God bless you, and bring you safely home again."

Harald jumped into his boat, and, seizing the oars, was soon speeding down the fjord. They all stood on the bank waving their

hats and handkerchiefs, until a projecting bank hid them from his sight.

It was a good half day's row, down the fjord to Vangen, but

Harald did not wish the distance shorter that morning. He wished

to take a last look at the familiar scenes of mountain, dell and water, wherein he had herded his sheep, picked berries and fished for the wily trout. Just down that beautiful, grassy slope,

one summer day, with some other boys, he remembered, having rolled old man Hansen's grind stone. What a beautiful sight it

had been, and what a fearful splash it made as it bounded into the deep waters of the fjord! He also remembered how much money

the boys had been compelled to obtain to buy a new one. Here also

was the cosy nook under the crags, where he had become so interested in castle building that he had neglected his sheep. Just

on that ledge, Thora sat, and he had lifted her down. What a

the last time hewee, slender thing she had been, and now—why

saw her, she appeared so like a grown young lady that he had not dared to speak to her.

The boat glided smoothly towards Vangen. The rower must

have reached beyond the region of his boyhood resorts, for now his thoughts were not so much with hill and vale as with the face and form of a pale girl who looked so much like a young woman.

Harald tied his boat at the wharf where the steamer was to touch. He had an hour yet to wait. Asking a ferryman at the

wharf to keep an eye on his boat until his father should come after it, he strolled up the business street of the little town.

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 269

He intended buying a few articles for his journey, but was a little nervous about going to Merchant Bernhard's, his usual place of business; why, he scarcely knew. Certainly he would like to

say goodby to Thora, but somehow there was an unusual fear about it, so he walked by the store without looking in. "How silly I am

getting!"he said to himself. "Thora doesn't work in the store.

What's the matter with me, any way? Thora is a rich merchant's

suddaughter—I am a sheepherder—a woodchopper."Turning

denly, he went into the store and made his purchases.

Now the nearest way to the steamboat landing was directly down the street again, but Harald had abundance of time, so decided to take a stroll another way, that thereby he might pass a whiteresi-painted house, set back in a large grass patch,—the Bernhard

dence. It was a beautiful place, and it would do no harm to take

a last look at it. He saw Thora the moment he turned the corner.

She was at work in the garden, and, just as he passed the gate, she spied him. Her straw hat was lying on the grass, she had a

small flower shovel in her hand. When she saw Harald coming,

she pushed the hair from her eyes, and said:

"Good day, Harald. You are just in time to help me. I was

just wishing some one would come along to assist me with this flower. I want to carry it into the conservatory. Won't you help

me?"Pushing the little gate open Harald went in. He took the

tub containing the plant, and lifted it up on his shoulder, saying, "Tell me where to put it."

"Oh, but I wanted to help you!"she exclaimed. He laughed,

walked across the grass to the glasscovered house at the side of the dwelling, putting his burden down in the spot directed.

"Now, you'll excuse me if I run away so hurriedly,"he said.

"I mustn't miss the steamer."

"Are you going away?"

"Yes; up to Nordland, to Uncle Erik's. Goodby,"and he

held out his hand.

"Well, I didn't know you were going so far.—Well—ah

there's plenty of time—the steamer's always late—Well, thank

you for your help, Harald, goodby,"and she shook his hand.

He hurried away and down to the landing, wishing the steamer 270 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

would come. It was past due now. He had taken his box and the

basket containing his lunch on to the pier, and was now pacing back and forth. Ten minutes, twenty minutes passed, then he

heard the steamer's whistle, down the fjord. Coming up to the

warf, it lay there fully fifteen minutes longer, while the men leisurely unloaded a few boxes, and took on board other articles of freight.

Stowing his box safely away in a corner between decks,

Harald went up again, just as the men were getting ready to throw off the ropes, when he beheld Thora Bernhard coming down the pier. Seeing him at the railing, she walked up the gang

plank and handed him a small basket, saying: "This is for your

lunch, Harald, goodby."Then she stood on the wharf waving her

hand to him. He thought he beheld a soft color of red in each

pale cheek, as the steamer took him farther and farther down the opening waters of the fjord.

That day he saw some of the wonders of Norway's coastline scenery. Hour after hour, the steamer plowed its way through the

maze of fjords and sounds, whose still, deep waters, protected by the outlying islands from the rough winds and waves of the ocean, reflected in its surface the gray of the barren mountains. Every

few hours, the steamer headed up some fjord, stopping at a small town consisting often of but a few houses huddled together under a mountain wall. Then back again, and in and out of channels so

narrow that a stone could be thrown to either side. Harald kept

on deck most of the time, but when evening came, he went down to his box where the heat from the engine was not uncomfortable.

The next morning the steamer lay in the wharf at the city of Trondhjem, and since it would be some hours before it sailed

Harald walked up into the city. He was much interested in what

he saw, this being the first time he had been in a large city.

Especially was he interested in its ancient cathedral, of which he had read, and to which Norway's kings formerly came to be crowned.

In the afternoon the steamer plowed on again. That night

they left the still waters of a protected fjord to get out into the open sea to round a headland. The boat pitched quite lively, but

Harald stood it quite well. In the morning they were again

* THE CASTLE BUILDER. 271

behind some islands, only now and then catching a glimpse of the sea through the openings between two islands.

The youth seemed to be getting a long way from home. Yet

he enjoyed the journey greatly. There was so much to see that

was new to him, while the grand scenery appealed forcibly to his nature. As the steamer crept on jiorthward, he beheld the change

in the nature of the country, and saw that the green spots of earth became fewer and smaller as they came nearer the land of perpetual ice and snow. The air, also, became keen, especially at

night, and now and then he caught a glimpse of newly fallen snow, on the summits of mountains towards the north. Then, life on

board was full of oddities, and there were many strange people whose ways and talk were entertaining to the inexperienced boy.

His lunch baskets were getting low. Of course, he had not

waited long to inspect the basket given him by Thora, and he had found it to contain a liberal supply of fine wheat bread, buttered, and laid with slices of cheese and sausage. Then there was a

small honeycake, and a piece of smoked salmon. These dainties

he had kept as a dessert to his usual meal of rye bread and coffee, eating sparingly of them that they might prolong his pleasure.

But the third day out, the larger basket was empty, and the smaller one contained but one piece of the cake. Sandstad was to

be reached that evening, and Harald thought he would be able to manage until he arrived there. Buying meals at the steamer's

diningtable was beyond his purse. So he nibbled as his cake. It

was certainly genuine honeycake, and not the cheap imitation made from molasses, such as was sold at the booths at the markets.

He could taste the flavor of the honey in it. "I wish there were

more of it,"he mused. '*! wonder if Thora baked it herself."

He had heard that Thora was an excellent cook, and could make all kinds of dainty things. ''Hallo, I believe there is another

piece left. Strange, I did not see it before. Wrapped up in a

separate piece of paper, and crushed, too, all out of shape. What

a shame!"He lifted the small package from the bottom of the basket, took off the double wrapping of paper, and in his hand lay, not a large, beautiful, red rose, nowpiece of honeycake, but a rose—a

crushed and quite withered. Harald was standing, at the time,

272. IMPROVEMENT ERA.

down near the engine room, but the smell from the machineryseemed to stifle him, and so he made his way up on deck. He put

the rose in his coat pocket, and went to the extreme point of the vessel's prow where he could be alone. Then he took the flower

out and smelled its fragrance. Tenderly he turned it over, and

a few detached petals dropped to the deck. He picked them up

again. What did it mean? Had Thora intentionally put it there.

There could be no doubt of that, as the same kind of paper had enwrapped the cake and the rose. He looked at it for a long

time, then carefully enfolded it between the leaves of a note book, and placed that in an inner pocket of his jacket.

He leaned over the railing, and watched the white wave spreading out from the steamer's prow. The sun sank in the

west, and a path of golden light reached from the horizon to the vessel. The sublime solitude of a northern fjord brooded over all,

and the silence seemed broken only by the rhythmical turning of the steamer's propeller. Suddenly the hoarse whistle belched

forth the signal for Sandstad. Boats are now coming out to meet

them, and Harald hurriedly carried his baggage up on deck. The

boats lay alongsides, while an iron door was opened in the side of the steamer out of which he stepped.

"Is that you, Harald?"shouted a big, redbearded man, whom

Harald took to be his uncle Erik.

"Yes,"answered Harald.

"All right, jump in. Anything else? Heave your box in.

Be careful, boy, our boat dances like a cork."

Then they shoved away, the steamer went on its course, and

Uncle Erik pulled with long, steady strokes towards the shore.

V.

HOME LIFE IN THE FAR NORTH.

Sandstad consisted of a score or more houses grouped on the small, level area where a valley opened out upon Lundfjord. A

stream came dashing down the valley from a small lake not half a mile from the sea. The mountains all about were high and steep.

That which Harald had often called "the everlasting pine forest"

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 273

was here absent. Not one tree could be seen an3rwhere, but over

the hillsides were patches of whitebirch, willows, and brush.

Erik Svensen's house stood a few rods up from the strand. It

was two stories high, boarded, and painted white. The side of the

roof towards the sea was covered with wooden shingles, but the side away from the direction of storms and winds, was covered with a green sod. All the houses were of one general type, save that

some showed the bare logs, and were devoid of paint.

Uncle Erik rowed up to the landing by the boathouse. The

two leaped out, and the boat was drawn upon the sand. Shouldering his box, Harald followed his uncle to the house, where he

was kindly received by his aunt Karen and his cousin Dagmar, a fairhaired, rosycheeked girl of sixteen. A number of other

cousins were married and lived at other places on the island.

Sandstad was located on one of the larger islands, just north of the

Lofoten group.

True to the Norwegian custom, the first thing that Harald must do was to eat. There was a whispered consultation between

Dagmar and her mother, and then a white cloth was spread over the table. China dishes, knives, forks, spoons, and, in fact, all the

i;able settings were displayed that Harald occasionally had seen

at the home of some wellto-do bonde* in his own locality. Harald

sat by the tall, square stove in the corner, in which a slow turf fire was burning, and watched with much interest Dagmar at work.

Soon the table was set, and Harald must at once eat, while Dagmar served him. He was not naturally timid, but, this being the

first time he had thus been so much honored, he found it somewhat difficult to act properly. He was hungry from his day's fast,

but he could eat scarcely half of the bowl of thick milk which

Dagmar had prepared by sprinkling sugar and cake crumbs over the thick cream. Then there was the delicious, crisp flad hrod,

(dry, thin, fiat bread) the fresh cod, the cold potatoes, and

coffee. "Now you must eat, Harald,"urged his aunt. "You have

had a long journey, and I know you must be hungry. You are

quite welcome to our poor fare. We haven't much cooked to day,

life or for inheritance. * A freeholder on a small scale—either for

274 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

but I hope you'll make out a supper."Thus the good aunt talked

and urged, until Harald could eat no more, when she reluctantly let him get up from the table.

Soon Uncle Erick and some hired helpers came in. The table

was reset, the white table cloth being taken off, and a large dish of mush being placed before each person. The mush was eaten,

each spoonful being dipped into a cup of milk, placed by each plate to cool it than as a part of the dish.—more

After supper, the men lighted their pipes, and soon the room was filled with smoke. It nearly stifled Harald, as he was not accustomed to such an atmosphere, but he had to bear it, while he waskept busy answering the many questions about the folks down at"

Opdal. Dagmar sat in the further corner of the room with her

knitting, and Harald saw her as through a haze, and he wondered how she could endure breathing the thick tobacco smoke.

After an hour or more of conversation. Aunt Karen came to

his rescue, declaring that he must be tired. She led him up stairs

to his room, and, placing the lamp on a little table, bade him good night. When she had gone, Harald looked in wonder about the

room. The walls and ceiling were boarded and painted. The

floor was also painted. There was a table with a fancy cloth on,,

a bureau, with a glass hanging over it, and some spindlelegged, straightbacked chairs which he was afraid to sit on. On the bed

were two down mattresses, of which he knew only this, that he must sleep between them. The top one must have been made of

the genuine eiderdown, since it puffed up as if it had been filled with air when he moved it. It was difficult for him to go to sleepthat night, tired though he was. Thoughts of Opdal would come,

and how he was resting snugly between soft, warm down, while poor grandmother was sleeping as usual on her bed of sheepskins.

The little oneroomed hut had a charm about it yet, especially when he was so far from it. Grandmother ought to live in such a

room, and sleep in such a bed as he was in! As she got older, her

then, he wondered if Halger wouldbones would ache more—and

provide her with plenty of wood. His first money should go to

grandmother, if God would give him strength and and—yes,

prosper his efforts, grandmother should yet have comfort in herold age.

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 275

Harald found that life in Nordland was quite different from what it was farther south. Even the language was spoken with a

peculiar accent, and he had difficulty in understanding some of the older people. The short summer was drawing to a close, and

every man, woman and child that could be spared, were out in the fields gathering the precious harvest of.barley and potatoes; so his

help came timely to overworked Uncle Erik. The barley had

yielded well that summer, and the land had been favored with a few days of bright, sunny weather, so that the sheaves could be gotten dry to the barn. The potatoes seemed unusually small to

him, but he was told that they were quite large for Nordland. He

and Dagmar did nearly all the potato harvesting, he digging up the potatoes with a heavy pointed hoe, while Dagmar gathered them into sacks.

The strangeness of associating with a girl instead of with boys, as he had done all his previous Hfe, soon wore away, and the two cousins became good friends and companions. Dagmar was somewhat proud of her strong, goodlooking cousin, and it was not long

before she acquainted him with most of the people at Sandstad.

The Sunday rest was used to advantage. There was no church at

Sandstad, but usually some traveling preacher held services in the school house; nearly everybody attended, no matter to what denomination the preacher belonged.

After the rush of harvest was over, there were still a few days of pleasant weather, and so Dagmar fulfilled a promise to take

Harald across the fjord to visit a married sister. The sky was

free from clouds that morning, but the breeze came steadily from the sea, filling the one square sail which Dagmar herself lifted half way up the mast.

"You are a landsman, a farmer,"she laughingly said to Harald, "you sit still on the seat, and let me manage the boat."Then

she went to the tiller and seated herself by it, laughing merrily at him. She was a picture worth looking at, too, in her snugfitting,

gray, flannel dress, her round, rosy face beaming with smiles from the folds of the silken kerchief around her head. "I'll let you

help me a little,"she continued. "Just raise the sail a little, will

you? I think we can stand a little more. There, that will do for

the present; we'll see how it blows, when we get further out."

276 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Harald enjoyed the sail. To lonnge on his seat, with nothingto do but to watch the porpoises make their graceful dives, and to

feel the boat, as it gently rose and fell over the waves, was a new and novel sensation to the young man. Soon they rounded a huge,

steep cliff, from which thousands of birds flew screaming over their heads. Then the boat was headed straight across the fjord to the

opposite shore, which soon arose steep and frowning from the green water.

They landed at the base of a high mountain, where a small cove made a tiny harbor. Into this enclosure, a waterfall came

tumbling from an opening in the rocky height. On one side were

a few square rods of comparatively level land, and on this, close up to the cliffs, stood the fishermen's huts. A boat house stood

near the water, and a stone pier made it easy to land. As they

walked up the path, Harald thought, "What a neat, cosy place to though, especially when the sea rolls high."Notlive—lonesome

a soul came to meet them. Usually, either child or dog, or perhaps

both, made a great commotion when Aunt Dagmar came to see them. It was explained when they found the housewife at work

in the bake house mixing bread, and making great stacks of dough ready for the baking; the two children were fast asleep; and the

dog was away on the other side of the island with Johan, the husband.

Cousin Maria was very much like her sister in looks. She

was pleased to meet Harald, of whom she had heard. She could

not shake hands because of the dough, and kissing is out of the question with Norwegian kinsfolks.

"You are just in time, Dagmar,"said her sister, "to help us with the baking tonight. Johan will soon be back, and we'll begin right away. Johan is preparing to go south with a boatload

of fish, and he must have provisions. And here's Harald, he can

help, too."

"I'm always pleased to be of assistance,"said he.

"You talk!"exclaimed Dagmar, "Harald is one of those goodfor-nothing southerners, you know. What does he know about

baking bread?"

The visitors were led into the main living room, and the noise awoke the two children—a boy of two, and a girl of five—who

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 277

took kindly to Aunt Dagmar, but were shy of the strange man. A

shining, copper coffee pot v/as placed on the stove, and Maria spread the table for a lunch. Then Johan came in and was introduced. He was a typical Norse fisherman; a big, broadshouldered

man with light, curly hair and beard, ruddy face and blue eyes.

Harald liked him at once. He was such an openhearted, merry

soul, that it did not take Harald long to become acquainted with him.

As they sat around the table sipping their coffee through the lumps of sugar, Harald noticed the interior furnishings of the fisherman's house. It was not what he would call "fine,"yet it

was cosy. It had the usual painted ceiling, but the walls were

papered. The floor was as white and clean as if the pine boards

had newly come from the plaining mill. The covering on the

foldedup bed, in the corner, was pure white. The heating stove

shone with new blacking. The two small windows were filled with

flowerS; geraniums, fuchias, and myrtles. It was, in reality, a

warm homenest in the dreary wilds of that northern land.

Then all hands went to the baking. A birchwood fire was

made in the big, open fireplace of the bakehouse. The dough

was placed on one end of a long table, and was then moulded into long rolls. Dagmar divided these, with one cut of her knife, into

pieces about the size of an Qgg, which she passed along to Maria, at the other end of the table. This piece of dough Maria placed

under her rolling pin, and rolled into a round sheet the thickness of cardboard. By this time, the fire had well heated a large, round

iron plate, set on three legs, over the fire, and Johan began his work. With a broad, flat, wooden paddle, he lifted the thin dough

onto the hot plate, let it bake for a moment, then turned it over, and then in another moment threw it onto the floor, which had previously been spread with clean cloths. This, when thoroughly dried, was the flad brod, or flat bread, of the country.

Harald entered merrily into the work, and tried his hand at all the processes. The rolling of the dough into strips was not

difficult, and he could likewise cut off the proper amount; but the

rolling of this lump into the proper thinness, without breaking it, was a trick he could not so easily master; and when he tried the

baking part, he either burned his hands, or the paddle, or the 278 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

bread. The others enjoyed his experiments, and laughed lustily at

his failures.

Night came on, black outside, but the blaze from the fire lighted up the bake house with a ruddy glow. For hours, they

worked, until the pile on the floor grew high, and the dough was exhausted. Then they all went to bed, well tired out.

The next afternoon saw Harald and Dagmar out on the fjord, homeward bound. He had enjoyed his visit very much, and meant

to have more of the company of cousins Johan and Maria. How

happy they were, with their cosy home, their children, and their love for each other! The picture appealed strongly to him. He

had known nothing of such home contentment and happiness.

Would he ever know? Would he ever be a partaker of such love?

Certainly no human being could ask for more than Johan Bernsen had.

The sea was smooth, and the breeze was hardly strong enough to move the boat. Dagmar was at her place by the tiller. She was

not so noisy as usual. Her kerchief had slipped down onto her

shoulders, and Harald saw the light silken curls against the background of green water; but Dagmar was thoughtful, and gazed far

out over the fjord rather than at her companion in the other end of the boat.

Cousin Dagmar was a sweet girl; and no doubt she would make

just such a wife as her sister. She was a worker, too, and not content with the ofttimes, rude environments which he had seen in

other homes. He had some time ago discovered that the best

room of his uncle's had been Dagmar's previous to his coming.

And then the picture in his thoughts became bolder in outline. He,

also, had a home nestling beneath the shelter of the crags. There

was a plot of ground in front in which grew vegetables, and flowers.

Behind the small windowpanes bloomed the geranium and fuchia;

and when he came home, cold and hungry and wet from the sea, one met him at the she would kiss him, then he door—and

would repay her, and then she would dry his clothes and set a steaming supper on the table. Then, perhaps, rosyfingered children would pull at his hair, and climb on his knee. But what

would she look hke then? as sweet as she was now, on the other

side of the sail? Why was she so quiet? Perhaps it was his

THE CASTLE BUILDER. 279

fault. He was also stupid to live so in the uncertain future, when

the real was present with him. Dagmar had treated him so kindly

it did"but—but, he was her cousin, and could not do less—well,

not cost anything to build air castles anyway.

The wind stiffened, the sail filled, and the boat went faster.

Still Dagmar was silent. It was night, ere they reached home;

and when they walked from the boat up to the house, Harald thought she was crying. Had he dared, he would have taken her

hand and enquired about her trouble. She left him at the house.

As Harald entered, a letter was handed to him. It was from grandmother, the first he had received from her, since writing was no

easy task for her.

Grandmother was well, it said. The children Vere growing

fast. Halger was preparing for confirmation. Hulda often asked

about "big brother."Father was away in the forest. The schoolmaster had visited her and enquired after him. She had been down

theto Vangen with some knitting for Merchant Bernhard—by

way, he must not forget to let her know when he needed stockintoings—Miss Bernhardhad treated her so kindly—had taken her

the diningroom and given her coffee and cake. She had asked

about Harald, and had wished to be remembered to him when she wrote. "So, of course, I had to write, Harald, if for nothing more

than to send you greetings from such a sweet young lady as Thora

Bernhard."Harald did not tell the family the latter bit of news. He got

away to his room as soon as possible. Somehow, it seemed to him

that a fair castle which he had built that afternoon was tumbling about his ears, and he was trying to dodge the pieces. Then,

when the tumult was over, out of the mists, away in a dim, beautiful distance, there appeared to him another castle of indescribable grace and loveliness.

Before going to bed that night, he took from the pocket of his coat, hanging on the wall, a little notebook. A withered

rose fell into his hand, and its fragrance was laden with the sweetness of remembrance.

( To be continued.)

STATE EXHIBITION OF ART FABRICS.

REVIEW OF THE EXHIBIT, AND STATEMENT OF THE VALUE

AND PURPOSES OF THE INSTITUTION.

BY ALICE MERRILL HORNE, SECRETARY OF THE UTAH ART INSTITUTE,

AND AUTHOR OF THE ACT CREATING THE SAME.

[The author, Mrs. Alice Merrill Home, was born in a log cabin in

southern Utah, on January 2, 1868. She is a granddaughter of the late

President George A. Smith, and Bathsheba W. Smith, now president of

the Relief Society. Her early life was spent on the ranches of her father

and mother, the pioneers, Clarence and Bathsheba Merrill, in Fillmore?

Millard county, and also in Piute county, where, in accordance with her own way of saying it, she learned to "do things,"one of the primary requisites to success. She came to Salt Lake City when fourteen years

old, and graduated from the University in 1887. Four years later, she

was married to George Henry Home who shortly thereafter fulfilled a mission. During his absence, Mrs. Home taught school, and thus became

interested in art and drawing. To further her desires for a central

state organization to promote art, -she saw it was necessary to become interested in politics, and was later elected, in 1898, to the State Legislature, serving during the third session. It was while acting in this capacity that she introduced the bill which resulted in the present act

creating the Utah Art Institute, passed March 9, 1899. The Art,

Institute was created by proclamation of Governor Heber M. Wells

July 19, and organized July 25, of the same year. It comprises:

an "Annual Art Exhibit"to be held in no city twice in succession; a "State Art Collection;"and "A Course of Public Lectures in Art."

A state appropriation of $1000 per annum provides for the expenses of the Institute. A board of control is appointed by the governor

and Legislative Assembly, consisting of seven persons,—four artists, one

STATE EXHIBITION OF ART FABRICS. 281

architect, one person interested in the manufacture of silk, and one person interested in education—at present grouped as follows: H. L. A.

Culmer, president, Mary Teasdel, vicepresident, J. T. Harwood, George

H. Taggart, artists; W. E. Ware, architect; Mrs. A. W. McCune, silk;

Alice Merrill Home, secretary, education. Editors.]

Art IS the expression of man's joy in his work, and all the joy and love that you weave into the fabric comes out again and belongs to the individual who has the soul to appreciate. Art is beauty, and beauty is a gratification, a peace and a solace to every

normal man and woman. Beautiful sounds, beautiful colors, beautiful proportions,

beautiful thoughts, how our souls hunger for them! Mattfris only mind in an opaque

condition; and all beauty is but a symbol of spirit. Art is the expression of man's joy

in his work. Elbert Hubbard.

The recent Exhibition of art fabrics, given in Salt Lake City, at the old Social Hall, in November last, by the Utah Art Institute, proved a rare treat for artloving people.

Among those who thronged the gallery, an early settler was occasionally seen. "Ah, the quadrilles we danced in that corner!''

an interesting old gentleman was heard to remark to a little whitehaired lady. "Many's the time you've slept snugly in my big

shawl in that window while your father and I danced Sir Roger De

Coverly, and the rest,"exclaimed a fond mother to her daughter of mature years; and the old hall did so abound with pleasant

memories that, at times, the paintings were scarce able to hold their own with those pictures of the past which would steal tenderly forward.

The exhibition was formally opened by Governor Heber M.

Wells, at the public reception given on the first evening. All

came to admire and praise.

The synosure of all eyes was the picture entitled "Harvest

Time,"by Edwin Evans, which easily took the bronze medal of honor. This medal was conferred by the Institute for the best

work of art in the exhibition. This is the one prize which is open

to nonresident artists as well as resident artists. The judges of

award for this medal were very pleased to be able to confer it for so good a picture, and they were disposed to recommend that the medal should not be conferred except to an exceptionally meritorious work, thus making its value much greater.

"Prayer,"by George Henry Taggart, which was accorded the state prize of $300, for best picture in competition, was a general 282 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fovorite. The head of the old man was beautifully done, showing

excellent gradations of light.

"Cloudland,"by H. L. A. Culmer, carried off the $50 prize

offe'red by the Institute for the best water color.

The architectural plans for a modern city cottage, to cost about $2000, seemed to possess a charm for a certain class of visitors. Number 161 (the sketch by A. 0. Treganza, to which

went the $25 prize,) will no doubt materialize, in numerous sections of the state, in due time, for the coming June weddings. This

architectural prize was so favorably received that Z. C. M. I. has

determined to carry the idea further; and, as the next exhibition

will be held in the country, they propose to offer $25, through the

Art Institute, for the best perspective sketch and floor plan of a country home, showing barn, stables and pens, the cost being between $2,500 and $3,000.

Mr. Lee G. Richards, a young Utah art student, who has just

gone to Paris to study, was accorded the student's prize of $10, for an oil portrait of his brother. Lee Richards is a son of Levi and

Lulu Greene Richards, of this young man much may be expected, as he possesses rare artistic ability, and is a serious student. A

student's prize of $10 will be given at the next exhibition by W.

S, McCornick.

A rose design in lace, by Margaret May Merrill, received the prize for best original lace collar; and a bowknot scheme for a

handkerchief was awarded the prize for best lace handkerchief.

The Deseret National Bank has made an offer for the fall exhibition of $25 for lace collar design, the sego lily to enter into the design, which is to be executed in Utah silk.

Miss Clara G. Brooks received the prize for best design of a

chair. The Coop Furniture Co., now offers $5 for best design of

a dressing table.

Some beautiful bits of pyrography were sent by Miss Brooks to receive the prize offered. This lady also took the prize for best

design for silk fabric.

Mr. Jeppsen was given $10 for best clay modeling. This

prize will be offered next year by Zion's Savings Bank.

The gallery, in the recent exhibition, was more interesting than ever before on account of the artistic treatment of the walls:

STATE EXHIBITION OF ART FABRICS. 283

at the base was a dado of rich, red hop sacking, above which a soft tan covered the walls, forming a fitting background for the pictures.

The works of the important artists were grouped so as to give an idea of the style and versatility of the painter. In the center, on the north side, Mr. J. T. Harwood's work was placed. This

collection shows the artist to be a master of his materials. An

eastern artist said, "In the line he pursues, Mr. Harwood is second

to none in America."The artist named was born in Lehi, and

loved to sketch when but a child. A lady who attended school

with him when he was but a lad says that his drawing was admired by all his schoolfellows. From boyhood, he was a hard

worker, following the trade of harnessmaking, in which work he saved money to study art in the California Art School. Taking

the honors there, he returned to Salt Lake City, and opened a -class in drawing. By dint of hard work and good management,

he was able to go to Paris, where he remained 'three years. One

year was spent at the Julien, and two at the Ecoles dc Beaux Arts.

Mr. Harwood was married in Paris, to Miss Hattie Richards,

daughter of Dr. H. J. Richards of this city. Mrs. Harwood, an art

.student herself, was spending some time abroad with her family

visiting England, France, Italy, Belgium and Holland; and, upon

her marriage, went with her husband to spend a three months* honeymoon in the Pont Aven in Brittany. Here Mr. Harwood painted

his "Preparation for Dinner,"which took him into the French Salon,- the government annual exhibition. This great honor, Mr. Harwood

was the first Utahn to receive. Upon arriving home, a studio was

opened, and pupils were taken: meanwhile, the artist produced a

great many pictures. Mr. Harwood is a reader of philosophy, and

is posted on the high class novels, French and English. He is also an

expert gardener, and takes as much pride in scientific study and practical works in this line, as in the production of paintings or etchings. Mr. Harwood conducts the High School drawing of

Salt Lake city, and has a private studio in the Templeton building.

He is an active member of the governing Board of the Institute.

His great success is due to his ability and power to use every waking moment of time in some kind of work; and whether working in his garden, teaching in his school, or sitting at his easel,

284 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the same conscientious, honest, sincere spirit is there. Note, now

the group of pictures: a "Summer Evening"shows a charming

moonlight effect which is broadly painted. "Spring Morning,"a

little child blowing dandelions, a lamb and a field of grass, with a bank covered with willows, in the background, all unite in giving sentiment and the feeling of "spring morning."Portrait of

Miss C, is delicate and poetic. "Maternity,"a large picture,

is a mother and a young babe, seated by a window in which the

Easter lily blooms. Through the window is seen the snowcov-

ered landscape. The writer would call the picture "Purity."

"Autumn,"is a nook under the trees, in City Creek; through the

center runs the stream, which fairly sings. "A Harvest Field,''

"Sunset Glow,""Autumn Haze,"and "After the Rain,"complete an interesting group.

On the right of Mr. Harwood's is seen Mr. George Henry

Taggart's productions: in the center is "Prayer,"the prizepicture

mentioned above; a bust portrait of the late President Snow,,

copied from the full length picture by the same artist which hangs in the Temple; a portrait of Brigham Young shows strong character; a portrait of Mrs. C. is full of artistic qualities; a

lady in white costume, with a background of crimson, the pose is graceful and the colorscheme quite stunning; Portrait of Miss

B., and "The Prospector,"form an excellent collection. Mr.

Taggart, who is also an active member of the Board, was appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John

Hafen, who was intending to leave the state for some time. Mr.

Taggart came here from Buffalo, N. Y., two years ago. He has

exhibited in the Salon and in the World's fair. His work is mostly

n the line of portraits.

At the left of the Harwood group hang the pictures painted by John Hafen, and which show a stride upward compared with his other year's work. "November,""Summer Shadows,"and

"Forest Solitude,"were much admired. "On Mountains High,"a

small picture, has qualities that are great; the sparkling light

effect, the repose, and the sentiment, are charming. "Lake

Mary by Moonlight"is striking, and gives the sentiment of that weird scene. "Lake Mary"portrays the same.scene by the light

of day. Mr. Hafen studied in Paris about one year. He possesses

STATE EXHIBITION OF ART FABRICS. 285

a natural feeling for art that, coupled with hard work, will make him famous.

At the east end, Mr. Culmer's water colors are placed. Three

of these—''Summer Skies,""Twilight,"and "Cloudland,"the prizein advance of Mr. Culmer's previous work. **Thepicture—are

Grand Canyon"is a strong water color, which seems to have the oil technique. "Vermillion Cliff,"southern Utah, is another strong

though small picture. Mr. Culmer is the President of the Utah

Art Institute. He began sketching and painting after twentyfive

years of age, and his pictures are produced during holidays and between business hours.

Miss Mary Teasdel's work occupies the centre of the south wall. "The French Peasant Knitting"was bought by the institute

a year ago. This picture is charming in tone, and has strong

values. In fact, it is a comphment to Miss Teasdel's work that her

collection could hold by the side of Edwin Evans "Grain Field"which is the strongest, lightest, spot in the exhibit. It is pleasant

to note that this woman's work has for its best points, broadness, bigness, and strength. Miss Teasdel has a better understanding

of tone and composition than most of the artists here. "Mother

and Child"has charming color, "A Portrait Study"carries well a great distance, and "French Fishing Boats"is novel and pleasant in composition. She shows a miniature that was accepted in the

French exposition, and two miniatures exhibited in the Salon. Miss

Teasdel is the daughter of the late S. P. Teasdel, and very early in

life determined to pursue the study of art. With rare determination and strength, she has overcome many obstacles, and succeeded

in spending one year in New York, and three in Paris; at the end

of this time, she had three miniatures accepted at the Salon, also a large portrait picture, making the second Utah artist to be there accepted; beside, as has already been mentioned, a higher honor

was bestowed by the acceptance of still another miniature by the

Paris exposition. Miss Teasdel is vice president of the Art Institute, and conducts a class in art in her studio at her home.

Mr. Edwin Evans sent but two pictures. His "Utah Lake"is

strong and characteristic. He was born in Utah County and may

be called Utah's painter of sunlight. Two years study in Paris

placed Evans in the World's fair, an achievement which no other 286 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

artist has made in so short a period Mr. Evans is a psychologistr

of no mean order, and is the art instructor in the University of

Utah. He is an active worker in the lectureship committee of

the Art Institute.

Mr. Honri Young showed some good drawings. This young

art student, a grandson of President Brigham Young, is now in

Paris studying. He is gifted in modeling, and his pencilwork for

illustration is very good. His friends predict success for this

talented boy.

Meritorious work was exhibited by others whom space forbids me to mention in detail.

This brief review, for lack of space, is naturally very incomplete, but will perhaps give some idea of the scope of the exhibit.

As to the purpose for which the Art Institute has been established, as the author of the bill, I may say the phase of slavish work, as opposed to pleasureable occupation, which thrusts itself forward on every hand, and which will drag the spiritual down below the physical, was the incentive which caused the author of the art bill to attempt some measure to bring art, which is the element of beauty, into prominence.

An important part of the duties of the Art Institute is to advise with superintendents of schools as to courses in drawing, through this means drawing and design are brought to the attention of the teachers; and, with their cooperation, popular instruction in the elements of beauty in design and construction is sought

to be secured. It was the hope, also, that the teachers of the

state would become interested, and study this subject as they would any other branch of education. This accomplished, the Art

Institute, the recognized head of drawing and art, Utah would hold a unique place in art work, and art instruction would then be placed above the limitations of any "system"of drawing. Originality would thus have full swing.

So far, this hope is approaching a happy realization. Many

teachers, through the combined efforts of superintendents and artists, are studying art practically. This influences the pupils

under such teachers, and in this way the masses will be built up.

What nobler thing is there than to encourage work that is pleasureable? Whenever the element of beauty enters into the construe--

STATE EXHIBITION OF ARl FABRICS. 287

tion or design of anything, pleasure is produced. If, in Utah,

workers may appreciate the beautiful, and desire to give beauty, whether expressed in strength, color, line or form, to the creations of their hands, then shall work become a pleasure, wealth will fill our coffers being exchanged for our productions which will be sought by others for their art quality.

How sad to see people work and take no pleasure in the doing of it. If work is to be thorough and good, it must be enjoyed;

bring in the thought of beauty, of being welldone, and work becomes a joy.

These exhibitions are designed to place before the people good pictures, good designs, good modeling, and so on; to create

a taste for, and a desire to produce, works of art. Prizes are

offered to stimulate work in certain lines. Many of these become

the property of the institute and are known as the Alice Art Collection. These pictures and art fabrics are held, and loaned out

for educational purposes, to students in different parts of the state.

An extract from a letter written by Elder Samuel Russell, now on a mission in Germany, on the value of art construction, is offered, in conclusion, in the hope that it may be suggestive of help to the hosts of young men who read the Era. He says

It was a pleasure to learn of the Art Exhibit. We have much talent

in Utah, and much native force that should be turned to art and kindred accomplishments. Our struggle with the elements, and the soil, has

been brought to a successful issue, and the rising generation has a foundation which should support them in the attainment of the nobler graces and the culture which make life enjoyable and elevating. In

the practical lines, the people are further advanced here than at home, and I must admire the stability of things in general. We are going so

fast at home that we do not stop to think, and look whither we are going. Of course, conservatism will come with the times. I wish that

more of our young men would give themselves to architecture, engineering, and construction work in general, instead of paying so much attention to dentistry, medicine and law.

Every girl here knows how to knit and crochet. The work in lace

and silk is very fine, and forms a large part of the exports of this country. Much of the industry is found in the homes of the people who

live contiguous to the large factories. Everybody works here, and in

many homes are found the old wheels for reeling silk, and hemp, and linen.

MESSAGES FROM JAPAN.

[The Era presents to its readers a good portrait of Apostle Heber

J. Grant, the First Assistant in the General Superintendency Y. M. M.

I. A., now on a mission in Japan, where he and his companions—Elders

Alma 0. Taylor, Horace S. Ensign and Lewis A. Kelsch—are seeking to

introduce the Gospel. He was born in Salt Lake City, Nov. 22, 1856, and

was ordained one of the Twelve Apostles, October 16, 1882. Elder Grant's

time is fully and earnestly occupied in learning a new language, but his thoughts are often with the young people of Zion,to whom, in a note to the editors, dated Tokio, Japan, November 19,1901, he sends his love and best wishes,adding: "I am deeply interested in the ERA,and with all my heart

wish success to attend it. I have found some of the articles in it of

great value to me since I arrived here."

On leaving Utah, last Pioneer Day, he took with him many papers which he had not found time to assort prior to his departure. One of

these, which he justly considers good reading for the young men, he returns, in response to a request for something from his pen. It is an address delivered by him to the students of the University of Utah* Prior

to the removal of this educational institution to its present home, he was requested to conduct the chapel services for one week. His duty was

to pray, and to speak for a few moments, each morning. On one occasion, he could not be present, and so wrote this address, sending it to the

students to be read. Editors.]

HAVE A PURPOSE IN LIFE.

BY APOSTLE HEBER J, GRANT.

To the students of the University of Utah:—

Inasmuch as it is impossible to be with you at your devotional exercises tomorrow morning, I take the opportunity of dictating a

MESSAGES FROM JAPAN. 289

few words to be read by Professor L3mian, orwhomever he may select.

This is my first attempt at dictating anything to be read to an audience, and [ do not expect to be able to express myself as satisfactorily on paper as I could, were I permitted, to meet with you and enjoy the inspiration of your countenances to assist me in what I had to say.

Continuing my remarks of this morning, I wish to urge upon you to have a purpose in life, and to labor with all the zeal and energy which you possess to accomplish that purpose. Samuel Smiles

has said that "purposes are like eggs; unless they are hatched into

action, they will run into decay."You are all aware of the utter

lack of value of decayed eggs, and, therefore, I appeal to you not to allow your purposes to become like unto them. It has been said

for showthat "knowledge without practice is like a glass eye—all

and nothing for use."Try always to make practical use of the

knowledge that you gain while in school. The oftener you use

your information, the greater will be your ability to do so, and the more good you can do to your companions.

An Irishman was met on the street one day, and his friend remarked, "Hello, Pat, I see you have a glass eye.""Yis; but

faith, the thing is a great fraud. Niver a bit can I see out of it."

Don't allow your knowledge to be as worthless as Pat's glass eye, but see through it and use it, not only for your own benefit, but for the benefit of your associates.

Every kind word spoken gives you greater ability to speak another. Every act of assistance rendered by you, through the

knowledge that you possess, to aid one of your fellows, gives you greater ability to aid the next one. Good acts grow upon a person. I have sometimes thought that many men, judging from their

utter lack of kindness and of a disposition to aid others, imagined that if they were to say or do a kind thing, it would destroy their capacity to perform a kind act or say a kind word in the future.

If you have a granary full of grain, and you give away a sack or two, there remain that many less in your granary, but if you perform a kind act or add words of encouragement to one in distress, who is struggling along in the battle of life, the greater is your capacity to do this in the future. Don't go through life with

your lips sealed against words of kindness and encouragement.

290 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

nor your hearts sealed against performing labors for another.

Make a motto in life: always try and assist someone else to carry

his burden. The true key to happiness in life is to labor for the

happiness of others. I pity the selfish man who has never experienced the joy which comes to those who receive the thanks and

gratitude of the people whom they may have aided in the struggle of life. I commend Longfellow's "Psalm of Life"to your careful

perusal.

It has been said that, "To do that which before us lies in daily life is the prime wisdom."By having this for a motto, in

addition to having a purpose in life, and making practical use of our knowledge, I have no fear but that all the students of the

University, in after years, will be instruments for good in the hands of God, in accomplishing his purposes on earth.

The president of the University of Utah, Joseph T. Kingsbury,

whom I am sure you all love and respect, is an example of fidelity and enduring devotion to the duties that daily come up before him, and I commend that example to you.

The lasting devotion of Dr. John R. Park has been one of the

bright, particular stars which has helped to guide me so far through the battle of life, and there is in my heart a debt of gratitude for him and others to whom I feel that I owe much for the limited success which has attended my efforts. I know that Dr.

Park is made happy in knowing of the success of any of the boys and girls who were his pupils. I know that you love and respect

the president of your university, and in no way can you show that love in a manner that will be more highly appreciated by him than in doing your duty, and living worthy lives, both while in and out of school.

The University, to a certain extent, is judged by it graduates.

Let every student feel that when he shall graduate and go forth to do the battle of life, that he will so order his conduct that he will bring credit to himself, and thereby, of necessity, credit to the institution of learning to which he owes so much.

All that I have said with reference to showing your love and gratitude to the president of your institution, applies with equal force to the professors, who labor diligently for your advancement;

and, above and beyond this, it applies to your fathers and your

MESSAGES FROM JAPAN. 291

mothers, to whose hearts you can in no other way bring greater joy than by faithfully performing the daily duties that devolve upon you, and living worthy lives,

I am reminded that if I were talking to you, it would now be about time for the bell to ring, announcing that the time has expired for your devotional services; and, therefore, I will close with

the earnest prayer that God, our Heavenly Father will bless each of you, that you may enjoy his Holy Spirit to guide and direct you through all the changing scenes of life; that peace, prosperity,

and happiness, may be your portion in this life, and that you will be welcomed back into his presence in the life to come, there to have an eternity of joy.

I am sincerely your friend and brother in the 'cause of true education, which, to my mind, embraces an earnest desire for the guidance of the Father of our spirits which are eternal.

LIFE IN THE ORIENT.

BY ALMA 0. TAYLOR.

Brother Ensign and myself are now situated at a Japanese hotel where the people do not speak a word of EngHsh. The manner we have of making known what we want by signs, and by an

occasional word of Japanese, is rather new, and in some respects, unpleasant; but we are in this land for the glory of the Lord, and,

therefore, rejoice in the trials of the present, looking forward to the time when our ignorance of the native tongue will have grown into an ability to speak and understand it sufficiently to proclaim clearly the saving truths of the Gospel.

We eat with chopsticks, and have already become so expert, as beginners, that those around us are astonished at what they call our cleverness. The Japanese diet is not yet very appetizing, for

the reason that it requires considerable time to become accustomed 292 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to raw fish, rice, and vegetables spoiled in cooking. We enjoy the

luxuries and inconveniences (for there are both) of Japanese baths, and sleeping in a bed on the floor. The bed is made of four large

"footons"which resemble quilts very much,only that they are considerably thicker, and a pillow some six inches in diameter and about one foot long, and nearly as hard as a block of wood. We take

our shoes off before we enter the house, and sit around in our room with soft slippers on. When visitors call, we invite them to sit on

the floor, as the native fashion is, and supply them with a dish of tea, another national trait of Japan.

The fires for heating purposes are very crude, and, indeed, quite poor warming implements for winter time.

The report of the special conference reached us by today's mail, and in reading the account of the proceedings, I have been filled with what seems to have been the same excellent spirit manifested on that occasion, and I rejoice exceedingly in the unity of the Church, accepting with all Israel the leaders of our work, reflecting upon their ability with a thankful heart and feelings of

love.

The labor of establishing a mission in this land is against many odds, but we feel confident that the darkness of the present will disappear when the light and truths of the Gospel can be proclaimed, by the Spirit of God, through his servants, and when they shall be able to speak unto the people jn their own tongue; and

that in no distant future Japan will be a fruitful field in which the seed of righteousness will grow and bear abundantly unto the kingdom of God.

Praying God to prosper the Era, bless its editors, and all who are engaged in the excellent work of improvement among the youth of Zion, I subscribe myself.

Your brother in the cause of truth.

Alma 0. Taylor.

BITS OF RECENT FARM SCIENCE.

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, DIRECTOR EXPERIMENT STATION, STATE

AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, LOGAN, UTAH.

Plant Breeding* That man shall in time be master of all of nature's laws, is a hope of past ages that has become a belief of this age. However,

in spite of the recent great progress of the world, man finds himself, today, confronted by a number of problems that are so subtle and intricate, that their solution appears to be as far away as ever. Among these problems, the most difficult are those that in

any way connect themselves with life. The lifeless thing, though

full of mysteries, reveals itself to the searcher, and, once stripped of vagueness, its true nature is known forever. But the living

thing evades and eludes; and, once caught and made to give up a

secret, cannot be depended on to act precisely in the same manner again. The mystery of life baffles man on every hand.

Nevertheless, in conformity with the perverseness of the human mind, men are most strongly attracted to the problems that seem unsolvable; and especially to the action and control of life.

The many persons who have given time and thought to the nature of life, have learned much that explains the action of living things, and, in a very humble way, have become enabled to control this action. So encouraging are these results, that we are prone

to believe that the time is not so very far distant when animate nature shall be subject, in its action, to the will of man. The

subject is a vast one; and this note is intended only to show how

one law of life is being made, in one way, to benefit mankind.

The law of heredity that in a majority of cases "like begets like,"has been used, for a number of years, to produce results of 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

importance to man. Among these, the following two may be

mentioned.

Professor Willet M. Hays, of the Minnesota Experiment

Station, some ten years ago, undertook the study of the wheat problem of his state, and decided that the income of the farmers could be greatly increased, if varieties of wheat could be obtained that yielded a few bushels more to the acre than the best then used on Minnesota farms. Accordingly, he obtained a supply of the

wheats that had given the greatest yield per acre for several seasons past, and began to apply to them the law that "like begets like,"in the development of a better variety. Four hundred plants of each of these varieties were planted out on small

plats; and in the fall, ten of the best plants were selected, from

each variety, and threshed out separately. The kernels from each

plant were counted and weighed, and the seed of the best quality from the best plant kept for seed the next season. This process

was repeated each year for four years. The parent variety of one

of the best yielders, during the four years, gave 22.5 bushels per

acre, annually, while the selected variety, after four years, yielded 28.3 bushels, or a difference of 5.8 bushels. This is a wonderful

difference, which shows markedly to what a large extent man is able to influence plant growth.

An even more interesting experiment has been going on at the

Illinois Experiment Station for some years past. In the state of

Illinois, large quantities of corn are grown annually. The corn is

used in two ways; namely, as a cattle feed, and in the production

of starch. Now, as a cattle feed, corn is deficient in the substance protein, which is the musclebuilding portion, and the

richer corn is in this substance, the better for the farmer who feeds corn. On the other hand, the starch factories prefer corn

that is very rich in starch and oil. It occurred to Dr. Hopkins,

the chemist at the Illinois Station, that it might be possible to influence the corn kernel in either of these two directions, by a proper system of selection; and soon after his experiments were

begun, he obtained very marked results. From a field of corn, the

best ears were selected, and a row of kernels from each ear was carefully analyzed. All the ears that were especially rich in

protein were laid to one side, and those rich in starch, to the

BITS OF RECENT FARM SCIENCE. 295

other. In the spring, this selected corn was planted, and the same

processes of selection and analysis employed. After two years, it

was observed that the corn grown from the seed rich in protein, was especially rich in protein, and that the crops from the seed rich in starch were very starchy. For instance, the corn poor in protein

produced seed containing 10.55 per cent, while that high in protein,

produced seed containing 11.10 per cent, a difference of over one

half per cent. The corn poor in fat produced seed containing

3.84 per cent, while that rich in fat produced seed with 5.29 per

cent, a difference of 1.45 per cent. These differences are so great

as to be of great economic importance. If the differences can be

made still more marked, their values will be so much greater.

Just how far this process may be carried, is difficult to say, but we are safe in believing that beyond a certain degree, man will not be enabled to effect further change. Similar experiments, with similar results, are being carried on with a great variety of plants.

The subject is fascinating, and leads into the depths of modern world philosophy.

From these experiments, Utah farmers might well draw valuable lessons. Would it not be a profitable practice to give

greater attention to the choice of seed for the various crops?

Each farmer could, with little labor, so select and grade his wheat, for instance, as to be certain of the best results. Then it would be

well to remember that, according to the law of heredity, the descendants of plants grown under our arid conditions, are likely to withstand the rigors of our climate better than seed imported from localities with different climatic conditions, and consequently, as an illustration, the socalled dry farmers, who frequently purchase for seed wheat raised on irrigated farms, should use the seed of wheat raised without irrigation. It is an important subject

worthy the consideration of all thoughtful people.

Forests and Snow.

Much has been said of late years concerning the value of forests and mountain grasses in retaining the snow and water of the mountains, until the irrigation season begins. Frequently,

these discussions have been theoretical, and, in fact, the student of 296 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the subject can find the record of very few experiments that deal with it.

Director L. G. Carpenter of the Colorado Experiment Station,

who is an eminent student of irrigation questions, has attacked the subject in a strictly scientific manner. There was a heavy snowfall during the winter of 1899, and he decided to go up into the

mountains, to satisfy himself by actual observation whether forests had any important influence in retaining the snow. He says,

Correspondence had been opened with mountain friends, who, with long acquaintance with mountain conditions, had had unusual chances for observation. They were asked to let me know when the snow cover had

so melted that the ground appeared in places, and also the places where green timber and bare spots were near together, so that the conditions could be readily compared. Reports that the conditions were favorable

were received from three correspondents on the same day. The snow

fields were melting so fast that only one section could be visited while the conditions were favorable. Two places, some twenty miles apart,

were visited.

While on these visits. Professor Carpenter took a series of

photographs illustrating the influence of forests on snow; and, as

he says, "It is believed that no more striking photographs on this subject have been brought together."The first two views are taken

from the same place, but looking in different directions. The first

view is to the northwest, and shows an ordinary forest grove, the trees of which, however, have been killed by a forest fire, or some equally effective cause. The ground around the trees is bare, and

there is not a sign of snow anywhere on the picture. The second

view, looking to the northeast, shows a similar grove of trees alive, and in first class condition. Snow is heaped up among the

trees to a depth of several feet. These two pictures were taken

on the same day. A more striking contrast, showing how the

forest cover retards the melting of the mountain snows, can hardly be imagined. The other pictures show the same effect in an

equally striking manner.

From his studies. Professor Carpenter draws a number of

important conclusions, among which the following may be mentioned: The mountain streams, in the early irrigation season, are

largely supplied by melting snow. The loss of snow by evaporaBITS OF RECENT FARM SCIENCE. 297

tion is considerable, especially when exposed to winds. Snow

remains in the. timber and in protected spots much longer than

where exposed; which is due not so much to drifting, as to shelter

from the radiation, afforded by the forest cover. The loss of

the forest cover means more violent fluctuation during the day;

also the 'water runs off sooner, hence the streams drop earlier in the summer and the summer and winter flow is smaller. The

preservation of the forest is an absolute necessity for the interest of irrigation agriculture.

These are conclusions of importance to Utah, whose prosperity depends upon irrigation. Irrigation depends upon the

summer water supply; which in turn depends on the retention of

the snows in the mountains, until late in the season. In this, the

forests are most effective. Our forests should be cherished; every

good tree taken from them should be replaced by a young one.

Wheat Fatming and Soil Fertility.

While widely heralded experiments on submarine and aerial navigation, and wireless telegraphy, are going on, earnest workers are faithfully investigating the more important problems that are connected with the supply of the food stuffs of the race. One of

the latest contributions to this subject is a bulletin by Professor

Harry Snyder of the Minnesota Experiment Station, entitled, "The influence of Wheat Farming upon Soil Fertility."It is an unquestioned fact that continuous wheat farming tends to diminish the

fertility of soils, and it is an important matter to know how such exhaustion may be prevented, or the lost fertility restored.

In the year 1892, Professor Snyder laid off two plots on the station farm for the purposes of his investigation. The soil was

representative of first class farm land. On plot No, 1, wheat was

grown year after year, without the addition of manure or any other artificial fertilizer. The average yield of wheat, during eight

years, was 15.5 bushels to the acre. On plot No. 2, wheat was

grown continuously, except that two years out of the eight, clover was the crop grown. The average yield of wheat on this plot was

18.8 bushels per acre. This is a difference of 3.3 bushels in favor

of the plot on which clover was grown at intervals of five years.

It was also noticed that the yields on the second plot were increas298 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

ing from year to year, while on the first plot the annual yield had a tendency to decrease, (the difl'erence between the two plots, the last year, being 5.6 bushels); so that the difference in the present

fertility of the two plots is greater than is indicated by the average differences of yields.

The cause of the diminution of soil fertility under a system of continuous wheat culture is due, mainly, to the loss of the element nitrogen. This element is found in all plant parts, and is indispensable to plant growth. In the soil, it occurs generally in the animal

and vegetable residues found in the soil. As decay goes on, there

is a rapid decline of these organic matters of the soil, and a corresponding loss of the element nitrogen. In 1892, at the beginning of the experiment, Professor Snyder found that the soil of

the two plots contained 0.221 per cent of nitrogen; i. e,, an acre,

to the depth of nine inches, contained about 7,700 pounds of nitrogen. In 1900, the plot on which wheat had been grown

continually contained 0,173 per cent of nitrogen or about 6000 pounds. During eight years there had been a loss of 1700 pounds

nitrogen, or nearly 22 per cent of the whole quantity in the soil.

The actual amount of nitrogen removed by the crop did not exceed 300 pounds; the remaining 1400 were lost by the processes of

decay that go on in cultivated soils. If purchased in commercial

forms, as is done in the East and in Europe, this nitrogen would cost at least fourteen cents a pound for its return to the soil.

This heavy loss of nitrogen has resulted in reducing, gradually, the wheat producing power of the soil.

Plot No. 2, which in 1892 contained the same amount of

nitrogen as No. 1, contained in 1900, 0.198 per cent, equivalent to

a loss of 800 pounds. About 350 pounds of nitrogen were taken

away by the crops, leaving an actual loss of 450 pounds of nitrogen during the eight years. This is less than one third of the

1400 pounds lost by plot No. 1. The occasional growth of clover

was shown, therefore, to be of high value in restoring soil fertility.

It is well known that clover, peas, beans, lucern, and all pod bearing plants have the power of gathering nitrogen from the air, and storing it in the soil. The experiments reported by Professor

Snyder simply prove the truth of the theory.

In Utah, an irrational system of farming has been practiced

BITS OF RECENT FARM SCIENCE. 299'

by many people, and, as a consequence, many farms now yield much less than they did some years ago. The practice of growing

one crop on the same land year after year is perhaps the worst.

The summer fallow, or resting period given the land, though it aids the land greatly, can not restore the lost nitrogen. The

proper rotation of crops should be understood and practiced by all farmers; when that time comes, we shall no longer hear anything

said about wornout land. To "wear out land"is to farm incorrectly or carelessly. This is a good subject for the study of

farmer boys who read the Era.

PLEASANT MANNERS.

It is a pleasure to meet people who are pleasant and kind; who

do not seek to extinguish you with disdain or humiliate you with indifference. People can be overpleasant as well as overbearing, but the former is infinitely preferable. Habit has something to do with a person's behavior, although disposition is the

strongest element. Money enters into the life of some, and makes

them haughty and overbearing, who, lacking it, would have been, kind and considerate. Jesus inveighed most strongly against

pride and haughtiness, and said the Publican was justified rather than the proud Pharisee, notwithstanding the lengthy prayers of the latter. In view of the shortness of life, and its many unavoidable

cares and troubles, we think it is a wise thing to cultivate a pleasant manner toward all. "0, why should the spirit of mortal be proud?"

must be an inscrutible puzzle from any true and just point of view.

"Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall,"is as true today, as in the long ago when it was written. Pope

calls pride the neverfailing vice of fools, and wisely, too, I think.

There is in pride and haughtiness a disennobling of men beyond computation. If pride is not vice, it can lay little claim to virtue.

Why, then, be proud and haughty? Rich or poor, high or

low, should shun its narrowing spirit, and learn to practice a pleasant manner, and a courteous spirit of kindness towards all whom they may meet in this world. Mrs. Ida Prentice.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Out New Teffitofy.

Much has been said by the great political parties,in our country, about the relations that exist between us and the new territory which we have recently acquired as a result of our war with Spain. A

recent decision of the United States Supreme Court has now fixed the status between us and them; and, from a legal point of view,the

decision is, of course, conclusive; unless, however, it should subsequently be overruled. The decision was brought about by one of our

soldiers who brought with him from the Philippines some fourteen diamond rings. The soldier's name is Pepke, and the case is popularly called the Ring Case. The rings were brought to the United

States after the treaty between this country and Spain had been signed, and were4;aken at the port of San Francisco by the United

States officers because of Pepke's refusal to pay the tariff on them.

The Supreme Court said that these rings were not imported from a "foreign country,"and, therefore, not under the provisions of the tariff which relates to the importation of goods from a "foreign country."

It is curious to know that, in connection with this decision, a resolution passed by the United States Senate was discussed by the

Supreme Court. The Senate resolution reads as follows: "By the

ratification of the treaty of peace with Spain, it is not intended to incorporate the inhabitants of the Philippine Islands into citizenship of the United States, nor is it intended permanently to annex

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 301

said islands as an integral part of the territory of the United

States."Such clause the Supreme Court said had no legal, binding effect whatever, and that the Senate had no right to inject into the treaty any clause of that character. According to the decision, it

may, then, be said that territory acquired by the United States, as by wars and treaties, but not incorporated into the United States by an act of Congress, would claim for its inhabitants the status of citizens, as its inhabitants are treated as subjects. It will

readily be seen that imperialism is as easy under the constitution of the United States as it is under that of Great Britain. The inhabitants of the territories, it is said, are entitled to all those universal rights of man contained chiefly in the amendments to the

Constitution, but not to the special rights which that instrument confers upon the people of the United States.

To sum up the results of the decision, and of the decision in the case of Porto Rico, it may be said that territory acquired by conquest or treaty ceases to be a foreign country, so that the tariff which relates to foreign countries does not apply. Secondly, such

territory is not a part of the United States, and, therefore, that clause of the Constitution which provides that all duties shall be uniform throughout the United States does not apply. From

these conclusions, it will be seen that Congress has full power to frame special tariffs on all goods passing either to the United

States, from such domestic territory, or to such territory, from the

United States.

Lord's Prayer, The AttorneyGeneral of Minnesota has recently handed down an opinion to the effect that it is unlawful to utter the Lord's prayer in any of the public schools of the state. This decision has

been rendered under a provision of the Minnesota constitution, which says: "Nor shall any man be compelled to attend, erect or

support any place of worship."The constitutional provision is quite

universal throughout this country, and its principles are generally accepted by the common law of the land. The Lord's prayer, then,

according to the attorneygeneral's logic,is a form of worship; and,

if rendered in the school room, the school room becomes a place 302 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of worship, which the taxpayer must support, contrary to the provisions of the constitution.

If the ruling is sound, and is ever generally received throughout this country, the practice of appointing chaplains in our legislatures and in Congress will have to cease. All evidences, therefore, that we are a Christian people must be removed from every

function of the state. Those who are opposed, and practically all

were opposed, to the recognition of any 'form of worship in the state, can hardly have intended that the distinction between church and state should go so far as to remove all evidence of the Christian civilization upon which the state has been founded. We believe that such an interpretation disregards the true intent of those

most instrumental in founding the institutions of our country, and preserving therein a distinction between church and state.

Vast Contributions to Education.

Mrs. Stanford recently contributed to the Leland Stanford

University in California, a university founded by her late husband, the magnificent sum of thirty million dollars. This is certainly the

largest single gift that has ever been made in this country to any institution of learning, and that great institution is today, no doubt, the most liberally endowed of any in the land.

At about the same time that Mrs. Stanford was bestowing her

wealth, in bulk, to Leland Stanford, Andrew Carnegie was making arrangements to give ten millions to university education in Washington. The purpose, however, of the Washington University, as

the leading educators of our country view it, is not the establishment of a regular school of learning, similar to those already in existence, but a school of investigation and research work, where the students may avail themselves of the vast accumulation of information which the national government every year is piling up, and in which class of institutions this country is sadly deficient compared with the nations of much less prominence in the old world.

Long Distance Wireless Telegftaphy.

The world of late has been greatly entertained and instructed.-by the invention and discovery of wireless telegraphy. The prinCURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 303

ciple upon which this system of telegraphy operates is that the atmosphere surrounding the earth contains well defined electric currents along which telegraphic communications may be conveyed as they have been for so many years along telegraph wire.

The most conspicuous figure in the work, along the line of wireless telegraphy, has been a celebrated Italian by the name of

Guglielmo Marconi. This great inventor was not satisfied by the

use to which he put his wireless telegraphy over short distances, but determined to give it a test across the ocean. He, therefore,

erected a station in Poldhu, of Cornwall, England. On this side

of the Atlantic, a receiving instrument was put up in Newfoundland, seventeen hundred miles distant. The message transmitted

across the ocean was the letter S, in the language of the telegrapher, three dots. From the fact that the electric current is so

far above the surface of the earth, it was necessary to carry the wire up in its elevated position by means of a balloon. Should this

discovery have a subsequent practical value, it will eventually do much to cheapen the means of communicating to transatlantic countries.

At present governments and private corporations do not seem to be alarmed by reason of Marconi's inventions, and are, therefore, busily at work laying submarine cables across the oceans. Marconi,

who is receiving such worldwide attention, is an Italian, thirtythree years of age. For seven years, he has been engaged in perfecting the inventions that have made him famous.

Cubans Woes.

Cuba was freed through the intercession of the United

States, and, though the United States disavowed all intention of annexing the island or placing any restrictions upon its government, it nevertheless required certain constitutional assurances from Cuba that makes the island something of a ward to this country. Cuba is, therefore, anxious to receive from this country

some concessions in our tariff upon Cuban sugar. The United

States is Cuba's most important customer, and its principal buyer of sugar. In 1900, the total amount of sugar sold by Cuba to the

world outside of the United States amounted to only $19,000.

304 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This year, it is estimated at $12,000. It is sugar that gives the

island its greatest revenue.

We charge upon sugar imported from Cuba, $1,685 per hundred weight. If to this is added $2.00, the expense of manufacturing the

sugar there, twentyfive cents per one hundred for expenses incidental to shipping, and ten cents per hundered weight, the amount of freight from the island to New York, it will be seen that it costs

Cuba $4,035 to place her sugar in the United States market. But

sugar is sold in New York at $3.75 per one hundred. This is a

loss of 28J cents on every hundred weight. That means a loss of

four millions on this year's crop of Cuban sugar. The people of

that island are clamoring for a reduction in our tariff, and the

President, in his message to Congress, made recommendations in response to Cuba's wishes.

South Africa.

The prolonged war in South Africa has demonstrated that calculations hitherto made in the conduct of war can no longer be relied upon. The new explosives, with smokeless powder and long

distance guns, have greatly changed the theories of battle, and the weak nations now are encouraged by the example of the

Boers'power of resistance in the South African war. The English

have upon their hands, including those in the concentration camps, some fortytwo thousand people. Eleven thousand Boers have

been killed, wounded, or have left the country. Notwithstanding

the few soldiers, perhaps not more than ten thousand, that remain in the Boer camps, they continue to hold out with marvelous tenacity. The conduct of this war has evidently been a surprise to

the Boers themselves; for, had they realized at the outset their

ability to resist as that ability has recently developed, they would have undoubtedly changed the early plans in their mode of conducting the war, and large divisions of the army would not have been lost in an effort to prevent the English from reaching

Johannesburg and Pretoria. By a striking figure of speech, Mr.

Broderick, Great Britain's secretary of war, has aptly illustrated the attitude and determination of the Boers by saying: "The

country has set its teeth, and intends to go through the process of wearing down."

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 305

The Boers, however, are now confronted by the difficulty of providing themselves with munitions of war, and food. For nearly

a year railroad transportation has been comparatively safe, and raids made upon trains carrying English supplies have been fruitless. To guard these roads, a series of blockhouses have been

established. These blockhouses are made in hexagonlike shape, of

corrugated iron. There are two tiers of iron about four inches

apart, and between them the space is filled with gravel. These

guardhouses are located about a thousand yards apart. They

serve as signal stations, and as defelnses in case of attack, and as a means of defeating Boer efforts to capture trainloads of supplies.

The blockhouses, to guard against attack, are surrounded by a spiderweb of wire work through which it is extremely difficult for an attacking party to make its way. The cost of this railroad

defense has been immense to Great Britain. It is believed by

competent judges that the war must end before long, as the resources of the Boers are almost wholly exhausted.

The Isthmian Canal.

For a number of years, both in this country and Europe, the necessity of a canal across the Isthmus connecting North and

South America, has been very strongly felt. Ships, en route from

Europe and from the eastern part of the United States, have been compelled to cover the long stretch of ocean around South

America. As the commerce on the Pacific and our western coast

has enormously increased within the last few years, the necessity of this canal has been all the more felt.

The French became so intoxicated by DeLesseps'success in the construction of the Suez Canal, that a private company was organized in France to construct a canal across Panama from the

Atlantic to the Pacific. Great scandals grew out of the organization of I his company, and its inability to continue the work became

manifest after something like forty million dollars had been expended. The canal is to this country not only a commercial,

in 1899, a commission was appointedbut a military necessity—and,

to make investigations, give careful computations, and determine which would be the most suitable route to cross, by way of

Panama or Nicaragua. In Nicaragua there is a large lake, so that

306 'IMPROVEMENT ERA.

really two canals would have to be made, one connecting this lake with the Pacific, the other with the Atlantic. The country is

quite unanimous, irrespective of pohtical parties, upon the desirabihty of the government constructing, owning, and controlling the canal. After careful investigation of an eminently competent

body of men, a report has been finally submitted. The report

furnished advantages and disadvantages of the two routes, the one by Nicaragua, the other by Panama.

To construct a canal by way of Nicaragua, the estimated cost is one hundred and eightynine millions. By Panama, the cost,

including the amount the French company asks for what has already been done, is one hundred and eightyfour millions. On

the 20th ult., the President transmitted to Congress the supplemental

report of the Committee unanimously recommending that the offer of the Canal company to sell all its rights, property and unfinished work to the United States for forty millions, be accepted. The

report, signed by the entire commisson, concludes:

After considering the changed conditions that now exist, and that all facts and circumstances upon which its present judgment must be based, the commission is of the opinion that "the most practicable and feasible route"for an isthmian canal, to be "under the control, management and ownership of the United States,"is that known as the Panama route.

The Grievances of the Poles.

When. Poland was divided, the country fell to Russia, Austria

and Germany. Three million Poles went to Germany, four million

to Austria and eight million to Russia. The Polish division going

to Germany is known as Posen. It is in Posen that the agitation of the poles against Germany is at present growing very

intense, because the Germans desire to abolish the Polish language, and substitute in its place the German. Parents and priests are

urging their children to refuse to be instructed in the German language, and the people of the country are boycotting German merchants and German goods. In years past, it was the policy of

the Germans to encourage their merchants and business men to gain a footing in Posen by the purchase of lands, and the establishment of industries. At present, the Poles are doing all they can

to buy the Germans out, when the latter have been made so uncomfortable that they do not care to remain any longer in the country.

EDITORS TABLE.

PARENTS SHOULD BE CONSULTED.

One of the first duties that a young man owes in this world is his duty to his father and mother. The commandment which God

gave early in the history of the Israelites: "Honor thy father and

thy mother"was accompanied with a promise that holds good to this day; namely: "that thy days may be long upon the land

which the Lord thy God giveth thee."

With obedience naturally comes that respect and consideration for his parents that should characterize a noble youth. They

stand as the head of the family, the patriarch, the mother, the rulers; and no child should fail to consult them and obtain

counsel from them throughout his whole career under the parental roof.

This feeling should be respected by the Church. Hence,

officers who desire to use the services of a young man, in any capacity for the business of the Church, should not fail to consult the father before the call is made. We have instances where

young men have even been called to fulfill important missions, their names having been suggested to the Church by bishops of wards, or by presidents of quorums, without the father having been consulted whatever. The parents have been entirely overlooked.

This is neither desirable nor right, nor is it in conformity with the order of the Church, or the laws that God instituted from the earliest times. The Church is patriarchal in its character and

-308 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

nature, and it is highly proper and right that the head of the family, the father, should be consulted by officers in all things that pertain to the calling of his children to any of the duties in the

Church. No one understands as well as the father, the conditions

that surround the family, and what is best for his children; his

wishes should, therefore, be consulted, and respected.

Our elders would justly think it wrong to baptize a wife without the consent of her husband, and children without the consent of the parents. So also, it is improper for any officer in the

Church to call the children in any family, as long as they are under the care and keeping of the parents, to receive any ordination, or to perform any calling in the Church, without first consulting the parents.

The family organization lies at the basis of all true government, and too much stress cannot be placed upon the importance of the government in the family being as perfect as possible, nor upon the fact that in all instances respect therefor should be upheld.

Young men should be scrupulously careful to impress upon their minds the necessity of consulting with father and mother in all that pertains to their actions in life. Respect and veneration

for parents should be inculcated into the hearts of the young peorespected, theirple of the Church—father and mother to be

in the heart of every child should bewishes to be regarded,—and

implanted this thought of esteem and consideration for parents, which characterized the families of the ancient patriarchs.

God is at the head of the human race; we look up to him as

the Father of all. We cannot please him more than by regarding

and respecting and honoring and obeying our fathers and our mothers, who are the means of our existence here upon the earth.

I desire, therefore, to impress upon the officers of the Church the necessity of consulting fathers in all things that pertain to the calling of their sons to the priesthood, and to the labors of the

Church, that the respect and veneration which children should show for parents may not be disturbed by the Church, nor overstepped by its officers. In this way, harmony and good will are

made to prevail; and the sanction of the families and the family

life, on which the government of the Church is based and perpetEDITOR'STABLE. 309

uated, will thus be added to the calls of the holy priesthood, insuring unity, strength and power in its every action.

Joseph F. Smith.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

Ordination of Otfin P. Rockwell.

When was Orrin P. Rockwell confirmed a member of the Church,and

what priesthood did he hold in 1842?

The question is answered by Historian Andrew Jenson: "Orrin Porter Rockwell was a member of the Church as early as 1838,

[it is believed that he became a member of the Church in the latter part of 1830] and a conference held at Far West, Missouri, July 6, 1838, voted that he 'should receive a license as Deacon.'(See Old Far

West Council Record, p. 152). I am unable to find the record of any

further ordination of Orrin P. Rockwell, in Church history."

The Priesthood of Sidney Rigdon.

Was Sidney Rigdon ever an Apostle? If so, when was he ordained?

This is also answered by Historian Andrew Jenson:

"Sidney Rigdon was ordained an Elder in -the latter part of the year 1830; and a High Priest, under the hands of Lyman Wight,

June 3, 1831, at Kirtland, Ohio. In a revelation given March 8,

1833, Sidney Rigdon and Frederick G. Williams were accounted as

equal with Joseph Smith in holding the keys of this last kingdom.

(Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 90: 6.) Ten days later, under date

of March 18, 1833, Joseph the Prophet records in his history: 1

laid my hands on Sidney Rigdon and Frederick G. Williams, and

ordained them to take part with me in holding the keys of this last kingdom, and to assist in the presidency of the High Priesthood as my counselors.'{Millennial Star, Vol. 14, p. 387.) These

are all the ordinations of Sidney Rigdon recorded in Church history. He never was ordained or numbered among the Twelve

Apostles."[This incident, it may be added, is valuable as going to prove that High Priests called to the First Presidency, are "accounted 310 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

as equal"with the president of the Church in holding the keys of the Presidency. Jedediah M. Grant and Daniel H. Wells, both

of whom acted in the First Presidency, were High Priests, and this is also the case with the present First Counselor therein, Elder

John R. Winder. None of these were ever ordained Apostles.]

Questions on Tithing.

What constitutes surplus property? Should the wages of hired help,

taxes, interest on land under mortage, grain, or seed sown upon the land be taken out of the increase of a farm before tithing is paid?

In reply to these, and many other questions upon the subject of tithing, which have been received by the Era, we can only refer the questioners to the revelation of the Lord, contained in section 119 in the Doctrine and Covenants. The word of the Lord is

very plain, and should be easily comprehended by those who can understand the words "surplus"and "interest."It is required that

surplus property, as well as onetenth of all interests should be turned over to the bishop for certain uses in the Church. Nbw,

every person is the best judge of what his interest is, of what his surplus is. In figuring them, a man should be as liberal with the

Lord as he expects, and hopes, and trusts, that the Lord will be with him. This is the key to the whole situation. It is difficult

for another party to answer all the questions that arise in the mind of each individual on the subject. But this idea of dealing

honestly and liberally with the Lord, should enable each person to decide justly in his own case as to what his surplus and interest actually are. Every man must be his own judge, just as he must

be the architect of his own salvation. People who ask, would do

well to devote some time to study and thought that would enable them to find answers for their own questions.

Should Church Associations Pay Tithing?

Are Improvement Associations, and other Church organizations, required to pay tithing?

No; auxiliary and Church organizations are not individuals or

persons, and hence are not required to pay tithing. In such case

it would simply be taking money out of one hand and placing it in

EDITORS TABLE. 311

another, and consequently it is not required. But every member

of such organizations, as well as of private corporations, is required to pay his tithing.

The Gospel to the Jews.

How will the Jews receive the gospel?

The Jews will receive the gospel through the preaching of the Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Read the Doctrine and Covenants, sections 107: 33, 34, 35; 18:

26, 27.

Coffections in Lessons III and V of the Manual*

Should not the word "possible"read "impossible,"in Lesson V, page 35, note 5, line 6, of the Manual, 1901-2?

Yes; the sentence should read: "Lucifer wanted to go contrary

to the will of his Father, and presumptuously sought to deprive man of his free agency,thus making him a serf,and placing him in a position in which it was impossible for him to obtain that exaltation which God designed should be man's through voluntary obedience to the law which He had suggested."

Attention is also called to an error in Lesson III, Note 5, line 9, where the word "fifty"should read "forty."See Acts 1: 3.

"STARS"OF EUROPE.

A reminder of the many years that have passed since the gospel was first introduced to the nations of the earth, is the receipt of the various publications that represent the Church on the eastern continent.

The Millennial Star of Liverpool, England, comes to hand with 812 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a preface by Apostle Francis Marion Lyman, presenting the 63rd volume of that publication; Scandinaviens Stjerne, Copenhagen, Denmark, now edited by Bishop A. L. Skanchy, has just

completed its 50th volume; and Nordstjernan, Stockholm, Sweden,

its 25th year; Der Stern, published by Elder Hugh J. Cannon, in

Berlin, the organ of the Church in the German mission, completed with the advent of the new year, its 33rd volume; while De Ster,

the organ of the Holland mission, published by Elder S. Q. Cannon,

Rotterdam, completed its 6th volume.

These Stars have shed their light of truth to the people of the lands named, for these many years, acting as vehicles for the precious truths which the Lord has revealed in the dispensation of the fullness of times. In them are printed, in the various languages, inspired utterances of the authorities of the Church. They

are silent and effective witnesses of the restoration of the gospel in these latter days. The missionaries, and those who stand immediately at the editorial helm are to be congratulated on the success that these publications have achieved, and we wish each of

these messengers in print, many years of life, for the furtherance and spread of the everlasting truths of the Gospel.

They have inspired many to seek the paths of God, having made their entrance into the residences of the rich, as well as into mountains, on the plains, and uponthe cabins of the poor—in the

the seashore. Their light has dispensed to many people the rays

of courage and comfort where hope ofttimes was nearly gone.

They have produced happiness where sorrow had crept in, and, have inspired satisfaction and joy, like angels from the regions of light and geni of salvation, wherever they have found sincere seekers after truth.

The Era wishes all these publications success, and joins in the expressed hopes of the editors that the Stars will continue to grow in influence, lustre and power for the effective proclamation of the word of life among the people of the present, and of many generations yet to be.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

"Ah, good morning!"said the early bird to the worm. "Looking

for a job?"

"That's what. Anything I can do for you?"

"Yes, you'll about fill the bill, I think."—Harlem Life.

"I'm sorry to see your crops so blighted, Wurzel,"said the sympathizing friend to a farmer.

"Aye, it be a pitty,"replied old Wurzel. "But there's one comfort

neighbor Giles's are a bit worse!"TitBits.

A certain naval ofiicer was very pompous and conceited when on duty. One day when he was officer of the watch and he could not, as

usual, find anything of consequence to grumble about, he attempted to vent his spite on one of the stokers of the vessel, who was in the engine room on duty.

Going to the speakingtube the officer yelled, "Is there a blithering idiot at the end of this tube?''

The reply came quick and startling, "Not at this end, sir!"

The feeling of the officer as he turned away with a black frown can be better imagined than described."

In a small southern town, a physician recommended to a patient suffering with indigesti6n, that he should drink hot water about a half hour before each meal. The doctor was not particular to specify the

quantity of water, thinking his patient would understand that he was to take an ordinary tumblerful, whereas the patient, who was from the country and had never before heard of this very common remedy for dyspeptics, put his own interpretation on the doctor's prescription about the time. Meeting him in town about a week later, the doctor inquired:

"Well, Brown, how are you getting along with your hot water cure?"

"Well, Doc,"replied the yokel, "I tried my doggone best, and I couldn't drink her fur but ten minutes to save me."Current Literature.

OUR WORK.

HINTS TO CLASS TEACHERS.

Assigningf Lessons.

In the first place, the teacher should prepare himself by studying his lesson until he has a fresh knowledge of it, prior to appearing before the class. He should select the main points to be emphasized in the

special lesson before him, and should be decided upon his general method of procedure, so as not to detain the class while he is formulating methods.

At the close, the new lesson should be assigned, and it should be assigned to the whole class, as well as by topic to individual members.

When topics are assigned to individual members, each member should arise and accept the assignment, thus giving a promise before the whole class, which he will be loath to break. To inefficient members, the

easiest work should be given.

Leafnmgf Passag;es of Scripture.

A very pleasant part of a class exercise is to assign to and have the members learn a short passage of scripture each week. This may be

selected from the lesson in hand, and should be short and striking. It

should be understood that the whole class is to learn the passage, so that it may be repeated, both in concert and by individual, at the next meeting.

The Teacher's Doty.

Let it be remembered that the higher your grade is the less formality should be had therein, and that what the learner loves is of more importance than what he learns.

OUR WORK. 315

Know every class member and be thoroughly familiar with your work. You should love the lessons as well as the learners and be most

interested in the least interested members.

It is very essential to have order precede all instruction, and interest to follow it through.

The student's work, if it is earnest, is as desrving of attention as the teacher's is. No answer should be lightly treated if it is earnest.

The individuality of the student should be both respected and encouraged.

The only true test of the value of your methods is the students'interest and advancement. Remember that the highest form of success,

in class work, is to get others to succeed.

Gsndticting; Recitations.

Take it for granted that every one is prepared; gently hold the

class to the subject; kindly keep each member to his part of the work

and to the time allotted; treat careless preparation with indifference, but

eulogize careful work, be it ever so poor; discourage manual reading as

an exercise; encourage germane questions, but do not entertain questions

foreign to the subject; do not let discussions consume the time that is

allotted to other things; emphasize the important ideas of the exercise,

and vary the method of disposing of the review questions, and be sure to review the lesson; avoid preaching, and let the teacher be the best listener in the room.

A WORD ABOUT THE ERA.

It is gratifying to all who are engaged in the work of mutual improvement to know that the Era's subscription lists are larger this year than ever before. To supply the demand, we have been compelled

to order a reprint of Nos. 1 and 2, and our patrons are requested to

exercise a little patience until these can be printed. It is to be hoped

that no effort to obtain subscribers will slacken, for we aim to provide for all, and all are welcome.

In this connection, we d6sire to say that quite a number of interesting and accepted contributions as well as answers to questions are awaiting their turn to appear in our magazine.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH,

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. L A.

in Huntsville was completely Local—December 18—The schoolhouse

destroyed by fire; loss $3,000...Peter Mortensen was arrested

and held on suspicion of being implicated in the murder of James R. Hay.

19—The physical laboratory building State University was

partially destroyed by fire 22—Five hundred people attended

the touching and appropriate funeral services of James R. Hay the murdered secretary of the Pacific Lumber Company. He was born in Australia, May 29, 1870. He came to Utah in the spring of 1890

Commemorative services in honor of the birthday of the Prophet Joseph

B.Smith were held in all the wards of the Church 24—J.

Fairbanks of the Brigham Young Academy Exploring expedition arrived in New York on the Atlas liner Andes from South America A meeting of interested citizens of Salt Lake and Provo meet in the latter city to discuss the project of making a reservoir of Utah Lake 25—W. G. Sharp resigns the management of the Pleasant Valley Coal

Company and is succeeded by H. G. Williams 26—Peter

Mortensen was arraigned before Judge Diehl on a charge of the murder of James R. Hay, and pleaded not guilty County Treasurer Ed.

C. Christensen of Sanpete suddenly died at Moroni of hemorrhage of the

lungs The eighth annual convention of the State teachers association, Emma J. McVicker presiding, opened in Salt Lake

inability to27—The InterMountain baseball league broke up, owing to

obtain railroad rates James D. James, born in Wales, aged

87, at pioneer of 1852, died in Tooele Dr. M. V. Oshea, of the

University of Wisconsin, is giving a series of addresses to the State

Teachers'Association. This convention is pronounced the most successful of any in its history 28—Professor Wm. M. Stewart was

chosen president of the State Teachers'Association, and Professor D. H.

Adams, secretary, and Samuel Doxey, treasurer. The convention adarrived from Washingtonjourned 29—Senator Kearns

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 317

The second annual session of the Church Teachers'Association,met in the

L. D. S. University, Superintendent J. M. Tanner presiding. President

Joseph F. Smith addressed the teachers, closing with the words: "I

marvel and wonder to see what we are accomplishing in the promotion of education"31—The stock sales for the year were 34,065,484

shares for $24,171,760,20; ore and bullion settlements, $22,044,623.

Utah produced $3,824,300 in gold, and 10,250,000 fine ounces silver, placing the state sixth in gold and third in silver production. Utah mines

paid $4,518,000 in dividends in 1901.

Hall, eighteen and sixJanuary 1—1902—Ray Leepham and Norley

teen years, were drowned, while skating in Utah Lake The

San Pedro railroad has called for one million dollars for construction making in all to date six millions 2—Major Egan of Fort

Douglas was acquitted by the court martial and reprimanded by Colonel

Sanno Hannah Shaw, mother of Robert Sherwood, Salt Lake

City, age eighty years, died; also Catherine Erickson, born in Sweden,

seventyeight years ago; Bent Hansen, Mt. Pleasant, age sixtyfour, who

is overcame to Utah fifty years ago, died 3—Salt Lake Valley

shadowed by a dense fog 5—Manager Hubert, of the Rio Grande,

was in Salt Lake on an inspection tour 6—Charles Cottrell, Jr.,

was elected president of the City Council of Salt Lake City and William

Driver of Ogden city. The new oificers in all the cities of Utah took

their positions Roy Kaighn pleaded not guilty to the charge of murder in the district court The Supreme Court decided that the state officers are intitled to increased salaries, as provided by the last legislature; this gives the governor $4,000 per annum Today

$285,789.68 was divided among the school population of 87 131 children

in Utah 8—People in Park City witnessed the fiight of a large

meteor Jonathan Averett, Utah pioneer, born in Alabama,

June 12, 1816, a member of the Mormon Batalion, died at Springville.

Ester W. Bennion, pioneer of 1847, born in England, 1817,

died at Taylorsville The Salt Lake City Council refused to remove Chief Hilton Frank Co well, of Salt Lake, was killed in a collision on the Rio Grande Western, at Roy, Weber County, and J. 0.

Woolvine seriously injured Governor Wells called a meeting of prominent business men to consider the project of a commercial club.

District Attorney A. B. Hayes, of Ogden, is recommended for

a judgeship in Alaska 9—At a testimonial in the Salt Lake

Theatre, Miss Emma Lucy Gates is given a great ovation

Judge Erastus W. Mclntire, a Utah pioneer, died at Price on the evening

of the eighth instant in his sixtysecond year Secretary James 318 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

T. Hammond announces the total amount of state secretary's fees collected for 1901, as $77,739.95 The fog which enveloped the

city for a week past was dissipated Alma Ash, born in England, February 10, 1862, died at Sugar Ward Martha Hurst

Coop, mother of Professor Squire Coop, born in England sixtynine years ago, died 11—The business men of Salt Lake took steps to

organize a commercial lub Weber County woolgrowers were organized, Preston A.Blair, president 12—English agents are

buying horses in Southern Utah for the South African war

The telephone line to Stateline, Utah, is completed 13—It is

announced that Governor Wells will name January 29th as McKinley

Memorial Day, at which time Utah is expected to raise $2,000, as its quota for the $650,000 McKinley Memorial Fund, Dayton, Ohio

A movement is on foot to pave Brigham Street, from State to Eighth

East, at a cost of $200,000 William B. Thornley, born in

England, March 5, 1820, joined the Mormon Church in 1837, died at his home in Layton 14—The Board of Education decided to purtariff bill passed thechaseDomestic—Decemberthe old University site,18—Thefrom thePhilippineState Land Board, for $100,000.

House by a vote of 163 to 128 20—Judge Advocate General

Lemly and Solicitor Hanna of the Navy Department replied to Admiral

Schely's bill of objections, and counsel for Admiral Sampson filed a protest against Admiral Dewey's opinion 21—The president,

through Secretary Root, reprimanded LieutenantGeneral Miles for commenting on the findings of the Schley court of inquiry Secretary Long ended the Schley controversy, so far as the navy department is concerned, by approving the verdict and dissolving the court; he also

demanded the resignation of Edgar S. Maclay 22—Turkish

authorities at Beyroot, Syria, demand that naturalized Americans renounce their naturalizations in fifteen days on penalty of expulsion paid Admiral Schley $3,334, his share of San28—The government

tiago prize money William Ellery Channing, author and

dispoet, died at Concord, Massachusetts 24—Secretary Long

missed Edgar S. Maclay, from his post in the Brooklyn navy

yard, on request of President Roosevelt 25—Governor Leslie

M. Shaw, of Iowa, has accepted the Secretaryship of the Treasury,

Governor Crane of Massachusetts having declined 26—The

navy department has taken steps to adopt wireless telegraphy on warships 27—Eighteen men of the ninth United States regiment

were attacked by Bolomen on Samar, P. I., and seven of them killed

Captain Richard P. Leary, first American governor of Guam, died at

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 319

Chelsea, Massachusetts 27—A wind storm badly damages the

orange crop in Southern California 28—The battleship Missouri was launched at Newport News 30—The navy department decides to establish wireless telegraphy plants at Washington and

Annapolis 31—The Cuban elections were held. Senor T.

Estrada Palma headed the Nationalist ticket, the only one in the field;

the partisans of Maso in Havana refused to vote The governors of seven states agreed to oppose the Northern PacificGreat NorthernBurlington, railroad merger.

January 1, 1902—Eight thousand people passed through the White

House and shook hands with President Roosevelt, at the New Year's reception. Last year was the most prosperous in the history of our country Mayor Seth Low was inaugurated, and New York's City

government changed hands from Tammany to the fusion reformers.

The world has 484,348 miles of railroad, of which 220,657 are in North America 2—The debt of the United States December

31, less cash in the Treasury, was $1,011,628,286; cash balance, $321,-

603,278 3—The Paris Panama Canal Company offered the

canal and franchises to the United States at the price named by the isthmian commission, forty millions 4—The obstacles to the

Carnegie library gift having been removed. Secretary Hay and others

interested in the national university project formed the incorporation, the

Carnegie Institution The managers of the St. Louis Exposition

offer a prize of $200,000 for a dirigible airship The crude rubber company organized in 1897 in Virginia failed; liabilities two millions in ex-

J. Bryan addresses a meeting in Cleveland incess of assets.5—W.

favor of the Boers A movement is given impetus in Chicago for the opening of Palestine to the Hebrews Senator Kearns introduced a resulution in the Senate blocking the intention of the Interior

Department to approve the Uintah Mineral Land Lease It is announced that Admiral Schley will appeal from the judgment of the

Court of Inquiry 8—Fifteen people perished in a tunnel col.

lision on the New York Central Railway Engineers lay out the ground for big, new railway shops in Pocatello The Pacific cable project is given a hearing before the House Committee, and the

Senate Committee hears representatives of the Panama Canal Company, regarding the sale of the waterway It is announced that the

Harriman railroads will spend twentyfive to thirty million dollars in betterments in Utah, Nevada, and California Richard Crocker the leader of Tammany Hall, announces his formal retirement from such is injured in a railroad wreck.leadership 12—Madam Nordica

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

George E. Graham's book on Schley and Santiago, proof read

by Admiral Schley, is ready for print 13—Congressman

SutherlandForeign—Decemberintroduces a 18—Thebill for arevival$5,000 ofFishIrishCultureagitationStationis beingin Utah.met

by the British government by coercive measures 19—The iron

trade in Germany is improving, a sign of revival of industry in that country A demonstration of sailors and populace against the sale of the Danish West Indies was held at Charlotte Amalia shareholders of the Panama Canal Company in Paris decided to21—The

sell all the company's property to the United States for forty million dollars 22—TheGerman government is preparing for military

action to collect a debt from Venezuela The British railroad from Mombasa, East African coast, to Lake Victoria Nyanza, is completed.

reports brisk fighting in the Transvaal and23—General Kitchener

Orange River colony, with severe losses to both British and Boer

The Chinese court arrived at Tzee Chow Sir Joseph Henry

Gilbert, the chemist, died in London 24—Two Irish members

of Parliament were sentenced to imprisonment for connection with an aijtirent meeting 25—There is trouble between Argentina

and Chile, and war expenditures are authorized by both countries

Zionist Congress opened at Basel; President Herzl referred in2fi—The

his opening address to the Sultan's statement that he is a friend of the

Jews A protocol has been signed assuring peace between

Chili and Argentina A treaty of commerce between Italy and

Russia was signed at St. Petersburg Marquis Ito,—27—The

Japan, was received in audience by King Edward VII 31—The

Boers were reduced in fighting force in 1901, 21,800, and the end of the war is at hand.

Nicholas and President Loubet exchange January 1, 1902—Czar

revolutionists sail fromgreetings 2—General Matos and 300

Martinique to attack Venezuela and overthrow President Castro

Three thousand persons meet in the 11th congress of Russian Naturalists at St. Petersburg 3—Marquis Ito was entertained in London

by the Lord Mayor 4—General Matos landed in Venezuela

7—Lord Kitchener reports skirmishes in various parts of

South Africa. Most serious at Amersfort on January 3rd, at which the

British lost eighteen men and one officer, and twentyeight men and five officers wounded 10—There are rumors of a revolution in the

Republic of Paraguay, caused by presidential succession The

French minister to Pekin refuses to present his credentials until China complies to demands of France,

BARGAIN SUIT BLACK CLAY U5 Who ever heard of a suit of clothes selling at such a ridicBread ulous figure as $1.75, that is,

mean, a?ood suit; a fineI we weave "BLACK CLAY,"only

i MADE FROM $4,751gain whenIf youyourecognizesee it,a baryou would thoroughly appreciate this magnificent offer.

SUIT A FOR MADE will not WEAR.-lt HARD HISLER'S only but it will hold wear we 1.I the color well; that is more

than can be said of many suits at a much higher price.I FLOUR WORKMANSHiP.-Many suits thai sell tor tis high as $20 have no better tailoring than is represented in this suit.

Is always light and wholesome. Thattailc ringis a characteristicis good, regardlessof our goodsof thethatprice.the

And our guarantee of your money Here is a suit at $4.75, thoroughly well

lit. if it don't suit goes with every made. Guaranteed toV back

gnar- $1 as a! sack.

aniee express HOWof goodTO ORDER.-Sendfaith, aud your nearestA Now what possible reason can ofiBce address, and we will send you the suit.

it without paying another examine may *t* there be that you're not using it,? You

all find it cent it—well If you we represent

worth more than we ask, pay the express agent the advertised price, less the $1 you it.I INTERMOUNTAIN MILLING CO., sent with your order, and keep

K. E. MILLER, Manager. ORDER AT ONCE, and send your breast f measure for coai and vest; waist measure

and inseam for the pants; also send size of

coat usually worn. We send samples of all

of our goods on application.

iiOregon snort Line Railroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Four Daily Trains between SAIiT LAKK CITY and OGDEN. The POPUIjAR

UDVE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MBRCTUB.

The Fastest Service to Ali Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City. City Ticket Office, No. WO West Second South St., Salt Lake

7. M. SCHUMACHER, General Tram Manager. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and General Manager.

(WHBN WBITINO TO ADVBBTISBR8 PLBASB MBNTION THB BBA.)

ItJlDlES'LOVELY GOODS

Are in richer profusion at Z. C. M. I. Cloak Department this season

than at any other mercantile institution in the West. New Goods 5

are arriving daily, all of the best and latest styles. Everything %

good and pretty that you want in y

Ladies'Headyto-Wear Oater Gapments, II give you the best choice in the city. > and at the lowest prices. We

A We also have in our Dry Goods Department a lovely assortment of

V the very best

Dress Goods, DndepmeaF, Douin QoiltsI and everything else in the dryfgoods line to bring plearure and com-?

fort at this season. It will pay you to inspect our beautiful stock, X

which is complete in every line.?

t t T. G. WEBBBt. Supt. Z. 7. ImI I C

I F. flUERBflGH & BRO.

Ekt all Tims lowest gggj Goods STYLES.....,, PRICES. Thopoaghly (Reliable.

The Full Duty of this Store Includes Three

Distinct Points:

First, to gtt the right Goods here and show them plentifully;

second, to utilize our entire resources to selling them as cheaply as pos- || sible; third, to tell the truth about them.

Every dollar's worth of Goods selected for this spring was bought with an eye to the needs of Salt Lake and surroundings.

Look for Special Announcements in all Daily Papers.