m

i r

- "< --I-

5 1 |j HEjj*T

-"*va. iv'iiljT?. ';i''%. i-ij?

V3: Mt

DECEMBER, 1936 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PHILADELPHIA ORCHESTRA

I is ON THE A

The Philadelphia Orchestra will be heard every Friday Evening over the K S L- Columbia network from 8 until 8:30 o'clock.

Leading personages in this brilliant series of Winter concerts. Above, Leopold

Stokowski and, center, Eugene Ormandy, conductors. Below, Willard M. Kiplinger

who, with Walter M. Pitkin, will deliver

brief and informal talks on financial matters of nationwide interest.

A distinct triumph in radio entertainment, KSL offers the Philadelphia Orchestra each Friday evening. Presentation of this program through The

Voice of the West, is sponsored by

THE FIRST SECURITY CORPORATION the largest Intermountain banking organization.

This series of programs will bring the famed Philadelphia Orchestra exclusively to listeners of the

Columbia Broadcasting System. It is an outstandwhich welling contribution to radio—a program

deserves your enthusiastic attention.

AFFILIATED THE VOICE

5 0,000 OF THE WEST WATTS KSL Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C Josephson, Associate Editor Improvement

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. DECEMBER, 1936

"The Glory of God is Intelligence'VOLUME 39 NUMBER 12

IE03A PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE

ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTCOMING OFFICIAL"THEMUTUAL VOICEIMPROVEMENTOF THE CHURCH"

TEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER AND OF THE CHURCHIN JANUARY MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD SAINTS. OF JESUS OF CHRIST LATTERDAY

MORE NEWS OF THE CHURCHWIDE ACTIVITIES OF THE CHURCH SECURITY

PROGRAM, FEATURING PROGRESS IN

THE STAKES AND AUTHORITATIVE STATEMENTS AND RELEASES. TABLE OF CONTENTS

"IN CENTRAL EUROPE'S LONELY Lshurch Q/eatures

DEMOCRACY,"BY ARTHUR GAETH—Christmas and the Church Security Plan.

OF THE STORY THE GOSPEL'S RE-.The First Presidency 739 IN CEPTION CZECHOSLOVAKIA, THE

LAND WHICH ONCE BURNED JOHN The Church Security Program in Action Harold B. Lee 740 IMPRISONED OUR MISSIONHUSS AND ARIES, BUT WHICH NOW WELCOMES New Worlds of Thought Isaac B. Ball 742

VINDICATES THEM AND IN ITS THEIR WORK A Voice "Unto All Men"COURTS OF LAW.

"What Is Man"John A. Widtsoe 745

"New Witnesses for Christ"Melvin J, Ballard 746 THE STORY OF THE WRITING OF "WE THANK THEE, GOD, FOR A PROPHET."The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 756

HISTORICAL SURROUNDFACTS THE SIGNIFICANT ING THIS AND The Palestine'Syrian Mission John Fetzer, Jr. 759 HIGHLY

WRITHYMN, SUNG MUCH MORMON The Journal of Archer Walters (Part 4) 764

ALFOWLER, ARE TEN BY WILLIAM MOST UNKNOWN. THE STORY IS TOLD Front Page News for America Francis W. Kirkham 766

BY GEORGE D. PYPER. Christmas (General Superintendency Y. M. Greetings—M. I. A. and General Presidency Y* W* M. L A.).... 769

WITH MILES "TEN THOUSAND THE TheAaronic,Church781;MovesWard On,Teaching,767; Priesthood:783; MutualMelchizedek,Messages: 780;ExFOUR,""FIRESIDE BY TOM JUDD AND MARVIN BERTOCH—THE STORY OF ecutives, 784; Adults, 784; Seniors, 784; M Men, 785; Gleaner,

MISSIONARY STATES AN EASTERN 786; 787; Juniors, Explorers, 787; M MenGleaner, "WEL- A THAT QUARTET CONDUCTED Girls, for 788; Praise BeeHive (Song by Bertha CHURCHES, INVASION"OF COME a Prophet—778. 787; Asper), Kleinman and Frank CIVIC PUBLIC CLUBS, LODGES, AND W.

GATHERINGS WITH MUSIC AND THE SPOKEN WORD. Special O/eatures

The Outlaw of Navajo 3) OF THE OUTINSTALLMENT FOURTH Mountain—(Part MOUNTAIN—THE NAVAJO LAW OF Albert R. Lyman 748 OUTPOSEY, PAHUTE OF LAST STORY LAW, BY ALBERT R. LYMAN. Youth and the Needs of the World Ray O, Wyland 750

In the Land of Shepherds Lorene Pearson 762

The Outlook for Peace Arthur L. Beeley 772

POETRY An Eagle Scout Points to World Peace 773

FICTION What Shall Our Children Read Marba C. Josephson 775

PRIESTHOOD INSTRUCTIONS Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 761; Homing,

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE 770; From the Diary of a Bishop's Wife, Adele Cannon

BOOKS Howells, 771; On the Book Rack, 774; Index to Advertisers,

CROSSWORD PUZZLE 791; Your Page and Ours, 800.

YOUR PAGE AND OURS cftction, [Poetry, (rosswora [Puzzle (Part 3) The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain—EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Albert R Lyman 748 OFFICES:

Street, 50 North Main Salt Lake "I Heard the Bells of Christmas Ring"..Maryhale Woolsey 754

City, Utah Copyright 1936, by the Young Men's Mutual Keeper of the Door Claire Stewart Boyer 758

Improvement Association Corporation of the Frontispiece, 738; Poetry Page, 765; Scriptural Cross Word

Latterday Saints. Christ ofChurch of Jesus price, Puzzle, 779. Subscription reserved.Allrights

$2.00 a year, in advance20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Acceptance matter. as secondclassUtah, proibattortals at special rate of postagefor mailing

vided for in section 1103, Act of October, Faith, Work, and Security Richard L. Evans 768

authorized 1917, July Improvement Era2, 1918.is not responsible ValuesMarba C. Josephson 768 The

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes and will exercise care in handling all contributions. cJhe Ciover

A drawingSymbol byof Christmas!D. F. Davis AandsymbolFieldingof K.Security!Smith picturesThis compositethe L. D. S.photographChurch OfficeandA MAGAZINE FOR EVERY Building, Salt Lake City, as viewed from in front of the historic old Lion House.

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY Fromworld herelook isforrelayedtemporaltheandleadershipspiritualtoguidance.which hosts of men and women throughout the

For sending "Era"subscriptions as Christmas gifts to your friends fill out the attached order blank and mail it in the selfaddressed, postageprepaid envelope found inside the back cover.

''The Improvement Era"will send a Christmas Gift Card to each person for whom you subscribe, giving your name as donor.

Almost

-V..:,, christmas

By ETHEL ROMIG FULLER

IT'S very difficult to wait For Christmas day to come The house is filled with whisperings

Like a beehive's hum.

Holly wreaths hang on the doors.

Cedar scents the air,

Scarlet, tissuepaper clouds

Billow everywhere.

Strange, that time which always flies,

Should drag its wings this way;

That clocks strike ever slower, when

It's almost Christmas day.

738 Photo by Lionel Green.

Christmas and the CHURCH SECURITY PROGRAM

TOcamethe thehumblegloriousshepherdsannouncement:on the plains of Bethlehem Gospelneither willof Christ,your Fatherthe pathwayforgivethatyourleadstrespasses."to brotherhoodIn the

"Fear not, for behold, I bring you good tidings and peace, leads directly through the hearts of men.

of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you "For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was

is born this day in the city of David a Savior, which is thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye

Christ the Lord."(Luke 2:1011) took me in:

Though of royal lineage Jesus was not born in regal Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited

castle, nor wrapped in purple robes. Though the Prince me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.

of Peace, he was cradled in a manger and his first covThen shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, ering, swaddling clothes. Thus pomp and splendor were when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty,

eliminated as deterrents to the approach of the poor and gave thee drink?

and the lowly. The "tidings of great joy"were to be to When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or

all people. By direct revelation these tidings came to naked, and clothed thee?

the humble shepherds; through science, they were reOr when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came

vealed to the wise men of the East; through inspiration, unto thee?

to the "just and devout, waiting for the consolation of And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily

Israel."All who found Him on that first Christmas I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of

Season approached Him with an unwavering assurance the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto that the Savior, the Prince of Peace, King of kings, and me."(Matthew 25: 3540)

Lord or lords, had come to earth as a mere babe in the As Christmas approaches let us double our efforts to humblest part of that little Judean village. bring faith, happiness, and cheer into the lives of our

To accept this eternal truth is the first and most fellow men. Let those who are blessed with comforts

important step along the pathway that leads to the comand luxuries share with those who are less fortunate, not fort and happiness of mankind. with an air of superiority, but with an attitude of appreThe second step is victory over weakness and sin. ciation expressive of the feeling that it is a privilege to

With Christ as our supreme Exemplar, working for the invite another out of the shade and cold of penury and glory of God, we obtain power to triumph over selfishdiscouragement into the sunshine of kindness and brothness; to gain control over hitherto unrestrained passions; erly love.

to govern appetite, envy, hatred, and worldly ambition Let us continue our efforts to make life better and things which arouse not peace and goodwill, but enmity brighter, and thus assist in carrying good tidings of great in the hearts of men. At His birth Christ not only heralded joy to all people. May all who contribute to the success

goodwill toward men, but also pointed the way later of the Church Security Plan work with an eye single to when He said: "He that will lose his life for my sake God's glory, applying the principles of righteousness as

shall find it."Goodwill will never exist permanently either personified in the life and teachings of the Savior to the

among individuals or nations until men learn to submerge end that comfort and peace may abound in homes, may self for the good and happiness of others. be practicedi in society, and applied by the nations of

Such is the objective of the Church Security Plan, in the world.

explanation and commendation of which this issue of Only thus can peace and goodwill be established

The Improvement Era, and other issues to follow, will be among men.

devoted in substantial measure. At the heart of this

program lies the fact that "if a man loveth not his brother he hath love whom cannot seen, God he he hathwhom

1 trespasses their forgive not men and, "if you not seen,"sJL&u

The First Presidency.

The church security program

\\7"lTH WARDS, STAKES, AND REGIONS COOPERATING MAY WE NOT HOPE N ACTION

TO ACHIEVE THAT "ONENESS"WHICH the Master said we must have if weare to be numbered as hls: "and By HAROLD B. LEE

again i say unto you, let every man President of Pioneer Stake and Managing esteem his brother as himself."Director of the Church Security Program.

one of the less prosperous secand this amount was sufficient to family may not be in need. In reIntions of the Church a storehouse meet the cost of the needed storeturn every individual who has thus

was needed to store the surplus house. Cooperation! United Efbeen willing to give of his substance

commodities that had been produced forts! Those are the necessary eleor his labor unselfishly shall be proments. vided the necessities for himself andon projects during the past summer

story of family. splendid simple This Security Program. theunder Church

spirit illustrates that the achievement is individuals, must true of What building accommodationThis was is the prevalent Church, throughout where, true of likewise each be ward distributing toalso as a serve needed this is in expressed which and three cooperation, the close through section, that tocenter within wards the of slogan: member "Every to the Lord agencies designed by regional storehouse as a serve toand

is to give able gives he Church what of welfare after the temporal look to point other distributing as aand in return he receives whatever and are ward, the of the members be mightregions wherever need for needs into together the sustenance of himself brought a ward EmIt advisable thoughtfound. was family."and his which Committee, through ployment thatto would a storehouse provide

serve the needs of two adjoining Reduced to a practical working representatives of the ward bishorgani- Relief Society that if an opric, merely means basis this ward there that revealedstakes. A search Priesthood is zation with bounteous blessed and Melchizedek to rent available and individualwas no building

that an outright purchase would crops or a cash income, he should quorums are urged to stimulate the have to be made because the need be willing to give liberally in fast liberal giving of money or labor by was too urgent to wait for building offerings and tithing, and, if necesthe ward membership, and to ordelays. sary, additional donations, even ganize to the end that the greatest

is toward If all progress he possible amounts. made these beyond the providing of The question

selflabor, to become helping each give ward is time and is able to at discussed financesnecessary was a meeting attended by the presithis he must be urged to give, alsupporting and independent in prodencies and ward bishoprics of these though at present that person or his viding for its members. Coopertwo stakes. Some suggested that ation!

the money be borrowed, others that Likewise, each stake, through the the Church be requested to give the HThe editors of "The Imteam-work stimulated by the Bishnecessary funds as an outright grant. provement Era"view the ops'Executive Council and inspired

Finally, one of the stake presidents Church Security Program as by the Stake Committee, and, also, arose and made this significant comone of the most vital projects the Regional Council composed of ment: "Brethren, we are making ever undertaken by the mempresidents of stakes within any given

a mistake in asking to borrow this bership of the Church as a regional section of the Church, must in the pursame. Uppermost present It is our do the whole. or in askstorehouse, for ourmoney the be these groups must of keep to the minds therefore until grant, outright we pose for aning

ourselves have done everything posChurch informed concerning objective to have every individual sible to provide the necessary money. the growth and progress of this within their group and every group

If we are to realize the real spirit cooperative venture, and it is within their organization give to of the Church Security Program with pleasure that we present the extent of each one's possiwe must be willing to give until it this first in a series of articles bilities and in return expect to rehurts."In both stakes a special on the Church Security Proceive the necessary assistance from

Fast Day was announced for the gram. The writer of this arother groups that which is beyond

following Sunday. In the meantime ticle, President Harold B. Lee, their abilities to supply.

all members of the wards were adis Managing Director of the An interesting demonstration of vised of the undertaking, with the Church Security Program, and this principle was recently made in result that an amount equal to an from its inception, and before, one of the regions of the Church average of twentyfive cents per one of its most valiant chamwhere a crisis had been precipitated capita was paid as a fast offering pions. in a mining section, with the result

donation through this special drive. that between three and four hun740

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

dred families had been thrown out any other region of the Church of employment through no fault of wherever the produce may be needtheir own. The problem principally ed. Another Priesthood quorum has

affecting two wards in this region produced a hundred tons of sugar was so great and the need so acute beets, and from the earnings of this as to make it wholly impossible for produce is fostering suitable recrethese wards to provide for these ational facilities that are greatly families even though they had been needed by Church members in that active in the Church Security Prolocality.

gram through the past summer in The time has arrived when we providing garden produce, canned are beginning to see a new meaning vegetables, fruits, and bedding. The in such phrases as "Giving thanks

stake authorities were called into to the Lord,""Serving the Lord,"consultation over this matter, and "Paying tithes and offerings to the it appeared that the combined efforts Lord."We are coming to see that

of the wards of that stake would be after all there is only one way by insufficient to meet the need, so a which we may render service to our regional council meeting was called Heavenly Father, and the secret of of all six stakes within that region, that service is revealed in a simple and, after a three and onehalf hour HAROLD B. LEE parable given by Jesus the Christ

councilmeeting, the reached the folhis shall in of the come Son man When it is a I say parable, as I am. even and decisions:lowing all angels glory, with Him, the holy and

are unto one: not one you, be and if ye sit his throne the shall of ye then he upon

38, are mine. Section not Cov., Doc. and regional be storehouse should 1. That a... unto glory: shall King the say Then

27. verses to 25 crisis theestablished in the had wards where blessed right his hand, Come, them on ye

the greatest.been

2. That the president of the stake in this Perhaps more important than the paredof my forFather,you frominheritthe thefoundationkingdomof prethe

locality be delegated to exercise the full successful working together of the world power of the regional council to make ecclesiastical groupings referred to, For I was an hungered, and ye gave me necessary requisitions for meeting the needs is the realization of a greater Priestmeat; I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink;

of the affected.greatly members of the two wards most hood quorum consciousness. With- I wasNakeda stranger,and ye clothedand ye me:took meI wasin: sick,

3. That all stake lines be obliterated and in each of these ecclesiastical units and ye visited me: I was in prison, and

that regional operation for the present, and there are divinely appointed corps ye came unto me.

him, righteous shall the answer until Then the passed, put emergency be had as units of are known men which saying, an thee Lord, all diseffect,into saw that collections when we and and the Priesthood quorums, upon whom thirsty, hungered, gave thee? or and fed and thebursements in of supplies done be

in a responsibility of membership thee drink?stricken area.

4. That the officers of this stake, and parquorum must be interpreted to mean When saw we thee a stranger and took

ticularly of the ward Employment Comjust one thing: Service to one's thee in? or naked, and clothed thee? Or

sick, prison and thee or in saw wemittees of these with wards, two be charged fellow men! The importance thee? unto of this whencame the responsibility providing of work activity proPriesthood in the Church shall say unto answer the King and Andjects that it possible for each would make

needy person "to earn his bread by the Security Program was stressed by them, Verily I say unto you, inasmuch as least it unto have of one done of the his should ofsweat brow,"at the ye so that no aid President David O. McKay

these brethren me. it unto done ye have my out tobe dealt any ablebodied man in these words: conference withOctober

effortout part. his on

revelation In a given to the it will take long not 5. I do know how assignment an to each That be made

in declared: to Church 1838 the Lord these the within groups powers if westake in the an realize region to provide at once

functioning. start get they Unless can them for the to cents capita equal per amount 5... the together gathering the That upon boiler like to will just going they be apopulation the to of stake proposed put each land Zion, of stakes, and her be upon may lies there factory without any in tostorehouse necessary order and make steam—it for defense, refuge for the a from and a inert as thing, physical body, but as an a initial purchases.

it storm, shall from and be wrath when start the the going steam wheels you 6. all in if supplies perishable That on hand poured out without mixture the whole upon to turn begin the things that can be and the of at sent stakes once orderedany be earth."

is unlimited. are accomplished what That this to storehouse.

must done be with our quorums. They Without the ward Employment immediate survey 7. That an be made in should for the be to function made

to ascertain stake theeach exact of amount functioning as outlined, comCommittees pletion this plan. of

surplus supplies or fast offerings hand on without the bishops'Executive that might the future be drawn on in whenSensing the importance of the Councils operating together with aever necessary.

coordinating of the Priesthood quolive and aggressive stake committee

With wards, stakes, and regions rums for the accomplishment of supervising and directing,—and,

thus cooperating, may we not hope these high purposes, one stake is most important, without Priesthood to achieve that "Oneness"which the purchasing a hundred acre farm in quorums sensing the seriousness of

Master said we must have if we are a fertile, wellwatered valley to be their Priesthood callings, there can to be numbered as His? paid for and operated by the Priestbe no Church Security Program in

hood quorums of the stake. The any stake or ward where such conAnd again I say unto you, let every labor of planting, cultivating, and ditions prevail.

his brother himself. esteem asman harvesting is to be shared by the May we, in the language of that For having twelve among you what man

sons, and is no respecter of them, and they Priesthood quorums, including those fine stake president, be willing "to serve him obediently, and he saith unto who are unemployed or others who give until it hurts"if necessary, and the one: Be thou clothed in robes and sit may need assistance; and the prodin that giving, fill the storehouses of

thou here; other: to the thou and Be this ucts from to farm are be the that there to overflowing Lord sit clothed in rags thou and there—and in garnered dis- a storehouse to be be "meat may I his looketh saith in my storehouse"just? upon sons and am

Behold, this I have given unto you as tributed in that stake or region or in when the day of need comes!

NEW WORLDS I By ISAAC B. BALL

President of Oakland Stake Mission

1T\ecember 23, 1936, marks the one- *-* hundred thirtyfirst birthday anniversary of Joseph Smith. This month,

as always, the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints hold him in revered honor as a "Prophet, Seer, and Revelator,"and as the instrument in the hands of the

Lord through whom the Gospel Restoration, foretold by scripture, was brought about more than a century ago. This is the third December

issue of The Improvement Era to which Isaac B. Ball, a former Utahn,

now residing in Oakland, California, has contributed an article on the inspired writings of the "American

Prophet."

JOSEPH SMITH

'Through Joseph Smith, the American Prophet, have come great and melodious truths, winging into loftier heights;

delving into profounder depths.

"Be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought. Every man is the lord of a realm beside which

the earthly empire of a Czar is but a petty state, a hummock left by the ice."

all far spaces into the forth challenged to push men Thoreau Thus him. within truths ideas great fields of undiscovered and and new

open to whosoever seeks and asks, and knocks with a yearning that will not be denied.

What greater banner of exploration into even the farthest reaches of truth and great thoughts could a leader unfurl before his forwardfacing followers than these Excelsiorlike mottoes from the heavenfilled pen of the mighty seer, Joseph Smith, the American Prophet:

Seek learning by study and also by prayer.

A man is saved no faster than he gains knowledge.

And is not the old familiar hymnpoem, "O Say, What is Truth?"

but a direct reflection of the Prophet's own intrepid example of a restless neverending pioneering into new lands, a winging into loftier heights, a delving into profounder depths for the rich plunder of golden thoughts?

Listen to the strong words O say, what is truth? 'Tis the brightest prize

To which mortals or gods can aspire;

''Go search in the depths where it glittering lies,

Or ascend in pursuit to the loftiest skies;

'Tis an aim for the noblest desire.

In passing one cannot hold back the comment, what a glorious inscription to be chiseled over the entrance ways to universities of study and also to temples of prayer!

That Joseph Smith returned again and again from his soul's expedi742

OF THOUGHT

"Tt is my meditation all the day, and more than my meat and drink, to know how i shall make the saints of god comprehend the visions that roll like an over'flowing surge before my mind."joseph smith.

tions to new continents and to new worlds of thought within him and about him, weighted down with the most precious of all cargoes of truth is clearly evidenced by these words of his:

It is my meditation all the day and more than my meat and drink, to know how

I shall make the saints of God comprehend the visions that roll like an overflowing surge before my mind.

Now let us turn specifically to the proof, the actual evidence, a typical example, if you please, wherein our Mormon Prophet was indeed a Columbus to new continents and worlds within him, opening "new channels, not of trade, but of thought,"I would lead you for a moment to the wonders of the seventysixth section of that treasurechest of riches, the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, to the famed revelation on the various degrees of glory in the worlds to come.

By way of preface hear the Prophet's own vouchment concerning the heavenly shores and the divine scroll whence he had brought back to all mankind perhaps this grandest of all visions ever won by a prophet for the enlightenment and comfort of the children of men. After referring

to this sublime unfoldment as a "light which burst upon the world,"he avers:

Every law, every commandment, every promise, every truth, and every point couching the destiny of man from Genesis to Revelation, where the purity of the scriptures remain unsullied by the folly of man, goes to show the perfection of the theory, and witnesseth the fact that that document is a transcript from the records of the eternal world.

The sublimity of the ideas; the purity of the language; the scope for action; the

continued duration for completion, in order that the heirs of salvation may confess the

Lord and bow the knee; the rewards for faithfulness and the punishment for sin, are

so much beyond the narrowmindedness of men, that every honest man is constrained ro explain, "It came from God."

But turn to the revelation itself which we here have allowed to run into more or less measured lines as seems to fit the great melody of the theme and of the expression. Like diapasonic cords of great organ

music do the melodious thoughts of that psalm which is the preamble to this heavenly vision charm us to worshipful attention. Listen as to angels'

songs

Hear, O ye heavens, and give ear, O earth,

And rejoice ye inhabitants thereof,

For the Lord is God, and beside him there is no Savior:

Great is his wisdom, marvelous are his ways,

And the extent of his doings none can find out;

His purposes fail not, Neither are there any that can stay his hand:

From eternity to eternity he is the same

And his years never fail.

For thus saith the Lord—

I, the Lord, am merciful and gracious

Unto those who fear me, mm And delight to honor those who serve me

In righteousness and in truth unto the end.

Great shall be their reward And eternal shall be their glory.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

their great,And wisdom shall be concerning those forth in tion. discome marvelous who Wondrous,

understandingAnd their reach to heaven; the resurrection just."the of universe covery! of A vast new

For by my Spirit will I enlighten them, They are they who received the testimony Truth! Yea, a totally unsuspected

And by my power will I make known unto of Jesus sector of reclaimed humanity! for the

them believed And on his name vision that declares the thoreven secretsThe will—after of my were baptised And the manner of his shall forth depraved oughly comeYea, even those things burial, which the eye has

not seen, Being buried in the water in his name,... from the fiery furnaces of hell, their

Nor ear heard, nor yet entered into the heart That by keeping the commandments souls'torment, and in due time inmight be of man. They washed and cleansed from herit a surpassing realm of peace

all sins, their And then forthwith the effulgent And receive the Holy Spirit and glory! With anxious expectalight of the vision itself opens to the By the laying on of the hands of him tion we harken yet once more:

is ordained sealed unto and Whoastonished truly view: a "light the again, glory of the telestial, saw we this And power;which bursts world."upon the is that the lesser, glory of Which... overcame The And who by faith

enraptured Seer and companion sing They are they who are priests and kings, Even as the glory of the stars for us: Who have received of his fulness and of Differs from that of the glory of the moon

his glory;.., In the firmament.

The glory of the Lord shone round about. Wherefore, as it is written,

are These they who received not the Gospel the are beheld gods, gloryAnd even we the sons of the Son, They of God—

Christ, of right shall in the of hand dwell the Father, TheseOn the presence of God...

And received of his fulness; And his Christ forever and ever. Neither the testimony of Jesus,

And saw the holy angels, These are they who deny not the Holy

Spirit.And them who are sanctified before his These are they who are just men made

These are they who are thrust down to hell. perfect throne

Worshiping God, and the Lamb, Through Jesus the mediator of the new These are they who shall not be redeemed

Who worship him for ever and ever. covenant, Who wrought out this perFromUntil thethelastdevilresurrection... fect atonement

And we heard the voice bearing record Through the shedding of his own blood.

liars, are sorcerers, are they These and who isThat he the the Begotten of Only are they These bodies are celestial, whose adulterers, whoremongers, and And Fatheris glory the that of sun,... Whose lie. loves whosoever and a makes And him,That by through and of him, him, and the glory Even of highest the of all, God, suffer they the are These vengeance who are worldsThe created, and were glory the sun of the firmament Whose fire. Of eternal the inhabitants thereofAnd

Is written of as typical. being hell cast are are to they These down who begottenAre sons daughters and unto God.

And then the curtain falls on this Again the vision shifts. There And suffer the wrath of Almighty God.

glorious revealment of the radiant follows another and still another new These all shall bow the knee, shall confess tongue to himFather, Son, Angels. and Holy sits the forever throne and upon

far different picture rolls before... now A worldthere aofColumbusthought. Neverto so manybeforegreatwas AndWhoever.every

the view of the two awestricken continents of contemplation. BeAnd they shall be servants of the Most

loftiest man's of grandream High; picture black and awyondwitnesses—a But where Christ dwell and of, glories the deur are God not only the it the overful as the pit, and heavens come, cannot They celestial sphere, also but of the secweeping. without end. Worlds heaven to opening ond less worthy

thisAnd also, and bear record, we saw still earthlings. further: Attend Here indeed is deepest pathos!That an angel of God

Who was in authority in the presence of And, again, we saw the terrestrial world.. "They cannot come, worlds without

God, Whose glory differs from that of the Church end!"

the Firstborn. of rebelled against the Only BegottenWho

Son the as Even moon differs.. from the sun What meditations, think you, reWhom the Father loved and who was in In the firmament. main with the seer after the vision

the bosom of the Father, Behold these are they who died without law, splendid has come to its climactic thrust the presence from downWas also spirits they are the of God And kept in ending? carefully the of men note Will you

the Son, and closing deep reverence of these called Perdition, wasAnd visited, the Son Whomprison, phrases: theFor heavens over wept him—the preached gospel unto And them

Lucifer, the aHe was morning, son of they That might according be judged is to This the vision of the end which we saw, lo, beheld, is fallen! isAnd he and we in flesh; the men to write were commanded Which we fallen! received the testimony not of Jesus Who in the Spirit. were yet While we of theEven morning. a son in flesh the

it. afterwards But received great the But of are marvelous and works vision a suffering theAnd of saw we are they These are of honorable who men the Lord, those withOf he made war and whom the earth the his mysteries of And kingdom overcame, craftiness blinded the were of men. by Who us, unto he showed Which

are they These his receive glory, of who all surpass understanding WhichFor are they vessels of wrath, his fulness; But not of in In glory, in might, and dominion; and suffer to theDoomed of wrath God, are receive These thev the of presence who he us not should commanded Which we the devil his inWith eternity. angels and the of Son,

... write,

fulness But not the of the Father. And are not lawful for man to utter;And

they are terrestrial, the end thereof, neither the place Wherefore bodies thereof, are celestial, not bodies And to Neither capable is man them make. their torment,Nor knows. no man differ in qlory. And known,Wherefore, the end, the width, the height,

differs the from the sun. As moon are only to For they understood be seen and depth, the thereofThe and misery

They understand not, Can there be yet another sphere By the power of the Holy Spirit, those love him, bestows on Which God who purify themselves him; before AndWhoNeitherareanyordainedman exceptunto thisthosecondemnation. clearlyof glorydefined!than theseO,twowhatrealmssurprisenow grants this privilege he To whom

This scene now quickly changes awaits the world! Never before did Of seeing and knowing for themselves;

from deep despair to one of celestial any pioneer of thought sail forth so That through the power and manifestation glory which outshines even the sun. boldly but unerringly over mysteriTheyOf themaySpirit,be ablewhiletoinbearthe hisflesh,presence

The record says, "we saw and heard ous and uncharted seas of concepIn the world of glory.

VOICEA // \\UNTO ALL MEN The Church assembled in General Conference again is witness of testimonies proclaimed to

America and beyond, as millions hear by radio.

is "What man—

from the Tabernacle in By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOEAgain Salt Lake City the Church of the Council of the Twelve

assembled in General Conference sent out its message of the

Latterday Restoration to a nation listening by radio. '"Phe SECOND greatest question of life The long climb of man from the dim

Sunday, October 4, 1936, as part was asked by the ancient Psalmbeginning to the noble present, came of the fifth session of the One Hunist: from selfeffort guided and directed by

glointo future the ascent Lord. Hisdred Seventh and SemiAnnual "What is man, that thou art mindful of rious realms understandbeyond humanGeneral Conference, the nationhim?"result ing will likewise from his own network of thewide Columbia strivings struggles. True, and man

Broadcasting System released durIn importance, this query is next "lives and moves and has his being"ing its Church of the Air series, only to that concerning the nature of under the law of progression; but prog-

1 1:00 to 1 1:30 a. m. MST., a broadGod. ress is ever an inward, not an outward

cast presenting addresses from two Inability to answer this question has process. His increasing progress is not

members of the Council of the often defeated fervent faith. The corimposed upon him; salvation is a coTwelve, Elders Melvin J. Ballard rect answer has enabled men and naoperative enterprise between God and

and John A. Widtsoe, supplementtions to build their futures securely. man.

ed by the music of the Temple SingFaith has been most effective when All men are the very children of accompanied of understanding by an brothers. are man, God. Every Theyers, organ, the Tabernacle and the

relationship man's to The way race, has of humble, however whatever ten estimatedcongregation at near out of the tragic world's the origin destiny. possible same and Deity.chaos—thethousand. terror of poverty, sickness and war earth heavens the and were The made

This nationwide radio service, must be illuminated by a comprehenand the plan of salvation was provided which was also heard outside the sion of man's nature and destiny. for each individual member of the huconfines of the United States, was Man is one of the eternal, imperishman family. God is not a partial Fapresented under the direction of the able realities of the universe. His story ther; each child is alike in his love.

Church Radio Committee with J. begins in the infinite past, before the Since the plan of salvation is for all,

Spencer Cornwall conducting the earth was made. His eternity reaches it is fully consummated only when it

has all. Therefore been accepted the as yesterdays into by the tomorsinging, at Frank the orinto Asper W.

to save becomes concern rows. ages. it belongs to a common endless the He L. announcRichardgan, and Evans

soul. every bears In every beginning, the Hence man with God, man was ising. third the of This Church direct for responsibility his a brother. child a of begotten God, Him. by He series that originated hasthe Air has divine pedigree. a In prethe this raises conception, which Were in Stationwith Radio the TabKSL existent, spiritual or domain, as a son the individual to immeasurable man

ernacle during a regularly convened daughter of the divine Father, he inimportance, more fully comprehended, conference, the first being on the creased in knowledge and power and there would come great modification occasion of the General Conference grew in spiritual stature. At length he of man's treatment of man. The inin April, 1 936, when the First Preswas prepared for the earth career and humanity of man to man would soon

idency responded, and the second willing to accept its conditions. Man vanish from the earth. The law of

being at the Annual Conference of is not an accidental or transient inthe beast would be replaced by the earth. of vader of Instead, he is a crealaw over triumph God. Love wouldthe AssociaImprovement Mutual ture of plan and progress. hate. record declares of history Thetions, L. June, 1936, when Stephen

Richards of the Council of the As a child of God, man partakes of that nations which have recognized in the part true nature of prosman, have the his divine nature of Father. Withspoke.Twelve pered longest. the survived most and lie in infinite of develophim germs

testibrief addresses and The is ment. Potentially beLittle Godlike he a to take seek admen who broadcastmonies Melvin by Elder ing. rise eternally Therefore he rulers vantage another; of one may who

J. Ballard and Dr. John A. Widttoward the likeness of his Father in look upon their people as pawns in

soe are here reprinted in the order Heaven. Upward, divine, unending, a game; nations who wantonly toss

in which they were presented: is man's high destiny. thousands into battle to be maimed or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936 killed—these would falter in their evil

designs before a knowledge of the divine origin and destiny of every human being, of his Godlike nature. "New witnesses

Righteousness would increase in the earth. We prattle about the brotherhood of man, but true fraternity can for christ

be realized only upon the acceptance of brothers, as our very all men posBy MELVIN J. BALLARD sessing rights equal with us. There

should be a comprehension of the inof the Council of the Twelve nate greatness of every dweller on earth, of the possible attainment by the humblest man of an infinitely high HPhe Church of Jesus Christ of Latthus conversing one with another, they if it of a voice heard as out heaven; came terday Saints sacred mission has agoal. knowledge, widespread Such

their cast for about, eyes and they round in earth,over refine the to perform the world. individuof the would One they not the they understood voice which

features al conduct, important mission of that take thought most make men heard; voice, neither not harsh a and it was

before action, and would help bring is to provide new witnesses to this was it a loud voice; nevertheless, and notabout peace, the world's greatest need. doubtful and skeptical generation that withstanding it being a small voice it did

is pierce center, insoChrist, that to Jesus the the indeed them hear the did very of individual responsibility sense A that their there of frame not part much was living of the for Son died God, who of outgrows understanding of an man's it it that did to yea, did not cause quake; still is interested and and men in themrelationship to other to and God. men pierce soul, did the to cause very them and presides his the Father under over is in serious of world needThe a comtheir hearts burn. to destinies this of proclaim world. We itpelling to of sense that personal, pass again individual they "And came

that him, the Father's with as by John it not. the voice, heard they understood and isresponsibility. are, the so As men

representative, the made. world was did third hear they again the time "And issocial group. righteous nation A In the character of before he Jehovah the voice, to their hear ears did open andbut the righteous of assemblage men.

it; their in flesh, the the dwelt sound eyes and were toward among he men was prosperityNational but of the sum thereof; tosteadfastly did and they look the his of Father, Elohim, Spokesmanpersonal prosperity. each man isWhen heaven, the wards from sound whence delivering inspirthe commandments,sets his order, in the house whole own came. ing the ultimately prophets and comis will order. inworld be There much third did behold, time the they "And ing to in flesh, dwell the among mentalk of other or governmental understand the heard; organvoice they and which

thereafter to called Christ. be Jesus He it said unto them:ized for provision wants, material our

himself the as to a gave ransom save I in Son, "Behold Beloved am whom my spiritual, reality in greatand our when first, mankind; the world and from I glorified in well pleased, have whom myest satisfied needs within be must from

fall of consequences the him. brought which ye name—hearourselves. lean for others upon To

it pass, to they as understood came "And mortality death. brings to us and He selfsoul. enfeeblessupport the By their cast eyes they again towards up life. immortal eternal through and Andeffort will attain his destiny. high man heaven; behold, dethey and a saw Man his reour to obedience he GospelIt his cannot as placed cape a be upon out scending of clothed heaven; he and was the of us from consequences deems our his others.shoulders in by robe; white a and and he Upon own came down

sins. own in of thefeet the stood midst of eyes them; enter the and of must he Kingdom

his interest this in But not did world the multitude whole turned him. were upon in earth or whether heaven.God, on

By conquest of self he shall win his end when he had performed his great and they durst not open their mouths, even is sacrifice. all to another, the of Savior wist men, one and meant, not what it Heplace in the everlasting glory of God's

it for that they thought had was an angel or no matter have they where whenpresence. appeared unto them. lived the earth. disciples upon To his

"What is man, that thou art mindful of at Jerusalem he said: "And it came to pass that he stretched

him?"forth his hand and spake unto the people

"And other sheep I have, which are not saying

He is a very son of God, endowed of this fold: them also I must bring, and "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the

shall shall voice; they there hear and testified shall my into prophets the world come if rewith Godlike power, who, he

fold, be shepherd."one and (John one I life light the behold, the and "And am his origin divinespect high desand 10:16.) I that world; the of out of and drunk have bring long the to pass soughttiny, may the bitter given hath Father which cup me It is generally that agreed when now earth.reign of righteousness on glorified the in taking Father upon have and a he there those spoke words was

mighty multitude of people living in this western world. He was their Savior and knew of their existence.

Prominent among the witnesses this

Church produces to support the testimony of the disciples at Jerusalem concerning Christ and his ministry is the testimony of a nation living upon this western hemisphere which was visited by him after his resurrection. Unto

them he said, "Ye are the other sheep of whom I spake."Great destructions

had occurred in this land at the crucifixion of Christ. The multitude who

survived were standing about one of the temples marveling at the great changes which had taken place. The

following account of this visit is recorded in the Book of Mormon, the

Bible of America, Third Nephi, 11th chapter JOHN A. WIDTSOE "And it came to pass that while they were MELVIN J. BALLARD

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

me the sins of the world, in the which I And now another witness which this dream dreams and young men should have suffered the will of the Father in all Church furnishes that Jesus Christ not see visions (Joel 2:28), and that as a

things the beginning. from in lives inresult of it that but only see deeply is as he wonders would men

it that pass Jesus to when came "And in this terested earth. as generation heavens the he and upon the was

multithe these wholehad words spoken is in the this world of old of witness has happened in them Joseph What fell for earth; they remembered to thetude

that it had been prophesied among them Smith and Oliver Cowdery that on the since that visitation a hundred years that Christ should show himself unto them third day of April, 1836, one hundred ago is in part at least a realization of after his ascension into heaven. years ago, in the Kirtland Temple, the promise, for greater human prog-

"And it came to pass that the Lord spake built by divine command to provide a ress has been made in the developunto them saying: place for the Lord's appearance, the ment of science in the last hundred

"Arise and come forth unto me, that ye following event occurred: years than in all the preceding ages

side, into thrust hands and your mymay Spirit of Surely has the combined. God the standing the upon Lord saw "We nails feel prints the the of thatalso ye may all flesh, out and us; pulpit, poured been upon before the and of breastwork feet,in in that hands ye and may my my

feet pure of his secrets a paved visions of the under work was have caught men I Israel, that of the the and Godknow am like gold, in amber. color these materialization the of of and God earth, of the been have and wholeGod

fire; hair the as of flame eyes a "His were the in visions has wonders produced for world,slain the sins the of

like the his snow; of pure white head was it earth. to that the multitude pass the heavens The and upon came "And

his brightness the shone countenance above forth, his into their thrust hands is all and iswent in going that Lord's hand now his the sound of the as sun; voice and was in nails printsside, feel the the of did and conflict good forward. between The the waters, of the of great even rushing this feet; his in didhis they and hands and out evil of fierce will every but be and saying: of voice Jehovah, until forthdo, they going one one had by the of victory the struggle will first I come last; "I the the he who and am amall forth, their eyes with see and did gone

I I truth. slain; your right liveth, of manthe Every he and was am who am their feel did hands, with did andand know and Father."the (Doctrine with advocate in institution the that stands way made it that record, suretyof bear did a was and

110:2-4.) Covenants will and shaken purposes of be God's ithe, the written prophets, of by was whom

that should come. He further announced that the purfall to the earth, and his Kingdom

"And when they had all gone forth and pose of his visit and the sending of shall come and his will be done upon had witnessed for themselves, they did cry prophets of ancient times, who held earth as it is in heaven.

out with one accord, saying keys of authority, was to inaugurate Let all believers in Christ doubt not, "Hosanna! Blessed be the name of the the dispensation of the fulness of times for he delayeth not his coming, neither

theyMost GodI High did fall down And afar us. Let of wherein he gone all has and forgotten by the prophets,

feetat the him."spoken of Jesus, did worship and disthe glorious in join continuing of all former authority us all keys and 11:3-17.) (3 Nephi

pensations were to be reintroduced warfare to win this world for Christ,

Jesus Christ spent three glorious among men in the building and estabits rightful Ruler.

days with the peoples of America. He lishment of Christ's kingdom trium- I bear witness that I know that he

organized his Church and taught them phant in the earth to which he would lives and that he is the Redeemer of the same doctrine he had delivered to come to rule and reign as King of Kings the world. When that day shall come

his disciples in Jerusalem. As he left and Lord of Lords for a thousand that I may stand in his presence and

them he promised to come again. This years, as the prophets had foretold. hear his voice, or like the doubting

historic visitation is supported by the Jesus announced in this dispensation, Thomas, thrust my hand into his traditions of all the Indians of America therefore, that the hour had come wounded side and hands, I shall not who have the same story that their when a great and marvelous work was know any better then than I do today fathers were visited a long time ago about to commence among men, wherethat he lives and that he has visited by a fair God who taught his Gospel in everything would be shaken that the earth in this age in the reintroducand blessed them promising to return could be shaken and only the truth tion of his glorious Gospel in its fulagain. The conquest of Peru and Mexwould stand, and that the prophecies ness and that it shall be triumphant in

ico by a handful of white men was of old were about to be fulfilled, when the earth. God speed the consummapossible because of this tradition of the Spirit of God would be poured tion of this happy event. I pray in

the promised return of the white God. out upon all flesh and old men should the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.

OLIVER COWDERY'S TESTIMONY CONCERNING JOSEPH SMITH

Oliver Cowdery, most intimate associate of the Prophet "... I have been told by those for whom he.has labored,

Joseph Smith during the days of Book of Mormon that he was a young man of truth and industrious habits.

translation, has left some interesting notes on the Prophet's And 1 will add further, that it is my conviction, if he never had character contained in a series of letters written to W. W. been called to the exalted station in which he now occupies,

Phelps for the Messenger and Advocate in 18341835. Alhe might have passed down the stream of time with ease and

though Oliver Cowdery later was excommunicated from the in respectability, without the foul and hellish tongue of slander

Church, he never denied these things or any others pertainever being employed against him. It is no more than to be

ing to the personal character of Joseph Smith or the divine expected, I admit, that men of corrupt hearts will try to origin of his work, and he was later rebaptized into the traduce his character and put a spot upon his name; indeed,

Church. this is according to the word of the angel; but this does not

contramerits, his freely prohibit of and speaking from me "... false slanderous certain of In consequence and

I do, I feel to dicting so myself and bound those falsehoods—require justice reports circulated, would me been have which

this will received that and matter testimony be on know my life to character of private the something say one whose upon testify crumbled contrary the are to believed, those while who to shamefully is said traduced. has so have been he some By of in their the general to dust, mass swept words and away

I preidle, fellow. vicious, profligate lazy, been a These am

lies shall earth. purify the when God the that contradict, to testimony of too pared and many by

persons with whom I have been intimately acquainted, and know to be individuals of the strictest veracity, and unques- "For the present I close, with a thankful heart that I am tionable integrity. All these strictly and virtually agree in permitted to see thousands rejoicing in the assurance of the

saying that he was an honest, upright, virtuous and faithfully promises of the Lord, confirmed unto them through the obediindustrious young man. And those who say to the contrary ence of the everlasting covenant.

other destroy to can be influenced motive than no by the "As ever your brother in the Lord Jesus, in either injured reputation never of one any who man property or person. "Oliver Cowdery."

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

cJne Story of Kyid IPosey, JLast

LPakLite yyutlaw

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

POKE 'T'HE STORY THUS FAR: More than half a century ago, when Kit Carson

"The Old Bear"* rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, New Mexico, to keep "The PahUte Cavalier'brokethem thereaway infromthe their"bullpen"tribe northfor threeof theyears,San aJuandisaffectedRiver andhandfultook possessionof PahUtesof

Navajo Mountain in Navajo territory. When the Navajos came back these

PahUte renegades refused to vacate the Navajo country and bad blood resulted.

Sowagerie (Posey), the central character of this story, was a child of one of the

PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy. Bitseel, a son of the

Chapter IV The Little Sister ousted Navajos, is Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent raiding parties between

the two tribes and the killing and plundering of unsuspecting travelers, cattlemen, and ranchers, resulted in complications that forced the PahUte deserters to rejoin their tribe. In the midst of this tense situation in 1879 a colony of

to settle the country, the largely was Mormons purpose for sent down San Juan tossing, snarl of J-Hhat relationships improving Indians. the their Thales with of chief Haskel wassleeplessT abide not could PahUtes interpreters skilled in dialect a Indian the psychology. But and man Navajos

uncertainty and wait there in their and PahUtes continue to prey upon each other and upon the Mormon settlement.

in Bitseel in between continues, subtle feud The and Posey gambling and gamesdefenses all summer. When they

secret last closed, killed the warfare. and the chapter a horsePah-Utes As had thatreceived the dull information raiser stealing and horse a buyer, all that Colorado burning movable was and

Uncle Sam's uniformed soldiers had they could not steal. Drunk with blood and plunder, they moved their goodsall

turned back from a point forty miles and progeny to a mountain retreat, anticipating the approach of white avengers away, they relaxed in disappointfor their last deed of violence.

ment. Breaking the monotony of

their fruitless vigil they started off to hunt for deer on North Elk and had no more than disappeared over cade broke like a bolt from the clear down Indian Creek. a little hill towards the mountain sky. Wild consternation spread inJune had come, green and inviting; when a cowboy found the hot trail stanter among the wickiups.

two months had passed since the behind them. He bent over the When the Indians saw that fury

big thrill at the springs; and no reeking tracks and tore off over the of wide hats, flying manes, and

avenging hand had found energy or prairie to give the glad word at the drawn guns appear on the hill above courage to reach far after them. Blue Mountain camp. The word them, they simply jumped with

They regarded the HorseRanch afcame to that fidgeting lair as water shrieks of terror and surprise. With

fair as a closed incident. to a camp on the desert. They their frantic posterity they stamFrom Indian Creek they extended mounted in hot haste and went down peded over each other, upsetting

their hunt towards Lasal Mountain. over Peter's Hill like a mob of wickiups and scattering campfurni-

With all their prosperity, their schoolboys at recess time. ture right and left in their eagerness

plunder, and their campfurniture, The redhanded Indians, at last to reach the brush and the rocks.

they crossed Dry Valley in a motley completely off their guard, would They left horses and plunder behind.

caravan. In the big open country have been easy game to a plan wisely They left everything behind but

they saw neither horsemen nor tracks made and carefully executed. Cautheir guns and their children.

the not exactly tion, however, theirto disturb they was so composure, eat! to beds, Afoot! Nothing No regiment. of that in of the watchword cowboy canyon a shadycamped like the so shelter, rocks hiding in no

felt secure as as contentmountain as They and certain of victory and they many coyotes—they who so recently pellmell.if spurred to the whole they held a deed

country. Into the peaceful din of that new

Their procession of horsemen, camp in the mountain dell, the clatillustrated by horsewomen, horses, goats, and dogs ter and roar of the cowboy cavalFIELDING K. SMITH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

had been glutted and mounted and lousy with money of unknown value!

They glanced hurriedly back to see the dashing cavalcade envelop the camp, envelop the horses, seize everything.

Intoxicated with their tremendous advantage and burning for revenge, the cowboys leaped from their saddles and ran with their guns after the stampede. They determined to

exterminate that whole infernal tribe before they had time to get away.

Every man, greedy for his full share of the exterminating, left his horse to wait till the slaughter was completed.

From a deep thicket of birch willows, Poke called loudly in his incomprehensible language, telling his people to follow up the brushgrown made little noise. In spite of their THERUDE GRAVEFENCE ATOF SOLDIERTHE TWOCROSSINGMEN DOGGEDMARKINGTO

ravine and collect by a big rock they desperate haste they trod softly and DEATH AT THAT PLACE WHEN THE TRIBE could see above. He told them not spoke in whispers. At the big rock FOLLOWED THE "BIG TRAIL."(SEE PAGE 799.1

to shoot till he gave the signal. up the brushy ravine, Poke waited to

direct little over them a ridge and white The crashed men through headlong into the wild mountain another ravine down to a jumble oftangles of service berry, stamped while his people, Poke having and big rocks.over the rocks their with heavy in run a circle, their rushed to backboots, called and recklessly to each the he signal gave to shoot When wickiups. repossessed themTheyother. at shot real or every They off led killing he three by white men all selves of before, they besides had

imaginary disturbance in the jungle, in three shots. The sudden fusillade all the horses, saddles, and packs otherwiseand their advertised presthe from Indians surprised the cowthe white brought. that men had Ofence wherever they went. Finding as their boys coming surprised had formidable of riders company who firetheir not felt returned they the the camp. scrambled for They alive, got away one no had saved securemore and plunged forward cover, leaving their dead and woundthan his more gun. The PahUtesafter the prey. behind. ed else. took everything

Once out of sight, the Indians Then in a panic they retreated (Continued on page 794)

INTO THE PEACEFUL

DIN OF THAT NEW CAMP IN THE MOUNTAIN DELL THE CLATTER AND ROAR OF THE

COWBOY CAVALCADE BROKE LIKE A BOLT FROM THE CLEAR SKY.

WILD CONSTERNATION SiPREAD INSTANTER AMONG THE WICKIUPS.

a

Youth AND THE NEEDS OF THE WORLD O. WYLAND Relationships andTheworld,firstas greatI see it,needis thatof ofoura DirectorBy DR.of EducationRAY

world vision and brotherhood National Council, Boy Scouts of America which far transcends any world vision and brotherhood that has yet "T pray God that the devotion which your great become real in the life of the world. Church has inspired in the hearts of its

I attended a World Convention of youth will enable them to carry on to accomplish these

Rotary International at Boston, in things which seem almost impossible. but to men of faith

June, four summers ago, I heard and spiritual purpose, nothing is impossible."

the stirring message of Frank Milis in it. civilized that should church of the out mankind have Forner Zealand, and sential of Omarau, New vision Christian schools, world born our and should been our have this International,his appeal to Rotary

which is a brotherhood of business subscribe to this world brotherhood, homes, our states, our hospitalizamen, gathered around certain ideals and should make it real in the life tion, and every other uplifting inof service and friendship. His apof the world, or civilized mankind fluence in the nation. Religion is

peal to the world brotherhood of will turn barbarian under the presthe leaven that leavens the lump; it

is will destroy civiwar, of salts the salt of and that the whole in sure to give leadershipRotary was it, lization other. spiritual these each truths are the and and countries,their under whathome

lived,ever for a flags they larger N<[owsituation?what canWell,youthyouthdo withcan thisdo onlyilizationprinciplesand theuponworldwhichcan live.our civbrother- of thisconception world

hood, and the incentive that he gave a lot with it. In this connection I These universal truths apply to

them was the devastating effects invite your attention to the Scout every fireside, to every home, to of the next possible world war. brotherhood of which you are a very every parent, to every child, truths

universal as gravity as of the law part, in definite have which you I recall that said another he As is tolreligious of the need There bringstandards, raised high such not a "noworld have would war in Russia, a erance as country such into the ing of youth your more land;"defthereman's be no would intolerant has which so and become other than any Scout program frontier.initely defined war That It is atheistic. amazing a counhow state. other than Church, any more areas, out over spread widewould try religion, intolerant can to be so out reaches brotherhood Scout The cities residences,including and and its in atheistic propso dogmatic and to into of every the the world, endsthere noncombatants. be would no exiled that nation has civilized brothland, furthering the aganda—a child withman, andEvery woman life, those teach of the word who ideals, in of assembly the erhoodin the areas great surrounding cenin science the asof has and name together as those meet they Scoutster disturbance of exposed be would to generation bring a up sumed who the earth of the every from ends lives their of theto penalty paying principles. religious disregard in four a years Jamboree. World clouds, the devastating from warby * * live fellowship together, have They that incendiarywith would bombs it is dicnot our to purpose Now real the with other one and make in fire in a placesset thousand a shall tate to nation they any how will this understanding and good in city hour, gasgreat with one it rites, their religious observe but will such unnecessary which makefilled hudestroy that would bombs is in religgain strength to any no is the preparations as world war

life vegetation, with germandman it in ion gives America no and us in. feverishly engaged so nowfilled disspread that would bombs in stability of confidence the added is there a which need we So theease throughout populace—religious our freedom such when lay the heart should mind and on infernal machinaother withwar in religious principles violated are let land, of the of our youth and will that sciencetions of modern countries. neighboring our that have they us pray may God

it to civilization for possible,make spirit to the meet the and wisdom is problem. another itself. theredestroy Put

this challenge. great

it in altars religion irony the of the appear While would And of events that the very processes HPhere is another need—the need have been desecrated in other counand progress of science and civiof an awakening appreciation tries we have seen the altars of reit ciples which undergird the life of own country. There is too large alizationpoint—whetherhave broughtwe aremankindready forto a of the fundamental religious prinligion desolated too often in ouror not—where it is absolutely esour nation and everything good that portion of our population through750

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

for of the every sake demanding man inside never eastern at the gateout this nation on York go who and New

I this country, in child would and woman their large porthere is tooa church; a come as they and way out is that abund- a objective "more say that

tion of the youth of our land who ant life."back after their years of mission

do not have any Sunday School The churches, while they remain wholly work. They have a long look, a sework, who have no knowledge of free from even the suggestion of interferrious face, a high resolve, a great

in at the government, same ence can time purpose in theirthe no peace and a deep God, word of who have their followers millions of that they teach of the filled the history hearts, for their they ofknowledge have of the right the government to demand have

Christian era, and who would not of their own choosing the maintenance and missions and they have preached know whether the Book of Revelafurtherance of a "more abundant life."this Gospel of the brotherhood of

tion was at the end of the New Yes, the churches are 4he greatest influmankind and the Fatherhood of in the bonds ofTestament or the beginning of the encepresentin thistendencyworldtowardof oursgreed.to overcomeState andthe God as expressed

Old Testament. church are rightly united in a common aim. Christian love.

We need a generation of youth '—Franklin D. Roosevelt. I think not only of the thousands

who can bring back to our land an of youth that you are bringing up the this world's picture of in appreciation ofawakening into into industry, sending and out the great I SEE vitality of the influence the needsreligious principles undergird which science, into trades, into education, of as religion Church, your the life nation,the of this and of very I meet all over our counthem—for their mison go young men your in of our presiwhich the words are your people try where young

dents from Washington to the pressions to lands across the seas. I establishing themselves in every

ent, a have seen them coming through only have hope of been the of their only think not profession—I

life. ofmore abundant No amount influence, individual example and

schooling, no other principles, can but I think also of this great world provide a sure foundation and our brotherhood of Scouting of which presidents have repeated again and you are a part and which has its again that unless the truths of refellowship reaching into all nations ligion are kept burning on the altars and all churches. It is my function

of God there is no hope for the in the Boy Scout organization to be nation. the liaison between all these religConsider a few excerpts as repious groups, and it has been most

resenting the greater volume of gratifying to see the fellowship that presidential pronouncements on recan grow out of Scouting principles ligion and our national life: wherein Protestants, Catholics,

Let us with caution indulge the supposiJews, and your own great Church tion that morality can be maintained withcan have a common purpose to out religion. Whatever may be conceded reach and serve your own boys

to the influence of refined education on through the instrumentality of a structure, reason minds of peculiar and Scouting program and movement us toexperience both forbid expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion which will never violate the rights of religious principle.—George Washington. of your Church to administer that

* # # program and direct its leadership

People educated in intellect and not eduto inspire your youth and spiritualcated in morals and religion will become a ize their activities with a religious menace to our nation.—Theodore Roosevelt. motivation which lifts it out of the

* * * commonplace, and gives them powinstilling alone, the without Education of er and spirit to carry on.

the principle strengthenmoral without and ing of that morality with religious spirit, We had a meeting three months citizens to to give prove a knowlmay often Lick, Indiana, where DR. RAY 0. WYLAND ago at French

the impulseedge without to use it moral the leaders of professional all theproperly.—William Taft. Howard

were assemmovement Boy Scout k * #

President Grant and there cannot survive materiDr.gatheringsWylandduringaddressedthe sessionsseveralof bled, Our civilization

ally unless it be redeemed spiritually.... the Fortyfirst Annual Conference of met with us. The bishop chairman

Here is the final challenge to our churches. the Mutual Improvement Associaof our Catholic committee on ScoutWilson.—article Woodrow 15. This to 11 tions June the also present. on ing had was We

* * * the the World Needs of Youth and Protestant commitof our chairman Improvehas been adapted for "The is material lacking in not country Our tee representative Scouting. on The principally the aufrom ment Era"resources, eduthough and need more we Scoutcommittee in of our on the Taberthor's Jewish remarks made it in cation to lacking said cannot be be

intelligence. But certainly it has need of nacle on Sunday afternoon, June 14. ing was prevented by illness from

a greater practical application of the truths Said Dr. Wyland on that occasion: attending.

of religion. It is only in that direction that "I will briefly review three or four

there is hope for a solution of our economic of the major needs of life and of the After the various groups had atlive, in a world and offer which we social inspires and problems. sertheir Whatever morning tended Sunday

this to as suggestion youth—how strengthens belief the religious and the and vices, fellowin together a came we in felhere seen the youth have we activities the people, of adminwhatever union a not ship meeting, which was the these lowship thousands days and isters spiritual is to their life of supreme

importance. Without it, all other efforts more they represent—may face these service of worship, but a fellowship

civilization that problems has modern fail. it, will testilies there the to of those only bear hope wished With who

us. in faith the brought With upon of is success. strength of our country The Scouting. values to the of mony the living His power and of God, by the its strength of religious conviction.—recthe into read President Grant to truth, this able youth find be may Calvin Coolidge.

If I were asked to state the great obthe solution to these problems."ord of that great conference the funjective which church and state are both damental teachings of the Word of

last four months that we fondly To give people more leisure does hoped could happen—which will not necessarily improve their conset this program forward twentydition, for leisure time can be a great

five years, when its success is demliability, and with the increase of onstrated. We have had numbers leisure time there is the double reof your young men serving as Scout sponsibility to provide a more vaExecutives, in sections of the states ried program with higher cultural inwhere there is a large membership terests for the individual and to

of the Mormon Church. In the last more highly socialize our communfew months one* of your most promity life through group activities and

ising young men has been transfersocial skills.

city, large to red a miles from many your looked through I have As this point, established has been and

I I. that noted have program A. M.

principal councils of our in one to the planned permeate have in you in a is very community which there life of youth, have your you whole little population, he and Mormon it for possible to planned them make is good. making find to a occupy every day way to

He has bound together the spirtheir leisure hours with something itual forces of that community in constructive and uplifting, and with support of this program and if noth- a spiritual motivation back of it. I

ing happens in the next few months assure you, there is one of the greatto defeat him, his leadership and est needs of our day.

acceptance in that community, based upon his sterling worth, will make Our recreation must be put on a him so secure that nothing can dehigher level, for there is nothing stroy his service to that community. that so much reveals what we are

And if that goes through, as I firmand there is nothing that so deterly believe it will, we are set forward mines what we are going to be as twentyfive years in outreach and the way we spend our leisure time.

opportunity for the young men of If we include in our leisure program your Church who may serve any a place to commune with God, if community anywhere in the fellowwe have in our weekend planning ship of Scouting. a time and place for divine worship,

if we have on the shelves of our liAnother great need that our braries and on the tables of our livyouth can supply, that you can ing rooms magazines and books emcontribute to greatly, is the spiritual bodying moral, spiritual, social and

Wisdom from your Prophet Joseph motivation of a high type of recrephysical health, and if our youth in

Smith, and other fundamental ation. We in our day and generatheir social activity have something

teachings of your Church and told tion are facing a very much extendthat carries them on and upward in our group how your Church has ed leisure period in the life of the social diversion that is not consumintegrated the Boy Scout program average person. There will be more ing but creative, then we need have

with the religious and cultural prounemployment until the work is no fear about society growing betgram of your youth. It was a very spread around where more people ter. Society will grow better if our

commendable presentation and a are employed and all will work recreation is wholesome.

great testimony to the vitality of fewer hours. With machine proMormonism. duction we are certain to come to Where do the Scout leaders come

Then Bishop Kelley, the chairman shorter working days. I can recall into this picture? I do not need to

of our Catholic committee respondsome years ago when labor was dwell on that. You appreciate that

ed in similar terms; and the whole striking for shorter days. In more there is a purpose back of all Scoutoccasion gave one the feeling that recent years we have seen capital ing activity; you realize the opporScouting is a medium for a wider forcing upon labor shorter days and tunity in Scouting to provide your

fellowship in a world brotherhood shorter weeks. The problem is to boys with constructive work, civic

in which your participation is as maintain wages at a level that those service, camping in the outof-doors, definite as the participation of any who work shorter days can buy the and all of the various phases of selfother group. The standards you products of their labor and enjoy improvement and the variety of inhave set, the progress you have what they have produced. terests that Scouts can develop

made, the participation of your It is apparent that we are faced through the Merit Badge projects.

President in this fellowship, in with the absolute certainty of more You also realize that the inspirawhich he had a very able forerunleisure time for adults, and for tion and the idealism that go with ner in Oscar Kirkham and a maryoung people a more extended pethose activities, which give them velous representative in George Alriod of preparation for life, an acmeaning and value, and without bert Smith, and the effective service tive period of service for those in which they would have no meaning of your outstanding young men who middle age, and some degree of soand no value, is the idealism that are professional leaders in Scouting, cial security for those who can no comes out of the example, spirit and have greatly helped to extend the longer make a livelihood for themdevotion of the men who lead in bounds of that fellowship and to selves. this movement. It is their spiritual

broaden our vision. This extended leisure is both a vision; it is their living testimony

Something has happened in the responsibility and an opportunity. that makes it all worth while.

Another great need to which home means to him. That is the

youth can contribute is a conthing in which our parents and sistent worthy home life. We will youth can work together to their

never have a better nation until we mutual benefit in building happier have better homes. Whatever we homes.

may expect from other constructive social forces, we must never get into And, finally, we need the larger that vicious circle which relieves the patriotism, the larger patriothome of its responsibilities and its ism which recognizes the obligation opportunities. upon our people to provide a more

It is not the function of Scouting abundant life for all; no matter what

or any other social organization to their race, their color, their tongue, supplant the home; our home life their religion; no matter whether

must be made better. We have betthey are poor or rich; no matter

ter lighting, better heating, better whether they live out in the open sanitation, better food, more balspaces or in the crowded city, anced diets; we have air conditionwhether on King's Highway, or

ing, medical care, more sunlight. down in the slums. There is a morThere is more cultural life, the fine al obligation upon every citizen unarts, including music, with radio, der our flag, to see that every other

victrola and piano, literature with man, woman and child has the opmagazines and books, and we have portunity to enjoy the more abuntapestries, sculpture and paintings. dant life.

All of the physical things in our I have faith that as we and our modern homes would put them way fathers before us have found the college, and later in business and in beyond the homes of the days gone way through mass production to public affairs. Recent studies reveal

by, when none of these luxuries exprovide all the things necessary to that more than twothirds of the isted in the home of the average life, so our children of the next genoutstanding leaders among the man, woman and child. eration, or our grandchildren—will young men of our high schools and

But I must tell you it takes more find the means and the way of so colleges have a background of than these physical things to make adjusting our economic affairs that Scout training. When you review

a home. It takes consecration, it the people who produce the goods these millions of boys and leaders,

takes beautiful home life, with a of life shall have access to those you will have some appreciation of spiritual purpose to make that home goods, to enjoy them and thereby their power for good in the land.

life what it should be. When you raise the standards of living for all. If that leadership can mount up to

see Boy Scouts and what they do It is my hope that our youth will twentyfive per cent of the best in community service, I wish you contribute to this end. I have faith minds, the best hearts, the best spircould see these same boys back that they will familiarize themselves its, and the best men of the nation,

home. That boy who keeps himself with economic issues, with political they will guide and direct the desphysically strong, mentally awake, issues and the laws that control the tinies of the other seventyfive per

and morally straight; that boy who destinies of men and nations; that cent. I look to the youth of this

wants to do his duty to God and his they will go into what is called poliChurch not for what they are nucountry; that boy who wants to help tics, that they will go into public merically, but for what they are

other people at all times; that boy service, and as public servants will when they go out to multiply their

who wants to be trustworthy, loyal set a standard that does not exploit leadership with their fellows at and helpful, friendly, courteous and the people whom they are appointed work, in the world of affairs, in the kind, obedient, cheerful and thrifty, to serve. For the greatest of all is school, in the church, in the combrave, clean and reverent; that boy the greatest servant, and the tragmunity and in civic service. They

who keeps these laws in his daily edy of power is the service it can are the salt of the earth, and the life and uses his Scout skills to rehave and so often exacts. light upon the hill which cannot be

lieve the burden of a tired mother Now, the leadership that can hid.

and to be of service in the home; make these ideals real in our lives So we in this common partnerthat boy whose life shines out bright is that leadership which is going to ship of the home, the church, the

in public service will also shine come by selection, training and inschool and such agencies as the Boy bright back there in the home. spiration. When you review this Scouts of America are helping that

But there is another phase of that great army of seven million youth leadership to bring their impact uphome relationship, and that is the of our land who have come up on the life of this nation and the influence of an understanding fathrough the ranks of Scouting, seworld. I feel that in our youth we

ther and mother with the child; I lected out of the churches, homes, have the promise that they will find

can assure you that through your schools, from every walk of life, it an answer to some of these major general youth program, including is evident that they are the best of problems and needs of our times.

Scouting, you have had a wholesome the group in which they live: the I pray God that the devotion

effect upon parents as well as upon best of the colored boys of the south, which your great Church has inhave helped them to the best of the farm boys, the best of spired in the hearts of its youth willchildren—youunderstand the child, to know his the various national groups that have enable them to carry on to accomnature and his needs, to sympathize come to live among us. These boys plish these things which seem almost

with him, to meet him half way, to who have come up through the ranks impossible. But to men of faith and

become his companion and his pal, of Scouting, go out and establish spiritual purpose nothing is imposand to help him appreciate what their leadership in high school and sible.

w HEARD THE BELLS of CHRISTMAS RING"By MARYHALE L S E Y W O O Ueace enters the hearts of two who are beginning life together when they trade elusive inconstancies for humble security.

had had only a brother much older, uncaring if Mart "ran wild,"as the "">#M?t*<i K> StVn*- neighbors used to say.

should FELT WEAKNESS TONY Mart A DIZZY how Q.,ueer, HER. SHE SWEEPING OVER pale Tony, SANK have wanted was who IN NEARDARKNESS, THE DOWN

BAG HER RESTING OF GROCERIES ON and thin and frail, when he was so

HER. BESIDE STEP THE big and strong. Of course, people

said "Opposites always attract;"

third the year another up "located"before long it that! simple as as was maybeflight of felt chance, a All a passed. dizzy Tony needed was he H.alfwaystairs, it their perhaps combeen had Orweakness her. sweeping loyally. over told herself She Tony for companionship and need mon insank the down neardarkness, If tonight, only would come Mart tothat them brought sympathyresting her bag of groceries the on at least could she boy,""that wild and though,—then gether—Mart, her. beside they heavy How It heart! in her Christmas have "that queer daughter of was Tony,

it course, of only was that Christmas unthinkable mightstepseemed!—but girl marMellor had French Henrybecause tired; she so the was load withso pass while she unhappy was old her she was—and ried—convert,really it small. was Mart, would To in herself, so discouraged, weary so too; mother, the but Grandmere,

have been nothing at all. If only he of everything. She couldn't seem to they called her, never had learnedas

had been there to carry it for her! shake off her dark mood; not with to put aside her oldworld ways,

so long, staying away Mart lifted little the She and quite. bit of broken everpoor Poor Henry!—and

lying and ill Grandmere so weakgreen left she which picked might had from girl of his, all alone, you up the sidewalk near the store, and though the doctor did say she really say...."

sniffed its fragrance wistfully. Back was better. When Tony, barely eighteen,

on the mountain farm where she had Maybe Mart would come tonight married Mart—who was less thangrown up, there was a little grove of—because of Christmas, and he'd two years older—Grandmere said,

spruce from which had come, each know she'd be wanting him. But in the French that she must always

year, a tree for Tony. She'd always then, he'd said Christmas "didn't use to express herself clearly: "Now

had a Christmas tree! Tears came mean anything to him; nothing to all we have a man to tend the farm, and

into her eyes, but she blinked them that bunk, anyway!"things will be better."

away determinedly. She mustn't be Mart had known nothing but sufBut Mart, when Tony had blushsuch a baby—she, a grown woman, fering and unhappiness in all his life; ingly translated for him, laugheda married woman who would have she mustn't blame him if he felt loudly and exclaimed,—

a baby of her own before another bitter. Tony had had troubles and "Not by a jugful! Nobody's

Christmastime! Why—her baby sorrows; she, too, had lost both going to hitch me up to any little

would be old enough to notice its father and mother, had known only old handful of mud like this farm!

own little tree, by then; next Christpoverty—but she'd had Grandmere We're going to the city, Tony, and

mas would be a real Christmas to look after her and comfort her be somebody that is somebody.

again! For surely Mart would be and teach her about things... Mart We're going to have things you

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

never dreamed of having, you funny day, and the bowl of milk pudding. sound of the bells filled the room.

farm,—andlittle angelface.I'll showWe'llyou!"sell Andthe doctor'sFor herself,admonitionrememberingregardingthe clinicraw pered."Noel,"TheNoel,"blessedGrandmereNoel comeswhismasterfully he slapped down his unvegetables every day, she scrubbed again! The bells, Toinette—it is as

ruly redbrown hair, and his dark a carrot and laid it on her plate. if I were home again in my beloved

eyes smiled into Tony's adoring blue She was too tired to prepare a proper France. I would kneel to pray,

ones, and promised wonderful salad... Tomorrow she'd take time cherie—and I cannot; you will kneel

things. They hadn't sold the farm, to fix everything just right... If for me, Toinette? And give thanks

Because it developed that Tony only Mart would be there, too! for the coming of the blessed Noel?"

could not legally sell her inheritance She helped Grandmere eat first, Tony knelt obediently; she could

until she was twentyone. So, beand as she tucked an old blanket find no words, but in her heart was

cause Mart was impatient, and in around the thin shoulders, she a prayer of gratitude for this interspite of the Bishop's pleading that thought with momentary pleasure of lude of beauty.... There were

they remain, they left it standing the rose, wool shoulder cape she had voices now, singing; she could hear

bleakly and alone, a neighbor agreebeen knitting for Grandmere's the words clearly: "Joy *o tne

ing to look after the chickens runChristmas-gift. It needed but a few world, the Lord has come; Let Earth

ning at will in and out of the broken stitches more, and it would be so receive her King! Let."every heartcoops and yards, and a cow mooing warm and pretty.... She'd done prepare Him room—

lonesomely in her bit of a pasture. a muffler for Mart, too, striped gray They listened breathlessly to the

Grandmere wept when they left the and blue; it had been finished and end. When silence came again,

little Mormon community, but Tony waiting for days. Waiting for Grandmere sank back upon her pillips andknew only a great pride and conChristmas—and Mart's return. low, but a smile was on her

fidence in Mart's ability to bend the Tony ate her lonely meal, washed peace in her eyes. She was murmurworld to his will. the dishes, and tidied the room. ing something; Tony bent to catch

She hadn't dreamed of what they Grandmere had fallen asleep; the the words:

Noel,would experience in the city. The stillness was all but unendurable. "I am better now—better.

weeks of temporary jobs, the uncerShe settled herself in the big, old Noel—."

tainty of tomorrow's food and next cushioned chair, the room's one luxSoftly Tony went away, back to week's rent; the noises and smells ury, and took the rosecolored cape her work. And now the needles

to finish it; her knittingneedles the steps toand drabness,—and clicked, a desolate sound. This—clickedment, Tonymerrily;sangtoverytheirlow,accompanithe song littleclimb! these They'd taken

highup rooms because they were this, she thought bitterly, was the bells had brought: "Joy to the

cheap and yet had more light than Christmas Eve. Her first wedded world, the Lord has come!"

beautiful bells!most, and there was a tiny balcony Christmas! The bells—the

where Grandmere could have a chair Their joyous message had changed

JLears burned behind her (Continued on page 791)in the sunshine—when there was

sunshine; they'd not dreamed of the eyelids. She felt that weeping would

smoke and fog that could shut away be a relief, but she could not weep;

the sun for days at a time; but so it her throat ached, throbbing painhad been. Grandmere wept much fully. She found her eyes constantand prayed more, and grew thin for ly turning toward the door, her ears

lack of eggs and cream and gardenstraining for the sound of a firm step things; Tony paled and worried as on the stairs.... Mart... Mart

the days went by and Mart could... please come....

not find his "chance."And then she heard a new sound.

Grandmere fell ill; Mart resented So suddenly it came, she started

her pains and aches and the extra from her chair, a cry stifled on her work for Tony; they quarreled. And lips. She stood staring about,

he left, one day when everything wondering; and her face grew bright

seemed to go dead wrong, flinging with pleasure, her heart seemed to himself out with the heartchilling be lifted up.

statement that he'd come back when Bells! Christmas bells! Clear

he had a real job, and not until and sweet of tone, they pealed out then; he was sick of—all this! That

chiming out the melody of a belovedwas—three weeks ago; such ages joyfully, seeming far away, yet near,

and ages! old hymn. Tony dropped her work

and clasped her hands in ecstacy,

Iony sprang to her feet lost in listening.... In the other

in dismay. The stairs were quite room, Grandmere stirred, cried out.

dark; Grandmere was all alone, Tony was at her bedside in an inhalf sitting up, her and found forwaiting sat stant, here she her—and alight. face her wrinkleddreaming, with cheeks wet and

heavy heart and tired, tired body. "Carillons!"she cried. "The

She was so tired! window, Toinette—open the winGrandmere was awake. Tony dow!"

HEARD—MUSIC HE THEN face herbathed gethands, and arranged mechanically obeyed, Tony BELLS! WAS.—NO—BELLS,AND fK? ITTHEM, THERE OF DOZENSthe pillows comfortably, air ting hurried cold coat her gust and a as of

IN OUT MUST BE,—CHIMING

left the in soup yesterbeautiful her. fromto warm swept upon TUNES. The

The story of our Hymns By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School Union and First

Assistant Chairman of the Church

Music Committee

was Christmas Eve. Outside, hearth fire and again sang the

It the bright moon shone on the carols.

crisp, sparkling snow. Inside, FOUR "Won't you tell us the stories of

family Perkins of the the members logs CHRISTMAS these"Wesongs?"mustn'tinquiredtarry Mr.long,"Perkins.anblazing were the circled before

thrown across the andirons in the swered chorister Henry Manners, CAROLS "but as it is yet early we will make great fireplace. Stockings were

briefly."to mention them hanging across the chairs and from time'Christ Born in was 'When availableevery projection, showing

that in this family at least the Santa X. Vs/hen Christ was Bethlehem'was written by our

Claus debunkers had made no deep American poet Henry Wadsworth said. Longfellow,"beauhe "Theimpression. iuorn in 'Jjethiehem tiful setting carolers used our by

just Grandfather Perkins had late the Ebenezer is by Words By tonight finished telling the the first story of Beesley, one of our bestknownChristmas in the valley. In the quiet HENRY WADSWORTH

composers. composiThe Mormon LONGFELLOW that there followed,moment came tion in prize the winner a Deswas clear""the fainton the midnight by Music eret competition conducted Newssounds of Christ Born was "When BEESLEY EBENEZER thirtysix ago. yearsin Bethlehem."*

"What's that?"asked young Jim. "The words and tune of 'Far,

"That must be our choir singing Far Away on Judea's Plain,'"conChristmas carols. The Bishop said XL o/ar, cfar Gtway tinued Mr. Manners, "were the

they would be out tonight,"said work of John Menzies Macfarlane,

Mrs. Perkins. "I do hope they'll on {fuaea s [Plains son of John and Annabella Sinclair

come to our home."Macfarlane, born October 11, 1833,

Words and Music by at Sterling, near the city of GlasNearer and nearer came the carolers,* sweeter and sweeter the JOHN MENZIES gow, Scotland. His father was a MACFARLANE duke's coachman and when thestrains of "Far, Far Away on Judea's Plain,"f echoed through the Queen of England visited Scotland,

night. he was assigned as her coachman.

"Now they're singing our Sunday XII. criam! cJhe

School song,"said Jim, humming the tune which ended gloriously uLerala Cingels When Christ was Born with the inspiring refrain in Bethlehem "Glory to God in the highest. Sing By HENRY WADSWORTH

Peace on earth, good will to men."LONGFELLOW Words by

Christ was born in BethThe carolers gathered upon the CHARLES WESLEY WHENlehem, wide Perkins'veranda and after a Music by 'Twas night, but seemed the noon of hush came the inspiring tones of MENDELSSOHN The day;stars, whose light was pure and

"Hark! the Herald Angels Sing,"bright,

and the soft and beautiful "Silent Shone with unwav'ring ray,

Night, Holy Night."But one, one glorious star,

XIII. Silent /light Guided the Eastern Magi from afar. Tears were in the eyes of Richard Perkins as he turned on the As shepherds watched their flocks by

porch light and invited the carolers (jLoIu I Light! night,

angel, brighter than the sun, Aninto the house, where they warmed air, in said, gently And the beforethemselves glowing Words by Appeared not, afraid, not be "Fear JOSEPH MOHR For lo! beneath your eyes,

* Printed in Deseret Sunday School Music by Earth has become a smiling paradise.Songs, No. 221.

tlbid, No. 81. FRANZ GRUBER

The father died when John was Silent Night, Holy Night! "This song is credited by some

quite young. John came to America hymnologists with being one of the

with the family and settled in Cedar By JOSEPH MOHR four best hymns in English hymnolCity, or 1852, where 1851 Utah, in

Chatterley.he married Ann He SilentAll is Night,calm, allHolyis bright,Night! ogy.WesleyIt whowas waswrittenborn atby Epworth,Charles

organized a choir and when St. Round yon Virgin Mother and Child! Lincolnshire, England, December

George was settled he took his choir Holy Infant so tender and mild. 18, 1708. Charles was the youngthere and gave a concert to cheer Sleep in heavenly peace! est of eighteen children, a son of

up the people. After the concert Silent Night, Holy Night! Reverend Samuel Wesley, an EngErastus Snow said to him: 'We Shepherds quake at the sight. lish clergyman. His mother, who

need a choir in St. George. You go Glories stream from heaven afar, is credited with being the most giftsing hosts Heavenly sell out, here Susannah of his parents, Allelulia; edhome, and come was down

Christ, the is born! Savior

did. In ofto live.'Reverend daughter Annesley, This the meanhe

time he helped settle Toquerville Silent Night, Holy Night! Samuel Annesley, a nonConform-

and built the first house there. Son of God, Love's pure light ist minister of London. Charles is

Radiant from beams Thy holy as 'the writer face, described by one the late Bishop Scanlan "When of grace, the redeeming With dawn all ages.'of greatest hymnist He Silvisitedof the Catholic Church birth! Jesus, Lord at Thy

ver Reef, a flourishing mining camp is said to have written sixtyfive

Silent Night, of Night! Holy thousand hymns. Four hundredin desire days, those a expressed he

light, star, Guiding lend thy died before published he were themto in St. George. hold mass The the See eastern bring Wise Men twentyfive hundred manuand authorities, SaintLatterday with a Gifts to our and King homage

liberality for which they are noted, Jesus, the Savior is Born. {Continued on page 773)

consented and Brother Macfarlane trained his choir for six weeks learncarols so he Christmas more in of Latin mass.ing the It was given Hark! The Herald Angels 'Far, wrote on Judea's Far Away St. Tabernacle.the About George

this time he thought there was need Plain,'the popularity of which has Sing reached far beyond our own Church bounds. By CHARLES WESLEY

Far, Far Away on Judea's able"Brothercitizen Macfarlanein a pioneerwascommun-a valuHark/"Glorythe toheraldthe newbornangels sing,King!

mild, earth mercy and on Peace ity. district judge, being Besides a Plains

reconciled."sinners and God

builder, able surveyor, a he was rise, all Joyful, ye nations, By MENZIES a JOHN skies; to play musical the any of on almost triumph the inJoin MACFARLANE

strument. He died in 1 892."With th'angelic host proclaim

Far, FAR away on Judea's plains, "I am glad to hear this story, for "Christ is born in Bethlehem."

of old heard the joyShepherds often I have wondered who was sing, angels herald the Hark! ous strains:

carthat beautiful the of composer King!"to the newborn "Glory

Chorus ol,"said Brother Perkins.

adored; heav'n highest Christ, by to to God, Glory God, Glory said the conductor, now,""And

everlasting Lord; the Christ, the highest; to in Glory God Burt, to our going ask "I'm Jennie come, in time behold Late Him earth, to men, goodwill Peace on

tell of story to 'Hark! the one. the favored of Offspring earth, to goodwill men! organist Peace on

the Herald Angels Sing,'as she Veiled in flesh, the Godhead see;

th'incarnate Deity Hail strains it of redeeming these are the Sweet other night."gave in Mutual

as Pleased, men to dwell, man with love, "I'll try, Brother Manners,"Immanuel! our said Jesus, heav'n of from mercy Message

above: Jennie, and in a sweet and modest

voice she told the story: Hark! the herald angels sing,

Chorus "Glory to the newborn King!"

Lord, with the angels we too would Hail! the heav'n-born Prince of

rejoice, Peace!

Help us to sing with the heart and Hail! the Son of Righteousness!

voice: Light and life to all He brings,

Ris'n with healing in His wings.

Chorus Mild He lays His glory by,

Born that man no more may die:

Hasten the time when, from ev'ry Born to raise the sons of earth, clime, Born to give them second birth.

Men shall unite in the strains sublime:

Hark! the herald angels sing,

Chorus "Glory to the newborn King!"

Keeper BY OF THE STEWARTCLAIRE BOYER DOOR

TODAY IN BETHLEHEM, OVER THE STABLE

WHERE CHRIST WAS BORN, IS THE CHURCH OF THE NATIVITY. FOUR CHRISTIAN

SECTS HAVE THEIR SEPARATE CHAPELS IN THE

BUILDING, AND CELEBRATE CHRIST'S BIRTH ON DIFFERENT DAYS. IN THE GROTTO BENEATH THE

CHAPELS IS HIS CRECHE BEFORE WHICH CANDLES

BURN TO HIS GLORY. BUT IN THIS WORLD WHERE

THE TEACHINGS OF THE MASTER COULD BRING

ABOUT HIS IDEAITHE BROTHERHOOD OF MANTHERE EXIST PETTY JEALOUSIES BETWEEN THE

DISAGREEING SECTS. SUCH IS THE BASIS OF THE

STORY HERE UNFOLDED.

Allah? Might not He hear a boy's out seeing the guards, to his faprayer more easily? It was nearing ther's station at the door. He ran

the Christmastide for all His worhis fingers through the keys on his shippers; surely He would acknowlsash to be sure they were all there,

edge this worship. Omar felt a and held the small key lovingly.

yearning, and instead of doubling up His father had entrusted the calenin Mohammedan fashion, he stretchdar to him and he had locked it in ed his arms out and addressed himthe sacred vault. His pride at this

self to the Lord of the Christians. new dignity of office straightened

Only yesterday his father had sat his little back, and for a moment he in the accustomed place before the watched the passersby and forgot church door, giving permission to his father's illness.

girl flower pilgrims to enter, gaily welcame up to who wished A

AL HABISH STOOD LIKE A STATUE, FEAR him, a carried girl he to pray. coming priests had a burden who came CHANGING TO AWE UPON HIS FACE.

But today he was at home crying for once, and tucked a cyclamen in bitterly with the pain of the dreaded the folds of his robe. He smiled his

disease, dengue. How could a kind gratitude; it was much better than

Allah permit such misfortune to bethanking her audibly, and she passfall? Why did he not heal the sores ed buoyantly on, calling more

was alone in and allay the fever? For twenty sweetly, he thought, her prettythe ChapelO,marof the Nativity. It was years Omar's father had been keepwares. He watched a nearby cripthe first time in all his twelve years er of the door. He alone had been pled vender; he saw the dark shadthat he had stood alone before the able to maintain peace among the ows of Jewish women with heavily

altar where the cradle of Christ requarrelling priests. He alone held laden baskets on their heads recallposed. And he was not afraid. the calendar, and could arrange the ing him with their darkness to the

Once before he had felt like this; he special services for Coptic, Greek, shadow of his father's illness. He

had gone to the Church of the Holy Latin, and Armenian in their sepdid not hear the Armenian priest

Sepulcher with his stern Mohamarate chapels here in the Church of approach and was startled when the medan father, and while that august the Nativity. He was needed here, wellknown voice in urgent tone deman was examining the jeweled now, and the sense of this need in manded:

altar, he had slipped into the adjoinOmar's being stilled him. It was as "Your father, boy? I need him."

ing chapel and had stood before the if the fluttering bird in his heart "Ah, sir,"responded Omar sadpainting of the Christ upon the had become a dove of peace. ly. "I also need my father, but in'

cross. The same peace had come "O Christ,"he murmured. deed he is too ill to be here. Mayupon him, so unlike the awe that "Christ of the Christians—I not help you?"

held him on his knees mumbling the The words startled him and, "None but your father can do

Koran to Allah. Might not Christ trembling, he fled up the circular this for me. I have been overcome

be closer and kinder than the great stairway, through the chapels, with- (Continued on page 789)

XTumerous languages, incompatible *- * peoples, and divergent interests tenselycountry—packedbut outtogetherof themin aall smallwill THE PALESTINE one day come unity and harmony

under the Gospel plansuch is the picture of Palestine as viewed by one missionary of the Church, Elder John

Fetzer, Jr., who labored in Germany

one year and in Palestine two years, SYRIAN but has returned to this country since this article was written. At the present time the Church has no missionaries in Palestine except President

B. his Piranian wife, look and who MISSION after the the affairs Church of from

Mission Headquarters in Beyrouth,

Lebanon. By JOHN FETZER, JR.

AlllandtheofworldPalestine.has heardAlthoughof the oneone simplywould cannotin Americawork orin thisin Europe.land as thatlion theretwohundredare only thousandabout one peomil-

Here is where the East begins; here ple there. And it is a bit surprising the entire country is only

adjust one himself to a must new to find that that out of number, size a tenth theabout Utah, of yet it life. in Haifa, cos- a Even where eight over are hundred thousand for talkedhas been thousands about livmopolitan group people are of three Arabs, about and hundred

it, years, in theirof of study and ing, a of good have many whom fifty are and thousand Jews. The

people all over the earth have in come from Europe and who underrest of the population is made up their imagination, tried to picture stand the ways of European civilof a mixture of foreigners, a good how it appears. I had pictured Palization, it is impossible to work as many of whom are Armenians and

estine much different from what I missionaries in Europe work. Europeans. The surprise comes

found it to be; my ideas of it were For example, when we look at to anyone who might have thought

radically altered after arriving the population of Palestine we find that Palestine is overrun with Jews;

there; my imaginative picture of they are considerably in the minorthe Holy Land was remodled, and ity. Another problem which the

many things become clearer to me. missionary has to face is this: of

I have heard stories all my life of the more than eight hundred thouthis land, of the building up of sand Arabs in the land, only sevenPalestine by the Jews, and yet, I had to visit it to see what it was really like.

In my experience in the Palestine-Syrian Mission I encountered peculiar problems. I found that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

In walking through the streets of With the differences in people

Haifa, one cannot help hearing some and languages it is natural that four or five languages. Armenian unity should not exist in the land.

is also very much used and it has It is a wellknown fact that the Jewan alphabet all its own. ish population and the Arabian

A missionary finds himself lost in population have little love for each this land of "Babel."I thought that other. It is hard to bring the two

I was wellequipped because I could together. It is another wellknown

speak two languages, but I found fact that the Germans and the Jews that I had only begun to learn. have little in common at the present

In Haifa, the L. D. S. mission time. Mutual hate and fighting

home* was in the German colony, exist on all sides today, even as they and much of our tracting was done did during the whole of the Bible there. I remember how queer it felt narrative.

on the first afternoon of tracting, One is not called according to his to stuff English tracts in one pocket, nationality in this land. He is eithand German tracts in the other, and er a Mohammedan, Jew, or Christhen go out on the street. As we tian. In Palestine these three great

went down the road we knocked at religions meet, and although they the doors. When the people came exist together their boundaries and

to the door we would hesitate a molimits still appear sharply as if cut ment for them to say something and with a knife. And because of these

thereby show their nationality. If three religions there are three Sabsaid they nothing, would we meekbath each days week—another ly attempt English saying, by strange thing a westerner to whichEXAMPLES OF JEWISH BUILDING—TAKEN FROM

in afternoon,"ROOF OF AN saying and "Good UNCOMPLETED APARTMENT. must accustomed. become

itJEWISH filled into reach our BUILDING pocket with AND CEMENT MIXER—is Friday the the of Sabbath MoARABIAN BUILDING AT RIGHT. THE tracts. If Englist look a over came

all that the hammedans. day On if their faces as did they not know their stores close Mohammedan tythree thousand write. read can or talking what about, were we we is doors. of the Saturday Sabbath Imagine it a task what be would try in would immediately German,

all the that on day and Jews Jewto bring the to Gospel those people! shift deftly and to the other hands ish stores closed are barred. and the Here to better adshow Jews the pocket where Gospel German is It tell easy nation to has which vantage; the majority of can them tracts in were. Usually section the the in enterprises commercial most read write. and of tracting, are which town one we Haifa: majority the Saturday on In it a is European country usuthe or other right the be would one in stores the of the are closed town ally necessary for a missionary to then offer and our meswould we deserted. and Sabbath Jewish The learn but one in language to order sage. then, the however, and Now is strictly all to outfrom adhered preach the Gospel. In Palestine he look of not disappear doubt would

It starts at appearances. sunward at least must know three to effecbe their either faces from with language lasts evening Friday on down and tive. are There three national then they and say something would until evening. Saturday on sundown languages: it English, is (because in or or other Arabic Hebrew some

is rest that time During observed, a British Mandate), (beArabian It tongue. turn then our be would for big the ply even busses which cause the majority are of that ) race to written faces, doubt our on show their the there over here and way is and this (because Hebrew desigall and could to shake do was we entire country. follows, and Sunday nated as the of homeland the Jewsmile, heads, our to the next go and their Christians the observe Sabbath.

. ) ish nation of these three one Any is in tracting door. the Such Gerits religion in acts Each way; own can as be used the national tongue. at colony Haifa. man its laws; to each holds each own In walking cities the through of

Palestine one notices the large Tn the PalestineSyrian Mission, lives in a different world; and yet,

number of signs and advertisements Church literature in English and all are mixed together in one little its deson the stores. Store owners are German is principally used. We country, and hold sway over

forced to advertise in three tongues also have some literature in Artiny.

to cater to all. The busses in the menian. We have a thriving branch Is it any wonder that the task

streets are covered with writing to in Aleppo which is almost all Arseems great to a missionary of the enlighten all three peoples. Were menian. Their monthly lessons are Church whose obligation it is to

these languages somewhat alike it prepared in the mission office, transbring all people together under one would not be such a difficult situalated into Armenian by President plan? But we are comforted in

tion, but they are all founded upon Piranian, and sent to them for their knowing that "God moves in a mysdifferent writing and alphabets. In classes. terious way, His wonders to perspeaking, Hebrew and Arabian have In other languages, and in the form."

much in common, but in writing they most important for this land, Arabic are essentially different. Besides and Hebrew, we have been woefully

these three there are many others; lacking in literature until now. It is,

the immigrants from all parts of however, in the process of prepEurope bring their languages with aration.

them; is very strongly repGerman

* Mission headquarters have since been *** resented and Yiddish is a tongue Sioufl, Achrafie, Beyrouth, to Rue moved which many understand and use. Lebanon, Asia Minor.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Cirtronomer,james jeans,recentlythepredictedEnglish thataspaintThe mealand printingleft afterinkpressingto lubrication.may be A"LJummingbirdA stopped in flightwingsby ahavenew ultrabeen

in 36,000,000 years the moon will be used as feed for animals or with flour, high speed method of photography. To

close enough to send 650foot tides or to make glue. It is also used in the photograph the wings, which in hoverplastic industry. ing move at the amazing speed of

nearly sixty beats a second, it was

Oeople who are either deaf or don't necessary to have an exposure of a like to hear a telephone bell can hundredthousandth of a second.

have a signal light installed to call them to the telephone. The light may either

to be made flash, or to stay lighted until TfHE"*"as earthwormsoccasional arebaitmorefor usefulfishermen.than call is the answered.

Darwin showed in England there are "\ /"itamin B has been artificially proon an average 53,000 earthworms in acre cultivated of in ground Eng- "duced methods by by chemical a land.an soil of pass ten tons per They together. of scientists working number

acre their per foodthrough annum beriberi vitamin preventing can This their canals the surface and bury with the cheaply synproduced be more by fine castings at rate of earth of three the it thetic extracted means, than can be fifteen in inches years. the keep They natural sources. fromover the seas four times penning a year,

soil circulating surface their burandAmericans the eastern between and air allow rain to enter the rows andwestern ranges. mountain freight railroads ton haul of a a 'T'he ground.

* less of mile with a glass water and1 than a handful of fuel. Scientific selecto in drug treatthe be used NEWA tion of coal, chemical treatment of not only may Dreshrunk now* arthritis of ment recently anwas cloth or also clothes but mean

the beforenounced American Chemical paint. of mixture oil with soybean ASociety. complex the benzoate, use A oil, the in right tung proportions, durof the given has progressive compound ing for preparation paint veas a use

definite reliefand pain, fever, of and hicle three cent. shrinks Since per raw inswelling testing, careful years two oils this shrink preduring weathering,

in center. medical City Jersey Another contributes shrinking the to longer

group of doctors has found that diets of the paint. life

with a great deal of sulphur and little of carbohydrates are beneficial. "Eat 4

eggs.""Dlackstem rust damaged wheat last

< extent to the year of a hundred 1 * dollars. million Department U. S. TheAmong the many important an- -sRs?——"i*** at the nouncements UniHarvard of Agriculture has developed a new

versity tercentenary the developis resistant to boiler water, and improved locomotives spring almost was wheat that have reduced the coal required to movement influenza of a vaccine. new

1 000 tons of equipment and freight from all known types of rust. similar alongDeveloped in methods

America and England by using the 163 pounds in 1922, to only 120 pounds submicroscopic "agent", the vaccine is in 1935. 'here has been an average of about

already in human use with every evi- 2,000 meteors strike the inhabited dence of effective prevention. 'T'he du Pont recently anCompany4

"* nounced plastic, waterclear a new

T Tay fever asthma and may also as glass, be strong flexible but nonand fungi A caused or molds. Cases by shattering. It is easily since workable

have been found where the patient it can be sawed, cut, drilled, polished failed to respond to tests for pollen, but and molded. It is claimed that a square

gave violent reactions to fungi spores inch of it will carry a load of five and a floating in the air. half tons without cracking.

4. > C hooting and bombing insects is a "\17'et concrete may be hardened in new way to get rid of the enemies fifteen or twenty minutes by a of man. A new patent describes the new vacuum treatment. By means of

firing from shotguns of compressed a suction pump hose and rubber mat slugs of insecticide which burst into placed over the freshly poured concrete dead dust and envelop vegetation with the air and water are sucked out. The

a fine insect killing powder. pavement can be walked on almost as

soon as the pumping is finished. portion of the earth every year during

the last century and a quarter.

'"Phe soybean, imported from the Far >

East where it is used as an article /ellophane is being used instead of food, is bidding fair to become a * of cotton and silk in insulating \a7hen a tall chimney falls it may very important factor in American agrielectrical equipment and wires. Since v "crack in midair soon after it

cultural and industrial life. It makes it takes less space, exceedingly thin starts to topple over. When this hapgood hay, and the beans are a green sheets being used to wind the wire, pens the top of the chimney breaks

vegetable for the home table. The oil more turns can be applied in a given toward the back instead of in the difrom pressing is used in industries from space. rection of the fall...

n the of Land Shepherds By LORENE PEARSON

A GLIMPSE OF THE NAVAJOS WHO TEND

THEIR FLOCKS, EVEN AS DAVID AND THE

SHEPHERDS OF OLD.

is generally assumed that Old through a pinion forest where every

IT Testament days of pastoral livautumn tribes come to gather pine nuts, then into broken, on again flocks ing followed when families colored salt desert where bushes pasture to pasturefrom and worded grew sparsely for the winter pastheir wisdom in phrases rich with turage of sheep. "With snow forexperience in grazing sheep existed

water the shepherds can use thisonly in antiquity. But a land

very like the Palestine of early arid land,"our guide told us. "The sons and daughters of Abrahamrecord remains almost intact in our

their following nomads, were bands familiar Southwest. Anyoneown of sheep. but had no homes They thewith the of and Book Mormon

Frashers Photos, California. to those place Pomona, they from moved struckBible cannot but be by the TIME, MILKING RESERVATION NAVAJO like Indians. these Insimilarity if he will follow trails into place—just summer they pasture near the

land.the heart of Navajo

little springs corn. In and grow a him, follow sheep for they "The River, in the the Along Colorado

flock,"winter follow they the his voice. will a stranger know And bridges, the natural ofcountry

signs For hours had seen flee no follow, will we not they but from flats,arroyos, wild cedared sandy life;: of evening drifted shadows the for they voice into him not of knowhills, the break sharp points up and the canyons. hollows "It and won't strangers."10:4-5.) (John desertcolored of the contour not be long now,"the old man said. We trailed along behind her upunlike the hills of Lebanon; it is a as sighted Almost he spoke the we to the dry hogan, a wash home land,vast with peopled wandering rising dust from a of band moving built poles, earth. of branches, andtribes living Indians, of remarkably sheep that so and it somewhere, knew faintly just the arroyo Near waslike Israelites. ancient the

in there hidden a dry arroyo must be green, spring that tiny a meaning of old missionary found an who We hogan. water a and apAs there, we water oozed and up down these labored Navajoshad among proached, foot unseen, on and we the below, extra collected water had ofin the early the days Mormon girl in Indian an along saw walking girl into pool. small led a her Thesettlement "Lamanites,"the among the flock, of lead the in singing a left flock to to water and them intoto us the guide Testament Old clear voice, the just following, sheep their thirst while quench she went spell."called"for a been had He as in his described Jesus parable: to the hogan. on could up not Weto his labors Indian missionary by

Brigham Young. help thinking of Rachel, the chieftain's daughter of old, coming in

traveling a car, the with Even was in the the country Navajo P\own with her father's flocks to water.

*-* Inatslow; the noted author has the wheels, sand dragged among

dians pastoral remistrongly customs trail, fragile like the dim aand the mother, hogan had the who niscent Israel the of of shepherds Atthread, windings and had many the from of Book whom Mormon been her weaving loom on one it off spots where broken hadmany records these are de- "Lamanites"of that those superb blankets nowaltogether. the so not scended. as slow "But Pearson, husMrs. whose the to world whole came knows, is Professor band Agricultural of firsttime brought wagons down we

in greet us to her and meagre way at the University of Economics Wyosettle,"theinto to the San Juan is ming, the not of a Church, member to their us home. welcome make She told us;whitebearded guide "We but has in conducted research much little a hurried his brown and boy

trail to then, carve ourhad is make history own presthe at and "Mormon"off sister to milk the goats few they ent time writing a of early novel outfits getout walls our to canyon in father, quiet, the herd. a The contributions aphad Her have river Utah. the cliffs to thedown along

in peared Indian the Society dark with of a Relief The wisdom Mag'himself:crossing."checked He Country Gentleman, azine, The The in his shepherd the eyes peace and

others. Independent and that's Woman, story."another"But of great his face, spaces on watched present writing This prompted was

trail dipped across a sandy The pitch us far from not the our tent intimate in the journeys by several wash where a sudden flood had taken country of the Navajos, In the Land hogan, perhaps even as Abraham out every trace of road, though now of Shepherds. did when travelers stopped with him.

it was dry, then up again, winding By the time we had finished our

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936 meal it was dark. The sheep had F

bedded down in a little rock enclosure against the bank of the arroyo, and were quiet. A fire was

built in front of the hogan, for desert nights are chilly, and we all sat around it, quiet yet peculiarly companionable. A traveler in the Israel

of old might have spent just such a tranquil evening.

After a time the Navajo family quietly left the circle of the fire and each rolled up in his blanket outside the hogan. But not even the peace

of the desert could make us sleepy yet. We felt that we wanted to

climb the hill above us and breathe in the entire spirit of this old, old saw and lived in ages gone. Frashers Photos, Pomona, California.

Sitting there in the starlight it was NAVAJO HOGAN AND FAMILY easy to think back to the Old Testawalked past up the tiny cornland.We tents,"and the how the women, even field, the white of mass bedded daughters chieftains, of did disnot sheep, out and a ridge on that gave dain to tend flocks the their of faus starlit a of view the country. thers. priest of The Midian had Perhaps the thing most noticeable seven daughters they and came and about sheep is country the immense filled drew water and the troughs for stretch of the land, its and seeming their flocks "because they tended desolation. This thought of as we It them."easy to was understand satwe let stilldown and the vast that poetic how phrase is "the Lord ness creep us. It upon a counShepherd"my lips the came from try of uncultivated of wasland—open, those lives whose were spent withwithout fences. hills Wild, cedared flocks of in sheep the country of thegave to valleys way of sagebrush; Israelites.

rockstrewn hillsides jutted upward; it to And easy was understandand painted deserts stretched before these how American Indians, whomus with deepgorged, winding canthe of Book teaches are Mormon and sandy stream descendants beds—dry Israel, of have these cut the face of the land.yonsnow—which centuries many perpetuated the custhe divides, higher On up, grew of toms their Israelitish forefathersstraggling forests of fragrant pinion lived in who the land of the sheppines, farther and to the north we herds before their American migracould see, dimly, the outlines the of tion. Frashers Photos, Pomona, California.mountains where grew scruboak, Looking INDIAN down the upon arroyo, CEREMONIAL DANCERScottonwoods, aspens their with quivthe sheep, the hogan, the tiny andering leaves, sighing and evergreens. ment. mirror of recalled pool, the could Abel we how help not was We ofThousands in sheep scatwidely a keeper of remembering sheep, the girl Indian and leading how whentered flocks grazed this over vast flock her Abel brought to firstlings the precious his of water from aland, just such a land as Abraham flock the of day Lord searching for respect had unto pasture. Abel NothYOUNG NAVAJO BOY AT WORK and his offering. How Jabal was ing could express the scene and

Frashers Photos, Pomona, California. the father of "such as dwell in all it implied better than David's

Psalm;

"The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not

want. He maketh me to lie down in green

pastures: he leadeth me beside the still

waters. He restoreth my soul: he leadeth

me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yea, though I walk through

the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod

and thy staff they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of

mine enemies: thou anointest my head with

oil; my cup runneth over. Surely goodness

and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the

Lord for ever."-Psalms 23.

We remembered also that on a brilliant starlit night like this, one star gleamed brighter than the rest to lead the Wise Men to the manger of

Jesus, just born to save the world.

The journal OF

A BULLETIN OF THE PLAINS. ARCHER WALTERS

JUNE8TH, 1856 PART IV Meetings as usual. Went to bid

Mr. Linley goodbye. We journeyed 3 miles. Lost the cattle at night. /Continuing the selftold story of a man who with his

Camped amongst bush and did not wife and five minor children, left home and country sleep well. Harriet very ill. Found and comfort to cast his lot with those who, in the midnineteenth

cattle Tuesday night at the old camp century were sacrificing all material considerations and even life ground. itself for their testimonies of Gospel truth.

11TH Journeyed 7 miles. Very dusty.

All tired and smothered with dust and camped in the dust or where the 19TH dust blowed. Was captain oyer my Traveled about 13 miles. Camptent of 18 in number but they were ed Bear Creek.

spirits oura and family Welsh of tent united. but 20TH a not were Had Traveled about 14 miles.Bvo. Ellsworth would not let me use

it and had to leave my tent poles be21ST hind me. Traveled about 13 miles. Camp12TH ed at Indian Creek. Bro. Bower 23RD

Journeyed 12 miles. Went very died about 6 o'clock; from BirmingRose early and traveled 10 miles;

fast with our hand carts. Harriet ham Conference. Went to buy some then repaired the handcarts. Harriet

still very ill. wood to make the coffin but the a little better.

kind farmer gave me the wood and13TH It hot a very been day had 24TH 7 miles. Journeyed tired, never but more A pleasant andnails. I was God hot. miles. 18 Traveled Very so fast. but journeyedroad shall strength has said as my my day with Bro. Ellsworth always being

14TH be. For this I rejoice that I have a family from Birmingham named

Journeyed 7 miles. Pleasant. good health and strength according Brown and always that tent going

15TH to my day. Indian Camp Creek. first and walking so fast and some

Frost the fainted Bro. by way. to 4 o'clock about make up Got a 22ND not going worn out by so fast and Lee's brother soncoffin for John my at break up Got and made of day resting more. and many years. 12 Lee, aged Williamnamed the for coffin by Bowers Bro. James

Meetings as usual and at the same 9 o'clock and he was buried at 11 time had to make another coffin for o'clock. Aged 44 years 5 months 25TH

Sister Prator's child. Was tired 2 days. His relatives cried very Traveled about 13 miles. Sold

with repaidng handcarts the last much after I lifted him in the coffin some files to a carpenter, repaired week. Went and buried them by and waited to screw him down. 11 some handcarts.

moonlight at Bear Creek. o'clock washed in the creek and felt

refreshed. Meeting 2 26TH very much16TH Traveled about 1 mile. Very until 7. spoke Bro. McCarter Harriet very ill. Traveled 19 o'clock

aremiles and after pitching tent mended about being driven and he did walk faint from lack of food. We

lb. ofcarts. into the Gentiles first rate and told only allowed about % of a

them that they did not mean to be flour a head each day and about 3 17TH driven again and not to be excited oz. of sugar each week. About J/?

Traveled about 17 miles; pitched about the priests to come against us of a lb. of bacon each a week; which

tent. Made a little coffin for Bro. as a people again for they would makes those that have no money

Job Wetting's son and mended a find them a terrible people. very weak. Made a child's coffin

handcart wheel. for Sister Sheen—Emma Sheen aged

18TH 2\/2 years.

traveled sunrise; before Rose 27TH

miles. and Very hot, 10about

camped for the day. Harriet still Got up before sunrise. Cut a

very ill but hope she will soon be tomb stone on wood and bury the better if it please my Heavenly child before starting from camp.

Father. A BUFFALO HUNT. ( To be Continued

RESTFULNESS THE NARROW WAY Kahlil Gibran, translated from the original

By Edward F. Malouf, a convert to the By, Kathryn Hymas Williams

Church of Jesus Latterday Saints Christ of

IViscard fine linens of and ["knew the way was narrow my coffin *-** cover my body in leaves of violets * And very, very straight and lilies. Where evil could not harrow,

Lift my remains from this casket of jade Where jealousy and hate and lay me upon a carpet of orange Were all unknown, unbidden;

blossoms. But I had never heard

Do not mourn for me, my friends, but A thought by darkness ridden, sing songs of youth and reverence. A quick depressing word,

Wipe thy tears, ye daughters of the fields, Were equally intrusive;

and sing songs of the golden harvest Nor had I heard them say days. How wondrous fair

Do not disturb my silent heart with thy Beyond compare sighs and tears, but engrave upon it Was this, the narrow way!

with thy fingers the symbol of love and joy.

Do not disturb the restfulness of the GAHAZI'S LAMENT ether disturbing with thy voices of By Bess Samuel Ayres let thy sorrow, but with hearts enjoy life. the praise of everlasting me tried to heal the T Shunammite; Don't display thy a somber as garments

I * held staff in vain; my of symbol of but mourning my death,

lies, greed for My worldly goods, my put cheerful thy on garments and share happiness. joy and my

of speak departure with sighs MY GIFTS BroughtI covetedoldtheElishakinglypain.robes,Do not my

tears, and but close thy eyes and ye By Carmen Malone TheI wovegoldtheof lieNaaman'sof prophets'hands;sons, shall herefind me now, among you

ran across the And sands. after, forever. and wise '"Phe gave men Him I this gifts—why And now wear tarnished robeLay upon carry green me branches and * I? should not these hills Amid stones, and steps to with slow the midst away me

all not should for seek wisdom who live Why the And among leper tribe, of deserted woods. give? With bleached bones. and dying in not bury a graveyardDo me crowded

I frankincense; gave They Him might have cloak, Elisha's worn for the clatter of will skulls bones and I shall give reverence, prophet, As healer, seer, disturb peace. my strive path to aid someone whose Instead, I coat, this chose gai,dyCarry to the valley of joy me and And away proves rough. here. I pesn And now restfulness, that in dig and grave a me

spot where the wild violets and lilies

The grow. wise men gave Him gifts—I can but

try STORMY WEATHERDig me a deep grave so the natural elewill ments not I By Elna Myrup Dibble carry my bones away To matchlive; their gifts with service while rivers to the deep

and gold, gave myrrh They Him the grave of so wide 9. enough shadows such this,A as day I have I shall untold, give love night sit come and may by my side. belted its coat, "PJorA weave gifts pray humbly And may my this clothing fromDiscard and body my softness quite be enough. Of unparalleled,

lay me peacefully in the heart of the Upon each fleecelined sleeve earth. And Lay me slowly and silently upon the A flareat itsof neck,foldedto squirrel;hug my throat,

breast mother. of my scarf of a eiderdown GIFT I PRAY ONE soft grave earth. withCover my lambskin IAndhave gloves. swirl To

lilacsScatter that seeds of jasmine and I skirt; a woolly have Viner Below, Evelyn Wooster they grave and By grow upon may my jacket I have made A

silent seek of the substance body my it, I don beneath To and have in the air purity spread theAnd boots High and a of suede. cap and I wouldWhich thatwouldI couldunlockholdeachthemysterymagic key passpeacefulness the that heart of my

ersby may recall my past ambition and For those benighted ones who have not But at home I have an open grate dreams. heard With a fire by which to sit;

in the hidden written word. beauty friends. So I will lendLeave coat by The Leave me now, me my my to you

dulleared those With who were silent myself, 'from While foot- I stay return in knit. with and and

as steps—silent echoes of the uninhabMy earthlystore ofcarehidden loveliness I'd share, death. ited valley of

Return to thy homes. Ye shall find there That it might cast a brighter gleam each CONTEMPLATION

what death could not take away from day me and from you. To help them all upon life's broad highBy Beatrice Knowlion Ekman

way this place, forLeave what ye seek is far, resting, spent KTary and wan, That far this from world. away would be joy for me. 1V1 "Wakes from slumber deep.

PERSONIFICATION CouldFor someI butsadanalyzeone whoan hadanthemnot learnedrare to WisemenJesus is asleep.bringing gifts are gone.

Witles Eva By Wangsgard care cattle hearing Mary low, is child eyes a with wondering thrall; music's the For door open and wideSpring the Waits break of day,

life surprise. before. never Beginning glad with been pushed had afar Which Sees the lighted eastern glow

is let to there the old view him enough panoramaSummer wear To Pale toOrange blossoms in her hair. Within the land of harmony so fair, shadow—grey.

A'tumn's a mother, pleasantwilled, Until his spirit soared beyond the sky, Stolid ox and huddling sheep

Who keeps her larder amply filled. Where faith and hope and valor never Watch her where she lies...

Winter's a grandma, so old, die Knowing not that she will weep

She wears a shawl and is always cold. That would suffice for me. Beneath Golgotha skies.

Front pace news FOR AMERICA By DR. FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM

Utah Director of the National Youth Administration oxk Simas Copyright, 1936. by The New York Times Company.

Entered Postoffice. as SeNewlend -ClassYork, Matter.N. V. NEW YORK, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1936. TWO

Send Mormons Soon to Open > Jai Storehouses for Needy CITY THRONGS CHEER R00SEV

By The Associated Hresa Oct 23.- CITY. SALT LAKE ex ee

filled in aj storehouses, Bounteous wood all unemployed! take to program laboio

will bej AS THEY OPEN FINAL BATTl relief.""off membersforme

1 by the'Nov, needy the to i opened Fil

Church. Latter Day Saints fritter

govwill system""budget The or Uv clothing food, of distribution rn REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE C to about aiid supplies medical 15,000 persons reported eligible'for aid. situated strategically dozen Intra* ISmiih A out [kelly May pes with [storehouses.i,-Pr6 crammed ROUTE THRONGED

hi and food roemade [preserved Meet im Two Summer. the throughout clothing against charte projects work created church |The

employed those wardfarms, ind to Have Ex in Streets Leader? the ffan 200,000 redeemable certificates receiving

Lead.r Democratic Brooklyn to Stick Together} in goods.—'GoingDebate Station the Between ia program similar planned J A Proportional to Opposed After Genial Says t nejxt year Ifor Hntel flpvisinn and pnrr* Vntinn

to beneneighbors for a definite meet demand prominence and of the citizens—how Typical they could fit themselves. what they seek a change They andgive—notfellow the significance accorded

in public policy or in government could get!

Security by Program Church in three held complaints In meetings one procedure. usual The

repress above the nation's region, thouare: a criticisms attended people by are Church and The of print from the Times Newis Yorkthe I this people, treated heard: unjustly in power; those sand is what by a which 29, 1936, in October provide public funds front the taxes are too high; may we help 1. How

is position given feature center page cultural capitalists are profitable are being and squandered; and work

an Associated Press note on the taking the profits which belong to spiritual activities for our people, progress of the Church Security the producers; workers are being so that all may live the more abunProgram. exploited; teachers'salaries are too dant life?

Since the Church Security Prolow; politicians are giving all the 2. How may we prevent waste of

gram was first launched about eight public jobs to their friends; state the products of the farm, the mill,

months ago it has continued to be officials are selfish. Demands are and the shop so that there shall be

"Front Page News For America."made for lower taxes, higher wages adequate food, clothing, and shelter

The reasons for its widespread puband fewer working hours; clamors for all?

licity and enthusiastic acceptance are heard for sharing the wealth of 3. How may we, by association

are many in number, but no doubt others, and for pensions and bowith our neighbors who have fewer one of the principal reasons fs its nuses for privileged classes. opportunities than our own, help lead

spirit of inspired, unselfish service But, in the meetings I have atthem into happier and richer lives?

a kind of service peculiar to Lattertended pertaining to the Church Such meetings are being held freday Saint communities. Security Program not a single comquently under the inspiration of the

I have attended scores of meetplaint, not one criticism, not one deChurch Security Program, wherevings on social welfare, taxation, mand of any kind was made. Iner Latterday Saints reside.

government, and similar public stead these leaders discussed earSurely this is "Front Page News problems. Usually such groups nestly how they could best help their For America!"

IwmOn PRESIDENT WILLIAM A. DR. MERRILL AND S. FOUNDERS'DAY

NOBLE PASSES WIFE ARRIVE HpHE Latterday Saints'College president of the "P\r. and his wifeXT17"illiam F. Merrill A. Joseph Noble, observed Founders'Day on No12, at arrived home, October since February, ** Logan Temple

1935, assistant to President Shepherd 1936. Elder Merrill has been president vember 21, 1936, at the historic Lion

from August, 1917, until his appointover the European Mission during the House with a banquet followed by a ment as president, passed away Octolast three years. dance on the Roof Garden of the

illness.ber 27, 1936, after a brief

at Smithfield, Utah, Born March 3, B. Y. U. FOUNDERS'Smith Memorial Building.

1863, he early became active in the DAY

HThe Brigham Young University WORD OF WISDOM observed Founders'Day on OctoPRAISED ber 16, 1936. President Heber J. Grant

and other General Authorities were Tn the Health Digest of October, among the speakers. 1936, there appears an article titled

FOURTEENTH WARD, condensed"Mormons'fromHealthan earlierHabits"articlewhichpubis

SALT LAKE CITY lished in Horizon. The article begins

18, 1936, Sunday, October r\N manner: Elder in challenging a "Do you

sustained E. Richards "Joseph was exthe greatest to want know about

as Bishop of the Fourteenth Ward, periment in correct eating and correct

Salt Lake Stake. living ever conducted?"To Latterday

EAST JORDAN STAKE othersSaints areit isbeginninga matter toofappreciatemoment thatthe r\N RaymondSunday, OctoberH. Clayton25, 1936,was Eldersusvaluebring ofgloriousa principleresults.which if lived will

tained as second counselor in the East

PRESIDENT WILLIAM A. NOBLE

Jordan Stake Presidency.

Church, serving as missionary in EngDRAPER FIRST WARD, SPRINGVILLE FOURTHland, superintendent of the Young WARD, KOLOB STAKEMen's Mutual Improvement AssociaEAST JORDAN STAKE dedicated sustained Reed Beck was as "President Heber J. Grant Rldertion School and as assistant Sunday

First Fourth,L'Bishop * the Springville of Ward, Draper Wardsuperintendent in Smithfield, as a member of the High Councils of both BenEast Jordan Stake, on Sunday, OctoChapel, Kolob Stake, on Sunday, Ocson and Cache Stakes. ber 25, 1936. tober 25, 1936.

Survivors are his widow, Mary Jane Smith Noble; three sons, William,

who at the time of his father's death was serving as a missionary in the

Eastern States; George S., and Clyde;

four daughters, Margaret N. Handly,

Jane N. Hampton, Rae N. Christensen,

and Flora N. Olsen.

AURORA WARD, NORTH SEVIER STAKE President Heber J. Grant dedicated

the Aurora Ward Chapel, North Sevier Stake, on Sunday, October 11, 1936.

NINETEENTH WARD, MISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGSEPTEMBERFOR THE26, FIELD1936—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTNOVEMBERLAKE MISSIONARY12, 1936 HOME

SALT LAKE CITY First row, left to right:.Olive Beckstrand, Elizabeth Clement, Isabelle Dunn, Agnes Branch, Mary Goddard,

J. left right: row, to Second President Sessions, Wyley Johnson, Leavitt, Olsen, Homer Wendell Barton Eli 11, 1936, October Sunday,Qn Verda Stuart, Beth Adams, Beatrice Jensen, Leone Chadwick. Ross, Adeline Wilson, Basil Shields, Carma Walker, Ralph Rulon Smith, Durfey. Haws sustained was left Le Cheminant De row, right: Neil Third to Winterton, Neal Machen, Marvin Lola Bird, Deamer, DeLoy Ada Hawker,

Russell Campbell, Westover, Leo Mattman. Ed.as Bishop of the Nineteenth Ward, Beattie,

row, Fourth right: left to Allred, Sterling Alfred Frost, Owen Probst, David Kunz, Iver Price, William E.Salt Lake Stake. Halfeltz, Christensen, Kohler, Don Stuart, Henry Claud Hinckley. Clinton W.

Fifth row, left to right: Boyd Woodward, Glen Allan, Blaine Parkinson, Albert Pennock, Sidney Hurren,

row, Sixth right: left to Paul Clayton, Erwin Schick, Garth Nebeker, Udell Sorensen, Clifton Flint,- GeorgeGOSHEN WARD, JamesHolt, Petrie, Hyrum Deloney, Dwight Loosli, Rulon Orton. Stone, Lowell Kenneth Torgensen, Charles Yorgensen. William Hansen,

TINTIC STAKE Seventh row, left to right: James Mortensen, George Crawford, Calvin Leatham, EmilFetzer, Lamont

Loveday, Chet Miller, Frank Bailey, Keith Facer, Ariel Sorensen.

left row, right: to Paul Nicholes, C. Smith, Jay Gerald Lynn, Blaine Dan!, Hart, Marvin John Wilkins\T7illiam was Thomas orStevensen,Eighth Ralph Berthelson, Laurence Desclard, Erickson, Stayner Kenneth Brighton.

left Ninth row, right: Centerfild, of to * v dained as Bishop Price, Ferrin Ohlwiler, Homer Goshen Glenn Jesperson, Grant James B. Hughes,

Ward, Tintic Stake, on Sunday, OctoMerlinTenthStoker,row,RayleftZenger,to right:HenryNeilLunt,Purdie,Mark ClementWheeler. H. Johnson, Woodrow Westenskow, Alfred Maynes, Blainb

ber 11, 1936. Clyde, Gerald Wilkinson, Ray Isaacson.

ibditonal of Latterday Saints. It is fundamental to the

Concerning the Lord Jesus Christ whose Gospel. It is inseparable from the doctrine of

birth the Christian world commemorates individual salvation. It is an integral part of the

at this season and whose divinity and Lordfabric of "Mormonism."

ship oyer this earth all Latterday Saints The same fundamental principles that invalidate accept, Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and Sidney "mass"salvation and that repudiate the ceremonial

Rigdon left this testimony which bears freacts of an overprivileged priestly class performed quent repetition'. for their votaries, will not countenance an existence

possible by the efforts because of others—not things, made while these upon And we meditated others are unwilling, but because in the kingdom the touched Lord our understandthe eyes of

ings and they were opened, and the glory of of God here and hereafter every man must stand the Lord shone round about* by his own works.

And we beheld the glory of the Son, on In a machine age it is possible for a small part the right hand of the Father, and received of the population to produce food, clothing, and of his fulnessj shelter for all, but it is not possible for any man,

And saw the holy angels, and them who in a machine age or in any other age, to give to are sanctified before his throne, worshiping others the moral, spiritual, and intellectual values

God, and the Lamb, who worship him forthat come with labor, service, and creative resourceever and ever* fulness. No man transmits knowledge into exAnd now, after the many testimonies perience except by doing. No man grows in spirwhich have been given of him, this is the itual or intellectual stature except by serving, cretestimony, last of all, which we give of him: ating, achieving.

That he lives! This is the essence of the Church Security

For we saw him, even on the right hand Program—not merely that men shall be fed and of God; and we heard the voice bearing recclothed, though that is important—but that eternal

ord that he is the Only Begotten of the man shall be built up by selfreliance, by creative

Father activity, by honorable labor, by service. A generaThat by him, and through him, and of him, tion reared in idleness cannot maintain its integrity.

the worlds are and were created, and the A generation that expects its government to perform inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and miracles is placing a mortgage on the present and on daughters unto God.—Doctrine and Covethe eternal future. A generation that lives by the efnants 76:1924. forts of others grows soft and strays from the

principles and ideals that have built its heritage.

Mere physical sustenance has never been the chief aim of eternal man, and at this Christmastide, which the world great observes with greets and Q/aithj vi/ork3 and Security divergence, Latterday Saints cause have

Another season commemorating the birth of our supreme gratitude that the Church which bearsfor

Lord and Savior finds in quandary a world both the name and authority of the Lord Jesus that has learned much and has much yet to learn. Christ, recognizes that the "spirit and the body are

There is unrest in the midst of plenty; there is the soul of man"and that man grows and develops

insecurity in a provident world; there is a bartering by rendering service, and not "by bread alone."

of principles, ideals and fundamental liberties for At this season of much giving and much taking the promises of despots. There are situations to we are grateful for the faith that came from our

be viewed with alarm, with determination, and fathers; for work that keeps us from the decay of

with gratitude. idleness; for the security that brings us peace, with

This people, whom the Lord has blessed the knowledge that together we have earned it, and far beyond our deservingtogether shall enjoy it.—R. L. E. abundantly—perhaps ness—pause in gratitude for faith that came from

our fathers, for work that keeps us from the decay of idleness, for security that brings us a measure Vauues of peace. With the coming of this season, stresses Although we want to renew ourselves with the

are relieved, hopes are enlivened, and faith is born enthusiasm and joy in the Yuletide which comes anew: yet must we look to our standards—ecowith the Santa Claus spirit, we must remember

nomic, social, and spiritual. that at best, Santa Claus is but a poor substitute for

In presentday America he who is not gainfully the Christ whose message is of eternal importance.

employed may not starve, but the fact that physical We should stress for ourselves and our families the sustenance may be had without effort, will not desire to receive the spiritual blessings which result insure any man against moral, spiritual, and intelfrom a reconsideration of the fundamental verity of lectual deterioration. living: the abiding faith that we have in a Supreme

Perhaps nowhere in a modern world of much Being whose love for us impelled Him to sacrifice enlightenment and much ignorance is this stark His Only Begotten Son for our eternal happiness.

truth more completely understand or more actively Too much commercialization of Christmas has provided for than in the Church of Jesus Christ robbed it of its greatest significance. We spend

lavishly, foolishly, and repent at leisure. The world as it is; hope in what it may become as a

happiness which we thought we had assured by result of our efforts. Without hope life is meanour presents has turned to gall and wormwood ingless, empty. Many years ago, Dante wrote in

before we finish paying for them. How much his Divine Comedy as the inscription over the gates

more sensible to buy only those things which we of Inferno: "Leave hope behind all ye who enter

can afford rather than pile up debts which will here."If that is a condition of the infernal world

eventually lead to worry and discord rather than we should stress the holding to hope—a hope which

to peace and lasting love. Our wise president, eventually will surmount the trials and sorrows and

Heber J. Grant, has told us constantly that we hardships of this earthly life and will keep us firm

must not go into debt. This is one season of the in our faith until we can reach the eternity where

year when we must be particularly forewarned. every day will be a Christmas because of our having

The stores are crowded with so gorgeous a display reached Christ's ideals. Kindliness is one of the

of gifts that we hate to tell children and young virtues of which we speak in connection with the people who love them and whom we love that they Christmas spirit—but kindliness does not stop with

cannot have them. If we succumb, however, we giftgiving. True kindliness means the giving of

are often guilty of a greater wrong because when self on any and every occasion. It means: conwe are worried we cannot maintain the kind of sideration for others, tolerance of others'viewhome conducive to the best good of the family. As points, encouragement gladly given, sorrows willtrue Latterday Saints we should remember the ingly shared. The Christ spirit means the increase

Christ spirit—and submerge Santa Claus. of faith: faith in one's self, because Christ preached

Nowadays with the stress of modern conditions the value of the individual, faith in one's fellow we want to recapture at every available moment man, because Christ preached that we should love the true messages of the Christ. At Christmas time our neighbors; faith in a Divine Being, because

the opportunity is ripe to stress His teachings. Christ in His living and dying proved His own

The Christ spirit means increased hope: hope in the belief in that Supreme Creator.—M. C. /.

UA/rnstmas (greeting.

ANDmultitudesuddenlyof thethereheavenlywas withhost praisingthe angelsGod,a derful,lasting Counsellor,Father. The ThePrincemightyof Peace."God, The everand saying, "Glory to God in the highest, and Looking back through the vista of almost

on earth peace, good will toward men."twenty centuries, we follow the Shepherds to

As we vision the beauty of that starlit night, see the newborn babe. We see the Wise Men

and hear in fancy the glorious melody of the kneel and worship Him and give Him costly angels'song, our hearts soften, and we ponder gifts. With them we leave this scene, but watch

why this day of all others is so universally His growth until "He must be about His Father's celebrated. There are anniversaries of great business."

men and great deeds, but none that unites the But hark! the Christmas bells are ringing.

hearts of mankind as does this day, the birthday Ten thousand, thousand voices are lifting their of our Lord, Jesus Christ. hearts in songs of praise to the "King of kings,

Why does a sacred spirit pervade this day? and Lord of lords."With all Christendom, the

Is it because the Christ was cradled in a manger? Latterday Saints join the mighty chorus rejoicNo, millions of babes have been born in even ing that His voice still whispers peace.

more lowly circumstances than was He. Is it "Lo I am with you alway—even unto the end."

because He performed many mighty miracles? Yes, the end of strife and war when the

Oh no, men soon forget miracles. Is it because proclamation of the angels will be consummated.

He suffered death on the cross? No, not that. That glorious day will come and blessed are

Many persons were crucified in that olden time. they who watch for His coming.

It is because He comprehends the temptations, In this spirit the General Boards of the Mutual the suffering, and sorrows of all God's children, Improvement Associations extend Christmas and His great love permeates all space and greetings to our officers and members throughout touches the hearts of all who are sensitive to the world. We congratulate you that you

His divinity. And because He so loved the acknowledge the Savior of mankind as the

world, He freely gave his life that all men might Leader and GuidingStar of our Church.

be released from the bands of death, and be May God bless you abundantly for your good resurrected to eternal life. works, and grant you every righteous desire

No wonder that His birthday was heralded of your heart.

by heavenly hosts, and no wonder the ancient General Superintendency—Young Men's Prophet sang, Mutual Improvement Association. "For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is

given; and the government shall be upon his General Presidency—Young Women's

shoulders: and his name shall be called WonMutual Improvement Association

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

gifts are in evidence, toys for boys The world today is in the throes jo too frequently turn to the war toys: of agony largely as a result of the

ik "t a cap pistol, a sword, a box of tin World War. Debt, revolution, r f-.&/;/i: 11 iV ':% ''i'i: soldiers. One enterprising concern misery, and disease follow in the

has now made an entire layout of wake of wars—and have followed

war equipment all inclosed in a box war from the beginning of man's which can be readily and inexhistory to the present. Not only

pensively purchased. Although does the debt affect the actual genthese toys are apparently inexeration which fought the war, but it

pensive they become more expenextends far, far into the future, hamsive in the long run. As Chanpering the lives of untold generaning Pollock told us so forcefully in tions of children yet unborn. The

The Enemy: the real enemy is hate. best blood of a nation is also sacriAnd we foster this feeling of hatred ficed and as a result their brains and

by our unwise choice of toys. their vigor are not available in helpPeople who have made a study of ing solve the problems resulting from

the interests of others state that one the war.

of the greatest urges in man is the Let us resolve as mothers to plan desire to put things together and that we may rob war of its glory; take them apart. In our choice of

toys we should recognize this desire. that in its place we may create an

Blocks, wood and steel structural earnest desire to follow the Christ sets, hammer and nail sets, chemin His love and fellowship with all istry sets, microscopes will all satisfy mankind. When we reach this stage,

Tn December we celebrate a great this native impulse and will help in then will Christmas celebrations take holiday: Christmas, the day of a creative way. on a new significance, the vision of

real will celebrationpeace! occur OF THE COST TOTAL WAR WORLD A "THE have thus far not been TO which ALL we EQUALS THESE STATES UNITED of are horror and war warwhen COMBINED. EACH SYMBOL EXPENSES reTHESOCIAL

realize. able to $500,000,000."the books, REPRESENTS world. Recent frommoved

although not many of them are written on war themes, emphasize the tragedies which result from it. In one ALL THE CHURCHES THE UNITED STATES

of them the specific statement is made that there will always be wars because men love them, that women is true, this do. Ifdon't but men THE TOTAL COST OF EDUCATION FOR FIVE YEARS

it it that plausible, seems soundsand the mothers of men should be able to implant in the hearts of young children the dislike of war with its resultant evils which can never be effaced. truism become which has A trite ALL I NT mSsst fftt'w TH E wSJtStS U RFACs9 C fEStfEP ROAflfflK PSkSQh BP HE'ffjPffl UNITBaW EDCXEi STATwla E S is repetition constant: if you trainbythe child in the first eight years of his

life, you need not worry the rest of his life. The early habits of childTOTAL COST OF ALL THE MEDICAL CARE FOR FIVE YEARS

hood become incorporated into the fiber of their lives. Unfortunately,

the marches which children learn are often militaristic. "Soldier Boy,

Soldier Boy, where are you going?"

even the youngest of the childrensing lustily. Immediately a glamor aaassasc IM*

and thrill is engrained on their imTHE TOTAL FIRE LOSSES F 0 R TWENTY YEARS pressionable minds that will endure—thatlong afterof thethecarriagepurposeofoftheirthe bodiesmarch

and their response to rhythm has been forgotten.

On holidays and birthdays when Courtesy of Foreign Policy Association and The Literary Digest

From the diary OF A BISHOP'S WIFE By ADELE CANNON HOWELLS

Listened to afternoon session of hands, and every one well suited to

Conference at M 's, then went the person for whom it is intended.

back to the Sunday School ConferHer presents are not only for her ence in the evening, to see the Taberrich friends, but for the poor as well.

nacle again filled to overflowing. Although she never mentions it,

Remarkable foresight of Brigham many worthy families in trying cirYoung to build such a great audicumstances are made happy at torium in the desert. Christmas time by her thoughtfulThursday, October 8th. Back in ness and industry. Naturally the

Los Angeles in twentytwo hours on talk turned to Christmas.

a fast train, in perfect comfort and "I think I had better hurry up and with every care, a trained nurseplan my Christmas presents,"said stewardess being in attendance. F. "I am usually a last minute

Pioneer time to make such a trip shopper."There was a silence. "I

C aturday, October 3rd. Strolled would have been at least twentyfive don't do much shopping,"suddenly

up South Temple tonight, a times as long, or nearly a month. burst out R who is noted for

lovely autumn evening, waiting for Sunday, October 11th. Attended her fearless frankness. "I think we

my husband to come from the Genthe Book of Mormon Club after have too much 'Santa Claus'and eral Conference Priesthood meeting. Church. This group is made up of not enough 'Christ'at Christmas

Interesting to watch the faces of the young men and young girls who attime. So many jimcracks and lollimen and boys as they came out tend Sacrament meeting and then pops, tin horns and tinsel spoil the

five thousand of them, exalted, honadjourn to someone's home for Book real Christmas in my opinion. It

est, and sincere, full of high purpose of Mormon study. Very interesttakes our minds and hearts from

and resolution. What a contrast ing. I heard there is also a Church the real meaning of the day and

between them and the faces of men History group which meets every smothers the true spirit of the occapouring out of the boxing arena. other Saturday evening. sion. If I had my way at this seaSunday, October 4th. Attended Monday, October 12th. Bishop son of the year, we would read the

Conference this morning and took busy working out details of Church Wonderful Story over and over.

part in the congregational singing Security Plan. Folks returned from We would try to picture the little

during the nationwide broadcast. As Conference all enthusiastic about band of pilgrims journeying to Beth-

I sat there I thought how different it. More than twelve hundred botlehem to pay their taxes, the weary

it was from the first conference held tles of fresh fruit in the temporary Mary, and the final seeking of shelin Salt Lake Valley, August 22, "storehouse."Also stacks and ter in the stable because there was no

1847. The Conference was held on stacks of clothes being sorted, reroom for them in the inn. The worthat date because the First Presipaired, and worked over. One nonshipping shepherds seeking the

dency and many of the Pioneers and member said of the plan: "It is the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes,

members of the Mormon Battalion greatest thing the 'Mormons'have the Wise Men following the Star were leaving to return to Winter yet undertaken."and giving their gifts of gold and

Quarters. It was held in the origWednesday, October 14th. Defrankincense and myrrh, the Angel

inal Bowery built by the Battalion licious luncheon today with S and the Heavenly Host singing, members on the Temple Square. As usual very delightful time, her 'Glory to God in the Highest, and

There were approximately three house shining from top to bottom, on earth peace, goodwill toward hundred present on that occasion. everything beautifully arranged and men!'On Christmas Eve, I would

Today there were about twenty she meeting us calmly at the door have special lights glowing in every thousand present on the same because she always chooses inhome and church and temple in angrounds, in the Tabernacle, Assemtriguing dishes that she can prepare ticipation of the anniversary of the bly Hall, Bureau of Information and well in advance. Savior, who is Christ the Lord."

the lawns between the buildings. Her Christmas presents are al- R suddenly stopped, abashed

The broadcast went to a nation of ready tied up in beautiful packages, by her own outburst. But I am sure

nearly one hundred and twentyfive each one a work of art, and resting she made her point and that this million, many of whom listened to on the top shelf of the guest room Christmas Eve will see at least six the services as they traveled along in closet. Her presents are all pracnewly lighted homes in memory of

their automobiles. tical, most of them the work of her the Master.

THE OUTLOOK FOR PEACE

A MONTHLY COMMENTARY ON WORLD AFFAIRS

By DR. ARTHUR L. BEELEY, University of Utah

forces at work are too involved. Morenevertheless appears that Germany

over, all of the reports which emanate will officially recognize Italy's annexfrom Spain are highly colored. There ation of Ethiopia and in return will

is obviously a great need for a disinreceive trade concessions in colonial terested agency to procure and disEast Africa.

seminate the facts. What a rare opThe deeper significance of the recent

portunity for the League of Nations! overtures between Mussolini and Hit-

+—+—ler, however, undoubtedly relates to

Tn a recent article in the London the present crisis in Spain. Germany

Observer, Salvador de Madariaga, and Italy have been openly aiding the formerly professor of Spanish literrebel forces in Spain, the reason being ature at Oxford, points out that neither that they are both exposed to the comside can be accused of waging the mon "danger"of communism.

Spanish civil war for unworthy, mean Not until some satisfactory form of international is invented government sides, he selfish purposes. or both On

will it be possible to avoid such alideal argues, march an "a vision and in front of the fighting units like the liances between nations.

Biblical column of smoke in front of +—+—

"\X7hile the present outlook for peace is Israel!"Madariaga contends that while TVTotwithstanding the many setvery poor it cannot be rationally "waves of fascism and communism *"backs which the League of Naassumed that war is inevitable. Morehave swept over Spanish territory, it is. tions has suffered in recent months,

over, it is the supreme moral duty of nevertheless, a fact that even if Musmuch of its routine work goes forward all civilized people to invent a society solini had not existed, the Spanish quietly and hopefully. At a time when

in which it is possible for all human tragedy would have occurred."the League seems most impotent, its

beings to live together peaceably. It appears that the "right"does not physical equipment has become the

+—+—want Spain to change, and that the most grandiose. The sheer beauty and

HPhe rebellion in Spain continues "left"cannot organize itself to produce size of the new League headquarters at unabated and with little hope of a the change which it desires. The soGeneva symbolize an act of faith which

"left,"lacks called sooner or says as an Madariaga, later will materialize decisive and speedy outcome. The

it unity of a effective purpose; of instrument of international is made up for rebel forces, which some time have

been gaining power, seem to be checkvariety of socalled liberals of varying government.

three in the should there pride are take shades. Americans Apparently antiat present, however. mated The

fact that three authorva- our outstanding one of of and brands communism receiving are forces magovernment ities rieties on international law, socialism, while of the "anarchoDr. Manley terial Italy support and moral from and

Germany, notwithstanding the obligasyndicalists,"deadly enemies of these O. Hudson of Harvard University, has

tion of these latter nations to remain six branches of Marxism, constitute been elected a judge of the World at to classes Court succeed and of the former half working about The Hague, likeneutral. government, The soviet

all! at Secretary in State of B. U. S. believe government Frank not its right simdo to render wise, is asserting

ilar assistance to the other side, i. e., It is Madariaga's belief that this lack Kellogg, resigned.

to the Azana government. This unof unity is the main weakness of the +—+—

fortunate takingof-sides by the great "left,"and may result in victory for the Tn a new and stimulating book enforces 1 "right."the "right"Should civil titled Vital a is presumably what of Risks, Peace: A Study powers—in believes, win, the victory, Madariaga (Constable, the London), complicates Eurowar, seriously H. Wickham

pean situation and tends to widen the will be but "a shortlived episode in the Steed concludes that "Not until the of the evolution for selfdefense counneed has disappeared, conflict beyond the revolutionary of the scope if Franco, very much try."He doubts lusts that ugly and the bid of Spain. nations and boundaries

In a recent announcement, Manuel the rebel leader, has the ability and men attack others have been placed

Azana, president of the Spanish rethe support to become the instrument under iron constraint or tamed by sheer public, stated that his government of an orderly revolution. "A dam, he necessity, will the meaning of life on

will by swept be away this religious political earth fully realized."and be maintain would

still canal, save he may the Spain—andtorrent. A Peace, argues, never liberty he would "at all costs,"and must be a more

be converted into a communistic dicpossibly Europe as well."vital form of human existence than any

tatorship. He denied further that the +—+—which mankind has yet seen. "It will

Catholic church has been persecuted TpHE recent "understanding"benot be attained without changes revoluby his government. What the republic tween Berlin and Rome suggests at tionary. But I would rather see the

did, he says, was merely to separate once the inevitable alliance of the peace revolution begun in a boldly conthe church from the state. fascist powers of Europe against the structive spirit than have it come as a

It is very difficult for a disinterested rising tide of communism. While the rebound from the catastrophe which

nation like ourselves to comprehend text of the recent ItaloGerman agreeretrograde revolutions are now prefully the Spanish tragedy; the social ment has not yet been published it paring."

of ur The Story ymns (Continued page 757) from QrOIITV* V-/ \J I/VAMIN FAPIL /\ V-i LL F O scripts signed by Charles, John, and Samuel Wesley, were found his belongings. Though inPOINTS TO among

straitened financial circumstances his parents managed to send him to

Oxford. At the age of twentyseven PEACEWORLD Scouting, the universal brothed to be friends and we made new he came to America with his brotherhood OF YOUTH, KNOWS NO ones every day. By actually living er John and lived in Georgia, but

COLOR, RACE, OR CREED ONLY HIGH for two weeks with thirty thousand on account of ill health he was

IDEALS THAT LEAD TO PEACE. foreign Scouts we learned that they obliged to return to England within

thought and acted just as we did, a year. Soon after their return to

even though their color and creed England the brothers came in contact with a Moravian John to whom different. might be these We loved lessons in English. gave As a result brother in Scouts as those as much

America. Throughout the Jamboree of this contact the brothers received

encampment covering many square a tremendous spiritual awakening.

miles was an attitude of friendliThey went through some unusual ness and good will, no thought of experiences, which I haven't time to enmity, everyone showing his relate now, and laid the foundation paramount thought of creating for Methodism. John preached and

world peace for the future. Charles sang and for forty years

"The real benefits from this Jamthey stirred up old England.

boree are being manifested as time Charles composed many of his goes on. I am corresponding with hymns as he rode along on a little

eight Scouts I met at the Jamboree pony. The inspiration would come

who live in the following countries, to his mind and at the first resting

Esthonia, Luxemburg, England, place he would call for pen and paAustria, Persia, Syria, South Afper in order to perpetuate his thought. time the horse stumOne rica Australia. and exchange We Charles sprained and fell and literature stamps, songs, varibled and

ous articles pertaining to our rehis hand, and the inspiration for spective countries and are thereby that day, he said, was lost. He died

continuing our worthwhile friendMarch 27, 1788.

essay America "How Sing,'Can the 'Hark! Herald Angels ship. these After contacts could howT:-iE first in written was two Stay 1737. The which Out of War"to ever against want won we go to War

the Eddie Cantor $5,000 scholeach other? lines originally were as follows:

arship prize essay contest out of "If the United States govern- 'Hark how all the welkin rings.

212,000 entries was written by Eagle ment sent picked groups of youth Glory to the King of kings.'

Scout Owen W. Matthews of Portto these international gatherings, "Thirty years later the Reverend

land, Oregon, and is here reproexpenses paid, it would open the Martin Madan changed the lines duced in full: eyes of youth the world over as to to their present form. Changes by

"My idea how America can stay the futility of War. Upon their rethe same hand modified the three

out of War is based on my personturn to America they should deother stanzas and added a fifth.

al experiences. liver lectures in schools and to old- "The tune is from Felix Men-

'G o 1 1 1st "I am an Eagle Scout and have er organizations telling the thoughts delssohn—Bartholdy's"been in Scouting for seven years. of youth in regard to War with Licht.'

Through Scouting and other worthother countries. If taught in youth "That's very interesting,"said

while youth movements is the way the crime of War, as adults these Mr. Perkins. "Hav you time to

this can be accomplished. boys will wholeheartedly disfavor tell us about 'SiTent Night! Holy

"The spring of 1933 I heard of war. Peace gatherings and encampNight?"

the coming Fourth International ments of youth from all countries "Inspiration to pen the words of

Scout Jamboree to be held in Gowill do more to further world peace that soulful carol,"said the chorisdollo, Hungary, and made my plans than adult peace conferences held ter, "came to Joseph Mohr, an asto attend. 1 went to the Jamboree in some castle or other building. sistant pastor at Oberdorf, near

and there found my solution for "Stress the movement for intelArnsdorf, Germany, on Christmas future world peace. While a memligent voting at the polls, to see that eve, 1818. The young priest was

ber of this wonderful Jamboree I the only people sent to Congress are attending a celebration in the schoollearned what true brotherly love those who will do everything huhouse at Arnsdorf with his dear meant. manly possible to vote always to friend Franz Gruber, a village

"In Europe wherever we met a keep us out of war. schoolmaster, song writer and

person in the Scout Uniform we "If we teach our youth of today church organist. These two friends

knew he was our loyal friend and the crime of taking human life, as talked earnestly and regretfully brother. Although unable to conin War, they will vote in the future over the fact that there was no really

verse with some foreign Scouts, never to leave their own shores to great Christmas song. Pondering

their actions always bespoke friendfight against other nations. the thought, young Mohr that same

liness. "Thus America can stay out of evening in his church study saw the

"All boys at the Jamboree wantWar."( Concluded on page 778

Program of the of Church of teaching way the geography of a one to the to add list growing of Church Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints it land to which never may literature. be our author has his The chosen (Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Published privilege by to go. will The book a be incidents well to the emphasize salient the Department of Education of the welcome addition for the occasional characteristics in the inChurch which Church, 1936, Deseret Press News bedtime quickly which poem will read fluenced the in that order the man man pages. 283 the send family to bed happy conand could in his turn help forward the

tented.—M. C. J. work of the Church. r\UT of the courageous and forwardbiography The begins with Rich's looking in experiment religious Charles Rich, Coulson Pioneer conversion to the Church follows and education undertaken the by University Builder of the his West subsequent experiences in keeping of California Southern in fall the of (John Henry the with doctrines the of religion, which Evans—Macmillan 1935, for conducted the Mormon Company, York, 1936.) New the became great his living. of end His Church Dr. by A. of the John Widtsoe willingness to aid him calls accept made list his to of A dded commendable of Council the this Twelve, has come to help pioneer not only Utah, also but books, John Henry comprehensive Evans gives us and connected survey Idaho California. and his newest Pioneer for volume, the dealing student desires to review who errors The few observed will no with Charles C. Rich, colonizer, his misand amplify faith of knowledge the doubt be corrected in later edition. a sionary, peacemaker, organizer, practice and mayor, of the of Church Jesus

soldier. Christ Saints. of Latterday book, The

designed Any great movement calls forth a The Soul's Fire classes, for college for missionaries and for the general reader, number of capable men and women. (Jeremiah Stokes, Suttonhouse, Ltd.,

Los Angeles, 1936, 291 pages—$2.75) covers the field under five major headings: 1, The Purpose of the Church; rPHiS "personalized"story of "Mor-

2, Practices of the Church; 3, Organimonism"does for the epic of the

zation of the Church; 4, Explanations nineteenth century what cold historof the Church; 5, Origins. chronology With scholical can never do—it arly logic it tells breathes the "soul's how "Mormonism"fire"into the leadthe Gospel of Jesus Christ—cares for ing men of the restored faith and makes

the body, develops the mind, nourishes of them flesh and blood heroes, mighty the emotions, enriches the spirit, in stature, mighty in faith, mighty in strengthens the family, aids the comdefeat, and mighty in triumph. Focusmunity, insures economic security, and ing attention on a comparatively few

serves the state. This book, which is strong and colorful characters, two

being used this year as a text in the threads of narrative are pursued alterregular senior college curriculum at the nately, until they eventually intertwine

University of Southern California, to build a soulstirring conclusion. As

champions the axiomatic belief that the Church moves from New York upon the public school, which "owns"State to the great uncharted West, and the major time of our youth, rests the as the Northrop family move from obligation to dignify and make possible England, torn and separated, to the the teaching of religion, character debody of the Church, each act of persevelopment, and the popularization of cution becomes the personal brutality great moral and spiritual truth. Amerof neighbor to neighbor, each hardship

ica needs men of righteous conduct and becomes the personal privation of a the American schools, which largely dearly beloved friend, each stand for determine the opinions and attitudes of CHARLES COULSON RICH ideals and principles becomes the perchildren, our see that must has sonal America triumph of strong men made by Pioneer The movement excepno was the of kind needs. she faith. men addition In Aside from religious any or histion to this generalization. great The to being a valuable college mistorical and significance Soul's "The Fire"leaders of history Mormon have we sionary textbook the Program the all contains of of the elements that make become less or more familiar with; JohnChurch Jesus Christ of Latterday engrossing fiction; of but, this to the add in Henry his latest Evans book, Charles will its find Saints into way realization many that these things happened Coulson Rich, us shows another man as a libraryhomes permanent reference to and men I, women, even as you and life whose may admire we emulate. and for It reading. general clariandwork and this you have story of epic courTo and Mormon alike nonMormon fies aids and the reader to orderly an age.—/?. L. E. this will book for appeal the wealthpicture of "Mormonism."L. E. R. of historical detail its included in covers. With the current need for coThe Rolling Years

Viking Verse operation in trying to solve pressing (Agnes Sligh Turnbull—Macmillan

(Anna Johnson, Deseret problems, the book illustrates what Company, New York, 1936.)

Press,News 1936) people can do they when are willing to setting for '"The is Rolling The Years aid others less fortunate than they. The a Scottish its Presbyterian silver goldVC7ith farming and ship Viking humanness of Charles C. Rich made in community western Pennsylvania. the cover, on sails Viking Verse him all accepted by classes alike in story The moves forward powerfullyinto port, its with ninetyfour poems England, Switzerland, and America, including the love stories of threeabout memViking lands people. and Aland among peoples of various races. bers of the family. McDowell ofthough the feels Two author that the book this Since book was after compiled the love stories are happily settled: thatwill hold interest most for those who a very careful perusal of source materof Jeannie and Richards, James theknow Norway, that the we know ial never published, the volume becomes schoolmaster; that and of Jeannie's willpoems to do in anyone much the doubly valuable. is The book a good (Concluded on page 776)774

vl/hat Shall vJur Children iriead?

j"et's make it a book Christmas this is a Doubleday, Doran publication of of its excitingly different plot centered year. Books arc somehow so satisthis year. around an adopted girl Molly Blair.

kkkk-kCaddie Carol by Woodlawn, last thanfactory longer so and much this of find the follow- "Doys age will is Macmillan a Ryrie Newbery gifts the during accumulate whichmany ing worthwhile: books

so. prize deservedly season. considerholiday Yet when We we winner—andBrink, biogkkkk+Youth's it in the September Era. reviewed Captain—a great ofthe published books number

each year, we are almost overwhelmed. krk*k*South o[ the Sunset, by Claire raphy of Emerson, by Hildagarde Hawthorne. (See December, 1935, published and by the Rufus establish kind of Churchill some We must

is biogEra. an exceptional Wilson Co.,yardstick can measure by which we

them. First of all we should underraphy of Sacajawea. The book is like kk+kkYoung Walter. Scott—Janet

stand each child's age level of interest. a breath of fardistant romance which Elizabeth Gray's biography of IvanWe know that the younger ones are finds an echo in modern hearts. hoe's author. (See November, 1935,

fascinated by imaginative writings such -k*kkkMademoiselle Misfortune, Era.)

as: fairy tales, allegories, fables, and written by Carol Ryrie Brink—and ilkkkkScarface—by Dorr G. Yeager,

myths. For these younger ones of the lustrated by Kate Seredy, starts off with published by the Penn Publishing Co.,

family there are many new books which a bang when Alice Moreau hears heris exceptionally good for the informawill readily satisfy. First of all will self and her five sisters dubbed "Mistion concerning the bear's life and

come: fortunes."Any live girl will find much habits.

rein the learning misfortune joy how kirkkTinker Stone Bluff, by of Ingri kkkk+George Washington, by fortune. trieved her is pubbook The Arnold, Doubleday, H. by Nason Aulaire. story Parin Edgar D.& The lished Macmillan by story stimulating gives Co., a Co.—1936. Doraninvites olds ten reading from even year kkckkYoung (Cornelia Americans of school where more a boys'much the delightfully are pictures soand

Literary Guild and Ginn taught. subjects than was fascinateexecuted the that they very Meigs—Junior

history with glow makes & Co—1936) letters. their Flemcannotyoung *kk+Talking form who Drums—Waldo reality stories related through the about

is ing, publication published Doubleday, of Doran a book DoublebyThe real characters lived while Amerwho satisfies theday, keen desire a 1936, 1936. Co., on Co., Doran & history in the ican making. was WashPhil detective to on the part of do work by boys Moose, //onk Lincoln, Twain, Jenny Mark 776) is (Concluded on pageStrong, humorously enjoyable—for

their in for atof share come ington,Lind—allall Illustrated family. the of members

all tention. should means by You

it is Kurt a Wiese,by Dodd, Mead introduce family to Meigs'your Miss publication of 1936. Company& kkkk+, exceptional Invincible Louisa kkkkThe Peter Adventures Whifof of a Alcott Louisa biography May is the for another good bookfen for the coveted which Miss Meigs wonyounger twelveyear-old group. The

in Medal, the and Newbery Wind readily into readingcan wheedled be kkkk, early of story a Chimney Amerthis his story to brothers and young life. ican sisters. is the L. Enid Meadowcroft kkkkLittle Soldier Plains, the by ofauthor. the publishers are Viking The

is the Publishing Co., wholePenn aPress, 1936. somely exciting book. Septem- (See Leaf, -kkkkFerdinand, by ber Era.published Viking by the Press—1936Munro k*kkckWinterbound, Margery by itsdelights the younger people with fantastic riotousness in picture and Bianco—illustrated by Kate Seredy

idea. which makes a combination assuring

quality. This 1936 publication of the

+**Giant Otto and Otto at Sea, by Viking Press will do much to make

William Pene Du Bois are two more girls realize the true nobility of houseridiculously show them how two girls work—and

met an emergency.the Viking Press—1936.enjoyable publications of

Ac- s Girl—Theodore level next'T'he age of interest is one land the Press, Viking may kkkAllisonHarper—by

tales, action. of adromances, Hero stimulate for a desire reading because

venture stories, all come in for their share of interest.

Boys and girls have some differences here although some girls will like boys'books and vice versa.

For girls the following list will be helpful: kkkkrkWhat Is She Like, by Mary

Brockman, a 1936 publication of

Charles Scribner's Sons is especially good for this age when the girls are first awakening to a sense of their different personalities.

kkkkkChallenge, twelve stories collected by Helen Ferris, editorin-chief of the Junior Literary Guild, is of unusual worth, romantic enough to satisfy the teenage girls'craving for a good love story, stimulating enough to encourage greater steadfastness and courage as desirable characteristics. This

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

On the Book Rack WHAT SHALL OUR CHILDREN READ?

(Concluded from page 774) (Concluded from page 775)

daughter, Connie, and Ian Donaldson. their own. Thrilling enough for any should be stimulated early in life to

The third love story, that of David adolescent boy—and if I mistake not, find good books and read them. Unless

McDowell for the "bound girl"Terese, girl, as well Talking Drums certainly we parents and friends choose wisely, is not so happily solved. removes him from the everyday world our young people may find poison

Forcefully written, keenly analyzed, of his experience and drops him into a rather than healthgiving substance in the book is a powerfully moving novel hotbed of African trickery and danger. their reading. M. C. J.

of early settlers and of the two suckkkkThe Voice of the Intangible—-->

Lyman—reviewed in the Winter QuartersAmericanceeding generationsfamily.-—M. ofC. J.a ScottishAlbertSeptemberR. Era.

Mexican Interlude kkkBlack Range Tales, by James A. Dedication Scenes

(Joseph Henry Jackson; The Macmillan McKenna, is a collection of tales from

Company, New York; pp. 232; the old Southwest which breathe adillustrated; $2.50. venture and romance. The book is a

Co. the of publication WilsonErickson

is the narrative simple a of bookTThis of 1936. "* experiences through which Mr. published S. kkkFrog, by P. Meek,

his party and while a went onJackson a of story relates the the Co., by Penn thetour over panAmerican highway finally transhorse, naturally mean,

It illusisto City beyond. and Mexico capable into dependable, a most formed

intertrated of a of means by number kindness. animal through

inesting the of photographs regions kkkFranz, by of the Police, A Dog itself. the party foundwhich

of the life portrays P. Meek, vividly Since over the route, in S. I have been

girl for that boy—orthe traversed, main, which Mr. Jackson

It own. proud to it interesting notes matter—woulda dog which anybe I found to compare

with him. He tells his story in an is a Penn Co. publication.

interesting, informal manner. The book ***Hurricane Weather, by Howard

is just such a one as a gifted and exPease, a 1936 publication of Doubleperienced traveler might write of a brief day, Doran, and Co., affords tingling

trip into a foreign country about which adventure for the not too easily exhe does not know too much and whose citable young man. A boy whose

people he could not understand too nerves are at all jumpy should read itwell. in short installments—and long before

Those who plan to make the trip to bedtime.

is a "kkBoris, Baldy, of Grandson can City byMexico all who car—and

B. Darling and story written by Esther itafford to is commake now the road

pleted should do so while the country published by the Penn Co., for those

ists—wouldis not too muchfind overrunMr. Jackson'sby autoaccounttourboysComewhobookslike areswiftequallyaction.good for boys

both interesting and helpful. The puband girls of this venturesome age

lisher says: "This is not a guidebook, as well as for any age.

but the kind of supplement that every A// the Mowqli Stories, byguidebook needs—a personal, intimate Rudyard Kipling, has something for

story of one traveler's adventures."- children of all ages. ( See October Era.

Merrill, Director Extension R.Harrison Rose kkkkkLike Softest Music, by

B.Division, Y. U. love the fascinatingly portrays Heylbut,

COMMONSENSE GRAMMAR stories of great composers. Delight-

(Janet Rankin Aiken—Thomas Y. fully informative, the book deserves a

Crowell Company, New York, 1 936. prominent place on the family bookshelf. Thomas Y. Crowell Co., pub-

"XT 7e need to study grammar to be able lished the book in 1936. to bring into orderly array the kkkkkMary Poppins Comes Back—

thoughts which we should like to use Pamela Travers, will give great enjoyconversation with basis foras the our adults. Mary ment to everyone—evenother people among we live whom (See is also exceptional. and Poppins

labor. In Commonsense Grammar, November, 1935, and February, 1936,

Janet Aiken gives friendliness, humor, Eras.

oroadmindedness, and balance which - kkkkThe Good Master, by Kate will make the reader enjoy learning to Seredy, introduces young people to talk according to the rules. Hungary in a delightful manner.

realize that us author makes The Christmas the during Drominent it is like in has that the poorgrammar should season of all ages for people us. earliest peowithalways been The

scriptural reading. be some talk able to tople be found need a

intelligently with their neighbors and -kkkkkThe Junior Bible, edited by therefore evolved a series of rules Edgar J. Goodspeed (Macmillan Co.,which would make the same form mean publishers—1936) affords good reading TOP: PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.,

QUARTERS ASSEMTHE WINTER entire for the family and the sizable ADDRESSING social their andthe same thing among BLAGE.

it. invites print 0. units. DAVID feel that PRESIDENT McKAY SECOND:business Mothers who

THE SAME GATHERING. HPhese language to brush up on their needthey R. L. COCHRAN THIRD: OF GOVERNOR

stuof their abreast to HISin order keep DELIVERING TRIBUTE TO THE A perusalsuggestionsin the selectionare forof books.your ADDRESSINGNEBRASKA

dentchildren will find this book readReading is so vitally necessary and so MORMONBELOW PIONEERS.A VIEW OF THE MONUMENT TAKEN

ablv helpful.—M. C. J. delightfully recreational that children ON THE OCCASION OF THE DEDICATION.

Florence, NebraskaWinter Quarters

September 20, iq36 Dedication Scenes

TOP LEFT: PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

SPEAKING TO A NATIONWIDE AUDIENCE OVER

THE NBC RED NETWORK.

TOP RIGHT: PRESIDENT GRANT CONGRATULATING THE SCULPTOR, AVARD FAIRBANKS.

CENTER LEFT: PARTICIPANTS AND GUESTS;

LEFT TO RIGHT, PRESIDENTS J. REUBEN CLARK,

JR., HEBER J. GRANT AND DAVID 0. McKAY,

PRESIDENT CARL R. GRAY OF THE UNION

PACIFIC RAILROAD; W. D. LANE, FIRST VICEPRESIDENT, OMAHA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE;

HON. DE EMMETT BRADSHAW, PRESIDENT WOW,

AND PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON. REED

SMOOT AND STEPHEN L. RICHARDS ARE SEEN

IN THE BACKGROUND.

CENTER RIGHT: RICHARD L. EVANS, CONDUCTING THE NATIONWIDE BROADCAST FOR

THE NATIONAL BROADCASTING COMPANY THAT

WAS RELEASED THROUGH RADIO STATION WOW,

OMAHA, AND THE NBC RED NETWORK, 9:30 TO

10:00 A. M., CENTRAL STANDARD TIME.

LOWER LEFT: PART OF THE CROWD THAT

ATTENDED. a #

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

J. fh StOTV/"-—'O1 OUT HvmnS/ \\7"RITTENVV Grant, especiallythis new hymnfor thewas 80thfirst sungbirthdayon theanniversarySunday eveningof PresidentradioserviceHeber of

(Concluded from page 773) the Church, November 22, 1936, 9:30 to 10:00 p. m., MST, Radio Station KSL, on a

J. Spencer A. picture "and there were shepherds broadcastCornwall, participatedRichard L. inEvans,by Presidentand the Grant,Composer,TheFrankTempleW.Singers,Asper,- Bertha

in the same country, abiding in the KLEINMAN, AUTHOR OF THE WORDS, LIVES IN ARIZONA.

fields, and keeping watch over their night,"flocks by (Luke 2:8)—PRAISE FOR A PROPHET inspiration the flash and and came

so on the peaks of the Tyrolian Alps Bertha A. Kleinman. Frank W. Asper.were framed the words of the carol

that was to be heard around the -<s-world. -c- sr -0- P * Christmas, morning,'"Mext

(some writers say of er - fu - sion, days ror r*and con—zd-- it was the 1. Lord, in these

same night), Mohr went to the 2. Lord, in these days when har - mon - y is brok - en,

home of Franz Gruber and present- 3. Lord, in these days ol fol - ly and dis - as - ter,

with his himed a folded of copy 2 J -<5>- it, carol. it Franz read opened and 42jS2 W- %-*2-exultingly exclaimed, 'You have *mss found it!—the right song!—God be T5F

praised!'He then repaired to his

own room and, inspired by the words, the composed tune as hurried it. Franz backnow have we 4—4- i=t -0--9- -Z5tto his friend saying: 'Your songit sings itself: the tune came to me sAm -&-TTf m

at once and while you were gone I When, in dis - may, the na - tions wage a - broad, played to the Strasser sisters and When i - dols fall and standards change and fade, - sti - nence,we have together composed it.'Praise for a proph - - et's might of ab

then Gruber sang and "Mohr it J -<2- a duet,as the author singing the s- themelody, bass. the composer The MI3rrf-t 4—I—sisters,Strasser the under of name

the 'Strasser Quartette'learned it and later it was sung at the great cathedral of Leipzig. The song was db&50E

t3 first called Tyrolian 'The Song'be- -<Sh- -&r-&- %r*3=3cause of its place of birth. It was r- f--r

not printed, however, until 1 840. In Lord, when the world is bit - ter with de - lu - sion,

1854, thirtysix years after it was Praise for the Truth a prophet 'slips have spok - en, written, the Berlin Church Choir With call su - preme to lead us and to mas - ter—

sang it before Emperor Frederick mWilhelm IV. Emperor The was -J - r—h=—J-42- -s—r——5 so mj3E delighted with the beautiful song m f m r& p——that he ordered it given first place f R-ii=F=i=E

in all Christmas programs.

"Music histories contain very

i little, if anything, concerning the

l r—! #i #i itll*j*it &'alives of Joseph Franz and Mohr 1 -i 77, m1 J 3

1 * "#* J J—aGruber. birth years of Only the -05-—1i 1—<a-5z?1. trmAtrA+f

and death are recorded. Mohr, Praise be for Zi - on and her men of God.

17921848; Gruber, 17871863."For wis - don l ring - ing true and un - a - fraid.

"And now,"said Director ManLong may he live to serve Thy Prov - i - dence.

ners, "we must be on our way."

- night, | <3 a and Merry "Good: f h—1——ri—s w—-fef—-I"i all,"to saidmas Perkins. you Mr. f | *.. Christ- (osA\fc>n+t-B* i*i ITrf r'

1 1 1 1 footsteps the the of carolers i Asdied away the Perkins family knelt M in a fervent prayer of thanksgiving and soon all were asleep in their Chorus beds, dreaming of the joyful happy -zsl- -stSt to follow.Christmas

-&- -&- -d -3 3 *.—- -e-3F Sr-&- ==j—of the firedogs the On the backs

dying embers of the Yulelog flickPraise and thanks -giving, Lord, and ven - er tion, ered; silence was broken only by

-P-the far distant of echoes -&- -0- -G>- "Silent Night! Night, '& Holy -42PL -*—*3fc j&L Jesus, the Savior is born!"T- m

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

Afresh 2& 39 "that taketh his name in... "-&- -st- -*—38 Z> y 41 Country:tf -9r 3

Latin 42 Late For Thee our song, for Thee our glad - some praise, 43 Persian hook money -f=- -f P-—t- B- J. f-gfc 4544 Canadian"having

Football position IE -<S- 46 Pg..province., hear ye not?"territory 47 Canadian

48 Allowance to purchasers 49 Doctor of Theology 50 Southern state breakers Commandment should be this"32 =* unto 58 "not make thee any a- -<s--<s>- -23"2 52 of drift 60 Ridge

Guide Thou his steps who leads this dis - pen - sa - tion, 6162 Mountainous"the... said unto Balaam"

'%-*.—&(Z. J. <22 -P- Hg; 6364 PublicCanadiannoticeprovince

65 Note mm h-prr ft 67 Rainbow 69 King 70 "Remember the "DOWN ASE. 1 tables stone"of i

. father %:g= I 2 thy mother"thy and -ar-5 -J- =t

3 Pronoun Praise for our prophet of these lat - ter days. "the words of the covenant, the... 4

.".. Ex. 34:28

'I will give thee I -JJ32:-jO-i * S-—& m 0——P—u—S—law, a commandments", and and

25:30 Gen. 7 Esau *=*=N=t=p - 4= 1 S

'shalt the..."not take 8

9 Rootstock of a fern Scriptural Crossword PuzzleTen Commandments 12 The parson bird (var.)

13 African worm (See Deuteronomy 4:13)."shalt 16 commit not "Thou "

shalt 17 bear.. not 'Thou

20 Note 22 Teacher 23 The Ten Commandments 26 Sarcasm 29 Moon goddess (Rom. relig.)

30 "Thou shalt not..,"

32 "Thou shalt not..."

33 "saw others standing..."

40 River in Switzerland 51 Indian mulberry 53 Masculine proper name 54 New England state measure 55 Hymn 56 buy, and...""come ye,

57 Fine grain 58 "no other... before me"

59 Royal Navy 60 Mountain of Greece 61 Entangle 62 Help 65 Weight 66 Hebrew month 67 Pronoun 68 Rhodium SOLUTION TO NOVEMBER PUZZLE J A c O B 7 S D fX E A M $ S L E N H E A V &$

1 E U S A E E V a A T o R A L -R E 1 M A N N G: E "D Y 82 $

o| i |l IM E B N s K-R ACROSS E N E P O L E

1 "... shalt not of 24 20 "Ex. Saul end The S N l|u zfel S T A 1!

"... shot 4 repetitions"of 25 Size not vain H L H M T off "after these 6 the of... 27 the Faroe Islands T words"Whirlwind

10 Misery 28 Measures O? E v[o w L A E

11 "Thou shalt not..."30 Stuff N 1 O -R E L

3114 Danish Writing L E w L A F -R o A H Simpleton15 32 Old Testament books $ Two

1 1 U 5 L N s P E A M18 "... thing thou lackest"34 Clever

19 Confess Preposition 35 E -R L A T> D A A $ &21 Feminine 36 proper name Volume E -R E A M S $$H E B F K B22 Harangued Fish 37

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

RESPONSIBILITY AND any reservation. Only by doing this The missionary should so labor that

QUALIFICATIONS OF may he stand blameless before the the Lord may say to all unto whom

A MISSIONARY Lord at the last day, for there must he carried the light of truth: "Did I

be an account given of his ministry at not testify of these things unto you by

Tn February, 1829, Joseph Smith, that time. If he has served the Lord the mouth of this man?"What joy

Senior, went to Harmony, Pennsylwith all his "heart, might, mind, and will well up in the soul of the Elder vania, to visit his son, Joseph, and to strength,"then there will be no one who has been faithful to his commission make inquiry of the Lord to learn what standing at the judgment seat to accuse when the Lord shall so approve of his he might do in assisting to bring forth him of neglect of duty, but he may be ministry. On the other hand, what

the work of the Lord. In answer to the accuser of those who rejected his sorrow and anguish of soul will possess

his humble inquiry the Lord gave the message when he faithfully declared it him if at that day it shall be said of following revelation: unto them. him: "I gave you a solemn commission

field forth into sent forth harvest missionary the goes Every and you who is behold, marvelous a about work Now might, is vested in sickle the thrust clothed to your which with with your power to forth the children of come men. among

in to virtue accordPriesthood service failed give of the and him but you by serthat Therefore, the in embark ye O setting strength. received, ing to apart These has he might your and which all the thatvice see serve with ye of God, him

your heart, might, mind, and strength, that has power given to him "to seal both whom you see are your accusers. They

ye may stand blameless before God at the on earth and in heaven, the unbelieving failed to hearken to the word of truth last day. and rebellious; yea, verily,"the Lord because you did not declare it unto

Therefore, if ye have desires to serve has said, "to seal them up unto the day them."If that is said of the man who

called are to the work; yeGod call, surely he the missionary shall be the wrath poured accepted of God

is field to when the already behold white For the measure."without before wicked the Lord out upon shall stand condemned lo,harvest; that thrusteth in his and he

sickle with his might, the same layeth up in (Doc. and Cov., Sec. 1:8-9.) If this and have his talent taken from him.

incarried to the message has been that ethstore bring not, perisheth he but if said, misthe has the Lord Then fulness in of the to hissalvation the soul; habitants of earth his in his sickle thrusts with sionary

faith, charity, love, with hope, and in this And revelathe given commandment store in layeth might, "the up same single qualify glory to ofan the eye God, tion, said, are then, the "they has Lord not, salvabringeth that perish but he for thehim work. left their are sins excuse, without and is his tion soul."admonition to This virtue, faith, knowledge, temRemember their heads."Cov. upon (Doc. and ownperance, patience, godkindness, brotherly disregarded. frequently too The

if the missionary 88:82.) However,liness, charity, diligence. humility, is likely think to too missionary young

his in halfhearted goes about a work it shall receive; Ask, knock, and and ye his commission. indifferently upon

is in interested partlyshall only and way, you. be opened (Doc. unto Amen. the to declare sent Truly, has been he

all Sec. Cov., 4.)and his to carrying men, and message perverse to salvation a of message

obligations violates the covenants and that of indifference the but world; brief revelation contains ample This himself, then taken has upon he which constinot his does pleading to worldinstruction, in guide to sentences, a few is are not sent those unto he whom lightly. it treating his for tute excuse an in missionaryevery person every and left rise excuse. up without They may is "laying that forget he not him Let rethe given has been Church who last at to the because accuse him day not,"as in perisheth store that he up fullsponsibility in the Priesthood, to a failure of the to his of message carry to save someone as endeavoring wellrealization of sacredness imthe and to obsalvation as he under them was missionary perishing. else from The are of obligations theportance which ligations conditions do. to such Under

is ways. cuts labor both which a sword is If folthis instruction him.upon for will has stand he he condemned, the It of bearer the or saves condemns thoughtfully obediently andlowed by his of himself freed not the blood from

it the or saves message; condemns are to calledthose they the work, who generation.

that message. of hearer fail their in qualified to mincannot be significance the understood Moroni

istry. of this. After he had written his mesIn order to qualify for this great

While the revelation was given to sage to the Gentiles living in this preswork, the missionary must have faith in

Joseph Smith, Senior, it is plainly seen ent dispensation, and notwithstanding God and in his own mission. He must

from a careful reading of it, that it was he spoke unto them from the dead as gain the knowledge that the Father and intended, not only for the father of the one speaking from the dust, he gave the Son, in very deed, appeared to

Prophet, but for every other person them the following warning: Joseph Smith. He must obtain, by faith

that prayer, testimony the Joseph and in service the the Lord. of embarkswho

I to these exhort remember you And the that called of and Smith was God in the Church, Elder eachTherefore that things; speedily for the time ye cometh of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church calling, special his matterno what may lie I for shall shall that not, see ye know orrepresents, Saints, he which was direct this revelation astake a comat the the of and bar Lord God; God me

the through of power ganized by God I the to will declaremunication Lord. from not you: him unto say Did my

It is necessary at the very beginning words unto you, which were written by the opening of the heavens.

of the ministry for the missionary to this man, like as one crying from the dead, He must go forth with the hope of out of the dust? even as one speaking life in his eternal heart, and feeling in yea, own thatunderstand he embarks when

10:27.) Moroni [Book of Mormon, in the that he an instrument be maythe service of the Lord, takes upon he

himself a very grave responsibility that Then will all those unto whom the hands of the Lord, in bringing salvation has a bearing upon his own eternal words of Moroni have come stand with to the souls of men. He must be filled

welfare, as well as upon the eternal bowed heads in the midst of their with the spirit of love and charity for welfare of those unto whom he is sent. shame, condemned before the Lord. all men, that charity being the pure love

He is to serve the Lord with all his So it will be in the case of the misof Christ which our Master manifested "heart, might, mind, and strength."In sionary if he has not performed his to all the world. He must be willing

other words, he is to give to the Lord labor as Moroni did, with all his "heart, to sacrifice personal desire and comthe very best that is in him without might, mind, and strength."{Concluded on page 790)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

LESSON BOOKS FOR 1937 as it has done from the beginning, and NORTH IDAHO FALLS STAKE as it did to ancient Israel. While soSUPPORTS SECURITY PLAN

All quorum supervisors and memcial and material conditions have greatof the Melchizedek quorum pVERY with bers should be supplied in centuries since the the lesly changed *t in North Priesthoods series and Aaronic for 1937. booksson The new the giving of the Commandments, Ten

of lessons begins with the first Sunday day should be observed in the proper Idaho Falls Stake will engage in a Serin January and continues throughout spirit thereof, commensurate with presvice Project under the Church Securthe year. The lessons for 1937 will ent conditions. It is a day for the ity Program, it was announced by

follow the same general themes as for spiritual benefit of mankind. Nothing President David Smith, following a

1936, a study of Priesthood and the should be done that will detract from meeting of all Priesthood leaders of practical application of its principles a restful and worshipful attitude durthat stake, Sunday, October 25th.

to the lives of members of Aaronic ing that day. Adult Aaronic Priesthood groups

Priesthood Quorums. will participate in the plan on the same

All lessons in the 1937 books will In conformity with Church standbasis as Aaronic Priesthood Quorums be new and it will be necessary for all ards, all members and officers, and esunder the plans as developed at the supervisors and leaders to have the pecially the presiding officers of wards conference. Each group will begin imnew books. The price will be ten and branches, should avoid attending mediately to plan its project for next

cents per copy as heretofore. All orany field sports or theatres on that year. Growing of sugar beets, potaders should be sent to the Presiding day. Nothing should be engaged in toes and other crops, manufacture of

Bishopric, 40 North Main Street, Salt that will detract from the spirit of various articles, and the gathering of

Lake City, and remittance is to acworship and rest. Certainly, of all useful products and materials, are

company all orders. Each ward should men, those in positions of responsiamong the projects being considered.

send in its requests for books at once bility should set the example and give to counsel members, all Churchin that shipment be order made wise may SPECIAL CALLING THE stimuwill alike, that old and young as the delaywithout books as soon OF DEACONS late properly and to remember themare published.

observe this day so that at the close Messengers of the Lord events of in the reviewingSTANDARD QUORUM thereof, occasion the day, each rpHE Aaronic Priesthood holds the no may have REPORTSAWARD for regret, but may have been rested keys of the ministering of angels

Attention of Stake Chairmen of from the ordinary cares and diversions and of the preparatory Gospel, which ** the Aaronic Priesthood is again diof life, and have gained spiritual is the Gospel of repentance and baprected to the importance of checking strength and encouragement to greater tism by immersion for the remission up on all wards in the stake as soon works of righteousness. of sins. An angel is a "messenger,"

after January 1st as possible, to dethe name or title given to those whom to are entitledtermine which Quorums calls as act messenHis to Lord BENSON STAKE HOLDS thethe standard Award. Quorum As earth. gers the on to men CONVENTION this is the inforas determinedsoon ordained been have Deacons who

mation should be sent to the Presiding A special convention of Aaronic in the Church of Jesus Christ of LatBishopric who will give complete in- ** Priesthood leaders of Benson terday Saints hold the priesthood and structions and suggestions for making Stake, including the Stake Presidency authority, when properly directed, to the awards to Quorums. and High Council, Bishops and Counbe messengers for the bishop, as anof the are messengers Lord. When others gels Supervisors and Ward AARONIC selors,VOTING ON

call they directed by the bishop may to the supervision appointed of AaronOFFICERSPRIESTHOOD their needs, ascertain to the poor on ic Priesthood, at Richmond was held Presidency Aaronic of any nealso sent to deliverHpHE be and may 1st. November Demoncessities for is to sustenance the Priesthood comquorum be seTabernacle, and

lected by the Ward Bishopric, and strations of various types and instrucfort of those requiring assistance.

their names are to be presented to the tive talks and discussions were feaDeacons may be assigned to assist the quorum over which they are to pretured. needy, the sick or the aged, the widside to be voted upon. When they are ow, and do for them such manual work

approved by the vote of the quorum PIONEER STAKE ACTIVE as they may be unable to do themthey are authorized to act in that selves, such as chopping wood, and presidency. It is not necessary that (""\NE HUNDRED SIXTYFIVE visits to shoveling snow. They may be sent

these officers be presented to the Sacwards by members of the Stake by the bishop with messages to other rament Meeting to be voted upon in Aaronic Priesthood Committee in the officers or members of the ward, noadvance of their appointment in the first nine months of 1936 are reported tifying them of appointments and spepresidency of the quorum; but they by Pioneer Stake. Visits were made cial assignments. They may be assignare to be voted upon at the annual in groups and separately. The Stake ed to make appointments for visiting

or conference. anyone to However, teachers members,ward ward call on has averaged Committee two meetings

is to for to ordained any to be proposed appointments the ward makewho the entire period. Every a month foroffice in visit convenient Priesthood must at to families the Aaronic teachers

be voted upon in Sacrament Meeting ward in the stake has organized sutimes. If the visiting teachers are unand approved before he is ordained. pervising committees and eight out of able to keep the appointments made,

OBSERVE THE SABBATH monthlythe nine reports.wards areTheremakingare thirteenregular theIn thisDeaconsevent maythey substituteshould be forpreparedthem.

DAY members on the stake committee, three to sing and pray with the family when rPHE divine command to keep the being assigned to supervise the Adult requested and to bear testimony unto

Sabbath Day holy applies to all Aaronic Priesthood Program. Alfons them.

Latterday Saints today just as much J. Fink is chairman. The prayers of a Deacon are just

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

as acceptable to the Lord as the praypose for which it can be used, the with charity, and tyranny with libers of a Seventy or of a High Priest, only way in which it can be made eferty. (Excerpt from Millennial Star,

and his testimony may carry as much fective, is through righteousness. October 1, 1936)

weight as that of an older person. The This is shown in the following decservants of the Lord will never be laration, which is recognized as divine THREE STAKE CONVENTION

without His help when engaged in His by the Church, and which binds and PLAN CONTINUED service. governs it in the conduct and adminThe members of the Deacons'quoistration of its affairs: A Tristake Aaronic Priesthood conof City, plan should at theyrum be held vention how Heber may was rights inthe of are Priesthood The

theirservice, plans bishsubmit the 8th. to South Summit, Sunday, November separably the connected with powers

their for signify to willingness joinedop, and Stakes and Summit Wasatch... of of the heaven, heavand powersserve; its kind should they on and always be this of occasion, the second

.. controlled. only en cannot be upon

to service thehand promptly perform convengroups. held same The by the principles the righteousness. of

required of them.

... when we undertake... to extiontions includedand addressesdiscussions,by localdemonstraleaders.THE PRIESTHOOD A LEVELER ercise control or dominion or compulAND EXALTER sion... in any degree of unrighteousIn the first session under the genness.... the spirit of the Lord is eral topic "Combating the Evils of ToExcerpt from Radio Address by Elder grieved; and when it is withdrawn, day,"South Summit Stake conducted

Bryant S. Hinckley, President of the Amen to the Priesthood or the author- a demonstration on the topic of "CigNorthern States Mission. ity of that man. (Doctrine and Covearettes;"Wasatch Stake discussed

its and demonstration; in "Liquor"nants 121:3637). a chart compiled from a surveyTn

treated "Speeding"by the Sumwas great plan, object of this the The the Federal Government by made Stake.

it, of all of mit purpose endeavor behind increase the in of theshowing number adult members for the principal deall effort running through it, is to esIn the second session, members of nominations in the United States from tablish the brotherhood of man, to save Bishoprics and Quorum Supervisors 1906 to 1926, a period of twenty years, and exalt the race, to bless and gladdiscussed the same topics as related the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterden the world, to supplant compulsion to leadership. The Priests considered

day Saints was given first place. This with persuasion, coercion with kind- "Speeding;"Teachers, "Liquor,"and

same survey revealed the significant ness, arrogance with love, intolerance Deacons, "Cigarettes."

fact that more than fifty per cent of its adult membership are men, a most unusual thing in churches.

This is readily accounted for when one understands the organization and THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW operation of its Priesthood program.

of Pertinent Information Regarding the There are today in the Mormon A Monthly Presentation

Church more than 80,000 men who Lord's Law of Health are either deacons, teachers, or priests in the Aaronic or lower order of Priesthood, and 85,000 who are either elders, seventies or high priests of the WHAT FOOTBALL COACHES es feel that alcohol does a definite

Melchizedek or higher order of the SAY ABOUT ALCOHOL harm to growing youth and that a boy

Priesthood. who is unwilling to train and give his

athletic teams our not allow do is "We efforts for best the not team worthy these for division of are There each figure alcohol to because use we his university. represent it to responsibilitiesPriesthoods definitely

effect athlete both an has a bad this further "I step carefully carryprescribed. a coordinated would A physically A. and mentally."—W.on is to theprogram cais age adapted for the that and boy say and good what Athletics, Director Alexander, ofpacity of so that the each member, boy is is in also school worthy he when Tech. Georgia

12 of years the greyhaired age and gets after of consideration he him by patriarch are interested and educated. "Since it has been found advisable out into life."Adrian H. Lindsey,

understands As a Mormon Football Coach, University of Kansas.

is authority delegated tohood it, manPriestby trainingthat alcoholictable anddrinksdietbeofkeptathleticsoff thein his Heavenly Father to act for the Altraining, it stands to reason that such mighty. It constitutes man the agent beverages are harmful to any young The Coach Speaks

of his Maker, in rendering service to man who expects to go places in later his fellows and in conducting the aflife."Glenn S. Warner, Coach, "I do not believe, and none of the

fairs of the Church. Its highest priviTemple University. coaches that train men believe in the

leges are within the reach of the hum- "The use of alcoholic beverages is use of alcoholic beverages. Coaches

blest. The man who sweeps the floor barred from the training table, for the and trainers generally are dead against

of the factory may belong to the same reason that athletes must be in top the use of even beer in training."

Priesthood quorum or group as the man form to be able to withstand the rigors Amos Alonzo Stagg.

who owns and manages the factory. of competitive sport.

There seems in this a sense of eternal "We ask our boys to refrain from justice, for the true measure of a man's "As for nonathletes, the stimulus alcoholic beverages for the simple worth is something higher than wealth supplied by alcoholic beverages is acreason that all science and experience or worldly station. Priesthood in the companied by the inevitable letdown, has taught us that it is injurious to

true leveler, of ineptitude period obviChurch is a couldMormon not which health mentally and physically. bringing anyoneby but by liftdown reserious ously prove man, to any

ing all men up. gardless of his field of endeavor.""If that advice is good with respect

is athletes to to there conreason no strength Priesthood is the and F. Layden, powElmer Director of Athletfor that it clude as well is not sounder the of the of authorChurch, source ics, Notre Dame University.

the nonathlete."Ossie Solem, M.ity in the condition only Church. The

under which the power of the Priest- "Alcohol is taboo for the athletes of Director and Football Coach, Univerhood can be exercised, the only purthe University of Kansas. The coachsity of Iowa.

include not to exceed teachers should visit eight families. Teachers shouldWARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, JANUARY, 1937

every home unless they know that nonshall health as thine the morning, and OFFERINGSFASTING AND course, in reside home. any members Of

rightforth speedily: spring thy and the are in members Church where called have Leaders/\ur Church shall glory thee; the before eousness go it that minority, expected cannot beeverywhere members upon Church shall of thy reward. the be Lord visited. shall every However, be home offer- "fasting of the andto observe law call, the shalt thou Lord 'Then and it is suitable to desirable adopt very theings. of beginning the At New shalt cry, shall he and answer; thou in find residing to every means member resolve better can be made noYear... I am.'shall 58: say, Isaiah Here If district. are nonmembers each any of counsel following the that ofthan 9. to 6 listen willing the message, to to Gospel responding Authorities andthe Church Isaiah offerings, to according "The their addresses be should and names requests. theirto fast, of are the naturally part and a to bishop the them reported and by Conference, recent General a At fast the to help acceptable the to make or stake misto the turned over ward of the F. RichardsPresident George fixed in that to get ought Lord. We in find sionaries. teachers the Where the presented the ofCouncil Twelve minds. our visits families their that have moved offerings "Fastingfollowing: have and resofferings "Tithes, and fasting—a rein or out they of the should ward, I will closely always. associatedbeen it days. in toration these does What information the other port names and Isaiah to a fromread few words you rise this the In early of Church mean? promptly, bishopric to the tell to subject. this goes on Heon restoration, established, there as a was

fasting acnot people'sthat the was ofthis fasting giving principle of and OF FOLLOWUP WARD tells says:ceptable he and why. Then ferings for the poor. each day One TEACHING "I 'Is this fast that the not have set apart. members month was The to satisfactory obtain order ward Tn the of tochosen? loose bands wickedof abstain to the asked were Church A it is that necessary (a) teachingness, burdens, to the and heavy undo three eating the of meals from two

serthis to important those appointed free, let that theto oppressed go and ye to are having, accustomed which they qualified shall vice trained and and be everybreak yoke? they to the of give value and what

calling; spirit their "of the with imbued it 'Is deal to to thy bread not fast, for support the the save the would by

shall systematically they and (b) that bring the that thou poorhungry, and this of poor. the // observed had we

their visit families spiritedly the under cast tothat out thy house? are when brethren faithfully, fully and and

(c) direction that they month; and each seest thou cover the that naked,thou sisters, there been ample have would their shall of account render proper thyself thathim; hide not thou and in that alone, the Church, fund from appropriate encourreceive and work flesh? thinefrom own all to in are care take need who of of this service. in agement "light shall forth thy assistance."break 'Then One of the important means to secure

the proper results is to make the direport meeting, under the monthly the of being importanceSUGGESTIONS FOR BETTER kindliness; rection Bishopric, the of most Ward the seek and morally; TEACHINGWARD clean—physically interesting the of to all the members Spirit; tothe guidance of pray Holy

'T'he work of ward teaching is one gether as companions before visiting; Priesthood who are or may become

* of the most important duties in be prepared on special messages of ward teachers. A very considerable

of the time proportion of the meetingthe labor requires Church. bishopric; learn stake presidency and No other

for discussion of the should be allottedgreater charity, tact, wisdom, instructions enthusithe of conthe authorities;

asm, and inspiration to secure real fine the discussion to the topics under importance in methods and matter of success. It is important that all who consideration; don't speculate; don't ward teaching. Reports to be given

hold the office of a teacher or any give a dissertation on some pet subject; should be brief and should show the

higher office in the priesthood should don't discuss other people. number of families as well as the numvisited, clerk that ber can the so ward thehave training and the labor of an principles Ideals the are and main the adjourns, the meeting show, beforeacting teacher. visits present. things to short Make total visited during the month. number

It is important that the effectiveness and worth while. Make the visit conThe main part of the meeting should

of ward teaching as well as the extent venient to each family; study each fambe given over to the consideration of

of visits made shall be stressed. This, ily and each individual; develop friendsome phases of ward teaching, or the retherefore, requires careful thought and ship for everyone visited; endeavor to sults obtained by various ward teachers.

attention on the part of the bishopric. meet each member of the family; inIt is suggested that, if any other time

At each meeting some detail should be vite brief discussion on the matters has not proved satisfactory, this meetdiscussed that will be helpful to the presented; leave a blessing in every ing might be held jointly with the Priestteachers in securing the best results. home; obtain information of any hood during the Priesthood period in

Such detail should be correlated in such changes in the family; if any dissatisconnection with the Sunday School on

a way that every phase of ward teachfaction exists try to remedy it; if any the last or the first Sunday of each

ing shall be considered in its order. trouble or distress prevails, express month. However, every effort should

Not only members of the bishopric but proper sympathy, and report to bishbe made to develop improvement genalso various ward teachers and Aaronic opric in order that they may provide erally in ward teaching.

Priesthood supervisors should be apmeans of relief. If family is not at In conformity with revelations of

pointed for different meetings to discuss home, leave card advising of visit and the Lord and in order to promote peace some particular phase of the work. inviting them to meetings. Seek weland righteousness throughout the

Among other things to be considered fare of every family at all times. Make Church, the teachers should be imunder this heading are the qualifications visits brief and interesting so that the pressed, in connection with their prepawhich a ward teacher should develop, families will appreciate a return visit. ration, with the importance of ensuch as: love of fellowmen; love of the Keep careful record of visits made and couraging loyalty, unity, and Church

Gospel; knowledge of the Gospel; obereport information to bishopric. activity among all members. The

dience to principles; persistence; tact; Each district assigned to a pair of Presiding Bishopric.

General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.FOXA. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS LUCY GRANT CANNON

FRANKLIN L. WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

OSCAR A. KIRKIIAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY,

Secretary Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Direct to General Offices to Committees Send all Correspondence

THE ASSEMBLY PROGRAMS we do not mean necessarily the person lowship in the group is always social projected, activity. steps should Plans be dancing or teach persons who

are A, workers happy to M. I.All in or basis is either restake ward the a placed on but the one on whom* that the Programs Assembly know spirit. this gatherings, to promote directing sponsibility of and carrying

are meeting with success everywhere. forward the entire dance program of Young people have many good times

It is most gratifying to note the exthe ward. This person should be a together and, in some instances, too

pressions of pleasure on every hand. man, although he may have associated many entertainments. Adults, on the

The attitude generally is good and with him either men or women who other hand, often through sheer init is attitude on the part of leaders will teach dances and will assist in dolence or neglect, deny themselves that counts. supervising and conducting specific sufficient recreation and do not mingle

Community activity committees are dancing parties. Will Executives conwith each other frequently enough in

giving a fine piece of service in painsfer with their Bishops and make every a social way. Leaders should be on

takingly working out these programs effort, where such appointment has not the alert to seize every opportunity to and their efforts are highly commendalready been made, to have these dance meet this need. Home socials is our

ed and appreciated. Most wards are directors appointed at once? latest device for socializing the unfollowing the method suggested, that noticed and neglected whose number

is, devoting to these programs the in every community is not few.

thirty minutes between 7:40 and 8:10 If the time at Union Meetings is

and giving them in the main as outconsistently devoted to the developlined. This conformity with the plan ment of these three phases of adult

does not, however, prevent the introAxel A. Madsen and Emily C. Adams, Chairmen; leadership, the sessions cannot fail to

duction of new ideas and new fea- R.LauraL. P.Evans,Nicholson,L. A. Stevenson,Aurelia Bennion.Grace C. Neslen, be profitable.tures. We encourage original proplannedgrams stakes or wards by for UNION MEETINGthe five for evenings or six which

none is outlined in our Guide, and '"Phere are three purposes to be ask that those which are found to be esserved in these monthly sessions Dr. L. L. Daines and Charlotte Stewart, Chairmen;

pecially in to the sent successful be Hazel Brockbank, Smith, Merrill, may H. R. Lucy W. all gather leaders adult the where ward F. Hardy. Polly R. Clawson, Vida in offices preparation to aidGeneral adult officers. stake stake under The

of next year's work. teachact as necessarily leaders not do SENIOR NOTES

it is hard to believe, ChristTHE OPERA "MARTHA"ers.same Theiras thatfunctionof the wardis essentiallyleaders. Thatthe 'T'hough

holidays Claus and Santa and mas is, expression to the out group draw in the special feature'"Phis year Murate at us are a speeding toward down discussion. in free friendly a Of and "* sic opera of presentation the is the bedizzy, that Senior a would make is course, present one a learner each

inof abFlotow, an "Martha,"by delightful peothose are Seniors cause contribute. also but should one each used to form.breviated music be families The main, in the ple have who, of direction learning the under Group

is S. Concertized Version Zaby a also, that hope, to J. think about. We in is the favored a leader method Stage with amecnik Version by this time, con- W. become, they have adult adult education today. Ward is within opera Robinson. ThisO. each scious of other bySeniors—of attend therefore eagerly leaders should

abilitythe and of of our most wards other. for the purpose every Meeting Union groups are our that assured if musicwe this to month, are do we What observations, experiences, of pooling

will in presenting delight great have in schedule, the manual are on we all in that suggestions order and may it, is as of standard the high music "Priest11, 9, 10 Chapters work? and benefited. be

furlibretto pleasing theand most and "Cultivatto the Service;"Call hood,

objectives or three which M's, The story. interestingnishes intensely an a "Founding Faith and in God;"

in meeting at each should be kept mind libretto, including the and The music challenging three are Home."Those

ing, are: thepostage, can be purchased from statements.

Beesley Music Company, Salt Lake 1. Materials or subject matter. The It might be interesting if the group

City, Utah, for 75c. Extra copies of lessons for the ensuing month should would check up on members of the

supplementary and mapreviewed 65c; extra copies of libretto bemusic, class in their Priesthood and see how

into terials view. thrown15c. are Priesthood the those holding well

2. Methods or manner of presentaserving. What are they doing to indetermine should group how The that dicate road "the high they are onA DANCE lessons, respective present to the DIRECTOR IN tion.best that living,"to they to better proveEVERY WARD recognizing that one no works method Seventies or or High are Elders indeed

All Executives are asked to read best in every case. Leaders should dePriests ministering to the flock?

"carefully the paragraph "To Ward velop ability to vary their approach It is a wellknown fact that the

Executive Officers,"beginning on and thereby skillfully stimulate the inevidence one person has regarding the page four of the Dance Manual, which terest of the department members. existence of God cannot serve as evihas reference to the appointment of Leaders may help each other greatly dence to another, yet, the exchange of

dance directors. This feature in our in this fascinating endeavor. evidences often helps. Would it be

dance program is to be given particular 3. Morale building. A potent facinteresting in your ward to draw on

emphasis this year. By dance director tor in fostering a fine feeling of felthe board in your room, if you have a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936 blackboard, some solid foundation responsibilities. We hope the class ed each ward in your stake and asblocks and then label them, the class has made a good selection; that you sisted in their organization and probmembers furnishing the title of each? will honor your position. lems?

of it, think to you comeWhen * Stakc M Men Pr is faith based:what, actually, upon STAKE M MEN PRESIDENTS gra2m?HaVe YU your

tradition, intuition, evidence in the 1. Have you, as a presidency, visit- {Continued on page 786)

form of tangible experiences, reading, reasoning? 15 is scheduled as a December day CHURCHWIDE PHOTOS first part of theupon manwhich the ual is to be reviewed. It would be

well if upon that occasion assignments for a preview of part two could be made. "Creating and Maintaining a

Home,"is the general subject for the second part of the course, surely a most inviting subject.

On December 22 the subject, "Founding a Home,"could be treated dramatically, or it could be a confession night for those who have already founded a home. How would they

change it if they were to do it over?

It could be a night devoted to the question of what should go into the new home. Perhaps some good suggestions on marriage could be given

with emphasis placed upon the dignity and solemnity of the temple marriage.

No meeting is scheduled for December 29. Might that evening not be

used for group parties, or for one grand yearclosing party for the entire group? Why not make December

29 Senior night in a very real, social sense? "It's great to get together,"and we are eager to have Seniors do just that.

A merry Christmas, friends, and a joyous, serviceable, beautiful New

Year.

Burton K. Farnsworth, Chairman; Floyd G. Eyre,

F. S. Harris, Homer C. Warner, Werner Kiepe.

M MEN WARD PRESIDENTS 1. Is your group fully organized?

2. Are your meetings conducted

with dispatch and in harmony with accepted rules of order?

3. Do you permit useless waste of

time discussing minor points? Is there

always ample time for the course of study? 4. Is your attendance committee at

work? 5. Will you or have you followed

the M Men plan of the class membership passing on the eligibility of those will representwho comMen you in M 1. feast) given Luau in (Hawaiian of honor Superpetition? is important. This

intendent Sister A. and and E. Bowen President

6. in cooperate fully the you Do Ruth at the of Fox May home Mae Kapu Keaka,

Second Counselor to President Mary Tyan.joint session A Tuesday with Gleanthe

similar feast prepared was Laie. aters? in done you What have your 2. Daughters'Mothers'and gathering of Oahu,

group to develop good sportsmanship Hawaii, held at the Mission Home.

in the joint session work? 3. WinningWard, WellsElders'Stake,SoftballSalt LakeChampionsCity, Utah.of BelvedereFront

7. Have you made it plain to all row: bat boys: Demke, Demke; second row: H.

prospective basketball men the requireMilius;Demke, backE. row:Demke,Haslam,Kreipl,Price,Burgess,Pullman, Webster,Garrett,

ments to represent your group? The Pedersen, Larsen, Pattillo.

Girls 4. Junior of Naples Uintah Stake, Ward, Utah,dignity of a basketball player in M their who have completed Relief Church Project.

Men must be raised. You can do it by Left to right: Ruth Bascom, Laura Manwaring,

this method. ElmaHazel Merrell,Collier, LornaEuniceNickell,B. Johnson,and Bemiceinstructor,Lybbert.

These are a few of your duties and (Story in November Junior Notes.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

know each one by name, and make a son is under consideration, creating aM Men point of speaking to the shy, diffident feeling of confidence and trust. Make

(Continued from page 795) one, and give an added graciousness yourselves indispensable, and also at to clad, are the if there poorly any. the try to Gleantime same make your 3. to cooperhave you done What subjects lessons selfreliant. help or to ers Offer with of organizationate the Gleaner with

accessible assigned. yourselves social try to have events Keep your Forthe stake?

affair, always. thus Contact for committees them them each by new 4. Are you

call, in during phone, discovering or personal note different talents theating with the inMharmonyMen supervisorsand cooperof to the crethe at time week. your group, and samethe stake?

position should will pleasant rivalry more ating that be you Your a make 5. superwith your meet you Do readapproachable, sympathies your hours. productive happy of manyvisors presidents regularly and ward

ier, smile sweeter, handyour your committees of course work These mustin leadership meetings?

heartier. bearnot careful shake one supervision. have your under Do 6. to uphold done have you What ing at meeting, anOfficers them toward and should conspicuous by be activraise of standardsand Men M their other elsewhere; at presence as meet them you Gleanof the when manyities in stake? your

strive to the same. er social posbe as always functions and Men M 7. in suggestion sent you any

sible. recrealoyalty to Urge ward spirit then for the of welcome, Prayto the of committee GenMen HaveM tion, people thus keeping your young all exercise graciousness posthe youeral features of on Board new Men theM at home. it; sess, soul cultivate your put wholework?

meeting your as homeroom Make it will greeting, a then be your are of These a few the many duties into like with possible, as beautiful and for delight gracious, to be and to you for. office callsthat your

others to respond with equal dignity flowers, pictures, etc.

STAKE M MEN SUPERVISORS and graciousness. Make your greeting Your gracious personality, your coattitude, operative the perfect prepthing to be looked forbeautiful—a

aration subject the matter of your and to. 1. Have you a live Stake M Men ward

Is presidency? orpresident each ward lovely create atmosphere which you girl point the winning a of Make stakeof organized? your will successful Gleaner mean work I. for feels that place has no A. who M.

all 2. leaders and the Are Men and happiness. properlyM girl. strong forth noisy Put a her—the called they properlycoaches and do effort find here, that spesomething

is girls very committee Gleaner relationship their jobs, also the HPheknow cially interests talk go to about, her to to print story the the following happy program?

3. organization of the Gleaner of the South Have you suggested a stake prooutget ofa holdyour onwayherto besomehow,pleasantthroughto her;

to Mission. American stake organization? yourgram We congratulate

4. Is basketball them upon their fine endeavor your and fee! schedule workthelessonloanwithof privatea book,offerassignmentto help inof itsa

their for fervent prayers our out? added Are your men examined let exto by preparation; that her you know development. growth doctor? anda things her. give pect great of Never

5. shall for again hope hear from standard a stake you Have we Wecontinued up. for the to every seek key Pray and

all heartily players? them. basketball such welcome Men WeM in soul charge. your

reports mission, 6. stake, coaching from a and referee and ward Has art apprethe speaking Cultivate of

in groups. sucTell stake? us of Gleanerschool held been your your ciatively of Let done. good work cesses. better a never have had ManWe feel that individually are members you

ual. successes best successes. of face the our year our Your We in their interested advancement, and

spirithistory. After studying the you The areproblems—if will to arouse a loyalty you your cause

is in cannot solve try unusual work. usChurch have a Men throughoutM them—letyour that easily broken. cannot be

at rein them. the distant us putting preceding over SometimesJoin view has association gathering or Every

solution.details. its peculiar atmosphere—the reflex of veals the trouble and the

spirit the of its members. You have LAS SENORITAS ESPIGADORAS threshin meetings where, at the been (South American Gleaner Girls)

old, you have been refreshed by the peaceful, gracious, homelike atmosTn the South American Missions the

Helen S. Williams, Chairman: Erma Roland, Ann phere; you were at your ease at once. Gleaner Girls are quite a cosmopol-

M. Cannon, Rose W. Bennett, Katie C. Jensen. This is the atmosphere we wish to culitan group since there are young laItalian, German

theTO GLEANER LEADERS tivateNothing,in ourto myGleanermind, class.more quickly diesand Americanof direct Spanish,descent within mem-

/fficers, you should think not so brings the spirit of equality, which is bership.

much of the dignity of your pothe spirit of sisterly love, which is the G. Wallace Fox, for two years the

sition, as of the opportunity it affords essence of sociability, as the heart to Gleaner leader of one group wrote:

you of helping the youth of Zion to heart experience of testimony meetWhen I left the Argentinian miswant to know the true and living God, ings, therefore, make time for testision field the presidency of the Gleaner and Jesus Christ whom He hath sent. mony bearing. Encourage the girls in Girls in the Liniers Branch of Buenos

Meet your members half way, come tithe paying. Many of them will have Aires consisted of a young American

to them, be genuine, establish a comtestimonies to bear of blessings regirl as its president, a Spanish girl as radeship that shall call for the best of ceived through tithe paying. first counselor, and an Italian girl as

you, the best of them. There is so Again in planning for the bettersecond counselor of the class. Due to

much in the manner of greeting, the ment of your associations, leaders their capable direction and plans the tone of the voice, the sparkle of the might occasionally call into council the class has increased its membership.

eye, the extending of the hand. brightest and most capable members, The Gleaner Girl study program did

Officers should be at the door of thus securing many new thoughts, and not entirely cease during the past sumthe class room to greet the first comer, also gradually training officers for the mer months. The young ladies took

and should welcome every one perfuture. "turns about"having the group visit

sonally; not a stiff formal, "How do Leaders should make special prepin their respective homes. Their studyou do?"but speak as the spirit moves aration of lessons assigned, thus being ies consisted of special topics assigned

you. Some need only a smile, some able to bring added light upon the to different girls on each occasion. A

a word of encouragement or comsubject, explain the hardest parts and meeting was held every two weeks mendation; others, perhaps, an affecspeak the final word in discussions or throughout the summer. The study

tionate word of reproof. Learn to questions that may arise while the lestopics included cooking, music, liter786

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

ature, styles of dressmaking, religion Tuesday nights, and where they can and sports, while occasionally politics discuss their joint social events.

held the interest of the group. M Men and Gleaner officers should

LatinAmerican custom has not perconsider themselves the membership John D. Giles, Chairman; Elmer Christensen.

mitted frequent visits to individual committee, or else appoint others to as night act such. Tuesday Each persons. ofhouseholds group any by VANBALL SCHOOLS CREATE better find attendance should Girls the are being GleanerHowever, INTEREST and NEW interest. greater and hostess, of A host the ourwelcomed into homes members and friends. On several occasions or a reception committee, should be An innovation in Explorer program

when the Gleaners have been studying appointed for each of these first Tues- *** promotion this year has been the at an appointed place, other visitors day nights, whose duty it is to welconducting of a series of Vanball present within the home have been income the other members, and especiSchools. These have been held at

terested in their organization. ally those who are coming for the Ephraim, Provo, Cedar City, Salt Lake,

first time. Ogden, and in Utah, and Richmond knowlgained gleaned have and We at Burley, Pocatello, Montpelier, and of endeavors. ouredge because We in of Idaho. Rexburg Demonstrations SOCIAL EVENTS utilize tried to the full meaninghave

serving, passing, setup, attack andof our motto: "The Glory of God Is HThe and followed team a disworkIntelligence."

of the objectives purposes A socialinterestevents andwill successbe increasedof jointby plays,cussion and the number of people brought into acof the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.

tion in the making and carrying out of in creating and promoting this new the plans. Divide responsibility so that game, especially for older boys.

no one has a burdensome share and The final championship tournament many people are vitally interested in will be held at Salt Lake City, Friday the the event. of success comThe Saturday, and 1937. 29 January and 30,

is the ofttimes forgotten that is A gain may we call your attention to mittee Special features to will be added ** the procedure on the first Tuesone responsible for special guests. tournament to increase further interesttheday night of each month—the M Men These guests, in many instances, are not in the Explorer program.

and Gleaner joint session. At the beacquainted with the group or the place

ginning of our winter season a ward in which the party is being held and SOCIAL ACTIVITIES

Gleaner leader called the Young appreciate what attention is given them. FOR EXPLORERS

Women's office asking that a member Set up some social objectives for the of the General Board come to her season and organize to accomplish Included in the special features ofward to talk to the M Men and Gleanthem. Explorer Institutes held in connecers on the subject, "Preparing Ourtion with the Vanball Schools recently

selves For Good Citizenship."The January—"Our Social Obligations conducted discussions of social activGleaner leader was told that she and in the Home"ities for Explorer. As outlined in the

out of order leaderthe were M Men of this charge taking in The following excerpts are from the L.currentD. S. editionChurch"ofsocial"Scoutingactivitiesin aretheplanning and

meeting, and being a capable, consciSenior Manual for this year: being stressed in the Explorer program

entious leader, who is eager to do "Love and affection and the feeling throughout the Church. It is particueverything which would be for the best that someone cares or whether one larly desired that Explorer Leaders ingood of her group, she took the sugsucceeds or fails are of vital importance terest themselves in seeing that Exgestion in the spirit given. In visiting to the child. We find that children plorers are given proper instructions

that ward on that certain night we who are raised in institutions are and information regarding social etiwere thrilled, first by the splendid way usually 'uninspired individuals poorly quette, dancing, proper ballroom pracin which the M Men president conadjusted to the outside world.'Such tices, proper associations and relationducted the department and secondly, children lack the security which comes ships with girls and general social guidby the excellent talks given by an M from being loved and the stimulus that ance.

Man and Gleaner. comes from having someone who cares It is believed that in addition to the

... fails. regular Senior or Scouting succeeds features one whether of the officers Gleaner and The Men M these program important of essentials is "It the said that been has a home the in conducting turns takeshould midadolescent training be should best of insurance type with which we first nights.class the Reon Tuesday stressed. I like child; can provide should a now introjust it than more meansmember

ducing the people who have assignto say that comradeship within the insurthe of family best type home is EVERY EXPLORER LEADER evening's thements on program—it

is to mother too busy The who SHOULD GUIDE discussion ance. directing the also HAVE NEWmeans

little will child's bother with nonsense of the presenting the followswhich edition of the in 'T'he "Scouting new his real problems. bothered never be by talks. thestatement make and two To is S. L. D. with Church"which

it require will lesson wellrounded a the combined of the Explorer "Log the thought,considerable study and is important most our "The home Trail"should in the of be every hands lesson. the for objectives of up attiinstitution. social ideals and Our I. Explorer in the Leader A. The M. entirely occadiscourage not do largely are the tudes dependentsettingWe upon earlier is edition out date. of The now a talk inviting to onsionally someone environment. impresmost home Our edition contains the Scout entire new

special phase of the evening's subject, sionable years are spent in the homes and Explorer Program as conducted in but this visiting person should not be of our parents.... The home must our Church. "Scoutmasters'Minutes."

given all the time. provide shelter, rest, food, and other stories, Vanball rules, Explorer DepartIf you are not following the suggestphysical necessities. It is equally imment suggestions and many new feaed plan for the joint session, we urge portant that it furnish adequate opportures, including a special chapter on

that you adopt it right away. We also tunities for moral, spiritual, recreaSocial Relations. The price is 40c and

suggest that there be a department at tional, and aesthetic development."orders should be sent to the General

your Leadership Meetings (Union For additional thoughts on this subSuperintendency, Y. M. M. I. A., 50Meetings ) for M Men and Gleaner ofject we refer you to the chapter in North Main Street, Salt Lake City,

ficers, where they can get help in the Gleaning, "Building Palship in the Utah.

planning and conducting of these first Family."(Continued on page 788)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

(Continued from page 787) sooner or later. It may be time or mentals of Good Character, Word of

effort, money or merchandise. SomeWisdom, Cycle of Life, Daily Good

times the price is character. Before Turn, First Principles of the Gospel

deciding to gratify our desires, let us are being taught.

it ourselves, ask price?""Is the worth

is Likewise, there for a every SUGGESTIVE DRAMATIZATION reward Marba C. Josephson, Chairman; Martha G. Smith,

Emily Girls the of garden mind. H. Higgs, Catherine Folsom, Sarah R. service. says that the Lord Remember A flower Cannon.

pulling the unof are busy weeds He is bound, when what do we He *

HOBBY SAMPLER says, and that He is willing and anxious desirable qualities and thoughts, and to pay in full for our good deeds. If planting such flowers as trustworthiIII. Candy Making a girl has nothing on which to pay ness, loyalty, helpfulness, friendliness,

tithing, help chastity, appreciate privher to courtesy, kindness, obedience, the attention the to your we call A GAIN ilege principle, of the thriftiness, obeying to cheerfulness, cleanand bravery, * necessity for early preparation and liness, desire strong her reverence, If such courage. enough so that and in direcmake accuracy measurements and

she will girls live it to flowers opare already blooming, the want when the tions, results. to obtain the desired so as

Learn how many girls will be present, portunity is hers later, must busily cultivate and nurture them.

provide a place and to take big enough SUGGESTIONS SOME ON THE is care of them. group If your too JUNIOR FESTIVAL GUARDIAN'S RESOLVE

large, you may need to divide it for this "XyRTHAT are you doing about your the golden treasures in once. (Caramels—should read % lb. v "festival? The original idea for To guard well

of butter. ) Try out the recipes before this event was to have music and games my hive of life.

you undertake to instruct your girls. and a happy time, rather than an exHold fast the bits of knowledge,

gathered life up toIV and V. Designing Your pensiveworry; tobanquethave a withlovelymuchaffairworkarrangedand whichwisdom,haveandenrichedexperienceyour

time. the present ClothesOwn girls the themselves, by with some

it experireplenish flowers To from of direction assistance leaders. the and by reference: to Design Your "How A the along ence way. Girls'has chorus Junior Chorus: A Clothes,"Corbett by HannahOwn all gathering storing Continue and possibilities. great the In one ward Shelton, published Leisure League by the worthwhile experiences and girls are four years organized ago whoof America, 25c. York, Order New as continue your knowledge on you still singing together, the are and nowearly from the publisher the or from way. choir. nucleus of the ward isDeseret Book There Company. it wisely use present and for To my Missionaries: have success Whatpractically to no expense attached degood. future girls in the helping need you had whosigning. girls their the Let have dreams is. It learning. of use your Make I. extra to attend encouragement A. M. ifof they could they what would make until useless applied.

girls? take part other the and with like,afford to they and help what them it that share generously others mayTo to your us about Request: Write wisely forchoose the well purpose and its partake sweetness of problems successes. and your We isthe serve. to garment be can Much idea then Share someone, with an girls. to help you, the want other and dress; ofdone remodeling by a way idea. both have an you girls, and our want Aim: Our Weor varying of a a costume means bycollar and cuffs, a flower, or buttons. our leaders, to be happy. We say to "As one lamp lights another nor grows the

that less in happiness is not found "using of you part you have"what aMake enkindleth nobleness."So nobleness doing in liking what you like, but what project for thisyour sampler. hobby

is yours to do. to thePlan during sewing do some FOR CHRISTMAS

summer. Stress posture. This needs

much attention. Consider it from the Dlease reread the BeeHive Departstandpoint of appearance and also of ment Notes in the November and

health. Constant attention is needed December Eras for the Years 1933,

will 1934, 1935. suggestions be Ethel S. The Anderson, Chairman; Marie Thomas, C.to acquire and maintain a good posture,

Julia S. Baxter, Margaret Wells, Bertha N. girls K. just as valuable pleasing to the andbut the effort. it is worth Ileen Tingey, S. Waspe, Agnes Knowlton,

Already, many women who have now as they were then.

been rather unnoticed, have been made "\17e hope that the Spirit of Christmas There are suggestions on games, daily turn, caroling, Christmas good their being tohappy allowed teach by Spirit the of become every may gifts their baskets, and making, cheer Girls; to the thehobbies of Junior some is day. truer joy There to than no

cards, post tell Christmas apple Santas,girls useful are knitting something now one's friends is interdeeply he how parties, games, Christmas Christmas beautiful, standing instead ofand in their ested greatly welfare and how table seals. favors, decorations, books, or chewing otherwisearound gum, wishes he so them happiness—and are additional sugges- a few Here their neighbors. areannoying What

you doing to use those among you who When we folks think of you folks, tions: popcorn balls, gingerbread men,

have this type of talent, and at the As Christmas comes along apple Santas, cookies, Santas, Christsame time make your task a little We make a lot of wishes mas trees, stars, toys, dolls. They can

strong, and them good make And festive, be to look seals made very and is classlighter? responsible leader The

life full of seems sunshine And earned. be may allfor activities of department, the but Happiness Song, And and like would scene you a on snow How all get helpshe she the use can may folks think folks we of you When the table? roll make a snowman, To others, her should encouragefrom and along. comes As Christmas

girls to help each other. a cardboard and cover with cotton,

THE M. I. A. THEME tying in the center for head and body.

PROJECTS "D eeHive Girls who live by the Spirit Blackand hat.paperArmscan beareusedalsoforcardboardfeatures

"L-Tow are you coming with the proAJ of the Hive, also live the M. I. A. covered with cotton. Pile cotton snow-

A ject? In this day and age, when Theme. Make this theme vital in the balls about his feet.

so often it appears to be the smart thing life of BeeHive Girls. There are many A group of candles surrounded with

to do to "get something for nothing,"ways in which it can be brought to their snow balls may be used. Place cards

how important it is for all of us to know7 attention. Especially is it adaptable may be made of cotton snowballs

that it cannot be done. Everything has during the month of November and containing small favors or directions

its price, and the price must be paid, December while the Guides on Fundafor creating merriment.

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

Red and white effects may be had bya Santa made of apples (December Keeper of The Door -Era, 1934) or a Marshmallow tree. (Continued from page 758)

contains a marshmallowEach tiny with a fearful weakness. I would was gone. Truth flashed its sudanimals, snowcandle; marshmallow

men, or tiny Santas may be used for pray alone before the Altar of the den way and Omar saw two great iavors. A Christmas tree can also be Christ Child on that morning that enemies before Christ's creche on

made with wrapped candies or nuts, my brother Camerri believes the the morning of His birth. Yet they

dates, apples, cookies. Tiny packages Christ was born."called each other "Brother"when

containing written jokes, or favors, may "Indeed I know something of your they passed. And each called himbe placed at the base of the tree with calendar,"ventured Omar, "for I self a Christian. The idea was custreamers running to the place of each have heard my father speak of it. rious. The picture it made was

guest. Your Christmas is in the month of promising. If he, Omar, could but

An attractive tree may be made. January, is it not? But I shall be be there quite unobserved, then he

The base is a red apple with one end glad to keep the grotto for you upon would know if Christ were in their cut off. Cover this meat part with the morning that you wish, if you hearts. Then would he know if Aldirt. like to Placechocolate look gum will give the Christ hour."lah or were greater. to me Insert wires. toothpicks ordrops on

this into the chapel slowly could for me?""You do went He part, tallest of center cut in thethe one

then arrange the rest about it, shaping "The guards respect me for my to the sacred vault and unlocking them like a tree; red, green, and white father's post. And if I tell them it he drew forth the book of the

gum drops are effective. 'tis my father's wish, they will alcalendar. Glancing down the neat

Mints, nuts, raisins, and cloves, cotlow me to unlock the door."pages of the book kept by his faton, glue, toothpicks, will be of assistThe eyes of the priest brightened ther he saw that never had there

ance in making snow men, Santas, anand he dropped some coppers in been conflicting services, never had imals, toys, trees. Omar's palm. "The hour of dawn,"two priests arrived at once. That

Have each girl make up a rhyme, he whispered, and, as if some guilt was the power of Allah over his fausing the words Merry Christmas, the were following him, he stepped ther. He had been a faithful serfirst letter of each line to begin with through the door into the Armenivant. And now the first time Omar

the letters of Merry Christmas conan monastery. At dawn, thought had been given the trust, he had

secutively. Give a prize for the best Omar, there would be no guards at told two rival priests they might

one. such an early hour. Before the mupray at the same altar at the same

Santa has tipped over his sleigh and ezzin called the Mohammedans to hour. Yet no panic was in him. The

lost all his gifts. Won't you help him prayer he would unlock the door same strange peace that he knew

find them? There is a wild scramble and let the Christian in. before the cradle of the Christ was

and each guest returns with one parcel. with him now. Somehow or other

Fool the guests by padding and enlarg- L/mar played with the it seemed to him that the belief of ing bundles. pennies, and mused on the Armenthese priests was to be tested.

Santa's post office will prove fun. ian priest, remembering the story Dreamily he turned to meet the dourEach girl is to receive a package from about the last dissension. Often had faced Coptic priest from whom he

it. A name is placed on each gift. Omar's father told the story. Some had always fled. Anger was writThe same letters which make up this nails had been found missing from ten on the puffy face.

of piece are then a on scrambledname silver in the floor star the the of he Habish?"is the Al "Where girl her the claim before canpaper and

grotto. priest Christian deEach stormed. letters the rearrangepackage, she must

sired I "of ill the replacing them: honor and A "He is indeed spell using name. theuntil they By

Christmas names or words the fun will Greek, Coptic, Latin, and Armenian. guard came swiftly through the

be motivated. For instance, on one Their jealousies had been so great doorway, and pointed a legal finpackage the word Santa Claus might the Turkish authorities had been ger at him.

appear. The slip of paper might reforced to call Al Habish, his fa- "Why are you here, Omar? You

semble this: nauastcnal. ther, to come and replace the nails. must remain at your place by the

Since then he had been in full door."

SUGGESTIONS FOR GUIDES charge of the Church of the Nativ- "Let me see the book,"interruptWord of Wisdom ity, the neutral power, making all ed the priest, and Omar, looking decisions, allaying all jealousies, yet from one to another, knew not what or to be well make a chartTt might ever fearful. had Armenian of dignity The the again to do. ThenA these using outline the board on then. been a power But he was he anand his post came upon him

headings. old. might weakness The swered,

1 Positive teachings his last. of the Word of begetting "I must be about my father's busWisdom. reverie the boy's Again was iness."2. teachings. Negative

3. Rewards. broken as the priest, Camerri, He opened the great book to the

4. Some interesting statistics. plucked Omar by the sleeve. week of Christmastide, and the fat

"I have just come from your fahand of the priest ran down the

Fundamentals of Good Character ther, boy."page followed by a grunt of satisHelps "And he is worse?"faction.

by OsTaught, Book Jesus What resting, he Omar. But was "He here,"comhe name "Put myborne Widtsoe. J. P. say must needs that you bade prayer me have "I would manded. 4. Article of Faith No.

Use pictures and stories to illustrate. put my name upon the calendar for alone in the grotto at dawn."

the grotto at the dawn hour of Omar's astonishment held him

Christmas."seemed Guide the priestColor tonguetied. And "But, sir—sight. he Weakly Use activity to fade from his to create interest. Have

the girls make the color wheel. "I leave you to obey,"and he {Concluded on page 790)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

Keeper of The Door (Concluded from page 789) scrawled in the Coptic priest's name ment each point of the star held a and locked the book in the vault. Christian. Omar spoke—"I have been here

An hour before dawn with my father since I could first on the day he knew to be the day walk, and I believe that through of Christmas for the greater numyour Christ are all wounds healed, ber of Christians, he unlocked the wounds of the body and of the door of the Church of the Nativity. v* soul."All heads were bowed and

The little town of Bethlehem was silence reigned. The hand of each

scarcely stirring. It was cold and prayer. When the last had entered priest sought his brother's and the

Omar stepped inside the door and Omar locked the door and waited circle was completed with the boy.

closed it all but a crack so that he for the Mohammedan call to prayer. When they arose a new peace

could see anyone approaching. He For a moment he thought of himself was upon them, and a good will

thought how crisp a morning it as fleeing from the consequences of shone in their eyes. It was Omar

must have been for Mary and the his own acts. But again the spark who first heard footsteps on the

baby Christ. He passed through the of faith rekindled, and he stayed. stairway and his alarm turned them

chapels belonging to each contendThe call of muezzin brought all all toward the intruder.

ing sect and descended into the Arabs and Mohammedans to their It was Al Habish.

grotto. The candles must be lit and knees, their faces to the east. Omar He stood like a statue, fear

the lamps ready. When he retraced was among them, but his heart was changing to awe upon his face,

his steps there was the blessed asback at the Church of the Nativity "I came,"he said, in a broken surance in his heart that somehow with the Christian priests. He arose, tone, "lest there be some such misit was all in the hands of Christ. trembling, and fled breathlessly take as this. Omar, my son, is only

He listened, almost as if he exback to the door. Unlocking it and twelve, he knows so little...."

pected to hear the hallelujahs. He hurrying to the staircase he heard But the hand of Camerri stopped

had heard the story so many times voices in altercation: weak protests him

from the guards, and from his fafrom the Armenian, strident tones "Your son knows much,"he anther. He wondered which of the from the Greek, pompous syllables swered softly. "He has been a

priests would come first and what from the Coptic, and the striving faithful Keeper of the Door."

would happen at the hour of prayer tones of the Latin. It had been as Al Habish smiled, as one who

when the three of them came from he had feared, not as he had hoped. walks in a dream, and lifting his

separate chapels to the grotto. It was a petty human concourse inhands in blessing, "Peace be with

Three rival Christians face to face! stead of an occasion for Peace. He you,"he said.

He remembered the fat hand of the threw back his shoulders and armed

Coptic priest, the harried face of himself for their reproofs. It was

the Greek and the weakness of the his fault. He had depended upon

Armenian. Yet no responsibility their belief in Christ and it had Melchizedek Priesthood

settled on him for this unprecedentfailed. (Concluded from page 780)

ed meeting. He heard quick footAt the foot of the stairs he stood,

steps and opened the door. Not one his fez pulled off in reverence. fort to the interest of his work and train

of the three he expected, but anAround the great star in the floor himself to feel the need of giving unservice to his fellow men. He face, Latin the fourother stood face of the the of them in wrath and stinted

for that seek must knowledge he may priest. disorder. trembled. he looked beyond Had Omar But Omar it faith in others. simple impart to He

been informed of the coming of the them to the altar. The four priests must be patient with all men, underother priests, and jealous, as alwere still. Then they too turned. standing their weaknesses and the sad

ways, come to see that no privilege Four of the candles on the altar conditions of superstition and tradition given to others had been slighted were not burning. It was the first under which they have been raised. He

him? But there was no rebuke in time since the star had been robbed must show brotherly kindness and let

his eyes; as he put his hand on of its nails that the candles had the people know that he has a lively

Omar's shoulder and said: failed. Swiftly and silently Omar interest in their eternal welfare. He

then prayerful must and and humble be lifting father priests the a glad passed your rememand "I am will diligent learn to without be he four. to candle lit of the unlock thebered each send you to Then fail. will qualification he which

door. I have come every Christmas he turned to them. In conclusion we shall paraphrase

at dawn for twelve years now.""My father is ill, will you offer the word of the Lord:

Omar looked up at him with re- a prayer to your Christian God for Let him know that faithfulness is stronger lief, as he watched him pass through him?"than the cords of death.

the main chapel to the church beIt was at the age of twelve, towardsLet hisallbowelsmen, andalso tobethefullhouseholdof charityof yond. thought Camerri, the Greek, that faith, and let virtue garnish his thoughts

Above the jewelled altar at the Jesus confounded the priests in the unceasingly; then shall his confidence wax

the strong in the of presence and God; picture the simplicity chapel of the temple.end was of Omar's The

distill shall the doctrine of Priesthood upon Christ,of to the and the Coptic father hang made He words Omar his soul as the heaven. from dews

seemed to be smiling. his head. The Latin priest's brow The Holy Ghost shall be his constant

One by one three dim figures glowed in response to a child's faith, companion, and his scepter an unchanging his scepter righteousness of and and truth; into quietly knelt at the the church andcame and one point Armenian

shall dominion dominion. be an everlasting his to star. sanctuary of theeach sought closer own and drew Omar it shall flow compulsory and without means

prepare himself for his hour of knelt beside him. And in a mounto him forever and ever.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

I HEARD THE BELLS OF CHRISTMAS RING"{Continued from page 755) everything. They had told her that undertone to Mart. "I'll tend them "Thought maybe..., Too bad;

gladness and beauty and sweet tidothers."makes a heap o'difference.. Father

ings yet had a place in the world, in Mart noticed the big man, grinlivin'?"

her life. ning, take a paper napkin from the "I don't know. He—he left after

"I think I know now,"she said container and begin wiping his mother died."Mart wondered why

half aloud, "how the Shepherds felt hands on it; his expression was of he bothered to tell; the words seemed

when the angels sang over Bethlekeen anticipation. He looked as if to come of their own accord.

hem!"he wanted to talk. "You don't say. That's sure too

The last stitch was taken. Tony "Yessir,"he announced loudly, bad... Got—anybody?"

fastened the threads carefully, "I'm goin'home fer Christmas, by "My wife."

laid folded I'd give things it aside. gum. the cape You? up and "A—wife? hopin'—but

like a highschool the in her last minute, allook chair leaned back kid.Why—youBut say She and come way my

closed her eyes, with a deep breath most—an'here I am. Get home in—with a wife, Christmas'll mean

of exquisite peace. time to help the wife do the Santy somethin'to you now, young feller.... Well—"the last gulp of milk Claus stuff, too—thought sure I

JD lue's Place,"that one couldn't make it, an'it'd be the first went to wash down the last of the of "Big Bronson"Blue's tiny lunchtime I ever missed. Gosh, I'm pie; the big man got to his feet and

rooms that huddled close to the Centickled. Christmas—say, it's a great vigorously wiped his mouth with a tral Depot, was having a slow eveinstitooshun, ain't it?"large handkerchief—"I'm on my

ning. "Manager"Pete and his "Is it?"Mart said. He watched way. Merry Christmas, youngster assistant lounged against the wall the big man take an enormous bite—an'here—keep the change fer a

back of the counter, arguing lazily. into the first sandwich. "Never extry bit o'Santy Claus, from me."

Behind the thin partition that set off meant much of anything to me."He was gone, and in Mart's hand

the kitchen from the main part of "Didn't?"The man shook his a fivedollar-bill reposed crisply.the room, the young fellow taken in head. "Too bad. Course—"the Mart stared at it.

to wash dishes for his dinner, sat words came indistinctly from the Larry, seeing, came over.

"'Smatter? Phoney or someteeterishly on a broken chair, waitwell-filled mouth—"I know there's

ing. folks as don't care, an'then again, thing?"Then, seeing the bill, he

Pete, presently yawning and slipsome goes to extremes t'other way. whistled. "Why—whaddayuhping off his soiled apron, said: "Say, Me an'mine, we make it one grand know!—Well, it's yours, kid; guessLarry, I might's well go uptown and holiday; not a whole lot o'spendin'you can stand it,—huh?"

cashregister, he but to the Turning wholenew style, lookin'around.do some

into fun. family counted Sort fun—good,o'thing a change Mart's outsome forokay an hour or so—or,You'llwait;be

I'll call in the kid to keep you comlikes to remember an'laugh about, stretched hand.

figure that afterward. years mother, burly a a At moment Got there, youngster Huh?—Hi,

door. the entrance lower filled suddenly Kid?"asked Blue "Big"in a he here!"—comepany.

in, suspihimself cast and walked scowling Mart, he tone. slightly—for

little."cious Larry died eyes Mart. and upon She I was "No. whenresented being called "youngster"

"Whassup, here?"he demanded.—pushed the swinging door open."You calling me?""The kid got a tip—big one,"

"Yeah. I'm going out. You step The Advertisers, Larry explained. "Pete took a spell in here and help if you're needed."and Where You Will Find off—and is this bozo in luck!"

broadly, feeling grinned the Mart Pete."about looked "Okay, Mart Their Messages his in cold the of weight money uneasily.somewhat

Beneficial Life Insurance Comhand. in nothin'just "Prob'ly to do, but pany Cover Back

.. Still that lookin'fer "H*m. his as,case,"taking told him, Pete Blaze Blue Coal 797 Company

hat and overcoat from the rack, he Boyd Park Jewelers job, Mart?""Big"Blue chewed on

Inside Back Cover his long black cigar and Mart eyed twilight. into outwent the murky University Brigham Young closely. "I got for you, maybe. a use at "Pete's Larry Mart. winked Inside Back Cover (Continued 792) on pagegot lastminute shoppin'Challenge to some 791 of Charm

do,"he grinned. "How about yours, Deseret Mortuary 798

pal?"Deseret News PressInside Back Cover

"All done,"Mart returned, ironEastman Kodak Company ically. Inside Back Cover HALLENGE

797 Thomas Furst & guy! "Smart So's mine—last 796 Candy Co businessJuly... Ohoh; HARM is movin* Grant,Glade Heber J. Co &—"he added as three men entered Inside Back Cover

the lunchroom. KSL Radio Station

A Inside BOOKLET Front Cover NEW table, to the rearmost went Two

L. S. Business College D. 795 Cathryn by Cunningham third, bigbut the a goodnatured- School Culture.. Quish of Beauty 799 1| (Katie C. Jensen) fellow,appearing appropriated Institute a R. C. 792 6 A.

I Standard Brands, Incstool at 793 counter. the is through now available

"Gimme two ham sandwiches an'Utah Engraving Co 796

Utah High School of Beauty Culturea apple pie, an'a milk—an'rush it,"792 RADIO STATION KSL

he said. "I'm catchin'a train in Western Royal Vacuum Cleaner or THE DESERET NEWS

about twelve minutes."Company 794 I Price 50c

"Take 'im, you,"Larry said in an -ti h i n—i.- m—- im in i. H——if

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

I HEARD THE BELLS OF CHRISTMAS RING"(Continued from page 791) Come out to my car, while we talk Briefly, he thought of Tony. If angel, herself. The swellest little

it over."she knew—but in—anywhere. Maybe—probThe car was long and shining, could him, tonight. was wanting tell her—oh,she didn'tsomething;know. he'dHe kidably—sheand the array of gadgets within make it all up to her, anyway, with Tony loved Christmas—but she'd be

caused Mart's eyes to open wide the swell things he could do for her. wanting him! His not being with

with admiration. He turned back to the lunchroom, her,—it'd spoil things for her; and

but met Pete at the door. it wasn't much of a Christmas for

.Dig"Blue waited some "Run along, kid—we'll call it a her anyway, poor kid. Good goshtime before he spoke. "Well, I day. Come around some other time. say—he ought to take her somecould use you, kid, because of your Goodnight—an'Merry Christmas!"thing—some little gift!lookin'like a kid—see? All innoChristmas! Mart thought. ChristHe thought of the big goodna-

by looks; but I've mas!—They wish you Merry Christtured man, and the surprising tipcence,—judgin'been watchin'you—I know you've mas—and what is there to be merry "extry bit o'Santy Claus—

got brains, an'guts, too. Just the about? They talk peace and goodWith sudden resolution, Mart

kind of feller I'm lookin* for.... will—but they measure it out to you turned his steps towards town. The

Now, see here. Mart. I'm not tellin'according to what you have of this air was crisply cold; the streets were

details now,—see? I say I can use world's goods... "Merry Christbright with color—funny he'd not

you; but you have to accept or reject mas!"he muttered, and it was as if noticed, before! He found himself

on what you can guess. Get me?"he spat the words into the dirty hurrying; it was getting late, and he

I get you. street. wanted to—to play "Santy Claus""Furthermore,—if you say yes, it's And then he heard—music—no—for Tony!

yes fer keeps; no runnin'out after bells, it was. Bells! Dozens of them, The bells had stopped ringing;

you're You'll know too noticed, for their meshardly there he out in but must in—see? be,—chimingmuch. An'I don't go let anybody his heart. tunes; sang sage on in about curiously. he looked

around knowin'my business."Where were those bells?

"I see."Mart met the steely gaze Mart went on, listening; conscious

without flinching. of a different feeling within him Xhe stairs were very

carrying a bulging dark when Mart, "But, other a on the hand,—I'm queer—a tiny shoppingbag hand and in one it boss.good worth all the I make He thought of Tony; he wondered

in climbed tree lovely the other, butchances if the she were hearing bells—she'd the outside cautiously paused and upthink like that! love anything.. There it over—Iyou haveain't tomakin'take.youYoudelittle quiet, but apartment. All was if it'scide too hasty, voices, yes, were were singsee—an'now—they the door. beneath He snowedfor keeps as I said, you meet me here ing that used light they always old hymn

tomorrow night for your first little to sing at Christmas back in the set down the tree and carefully job. Sort of a Christmas present little valley chapel: "Jy to tne turned the doorknob.

in the thereI'm givin'Tony was sitting you,""Big"Lord has somecome—"world—the

chair, asleep. on if shoneshortly. it ain't The light "But thing like that. Only, it sounded Blueyes—then,laughed

mind you, you don't show up around different and her pale hair, and more than ever now—grander—oh, reminded o'placesany any my outof-doors, being from it coming more,—get face looked Her dishwashin'for ame? more No above; maybe that was it. Anyway him ofthinner—butan angel's halo.also it looked—happy. His heart leaped,square; you might let slip somethin'—it got you, somehow. Made your

about my havin'another kind o'throat feel sort of filled up, like it loving her.

business. See?"He opened the might if you were going to cry, like He closed the door behind him,

car door. a kid—opened her eyes. With a glad "I—see."Mart got out; stood Mart felt a sudden overwhelming Tonyand as the bolt clicked into place,

cry she sprang to her feet.shivering on the curb while the long desire for Tony. That song—it hadsilvery machine slipped swiftly away something about angels in it—"an- "Mart! Mart, darling! You did

did!"into the stream of traffic. gels sing;"Tony-—Tony—was an come—you

The Gift That Keeps WANTED IMMEDIATELY! Giving—

Several men to train under direct supervision of factory engineers, appointed by arra ngemento leading will manufacturers. with 50 qualifying Those be prepared, and Airby Refrigeration

rting Institute, installation, positions,—A Profession. Conditio for wellpaid estimating, service eni jrineering, such as

Give Her A Beauty Course mainten. ince, etc., in all branches of domestic, commercial and industrial

Special Xmas Tuition Rates UTAH'S OLDEST BEAUTY SCHOOL Fill in Coupon for Information * Refrigeration and

Name Address AIR CONDITIONING.

Program consists of several months'preliminary study, which will not interfere wit i present

Utah High School of Beauty employmto gradu fttes.ent, andOnlya thosepracticalnow shopemployed,coursewithin A-linstitute'scharacterlaboratory.references,Nationalmechanicallyplacemeiinc itlinedserviceand

to r able nake $8.00 monthly payments Culture

i present employment. 121 South Main St. Salt Lake City R. A. CwillI.—50be Northaccepted...MainWriteStreet—Roomfor interview,3—SaltgivingLake ajC ity,e, phone.Utah

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

I HEARD THE BELLS OF CHRISTMAS RING

He held her close. "You all right, shine, for Grandmere—and—and"sash. The lovely sound of the bells

angel? Sure, I came. You knew her voice dropped suddenly to a came in, thrillingly sweet.I'd come, didn't you?"whisper—"for the little one, when "Oh, Mart!"Tony said. "It's

"Yes, Mart, I knew. After the it comes."'Silent Night,'now."Softly she

bells came, that is."The miracle She raised her eyes to his, and sang with the chimes, "Heavenly

wasI—I wasstill afraid.upon her.But I"Beforeheard them,that, lously.found him staring at her increduhostsSavior singis born'."Alleluia; Christ theand then I knew you'd come."Mart got unsteadily to his feet, "He's supposed to be—born

"I heard them too, Tony. They letting Tony find herself standing anew, or something like that, each

told me—to come to you. I thought beside him. She fought against tears. Christmas,—isn't He?"Mart asked had to.""Are—aren't then—I couldn't—and you—glad, that much. had to confess Mart's thoughts were in turmoil.IHe Mart?"hesitantly."Yes,—in our hearts. Mart,""Oh, Mart darling—I'm so glad He'd never considered—anything Tony answered. "With peace andyou're here!—Mart—"she stopped like this. Somehow—he thought of goodwill—and courage and hopesuddenly, and sniffed. "Why "Big"Blue, whom he was to meet and—oh, all that's good and beau-."why—you've brought—a tree! tomorrow. But he couldn't now. tiful. Don't you—don't you—And—"He shouldn't of course—even with half timidly she moved closer within "Santy Claus,"Mart grinned. only Tony to consider; but now the circle of his arm—"don't you

Mart! a feel "Oh, exactly—but You—you

I "I one so wanted be almuch—adarling!tree!"hekid—acouldn'tlittleexplainkid—couldn'tit Himthink—Inear us,do,"Mart,he dear?"said very

She went to it, touched the branches lowed to grow up under a shadow. slowly. "How could I fail to find

caressingly. A name with a blot on it—Him, Tony—when I have a private

"We'll fix it up pretty soon,"Mart Oh, those bells! Those bells that angel, all my own, to lead me to

said. "Right now—come and sit had set him to thinking of Tony, Him?"here with me."wanting her—why, they were like a Sheer delight glowed from Tony's

The big old chair was very cozy miracle, sent just in time to save him face, "Why, Mart! What a beaufor two, especially when one was from a terrible mistake! tiful, beautiful thing to say! Oh,

as small as Tony. She leaned her He gathered Tony into his arms. I'm so happy! I was never so happy

head contentedly against his shoul- "Gee, angel! I think it's—swell! in my life!"

der; he held her hands in his, and Did you wait, purposely, to tell me And the bells, as if sharing her

sweet silence fell around them.—on Christmas?"rapture, rang out afresh; louder,

Presently Mart said, pointing to Before she could answer, he sudclearer, sweeter than ever; ringing

the window, "It's starting to snow."denly raised his head, listening, and out their ageold message of peace

Oh—""Really?rememberingA whitethe busyChristmas!streets puttheyhisarefingeragain!"over her lips. "There newand suretygoodwill,of thebutgoodnesswith newthathope,life

waiting to receive those feathery She ran to the window, laughing holds if one will but seek to find it.

gleefully.flakes, Christand helped Ringing enthusiasm He followed, waned. Tony's Christmas—joyous to unfasten raise"It the lock and doesn't but her the mas! mean so much here,

at the farm it would be all white and shining, Mart."

He thought of the farm. "Like

back, Tony?"to—go "Would you?"she asked quietly Be Sure To Try—but he had seen the sudden light

glow"It—isn'tin her whateyes. I wanted for you,angel; you're so lovely,—I'd like to ROYAL'Sgive you beautiful things—silks and

furs and jewels; things we'd neverhave, from the farm.""SURPRISE RECIPE"

"But it'd be home, Mart. Andwe'd have roses, every summer; for DECEMBERthey're pretty as any rubies. And the

white ones—we'll call those our

pearls; shall we?"Her face brightened as the fancy took hold of her: Ask your grocer for a copy of the Surprise

"Let's see; the sun on the snow Recipe "Chicken Puff", and make it up

that'll make acres of diamonds; the several times this month. It's delicious and

sky will be turquoise, and sapphires. inexpensive. And remember to use Royal Baking Powder

Oh, Mart—"to obtain the best results. The Cream of Tartar in Royal

kid,"he "You funny said. "And gives Chicken Puff and everything else you bake, feather you'll forI suppose dandelions have

gold."lightness, finer texture and more delicious flavor.

"Yes,—and sunshine, too. Oh,Mart—there'd always be lots of sun793

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN {Continued from page 749)

Seizing the new prize in quick her friendly embarrassment and, re- a caterpillar to a butterfly, but he time, the Indians moved out from leasing her hold, ran towards the had taken a new name. A new name

the rocks and brush beyond rifle big rock up the ravine. That meetseemed indispensable to his new amrange and took stock of themselves. ing struck new flame in the youthful bition. He was Posey.

They had more than twice the outheart of Sowagerie ( Posey ). Toorah Poke and Hatch had taken their

fit they had before, and they had was the child of Norgwinup's old names from two dashing cowboys;

lost but one man. age, a favorite with her father and Tobuckneab, the young chief of

They had sent their enemies with Poke, her big grizzlybear Allan Canyon, had stolen the name ignominiously away afoot with their brother. of another cowboy and had become

wounded, without food to eat or a Since Sowagerie ( Posey ) had Mancos Jim. Sowagerie had adblanket on which to rest. Everycrawled almost on his belly to kiss mired the fine outfit and the superthing brought by the company with the soiled hem of Poke's garment, fine nerve of a young fellow called

its great blare of trumpets was added the young NavajoMountainite conBill Posey, so he followed the lead to their own rich supply. What sidered the little sister and caught a of greatness and became Posey. His

glorious victoryl Surely the Great new thrill long and sweet. No such brother, Beogah, appropriated the

Spirit had fought for them. girl ever before! The fact of her name of old Dorrity's horse wranexistence aroused a stinging sense of gler, Johnnie Scott, and became

With their enemies in his own personal unfitness. Much Scottie.

full retreat clear out of the country, as he wanted to meet her he was The strange thing about these they went in the evening and dragimpelled to hide whenever she came selfimposed appellations is the way ged twelve dead white men down out in sight. He simply wanted to crawl they stuck like printer's ink, obliterof the brush to be stripped of all their out of himself, and he began that ating the old name in a few months.

valuables and to be given in a row very thing. He cut the sharp leaves We may as well observe right here

to the crows and the coyotes. Beof the yucca plant and, binding them that Chee, Posey's renegade father,

sides that, they had found two untogether with a buckskin string, he also took a new name; he became

suspecting prospectors and raised made a hair brush with which he Cheepoots, Oldman Chee.

the number of their kill up to fourbegan working the old tangles and Gorged with gain and glory from teen. This was seventeen white knots out of his hair. Some of those the fight at Lasal, the PahUtes

men killed since the brave start at knots dated back to the remote with all their vociferous progeny, the Springs, and some of the cowNavajo Mountain days, to early and all their numbers but one, reboys had gone away badly woundchildhood. When, with much care, turned to exult in the undefined

ed, perhaps to die. he had it all straightened out, he forests of Elk Mountain. They

it in parted the middle and braided belligsusceptible in Sowagerie exploits their more howled To the it into whips, neat weaving into two into ), worshiping before, unacknowlthan went erant key ( Posey and edged at Poke's active heels, the them and around them, two yards of wild transports of delight. And

drama from the horseranch to bright red rag. With these flashy there they waited for someone to

Lasal was one perfect vision of dangles hanging from his ears down come after them in battle array.

glory; nothing to compare with it across his breast, he regarded himFrom the beetling rims of the moun-

a glorious tain they gazed hopefully away toever before. The brightest points self in a clear pool—What

in his memory of the old Navajo transformation! the regions eastward, longing for

Mountain activities faded to dimness He put a few brave dabs of red the sight of men, of horses and outin comparison, and Bigmouth Mike and blue paint on his face and looked fits to make the long days interesting looked like a tame old squaw. But in the pool again—He was a chief! and profitable.

that tremendous affair at Lasal left With the new ability which alNo one came. The last ripple of

another and very different tingle in ways follows the magic touch of soft the affair at the HorseRanch seemed the mind of the PahUte renegade's hands, he traded for a red shirt and to blow away with the autumn touselheaded son: When the camp a pair of buckskin trousers with winds, and the tribe scattered to its

bolted for the rocks, stumbling over fringe down the side. With resourceand clinging to each other, the weak ful resolution he took from someto the strong and the timid to the where a pair of moccasins with beadRoyal Floor Cleaner Reg.Price $39.50

brave, a soft hand gripped his own work across the toes. More gallant Royal Hand Cleaner Re. Price $14.50

all thanand held firmly on till they reached $54.00 Value for *39*5"jgcZZ, a with wideshelter. else brim—ahe obtainedhat awhichhigh hadhat

quality 1936 models. Latest Royal twelve of the been taken from one just in grip such hand of any The has Floor Cleaner throughout. new out of the white men dragged down very astir, brush powtype revolving and setthat him have would way

is ideal erful Cleaner suction. Hand of Toorah, brush. thisbut hand was the floor. cleaning for the above When he faced himself in the the sister of Poke,the little PahUte offer is limited time This for a

cavalier. She clung to Sowagerie's clear water again, he resolved to only—act now.

(Posey's) hand with the startled hide no more from Toorah, but to alarm which had seized everybody be on display whenever she was WESTERN ROYAL in camp, and he wished they might near, to magnify himself before her VACUUM CLEANING CO.

get separated from the tribe and run wondering eyes. 175 EAST BROADWAY WAS. 1448

on and on together. When she He was Sowagerie no more. Not SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

heard her brother's voice, she smiled only had he been transformed from

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

instinct. theold Henceforth haunts as if nothing had hapsistent be JJeoLcateo topened. the arrow were not to bow and

Hatch, lusting for more fame, weapons, but symbols.

living again them found Normalcy the overwent Uncompahgre among 1 the Service povertystricken the leeches on of his fine like display toIndians some horses and other plunder, but those Mormon people at the San Juan setIndians feared he would get them tlement. They stole horses, cattle,into trouble and turned him over to anything, everything, till the colof youth.

the law. He was detained there for ony's existence became a vexed and

a little while in the chain gang, but bitter problem. Hatch, Sanop, Mike,

he soon came back in peace and and Tuvagutts set the pace, while safety to San Juan. Posey, the two Grasshoppers, and

No one was ever made to answer other small fry kept in step to the for the death of those seventeen best of their ability.

white men that year. The destrucNavajo Frank and Bitseel, with

tion of property, the disturbance, the no big raids to distract their attenanguish, and the expense it entailed, tion from business, aspired to excel were never brought in any kind of the whole PahUte tribe at the fine charge against the PahUtes, and art of stripping the Mormons. Frank

no one ever answered for it. They was husky and powerful, built to

carried their murder and their roblast a hundred years, and he laughed bery to a successful and profitable loud in contempt at the pleas of the settlers and the sage teachings offinish. It was a good game—they

their missionaryinterpreter, Haskel.liked it—why should they not plan

more games of the same kind? Toorah's imperious brother, Poke,

No member of the tribe reacted took no stock in the old feud between with keener relish to the big drama the Cheepoots people and their old that year than Sowagerie, now NavajoMountain neighbors. If the

Posey. To him it expressed life, renegades had made lifelong enelove, the royal road to destiny. And mies by crowding in where they had

yet his promotion to manhood, as no right, they had themselves to indicated by his reflection in the thank for it. Bitseel the Navajo

pool, was not without its peculiar found a warm welcome to duckt and cost. In his rags and his beggarly other entertainment in the old grizappearance, Poke had tolerated him zly's wickiup, and the old grizzly

as the turncoat's son, an evil he had returned the visits to Bitseel's hogan BUSINESS COLLEGE BUILDING to endure. But when the turncoat's across the River.

son rose up with the great imposing In these visits across the River, Throughout its long history name, the haughty imposing dress, and everywhere the old bear went, the L. D. S. College has had

and his eager eyes looking always he took Toorah the little sister with one great purpose:

towards Toorah, the big grizzlybear him, or made one of his three brothbrother turned in disgust. "Puneeh!"ers responsible for her keeping. To help young men and womhe grunted with an impatient flip of The arrangement seemed to be made en to prepare themselves to

the hand. for Posey's particular benefit, for meet successfully the probstalwart the son of Tsabeis for Bitseel, the PahUtes'Puneeh word

her without hindrance, and lems and opportunities of kiss, met farskunk, so old bear as the andwas concerned, that was Sowagerie's the whole family of Poke's people life—

new name. approved. And the school is better preSo Puneeh, the skunk, (alias

than to renbefore ever pared alias to get Posey, Sowagerie), had live of stock wealth Ihe service to der that you! into get her by stealth, company and the at gatheredand treasure HorseRanch and at Lasal, slipped out of out the same way. It was hazardous

the hands of those prodigals in a business. If the old grizzly should

surprisingly short time. Their wild find him or his tracks, something

orgies of the big raid were like a terrible would happen. L D. S. BUSINESS

forchild's over. Poke's aversion the Their soon game, PahUte COLLEGEreturn to a return to renegades normalcy back come was who had from 70 North Main—Salt Lake Cityrags and poverty, and they stole Navajo Mountain made him doubly

to Bitseel, avaricious to toacceptable soulagain the keep and body finegether. horses son of the big saddles Navajo, and The watched L.SaltD.LakeS. BUSINESSCity, Utah COLLEGE who

and the clothes they stripped from eagerly for their coming to his vicinGentlemen: Please send me your booklet,

the dead, disappeared with the sumity. Not that he had one kindly "Planning Your Future."

mer leaves, or carried the bedraggled thought towards one soul in their fringe of PahUte mendacity. Yet ragged, greasy pack. He despised

they hung to the fine guns with per- (Continued on page 796)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 795) every last one of them. All the same blanket to form a saucy little pyramid proaching evening offered no cause:

he wanted in particular to see Posey, by its first owner. Posey regarded for alarm.

for his pet hobby was to devise some it with a silent frown and went on He still had the dashing fringed new way of jabbing his old enemy. with the game, hoping his little wad trousers. From his naked waist toAlready he had discovered of three dollars would suffice to bring his bare feet, those trousers reprePosey's passion for ducki, a weakit back. His little wad departed, sented everything remaining of the

ness he resolved to work to a finish. coin at a time to increase the offendglory in which he emerged from the

When, after the big raid, he saw ing pyramid of his darling enemy. chrysalis. He considered them desPosey, the gaudy butterfly, with Posey sat there broke and humiliperately. D the difference! He

the red shirt, beaded moccasins, imated right in the middle of an imwould rather humiliate this infernal posing hat, and gorgeouslybloom- portant game—an important fight. thief than own the best pair of

ing name, his eyes opened wide as He must at least retrieve his three trousers ever worn by a chief.

the eyes of a cat spying an unsusdollars, that much to save his honor. He removed the fringed beauties

pecting bird. He watched his chance Yes, and he must do more, he must from his legs and folded them neatly

to flash the cards before the arrocut some eyeteeth for this devilish with trembling hands and hopes and gant Posey, a dare for which Posey Navajo as he had prepared and rehate and the direst of curses under was equally eager. They seated solved to do. his breath. He was devoting them

themselves each side of a blanket Loosening his beaded moccasins with awful heartburn to a final shot secluded in the willows where they from his feet he staked their whole at his most hated adversary. Surely

it couldn't turn; go his disturbed, luck though not would bewould bet. the value on one And—Curses! forever. this friends attended.Navajo's on way lacked an ace He of spades—Bitseel defiant. confident Posey and was fingers fidgeting and twitchthe moccasins. took But Posey must With

But while he had been reveling in not let a muscle of hand or face ing lips he sat there in his breechblood and plunder, getting new betray the sting it gave him. He cloth and watched Bitseel manipthrills in thickets birchwillows, of the a chivalrous was chief—his luck ulate

chrysalis to theand emerging from the was in surely change. would cards.ducki—theSurelybeadedthe trousdevil

Bitseel colors name,new and new of hearts! a jack ers slipped away on in staked the hat proud which He

secrets the masteringhad been to the them added big Navajo at The of the glory of he from came drama monte and coolincan, with his reneLasal. The avaricious Navajo won tantalizing pile of kingly apparel by

in mind. adversary alwaysgade silver. the pyramid of saucy little instead And How exasperating! waitedAlso while the PahUtes his Bitseel enemy's contemplated on it.of holding future that hat as a pawn

Elk Mountain for an enemy that in the game, Bitseel turned it over nakedness with a grin of deep satisnever came, they played ducki for right there to square an account faction. "Hacoon,"(Come on) he

atlong days a stretch. Posey took there to looking see if chuckled, with a friend of his who watched the

alall inpart those games, thinking bracelet or anymight ring, a be a game.

of cut some wouldways how he thing else having worth on the Pahalmost than That was morepainful his dearest for adeyeteeth perspiring body. Ute's in soul Posey's could bear proudversary. Bitblack eyes flashed. Posey's Still silence. his resolved to keep he

Here in the willows they began feelings well covered; any show of seel's friends looked on with great

the game with cartridges, working pain would delight his enemy and amusement, and one of them wore silver then to smallup and gallant hat Posey had which his to the defeat. resolved to dolprove He

lars. chesty the PahUte, Posey, into proudly the game. worn his superior sit right there and prove

won, staking his winnings in a torstuff if it took all night. The agonized Posey rose to his

till five pilementing had gained he to place for the nearest looking off his beautiful red feet He peeled dollars. every with good play And "You'll of sight. get out shirt. see me Navajo That contemptible

he made he let off exultant jibes at sat grinning his absolute confidence, again,"he hissed, repeating his

Bitseel the Navajo, who seemed a foolish little hat strapped on his enemy's threat as he turned away. had that to guessnever the PahUtes throatlatch with a from head a The little sister must never see

their duckiwits sharpeningbeen all bridle. passed had Hardly a word

Bittheythe time been away. had exulting since Posey's between them

his luck unseel curse to pretended jibes deal every ended, but and der his breath while he played movement fairly bristled with spite.

on.gamely Glade's shirt. Bitseel the won slowly, tide the turned and Then is anesthetic, great dead- a Ducki GHOeOLATES pile little that tormenting at time a

its victims they to the ening blows for the Perfect the across of back went money in latter part receive of the game, the at the same time inflaming them with Holidays best materials the very a more furious passion to win. Dazed Only methods modern and most

half gay Posey and saw the naked used. ENGRAVCOMPLETE j A slip shirt he his hand, red from and Avoid Disappointment by inING SERVICE

sisting retained just for care the enough on GLADE'S. portraits to the largest missionary From

catalogues. assured world around him to be that GLADE CO CANDY Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. looking. his people none of were City, Utah Salt Lake ENGRAVING CO UTAH Nothing stirred in the jungle of wil120 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah lows giving them shade, and ap796

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN him in this shame or ever know a selected and colored and employed The cowboys bolted headlong thing about it. Before she could to suit occasions. anywhere to escape death as it

have any chance to see his heroic In the development of this cause shrieked after them from those clothes on another man, she must an Indian named Brooks was shot green groves of oak.

see him in an outfit even better. through the neck, and then the cause The Indians shot down the last

Resolute as if his very life were matured with magic haste. The crazed mule and came out cautiously

staked on the issue, he nailed the fight was on! A war of splendid to gather the booty. They rounded

very first unguarded horse left on promise had been set afoot with up that herd of valuable horses, the hills by the people of the fort. mighty little effort. stripped the wagon of its load and

Then with his fair ability as a trader, A quick succession of events, the big dead mules of their harness.

and his unfair ability as a thief, he every one of them meaning trouble, As a farewell token of their corlost no time in replacing his butterfly persuaded the cowpunchers to look dial regards they heaped dry brush it on fire.wings and displaying himself where for a less dangerous abiding place. over the wagon and set

the dear Toorah could not fail to see They corralled their horses for Leaving all that remained of the him. prompt departure, and while they outfit in a red blaze over the tangle

roped the animals they wanted to of dead mules, they moved deliberChapter V Soldier Crossing work and to ride, a storm of bullets ately away with their plunder and began to sing past their ears and all their progeny. Ahead of them

JLhe cool of the mounpepper the pole fence with startling was the Big Trail and the maze of tains lured the natives from the low familiarity. ledges from which no PahUte

fugitive ever been dragged had the in time. thecountry summer At In haste, panicky not without and back; the angry would Meticats offoot those the Blue Mountain two peril to they big hitched four mules in full pursuit after be soon them fine cattlebig put a on companies high loaded with bedding a wagon delightful! how cattle, riproareveryshow day—fat provisions, the and and mounted men

ing horses, bronchobusting cowwith their herd of horses surrounded These people believe that in time punchers with guns on both hips. it as a bodyguard while it pulled out of trouble they should have their

their wives children right not, indolent and the along orWhether Pahof In that camp. they hoped way

If with for fixed them. these defenseless a mania ones watchingUtes had to get the conspicuous slowand

left If the action. are ever themselves,quick might world they by the safely moving beyond wagon

it their surprised the be business captured.lagged, they and made So zone. danger

to prod it into action. Moreover, PahUtes take their families into the

it had been two years since the big An old road full of bumps and war. They take their goats, all their

days of PahUte Springs and at rocks and steep pitches led from the ragshag camp outfits, and their inLasal, and something in their blood camp on South Montezuma up dispensable following of mangy around the head of Devil Canyon dogs.suggested the near approach of anBluff. to and Mustang down Mesa

life, if Their really domestic event. anyother epochmaking

it to apparent the Indians was When part like theirs existence of an may rather formidable In numbers that the and its guard wagon would is properly called domestic, prebethey erected their wickiups near the take this DevilCanyon road, they in uniformity with served war more firing quit to give and the seemed at up and South Montezuma,cowcamp in than peace. they moved When fight. big rumbling The and wagon the prospects stockcalmly took of that into burning from the wagon up

it the roar of hoofs proaroundfor excitement. the sumThat was it tall timber, jubilating a great was

hill in gressed peace out up the and reto and, strange of 1884mer (?) reunion; family aunts, nieces, uncles,

late, they were soon found to have into the sagebrush to the south. nephews, and every tottering old

Everything for looked escape. rosy

stillin their (old nanipoots belong- a possession horse clawing man) is miles out the roundup Two life. for the earth is ising to the cowboys. That what ground, valley a little between low with his gaudy Posey The two of thegenerally given as the cause hills are which groves with studded

trouble. No difference; causes are of oak brush. When the wagon (Continued on page 798)

and its rough riders reached the center of this friendlylooking glen, a pandemonium of shots broke forth

The from three sides. One of the big

xvCoal That Satisfies"wheelersness, the droppedother jumpeddead in intohis harthe stretchers, and the leaders turned No Time Like in to Get Now to up $75 a week is squarely around as if they wanted to Make

It's no to$12 tomake up in get the up wagon.

use a car day whenyoutrick your as a McNess:

"Store Wheels."are on Farmers buying off in piled teamster confusion The everything they can from men. McNess

businessgetting prizes, also tried and of the loose one deals to mount Attractivemoneysaving to customers daily necessities makesnap. McNess a

is Blue Blaze horses. business in sellingThis depressionproof. Dolf Lusk was wounded

There's oetter Blaze Blue the hip and another cowboy in the We Supply Capita! -Start Now! no Co. Coal work anywhere—foot. other stumbled men up Two pays permanent, need start to supplywell, we no experienceget started you quick. Bldg. 1102 Walker Bank their tried from horses dead and in start firsthelp making moneyto Write at once

Ness Dealer obligation. for YouMciJ75and capitalBook—tells all—noday, Salt Lake City, Utah frantic to the catch to herd another

ride. RJRST& THOMAS, 341 Adams St., Freeport, fit

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain [Continued from page 797)

whips of ebony hair and all his bright plumage was prominent among them wherever prominence was possible and still safe. He rode

a good horse and carried a rifle. To

his own mind he was indispensable in the fighting machinery of the tribe. He couldn't ride often in

Poke's august shadow, yet he could display his imposing figure now and then before Toorah's appreciative eyes, and she rewarded his effort with a grunt or by coyly hiding her face.

The old bear, Poke, austere and uncompromising, with that villainous, inky mustache vertical across his mouth, looked at the upstart with masSowagerie, Thiscontempt. L CO LP. the great name of TV nothing Puneeh! was V>ARIZ. CORNERSqueradingPosey—he under

more, nothing less.

Poke's situation, with this Yet 'm all the displeasuretesty and pos-, EL CAPITAN'lOw""%'l<,"""<'>'CHUCALUCMTS.

it to the "skunk,"sible meant danger was not without some compensating bid.

features: The little sister was an

inseparable part of the company, eagerness was all pretended, just a the shape of a bullet plowing up the and the stress of the occasion perdecoy, for they kept just tantalizdust in front of them.

mitted him to see her frequently. ingly out of riflerange with exultant The Mericats held to the red

Besides that, his hated Navajo chuckle. They made it a point every men's tracks, up and down, left and

rival, Bitseel, was nowhere near so often to stimulate the wrath of the right over sand and hillside and and could not see her at all. Mericats by leaving some extra fine rocks. They followed stupidly into

Un the fifth day in the cowhorsecious regardsbehindwrittenwithon theirhim inferored abeenboxcanyonshut up likewhereratstheyin acouldtrap,havebut afternoon the scouts of the camp lines of blood and scabs from ears Poke and his people rode meekly on reported Mericats in sight behind to hoofs. from this advantage as they had

cowboys and soldiers, a big comThe Indians chose their course from others, and held to the old fapany. They seemed to be foo itch through a country familiar to them miliar trail toward the north side of

tobuck (heap mad); what a promas an old book, a country about Mossback Mesa.

ising indication. The more angry which the posse knew nothing. And, Exasperated to a frenzy with this

the better so long as they could not in seeming ignorance or haste, the tantalizing business, when the cowsneak up alongside. PahUtes chose to pass a dozen men and soldiers got out of the box

Up Hammond Canyon and across rockribbed elbows by their trail in of White Canyon and saw the dust

Elk Mountain the big family proany one of which they could have of the Indians climbing the mouncession strung out along the trail in obliterated their pursuers or hurled tain to the south, they made for that pretended eagerness of retreat. That them back in confusion. But why mountain on the lope. How strange

stop the fun so soon? Its progress it had never dawned on them that

mile after mile involved them in no now and for days past, they had danger, and every one of them from been completely at the mercy of the the tottering old nanipoots down to Indians.

the smallest papoose able to toddle, The tribe had resolved to go the gloated and snickered for every rod full length of the Trail, to renew it continued. acquaintance with the ideals and exFrom the Wooden Shoe buttes on ploits of their fathers, but they would

the west side of the mountain they hurl the foolish posse back from this turned southwest down among a point. Accordingly they stopped on

maze of precipitous rims. The posse an upper shelf of the mountain and

stormed along just out of range begot down behind the rocks along hind, unaware of trap after trap the rim. This time when the white

through which they were being led. men came tearing up the trail below

One thing and one only was all that them, instead of dropping their bulever induced that posse to slacken lets modestly in the trail in front, its pace, that was a gentle hint in they shot the two lead men. The

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1936

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN others dropped back quickly to the received a silver watch, about which tribe made lavish offerings to their first cover, taking refuge in a little a long story could be told, and one gods of war. They gormandized on

gulch just off the foot of the hill. of them a blue coat for which he the finest young animals and stuffed

From their sure defense behind received a new name. their mangy dogs to a state of

the rocks the brown warlords called On the high rim of Mossback nausea. They killed indiscriminately

mockingly to the Mericats to come Mesa that night the staccato chant to answer their wild bloodlust inon up. The white men, in their of their warsong echoed away into herited from their bloody ancestors.

narrow shelter of that little gulch at the solitudes they loved. They had They killed cattle with their guns;

the bottom, had to hug the wall to passed already a score of charted but to express the art of the fathers keep out of sight. If they raised a deathtraps, the latest one of which they shot them also with arrows,

hat on a stick, it was shot through had been newly glorified by the two taking little interest in what they at once. mangled forms lying at the foot of killed or wounded. Cows fled disThe two wounded men on the the hill below. Scores of similar tractedly over the hills with long arburning hillside, a soldier named traps lay still ahead, places known rows bristling from their sides. BeWorthington and a cowboy named and loved of old for their sure defore these heathens left the country,

Wilson, but going by the nickname fense of the fighting fathers. every wind brought the stifling

of Roundy, called pleadingly for It would have been a huge delight breath of rotting carcasses.

water. Their calls became more freand perfectly safe, to worry that They celebrated seven days near

quent, but in the scorching heat of bunch of demoralized cowpunchers the shores of the lake, rehearsing the that July sun their voices grew weak all the way back to south Montelegends of the maneating monster and low. zuma, and that is exactly what the hidden deep in its bowers of seaNo one under the narrow shelter Indians would have done if they weed. The old men told of celeof that gulch could take them a hadn't planned something better. brations in the distant past, when

drink; it would be suicide to try, They had come deliberately this far Navajos or Shoshones lay dead on

even if they had the water. So they to follow the old Trail, and now they the trail behind. They chanted it in

waited there in anguish, holding would go its full length, drink again concert, dancing in close formation their horses close in a huddle lest of its glory, celebrate its historic around the fire, and the fierce rhythm some protruding head or tail become events. of their song drifted over the lake to

in return ghostly shelf. for targeta snipers the the echo bare from on the

trail to but Posey, This was new cliff beyond. buttes the the behind sank sunAs

it is as to a water somehow was still tottering piloted nanipoots could they themon Mesa, Mossback A father duck. offended been His had lake, the from for the away of thehear the moaning wounded Old

tribe, the but seceded from and had calls led their solid for over Pathway agonized rock and wheremen tribal instinct the not deep had betraying track no leftwater. could bebe

If least. in the the Old changed

it hind. this for time not At was essential of Trail coming lacked any the released L/arkness the foiling of purpose chance any

self, the longlost his to then as him their unprisonposse from crowded of had hopes no now little sister than compensated more little that rim theyder and went simply indiswas an pursuer—theypursuers—it deficiency. for that he saw When inhunting gulch the echoing water pensable feature the old of program.

fire with her the or her pony on by else nothingbehind. but There was this For reason same they the forded

colors, skirt of bright dazzle her a toto their leave dying companions their tracks San where Juan would perfect envisioned dreamland a he fit fatewhatever the saw PahUtes quickly obliterated. be the From to the from muchSouth Montezuma is give.to fate revolting to That of Trail the old end the of south anticipated ahead. Pagahrit Always It iscontemplate: said that the wild River they sought places the shady

of that the bright angel dreamland in their ledge frommen came down of rest to Mountain Navajo and little sister. Poke's wasthe evening worried the and two sleep before to they returned big the

men to death with their wolflike From Mossback Mesa the Old herds and to new prospects of dogs. Trail leads across the cliffbound plunder.

it Canyon, of Red his tributaries were Uncle and O, who Sam skirts (To be Continued) Coloof the the dizzy rim yawningfighting coats in blue brass and men buttons! Who were the cowboys rado and enters the deeplycut

with their guns and their bluster! caverns of North Gulch. From theseThey had cowered there all day unluxuriant jungles of black willow, BE INDEPENDENT

der that little rim like whipped dogs, the Indians climbed a monstrous No Other Vocation So Profitable!

and had been glad enough to sneak sandslide and entered the region of ENROLL NOW away in the darkness without a word Pagahrit, dry and silent with the For a Complete Course at the to their wounded friends. They had mysterious clear, deep lake in its

gone back the way they came withcenter. Qulsffi School of Beauty Culture

in the Westout hurting hadn't sides three here Protected on by The Best anybody—they 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson given rivers,been a chance promof to fire one the the deep on chasms and CITY, LAKE SALT UTAH

ising shot. other yawning canyons sides by and Information Further For

The old bear's people stripped the high rims, the PahUtes proceeded and Catalog Call blue clothes with their bright butto hold a great carnival as the place Wasatch 75HJ or tons from the dead soldier; the boots, and occasion demanded. The peoFill in This

the wide hat, and other things from ple of Bluff had hidden many of their Coupon the cowboy to be divided among cattle for safekeeping in this remote the lions of the tribe. One of them corner, and with these the jubilant

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY WORD FROM OSCAR KIRKHAM AT MARICOPA agi—-has the a pronounced as in the word ate. Does it STAKE Mesa, Arizona,

is the correct that surprise Nevertheless way to you? November 15, 1936. M it. i is pronounced accent ma. falls on the say The And the Dear Brother:

talk, in ice. Christmas preparing as your you are When for Maricopa Stake went over leaving Old Mexico. Just this correctly. practise saying word five top hundred subscriptions: the today—about for Era A

at this season used another commonly word stake! great Bethlehem—is

is the second, met; in the of year. as pronounced first e The want November numbers. Hope you have enough They

third, in the in event; the as the as first e e the word copies. silent; extra

the second h is preferably silent. The accent falls after the Oscar.

firstEnsemble—hassyllable, Beth.more than its share of troubles, for not one A JAM SHORTAGE

the first its sound e's e takes sound. of the has The own of "Oamma,"said little Dora at the breakfast table, "does an in letter the becomes second one arm; the as the word a

o with a sound as in the word from, and the accent falls * Santa Claus know everything?"

here; the third one is silent, with the ble syllable taking the "Certainly."

sound of b'l as the second syllable in the word channel. The "Does he know that I am now eating bread with jam on it?"

word could be respelled: an (arm sound of a) som (o as in "Yes, dear."

from) b'l. That is the correct pronunciation of the word in "Then, mamma, does he know there isn't much jam on it?"

its usage from clothes to musicales. <s>

"TAKING TOWNS"FOR THE ERA St. George, Utah.

September 17, 1936 Dear Editors:

Enclosed you will find checks for Veyo, Gunlock, and Enterprise. Gunlock's quota is 10; we visited there and

found 19 families, one of them a stranger, the CCC Captain, and the 19 homes subscribed for the Era, taking every house in town.

Then, too, Veyo in the afternoon. Their quota was 9 and

every home we visited but three took the Era, and there were three left that we didn't visit (not in town). We secured 13 from this small town, every house but 6, and we

expectWe certainlyto call backfeel asonif them.the Lord has blessed us and helped EMULATING POP'S EARLY PIETY

us so far with our drive.

"Darber: "Well, my little man, and how would you like Yours truly, *-* cut?"your hair Seegmiller, Edith

father's, sir, just don't "If please, like Small and Boy: you St. Stake Era Director. George

little forget the comes hole at the round the head top where $

Homestead. Witness Canadian and Mission through."- Office of Canadian

Thanksgiving Day, DROWNING THE CACKLE October 12, 1936.

opera?"Dear Brethren:

DESIRE to express our appreciation for The Improvement Mr. Cumrox; "especially when it's it Do Yes,"you enjoyansweredgrand WEEra on this our Canadian Thanksgiving Day. We are loud enough to keep me from hearing a lot of fool conversation

truly thankful for the copies sent into the Canadian Mission. that's going on around me."Washington Star.

look to the forward many We fine articles that it contains -#- deal of pleasure. each with a great month

We have received lots of praise from nonmembers of the

Church in giving their opinion of this outstanding magazine.

In behalf of all the Canadian Missionaries we desire to express our appreciation for your kindness in sending it to us each month.

Sincerely your brother, W. Rumel Cragun,

Mission Secretary.

FROM THE MAYOR OF ANNAPOLIS Annapolis, Maryland, September 19, 1936.

To Harold B. Lee.

Dear Mr. Lee:

Tt was very kind of you to send me the literature on the pur- * poses and objectives of the Church Security Program, studied. which read and I have

certainly I must commend you and your organization for BUTTON, BUTTON, WHO'S GOT THE BUTTON?

putting conceiving into effect such and a movement, corner corner and I 'I 'he around the says it some other must be man that starting in hope be successful such a movement may we that is just prosperity around. Evening News. Buffalo

in here Annapolis.

I subscription enclosing year's $2.35 a check for for a am TRY A BOWL OF WAX FRUIT

if at starting Era, to possible with the $2 The Improvement

July issue. The additional thirtyfive cents is in payment of SHE: "She gave us something on our wedding anniversary the Tune issue and the postage thereon. that plush teacosy—and we ought to reciprocate."

Sincerely yours, He: "Reciprocate? You mean retaliate."Sidmouth Ob-

(Signed) Louis N. Phipps, Mayor. server.

oM"* Enjoy it Again!

In Snapshots... Let

Us Make the Prints Bru?ham.\bung Unhwrsrty

Kodak snapshots enable you to enjoy today's good times again tomorrow and years from tomorrow. Have your

Kodak along, with plenty of Kodak Verichrome Film, on all your weekend and vacation trips. Spirituality—

j is the keystone of char- j WE'RE HERE TO SERVE YOU acter training at Brig- I ham Young University, j

Film of the size.. Kodak

careful IS—withKodaks.type youcomplete stocks of the latest need... prompt,

finishing. You'll like especially

developing, your The WINTER | photothe way and we handle printing, and enlarging. QUARTER... I ear-

I is the keystone of the EASTMAN ore College year—m order your CHRISTMAS activities, courses, more

more cultural entertainCARDS early. There is a

ment. definite advantage in making

inc. your selection while our STORES

Build for Spiritual and Menstock is complete. You get 155 South Main Street

tal Leadership at B. Y. U. just the card you want, at SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

the price you want to pay, and you are free to attend to 'the other many details inciWINTER QUARTER dental to the approach of the Jsisis 15 %%&&%&!k January 4—March 19

1937 | holidays. Come in NOW. /

BRIGHAM j THE DESERET

i NEWS PRESS YOUNG the added value of a fine UNIVERSITY PIONEERAND BINDERSPRINTERSOF With your Christmas gift, give THE WEST name—

Provo, Utah 29 Richards Street BOYD PARK Salt Lake City at no greater cost.

RINGS Boyd Park Quality WATCHES Quality "Watches for wrist or A LITTLE LIGHT BoydEngagementPark Rings, $50 and more,

... of and scores

gifts for men A little light on your insurance will undoubtpocket,exclusive$18.50BOYDto PARK$55

edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underand women.

insured. Think what it would mean if fire Ask us for suggestions.

destroyed your property. Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. BOYDJEWELERSPARKj/'

See our agent in your town 106 MAIN STRECT SALT LAKE CITY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO, General Agents, Salt Lake City

The Gift That Benefits All The gift of a life insurance policy for Christ- A policy for yourself will take a load from mas is a gift of enduring values for all the your mind and guarantee for your loved ones family. future Christmases free from worry and

A Beneficial policy for your children will want.

teach them thrift and selfreliance and will provide for them a fund for college or busLife insurance is a gift that extends its cominess. forting influence far into the future. Ask

A policy for your wife will add to her sense your local Beneficial agent to help you plan of security. a Christmas life insurance program.

If It's A Beneficial Policy It's the Best Insurance You Can Buy

UMBIQALUfE INSIIANC

General Agents

allen cameron, 515 title & trust bldg., phoenix, H. M. ROLLINS, LYMAN, WYO.

THOS. r. f. e. j. boise, bldg., idaho cottle, Ariz, 420 idaho sorensen,L. SMART, 310202 parkWondercentralBLDG.,bldg.,Reno,losNev.angeles,

L. D. 20811 Jennie Calif, Bldg., Idaho Rogers GREENWOOD,

Falls, Idaho roy utley, 310 park central bldg., los angeles,

david petersen, 919 first national bank bldg., ogden, Calif.

UTAH WILLEY, California ARCHER Bldg., 605 Calif. Oakland,

A.THOS. H. ROBINSON, 810 WHITE BLDG., SEATTLE, WASH. GEORGE AVE., 2UNDEL, CHICO, CALIF. SACRAMENTO 4335