%lmprooemcnt!tra

RtRa...ANOTHER #/

"fi/ew CA*f iwr

car owners, Shell Super Chassis LubriWith new methods, improved products, Shellubrication engicant is something you get only with neers have found the way to prolong Shellubrication.

by many miles that smooth and silent The Shellubrication dealer in your ff&"new car feel."neighborhood is a man to get acShellubrication

To do this they created, among quainted with. Now, more than ever,

other things, a revolutionary Shell he promises you greater driving pleasReceipt Holder

Super Chassis Lubricant. This ure—and lowered upkeep cost.

improved lubricant threads out and:s

snaps back under the continuous Extra services—without extra charge jUocumcntari'

bouncing and varying chassis pres-—to help hold that"New CarLook"H SHtEUUTBKICATlOM RKCORB

sures, forestalling squeaks, stiff riding Ladies, especially, appreciate the action and chassis wear. fact that Shellubrication also helps

This is just one of 8 to 16 special keep a new car looking smarter. With

Shell products used in Shellubricating each job, your tire walls and running When you're ready to turn in your automobile, whether new or old. boards are rubberdressed. The body yourbricationpresentReceiptscar, yourcan Shelluprove

Like all these modern Shell products, is wiped off with a specially treated mighty handy. They comprise a

like Shell -engineered ChekCharts of cloth. Interior vacuumed or brushed complete upkeep biography of

every current make and model, like out. Chromium shined. And other servyour car, a record you can show

to as prospective buyer anythe famous blueprintstyle receipts for ices performed—without extra charge. that proof received your car has

better - than - average care...

therefore deserves a higher turnLn. 3 Shellubrication dealer for comLLPn@?a@i c P-H in price. Ask your neighborhood plete details—and get a FREE

The MODERN UPKEEP SERVICE Receipt Holder from him today.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

HAYMAKING hits new highs,in efficiency this year with the modern McCormickDeering Hay

Tools designed to match the speed and performance of the new Farmall Tractors.

Two new mowers for Farmall-A and Farmall-B lead the parade. You'll want to see them and try them in your

fields. They whir along behind the Farmalls at speeds up

to 4% miles an hour. Another new machine is the No. 25 ThewheelnewtypeNo.tractor25 caster-;mower.

Tractor Mower. It is easy to attach and detach, fits practically any farm tractor, and is an ideal allaround mower.

Quickattachable mowers are also available for the

Farmall-H and Farmall-M. % Left: The fast

11 way to make year, too, This the McCormickDeering we introduce H light,airyrows... awindnew Baler, Pickup timesaving a handy, machine that picks up

and bales the hay as you drive along down the windrow. McCormickFarmall and

The complete McCormickDeering line includes mowDeering Eners for both horse and tractor operation, dump rakes, SideclosedGearRake.

tedders, sidedelivery rakes, loaders, green crop loaders, stackers, hay presses, and hay choppers. Be ready to go

when haying time comes around. See the International

Harvester dealer now.

NEW Ask about the International Harvester Company NG (INCORPORATED) 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois WcCORWlCKDEER *"hay A P.CKUP BAUER

'on the move. CB<"A

McCORMiCKDEERING HAY TOOLS

(Do IJDJUL JtiwiVThe highest temperature at which/MmprooementEra "The Glory of God is Intelligence"mally?animate creatures can live nor259

extent of juvenile crime in the Grant, The J. Heber

last year? States United 260 "Widtsoe, A.MAY, 19 4 John

5 43 Editors NUMBERVOLUME has the proved to be most exWhat Richard L. Evans,

business in the pensive 261 world?—Managing Editor "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

C. Josephson, Marba the to find expect you Where may OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OFFICIAL ORGAN Associate Editor Laraine of in the name Day ASSOCIATIONS. DEPARTIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, George General Mgr. Q. MUSIC OF COMMITTEE, EDUCATION. future? MENT WARD 263

Cannon, Associate Lucy G. Mgr. TEACHERS. AGENCIES OTHER OF THE CHURCH AND

Business Orton, K. Mgr. J. SAINTS. OF JESUS CHRIST LATTERDAY OF the basketball new Men Who M

champions are? 264

How the Church stands today? 268

The extent and nature of the changes made by Joseph Smith his revision in Bible? of the 270JPul dtt&iL (poqsL

In fields the what Plan Welfare

The President's Conference Message Heber J. Grant 267 made notable progress during

1939? 273 How one mother won independence for her children—and incidentHow the Church Stands Today William Mulder 268 ally for herself? 274

Moon Lake Stake Reports Edwin L. Murphy 272 What famous centennial May 10,

1940, will mark? 276 Welfare Progress—1939 Roscoe W. Eardley 273

The Mormon Battalion in New Mexico Kenneth Allen 278 Why New Mexico is especially interested in Battalion Mormon "Millennial Preston 281 Nibley The this history year? 278 is the Evidences and Message Reconciliations—XXV.Star"What

story the of founding The of the of Testament? A. 289 the Old Widtsoe John

"Millennial Star"? The Church Moves On 286 Music Page: Tempo, Frank W. 281

B. Cecil Gates Writes Useful Mutual Asper..'Messages:...304 Whatthroughis meantsacrifice"?by "atonement282 297 Cantata

of Champions New M Men of the newest stake The to be name 298: Melchizedek Priesthood Basketball, 264 Les Goates organized in the Church? 286 301 Aaronic Executives 305 302 Message Ward Teacher's has been to the head named Who Explorers 307

Anti - Liquor - Tobacco CamJuniors 307 Tahitian Mission? 286

paign 298 Scouts means are in used 308 What the Old Word of Wisdom Review....302 BeeHive Girls 308 its to Testament teach great

Patriarch Joseph Bennett 300 Field Photos. 306, 307, 308 truths? 289

How we may unwittingly impair SpLQOJOlL JsbcdjuAM. a child's personality developIII of The Inspired Revision ment? 291 the Bible—Part

Sperry Sidney B. and Merrill Y. VanWagoner 270 Thesinging?importance of tempo in hymn-3 04

Black"The "Penny What is being planned for June The Common Conference? Source of Religious Truth—V*JamesAtonementI, Wyer 276 Through Sacrifice Milton R. Hunter 282 305

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Building Personality

lin S. Harris, Jr 259 Through Speech Training, EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefacts 260 Deta P. Neeley 291 OFFICES:

New Channels For War Money, The Cook's Corner, Barbara B. 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Utah.

Jasper B. Sinclair 261 Burnett......293 Copyright 1940, by Mutual Funds. Inc.. a CorAs Hollywood Sees Laraine Index to Advertisers 316 poration of the Young Men's Mutual ImproveAssociation ment of the Church Jesus Christ of Day Latterday Saints. rights 263 Your Page and Ours 320 of All reserved. Subthe Book Rack 290 scription On price, in $2.00 year, a advance; 20c

single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, fcdiitfibafou Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

A Tenth of What? Richard L. Evans 288 authorizedfor in sectionJuly 2,1103,1918.Act of October, 1917,

The "Millennial Star"Richard L. Evans 288 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era isbutnotwelcomesresponsibleconAll manuscripts must be accompanied Indwelling Good Marba C. Josephson 288 tributions.

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

JjjctwtL, (posd/u, QjWAAltitfuL (pu%%lsL NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Fledglings Marge Stewart 274 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Values—Short Short Story Ruth Shirley 277 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Her Allotted Share Onda Marceau 280

THE AUDIT BUREAU OF Frontispiece: Renaissance, 285 MEMBER OF Poetry Page

CIRCULATIONS 266 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....318 Blanche Bodine

Poems by Young Writers 284 JhsL Qovsuc A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

This unusual seagull subject is the work of Arthur E. Nelson. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Dy sailing at an angle to the wind, ice play their characteristic activities someboats can travel faster than the where between freezing and one hunwind pushing them, because of the dred degrees Fahrenheit, some species small resistance of the runner on ice. are able to tolerate somewhat higher

> temperatures. A study of the life at a

At how high a temperature can anihot springs in Algeria disclosed that ** mate creatures live a more or less frogs were abundant up to 100.4 deBy FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. normal life? Though most animals dis- (Concluded on page 260)

"Dlood acquires its clotting property *-"in the lungs, a group of New York doctors have discovered. The explanation is that blood platelets are produced

in the lung. As the platelets undergo

disintegration they start the clotting process by releasing thromboplastin, which, with calcium present, changes prothrombin to thrombin, which acts on fibrinogen to form the clot fibers.

HPhe splitting apart of a fourlane * highway in New Jersey, to make two roadways separated by a dividing center strip, resulted in a reduction of fatal accidents of over eightythree per cent. \T7hat effect does the mute have on * * the sound of a violin? The main

variable in the mute is its weight; size,

material, and seating are relatively unimportant, though varying for the different strings. The mute tends to reduce the total intensity of the tone, not

in the fundamental but in the other partials at various levels. This change of

"harmonic structure"varies with the string, pitch level, character of the violin, and mute, according to Dr. C.

E. Seashore and collaborators.

Anticold vaccination reduced the "*"* number of colds by seventyfive per cent in three thousand people during an experimental year considered.

This reduction is in comparison with three thousand people who had not taken the vaccine. Taken by mouth

daily, this vaccine is made from germs found in cold patients, instead of the virus which causes colds.

TT7*iLL a rattlesnake cross a horsehair "* rope? Popular tradition says no,

but R. L. Ditmars of the New York

Zoological Park has published a picture to prove, if proof were needed, that it will. The only trouble was that

the red rattlesnake crossed and recrossed the horsehair lariat so many times it was hard to get him to hold STYLE NO. 5032

still for the picture.

,.4 THE THIS GAIETY OF YOUTHFUL SPORT FROCK sensitive currentmeas- extremelyAn IS TYPICAL THE I. K. M. OF CREATIONS, NEW** apparatus detect an uring can

electric current so small that only one FASHIONED FROM THE NEW LUXURY FABRIC—

electron passes along the wire in five CELANITA, AND FEATURING ORIGINAL HANDminutes. MADE TRIMS

blood of the of anTf some animal that Tailored to Perfection By The* is falling overexertion asleep from be injected into a fresh animal, the fresh animal will fall into a deep sleep. Intermountain Knitting Mills, Inc.

of experiment is oneThis the arguOGDEN, UTAH hypothesis of the used in favorments of sleepproducing fatiguepoisons. Write For Information J. EDWIN NELSON, President

.!

THE: IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

TELEFACT OF BRITISH FIGHTING FORCES COST jgk l. I. (PER MAN PER YEAR) PRESENTS m\ I in z THE NEW ARMY

FOOD. CLOTHING, MEDICAL, $2 400

QUARTERS MUNITIONS, TANKS. ETC.

NAVY

FOOD, CLOTHING, MEDICAL, $2 600

QUARTERS, MUNITIONS, SHIPS & REPAIRS

AIR

ever typewriter produced! GREATEST FORCE i Mb MA Jm Mk other sensaand Margin With MAGIC* r mr Wr <w mr tional this See of the Future. Features

sensational NewEasyWritingRoyal now. MEDICAL. FOOD, CLOTHING, $10,000 Sciencep. ServicePictorial.. B..., -.Statistics,,.,..Inc. 4 19 PLANES, ETC MUNITIONS, * Trade Mark

R0 YA1 WORLDNO.'."! * TYPEWRITER Exploring the Universe npHOUGHcan divenotto theeasily,bottomblackof as ducksmuch

{Continued from page 259) as ten feet of water to get food.

ROYAL TYPEWRITER CO., Inc. grees Fahrenheit, and were occasionTUTAVE women changed in their desire

ally at 102.2, immersion though found to interbeautiful? appear Two Office 20 Place Post in is at fatal latter temperature the esting objects the eleventh from Egypthat minutes. crustacean about ten A City, 5S08 Salt Lake ) Utah—Wasatch tian B. dynasty (about 2200 C. show

102.2 in not found below water was interests time. at the of that women

as in seen to degrees, water be was the fragment holdshows One woman. B. Logan, Utah EvertonGeo. degrees, hot 124.7 as left in ing mirror a she her while hand

. applies B. to her face K. a beauty cream Utah Petersen Ogden, f

cloth right hand. statue in her a with A of entire lung surface a normal.. TT'he. Provo, Utah D. A. Brown at Lisht having a found shows woman to estimated to has been be equal

. hair her her dressed while she nurses Richfield, T. E. Oneill. Utah feet the of thirtyone area squared on

a side. In a day of normal respiration baby.

the air breathed would fill a box measuring seven feet in each direction. Ctraw is as good a food for energy

* as hay, but cattle cannot digest straw. To overcome this problem some

Professor A. J. Bone found by a test English scientists soak straw in a onethat he could get fifty per cent more anaone-quarter per cent solution of

gasoline mileage over the same route caustic soda for a day. After the soda

on trafficfree Sunday mornings than is washed out, cows, sheep, and other WARNING he could, during the usual traffic concud-chewers digest the straw and grow gestion. fat on it. FIRE!

is no respecter of lives When it comes, qr property. Every year thousands of

lives are lost and millions of dollars worth'of property is destroyed by FIRE. TELEFAX!

S. IN U. A. (1939) JUVENILE CRIME RED COMET OF UNDER VOTING VOTING AGE ARRESTED AGE ARRESTED

The Modern Method of Fire Control, can property from your lives protect and one FOR MURDER forces. destructive most of the country's

This equipment is available in Manual and Automatic units. It is effective, ef88% PERCENT OF ALL CASES

ficient and economical to install. Don't

yrait, until it is too late. Prepare now

trains* Fire with RED COMET protection! ROBBERY

5 For information! write

fF Bed Comet, Inc. cj\

767 Red Comet Building BURGLARYLittleton, Colorado,-.-

or J. V. NELSON AUTO THEFTS City, -Salt 9th Utah Lake 403 North West

::; I 6 Wasatch \ Phone [.. \'\ 1CUo- J 1 39-W

#*, 54% Sdehce ServicePictorial Statistics, fncT. 12-5

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MA 19 40 NEW CHANNELS uThe Spoken Word"t&v WAR MONEY preserved for you on the printed page

By JASPER B. SINCLAIR

is the most expensive and the HILLS senselessWarmost in business the UNTO world. It has been estimated By RICHARD L. EVANS

that participation in our the World "beautiful,""thoughtpro- "inspiring,"financial a purely from War, standof adjectives the are only few of a voking"—these"Helpful,"point, cost the States United well portion in praise applied to "The Spoken Word"

excess of forty billion dollars. the Salt Lake Tabernacle program by thousandsof

The sum is so staggering that no one of listeners from coastto-coast.

can fully appreciate just what it repreNow for the first time these challenging comments are presented in book sents, of course. Had that money been form—over 250 of them! Now you can have them in your own library put to constructive uses in the developto read and reread—a book of deeplyrooted expressions of man's aspirament of the United States and the bettion for the highest. Unto the Hills is the most unusual and profoundly

terment of our citizens, the results effective inspirational book in years.

would have been unbelievable. Order your copy of UNTO THE HILLS from your bookseller today.

Here are some ideas on what this Harpers $1.50

money might have done in providing Tune in on the Salt Lake Tabernacle program. Station KSL, and other stations

individual economic security and adof the Columbia Network, Sunday at 9:30 a. m., Mountain Standard Time, and

vancing the general welfare of the nahear "The Spoken Word."

tion:A part of it could have paid the cost

of providing electric wiring for 9,400,- 000 American homes. It could also

have paid off all the farm mortgages in the United States. Ten billion dollars

would have paid both these bills in full.

Another billion and a half dollars would provide educational endowments and scholarships equal to those already in existence in this country.

Four schools, each representing a construction cost could of $250,000, SALE have been built in every the ZCMI MAY county in entire United States. That would take IN ALL AMERICA NO in all. $3,073,000,000

could also add a To this we oneOTHER SALE LIKE IT milliondollar airport for every county in the United States. That would account for exactly $3,073,000,000 more, No other store in America offers you such reductions on qualspread over our three thousand and ity merchandise! Not for another year will you find such value!

seventythree American counties.

We can allot another five billion dollars from this farreaching fund to provide adequate flood and soil erosion prevention in the districts that are most vitally concerned in such a program.

A little less than five billion dollars would set up the finest trust fund in the world. Invested at three per cent,

it would provide a monthly sum of $100 '.,.::, ':--: 'SReS.; '.-,;.:..>:.::.;. *&: j

for every person in the United States who suffers the handicap of blindness or deafness.

Thus far we have not nearly ex- r hausted the total of money expended There are many who suffer loss in the conduct of a useless war. Out

still of disthe at our remaining money Be prudent posal, build can Canals we ten Panama or ten projects. Boulder Dam Avert it by

this add one hundred To we might bridges each equal in cost and size to INSURANCE New York's Triborough bridge. Or

build can bridges two hundred we each This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

in size equal Francisco's cost and to San

Golden Gate bridge.

Diverted into these channels, the UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. money spent on American participation

in the World War would have done all HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

this—but it went for a war! mm

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

J TO UTAH FARMERS

Mrs. Emel Johnson (Lizzie Johnson she's mostly called)

is rated tops as a farmer in a section where farming is tops. She and her son, Harold, have operated the family's

400acre diversified crop farm in Franklin County, Kansas, since her husband passed on in 1932. "I used to call myself

a farmerette but now I guess I'm just a plain farmer,"says Mrs. Johnson. "All my life I've thought that a farm

was the best place in the world to live. We've got a good

farm in a state that's hard to beat—this is home and I'm

proud of it!"When I told the Johnsons I'd like to print

their story they were glad to oblige. What they told me

is set out here with—Yourtheir fullSafewayapproval.Farm Reporter

MOTHER AND SON TEAM

MAKES GOOD

Harold Johnson is an active member of the Young Farmers Club, started in nearby

Ottawa a couple of years ago. Mary Johnson, his wife (not shown here) also

belongs to this club. Harold is an experienced farmer with a good head for figures. 190 acres of the 400acre Johnson place, he told me, are in growing crops,

the balance being in pasture and prairie grass for cattle and livestock.

"In an average year,"said Harold, "we'll get about 2000 bushels of corn from 65 acres—1650 bushels of wheat from 55 acres—1500 bushels of oats

from 30 acres—and 60 tons of alfalfa from 30 acres. Another 10 acres are

planted to grain sorghums. Our livestock provides additional cash income. We

have about 50 head of Herefords, a halfdozen dairy cows, and we'll sell off about 60 shoats a year. What with one thing and another we can generally

market the year 'round and that's something my mother is especially good at."

"AS a little girl,"Lizzie Johnson told me, "I had and I try to run ours—that I enjoy dealing with

the principle of 'waste not, want not'drummed them. Anyway, I know the Safeway people are okeh. A

into my head, and I contend nothing truer was ever I've sold things to them and bought groceries from said. We've tried to follow that idea on our farm. them for a good many years.

"Take this land, for instance. We've terraced "For my eggs, fruit, potatoes and the like

nearly every acre to prevent soil erosion. We feed Safeway always pays a fair price—at least the marour land with nitrates and phosphates, till it with ket and often better. It seems to me that the direct

modern machinery, rotate crops and diversify. All way Safeway operates is a real help to their store

this means a lot of hard work but Harold and I customers as well as to producers. It means a money

figure it pays out in the yields we get. saving on good quality foods and I guess that's

"Maybe it's because the Safeway people run their something people are always glad to get."

business efficiently and without waste—like Harold THE SAFEWAY FARM REPORTER

m

The Johnson place is spic and span, with neat white buildings and wellcared-for land. Whitefaced Herefords feed in the

rich pastures surrounding the farm, along with quite a number of sheep and hogs

W&SBM I figure FULLERQa. dlolhfivood. $ssa. quality PAINT

adds many times its cost to the LARAINE DAY value of my home.

To serversHollywoodLarainecolumnistsDay isanda sinob- cere, lovely, and hardworking girl, rapidly rising toward stardom—but

to members of the Church in southern California she is a devoted member of the Church and an exemplary young woman, until recently drama director of Long Beach Ward M. I. A., onetime winner of a Los

Angeles Stake Church History class award for a twoand-onehalf-minute talk, and onetime member of a dramatic cast which took allChurch

LARAINE DAY honors at June Conference in Salt

Lake City. Her former bishop, Edwrites: "She Anderson, H. of February ward Beach Sun Long the the in her continued Jr.,work has PRIDE of the extensive an appeared 1940, to be... is a young Church womanIn 16,

story by Frederick C. Othman, respected, and has remained comUnited Press writer, from which we pletely in touch with her former

the notwithstanding companions NEIGHBORHOODquote to status has which changed come met today cease and never we Wonders

I to bereason her. every have... actress, movie a centerin of Hollywood the you spend on Every dollar is reprethat lieve she everything never has too, one, beautiful a whoand

article to."the in referred sented is preservation cigarette. property cocktail nor atasted smoked a

excerpts from reproduce here We is a She is Laraine Day. Her name yields that investment an concernsyndicated recent columns the.. Latterday. of of the Churchmember

ing (Johnson). Laraine Day rich returns in to enhanced and a missionary, She'sSaints. engaged

her. for Only respect the greatest havewe

of her valuation and public esthat a girl surprisedwe're a little is the in teem. background andtemperament

tell the Latterday us about more some movies. all the ancestors Saints. came way Her init she all surprising,"isn't at "But the join to to Africa Utah from South smoke, drink, nor don'tsisted. "Mormons all the their in lost said they She Church. PAINTS theater, the to objections have they nobut didn't mind. they doing, but

I received fact In pictures. motion tonor old if converts ever an anybody And plays, in first experience Church stagemy like rather us, would agnostic we'd be WALLPAPERS of in a charge in I'm here Hollywoodand else know. than anybody Miss weit Day thelittle sponsored theater group by

Church."Angeles the Examiner Los "Crom of CLASS incidentally, a grandhad Miss Day, in 17, the column 1940, * March fiftytwo six wivesfather and had who Pars*ons, Louella mo- O. conducted by...children. Miss Day, whose real name is Laraine tion picture editor of International MIRRORS

Johnson, is hazeleyed, barely twenty, and News Service, we quote: your Brighten home up the of brightest of M-G-M's youngerone is naturally is nineteen, Laraine, who

...stars. foreneigh- being these days, after your on air walking and beautify

is femleading playing she Currently 1940. of stars the of coming cast as one high quality with borhood Beautiful,"in roleinine "And One Wasthe girl, afis with natural simple, no a She

if everopposite Robert Cummings. And outlook fectations, on a wholesome and PRODUCTS. FULLER

fact the living of examplethere a was these in is that life, refreshing decidedly which a girl needn't be wild to succeed in Hollyjitterbug days. I had to smile to myself

wood, she is it. when I thought how different Laraine is See your local

Little than a year more she was ago created star pressagent the of some from

Beach, apherliving parents with in Long honest, with FULLER PAINT DEALER ago. years She is thoroughly

pearing in Long Beach Community Playno pretension of glamour....

a going ers with young productions and in school high graduated P. from She was & CO. W. FULLER actor, Ferguson, Burnettamateur who

in California, appeared Beach, and Long in living his a ushering movie.earned by City Salt Lake and Ogden, displays, Martyn amateur Marty when to Mormonism, converted him Laraine

to her get hard her worked and covered Utah is the currently spreading Gospel heand disin the movies. she thought been had is in Pennsylvania. the of She Church

said but she coach, covered an by IM-G-M that. ofproud

all, pictures in thirteen and has she made in playing "Lost HoriMiss was Day.,. first at Paramount. her one was talent at a Metro Beachzons"when Long

scout saw her a year and a half ago. She Her name, Johnson, was changed to Day

came to Hollywood at his behest and has because of a great admiration she had for the late Elias her coach, dramatic Day, salary ever since. earning a large been and FULLR

conflict thought, might Johnson, the tenets M-G-M In with accordance of Mormonism she tithes this wage, giving ten with Rita Johnson.

per cent of it to the Church, and she is Laraine was born in Utah, and when I glad to be able to give so much. asked, "Are you a Mormon?"she said: PAINTS

She makes a practice of going to Church "Yes, my family are all Mormons."

every Sunday, and sometimes twice, once in I shall watch Laraine's career with infor for I believe starshe is headed and again at night. She never terest, the morning

it's find coffee refreshing drinks or tea. to a (asf\ Moreover, dom.

She's as pretty a girl as we ever saw, young girl so unaffected and so lacking and as intelligent, and soon she's going to in artificiality.

NEW CHAMPIONS OF

M MEN BASKETBALLBy IMS GOATES Editor, it Quet! Sports Deseret News Keep

k NE hundred and sixty Mutual Improvement Association basketball players pitched 812 field ogoals as approximately 6,200 fans OILPLATE looked on at the biggest and best M

Men tournament ever conducted in the long history of this great and colorful your engine at boyscage tookclassic.part Somein the eight1940 campaign,thousand

which had its big finale in the Deseret

Your Mileage Gymnasium March 20 to 23.

The tournament was an elaborate

Merchant's expressionative M. I.of A.a loftyactivity.idealismThein chamrecre-

pionships set up a new standard, not

Conoco Station only in the stellar type of basketball presented but also in the very sporting manner in which the members of the

it far Indeed, not have been would all the amiss to presented squads haveCONOCO GERM PROCESSED OIL sixteen teams conducted themselves.

with sportsmanship trophies.

Lovell West Ward of Wyoming made it an M Men holiday by garnering both the championship prize and the coveted Deseret News sportsmanship award. Coach Reed Colvin's

husky and energetic Indians pursued a hectic trail in riding to the top. In

climbing to the uppermost heights of

M. I. A. sports competition, Lovell

6 cu. foot swamped Richfield First, 55 to 37;

came from behind to nose out Union

Standard Model of the South Salt Lake District, 29 to 27; trounced South Bountiful 42 to 30;

and in the titular test barely eked out a 35 to 33 victory over Provo Fourth.

Here is the big basketpitching joust

REFRIGERATOR in FirstresumeDay—Union 27, Springville First

Completely Installed 25;Stirling,LovellCanadaWest 24,55, SouthRichfieldBountifulFirst 37;35;

Elmhurst, Oakland 28, Logan Fifth 21;

EASY TERMS Tempe, Arizona 23, Maywood, Los Angeles 40; Harvard, Salt Lake City 40,

24 MONTHS TO PAY Pocatello, Idaho Third 26; Ogden Eighteenth 49, Enterprise, Utah 45; Provo

CASH DISCOUNT Fourth 29, Portland 26. Second Day (Quarterfinals)—South

Get the refrigerator that's Bountiful 34, Elmhurst 32; Maywood 34,

29; Lovell Harvard 29, Union 27; West

permanently silent.... 25; Provo Fourth Eighteenth 42, Ogden

Tempe 41, Pocatello Third 39; Springville

41, Richfield 37; Logan Fifth 60, Stirling

Fourth Third Day (Semifinals)—Provo MOUNTAIN FU E L 5 U P PLY COMPANY 35,14; Enterprise 49, Portland 33. 29; Lovell 42, South BounMaywood

tiful 30; Tempe 49, Enterprise 47; Logan

29, Fifth 30, Springville First 19; Elmhurst 23 Utah Salt Lake Ogden Serving

23; Eighteenth Harvard 42, Union Ogden Communities Provo

47, Fourth 33; 35, Provo Maywood

Bountiful 29; 49, Elmhurst WEDDING Harvard INVITATIONS LovellSouth Oil Fifth 44, 33. 35; Logan Tempe Later if Desired)NOVIM(Commence Final Day (Championship Results)- AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

$25. Discount on a Complete 100 for $4.50 Several departures from previous

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE White paneled invitations with two enroutine in conduct of the tournament

A State Accredited School velopes; choice of Script or Old English added new interest: One change in

qualifying fans procedure gave Printing 24 Service Men Hour M -when Postage prepaid remittance accompanies prelimof greater City Salt Lake twoOgden School of Beauty Culture order

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH inary or district meets to establish enfinals. tries Instead for the allChurchName DANCEHOVEYPROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONSPRESS big climactic interest in the of reducing

Address.City Stale 25 East No. Temple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9672 fray, these two regional playoffs ac264

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

PHLflCE HOTEL AS WORLDFAMOUS AS

1940 CHAMPIONS BASKETBALLIN WORLD'SCIRCUIT LARGEST ards, and John D. Giles put over the Lovell West Ward M Men, Wyoming's representatives M Men tournament without a hitch.

in the AllChurch M. I. A. basketball tournament, Fourteen supervisors, scattered

plains country Stateheaded bach of the Cowboy to the

It title. experts that throughout the vast M. I. A. domain, is saidwith the by basketball

the Wyoming team is one of the finest coached aggredid valiant service in conducting their classic.gations the Salt Lake suites, The respective schedules, rooms and playoffs, and inSpacious hand-

(left right) tochampions row competitions. terregional Jorgenson,: Lynn Viola Sponsor somely furnished. everare—fronttoReedcomeColvin,toDoerr, Coach Francisco's San

row: Burnham. Second ElmerNorman Doerr, Bob At the conclusion of the meet Sutraditionally famous cuisine in the Asay,Tolman, Boice Brown, Brownie Wyoming

George Q. MorrisBrown, Manager L. Gwinn. Last row: Don Rogers, perintendent preunique Garden Court. This hotel's

Wilmer Burnham. individual sented the General Board is central location most conveniently

teams, to the Lovell and awards Provo intually rivaled the the event main editor sports Goates, of and Les The situatedfor the 1 for940allExposition.transportation, and offered of play as asstandard well presented trophies in Deseret team News,

attendance. donated by this newspaper to Lovell

A unifying gesture, introduced last for the championship and best sportsseason, was the banquet given in honor manship, and to Harvard Ward as of all the players and coaches. Here Salt Lake District champions.

George Q. Morris, General SuperinNews staff reporters headed by Lou

tendent of the Young Men's Mutual Jeffs and assisted by Mack Corbett,

Improvement Association, explained the Conrad Harrison, and Les Goates, real purpose of the basketball pronamed the following allstar teams for To Beautify and gram, congratulated the players on their The Improvement Era:

clean and capable performances, andurged an even closer observance of First Team Second Team Protect Your

M. I. A. ideals. Lynn Doerr, Forward Grant Clove,

Lovell Enterprise It of the consensus coaches and was Home—Olsen, Forward Doerr, Ray Normcritics this the that seateams Men M Harvard Lovell scienthe cleanestson played most and Jensen, Irv Center Roland Cleverley,

tific ball in the long of annals of brand Provo So. Bountiful

sport.the the first time the For intriDick Luntz, Guard Don Rogers, WITH checking, screening,cate art of pivotLovell Maywood

post shooting, and other innovations Mel Briggs, Guard Albert Gilbert, studied closely by students of the Logan Provo Bennett's efinbasketball observed sport, was

OUTSTANDING PLAYERS 1940 tourfective execution. of the Reports M OF CHURCH MEN BASKETBALLIN VAST REALMAS

nament physician, Dr. David E. Smith, SELECTED BY THE "DESERET NEWS"

AllChurch basketball stars M. are 'Tropprhh of 1940 fact the in thebrought out that never

pictured below. (left TheyI. A. are right): to Ray Olson

the athletes thehistory of event were of Harvard, Roland Jensen of Fourth, Provo Lynn

Doerr, of Lovell, Melvin Wyoming, Briggs of Logan Jnsnrancrvin physical condition. such superb

Dick and Luntz California. of Maywood, Briggs C. Warner, Reed Homer H. RichandFifth, Luntz are the guards and Jensen, center.

66 lovely,Paintsexclusive shades and tints—the only paints specially CLIMATE-TESTED FOR Intermountqin

use.

FREE!

Beautiful new 4-color folder on Color-Styling. Shows proper treatments of exterior and interiors. Your

name and address on margin of this ad will bring your copy by return mail.

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO.

SALT LAKE CITY

RENAISSANCE

DID nota Really live Until my son s Small cry first Swept aside The cloak of self Which wrapped me in.

Till then, The days slipped by, A glittering chain Of golden sun And silver rain, The hours but jewels Set in its exquisite length.

Strange that One weak cry Of his Could pierce the fog Of pain and suffering Which numbed me Into some far Place of half forgetting!

Strange that hearing, I should suddenly Be born myself: 1}

Become a being, Seeking not To breathe of life That I, myself, Might laugh and weep, But that His frail claim To laughter And to tears Should surely strengthen Into years Of blessed growth And ecstasy of living!

By BLANCHE BODINE

...j...

266 Photo fcu Dr. Wayne B. Hales.

tf/iB EDITDRB PBGE JhiL (pMAxdswiiiu onpiMnoL

(omplete text of two messages received from President Grant and read at the 110th Annual Conference.

jjut&t vyfa&mtpL have been formed of late and the reorganization

officers in the present of with cess regret that stakes and on the not I sincerely I am the new To the Saints in Conference Assembled: of our general boards. I earnestly pray for the sucis growing. conference. Zion several boards. Truly of meeting our at this opening you

I know of the spiritual uplift that will come to you. I sympathize with our young people because of

Through the years I have always counted it a great the temptations that beset them. I urge them as I

blessing to participate with my brethren and sisters always have to live the Gospel of Jesus Christ fully.

in General Conference. In that way they will have health and happiness and

I left home on the 26th of January and attended will meet with success in this life and will have an the dedication of the Mormon Battalion Monument eternity of joy in store for them in the life to come.

at San Diego and was one of the speakers, experi- I bless them with courage to meet the problems that encing much liberty in my talk. These proceedings lie ahead.

were a great tribute to the achievement of our It is a joy to me to bear again my testimony of people. I was pleased with the talk of Brother my absolute knowledge of the divinity of the work

Andrew Jenson. I also enjoyed the M. I. A. meetin which we are engaged and of the divinity of the

ing in the evening. I afterwards attended the conSavior and of the divine work of the Prophet Joseph

ference at Inglewood Stake. In the morning I Smith.

didn't feel well enough to speak but spoke in the I was grieved to hear of the passing of Elder afternoon for about forty minutes with perfect Harold G. Reynolds, who has been in charge of the

liberty. That night I was feeling poorly and the transportation in our missionary system. He was

next morning was removed to the hospital for a true Latterday Saint. May our Heavenly Father

medical attention and treatment. The treatment bless and sustain his wife and children.

there was successful. I was very glad I had Broth- I most earnestly pray for all the general and

er McKay call on me in the hospital and give me a local officers both in the Priesthood and the auxblessing and I am grateful beyond expression for iliary organizations and for the advancement of the the faith and prayers of the Saints. I know of a work of God, and I send my love and blessings to

certainty that your prayers have been heard and the Saints at home and abroad. Amen. Read at

answered in my behalf. the opening session, Friday, April 5, 1940.

I am very grateful that now I can be around exercising resting, at times but mostly working and SsxjwuL TflsLUkaqsL of myself to the taking care end that I may realize full recovery. the a middle About J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and David O. of March

hospital to the the grandnephew, from home I moved Presidentsr McKay. of my

Del Grant, where I have been comfortably located Care Mormon Conference, Salt Lake Tabernacle, and have been improving in my health every day Salt Lake City, Utah.

making really astonishing advancement, according I cannot adequately express the joy that came to the doctors. from listening in on this morning's session of con-

I had hoped at least to speak to the conference by ference. It came through wonderfully clear and

radio, but the doctors feel it unwise to subject mywas a spiritual feast in which many friends here self to that great strain. They feel too, that it would joined. I was especially pleased that President

be better to regain my strength before making an McKay was able to speak with such ease. I am

attempt to return home. Therefore, I shall remain looking forward with great anticipation to this

here for a few weeks more. The doctors feel it a afternoon's session in which I shall join with* you

matter of wisdom for me to stay here another few in spirit. I am feeling fine today and improving

weeks even though there would be little danger if some every day. Please convey again to the Saints

I were to return home now. I send my love and my love and blessings.

blessings to all the Saints and pray that you may HEBER }. GRANT.

have a time of rejoicing during conference. Read at the dosing session of conference, Sun-

I have been made happy by the new stakes that day, April 7, 1940.

THEHOW

CHURCH STANDS TODAY By WILLIAM MULDER

Ctatistical Report and Highlights from the 110th annual conferENCE. Photo Courtesy The Deseret News.

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT PHOTOGRAPHED

For the second time in twentyBEFOREHE HEARDTHECONFERENCERADIO IN LOSSESSIONS.ANGELES, WHERE

two years, President Heber J. Grant,

General ConferenceTHEAnnualOne Hundred and Tenth resting in California after a recent equal forthrightness themes of lastpeace, of of ing Gospel of illness, rejoicbut, not present; was import—the met in Salt the Church, which love, repentance. and of faith and of ing in the strength and wisdom

5, 7, April 6, andLake City, at the great general heard Messages was his counselors, President Reuben official ofwritten dual record into the gatherings in the Tabernacle and in Clark, President J.David Jr., and O.

report and unforgettable personal McKay, he eagerly followed conspecial Priesthood and departmental experience as a conference the April made proceedings ference His sessions by radio.

ful, significant, gathering—powerfaith-promoting pleading, of praise a time of and Saints to the Latterday message

where men and women seeking to was read at the opening session. encouragement and warning, of supserve God and their fellow men (See page 267. plication and implication. What

plain found, of speech in terms and glorious failed convey, to words First exception the of the With is inspiring that music, the Gospel Choir, did: the Tabernacle music councils leading of the Presidency,

still inherprecious man's most choruses Brigham from Young and fully represented, and, were Church itance. College. Ricks University and is in the unique hundred what one

and ten years of Church history, all Bright with early spring beauty

MISSION AMERICAN EUROPEAN AND PRESIthe presidents from the European and refreshed by nightly rains, DENTS AT GENERAL CONFERENCE THE

Seated, left to right: Don B. Colton, Frank and North American missions were Temple Square and the group of

Joseph A. Israelsen, Jacobs, Evans, John M. Douglas

Peterson, E. A. Richard Thomas Wood, McKay, in attendance. European mission buildings at Church headquarters

Wallace F. Toronto, Mark B. Garff, and A. C. Rees. presidents had returned to the furnished the setting for the exleft L. Christiansen, Standing, to right: EIRay

J. Muir, Seegmiller, Orlando C. United States subsequent to last tensive program of activities which Leo William W.

Williams, David A. Broadbent, David A. Smith, W. September's evacuation order. began daily in the early morning

Merrill D. Clayson, John F. Bowman, Aird Macdonald,

Jr., Preston Nibley, William Lorenzo Conference addresses, enriched hours and found delegates attending A. T. Tew,

Anderson. by the fresh narration of missionary general sessions, departmentals, spePresident picture the taken: when Absent was

Levi B. Brown. experiences, dealt fearlessly with iscial Priesthood meetings, seminars, President and Edgar Young Hugh

Deseret News Staff Photo. sues of the hour and treated with Welfare gatherings, foreign Ian268

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

guage conferences, reunions, demonstrations, exhibits, pageants, concerts, entertainments—a superlative

display of faithmotivated "works."THE FIRST

Notable was the inclusive exhibit of PRESI DENCY the Church Welfare Plan open daily AS THEY APat the Bishop's Central Storehouse, PEARED IN revealing phases of the work in operINCONSULTATIONLOS ANation and results of the Plan GELES A FEW throughout the stakes of the Church DAYS BEFORIE during 1939The Genealogical THE GENERAL

Society of Utah commemorated at CONFERENCE.

the Friday night session the one A. P. Photohundredth anniversary of the comcorporated.Pictures Inmencement of baptisms for the dead

in this dispensation; the Primary

Association portrayed its place and purpose in the program of the Church; and the Deseret Sunday

School Union staged its demonstration as the grand finale of the three crowded days of general conference, which had been preceded by the annual twoday convention of the Relief Society.

For the thousands who came from far and near to listen and learn, and to contribute, the One Hundred and

Tenth Annual General Conference of the Church was truly a time of spiritual refreshment.

The Church annual statistical report follows:

ANNUAL CHURCH REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENT

The expenditures by the Church for the year 1939: Stake and Ward Purposes

For the erection of meetingcharitable purposes, inAmount of voluntary fast ofhouses and for ward and cluding hospital treatment. ferings and welfare contristake maintenance expenses-$l, 544, 357.99 (From tithing funds only. butions:

Included in Church Welfare Missionary Work Program) 429,982.89 In wards:,

Cash..$ 401,232.71 theFor maintenance and oper62,147.55 Total.....$4,201,668.97 Commodities ation all the missions, of and

taken has been from for the erection of places of Which

In missions: the tithes other and Church buildings worship and other

in the missions 1,171,272.56 funds and returned by the Cash 32,466.07

Trusteein-Trust to the Education Saints for the maintenance Total (all expended for and operation of the stakes relief) $ 495,846.33

Expended for the maintenance and wards, mission activiof the Church school system 801,414.73 ties, for the maintenance Disbursed to the needy by the

operation of and Church for direct Relief Society asschools for and temples, Temples in their i - sistance homes and hospital buildings, relief and

Expended for the maintenance assistance. for general welfare purand operation of temples.... 239,457.65 poses, such as surgical apCHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM pliances and preventive and

Hospitals Church membership, stakes corrective health work $ 93,256.25

for the erectionExpended and missions and 803,528 For carrying the general, on of hospital improvement of Church Number members welfare, and educational buildings (included in paid fast voluntary ofwho the of program Relief SoChurch Welfare ferings 15,183.15 Program) welfare and conciety 293,305.77 tributions to the help needy:

Relief In Assistance wards 230,528 from the Expended tithes for missions In 20,908 local relief general and 285,902.89 in theFor direct aid care of

the worthy poor and other Total 251,436 (Continued on page 314)

JfaLQjnApihs&suvL6Jum.0tPi&

When the Prophet came to the { Continued from April issue Psalms, which contain some of the most difficult Hebrew texts in the HI BIBLE BY Bible, he made changes in fortysix the total and fifty, one hundred did Smith Joseph Prophet The B. SPERRY of DR. SIDNEY changing hundred some one and books the missing of restore anynot AND fiftythree verses. changes vary The 25, Bible. in the Junementioned On

from complete rearrangement of the1 833, seven days before ceasing the MERRILL Y. VAN WAGONER

work of revision, the Prophet stated material to the correction of a single in a communication to the brethren word.

lost, iginal, series of changes unusual manuscripts very and now A the found not havein Zion, "We of in chapter the interpolations that not are these seventh was made of other nor any Jasher, ofBook of the imagination. numbers his the products of Nehemiah, where own Bible in the mentioned lost booksthe captivout of individuals the Prophcame changes made by who The at obtain will them yet; noras we in ity et distributed changed were evenly from Babylon are not the Church (Historypresent."of verses. Bible. twentyone the about In throughout the Old book the as books Such1:363.) verses as twice were the many most numerous Over and Testament in days the keptof Remembrance

in as the in Testament changed are important Genefound most New the Covenant, of the bookof Adam, 1,453 in sis, with the approximately restoring Old, two besides where, Lord, of the of thethe 1 book Wars for former the and verses changed verses, changthe Prophet hundred the of the book of Uzziah,the Acts for ninetythree six the eightyeight hundred and one and ed hundred of Jehu, the book Shemiah,Prophet is latter. to the perhaps due to material This others adding much by restored to be yet remain othersand

2 the of care taken greater Hebrew restorations of extent the them. The

it necessary. Lord deems thewhen long to the in peillus- contrast scriptures is in better perhaps Genesis found are which books now The susconfusion of riod change that approximately stating and trated by colif been Bible, had theyin the the of manuscripts tained the the In by were added. 12,650 words after soon volume into onelected found changes Testament. the of The other books New Pentateuch—the still in while written andthey were for account in four verses Gospels the sixtyone Hebrew Law—only completeness, would originaltheir verses, hunfour with altered 1,036 likewise are but they are changed,

have formed a somewhat larger important. Next in importance in dred and seventeen changed verses King present James the thanbook Epistles, in the Acts, and Revelain the of Teschanges Old the number by made changesversion. The tion together. changes were is Isaiah, one hunwherein More tament addiare primarilyProphet Joseph than of Gospel Matthew fiftysix in the verses were made dred, and extremean onlytions. removed He in combined, three other Gospels the to the out round message changed the from of wordsly small number of fiftyone five and with hundred twelve this prophet. great The to of is contrarytext. evidence This in or of verses Matthew, the 1,071 are prophets, socalled minor who

critiof textual accepted axiomthe half of the Gospel over other inof words the because thus not named shortest the that holds whichcism changed. being of The Matthew, their bebut significance work, of

equal, being other thingsmanuscript, fairly contain a three other Gospels of their scope the small cause of correct andis the most nearly the of changes. to even Of number have least writings which come down

corrupt and that copyists have a us, received very few changes. Here other sections of the New Testatendency to insert a large amount approximately eighteen verses only ment, only the Second and Third

of new material. The restorations were altered and in most instances Epistles of John were not revised

by the Prophet are strong evidence, the changes were of slight imporby the Prophet.

however, that the Bible, in its long tance. There is a qualitative difference

process of copying and translating, in content reductionsuffered word. VII, CHAPTER >f to immeasan in meaning henceand Plra"raoH,*..7 ago...,10 lj Mis to go to His encouraged is I Moses it sufferthan greater degree urably serpent....! Pharaoh's heart S is is harden- a into turned rod I

copyinsertions by spurious fromed is tarried Into hfeod. river 9: ed....! The

ists or editors. "'said unto Moses,3f I have Wherever additions or changes ND the Lord

a god thee* made and i'A the language made, beenhave prophet. thy shall is as that of he b brother to PharaonMV and lifofi thy style the same used the |

original author in whose book the J V2 Thou shalt c speak ail that I com&aBdlhec; ami

change is made, as far as that can I Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaokihat he

EXOF all of A PART example, determined. Forbe his Israel out of children of $ the send land.v TAKEN ODUS Isaiah, is style in of the Isaiah 29 d OLD FROM 7,THE heart, Pharaoh's and will harden: I mul I f i pi y w3 BIBLE And FAMILY to 3:2426 of addition the and e JOSEPH BY USED in I the land of wonders Egypt signs | and my my REIN of HIS SMITH is in the manner Matthew

OF VISION THE 1 shall yon, unto not hearken Pharaoh is further t#4 But This on. so and Matthew, BIBLE. NOTE THE

f? BEFORE MARKS brine; forth the inspiration and that through Egypt, evidence ppon lay hand may my tinm I AFTER THE AND

his NEEDING VERSES Smith made Prophet Joseph Israel of children the people out armies, of and | my PHOCORRECTION. orthe of authority the on changes PAGE TOGRAPH, I the by k great land of judgments*&& Egypt

.271, INDICATES

Enoch of Epistle Jude, in the statement "And 2The i shall REVISIONS that THE the Egyptians the know Yam 5 And | these, of prophesied the from also, seventh Adam, MADE. WERE THAT

thousand \vith ten the cometh saying, Behold, Lord forth I stretch Egypt, hand mine upon when LorDj restorations in the counterpart finds no his saints,"of this For of Enoch. the words of Prophet the by made a and bring out the children of Israel from among quoting from is it that probable Jude was reason,

book of Enoch which was widely known and used in diem.

the days of the early Church.;. And Moses and Aaron did as the Lord com-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

between the changes made in the

Old and those in the New Testament. the of Those Testament Old t+tc #4** *s(c*. &****? A PHOTOGRAPH OF *. My sjL.* REVISIONS THE essentially additionsare of material,J- C& s iS/ZcjLtvTC (XZ%*at* *., >><>?*'—* sfterS &*+-Zfx* fc MADE BY THE-"* 4i.?*ibs-S-+-ZV"J? 3l+Sc.'6>S

is textto a already which readable. -, EXPROPHET OF v-

e- * 7. IT WILL 0DUS *V plain. comparatively In conand ALSO BE NOTED,. jft *- <s"S -**"*- ofU+iojU.AS, tr-r&t. ** "v 8 /,c THAT EXODUStrast, anyone the has read who New

N C S ED &&**. especially Epistles, theTestament, TO* R RECT. BE C0 **&*MQ&.c-**S***> ywill that confrontadmit been has he, ri>*TF

ed by passages of great complexity, with frequent contradictions and obscure phrases. Here, as we expect,

the changes have, in practically every instance, served to untangle the text and lay open the meaning of the New Testament scriptures to full view.

SUMMARY OF CHANGES IN THE INSPIRED REVISION3,IX qj?/<u/*c

Old Testament: Verses Verses

Changed Added 200 249 modern scholars now have a much On the other hand, the plannedLaw

Prophets: better command of Hebrew and changes resulted from man's delibMajor 2 228 source material than did the King erate altering of the original text and

Minor 18 James translators. meaning to serve his own purposes

Writings 198 resulted unplanned changes The to preserve the the not and words of

Total Old Testament 202 693 inefficiency from the man's Price, and Lord. Pearl of (See Great

New Testament: frailty of writing materials. They Moses 1:41.) As well as being

Gospels 76 1036 came as a matter of course in the made known to Moses, this was also

Epistles, Total Newetc. Testament.... 793 1453417 translatingprocess of copying,the originalpreserving,manuscripts.and inmadea visionknownthetochangesNephi, whowhichbeheldwere

Total Bible 281 2146 Words, phrases, and sentences were to be made in the Bible. He saw a

passed over by the copyist or bebook proceeding from the mouth of

IV came obscured in the old manu- a Jew, and that it then contained scripts. restorations result either the by an The made of the gospel of the was "the plainness

else abbreviated or account in In- a meanLord, the apostles theTHEProphet twelve Joseph Smith of whom spired Revision show that two major ingless skeleton of the original text. bear record."He saw that "many

types of change took place in the An example of abbreviated text parts which are plain and most preBible from the time of its origin to may be found in Genesis 14:18. It cious"were taken away to pervert

the present. We may call them unreads the right ways of the Lord and blind

planned and planned changes. The And Melchizedek king of Salem brought the eyes and harden the hearts of

unplanned changes occur most freforth bread and wine: and he was the priest the children of men. He then saw

quently but it is the planned changes of the Most High God. the Bible come to America, where

which are of prime importance. The Inspired Revision renders it: many erred because of the plain and

An important point to be emphaprecious things having been taken it. Finally he saw the comingsized here is the fact that the scholforthAndbreadMelchisedek,and wine:kingandof heSalem,breakbroughtbread out of

ars who labored at the command of and blest it; and he blest the wine, he being forth of the Book of Mormon to

the truth of the Bible. (I the priest in 161 1 the to translateKing James of the4 most high God. (I. R., establish Genesis 14:17.) Nephi 13:2329,3840.)Bible into English honest and were

painstaking in their work. CompariFor some reason or another the It is not known who made these

son of their translation and of the words and he break bread and blest sweeping changes of text and docmanuscripts they had in their posit; and he blest the wine no longer trine or when they were made. The

session shows that they usually are found in the Hebrew text. original manuscripts have all distranslated correctly as far as they An example of meaningless text appeared. The earliest Hebrew

were able to do so. They made few is found in Philippians 1:21: manuscript of any considerable part

changes with the exception of addFor to me to live is Christ, and to die is of the Bible does not go beyond the ing the italicized words as demandgain. tenth century A. D. Hence, there is

idiom. the Englished Most by of a over a gap years bethousand (I. is R., verse given This 1:22) place corruptions or tookchanges oldest the important tween extant the by Prophet as Smith Joseph their scholsince time beforelong latest manuscripts the and Hebrew follows that as books,ars the agree Hebrew in of the books contained few it. A is to For to will of Christ; do the me today, been have them knowwe of fragments the Testament New is die, to gain. and live,my materiwithout to ushanded down early third as the as back cengo

al change since 100 A.D. Of course, In this the process of change is tury A. D., but it is estimated that

3Figures are closely approximate. Only those verses easily traceable. A few of the origat least ninetysix per cent of the

change. considered a definite which showhave been inal words survived, but the meanextant manuscripts of the Greek consisted in a simply the variation whereinVerses

destroyed. of ing to was suchspelling or change as change, show, shew Testament are later than the New in, preposition, to been etc, not inro havea as such

4 I. the in to the refers table R. as areincluded they throughout to the due Inspired above Revision of eighth century A.D.

to the of the Bible, theedition the Prophet Bible not published and used now Reorganized by Church

Joseph Smith. under the title. Holy Scriptures. (To be Continued)

LAKE STAKE REPORTSMOON AT programTHE beginningwe foundof ourthatWelfarea great feltTwoso discouragedof our bishops,thatsomethey timeaskedago,to many of our members were very GdtiswsivnsLnL be released, but later they took hold much dissatisfied and discouraged. A of our Church plan, and soon had men

feeling of unrest was among them, and Reported by Edwin L. Murphy, coming to Church who had not been

they felt that to better their living conPresident of Moon Lake Stake, at inside a meetinghouse for years.

ditions, they must leave our stake and General Welfare Meeting, April During the past year the Priesthood find new homes elsewhere. 6, 1940, in the Assembly Hall, has built two homes for brethren whose

This feeling spread so rapidly that it Salt Lake City, homes have been destroyed by fire became alarming, and caused the stake They accomplished this by going into presidency, Priesthood quorum leaders, supply from the Moon Lake reservoir. the mountains and getting out logs,

Welfare workers, and bishops of wards, A decrease of 75% of canned tohaving them sawed, and doing the great concern. matoes, corn, peas, etc., is now sent building themselves.

To determine the cause for this uninto our stake. The sisters are putting The Priesthood has purchased one

rest, a survey was made which disup their own. Our Agricultural and acre of ground at Altamont on which

closed these facts: 80% of the farms of Welfare committees have worked out our storehouse is to be built. Just

our stake had been sold for taxes; only a plan whereby the wards where toacross the street our stake is purchas-

2% followed a system of farming; few matoes grow well can exchange for ing eighty acres of land. We are cenhad done very little fall plowing or made peas, corn, beans, etc., from other wards tering on this plot of ground, building

plans for spring planting; little considerwhere these products grow well. all our enterprises there. We have a

ation was given to the adaptability of Plans are now under way for a small color scheme and all buildings will be seeds for our section of the state, many cannery, which will make these expainted alike. One of our committees,

just planting anything to cover the soil. changes easier. working for better home conditions,

The result of such farming gave but In order to carry our Agricultural made arrangements for government small return, making it necessary to ship plans out as we desired, it was necesaid in an electrification program, and in to our people the following in one sary to buy better and more machinery, now ninety percent of our homes have year: so we bought cooperatively with a electric power.

$17,800.00 in canned vegetables; $7,000.00 saving of $2,365.00 last year. Our road conditions were bad, so we

in bakery bread; 200 tons of flour, 50 tons In order to get more fall plowing appointed a committee to meet with the

of breakfast bacon, 85 tons of salt side. done, the committee met with the Relief state highway commission, county comAll of these should and could have Society sisters and asked them to talk missioners, and others, and after many

been produced at home with a saving of fall plowing to their husbands. meetings our main county road was

thousands of dollars. New homes could Our committee found that our greatmade an auxiliary state highway.

be built, remodeling done, better clothest income was from dairy products, Now we have a good gravel road to ing bought, and in general home conand not being satisfied with the price Highway 40.

ditions much improved. received for these products we organAt the present time we have another

To remedy this condition and make ized a cream pool and sold to one committee working on the housing our people selfsustaining, stake and creamery, thus getting a better price. problem.

ward committees were formed, these, In five months the organization paid to In the mountains north of us is an of course, to work under the direction the producers $4,020.00 as participating abundance of timber. This we plan, by

of the Agricultural committee of the dividends. Our committee is now planworking cooperatively, to put into the

Welfare Plan. ning a creamery of our own. sawmill to be sawed and planed by a

A survey of the farms was made to To better our dairy herds we have quorum group and made ready for new determine what seeds were best adaptculled our feeders and formed bull homes. Through the exchange of labor,

ed for each ward. Trucks were sent blocks, having three Durhams, two Jerwe shall be able to get our building mato Salt Lake to obtain certified seeds seys, three Holsteins, and two Hereford terials with very little cash outlay.

of various kinds. Realizing the costlibulls. The "touching of shoulders,"the

ness of good seed, the committee was Feed yards have been established to brotherly feeling that this work has very careful in placing the seed with handle our supplies of hay and grain brought about, not counting dollars and brethren who would take good care of feed for livestock, thereby putting on cents, is payment in full for all effort it, and in selecting plots of ground the market a finished product. The put forth in bettering our living conadapted for seedraising. brethren who have done this report that ditions. And today instead of the

During the growing season the select- a much higher price is obtained for their county owning eighty percent of our ed plots of ground were watched very feed, as well as for the livestock sold. land, our homes, this figure has been

carefully, and at harvest time we were Our Priesthood quorums and Agriculsubstantially reduced by cooperation of rewarded with an excellent variety of tural committee have tested various all agencies concerned.

good seed for next season's planting. feeds as to cost of production and feed

Last season the acreage had so invalue. To summarize:

for bettercreased, seed and the demand Relief Society been sisters have The notable progress by We have made greatbecome so to buy that we had for solidly Agriculture our behind and Welof the cooperation stake Agricultural distribution an additional $2,360 worth fare plan. For the Welfare last year Committee, Priesthood quorums, Relief

of good seed. they made fortytwo quilts, eighteen Societies, other Church auxiliaries, ExThis spring the acreage is still further being sent to Salt Lake City. They tension Service, Farm Security Adminincreased, but it is not needful to buy have gone from house to house helping istration, County Commission, etc., in

much outside seed as we are making an the sick and needy, and bettering livapplying a planned economy to family ourselves. ingexchange conditions. among wheat The living the on attempted have farm. We

it is thatyield has so increased not adult Aaronic Priesthood have The in fivepoint the operation to put proneedful to ship in a pound of flour, and played a big part in putting our program gram recommended by the General a good supply is now on hand. Two over. In cooperative farming, meetingChurch Welfare Committee, namely:

years etc., bushels of beautification, 23,000 ago they wheat were house have

1. of resources. Conservation ourmilled; last bushels year outlay, contributed 55,000 of the were cash 40% profitable Production of crops. more

milled, representing increase an the labor. of doing of and By 50% so a 3.2. Cooperative producing and marketing.

32,000 bushels. Much of this increase, 25% advancement in Priesthood activ- 4. Assisting men to become farm owners.

however, was due to an increased water ities has been brought about. 5. Making farm life more attractive.

WELFARE PROGRESS1939

iKotcJct fcritplovjntOtU

BY Thatmadesubstantialin the ChurchprogressWelfarewas ROSCOE W. EARDLEY

Plan during 1939 is evidenced Church Storehouse Supervisor by the reports given during the recent General Conference. Among

the objectives to be attained by the

Welfare Plan are the following: J

true of 1st: of the law development 1939 A W&

lbs. giving DuringChristian and receiving. 1,077,517 grain Flour and indicate that stakes average on an offerings fast paid persons 251,436 tons various 1939, 1,974 beets Sugar these persons engaged were more on 65% is contributions. lbs. This an inwelfareand 2,603,808 vegetables Potatoes and in in 1938. projects than 1939

fruits cans 900,909 and vegetables Canned

Meat and dairy products 301,728 lbs. 5th: The responsibility of all, and espeassist cially to of Priesthood quorums,.410,515.30 Cash lULo -U of the are members Church worthy who U Off.,-LU

to gainful to find not work, employed and operations carcanning which wolj'At'e; were LoturlourfoK./". The Ana im/

assist in the general rehabilitation of those the ried of direction largely under the on

Relief Societies, increased in 1938, 194% in need. Although the employment sta-

2.51, 43& over 1937; and in 1939, 34% over 1938. partstistics ofarethenotWelfareas comprehensivePlan, it wouldas otherseem

from the information available that there was a noticeable increase in the number of persons who were assisted to find employment in private industry, and also in the number who were helped to reestablish themselves in small business pursuits or agricultural projects. The number of un1955 employed employable persons seems to haveLLW decreased 26% in 1939, as compared with

1938. 6th: the produce within To Welfare of 1938.crease 66,681 over means That

those for Plan districommodities neededthat person average, than one an on more to the bution the needy worthy and unemin the contributed family of every Church assisting are in ployed welfare prowhoto their offerings. the through Plan Welfare

jects. There in increase the was a marked

variety, the as well as quantity, of items privilege fasting of 2nd: duty and The

produced. Plans already perhave been offerings. fast ofand the payment

it this fected to continue development and There M1537 1Wb in thehas increase a steady average been amount paid by the members of the Church is expected that during 1940, at least 75% all distributed of items storethrough our part of has the program developedsince the Welfare Plan was inaugurated. This now houses will be the produced within Welfare

point to the the the needs of where Welfare itself. Plan

Plan can be easily provided for. There was 7th: The responsibility of the bishops

U/t 0|[JMK.ci.'tor LapiIa and presidents of Relief Societies and of

bishop's counselors, who have direct charge of bishop's storehouses, to distribute

TmnueeJ &*& Corytxoautt;- promptly and without waste the things that

have been produced to those in need, During 1939, the number of storehouses into seventyone. The management 44 5 % mcrA/d1 ofcreasedstorehouses increased in efficiency, and

the work of the Relief Society organizations, which is charged particularly with family analysis and determining of needs of families, grew in importance as well as effi1335 1jlLL\)V\ Yffl ciency. W W

At the present time there are I the foods, year beforeIn 1935, clothing, the plan enough commodities, was an1536 for the average per capitanounced, Church fuel and to take care on hand of our the 1939, 22c. Inmembership was average present load until the new harvest is capita. This an increasewas 82.2c per

of 9c over 1938, and 27c over 1937. an increase in produce and commodities of shall come in this fall. Budget as58% in 1939, over 1938. signments for the winter storage

responsibility of Priesthood 3rd: The

Reliefquorums, Society organizations, and 4th: The furnishing of opportunities to period, beginning October 1, 1940,

other ward and stake units to accept and those who are being benefited under the have been made and are now being fulfil definite and productive welfare assignWelfare Plan to assist in the production both carried out throughout the Church.

ments. responsibility for for themselves others clothThis discharged food, of and was forPlan is moving Welfare The

fully other necessities during essentialmore and during than to health 1939 any ing, to the satisfaction of the Preof comfort.other period inward and which a record. have noticeable There a was we

Among the items produced were the folcrease in the number of persons participatsiding Authorities and all who are lowing: ing in welfare projects. Reports from the associated with it.

Fledglings

"B, 'iscuits?"Dan said."On a day like this? Great scott,

Lucy, it's a hundred and two in the shade!"JOCMApk/WjUA, paJdA.

Lucy glanced up briefly from the floured board and smiled at him. Her

face was damp and rosy from the By MARGE STEWART heat; her gray hair clung in little

wisps to her forehead and her cheek.

"The boys like them so well, Dan.

I don't mind."

"When I was young,"Dan grunted, "I ate what was set before me."

He seated himself heavily in his "YOUFIVE YEARSDIDN'T AGO.WANT YOUUS WOULDN'TTO GET MARRIEDLET US

IT WORK WOULD OUT. WE HAVE WONusual place beside the kitchen table. THEN. OH, THROUGH YOU WHY DIDN'TFrom his pockets LEAVE US ALONE?"inhe drew the

evitable travel folders, and loosening his tie, he settled himself and began to study them.

The smile on Lucy's lips slid to her eyes as she watched him. Dear

Dan, trying to be gruff; as if she

didn't know the whole purpose of his days was to see that his children didn't know the harshness, the poverty, the fierce struggle of his own youth.

She went across the kitchen and kissed his shaggy hair, touching a folder lightly with a floured finger.

"California?"she smiled. "Do you

suppose it's really as wonderful as they say?"She watched his slow

grin deepen the lines around his eyes.

"Either it is or they have some Remembering that day, Lucy did wonderful liars,"he chuckled. not hear the cab drive up, or SuLucy went back to the biscuits. sannah's high, clear voice. Dan

She sighed. They would go, of heard it. He stood up quickly, all

course, some day. Always they had the bright folders slipping from his

planned this visit to far places. But fingers to the floor. He said, his

not yet. Not while the children voice bewildered, "It's Susannah! K,SMin*

needed them. Of course, Susannah She's here?"

was married... the ache that her "But Susannah's in Chicago. Dan, "I couldn't bear it,"she wailed,

going had left stirred in Lucy's..."Lucy stopped short, her heart her words muffling themselves into

breast. But there was Joel. He must beginning a new and singing beat, his shoulder. "It was hot in that

have another chance at college. He knowing her daughter's step upon stuffy apartment, and I didn't know

wouldn't fail again... and Dale. the porch, knowing the very slam of anyone, and... and I'm going to

Dale and Carla would be married the screen door as Susannah's own. have a baby!"

soon, now that Dale's success was "Susannah,"she whispered and ran There was stillness in the hallway.

assured. Lucy cut the biscuits into out of the kitchen, through the din- "A baby!"thought Lucy. "My

neat little discs. It had not been ing room to the wide front hall. Susannah with a baby?"She lifted

easy, persuading them to wait. It was Susannah, tall and slim and her eyes to Dan, to share the wonder

"With both of us working,"Dale lovely in a sheer blue dress and a of this moment with him.

had cried, "it will be easy. We'll get smart, white hat. Susannah, her Dan said gravely, "I'm very glad

along."But it was Dale who had gentian blue eyes, swimming with for you, Susannah,"and then, with

seen how impossible it would be. tears, coming in a little rush to bury a note in his voice that Lucy had

How it might hold him back, a her head on Lucy's shoulder. never heard before, "But Ted?

lawyer just beginning. Dale, who Lucy made small murmurings in Wouldn't he rather have you with

had raged at first, had turned to her throat. him? Won't he worry?"

Carla. "They're right, darling. A Dan said, "Bless my soul, Susan- "I don't care,"said Susannah, resingle fellow can get in with more nah. We can't have this. Come sentment in the words. "I'm not gopeople. But I'll work like fury. and tell your old dad all about it."ing back. I told Ted if he wanted to

We'll be married the first biq case He held out his arms, and the girl keep me, he'd have to come here.

I get. turned and stumbled into them. He could get a job. I'm not going

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Susannah, "But that's wonderful,

Dale! Now you and Carla can get

married.""Yep,"said Joel, and helped himself to mashed potatoes, "the gal's patience is rewarded. A wedding

ring for five years of waiting."

Dale glared at his brother, and

Lucy spoke quickly, "Are you ready for dessert?"She changed their

plates. Dan's, she noticed, was

scarcely touched. She followed his

eyes to Susannah, and gave his shoulder a pat.

Joel gulped his apple pie, and pushed back his chair. "How's the

chances for a new tennis racket,

Dad? Mine's shot, and I'll need a

new one for the finals."

Dan shook his head, "You won't have to worry about the finals, son.

I've some good news for you. Pete

Morris says he has a place for you....""Office work!"Joel's voice was

She turned away from him to her heavy with derision, "I'm not going younger brother. "Joel, you haven't to be any old white collar guy...."

said you're glad to see me?""No?"said Dan quietly, "No?

Joel flung a tennis racket into a What are you going to be?"

corner. He kissed her lightly on the Joel shrugged, "I haven't made up

cheek. "Sure I am, Susannah. Sorry my mind yet, Dad, Give me time.

about Ted, though."He turned to I'm only eighteen. I don't want to

back. I don't have to. You'll take Lucy, "I'm starved, Mom."get stuck in a rut. What about the

care of me.""My biscuits!"cried Lucy and racket?"

Lucy saw Dan's mouth straighten. scurried to the kitchen, the starched "No,"said Dan harshly. "When

He dropped his arms from Susangingham of her dress rustling as she you're working you can buy your nah's shoulder. He mustn't, she ran. She took the pan out of the racket. This job would even help

thought with sudden panic, be angry oven and went to the cupboard for put you in college again."

with her. She's so young. We've plates. She leaned her head against "And I'm not going to school

protected her so. She's never the too high shelf. "Home,"she again,"Joel shouted. "I've had my

known a single heartache, until now. whispered, and tears stung under her fill."He rushed out and Lucy heard

She spoke quickly, gathering her lids, "the place that Dan and I have him pick up his tennis racket, and daughter into her arms. "Of course, made for them. Oh, it's worth it then his footsteps slamming down

you'll stay here. Isn't this your all, the struggle, the worry... a the steps.

home?"And then to Dan, "Ted will place for our children to come when She twisted a napkin. What had

come. You'll see."they are troubled and afraid."come over Dan, she wondered with a

"Yes,"said Dan heavily, "he'll The dining table was lovely with sick amazement. Dan who had been

come. It would take a terribly strong its snowy cloth and yellow candles. so proud of Joel's prowess on the

man to lick a combination like this."The boys ate heartily, and Susannah courts!

nibbled daintily on salad and toast. "Dad's right,"said Dale, folding

Aires screamed in the Lucy could not eat at all for joy of his napkin. "Joel should be paydriveway and a car door slammed. having her there, so lovely and uning more attention to getting a job.

"The boys,"said Lucy. "Won't changed. There were no traces now This tennis craze won't get him anythey be surprised? Wipe your eyes, of the tears she had shed. Her face where."

dear."was smooth; her eyes starry with He rose, and as always, his bigThey came in, Dale and Joel, and excitement. ness and his dark good looks tugLucy's pride in them was like a ban- "I want to know everything that's ged at Lucy's heart. "Are you going

ner flying. They were like Dan, tall happened in the whole year I've been to see Carla'?"

and squarejawed and big boned. gone,"she cried, and turned to Dale. He shook his head. "I'm thinking

Dale's eyes were like Dan's too, blue "How goes the law? Are you makof buying a new car. I've an apand deepset under heavy brows. ing enough to pay the telephone? pointment with a salesman."

He stared at Susannah. "When did Or is Dad still footing the bill?""A car?"cried Lucy, "But...

you get here? Where's the groom?""Don't tell me you haven't heard?"but I thought you and Carla would

"I've left him,"said Susannah Joel demanded before his brother get married now?"

flatly. could speak. "Dale just won a case. "I'm not,"said Dale, "going to get

"Tough luck. I thought you and Tomorrow he's getting a check for married now. You don't know what

he would hit it off. He's a swell five hundred dollars, and Hardy and I've been through, sitting in that offellow."Baxter are giving him another big fice day after day. Waiting for

Her small face hardened. "I take case. Yep, Dale's getting up speed."clients who never came. Now when

it you don't think I'm so swell?""Five hundred dollars,"breathed (Continued on page 294)

JhsL PENNY BLACK along all stamp collectors"By JAMES I. WYER or third to adopt this farreaching

is the cry that is ringing innovation. In 1843, Brazil put out

over the philatelic world in T OOKING BACK A HUNDRED the "Bull's-eyes,"a notable and this"Cyear of 1940. The occasion is YEARS OF PHILATELY striking set of three stamps. Sevthe one hundredth anniversary of SINCE MAY, 1840. eral of the Swiss cantons used atthe first adhesive postage stamp, the tractive adhesive stamps between

famous "Penny Black,"conceived 1 843 and 1 848. The little island of

and energetically sponsored for five Mauritius in the Indian ocean was years by Rowland Hill, a Birmingthe first of England's colonies to ham schoolmaster, and issued by follow the example of the mother

Great Britain on May 6, 1840. Its country, for in the early months of

design was the head of the young 1847 it became number four on the

Queen Victoria, then but three years honor roll. Not until 1847 did the

advanced on her sixtyfour year always conservative and slowmov- reign. This pioneer momentous ing American Congress authorize

classic long has been and still is the and produce the handsome fiveand most collected and most studied postten-cent stamps which form the first age stamp ever printed despite the of our postal issues. Our postage

tens of thousands of different stamps stamp centenary therefore will ocsince issued by over one thousand cur in 1947, an easy date for Utah countries and cities. collectors to remember, and it will

Although millions of the "Penny undoubtedly be commemorated in

Black"were printed, the stamp, even REPRODUCTIONFOUR PENNY BLACKOF A GROUPSTAMPSOF fitting fashion.

after a century, has a steady and It is interesting to note that even considerable market value. While souvenirs. The American governwith the British stamps in use for

indifferent specimens may be had ment is discussing the issue of a seven years, Americans were slower for a dollar or two, covers carrying special stamp recognizing the centhan the English to fall into the habit this stamp, with postmark dated May tenary. of prepaying their letters by affixing

6, 1840, readily bring seventyfive This first stamp carried on the the new bits of gummed paper. Rowto one hundred dollars, depending margins of the sheets of two hunland Hill notes in his journal that

upon the condition of both cover and dred forty in which it was printed, about half of the letters handled by stamp. A neat cover dated May 10, some practical and paternalistic inthe post office on the first day of the

1840 (the first Sunday of use), has structions from the British govern- "Penny Black"bore the new stamp.

sold for over two hundred dollars. ment. The public in using this new So slow, however, were Americans

Clean singles with ample margins device was cautioned to avoid getto approve or at any rate to accustom cancellations, dethe kind clearand to themselves the use of the adhesive ting the call it "cement"(gum, we sell sired stamp collector, that in by every 1855, stamp Congress deemed on "untimely now) the new "labels"readilydollars—andfor fromall fivethis tofortwentyfivea bit of wet"rectedandto further"place wasthe explicitlylabels abovediasit expedientthe date toafterfix whichJanuaryall1, letters1856,

paper even in its original, unused the address and towards the right must be prepaid by stamps.

state, never with more intrinsic achand side of the letter."The approaching centenary probtual value than a penny! Many colIn one of several pamphlets in ably will stimulate search in longlectors in this country and even more which Rowland Hill urged penny neglected stampalbums, in attic

in England boast of hundreds, in postage upon the British governboxes, and trunks where old letters some cases thousands, of copies of ment, he replied as follows to some are stored and thousands of buried the "Penny Black"in single collecpossible objections raised by a com- "Penny Blacks"will come to light.

tions. Four hundred copies were mittee of the House of Lords: "PerThere may be some of them or of

sold in a single afternoon auction sale haps the difficulties might be obviother early British stamps in Utah, in New York on March 19, 1940. ated by using a bit of paper just large for between 1847 and 1860 many

Such was postage stamp number enough to bear the stamp and covBritish emigrants came to Utah and one, the centenary of which thouered at the back with a glutinous must have received here many letsands of western collectors and milwash which by applying a little ters from their former country, some lions in the United States will note moisture might be attached to the of which have been saved. The

is even more likely towith interest and will often mark letter"—in these words we have same situation

with specific ceremony or observprobably the first formal definition exist with respect to our first Amerance. The Deseret Stamp Club, of a postage stamp, and the world ican issue. These fiveand tencent

principal group of collectors in Utah, has been licking his glutinous wash stamps were used from 1 847 to 1851, has issued an attractive commemofor a hundred years! and many of the letters which folrative poster stamp and similar clubs lowed the original pioneers to the

in all countries will mark the anni- \\7here was the United States all new land of Deseret must have been versary with exhibits, special prothis time? Our country, it must carried by our first fiveand tencent

grams, poster stamps, and other be confessed, was not even second (Concluded on page 293)

Values

A SHORT

SHORT STORY T five minutes tofour, I pickedA up my books and left the library. I could see my brother

Bill in the old car parked in the aveBy RUTH SHIRLEY nue, sitting very straight and staring ahead over the steering wheel. The

street in front of the high school was "M1Z STRATFORD,"HE SAID, "IF YOU'RE lined with cars, but ours was the GOIN'HOUSE, TERI'D BEMOVERIGHTOVERGLADTO TOTHEHAULPACKIN'SOME oldest and shabbiest of them all and OFFER YOURYE."THINGS OVER IN THE WAGON

I hated to be identified with it. I

slunk into the back seat and despised myself for being ashamed.

I beWhy did I always want to appear been an accident. Suddenly

better than I was? Once within the came aware that the silhouette of

I could seeold car, all my pretensions were trees was thin and bare.

stripped from me. I could no longer straight through them. There was

imagine that I was the cherished nothing solid blocking the view. Our

daughter of a kind and prosperous house was gone!

father who had given me that new Bill stopped the car and we climbcream-colored roadster over there ed out. We could hardly see past

lining the fence. people I heard I sixteenth birthday. was thefor my

old to another Rice talking Curt I. "Ijust live in this didn't even town.

I lived on a cherry orchard thirteen neighbor: "It waren't no use of us

miles away. Sitting in the shabby gittin'burnt trying to drag stuff out. f.wimcar even made my clothes seem We knowed they had insurance to

shabbier, and I wished that the stucover iverythin'."His wrinkles

dents passing by wouldn't recognize deepened. I looked between the heads of the ened foundations yawned cadaverthinly uptwisted ously smoke and in familiar front at people of the me talking, waited, for without Ime.We in sitting the over mother ward. saw objects bestanding but rescued sister to brother and wentmy who mattresses. a of couple orchard on

I the draggledlooking lawn. onthe university. sister came. Only my dragged they path been had The then, until realized hadn't old how late said that to stayShe had Jay clear bare. over Mothand showed furniture battered ugly our and andfor meeting. a it er's except face white where was I it I was. seeing as thought was ride pleasant. not was The home black. streaked with was

it. the people seeing around were me ifBill after as drove demons were I breathed. hurt?"get anyone "Did

chiffonier that mother's There was protested,him and he when went we all right, thank "No. We're Hattie given that us and Aunt had fastonly to as as to he keep had go mechanically spoke heaven."She

suit white. painted had box we Athe engine dying. from day The stunned. as a person been had who

it, of pink top the georon and was hot, spring, for hot unusuallywas it of "If for truckload a hadn't been gette for dress graduation which my oil the smells tanks, the fromand have wouldn't workers, road we to mother going make, was was the house,from meatpacking and and anything. stopped saved They straggling box. the of out The intensified the springsfrom hot were becould pulled out everything they leather the dining couch room and Iin felt heat. sick the to of death fire fore the too were bad. got They table together were huddled andit all of the passed scenery and we if It just they as wonderful. was buried of partly avalanche an underten times week. a to sent help us."been had pillows, quilts sheets blanand and I out, the revived Farther was by I wantinsurance?"have "Did we kets, shoes, coats, nightgowns, and airfresh, fragrance, the earthy and to know. ed

hats. chair with the rocking The with blossoms. sweetbecame The said, enough not "but she "Yes,"

leg again, from broken mended was durworld been metamorphosed had this."all to cover of

It in hurry. a being out draggeding the day. sun had warmed The I her. sat are by down we "What

if its its lying giving side as on was trees to the burstingthe buds and do, to going Mom?"last kick. basket, darning Mother's this plain,that greygreen been had shoulders. her straightened She

it, socks overrunning withwornout like Cinderellasmorning were now packing the to over "We'll move lay the grass milk buckets the on by ball. for thedressed in take big orchard. the house You

I wished the people broom. and last home, the from bend At we it over the sweep go and and broom

quit staring go would and and away the tall that trees the stabbedsaw into out."looked eyes and She my at laughing belongings. miserable our circle in house. a aroundsky our The said earnestly: has been "Everyone

orchard stretched toward us and our awfully good. Mr. Brown offered

orchard too had donned a lace dress. 1 was glad that no one us one of his houses to live in free

Then coming closer, we noticed the noticed me. I left the crowd and until we can build up again. But we

crowds of people and the parked went down the lane to the side gate won't take it. We'll manage in the

cars before our gate, as if there had and pushed through it. The black- (Concluded on page 297)

Photograph by New Mexico State Tourist Bureau. OLD FORT CUMMINGS, NEAR DEMING, NEW

MEXICO, WAS ESTABLISHED IN 1863, AS AN

APACHE OUTPOST TO GUARD STAGE COACHES

AND WAGON TRAINS USING THE BUTTERFIELDJhe. TRAIL AND OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE, WHICH

WOUND THROUGH COOK'S CANYON NEAR HERE.

COOK'S PEAK, WHICH TAKES ITS NAME FROM

THE COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE MORMON

BATTALION, WHICH PASSED HERE IN 1846, IS

SEEN IN THE BACKGROUND. THE FORT WAS

IN 1891, AND ONLY RUINS REMORMON BATTALION ABANDONEDMAIN.

IN NEW MEXICO By KENNETH ALLEN hphe story of a brief but spectacular sojourn Of the New Mexico State which will be commemorated as part of the Tourist Bureau state's Coronado Cuarto Centennial.

J. Smith, commanding officer, perManywrittenspectacularinto the recordstales weredurrain,Mormonsand founda shortageNew Mexico'sof food,eastthe suadedthe Battalion,the Mormonleavingleadersthe sickto splitand

trains taking the behind, supply and plains of ern the ing middle decades in game—bear,

rest the of to forward command in turkey, the which nineteenth century and MexNew aboundingantelope—with march. forced Santa under ConFe ico, dwindling replenished but dramatic perhaps quickly they no more

chapter was inscribed than that of larders. sequently, the first contingent of

the Mormon Battalion, a fully From the Rabbit Ear Mountains Mormons reached Santa Fe on Ocequipped fighting force of five hunnear Clayton, New Mexico, the Battober 9, and the remainder four days dred men who marched across the talion followed closely the route of later. The Battalion was just two

state in 1846 as a part of the expedithe Santa Fe Trail into Las Vegas, weeks behind the main force of Gentionary army of General Stephen W. New Mexico, passing such landeral Kearny, who had already taken

Kearny. marks as the Turkey Mountains, the vast territory of New Mexico

Historians and writers gathering which were five years later to provide for the United States, and was well material for New Mexico's Corothe eastern bulwark for Fort Union. on his way toward California.

nado Cuarto Centennial, which comThe fort became an important westFrom Las Vegas to Santa Fe the memorates the state's fourhun- ern outpost for the U. S. Army, and Latterday Saints passed many hisdredth anniversary this year, dis- a stage stop on the Santa Fe Trail. torical landmarks, among them Starcovered that the Battalion's brief It was abandoned in 1890. vation Peak, where legend holds a

but spectacular sojourn in New MexTwo days before reaching Las party of white settlers were surico was worthy of commemoration. Vegas, New Mexico, then only rounded by a surprise Indian attack

As a result, the New Mexico State eleven years old, Lieutenant Andrew and starved to death while seeking

Tourist Bureau will erect six hisPhotograph by New Mexico State Tourist Bureau.

torical highway markers along the

Mormons'route, which followed the

Santa Fe Trail across the northeast section of the state to Santa Fe, then swung down the Rio Grande, and westward across the Mimbres ValGRAPHSINDIAN ONPiCTOTHE

RIVER, ley. MIMBRES twentytwo'foot stone A

SIX MILES NORTHmarker, commemorating the march WEST OF FAYW00D, of the Battalion through New MexMEXICO.HOT SPRINGS,THE PURNEW

ico, is being erected this spring under POSE OF THESE the auspices of a committee of LatSYMBOLICINGS BY THEWRITAB- terday Saints from Albuquerque. ORIGINESNEVER BEEN HASDEGovernor John E. Miles has granted TERMINED BY ARpermission to place the monument THECHAEOLOPICTOGRAPHSGISTS.

on U. S. Highway 85, midway beWERETHE MIMBRENOSMADE BY

tween Albuquerque and Santa Fe. INDIANS, AN EXThe Battalion crossed the eastern TINCTWHOSE RACE,DISAPiPEARlANCE CONborder of New Mexico on September TINUES TO PUZZLE

28, 1846, after stumbling across the SCIENTISTS WHO plains of Kansas, Oklahoma, and TERESTEDHAVE BECOMEIN THISINTexas. Plagued by heat, sand, wind, AREA.

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

haven on the mountain; Pecos Indian literally pulling the oxen and heavily

Pueblo ruins, abandoned in 1838, loaded supply wagons through the along with the Franciscan Mission ruts and bosks over poorly laid of Our Lady of Angels of Porciunroads. When the Battalion swung

cula, founded about 1617. away from the Rio Grande, it headThe Mormons remained in Santa ed into the sparsely populated and

Fe ten days. History relates that Apacheinfested Mimbres Valley of

they were given a one hundred gun Southern New Mexico. Again

salute as they marched into the anplagued by shortage of rations, the cient capital city. Many of the men intrepid band was forced to kill for

who were sick and several families food the oxen which were hauling who had followed from Council the rations wagons. Across southBluffs, Iowa, on the hard journey ern New Mexico the Battalion folwere persuaded to go to Pueblo, lowed the approximate route which

Colorado, to remain until permanent twelve years later was to become quarters could be arranged in Califamous as the Butterfield Trail, the fornia. At Santa Fe Lieutenant longest overland route from MisSmith was relieved of his command souri to California.

and Captain Philip St. George Cook, In the Pinos Altos mining district, Photograph by New Mexico State Tourist Bureau.

who later was to win fame as a the Mormons came across routes THE YUCCA, NEW MEXICO'S STATE FLOWER, frontier army officer, was named to alive with traffic* from the copper ANDWEST.CACTUSLOOMINGARE ININDIGENOUSTHE BACKGROUNDTO THE SOUTHIS THE

head the Battalion. mines into Chihuahua, Mexico. BLACKHIDEOUTRANGE,IN NEWFAMOUSMEXICO'SAS ANEARLYAPACHEDAYS.INDIANIT

THAT IN 1846.T eaving Santa Fe on October 19, talion.Here anotherCaptaincrisisCookfacedwasthe Batpre- THEWAS MORMONTHROUGH BATTALIONTHIS RUGGEDMARCHEDCOUNTRY

the Mormons marched down the vailed upon by his officers to follow

Rio Grande for twentysix days bethe mining road into Mexico, and In the Gila River country, advance near the present turningfore west signs, Indian constantly scouts saw to then toward march California—Mexico. of Caballo,town From New Peloncillo until not the rugged the but taken route have would which

it is historical strictly standpointa the did reached were Mountains off its far course. command Theinteresting to note here that the BatMormons prayed for one entire Apaches venture forth—and then as

talion did not journey over Jornada night to dissuade Captain Cook, but peaceful traders. The Mormons

del Muerto (Journey of Death) as the start toward Mexico was made. bought meat and other supplies from

did most of the traffic moving Then the officer suddenly changed the Indians, a spectacular feat in itthrough the lower Rio Grande Valhis mind, remembering his orders self in view of the Apaches'hostile ley. The Jornada was a long from Kearny to follow as rapidly as attitude toward the white man.

stretch of arid plains country, which possible to California. The BatMany of the landmarks in the

lay to the east the Rio Grande, of talion part the southtoday southern Mexico swung away from of New it theseparated from by again. route, Sierra ern of Captain bear the the west Cook, and toward name

Caballos. Besides the natural hardThe Battalion's prayers had been designating points where the Batships encountered in crossing this answered. talion passed or made camp. Such

stretch, lurkingdesert the there were as Peak, points Cook's Cook's Canacute of water Shortage became in the AndresApaches San Mounwell- Spring yon, Cook's were and the Battalion struggled through as east. thetains to to Butterfield drivers the of known of the the country mountain rugged General Kearny came When stages. In of the Cook's shadow the present toward town Mimbres river, the the followed hedown estabFort Peak, was Cummings the ten Lordsburg, of For days the but stayedJornada, Mormons in lished as outpost. Indian 1863 an to cross labored the Concommand route,with stream the sometimes

tinental Divide. Finally the cumThrough Doubtful Canyon the

STARVATION PEAK. A WELLKNOWN LANDMARK bersome supply trains were unloadBattalion virtually slid into Arizona's

ON FE, U.NEWS. 85MEXICO.BETWEENTHELASPEAKVEGASGETSANDITS SANTANAME ed, and the provisions packed by San Simon valley to end their peaceIN FACT SETTLERSFROM THAT EARLY THE over the ful journey AlMexico. Backbone."LAS mule "American across New

INDIANS, DRIVEN SURr BY OUTVEGAS WERE States hauled were the United The wagons up empty though was at war STARVED TO DEATH ANDROUNDED THEY WHEN

PEAK. ON THIS THIS REFUGETOOK WAS ONE and let down by ropes on the westwith Mexico, this phenomenal army BY PASSED LANDMARKS THEOF THE MORMON

BATTALION ON ITS MARCH THROUGH NEW ern side of the divide. never fought a battle with the enemy.

MEXICO IN 1S46.

Photograph by New Mexico State Tourist Bureau.

HER ALLOTTED

SHE LINGERED OVER THE NAME, AND THEN

WITH A CONTENTED SIGH, PORED OVER

THE WORDS—SAVORING EACH OF THEM. SHARE

A SHORT SHORT STORY By ONDA MARCEAU

Evans lookeddown at herB'ertharough hands and broken nails. "What have I gotten out of

life?"she asked herself. "Years of stooped from carrying, beneath her tore clothes—-dirtied them, and ate

sitting on this farm—toiling for Wilheart, the five sons and two daughwith the insatiable appetites of farm

liam and my children. Now they're ters, now grown tall and sturdy. The children. The cry of 'Mama, Iall gone, and he reads Western faded, gingham dress Mary wore want—'was a constant crescendo.

stories."served only to cover her, giving "In her few leisure moments,

For the first time in her life, Mrs. nothing to her face or to her figure. stolen after the children were asleep,

Evans was resenting her lot. She "Little of what the world calls Mary sewed bits of lace on her

sank into a chair, too weary to push beauty bad been in Mary's life. Her daughters'dresses or bows of ribbon

back the grey hair that straggled husband was a small Texas farmer, on the tiny bonnets. Sam read

about her face. Then her eyes an undemonstrative, silent man; a stories of bucking horses and stamstrayed to the window. There were man who forgot birthdays and annipeding herds."

her flowers, beaten to shreds. There versaries. Sam Adams'tenets called

cotton, the green which wouldwas 'I finery. country for simple a no am for a paused mo- B,ertha fall last as be andsoon 'Let say. peoto man,'he wont was at her husacross looked white—just ment and

fall before.the for for ple us take what we to the she band. end on went Then are—not I get a won't readymade "But wear.'husclothes the good we story of A the farm a of story—a "there won'tdress,"whispered; she so! band, even splendid courage whose woman to hair curledbe have any money my married AdMary Sam family "When large one through a brought

feltlike the do."She town women to herself, said 'Now, ams, she had crisis another. after eyes stayed Her

tired, aold wondered and and why I rugs, curtains shall bright have and final the read paragraph she and on life.little couldn't enter her beauty in furniture, yard; flowers nice it my again. and her then she heard husband Just I dresses.'silk shall have For even life had Adams'again"True-—Mary feet the "I his porch. gotscrape on all delicate soft loved and filled Mary beautiful the with not been

mail,the magazine Your Mama. not that she could things, deeply so it for. things she longed had Nor Evans, wearingcame."William love. secret her share even didn't one. been easy But an Mary shoes, khakis, ascuffed faded and bright, linoleum her soon "But new a learned of mind had now. She new the beard, screenweekold slammed scampering scarred been by had rugs satisbeauty. a found had She new in. his wife as hedoor came When feet. curtains from faded were The faction. sent children seven had She again,failed to said look up, he furniture the washing, and much into strongout the world—seven the came."magazine"Mama, careflowers she so scratched. The right thinking cleanminded, bodied,

let then. stirred see."She "Oh, me with covered fully be tended must rechildren. knowledge That was took the as was, BerthaTired she their jars the smother or sand would enough."ward the eagerly. turnedmagazine She lives. little, on, sat rocking Bertha a sat as quicklypages William down,

silk at longingly "If looked straight got staring ahead. William Mary his stove. feet thepropping on

in departthe catalog or dresses the his for feet started door, the to and title that a Bertha stopped on thirty miles store his shoulder, saying over ment "Wonder away-—betoread: "Tribute Courage,"by

six pair overof for the fore her ideas gets bought she daughter where the lingered over Evans. SheJanet

alls, ever stories, for knew. her one her Mama?"men—no contented with then aname, and multitude a of expression no on There wassigh, over pored

a spendface Bertha's as she answered, was the words—savorendless"Eachtasks,day butbroughtMary of them.ing each thrift with her energy. Her children "Don't know, Pa. Guess she just

romped through the ugly, old house, thinks 'em up."But there was a new

/\t fifty, Mary Adams leaving misplaced articles in their light in her tired eyes—a new unwas not beautiful. Her face bore wake. They were sick. They were derstanding, a new courage.

no evidence of massages or expensive hurt. Johnny fell out of the apple "I guess it hasn't been so bad,"

oils. Broken nails and rough hands tree and broke his arm. Danny was she mumbled, when her husband had

were mute proof of hours of heartlaid up for months when he cut his gone. And there was no longer rebreaking toil. Her shoulders were leg on the barbed wire fence. They sentment in her tone.

JAe "MILLENNIAL STAR // coldest existing church publication still makes its weekly appearance in great hundred years ago this Britain.Onemonth (May, 1840) the

R. printing shop of W. LATTERDAY SAIBTS By PRESTON NIBLEY Spring Gardens, ManThomas,

scenechester, England, was the of MILLENNIAL STAR PresidentStatesof theMissionNorthwestern his activity.considerable Among EDITED BY PARI.KY I*, PRATT.

various printing jobs, Mr. Thomas

had agreed with one Parley P. Pratt, No. 1. V. MAY, 1840. Price 6d.

of a publication to order the proper to missionary,an American PROSPECTUS, Mormon great the to entirely devoted darkness nimhi the of now of long rection Twelve, superintendence and The sincerely truth, its of spread the far the truth isin revived Periodicalwork of thoufor afurnish, given sum, two spent—the of for benefit information the and careto led that be like praying purity, primitive simplicity and men may

to subject, and fully the lights daystar horizon, examine up the the reliof of a new, a copies monthsand sufficient of as as Church, number a soon error, truth discern and and between that the effulgent of dawn morn when act shall carried. accordingly. will the obtained; cover (iud the subscribers knowledge of be to as magazine,gious be The known

will Stak*'It earth cover sea. the the waters Millennial "Thk U

political to the forth aloof from stand common pleased send has the Almighty Star. Millennial SaintsLatterday

of the fulihr to commercial news and AtfOE-L, Hoi.y an day.—Its restoreall will spread to the tla devoted columns gospel attendant be the with of ness of beginning the marks This date prepared, Pratt weeks some hadMr. of his the fulness of to the blessings, together bring wangospel—the

of ancienfprinciples restorChris- fold, to into restore the ation of dering to one not Star, Millennial though the for the prospectuspreviously, the "sheep of gathering the faith the which waa once them Israel—the

of saints,"forth tianity—rolling to o( the God delivered the send kingdom later. and to until perhaps weeks two named first his not of but magazine, copy the last of signs days, his in the these servants with a nations—the

all the of fuliilment nations special prophecythe to of message us informed President has Young to the pay whereknowing money as of all the to judgments amongtimes—recording prepare God in order earth, the who

signs nations, lite the whether they for befiu Second hearken Advent project beginning for that the when from, printing tofor the come was "blood, earth the the at or near heavens in in willof now hand. which

in short, of vapour isthe of or this Church means, Jesus Messiah,By smoke"—P. forth, this "Parley put paper was fellow missionary, his writtenhe had is indicative of Saints, forth fire,whatever (being Christ shown LatterDay of

first and of in the of the organized spread has Man,"coming "Son 1830) editing privilege of Pratt the craved in Herefordthen Young,Brigham reign universal his throughout parts u.ihering in of of and America many

contain will also earth. It the has caused tens; Europe theon and many it, privthat granted him and I we shire, follows: have as elders who rejoice numerous measure, our "When to of thousands from above

both word abroad, the in preaching are the lettersare to while walk they enabled liege. a sufficient subscribers of number containing light truth. Europe, of America and

ministering their in success that feeling desirous of very ml innews others A justify to gospeL glorious hand on a enough blessings of the should goodand President of the the partakers money be same made was Young the publishing of the paper, I will business man. He knew that the

proceed with it."REPRODUCTION OF AN EXCERPT FROM PAGE two thousand papers, to be known

President Young, with his characSTAR".ONE, NUMBER ONE, OF THE "MILLENNIAL as the Millennial Star, would bring

teristic energy, replied, "Publish two in a given amount in subscriptions.

thousand copies of the magazine, and had converged towards the village He was also eager to have some

I will foot the bill."of Commerce, Illinois, where the tracts printed and a new edition of

endeavProphet Smith Joseph was the of the and Book Hymn Mormon P. Pratt Parley so an made And place. oring gathering to a form new considertake a Book. would This printer, withagreement Mr. Thomas, protection without adequate Then, if the but of able money, amount to Manchester, Gardens,of Spring families, their for without almost it be obtained could be would moneyprint the of copies thousand two food, clothed, several of poorly them the sale of books returned the fromfirst Star, of Millennial the number ill, all the of without money, them tracts the magazines. and and And to that the assured himand money to for time for depart them came to proceeded Brother so Brigham forththe for be would workpay their to missions they England, as his transaction, the in out workcoming. in revelathe been had commanded to businesslike went way. He "foot could Brigham Young tion How of 1838. July, Herefordshire, Wilford where this printing bill"job?the for Only the exertion the utmost several and by By baptized had Woodruff

one month previously, April 6th, to blessings of God, they arrived in wealthy converts, and obtained a be exact, he had landed in Liverpool, England. They were persevering loan from them. "I borrowed two

"a stranger, in a strange land,"pracmen; their experiences were prehundred and fifty pounds from Sister

tically or possession without money the paring they for them day relates when Brother Benbow,"Jane kind. "I had enoughof any off called burthe bear "to be to buy would of Brother Brigham, "one hundred

a hat,"he relates, "and pay my pasden of the Kingdom."Thomas Kington and returned to

for to time the Preston,sage from three printed Manchester, where we these not brethren could Perhaps

I I left old cap an had worn home five thousand and diffiBooks in their well Hymn so succeeded have pair of out wife awhich made my isof it thousand and Books Mormon, that culties not they been were had pantaloons; of us but oldof most the of copies thousand all sued two the at men. Their young ages [the accompanied had Twelve who in the monthly, Millennial and Star in arrived time they were England destientirely to England]him were of gave the course away summer as 38; follows: Brigham Young,

totute neceseven of any means buy tracts."rising sixty of thousand P. Kimball, 38; Parley C. Heber

article."sary

Pratt, 33; Orson Pratt, 28; Wilford Was the money which President

Perhaps no part of our Church Woodruff, 33; John Taylor, 31; Young borrowed from Brother

history is more inspiring than the George A. Smith, 22. Kington and Sister Benbow returned

of of the of sevenaccount journey to this, indeed; listen Yes, them? called a council and to The brethren to ofthe Apostles Twelve Quorum further President Young:: from Saints conference of the to be held

fall in the of 1839 and theEngland 15th, at April 14th Preston on and faithnoble,spring I [in there and year one England] was of 1840—strong, here, 1840. the on second It was brethren. sixteen I paid with days cirful... external every my with men,

folthat conference, of the the day dollars to the three get eighty hundred and againstcumstance them. had They

I transacted: business in started lowing arrived London, was and work when just driven out of Missouri been I in farthing. person one no owed Nauvoo

and had been robbed and stripped of Moved and seconded that a monthly Brother Kington received his pay from the their possessions. One by one they periodical shall be published under the di- (Concluded on page 309)

THE COMMON SOURCE OF

V. ATONEMENT THROUGH SACRIFICE

T:iEof atoningGalilee bloodwashesof awaythe Manthe Q&AiiAu JthfL m&jdioi&v d$, ihsL nsiw

sins of all mortals who.. iv/wux}hL out iPddu faith, repentance, through bapfjovsmanL and

tism, living other through every and their fWifadL jtrfo/wtnswL thhouqpL ihsL principle to of the best Gospel witheverything done ability—have Ahsuddinq. & 2Cla, joiv/l blood*.

in their to bring about their power and Covenants 76:69.own redemption. The fact that man-—Doctrine

kind is mortal—spiritually dead and

... [Also] banished from the presence of his BY to converse with them. Heavenly Parents—necessitated the God conversed with men, and made

sacrifice of a Son who was completeMILTON R.HUNTER,Ph.D. known unto them the plan of rely pure and holy, one superiorly endemption, which had been prepared

dowed with divine powers to the Associate, L. D. S. Institute of from the foundation of the world."'

extent that He could break the bands Religion, Logan, Utah Thus, through divers ways, the of death and put into effect the law Eternal Father taught mortals the of universal resurrection. instructing of Gospel Jesus Christ,

doctrine to The voice of unto the hearken of atonement 1 is like unto God Himself,"was chosen them based upon the concept known in from among the spirit children, and His Only Begotten Son who was to the scriptures as "The Fall."At the foreordained to come into mortality offer Himself freely as a sacrifice,

time of their expulsion from Eden, fully endowed with divine powers "infinite and eternal,"for mankind.

Adam and Eve became mortal berequisite for bringing about the But men were informed that only ings, thereby experiencing a spiritatonement of mankind. The Master, they who repented, received baptism

ual as well as a physical banishment the Lord of heaven and earth, was and confirmation, and faithfully from God's presence. Thus they the One chosen. obeyed the Gospel teachings, had

died a spiritual death, or, in other He, Jesus the Christ, being liter- a positive and full claim on the sancwords, a veil was drawn over their ally the Only Begotten Son of God, tifying and atoning blood of the minds which prevented them from was endowed with a double portion Master. The Lord in definite terms

It attributes. divine was their He who preexistenceremembering is and of the told Father "This Adam that

that blood died shed His and we Christ. 8 allthe Gospel of Jesus of salvation unto plan men,

The very fact that Adam and Eve might live. No individual other through the blood of mine Only

ever the than Nazarene who has shall Begotten, who of their descendantsand all were 8 come in the in this lived the world possessed times."inmeridian of livingmortals in a temporal world,

cut them off from the presence of nate power to perform such an "inTherefore, whenever the true

God, who is living in a spiritual, cefinite and eternal sacrifice."These Gospel plan has been understood by

lestial world. The fall interpreted glorious Gospel truths were undermortals, the belief has been held

Nephites. thoroughly stood by the thatin Begotthis the includes other Only sense people Savior—the to the In words of Amulek willingly of just the intenthan Son Every and Eve. Adam God-—should

child of God that leaves his heavenhabitants of Ammonihah: sacrifice His life to rescue man

ly abode through birth into mortalAccording to the great plan of the Eterfrom sin and the grave. As a result

there atonement made, must be an God, is death,ity and of His suffering and "cut off presence of nal from the all else peror unavoidably must mankind of therefore, Godhead,the through His power Lord"; he becomes It ish. infinite an must and eternal be...

spiritually dead and also subject to sacrifice. which is life eternal, all mortals will

a temporal death. Now there is not any man that can saceventually be

rifice will his for atone blood which own resurrected—Jesus"first fruits."being the Himself the conditions mortality of Under. there sins. Therefore, the another. of in mortality the NazWhile living unaided isand power or a inby divine of short an nothing be can which.

divine being, men did not have suffinite atonement which will suffice for the arene declared:

.. sins the of world. life:ficient the or the resurrection to bring knowledge he power and I am

I shall that Christ. do come among know in dead, that believeth me, were he though intothemselves the presence back the to children the of take men, upon Him liveth live: shall he whosoever yet And theirof Creator. 7 FaHeavenly that people, The transgressions of His and He die. shall in believeth never and me

for for world; the sins shall of the atonether, fully conditions the knowing lifted the of have Man, up Son ye When

... it. rightthe spoken hath Lord The God mortality, I forof devised a shall plan the that then He, and ye know am

sit to the shall in go kingdom, eous down I as myself; nothing that of but do my children ofredemption beHis even their out; should garments but more no I these hath taught be Father me, speakfore placed the them upon the the of through white blood made things.8 3Heearth. A Savior, a Redeemer, "One Lamb.4

the careful of of a doctrine contains study atonement a Gospel Through 'The after Shortly were and Eve Adam vital but will phases, the of space permitnumber it that scriptures, apparent becomes of of in thisdiscussion only them one the article—of Eden, the banished from Garden

efficacy relative to heldvarious concepts the of sheddoctrine the of through atonement in for atoning of sins theding that expedient blood mankind. the Lord it was "saw

sacrifice sacrifice of relative to the Penrose, 1-48; Charles Atonement, Blood Joseph W. concerning that should know men Evans, Richard C. Smith,F. Jr., and Blood Atonement

12:2830. Hbid., 1-94. of Plural appointed Marriage, the things the Originand he had whereof

2Book 2:1-30; 9:1-10. of Mormon, Alma 12:2037; 42:2-10; 2 Nephi unto them; therefore He sent angels 7John"Pearl 11:2526.of Great Price, Moses 6:4767; 5:57.

'bid.. Alma 12:25, 2930. Hbid., 34:1-16. 36. mid., 8:2829.

RELIGIOUS TRUTH

THE GARDEN OF

GETHSEMANE AT EVENING.

Photo by Adelbert Bartlett,

Jesus is pertinent in the plan of salvain the flesh. 9 At His advent, howsprinkled on the altar; 11 however, in

it was tion. This doctrine—first revealed to ever, sacrifice was replaced by sacconnection with certain rites,12 father Adam and later to the holy rament. sprinkled on the worshipers.

prophetsdispensations—hasduring the foundvarious itsGospelway ingAnof explanationsacrifice cameof theto trueAdammeanone lievedTo whatthat extentblood containedthe Hebrewspotentbeoutward throughout the world and day when he was offering unto the attributes for cleansing them from

downward through the ages as a Lord the firstlings of his flocks. He sin is not made exactly clear in much

"golden thread"of truth. As it was was informed by an angel: of the Old Testament. The evidisseminated outward from the origThis thing is a similitude of the sacrifice dence therein seems to indicate that

inal source, alterations from the true of the Only Begotten of the Father, which at certain times in their history at concept occurred. Therefore, a is full of grace and truth. Wherefore, thou least some of the people attributed

all shalt that thou in the doest name do great variety of beliefs—some true shalt of the Son, thou repent and call a considerable 13amount of saving and

and others been held upon false—have

relative in to the evermore. efficacy of sacrifice God10 in the name of the Son for ciallygrace totrueblood*during Thatthe eighthwas espeand

cleansing one from sin and in helpseventh centuries B. C. when, due to

ing to assure him immortal and eterThus in the very beginning the pagan influences, many of the priests nal life. However, these various offering of the sacrificial animal was and laity had a warped understandconcepts and practices are rooted in regarded by Adam and his sucing of the Gospel. However, sevthe Messianic revelations given to cessors as an act symbolical of the eral of Israel's great prophets firmly

the first mortal and to the other sacrifice of the "Lamb of God."The maintained that the sacrifice of aniprophets of the Lord. They came blood of the animal had no efficamals was merely symbolical of the

powers. blood atoning truth cious from the of source common sacrifice of Jesus—the Old Testament is rather reThe in being shed of the animalvictim Christ. is the which Gospel of Jesus

plete with descriptions of sacrifices commemoration of the "blood of the carried his as on by Moses and slain the foundaof from IsLamb God that order mankind Tn may conraelitish successors the adpreceding proIn violent tion the of world."stantly atonthe great remember of Christ. time vent of the Most priests attest to Jewish such who ing sacrifice of the Master, gave God of animalvictim the blood the 311) (Continued was on page to Adam and his posterity the law of

sacrifice, which law was observed Mormon,Pearl of3 NephiGreat Price,9:1522.Moses 5:5-9; 6:56; Book of Ibid.,"Leviticus8:30;3:8.Exodus13; 4:1718;24:5-8; 7:2;Hebrews8:15. 9:1821.

until the coming of the Son of Man 10Moses, op. cit. 13Leviticus 16:H-15; Exodus 12:7-30.

.

D Y YOUNG

HIS MOTHER'S CHAIR WHEN DAY IS DONE MY GIFTS

she NEVER knew his came Oh,done,to be in the West when the day is *T OrCANNOTany ofbringtheseyoumaterialcostlythingsgifts oneor gold,sees; firelight mother—yetthe restless evening, I This and

played 'Neath a glowing turquoise sky, My offerings are small, quite worn, and old, the gifts last rays gladly; of these: to are given the setting sun, But you my silent shadow keys, with hands of When On

all hills Kiss the in purple the heart, I give goodbye. beauty you my flame,

sills, rain of chanting sound The on window afraid welcome was half To her—but I

that melodies Forgotten a part seem Till is not Where the evening breezes coldly sing, reason whispered: "Hush! She

there; Across the hardpacked snow, Of other worlds, and brooding, lonely hills;

birds wheeling on the wing, they go. It's fancy—and a tired old rocking chair."WithInto thewildWest AndI giveallyouthe smallall theandlovemistyI'vedreamsstored ofaway,mine;

I offer heart I say, in words you my Her little stumbling, I try to rocking chair—so centurywise it Where the hills stretch up to the cloudless In rhyme. words seemed

sky, of all motherhood; symbol I knewA I offer Beauty, dreams, love and you my the sea. as sunswept patiently she'd rocked sung and Blue and How will Uncostly, simple Dear, they do? trees give to a pledge The God on high, dreamed;

20. Parrish, Age—Barbaragifts; free. In a land both wild and she had and worked How laughed—and

wept some, too.

to be in the West when the day is knelt to Oh, Here in the dark—perhaps she'd done, pray

Beside it there, for strength some sunless And the world slowly says goodnight, day. To see the last of the setting sun,

And the rays of fading light.

Yet reason said she did not come tonight,—Dorothy Mills, Age 16.

And reason, coldly faultless, must have m known; "ECHO"

It may have been stray shifting flecks of light So Frommany penlovelyand poemstongue have dropped That swayed her chair, and love that swayed my own... About the miles that lie between

But no—that flash of silver, when she left! Two who are young,

And wooden arms entreating—numb That when I try to write to you

bereft! instead I think—Julia Nelson. Of other's verses, trembling fair,

That I have read And what is there for me to say

After these, then After their sighs and longing dreams,

Save just "Amen"?—Lael Woolsey, Age 19.

A TRIBUTE TO THE PIONEERS

Untamed, unconquered, and unclaimed,

A paradise divine Held out a beckoning hand to man offered sublime. peace And

Tired, worn, pursued, WIND weary, and valiant These pioneers today. to herself, laughing was

hearts as light as With the noonday sun Nature in the hills her with I found all drunk

Set forth fear. without a mirth.

Sickness, death, and misery, She teased the trees into a mad ballet "Ah, God, help us to bear,"And taught the sky to kiss the flustered te Was"Andtheleadcry ussentoverup there."to heaven, She earth.wrinkled up the stream and messed

grass broke a cloud and laughed in the lake's Hardships,A battle cold,to be andfought,hunger, And theface,

Yet His glory gave God those For falteredhi who not. AndOf leaves,for confettiand threwgrabbedthema cracklingwith unhammass

SPRING A prayer, a song, a tear, a smile, pered grace.

I this, for though, too old, Nature knew journey's was at end, "Our an the the flowers earth with crown

I smilingly her petulance watched And glorified be earth; And on GodNow

gold; I felt Until light hold, upon hand shall His word defend,"my

hills, all fold, fold quiet the onAnd feet Until a whirling dance, began my—Milliewe Romney, Rue Age 17. of colors the rainbow wearThe I the Until in hair sky knew was my

there. radiant spread beautyAnd that beside Nature And young was me

1 1 Willardson, their—Lynn Age there.

—Lucile Jones, Age 20.

IN DEFENSE OF A WANDERER MOON EGGS why should you with coward's moonOH,tongue, The him to keep his placeAdmonish Tonight,

Within your small and narrow world? Built a nest in my heart,

For he is greater than your fear And there she sits

Of things you have not known nor sought. Brooding strange thoughts.

He is the searcher, and the light What will they be like

Of ages yet unborn.—Beth Chandler, Age 15. When the shells—-Cetiabreak?Larsen.

SPRING MEMORIAL DAY MY MOTHER By Anna Johnson By Maryhale Woolsey By Evelyn Wilde Heath

light the the smiling took from day this in of quiet shade place seen spring sun and God have 1 HERE dies, the sunset autumn WhereI the mountains; her in spring entered rugged has down Where Come this gold leaves and which and genFrom brown

I tlest shawls her green spread seen have mood clung, | hills; solitude, the feel the birds sacred shoulders of gray where HereUpon eyes. mother's made He my throats their the vibrant jewels her songs seenI have mute And

Scattered in magic blooms have made And just at twilight, when Heaven draws

Across the billowed blankets Here where our loved and lost ones lie near,

Of a quivering sea asleep, From soft, clinging shadows there,

Of meadow grass. Wrapped in the last frail beauty we could With shimmering rays from a silvery moon,

I her friendly fragrance seen givehave He made my mother's hair.

Here lone frontiers onShed we may kneel, and for a moment live

Where heroes of a former day With them again, though graves be still and With careful fingers, and sculptor's ease,

Lay down to nightly dreams deep. From peace and celestial grace,

On sagedrenched knolls. He took the beauty of life and love,

I've felt her breath It is no futile gesture—that we place And molded my mother's face.

from her perfume fragrant gifts their hands may never touch OurWhen From soft, sweet notes of a tender song touch; like wreathes of flame upRose

rejoice, hear and That angels love that prompts our giving is so stars. the twine The amongTo

bells, of ringing Mingled with echoes filled air the incense muchHer

And changed the distant hills Beyond the mean control of time and space He made my mother's voice.

it find reach altars can them and with flaming That the gifts of gods.To rising glory sun, the of the where From

are, theyI've seen her walk start, faith courage and Where distant smile beside with feet some silversandaled GodWith Who of joy dawn, a glorious and hope From star. clean gold sandOn heart. mother's made God my

the sea.That bands

she was cladAlways A WISH robes,In emerald (For Mother in Heaven) GRANNY'S LILAC TREE

Bright with the sparkle of rain By Edna S. Dustin

And fresh as a breeze at dawn. By Mrs. W. F. Eberling

A n old lilac tree that's not very tall

Today she sits in the river mist Tall hollyhocks are blooming beside my *"* Is leaning on Granny's kitchen wall;

Where grayroofed sheds garden wall, Stooping down, it's looking into a pane

Are solidly arrayed And as their blossoms wither and silently Of a lowhung window now washed by rain.

Along the shore. they fall,

She weeps bitterly I pray that up in Heaven, by your mansion, Does it long for the fragrance of fresh amber

Because she is splattered God has made bread came from the window just back of crimson of hollyhocks with blooms ThatWith the grime of city streets. A row

its head, fade. that never

cookies, oatmeal preserving Of jam, MY GARDEN stewing, chicken or a roasting yam You used to touch our blossoms, while A tears swift Clara Plant blinded Hansen By me in long Those days a jaded ago gown

I all earth's of thought beauty your As clusters bells of lavender for With crown, a little seashells; blind pink see; not SEE could two eyes J in Primping Granny's pane window

is heart singing, But today all listening the while. for I know my They're like shone a mirror stain? That without a

I skies the beyond tulip see a red sweet

That opens in a smile. You are viewing Heaven's glories with a This old lilac is stooped and wrinkled today;

pair of clear, new eyes. In its thin jade shawl there's an orchid

I see two blue forgetme-nots, nosegay,

And, yes, I see them wink! They say there is no nightfall in that lovely As it leans on a wall, looking into a pane

And next, a button daisy unseen land, Of a lowhung window, now washed by

My baby's nose, faint pink. But I hope God sends one sunset, and that rain.

at His command will a golden, be o'er hovering And my garden, There yellow dawn to A YOUNG MOTHER'S PRAYER start eternal day, air, your Aflutter in the

I see two pretty butterflies And after that glad springtime, with one By Jeannette H. Demars

My baby's hands so fair.. perpetual May.. Give me the strength to guide aright

MY MOTHER MY HOLY SHRINE A deep,Theseabidingtiny feetinner thatsightfollow me;

cling trustingly, chubby hands When By Mary Butler Watkins By Irene Jones That I the may choose pathway strife free sin. from And deadly and in angel, thinking Y sweet Mother, of days, with baby ways, baby Tn

faith Give that's a true pure, me and you * grief or joy o'erwhelmed me, WhenM sure sacred flame to within. burn A light, enfolds rainbow with me flee, A I'd Mother's knee always To

in Then keep Thine, hand Lord; my allIllumining I the that O thoughts good knew quiet and peace realmed me. Where love Let and wisdom from Thee, come future bright. making more And my Shrine That ever mine, Holy was

I That to worthy be may guard to or bless penance me; To This precious soul gavest me. Thou are words your out words spoken ofMy love such, that Her touch was God's own

my mouth; Seemed hers when she'd caress me.

My thoughts are your thoughts in disYOUNG MAN'S FANCY guise, years sped; have The new paths I tread; By Ethelyn Miller Hartwich many a time I'm just writing for you:And left earthly Her presence me;

To me it is such a surprise. Her spirit dear, I feel it near; TC'very Maytime holds the essence

has bereft not Her death all me. the springs since *—'Of earth began,

I heart,I'll play my poor part in fulfilling your wish, Within have my white young a part And in slender moons crescents

Continuing you've what begun, constrain Of heaven me; in Link the eons heart of man,

if everBut I meet with a little success, still That is mine, Holy Till all the lovers of the ages toShrine—it

It is yours, for the are as one. two to angel sustain me. An as time's one Appear upon pages.

himOn DEATH TAKES CHURCH onstration of stereophonic reproducWEST'S OLDEST

MISSION SECRETARY tion of enhanced music. STAKE DIVIDED

1 to death Tnexpected April came historic Salt r\iviSiON 24 of on March *"*'MISSION TAHITIAN 56, Reynolds, Harold Godfrey Stake, largest oldest of Lake and APPOINTED HEAD secretary transmissionChurch and existing in stakes the created Church, portation agent. Elder Reynolds had Dugene M. Cannon, former bishop a smaller Salt Lake Stake retaining thebeen making satisfactory recovery from L'of the Forest Dale Ward and Fourteenth, Seventeenth, Nineteenth,

a recent operation when he died sudof the president founder and Cannon Twentythird, Twentysecond, Twendenly. in Salt City, Insurance Lake Company Hill wards, and tyfourth, and Capitol

leaves faith- a record of long and He President to succeed has been named Stake, comprising the a new Riverside ful service as Church served: He Stevens as head R. misKenneth of the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentyeighth,

sionary to Germany from 19031905, Twentyninth, Thirtyfourth, and Cenand labored six months in England. ter wards.

For twentyone years he filled a place

City Salt Lake John B. Matheson, Desereton the the General Board of

the in commissioner and first counselor School Union;Sunday was a member

of the Ensign Stake High Council, and old Salt Lake Stake, was named presione time stake superintendent of relident of the new unit, with Gus Dyer gion classes. In 1924, he was ordained of the stake high council and La Verre

by President Heber }. Grant as bishop V. Adams of the Twentyninth Ward

of the Twentyfirst Ward, which posibishopric, as his counselors.

tion he held until 1939, when he became President Wilford A. Beesley will

a member of the Yalecrest Ward. He continue to preside over the new Salt

held membership in several civic clubs. Lake Stake, with former second counMembers of the immediate family selor Irvin S. Noall advanced to first

surviving him are his widow, Ann KENNETH R. STEVENS EUGENE M. CANNON counselor. Franklin J. Murdock, for-

A. Howarth Reynolds; two sons, Harmer president of the Netherlands Misold G. Reynolds and Ralph H. ReyTahitian Mission. President Cannon, sion, was named second counselor..

nolds; and two daughters, Betsy Reywho filled a first mission to Tahiti from The eastwest division, which gives

nolds Cannon and Marian Reynolds. 1893 to 1896, plans to leave for the each stake approximately fiftyfive

keeps hundred members, Temple islands or August, to be accomin July AIR""CHURCH OF THE significant Square other landmarks and his wife, panied Canby Edna Lambert RICHARDS ELDERHEARS in history properly the within Church non.

Elder address Easter morning by Salt of the Stake, with boundsAn Lake will return to his President Stevens*"* Council of the Stephen identified since they been have L Richards which in the bacteriology department position of the Twelve was delivered in the at the Utah State Agricultural College, pioneer days.

Tabernacle and heard on Columbia from which he obtained a leave of abElders Albert E. Bowen of the

Broadcasting System's "Church of the sence two years ago to preside over the Council of the Twelve and Samuel O.

Air."Special music was sung by the mission. He will be accompanied by Bennion of the First Council of SevTabernacle Choir, whose regular weekhis wife, Iona B. Stevens, and children, enty represented the General Authorily national broadcast the "Church of Vera, Catherine, Marva, and Kenneth ties at the quarterly conference where

the Air"half hour immediately folRichards Stevens, Jr. reorganization was effected.

lowed.

CHOIR RECORDINGS HEARD ON SIGNIFICANT EXPERIMENTAL PROGRAM [ isteners in Carnegie Hall, April 9 "and 10, heard music of the Tabernacle Choir and Organ on the same program with Leopold Stokowski's

Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra,

Paul Robeson, and other artists. The

concerts, representing the fruit of long research on the part of Bell Telephone

Laboratories, endeavored to show the possibility of recording and reproducMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME ing original music without loss of any ARRIVED MARCH 18, 1940—DEPARTED MARCH 28, 1940

sound that the ear could have heard First row, left to right: Don James Chadwick, Joseph Stoddard Allen, Alice Lauper, Zinna Zaugg, Emily

initially, and with an actual enhanceBrooks, Mrs. Hilda Mae Stutzman, Howard C. Bennett, and Donald F. Schmutz.

ment of artistic performance in acPresidentSecondDon row:B. Colton,Evan IsabelMoore IdaThomas,Durtschi,JosephLois StahmannNichols, ClarenceMorris, J.LucyHatch,Marianand WilliamSpringer,GrantElizabethHaynes.Spackman,

cord with the interpretation of the orThird row: Wayne Phillips Standage, Robert Louis Clegg, M. Vaughn Bitner, Virginia Sorensen, Leonard

iginal director. Hardy FourthWindmill,row: OrvisSylvanDilworth,Howard DeanMorley,W. Toone,Donald andC. Frei,ErnestEarlH. HoltBurk.Warner, John Bernhardt Meredith, Lawrence

Dr. Harvey Fletcher of the Bell TeleRoberts Rast, John Roberts, Van Neldon Lybbert, Ted Berry Eason, and Willis Brown Mason.

phone Laboratories, and president of Skinner,FifthLeonrow:RossGordonMilner,SolonWilliamJohnson,AlmanJohnBrim,LeRoyand Jones,Julian WilliamC. Lowe. J. Tippetts, Maurice H. Balls, Max Herbert

ling Johnson, Allred, Fors, Alvin Allen James Ernest J. Lewis Cooley, Ruesch, Church, LeRoy in the Ed Sixththe row: Stake Edward York New

Taylor. B. Gleave, Kenneth Dean, Lloyd and Arthur Steed, Mack Lyndon Stuart that research the supplieddirected

Ivins Berrett, Instructor; Fish; Jr.; Merlin Jean Robertson; Cordon, K. Call Alfred the HaroldSeventh row: Wm.

equipment and technique for this demand Preston William Adair.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

NEW INSTITUTES, CHAPELS DEDICATED 'T'wo institutes of religion and several chapels were among Church buildings dedicated recently by General Swiss Mission group, last of European

Authorities missionariesleft to right: to Jesseevacuate.H. Monson,Standing,sec-:

On March 31, Elder John A. Widtretary; Louise McKay, President Thorn-!

soe formally dedicated the $30,000 CeasLewisE. McKay,W. Smith,Sister NephiFawn B.S. McKay,Allen.

dar City Institute adjacent to the Kneeling: Albert J. Beutler, Guy B,

Branch Agricultural College campus. Alexander.

Gustive O. Larson is institute director.

At Parowan on the same day, Dr.

Widtsoe also dedicated the recently completed seminary, which offers weekday religious education for high school students. A. Noble Kimball is principal. Dr. Franklin L. West, Church

Commissioner of Education, spoke at both the Cedar City and Parowan dedications.

Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the Council of the Twelve on March 24, offered

the dedicatory prayer and address at chapelthe Second Tremonton Ward missionaries "The leaving headquartersExodus"—Swiss on Leimenstrasse hall, recreation whereand James WalBasel, for America.

is in less than 49, bishop. Constructedton

one year, the building cost $55,000.

The Inverury Ward chapel, now to be known as the Central Ward, South largely built Stake, volunteerSevier by in organizations Revolution, to speak on American Secure Adequate "How To part of the members,labor ward on especially has been Smith Leadership."Elder which 31 Bishop dedicatedwas by March M. the the program, active. part of As the Bishopric. Presiding of 29, 1940 Ashton AprilO.

origiBroadcasting System Columbia is S. bishop.Leland Tooele ward Gray County members company

February 4, 1940 of the Daughters of Utah Pioneers

President Heber C. Williams and placed a marker on the old Tooele

his counselors, S. Ross Hunt and Levi Ward Chapel, now called the First

Sorensen, of the North Sevier Stake Ward, noting the seventieth anniverpresidency, were released and succeedsary of the first permanent chapel in ed by Edwin Sorensen, president; Tooele.

first Bosshardt,Charles C. counselor; CANNING COMMITTEE Stott, counselor. secondand Karl Irvin L. Warnock was appointed NEW WELFARE UNIT

president and William L. Warner and "EWEST group appointed to operate

Alten Christensen named counselors in under the Church Welfare Plan is the new presidency of the Sevier Stake, an important canning and processing succeeding President W. Eugene Poulcommittee which will be responsible for

son and counselors Thomas Ray Gledproper production, packing, and storhill and Frank M. Ogden. ing of canned and processed foods to

February 25, 1940 take care of Welfare Plan needs throughout the Church. Verner O. Oakland Maxwell Park Ward,

president Brothers of HewlettStake, of Hewlett, by a division was created

Co., the has been of chairman namedthe wards. Elmhurst and RobDimond committee, includes the followwhichert bishop, with T. Paine named was

: ing Dell B. Stringham, members Frank Brossard andClarence Truman J. Sterling repre- D. Ashdown; Nelson, H. counselors.Nethercott,

senting the general committee; Elmo

March 16, 1940 H. Lund, secretary; and Roscoe W.

Ground was broken for the $260,000 Eardley, storehouse supervisor.

Oahu Stake Tabernacle, Honolulu, Hawaii. Elder Charles A. Callis of the HOST OF FRIENDS HONORS

Council of the Twelve and Presiding GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Bishop LeGrand Richards attended the AS HE REACHES 70 ceremony. (\n the occasion of his seventiethMarch 31, 1940 birthday, April 4, Elder George

Tracy Y. Cannon, director of the Albert Smith of the Council of the

McCune School of Music and Art and Twelve was honored at a special public GE0RGE ALBERT SMITH AS HE WAS PHOTOchairman of the Church General Mureception in historic Lion House. GRAPHED AMONG THE TALL TREES OF HAWAII

sic Committee, was guest speaker at Friends numbering into the thousands ABOUT TWO YEARS AGO.

the Music Teachers'National Associwere greeted by the loved churchman ation conference at Los Angeles. Atand civic leader in the course of the nated a broadcast from the Lion House

tracted by the progress made through evening, particularly friends and assoin his honor.

Church music institutes in training ciates from the M. I. A., Boy Scouts Children of Elder Smith who prechoristers and organists to raise the of America, Utah Pioneer Trails and pared the reception, Mrs. Robert Murstandards of devotional music, officers Landmarks Association, Society for the ray Stewart, Mrs. George O. Elliott,

of the association asked Elder Cannon Aid of the Sightless, and Sons of the (Concluded on page 310) fcdibfiiaL d Jsnih. 4. What? whosafe todo sayverythatlittletheytalkingare theaboutleastit; criticaland it wouldmembersbe

pREQUENT among the inquiries that come to of the Church. It is a provable fact also, that

they."blest are and "happy are those that pertain to desk our the payment

all, is in tithing are matter a which two After itself tithing. is called that principle of the Not

in his Father Heaven; and man, and into question, in the of concerned—a application individual but

in to resort ledgerjuggling matters such do not we it principle the that there appears has been much all "Verily consciencequieting. unto I say you and

in places discussion various the throughout Church,.... their. they honest hearts are know. who question: led to of tenth the has ask which a many are accepted of me."(Doctrine and Covenants what? 97:8.)—R.L.E. There is nothing new that can be said on the

it is subject, within these not our purpose and brief JhsLWUUswmaL SiwC'to historical scriptural the review paragraphs and aspects of it. In the matter of bringing offerings ["Respite war and all its attendant adversities, the

children divided the before the Lord, of have men appearits regular Millennial makes Star still least classes into at far as themselves as two back as it for one hundred has done ance in Great Britain, arising third class Abel, a with from someCain and this month.

first offer neither the fruits, nor the years where who record of this oldest existing remarkable The their increase. "seconds,"of anything nor

is a tribute have Church publication to all who interest of tithing, constitutes purposes For what the persistency to its successful from increase himcontributed determine for each or or income must greatest the pens beginning. of minds and Many is left it is self. certainly merely not But what

it. It identified has with of have been the Church living, that after his of taken has a out and man success, persecution tragedy recorded and and

it is all his expenses. family, deducted and Nor praise, vindication, mobbings slander and and

left over; can have nor what what we we think we glorious of darkness achievements, deeds and

is suits spare; convenience. nor our what Nor revelations the Almighty. from

tithing a "courtesy"payment, nor an occasional Changes of style, content, and format may be contribution. indifferent

its time, mission to but from time observed among is tithing the defined with the not of law While it serves the slackened. people has never whom

it is satisfied a taxation, neither precision of by faithful Star, the Millennial the members and May spirit a salved or heart scheming a or grudging it is of a the messenweekly Church among whom it is for to deductions subject conscience. Nor life ger, glorious brighter see longer days, and and

it offsets in does allow nor work; time spent Church come. to things L. E. R. activities contributions the to for Church other

or other worthy charities or causes. Snxiwsdlijnq $jodjcL As are all other laws of the Gospel, tithing is

both temporal and spiritual. Compliance with it Tn every person lies a potential greatness which if

requires both a physical act and an inward acceptcultivated will add to the world at least one wards—whichance, and bringsfactbothis doubtedtemporalonlyandbyspiritualthose whoreneededexactly alike,thing.so noAstwonopersonstwo bladesare identical.of grassEachare

have not brought themselves to inward and outward has a gift, an ability, which, if developed, will bring compliance. an added glory to the world.

If there be those who would quibble about This ability may be nothing more than a gift for amounts and offsets, and expenses and deductions laughter. Yet who shall say that laughter is not

and who would seek for loopholes in the wording the thing most needed now, when all the world of the law—as men are so often wont to do both seems crowded to overflowing with serious, nay, in civil and ecclesiastical affairs—let all such be deadly, things? This laughter would be the clean

reminded that in response to the supplication voiced kind that leaves the one who laughs and the one in 1838 by the Prophet Joseph Smith: "O Lord, who hears refreshed and kindly toward the world

show unto thy servants how much thou requirest at large. It would not be of a blatant, careless kind

of the properties of thy people for a tithing,"there that makes the world seem to be an unclean place.

came the answer: "Verily thus saith the Lord, I The ability may be a gift of friendship, and who

require all their surplus property.... And after dare say that this power of friendship may not point

that, those who have thus been tithed shall pay onethe way to a safer, saner way of friendliness in tenth of all their interest annually.... And I say larger units? The ability may be a capacity for

unto you, if my people observe not this law,... understanding people. Who does not need this

it shall not be a land of Zion unto you."( Doctrine ability to understand those with whom he mingles?

and Covenants 119:1, 3,6.) [Italics ours.] This seed of greatness which lies within each

And so it may be seen that there is ample reason of us needs nurture; without that nurture, it will

for extending broadly the base on which tithing is lie dormant, valueless to ourselves and to others.

paid, and little justification for squeezing it within With care, it will mature, and its growth will add narrow limits. There are many throughout the beauty for the spirit of men, provide shade to succor

Church who have made a lifetime practice of paying the faint and weary, produce fruits to sustain life.

tithing on every dollar or commodity that passes Let no man say that he is not needed in this through their hands to which they have personal world; let him rather seek for his potential greatness

title, whether by gift or as reward for labor that he may cultivate it for his own satisfaction and and who then respond willingly to other calls and for the greater good of mankind. M. C. /.

lieve the Bible as it read when it came from the pen of the original writers. Ignorant translators, careEvidences and less transcribers, or designing and corrupt priests

have committed many errors."reconciliations The human element in the formation of the Old

Testament explains many things otherwise obscure.

There are many episodes in the Old Testament thatxxv. What Liu Bul WjlIl&xuisl suggest a lack of respect for human life. Undoubtat of Life edly, the Giver take it. His will mayx> ihsL Old Jsi&tamswL?

life should be times There be forfeited when may

HThe contents of the Old Testament center upon because of sins committed. Yet, it is probable that

the hisLory of t',.? peo;;ie chosen of God to acin some reported cases, the Lord has been credited

complish a mighty pnrpcse, a people who because with commands that came from the lips of the of their own action.; passed through periods of human leaders of the day. It is to be observed also

progress and degeneracy. In telling the story, that ancient Israel altogether too often adopted

the writers have sought to show that obedience to practices peculiar to the primitive peoples of the divine laws of conduct leads to joy, while disobeday, rather than those revealed by the Lord. Simdience brings only sorrow and defeat. In that ilarly, there are episodes which suggest low stanrespectuniversal—fittedthe teachingsfor anyof people,the Oldat Testamentany time. are tribaldards neighborsof sexual morality,of ancientsuchIsrael.as characterizedSuch immoralthe

To drive home the lesson, every literary device episodes and other deviations from the law of is used. History appears, especially of contempothe Lord seem to be recorded as warnings. Men

raneous events. There is constant resort to formal were no better then, than they are now. But it

preaching and teaching. Poetry, allegory, figures must always be kept in mind that the God of Israel

of speech, parables are employed with powerful thundered to the people in the wilderness, "Thou effect. Everywhere, the knowledge of the day, shalt not kill,"and "Thou shalt not commit

sometimes limited, is reflected in the telling of the adultery."Never has there been an abrogation of

story. Intelligent readers always separate the mesthese commands.

sage of a book from its form of presentation. That Though allowances must be made for human

must be done in reading the Bible, if its true meanimperfections, yet the Holy Scriptures have never ing is to be caught. been wholly at the mercy of man. The essential

The principles of truth, the Gospel, have been message of the Lord to His children on earth has taught by the Lord to man, from the beginning of ever been preserved. The books of the Old Testathe human race. At times, men have been divinely ment bring to us the unchanging doctrine of God's

inspired to commit to writing the eternal truths pernature, man's relationship to Deity, and the glortaining to human existence. Thus have come the ious, eternal destiny of righteous, obedient manHoly Scriptures. kind. They contain the most precious truths of

Nevertheless, though the doctrine contained in humanity. They give the most complete exposition

the Old Testament has been given by the Lord, of Gods law for human conduct. As they relate

the actual writing has been done by mortal men, the story of God's dealings with His people, the in their own language. This is always so. The nature of our Father in Heaven becomes better

Lord, speaking to the Prophet Joseph Smith, said, understood. Without the books of the Old Testa-

"These commandments are of me, and were given ment, the earth would be poor indeed.

unto my servants in their weakness, after the manThe Hebrew scriptures rise above the folklore ner of their language, that they might come to of the nations as a sunbathed mountain peak rises understanding."That is, the Lord does His work out of the mists; for example, the Babylonian Epic

in our behalf through earthly instruments. Naturof the Creation centers around the battles of two

ally, therefore, in outward form there may be errors, gods who are both sea monsters. The one monster

or we may misunderstand; but in inner substance, overcomes the other and from his body the earth is

the eternal truth is preserved for those who read created. This account is translated as follows

understandingly. This doctrine has been stated in Then took their stand Tiamat and the leader of the gods,

unusual beauty by Moroni, "Thou hast also made Marduk;

our words powerful and great, even that we cannot For the fight they approached, for the battle they drew near.

write them; wherefore, when we write we behold The lord spread out his net and enclosed her,

our weakness and stumble because of the placing TheAs Tiamatevil windopenedfromherbehindmouthhe tothrustits fullintoextent,her face.

of our words; and I fear lest the Gentiles shall mock The evil wind he drove in, so that her lips could not close.

at our words."With the mighty winds he filled her belly.

courage taken away, and she was opened her mouth. Further, it is well known that the original manuHer

spear, fall the her belly, he burst open He let scripts of the Old Testament have passed through He cut through her inward parts, he pierced her heart, numerous hands before they reaiched the form He bound her and her life destroyed;

available to us. They were copied by hand. InHer body he cast down and stood upon it.

rested, the lord her gazed he body, upon accurate as well as accurate, dishonest as well as Then the of divided; monster he formed The flesh he honest, unbelieving as well as believing scribes have He split her open like a flat fish into two halves;a cunning plan.

had access to them. Material may have been added One half of her he established and made a covering of the

or taken away; mutilations may have occurred; heavens.

established bolt, a guard, a he He drew misunderstandings, orthrough by deliberate let out, her waters not to come act, And he commanded. crept into the text. errors and changes may have Barton, (See George Archaeology A. and the Bible,

In the words of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, "I bepp. 272, 273.) {Concluded on page 319)

J)nMe UNTO THE HILLS HOW GREEN WAS In fact, this is the kind of book we are (Richard L. Evans. Harper Brothers, MY VALLEY eager to recommend to all who have homes

New York, 1940. 147 pages. $1.50.) (Richard Llewellyn. Macmillan Company,—or will have homes—and to all renters

New York. 1940. 494 pages. $2.75.) who think that they don't want to be

is collection the "sermonettes"a of this with kind with because homes,This this nostalgic a bothered portraying novel Into L. Elder Richard accomEvans by will in there of book, an upswing be homethe of goes mining camp Welsh much the broadChoir morningpanying Sunday buying. /. C. M. it stuff of of family where life—regardless the Saintcasts Latterday Tabernacle from lived. parUnderstanding be between may millions, in the City.in Salt Lake Among NANSEN ents children, between understanding and

regularly in"countries, "tune Illustrated. whomany Gertrude (Ann refeeling of employees, employers and

this spiritually thoufed broadcast,to be by Press, 1940. York, Viking NewHall. superior those sponsibility of have who

insistent written, requestssands have made pages. 165 $2.50.) this all ability, into these enter things of

availablethat "sermonettes"the be made uses delightful author the volume. Because Fridtjof in died Nansen May,in form. permanent When first telling story, the in gains the he person left 1930, a behind he him name this beautifully printed response, and In all his experiences vividness. of not While exploration, science, with synonymous and presents hundred about volume twobound all to persons, simare they are common It that strange diplomacy. seems one man

fifty of the of "sermonettes"thousands.and all in find ilar will that pleasure enough all lifetime his three in could encompass Elderdelivered Evans. These have been by reading them. C. M. J. this In activities. for people, book young

for the needstopically arranged and moods this great Hall has Miss walk made man five readers. are,of divisions the main LEGACY The lives readers'into the as of an example what Press, Coles. (Christie Wasatch Its Lund the Vainness Passing;"and"Time "O given plus the to done, desire a can be do Salt 1939. City, $1.00.) pages. 38 Lake the Frailties the of Foolishness andand to determination achieve.

Restraint;""Freedom andMen;""Some this slim verse of of author volume is wellwritten ventureand book The THE in aConstants World;"Changing "From is to of the.Era readers wellknown satisfy to the active some most enough boy.

ofthe Experience;"Record and and Time freverse of lovely her which has because is It beautiful also to satisfy the enough

to Endless Things Come.""Toward its pages. apquented have poems Her artistic illustrated person, having most been

Each item under these headings presents peared in Good Housekeeping, the Saturby Boris Artzybasheff. This is a book

Post, Kaleidograph, tending to of profounda thought meaning Evening day the New which deserves wide reading.—M. C. /.

is publications. otherclarify of life. a problem Sun, and York The thinking

clear, applicable to daily needs, and couched The book has a message to all readers. THESE WERE THE BRONTES

in beautiful English, often with an original, Anyone reading "Dark Hour"will try to (Dorothy H. Cornish. Macmillan

compelling turn of phrase. It is easy, helplearn fully the meaning of friendship and Company, New York, 1940. 491

ful, and stimulating reading. The volume preserve it. In "Promise,"the challenge is pages. $2.50.)

to live close profitably given read as a whole; be and thenmay to Him who will sustain Although this is a novel, into its pages life. us. In ageless thought,reread, thought to enrich House,"a woman's "White by

Many readings will not exhaust it. It is cry for security in love will find an answergo much that will prove helpful to

likely to become a cherished companion of ing echo in all women's hearts. parents of young families. The author has

insight into the a keen minds of young perit.all with acquainted poetry to get of acquainted with become It is a who A book

interpretation Particularly is her of Christie Coles. to for which is Legacy by Lund comfortvolume M. we may turn C. J. sons.

or inspiration as needs arise. It will serve these talented young persons delightful.

also has She a delicious sense of humor OF FRIENDSHIP TESTAMENT for public addresses. as a theme bookmany

( Verax Brittain, Macmillan understanding of people a keen genCompany, New and of rareAltogether it is a value book which

altogether worthwhile An title. in robdeath 1935 the Holtby's novel—this Winifred—hencewill lift the souls of men to spiritual heights York. 1940. 412 pages. $2.50.) erally. about the worldfamous one of her of bed most promEngland one President Foreword by An appreciative C. /. is ising novelists. Brittain Miss Brontes.—M. no Clark, introduces Jr., the volumeJ. Reuben

field, for to the American newcomerto reader; the the preface a modest author by LAST her THE FLOWER enjoyed Testament wide popuYouth offollows, valuable a the and gives appendix Thurber. Harper (James and Brothers, larity her here, Estate while Honourable to allreferences passages. quoted book The 1939. York, $2.00.) New her further endeared and Thrice Stranger ais dedicated life for all those "To whom

to public. the Americanis subtitle search."reads, the of Par- a book "A THE this, latest Brittain's In book, Miss her tell in Pictures."able the about To all Saints Latterday search and who is the friendship Miss Holtby's for and medium is unfair; to obviously seen be book it must life,the better individuals or families, would in through used depicting a whole epoch it seen! be Parappreciated—and be must well to possessdo familiar and become with lives the people those of minds and young it ents their to that children, should showthis book.—/. A. W. results of the disastrous experienced who truth the early be sown. peace may When

efforts to the Their obtain World War. it will parents a comes, because come have

lasting forgotten should peace not be when the in fertile, seed impressionableTHE TIDE MOVING shall conflict the present once have more will be unthinkable. war (Jessie B. Rittenhouse. Houghton minds—andsown halted. been C. /.Mifflin Boston. 142 pages. Company,—M. leisdelightful countryside English The

$2.00.) this in wellwritten urely unfolds volTHERE'S LIKE PLACE NO HOME

ume.- /. C.'M. slender I 'his of ScribEllenwood. verse Charles includes (James volume Lee

* the author's best some of loved poems FOR THE HOUSE A WEEK ENDS ner's$2.00.)Sons, New York, 1939. 230 pages. earlierof years as recent well as unsome Little, (Virginia Kirkus. Brown and

verse.published poem, One Wage,""My 1940. pages. 246 Boston, Company, the that points enough, author out SANELYit is in these keep remembering good to days $2.50.) the "results to danger one from homeof verse doubt. should second be The oversentimentalization to reluctance a and delightful completely will anbookmemorized This

illogical face of its picture a realistic and the of question to obtain swer a how "For Life is a just employer, house and make it into the ideal home curious nature."The author also states

He gives you what you ask, whether for the week ends or for all the that, although other agencies may be largely

But once you have set the wages, week will depend a good deal on what the responsible for teaching our children, the

Why, you must bear the task."woman of the house does for her living. Inhome is the laboratory where the lessons are

to this book go such practical details as how tested.

Everyone would do well to read poetry to determine the value of the house, by Although the entire book is exceptionally each day of his life because of its awakenbeing sure that the foundations are secure; sensible in its approach to the home situaing of the senses to the beauty within us and that the beams are not termiteridden; that tion, the chapter on "Rules and Reasons"

around us. This volume of poetry will the needed conveniences such as telephone is a gem. Get the book—and find that

sharpen the reader's appetite for fuller and electricity are available; and that the homemaking can be fun. M. C. ].

living. M. C, J. house is livable. (Concluded on page 293)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C JOSEPHSON

BUILDING PERSONALITY one tiny finger in the place where the She felt very well pleased with herself,

THROUGH SPEECH pictures and notes were, and marched She had made a joke and caused a

TRAINING proudly to the side of Teacher's desk. laugh. But how about little Emily?

By Dr. Deta P. Neeley She skillfully opened her geography Only those who have a vivid memory

without dropping a single thing and of the times when they were in her place warm, happy smile lit up Emily's brought it to rest on the great desk can understand.

plain little face as she cleared her beside her. By the time Emily was asked to take

in preparation for geog- "Aren't you being a bit presumptuover the class, she felt so insecure andA desk raphy. All day she had waited for this ous?"asked Teacher. uncomfortable that she did very badly.

moment and now that the time had Now Emily didn't know what "preHer eyes were centered on a spot on come, she was breathless with excitesumptuous"meant. It was such a great the wall—anywhere but on the eyes of

ment. Since the first day of school big word that surely it must mean her classmates. Her breath was shalshe had tried to please the pretty new something very nice. Undoubtedly low and irregular, her voice weak, and

teacher but all her efforts had only Teacher was pleased at sight of the her enunciation indistinct. She began

ended in failure; now at last she had pictures and notes; so little Emily gave to halt and stammer. Her "ahs"and

her chance. her the nicest smile she had and said: "ands"were overworked. The odds

Father had just returned from Den- "I'm glad you think so."were all against her. It was impossible

mark, where he had filled a mission, and That was what Mother always said under the circumstances to learn to since the lesson was on Denmark, Emily when someone gave her a compliment. think and express herself courageously.

had been asked to take her classmates But was it a compliment? Quite sudEmily, with the weight of failure reston an imaginary trip. Inside the big denly she realized that Teacher looked ing heavily upon her and smarting

geography book were her notes and the angry, Poor little Emily; all the from the "wisecracks"of Teacher and

pictures Father had given her. She had warmth and happiness had gone out the laugh of classmates, opened the door

memorized all the words on the cards of her and in their place were only emof her home to find herself in the midst and knew just when to hold up each barrassment and confusion. of Mother's friends.

picture and when to sing the little Dan- "W-e-1-1! First I ask what is meant "Why, where have you been?"called

ish song and show the pretty little by a foreign land and you rush to the Mother when Emily would have hurDanish doll, dressed in peasant costume. front of the room and take possession ried away to her room.

When she had asked Father to hear her of my desk and then when I ask you "Oh, I went over to Aunt Alice's. I

say it through, he had looked ever so if you don't think you're being a bit took it for granite you wouldn't care."

pleased. presumptuous, you say you're glad I For some reason unknown to the

land—"Our"lessonbegan todayTeacher.is about a foreign thinkshe hadso,"provedsaid Teacher,a martyrbelievingto the causethat roaredlittle girl,with Motherlaughter. and her friends

Emily heard no more. She was so of patience when she refrained from "Say it again for the ladies,"laughed

beset with conflicting emotions that telling just how she felt. Mother.

she was not thinking clearly and when At this, the other children laughed Thinking they hadn't heard her, the little girl who sat behind her gave uproariously. Teacher had meant they Emily spoke again very distinctly:

her a nudge, she quickly gathered up should. She had virtually directed them "I took it for granite you wouldn't

her geography, being careful to keep to make fun of their little classmate. care."

"Granted, not granite,"laughed

time that For the second exher day BABIES SURE THRIVE ON IT pressionsMother. "She says the funniest things."ridicule her. had brought upon

It was more than she could bear and she

ELSIE—IT'S SO DIGESTIBLE fled from the room with blinding tears

Borden'b glamour row filling her eyes.

- EVAPORATED MILK Tt is hoped that this limited picture of

MADE BY BORDEN'S Emily will indicate the human frailties of the teacher and the mother which caused them to lose sight of the child as a personality tied by heartstrings of

Why not? For Gail Borden painsjoys andandsorrows.pleasures,It hopesis her andemotionalfears,

had the health needs of tiny life that is most significant. The greatchildren in mind when he est joys and the most poignant distress

invented the process of preof youth arise from associations with serving milk in cans. other people. Facing every child are

conflicts her with parents other and it is So today—thousands adults responsibility for assume who are of babies thousands and

conduct, conflicts the and she must St. her thriving on Borden's—children. other with have mild How It's irradiated Charles brand. conflicts these and few are is a measure

with sunshine Vitamin D. of the child's mental health, personality,

For infant feeding, for and behavior—her happiness, likablecooking—buy Borden's ness, and citizenship.

Undoubtedly the teacher and mother had not set out to do Emily harm; perUtah Product haps they meant to help her. But what

IF IT'S BORDEN'S. IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD they overlooked{Continuedwas thatonthepagechild's292)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Homing m {Continued from page 291 S, /TM4KS social fears and anxieties impair her learning process. How well she can

A HIT WITH howspeak,wellhowshewellcan shestudycandependconcentrate,largely on the emotional comfort she enjoys.'

frankly to unprove what degree we **>.*... wittinglyBut we all need to ask ourselves to to blocks the be stumbling MEN most effective learning, and to what extent we help unconsciously to destroy

wholesome mental health and personality in the child even though our very ardent purpose is to build them up.

The hickory stick has almost gone from the classroom and home but a still lingers more dangerous weapon STRAWBERRY the teachers'parents'and venomous tongues. Sarcasm is cruel, and there SHORTCAKE is no healing power in it. While it may

serve as a safety valve for the person using it, belittling children has very

Make it this easy way! littleConfidenceinfluenceis towardthe truebuildinghealingthemlotion.up.

No man can resist a serving of deliHowever, we should not be too hard cious strawberry shortcake with a on Emily's teacher or mother. Where

delicate biscuit crust and plenty of is the teacher or parent who has not juicy crushed strawberries. This "hit smiled or laughed aloud at the questions

dessert"is no trick at all to make if or remarks of an innocent child who you use Globe "Al"readymixed had not meant to be funny at all? The

Biscuit Flour for the crust. The easy, tendency to laugh at children and to

quick recipe is on the side of the make fun of their unconventional package. Insist on Globe "Al"for speech is a universal practice behind

that good "homemade taste". which is the powerful and insidious,

unconscious urge to seek superiority.

// WeBut childrenare proneareto laughnot theat othersonly victims.of our

own age. Let us recognize this human GLOBE "Al frailty and set about to sin less frequently. At first we cannot expect too ISCUIT FLOUR Monday through Friday. much of ourselves. But if we earnestly Listen to "Mary Foster, The Editor's Daughter"every

KNX 8 A. M.; KSFO 3:00 P. M. try we can all improve. Our success

will depend on how well we can put ourselves in the child's place, see a little as he sees, understand a little as he understands, and feel a little as he feels.

As we gain selfcontrol and improve in these respects, we are going to be able to help children acquire more poise, feel more at ease when they attempt to think and speak, and therefore, to think more clearly and to speak more comfortably and effectively. Furthermore, we shall then prove to every

child that we have a very high regard for the sacredness of his personality.

Since all education begins at the cradle and since there is nothing beauning—sotiful in lifethethatabilityhas toan speakabruptandbeginex-

press oneself is a neverending process which should be cultivated throughout the educational system. From the time

SPAGHETTI theof thechildsimplefirst beginsthings toaboutlearnhim,the henamescan be taught apt expression of his feelings

Timesaving casserole meals are extra tasty and thoughts; just as we prefer to buy

when you use Globe "Al"Spaghetti or clothes that fit exactly rather than ones

Macaroni. Extra nutritious, too, because that will do—so we should encourage

Globe "Al"Spaghetti and Macaroni are the child to find the word that expresses 100% Semolina, made from rich Durum his thought exactly.

wheat! Even though every child cannot reach

the highest goal, he should develop (YOU'LL BE GLAD YOU BOUGHT GLOBE "Al") some power and learning to radiate whatever warmth of personality he has.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

""SSsa Homing inthesquaresrest of aroundgelatin eachmixturepearandhalf,chill.serveCuton lettuce, and garnish with dressing. S0

In the final analysis a ready vocabularymust be augmented by a true warmth Oldfashioned Strawberry Shortcake 9of understanding, and a tolerance for cu&CGveked the ideas of others and a sincere search- 2 cups Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour ing for truth. For "though I speak with 34 cup Utah Beet Sugar

of Sprinkle nutmeg of of angels, tonguesthe and and men 1 egg Milk White as soundnot charity, becomehave I am: 2 butter tablespoons Cloverleaf ft SALADS or a tinkling cymbal."ing brass Cloverleaf milk a soft dough to make

Cloverleaf whipping cream strawberries NEEBED—| THE COOK'S CORNER Add the sugar and nutmeg to the biscuit

By Barbara Badger Burnett flour. Combine the egg (beaten), milk, and

Minced Clam Omelet With Asparagus meltedslightly. butter.Roll halfAddof tothethedoughflour,tokneadfit a

4 Milk White eggs round cake tin. Put in tin and brush with

1 can Pioneer Minced Sea Clams melted butter. Roll rest of dough and place

2 tablespoons Clover Leaf butter on top. Bake at 425 degrees. Split and

34 tablespoon salt fill with strawberries. Top with whipped

y teaspoon pepper cream.

2 tablespoons Borden's St. Charles Evaporated Milk

Beat egg yolk until thick and light. Add The "Penny Black"

seasonings, milk, and clams drained from ( Concluded from page 276) liquid. Fold in the egg whites beaten stiff.

Melt the butter in a frying pan, pour in stamps now so much prized by colmixture, and cook slowly until browned lectors.

broiler side. under topon under Brown

of the with We may not rightly close our comone-halfflame. omelet Cover

cooked asparagus and fold. Garnish with ment on the "Penny Black"without

strips of bacon. a cheer for modest yet persistent

Wheat Pancakes, Club Style Rowland Hill, the English schoolmaster. Later he became Sir RowFlour 2 Globe cups Pancake "Al"merited land Hill recognition as the 1 Albers'Carnation cooked cup of Wheat

\ x/2 cups Cloverleaf milk and rewrard of a grateful country.

1 Milk White egg, beaten Sir Rowland truly is the father of 1 can White Star Tuna penny postage and the inventor of THE P&tfvctDRESSING

Pimento Minced bacon cheese spread that first famous adhesive postage... and you'll make the same

Tomatoes stamp which so effectively pictured discovery. You'll find that

Ripe olives and popularized penny postage to salads without TANG are

Nalley's mayonnaise English people and which stirred the often flat—so mild they're

tasteless. to inclined be With egg, milk wheat. Beat the cooked add and nations to follow their of the world take vegetables on TANG, flour, the mixingSlowly to a add pancake example. flavor that gain new batter. in seveninchsmooth panCook.. the something name which. layer thickcakes. a with cake Spread one

of tuna, blended with mayonnaise. Cover TANG implies. TANG is awith second pancake and spread with On the Book Rack dressing designed to give

pimento cheese. Add another pancake and (Concluded from page 290) foods the tang they naturally

sprinkle with minced bacon and cover with lack. Don't serve salads

tomato slices. Cover with fourth pancake PARTIES AND PROGRAMS FOR without it. Buy the economand garnish with lettuce and ripe olives. PARENTS'DAYS ical quart size. At grocers

(Julia Anne Rogers, 1939, National everywhere.

French Toast Recreation Association, New York. Add tangy flavor with TANG to

salads, cold meats, sandwiches, sea 160 pages. 75c.)

slices12 Royal bread foods, sliced fresh or tomatoes, to Mutual workers who are dishes. cheese asparagus, canned 2 eggs Invaluable Milk White

1 tablespoon Karo planning innumerable Fatherand-Son Exceptionally good on potato salad.

banquets or Motherand-Daughter Borden's St. Charles Evaporated outingsJ4 cup Inc. Made by NALLEY'S, to stimulating and would those who Milk like Manufacturers of Quality Foods special for to arrange programs Mother's salt38 teaspoon

Mazola and Father's days, this publication of the

National Recreation Association should find milk, eggs, the the Karo, Beat add and Saints. ready acceptance Latterday among

this,salt. in slice the at bread Dip one for patterns in Included are the book

in sufficient time. frya Drain and Mazola things for mother. can which be made

to sticking. from broiled keep Serve with recipes, songs, readings, poems, Games,

bacon and Karo. decorations are included for all kinds of

Molded Pear Salad parties. And the book includes something

that most of our Mutuals have not so far 2 packages Royal Lime Gelatin planned—daughterand-dad outings.

2 water cups boiling 2 cups cold water GARDENING 12 pear halves (National Recreation Association, New 1 carton Cloverleaf cottage cheese York City. 1940. 59 pages. Fifty cents.)

deals brochure with gardening by Nalley's Salad Time Dressing THIS cherries the the school, community, and the lettuce of arousing should be conducive home, and

Add the boiling water to the gelatin and interest in the raising of better gardens.

stir until dissolved. Add the cold water and With the Church interest in the Beautifipour half of mixture in a flat pan. Chill cation program, all who deal with young

until set. Arrange pear halves on this people in any of our auxiliaries and the

gelatin, fill centers with cottage cheese, and Priesthood quorums would do well to use garnish each with a cherry. Cover with this helpful guide. M. C. /

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

slam, the refrigerator eleven before door and heard It was was the workFledglings still slept. smiled. done. enough. Upstairs food Susannah There was

(Continued from page 275) I'm getting started... getting in She had seen to that. Dan might Lucy set a place for her on a corner

not grow me, I'm help peoplewith can who foolish impatientways—notwithshe!their young and mendingof the diningwent table,out to> andthe coolnesstaking herof it tying myself to spoilgoing all by

down. Live in a little walkup flat? "Mother,"whispered Susannah the front porch. It was pleasant

quiet. there, started up. the very breeze doorway. and Lucy A small for Carla."not even He fromNo sir,

I carried he? roses. smell the of climbing Ted, come, won't "He easily, "She'll said then andpaused

I it if relax. herself bear not mean. She felt She did willI—I—couldn't I'm me. loves for me.wait She

going to enjoy my youth while I thought he wouldn't come."see Carla coming up the walk.

have it.""He loves you, darling,"said "Mrs. Cleeves,"said Carla.

open. flew Lucy's eyes had She couldn't Lucy; stay away.""he then, turned out and Lucy went He

like that, Carla's never voice heard ringing clock of the alarm The smiled to Dan. eyesbewildered He

tight elastic as low an and band sleep. shut from dragged She Lucy mirth. thatat held smile no her—a to break. "Carla! glad I'm about still his slept, off rose. and Dan to it old are they enough say"They

live their lives their own way, and head pillowed on his arm. She to see you, dear."She patted the

then they say they are too young touched his shoulder and found it chair beside her.

for life's responsibilities. Oh, Lucy, tense. She sighed, noting the new Carla sat instead on the porch

what have we done to them?"lines around his eyes; his work was step. Lucy, looking at her, thought

Lucy forced back the tears. "If much too strenuous, for one of Dan's she had never seen anyone so lovely.

girl's shade eyes were a deep The years. money, Dan. morewe had We startling of blue, against the, blackget could help them.could She felt better after her shower. They

hair. of ness her looked very She."

.. living the threshold of themarried. room On

until young, Lucy her mouth, saw disin staring about stopped, abruptly Susanher turned away. she He

its thin, soft pinched curves and "I a shambles. her chair. room may. up from was jumped Thenah

can't stand it,"she cried; "I came Cushions were flung here and there gone.

home to get away from quarrels. upon the floor, halfeaten sandCarla said, "I've come to say

What's happened to all of you?"wiches curled dry and distastefulgoodbye."

looking on scattered plates. Half- "Goodbye? But why? And Dale?"

.Lucy could not sleep. She finished cups of chocolate stood on Carla bent and picked a dandelay stiff and wideeyed on the far tables and on the piano. lion from its nest in the grass.

side of the bed, staring into darkThere was a thud from upstairs "Dale,"she said at last, "has a new ness. Dan, she knew, was awake. and the sound of heavy footsteps. car, a beautiful car, all blue and

But between them in the last hours Quickly she gathered up the dishes. shiny, with a hundred gadgets,"she

had grown a barrier. She longed She couldn't let Dan see this. She smiled crookedly, "a very beautiful

for his arms, gentle and comforting was used toforgotten dishes, but the car, I assure you, Mrs. Cleeves. It

around her, but she made no move. white rings that the cups left on her should be. All my dreams are in it."

Tonight he was a stranger. tables made her feel a little sick. So she had seen it then, before

From downstairs came the sound She threw a scarf over them when Dale had had a chance to explain.

of voices and laughter. The chilDan came in. He looked about him, Lucy's heart contracted with pity for

dren and their friends, a welcome disgust on his strong, blunt features, her. It must have been a terrible

home party for Susannah. The radio then took the dishes from her and shock. "I'm sorry,"Lucy said. "But

spilled its music on the night. She carried them into the kitchen. Dale felt that he had to have it.

Lawyers, my child, almost have to have a—a front."

Carla sat up very straight. "I'm

not a child, Mrs. Cleeves. I'm a EAT MILK WHITE''EGGS woman. A woman who has loved

your son for five years, and who has for Vitamins—for Minerals hadthe townthat loveto see.flungThey—theyin her face forwereall

even hinting about wedding pres- "Milk White"Eggs are a treasuresource of vitamins ents. But Dale bought a car instead."

and minerals and protein... they're good, and good Lucy said, "I'm sorry,"and fumfor you, too! "Milk White"Eggs have a national republed with the socks in her mending

tation as best eggs. They cost no more. Next time you basket. "But Carla, it will come out

shop ask for "Milk White"Eggs! all right..."The girl stopped her

with a wave of her hand.

"Milk White"Eggs are used exclusively at all M. I. A. Cooking Schools.

"You didn't want us to get married five years ago. You wouldn't

let us work it out. We would have

EAT MORE EGGS T/u pedfeod won through then. Oh, why didn't

you leave us alone?"

"I wanted you to be happy,"said

Lucy. She went to Carla and tried

MILK WHITE EGGS togedtakeaway.her in"Iherdidarms.thinkCarlaof you,shrugtoo,

Carla. Believe me. I didn't want

you to go through the things I did:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Fledglings poverty, hard work, worry... I 7%4 GENTLE BLEACH 4itmi

wanted love to be a beautiful thing for both of you."

Carla laughed. The sound of itwas dreadful on Lucy's ears. "You r

didn't want us to have a love like yours? A love that fought through /'/ SAl/ED OVER $/5

illness poverty childbearand and ing? that the right to be A YEAR SINCE / had A love

open and free and wonderful? A CHANGED FROM HARSH bleaches injure linens.

love like that wasn't good enough! HARSH BLEACHES

Don't you know that love is something that has to be worked for? to PUREX

But, no. Your children must never

work for anything. Everything must

be given them. No matter the heartbreak, no matter the cost to others!"

She paused, her face was very white.

"You've kept your children from struggle, Mrs. Cleeves, and you've PUREX,Intrafil Process,made byisthegentleexclusive...

kept them from becoming men and lets linens last!

women."Are you letting harsh bleaches weaken the processed to be gentle to linens. This exShe stood up then, and thrust a fibres of your linens, causing them to fray clusive Intrafil Process removes impurities,

tiny circlet into Lucy's palm. "You out when they should still be giving good leaves Purex with full bleaching strength

give it to him, please. I won't see service? That type of premature "wear"is yet gentle even to delicate fabrics. All

him again, ever."She went up the terribly costly—and it's unnecessary! You white and fast -colored linens and cottons

... Why trustpath very slowly. Once she stumcanwithavoidPurexit. simply.. the bybleachwhiteningthat's yourspeciallywash linensare safe.toJustanyfollowbleachdirectionsbut Purex?bled.

stand, J-/UCY tried to to run after herself her unable and found 4- BEAUTY BATHZ f<m in at the ring looked to move. She

her hand and closed her fingers over it. She could not bear its sparkle.

So'Dan had known the course their love had taken. He had felt the

shame, the terrible guilt that she felt now. A car drove up before the

house. Joel bounded out the door.

He stopped beside Lucy. "What's

the matter, Mom? Don't you feel

well?""I'm all right,"she managed to say. "O.K. Say, will you coax Dad to

give me that racket?"

She did not answer him, and for the first time she felt no pride in him.

"What have I done to them?"she

whispered, and stopped. That was

what Dan had said. Dan, who she

saw now with a blinding clearness had not feared Susannah's approaching motherhood, but who had been torn by her failure as a wife! Dan

flood full onto Purex strength, drainboard spread thousands and Many of women tried Joel! had to awakenwho

cloth. To Justwith drainboards, sink a wet Wipe and stove enamel already learned that have of doing a man's himshow way

little cloth. plain water. Rinse with with same a Pour Purex

thmgs! into drain, and let stand, to deodorize. Purex, the bleach that's

is nothing I can now,""There do this t|| regular touch to your Add linens, gentle to is also a 'said aloud.she Even cleanup though for just it daily one week—kitchen ":Wi—finaldo perfectly cleanser, amazing

is! I!. kitchen your sheerer and see can't protechow take much them,hurts my it A deodorizer and disinfectant short.tion stopped away."She

'Take my protection away,"she refor the kitchen. Used daily

peated. She shoved the words i.jtflSCHMKS the easy way shown here,

away. "I can't do it. I couldn't Purex solves forever that

live without them."old problem of keeping a

after time. slowly, a long She rose

kitchen "sweet."And how other way,"she"There is no said, PUREX

! Try it! to dress. into the houseand went THE lf&i$fe BLEACH thingsPut Purexdo sparkleon your grocery It slid to the cab before was dusk

(Continued on page 296) AND ALLAROUND CLEANSER list today!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Fledglings back with him, drive around for ring winking in her palm.

awhile. For half an hour, Ted. It's Dale took it, his dark face flushing. ( Continued from page 295

it; I'll terribly important."her. find doesn't "She go mean parking. stop the besidea Lucy grinned. She'll K., Lucy, mind."her change "O. if you He herclimbed but enough, out briskly so."say go, heaviness watched him Lucy

infingers counting trembled change drive heart, for watched She him Carla meant her upon and had away to the driver's hand. then went up the path. They were what she said, Lucy knew; and

"You're getting company,"said waiting for her in the cool dimness meaning it, had taken something indriver, turned.the Another Lucy

life. of beautiful the living room, impatience in their finitely of Dale's out

up, of itcab and out had driven eyes. in familiar that were alone So they

the hat Hisstepped Ted. on was "I said, Dan, was sick,"wailed Susannah, room, and and Lucy Dan hair, of his looked red but heback "all in "It afternoon."his to take her arms, coming

her. tired. at smiledharried and He off hat, thing, sorry, her "I'm Lucy."a brave Lucy took was smile"Hello, I came."The Mom. shrill that's doorbell rang, part but Susannah, of having and The

didn't I would, knewdied. "You "It's a here; the I'm house, glad you're piercing Joel, baby. through

you?"and you, too, Dale."Ted,"she said, and went to let him

cried cab to the Lucy "Wait,"favorite got chair in, walking from his up quickly with her head Dan driver. turned to Ted. "Go She her. high. to worried, held came and "I was

my dear. It's so seldom you're not

home."She kissed him. "I'm sorry, Dan,

but renting a house is more trouble than I thought it would be."

"Renting a house?"demanded

Dale. "What are you talking

about?"Lucy ignored him. Her eyes were

on Dan, a desperate plea for understanding in their blue depths. "Dan,

ago, years you do you remember ftEDDY KILOWATTM**ITM KMtectrk*tMAM ye*r travelSr*v**f promised take me me you'd ing? I want to go now. Tomorrow.

I've rented the house and we have

Investigate the some savings, and our insurance.

Oh, Dan, say you will?"

"Why, Mother,"Joel broke in, There's a refreshing tang of the

Special Offer "you must be out of your mind. deepsea in Three Diamonds

What would become of us? Dad Crabmeat that gives a sparkling

on would have to quit his job."flavorlift to spring and summer

Lucy laughed. "You'll get along dishes. Packed freshat-sea, these

wonderfully well. Didn't Dad say tender juicy leg segments of the

something about a job with Pete Giant King Crab bring their natElectric Morris?"She looked past him to ural ocean flavor direct to you.

Dan and saw understanding leap Add a new tastethrill to your into"Wehis shouldeyes. have gone a long time canapes,pared hot cocktails,dishes withsaladsThreeor Diapre-

ago, Lucy,"he said. "But tomorrow monds Crabmeat. Ranges will suit me fine."

Joel looked from one to another Insist on this label at it,"he said at last; your grocer's today... The time of them. "I get

"the birds should be on their own is limited wings. Q. K. I'd better see Pete

Morris."

clasped hands. ing her on "How DO IT NOW! Susannah wept, the tears splashneed do can you when I it? Now

you the most. Oh Ted—Ted—I'm

going back to him. I wish I'd never

See Your Range come home."Lucy watched her go,

beating back the fierce impulse to

Dealer follow.

Now only Dale was left. "You

or know what this means to me,"he said. "I'll have to give up my new THREE DIAMONDS

car. I might even lose my office."BRAND FANCY

Utah Power S3 "No,"said Lucy, "you'll get along all right, now that you've begun. Light Co* And you'll have other cars even more CRABMEAT

beautiful, only..."she reached

out her hand to him, Carla's THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Val ues {Concluded from page 277) 'llii'l 'packing house. Then we'll be close **,4* m#* Lenough to take care of everything mm f

here."Old Curt Rice had come down into the yard. He shuffled up close with his felt hat corrugated between GIVE SERVE

his fingers. "Miz Stratford,"he said, "if UNUSUAL

you're goin'ter move over to the CHOCOLATES packin'house, I'd be right glad to in the ofhaul over your things some $1.25 Assorted and Nuts, Chews.Lb. $1.25 Asssorted. Chocolates, Milk fer ye."andwagon He grinned Assorted..Lb. Chocolates, French Boquet Chocolates Assorted Remembrance Gold $1.00 Lb. up $2.00 of From his the with backwiped mouth

his hand. // your favorite store doesn't have these candies

Mrs. Warner, a little thin woman Write MISS SAYLOR'S CHOCOLATES, ALAMEDA, CALIFORNIA

with a skimpy mouth like a ripple on a pan of skim milk, said, "I want you all to come over to our place for supper, Miz Stratford."Drink This Milk Every Day

And as I walked along the road to the big orchard, I swung the of a rock ahead and kickedbroom for the best of <jaje(juai 4d<\ good, I thought,me. Folks, were

If I deep. weren't so occupieddown

pretending,with posing and I would Vigorous Health

MPDftlMT VWVY5 it often.see more And Mother—

eye, liftGrown-ups as well as growingups need the her see mind'scould in my ing her head and straightening her food substances that are so completely and so shoulders, ready to begin the fight inexpensively supplied by good milk. You'll

again. Her frequent admonition like the finer flavor of Cloverleaf Milk. It's all

rang in my ears, "It isn't what you enriched with precious sunshine vitamin D for have, but what you are."I kicked your protection.

at another rock in the path, but this time I missed, for my eyes were It costs no more than ordinary milk blinded with tears of shame.

B. CECIL GATES ClvwrLurf

WRITES USEFUL Home of Fine Dairy Products %/

CANTATA T} esurrection Morning, Easter cantata by B. Cecil Gates, noted

Church composer, made its first appearance this spring to win immediateand wide acceptance. Nearly seventy JUST GOOD BREAD

small choral groups, most of them ward choirs, called for it before EasterSunday. In one instance, a number of No "hooey"

and CitySalt Lake wards combined in adver- "hooey"Royal There's no mind make Royal you that we it to orchestra accompanipresented it tising. tastesatisfying tell folks to don't try to provide Bread We

ment, while in Mesa, Arizona, home of will make them more beautiful or and bodybuilding food. In other

Ida R. Alldredge, who wrote the words glamorous. All we try to do is rewords, food that you enjoy eating.

for the cantata, it was broadcast from the Temple annex.

In larger setting, selections were sung by the Singing Mothers of the Relief

Society at the organization's recent annual conference, an especially happyincident inasmuch as it is to them that mmthe work has been dedicated. Duets, FI N E

trios, and special choruses of women's voices, moreover, are continuing to useseveral of the cantata's appealing FRESH USB themes as program numbers. every day at your grocer's

It is apparent that Resurrection

Morning is filling the very need the ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden—100% Homeowned

composer intended it should when its {Concluded on page 304) CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD An acceptable religious life must be tions favoring enforcement to one or

CONFERENCE rooted in good moral character. Utah more stake meetings, then appoint comschools, responsive to the mandate of mittees to contact enforcement officers,

T)erhaps the largest General Priestthe law, will aim to train their boys and etc. To get results these committees

hood Conference of record, was girls in good moral character. For should be more or less permanent and

held in the Tabernacle at 7 p. m. on the best results, obviously cooperation with keep in continual contact with the ofevening of April 6, 1940, as part of the agencies, e. g., the home, outside the ficers. And to be influential these comGeneral Conference proceedings. The school will be necessary. This is why mittees should have the backing of pubspirit and instruction were notable. Dr. we urge all our workers and people lic sentiment, expressed at stake or comJoseph F. Merrill summarized and regenerally to cooperate with the school munity meetings.

emphasized the AntiLiquor-Tobacco in every way it may indicate. give kindly committees Will stake

activities.Campaign In matter? attention to this immediate

Dr. A. the discussed John Widtsoe SHALL THESE to favorable the situation LAWS seems be Utahoperation of the four standing quorum BE enENFORCED? schools, for law, public action—thecommittees, particular with reference

all etc., in being forcement

in being trainedto youth the American Welfare the and Committee action. let there agreement. be officers,Now "7V RE meeting. question,monthly lawbreaking? A foolish

finally Bishop dealt Before Richards do LeGrand you ask? deciding ANOTHER ITEM FROM

briefly with please read carefully phases of your answer the on old and new DR. OAKES

Aaronic Priesthood quorums. the following excerpts taken from the

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., disstatutes of the State of Utah: Tobacco Prevents Recovery

tithing affectingcussed as Disease Vessel in Blood employees From furnishes to minor person any who Any institutions affectingChurch as the and gift, sale, cigarette or or otherwise any by besides Obliterans, Thromboangiitis generally. representativesChurch The or cigarette or wrapper, paper paper any is rating the term, high sounding as aof the stakes in wards and were for the of who prepared or purpose making made disease to distressing given a most name

will cigarettes, of orattendance kind tobacco these well to carry any any do in arteries, especially foot of the which is guilty whatsoever, of misdemeanor, a and their intomessages stakes give them and leg, oblitergradually lower and become fine less shall than of a not punished be byeffect in units local the the of Church. ated severe eventually causing pain and

or than or imprisonmore $25.00 $200 by diswritten instructions inPast limb. or of the the gangrene death This and Era

jail in the six not exceeding county ment later, in ease or middle comes but on age inforelsewhere referred should to be fine or imprisonmonths, both such and by it the their bring causes begin which allformation points. doubtful on 1, (Title Article 93, ment. 12.) Chapter stealthy in earlier destructive and work

... is It for also misdemeanor a...

life. to of appears be those one Tobacco the of proprietor place to of business any

causes, following dealthe quotation and to permit minors frequent knowingly such ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO is siging treatment of the with disease toplace of are business they while using nificant. business bacco. here of as term place The COLUMN used shall apply to any and all such places "Tobacco—-Those patients who continto ued against or tobacco adsmoke chew stores, factories, as shops, public garages,GOOD NEWS failed vice to improve. the disconWhile offices, halls, theatres, recreation dance and State of the appointment by"\Jews tinuance tobacco, other of without meascafeterias, cafes, cabarets, pool rooms,

ures sufficient to lasting Instruc- 'Superintendent bring of Public was about restaurants, coaches, waiting passenger and tion, Charles H. Skidmore, of Professor rooms. (Title 93, Chapter 3, Article 1.) improvement in symptoms, we have found

Reuben D. Law to be director of charno lasting improvement in either disease

acter and narcotic education in Utah Many other states have similar prowithout it.

"It tell sufficient to the simply not was gratifying. in their in visions laws. very This donewas was

patient not tobacco. to smoke or chew Most full effort effect to give to lawsan laws These two to be obwere made the patients of for it excessively had used

session at the of served. the 1939 unis observed Butmade Utah law what years. advised physihad been by Many

legislature. These require instruction less efforts are made to enforce it? cians previously to stop its use, but only

and training in the public schools conWill nonobservance inspire respect for two had done so. It was necessary to warn

cerning fundamentals of character and a law? Will violation with impunity them clearly and repeatedly that unless

the harmful effects of narcotics. train or tend to train in violation? they gave up tobacco completely and for

The laws indicate that the work of At a state meeting the Municipal good they could not improve and might the school in these subjects, to be efLeague of Utah resolved several months even lose their limbs."(Bernheim, Alice

R., Isabel M., and London, [New York]fective, the should that these antinarcotic be supported laws must home, ago by

"Arteriosclerosis Thromboangiitis and Obcivic etc. later religious bodies, the be enforced. and Hence Some months literans"Journal American Medical Asforms of cooperation must be worked Utah County Officers'Association sociation, June 19, 1937, Vol. 108, No. 25,

out to secure unity and the best results. passed a similar resolution. page 2103.)

We wish the greatest success to the So we call this matter to the attenSuperintendent, his new director, and all tion of every one of our stake comothers to mittees that every have opportunity and recommend may who one QUORUM PROJECTSaid in this in in states important most work. Utah of them Utah and those

will be watched for results by interested that have similar laws take appropriate far nation,observers in the looking to their enforcement. both away steps No THIRD OF SEVENTY QUORUM

itself. ofthe schools Successand near by. Enforcement law enforces by ACTIVITY REPORTS

will be a tremendous help to our camficers will not act in the enforcement of paign for abstinence. We urge all our such laws as the above unless they are P\uring the year 1939, the Third

workers and sympathizers to give the encouraged to do so. Quorum of Seventy, which infullest feasible cooperation to the We think our committees should act cludes 118 Seventies residing in the

schools in their efforts to carry out the in the matter. We suggest they con14th, 17th, and Capitol Hill wards of

mandates of these new laws. sider the problem, present recommendathe Salt Lake Stake, maintained a full

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

term missionary in the California fifty cents within thirty days after the which was carried on during the summer and mission. death of a quorum member, whose fall at eightday intervals, day or night,

Responding to the call of the First beneficiary receives a benefit of sixty whenever the turn came, and this has been

Council of Seventy to engage in a quodollars. The fund has been operating done with faithfulness.

the to thinned beets ready were be When for project, successfully that the ten years. unanimously Duringrum members

cultivated), previously a (they been had also Priests resolution raised thepassed a 28th of time, on the High have for Hill call Bishop'D. John by made was

six dollars effect missionary the that as a to Seventy hundred eachMay reeighty-eight boys help, and and men would voluntarily contribute one day's fund and have assisted eight of their sponded. The beets were all thinned in one

salary to a quorum welfare fund. Thirnumber to fill short term missions. evening. Later a call was made for men

tyfour brethren took advantage of this and boys to do the weeding; a good number

opportunity. The quorum also assisted GRANGER WARD HIGH responded, and the beets were weeded and

beets were the time second hoed. The PRIESTS'in project of the stake 1500 PROJECT making

assigned Priesthood were Lesser the weeded storefor regional the boxeswooden Brother of direction the is this under interesting story the [ere work an fromhouse. in this group of chairman Albert Hoggan, H'Priest High a Granger Ward, roundedout program, a have activity. To Priesthood as a ward, the project. as follows: report They visit himself to pledgedeach member and cut of were crops hay three The Rentmeister, time brother the Antonethe of the At once a Lord month House Priests. the High hauled A by raked and Priest, died active been an High had who for serviceand a do endowment widow ar.d first crops the two for found buyer was

it 5, the that April decided 1939, on wasin finance the stake to unable bridge feed. was for The who stacked third the was Priests his of the farm would High ward the into leading ditch irrigation report record. annualher the over The own for his acres twenty ground widow. The collapsed road the main from yard fifty house and perordinances that wereshowed Alfalfa, follows: planted as about was crossing, makof was load hay a as heavyformed. grain, reacres; acres; ten the and seven bridge. a construct to it new necessary ing less the of land or been mainder had more conit reinforced of built Priests High The for seeding. prepared ALBERTA MARKSREPORT and donated they material crete, which with L. asked Charles was Brother Bawden PROGRESSSTAKE there. hauled had Priests'director, the William High work by

Ceveral outstanding accomplishments H. Bangerter, to plant the previously conThe grain when it was ready for harvestand owned a combine with cut ing was beets, rest of the acres of tracted and* two highlight report conditions of the Priests'High of the member a operated by grain. to additional the seeded ground wasin the Alberta Stake which was made inlater moved grain the was and quorum, of chairman Hudson, William Brother conference: recent quarterly stakeat a quothe of the members to the granary by of the Priest Granger committee the High

Notable is the achievement of the Ward, furnished a man to do the irrigating, rum.

Aetna Ward, where Bishop Christian

Jensen reports that for the last eight years Ward Teaching has been done one hundred per cent, and that for Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, June, 1940 the last six years there have been no Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

nontithepayers (See supplementary readings, problems, and projects below.)

The stake went "over the top"in the.Era campaign, with two wards obtaining far beyond their quota. 2. Unity: no government in Church

Priesthood apart from in the done was work More Alberta PRICE callings Priesthood, many February, during of the monthTemple OF PRIESTHOOD TEXT III. One MISUNDERSTOOD office of a. Definition other preceding during1940, than any

Priesthood of itself part 1. Not temple. the to a history the in of be appearsFebruary correct what perto be duty or service 2. A To the part of misunderstanding on outin the stake have wards Four Priestof out growing formed the of curthe price concerning some the In their meetinghouses.grown hood text, Priesthood rent Melchizedek

it office of activity,interest has greater of been b. Jurisdiction Government, Church Priesthood and itPriesthood than greater 1. Not divided that these wards beproposed is reinformation following the

self interest that, in of the economy, nobut peated: Priestauthority from 2. Derives is It erected. suggested chapel for be price andnew quorums charge The hood

is copy. a existing $1.50that use to members arrange quorum wards new Priestof 3. Decentralizes power

the order the If with cash comesfacilities. hood

is the is price which a copy, $1.35 activities vataken a have essential Welfare equally offices All (a)

that price made can cash be best in particular sphere Reliefriety of Society forms: The

price. other special the only and No officers equally acknowlAll (b) furnishrequires to one each member is advertised. price or been has calling their in edged its Priestequivalent, while orturkey

hood quorums have projects of their c. Titles arising from office

own: IV. Restoration by ordination and revelation

121st spring In the XVI 1939, of the LESSON a. Lesser Priesthood Of Priesthood Divisions of the 119 of of comprised Seventy,Quorum Priesthood b. Of Melchizedek 102-8) (Read Chapter 9, pp. project, a each hogmembers, began

projects: Problems and pig earmarking a weanermember the Priesthood Priesthood: Holy to I. One temptation be some There Note: may to the fed over turnedbe quorum and in life's Its assist to a. purpose: men position of question raise to the this at point It is for planmarketing. readywhen endeavors Priesthood. of Levitical the character and activity this to to mainthe extendned all offices Its b. scope: and embraces discussion postponed be should Such

tenance of a feed lot for fattening authorities the lesson on Aaronic Priesthood. until

winter stock (steers, sheep, hogs) or II. Division of labor in Priesthood work 1. Explain: "All Priesthood is Melto the seeding of a piece of land in the a. Two major divisions chizedek."

interest of the missionary fund. An 1. Melchizedek 2. In what ways does Priesthood assist

annual fee of five dollars is asked of 2. Aaronic men (a) temporally (b) spiritually? Show

offices specific several the instances by b. how division of Purpose addition. present, ineach At member

special serve Priesthood the 1. human to carry procedure Orderly on of is assistingthe missionary. one quorum are these needs? needs. What varied work is benefit the undertaking unusual An 3. Priestclearly Distinguish between 2. duties Definite special to meet

fund founded by the High Priests of the human needs hood and office.

stake, which provides that members c. Character of division 4. Why does the division of labor as it

shall pay an initial sum of one dollar 1. Coherence, rather than separaoccurs between the Melchizedek and

upon ordination and an assessment of tion, of parts (Continued on page 300)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Melchizedek Priesthood

(Continued from page 299) Aaronic Priesthood seem a logical division to you? How does it work out in practice?

LESSON XVII The Melchizedek Priesthood:

History and Authority (Read Chapter 10, pp. 108411)

I. Origin of name

a. Reverence for Deity: use of His

name avoided b. Greatness of Melchizedek: his name

worthy to designate Priesthood 1. King of Salem

2. Great High Priest: "through

lineage of his fathers"3. Dealings with Abraham

II. "After the order of Melchizedek"(See

Supplementary Readings 1 a. Priesthood of Christ PATRIARCH JOSEPH BENNETT CELEBRATES EIGHTYEIGHTH BIRTHDAY

b. Erroneous conception of Jews: Seventy living descendants and many friends of Patriarch Joseph Bennett met in the amusement hall of

Paul's epistle the Twentyfourth Ward, March 17, 1940, to honor him on his eightyeighth birthday.

of in in Leicestershire, years the Sheepshire, nineteen England, he joined was he when Church Born 1852, III. features Distinguishing

lived has (See Suppleaae. married most of where he the time. he he came to Utah, Mary August 7, On In 1S73, 1879, Readings mentary 2) in living. of in children, Ellen died thirteen are bore ten Allen the House. She 1937. him She Endowment whom

a. Authority over spiritual ordinances Elder Bennett was set apart as patriarch by President Heber J. Grant in 1916. The accompanying picture

b. Right of presidency shows him with seventy of his descendants, who prepared a program and served refreshments to honor him.

c. Power and authority over all offices

of Church c. Enjoyment of Holy Ghost hood reach out a great way, for we are

IV. Events of restoration VI. Elders'quorums told that the Priesthood holds the keys

a. Recorded evidences: Doctrine and a. "Standing ministers to my Church"of the ministration of angels. But

(See Readings Supplementary 27:5-13; 128:20 Covenants Priestthat read the Melchizedek 3) we b. of presiding Responsibility b. Oliver occasion: and Joseph The than greater contains powers hood

translating projects: Problems and It that. the not keys holds only setting: County, Susquehanna c. The 1. there ordination Explain no was why angels, ministration of but of of the Pennsylvania office to the until of the organization Elder

d. Exact time: not definitely known of the Church. Is there need for offices in communion with the heavenly Jeru-

e. The manner: at hands of Peter, the Priesthood outside Church organization? salem, the general assembly and the

James, and John 2. What does being "a standing minister"church of the firstborn, with Jesus

projects:Problems and is selfimply? for opportunity an of the Here covethe Christ Mediator new

1. of the of brief career review Obtain a the of part Elders examination on and holiest highest the nant, and and God earth, Priesthoodthe based Melchizedek on Elders'quorums. all. will of the time when come And His-'in Ecclesiastical Roberts'readingson 3. for brief testimonies Call founded on this those to Priesthood under whotory, Talmage's Apostacy. Great The the the of several performance duties of an

calling, this authority and hold and 2. forestall for or argucause doubt To Elder, to testimony a each to devoted be

ment, have someone summarize carefully different duty. have the spirit of it and minister in that

the recorded evidences, direct and indirect, 4. Discuss the process of training and spirit and obtain the power thereof, the

concerning the event of the restoration of advancement which precedes ordination to Lord will unveil His face, and they shall the Priesthood. Melchizedek the office of you consider Elder. Do (Charles His glory. the gaze upon W.

3. Discuss "Melchizedek Priesthood"as preparation adequate? Defend your opinVol. Penrose, Journal of Discourses, of convenience.a term ion.

4. What significance have Peter, James, 21, p. 49.)

and John as central figures in the restoration 3. Numerically considered, Elders

of the Melchizedek Priesthood? SUPPLEMENTARY READINGS hood;constituteefficiencythe largestand activitybody ofconsiderPriest-

XVIII PriesthoodLESSON For and Church Government at the present ed, are perhaps they Priesthood: MelchizedekThe

least factor in the Church. potent That EldersThe

1. is is, In this entire their not influence quorums, as Hebrews, book of 111115) Chapter(Read 10, pp.

I. Division of labor in Melchizedek PriestPaul reasons with the Jews, unto whom felt for good as it should be. Of course,

hood the epistle was addressed, to show active and influential individuals holding a. Among six offices them that Jesus, the Son of God, whom the office of Elder are to be found

b. By Priesthoodbearers properly authey had crucified, was a Priest after everywhere. But how many quorums

thorized the order of Melchizedek, and that the have made themselves felt for good in c. organization Through quorum In short, Priesthood taken or stake? been which had away their ward how

of term "Elder"II. Use brotherin of are fostering the wilderthe days quorums Moses many

first a. office Specific: in Melchizedek during

Priesthood ness, had been restored through Him. hood and fraternity by manifesting that

b. General: any degree in Melchizedek The Jews entertained the idea that interest and concern in the welfare of

Priesthood Priesthood necessarily came through individual members which the Lord eviIII. Ordination to office of Elder the tribe of Levi, and that the power dently intended? The answer comes,

of organization is, Church: Joseph a. At authority few. Let us, few, and the to too too by united thereof—that Smith and Oliver Cowdery effort, the in minister all things conthese pertaining to earnest improve and

b. adprocess of Today: training and after perbeing that ditions. Elders, to confined Many Priesthood—were vancement in tribe, participate the outof mitted to some had the right and that no one spirministers": Elders as "standing IV.

itual service side of that tribe to officiate in the privileges of the Elder, fail to assume a. Confirmation of those baptized ordinances pertaining to God and to any of the responsibilities of the calling.

b. Ordination to lesser offices mediation between God and the people This should not be. After coming from

c. Administering to sick or the people and God. But Paul very the temple or from the missionary field,

d. Preaching Gospel clearly proved in his reasoning with every young Elder should report him-

e. meetings Conducting that president, self saying higher to that there a Priesthood his quorum them was

of Authority V.

is his labors continue exercised that ready to been Elder: Doctrine and than by he which had now 20:3845 Covenants

a. "To set in order kingdom of God"the descendants of Aaron. (George as "a standing minister to the Church."

b. May officiate in absence of other Q. Cannon, Journal of Discourses, (In the Realm of Quorum Activity, pp.

authority 2. The powers of the Aaronic Priest43-44, Third Edition, 1930.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

their prophetleader of the absence

Forty days and THE AARONIC duringin the Mount. PRIESTHOOD elapsed since he, accompanied nightsonly hadby

Second in a series of articles by faithfulto communeJoshua,withwenttheupAlmighty.into the mountainAlarmed

the late Elder Orson F. Whitney, at his protracted stay, unable to account

of the Council of the Twelve. for it, and no doubt superstitious as to

their own safety without supernatural guidII. ance, the people, not free from the taint

ThePriesthood,history ofso farthe asAaronicrelates ofgetfulGodcontactonof thethewithcovenantdayidolatrousthe TentheyEgypt,Commandmentshad madeand withfortop, the were thundered mountain from to the name it bears—since together themselves "gathered Aaron, unto there reasons are good

said him: us gods which unto and make Up,

its origin ancient more for this us; as for before forstill—beginsbelieving shall Moses, go

with the calling of Aaron to the the man that brought us up out of the land

Bishopric, which holds the keys of of Egypt, we wot not what is become him."its call, presidency. as the of This

to their wishes, Obedient and perhaps Bible reader is aware, through came fearful of consequences if he refused, Aaron

Moses, younger brother of Aaron, took of their golden earrings and made for and chosen Prophet of the Most them a molten calf, after the Egyptian god

High. It was in the wilderness of JOSEPH SMITH Apis,altar beforeand, havingit, blasphemouslyfinished it andproclaimed:built an

Sinai, fourteen hundred and ninetythe persons who should make them, and "These be thy gods, O Israel, which have one years before the coming of the prescribed the manner in which these things brought thee up out of the land of Egypt."

Savior. The Children of Israel, in should all be consecrated to His service. He also announced "a feast to the Lord"

its in the honor morrow. on furwell, It before proceeding be as may their sublime from Egypt, exodus

this In sensual worship blasphemous and to attention the to call of after miraculous the passage Israelites the engaged, were when fact that of the thether, the Melchizedek thePriesthood—reader Red Sea, whose retiring waters had though not perfectly organized, as after the Lord's servant, came down fromMoses,the

shouts of revelry reached Mount. had The it their is rolled the Savior's as over eneof the heads advent and today—was

his far height, the ears that insomuch up at that time exercised held and by Moses, at the foot of mies, were encamped still him, with Joshua, suggested was who it his fatherin-law, received from had who after that sacred ever eminence, imin the of noise "a camp."Moses, war howPriest doubtof Midian, Jethro, had and

mortalized as a waymark in the less ordained other Priests and Elders among ever, recognized the sound of singing, havwanderings and subsequent history the tribes of Israel. This view, which is ing been warned of the Lord of what was

taking the nearer coming place, and on revelation, reason, well as as byof the Hebrew nation. supported

truth revolting burst him. The upon the of these will explain sawhole mention made The Lord came down upon Mount Sinai, cerdotal oltices prior to the calling of Aaron golden god on high—the people, God's

"in the sight of all the people,"and from and his sons. Also, why it was that Moses, chosen Israel, feasting and dancing before

the midst of thunders, lightnings, and thick Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and "seventy it in their nakedness! Such was the soulclouds, which caused the mountain to quake of the Elders of Israel"were enabled to see sickening spectacle presented to his eye.

and obscured His glorious presence from God and survive; their only safeguard in In his hands he held the "tables of the testhe gaze of the unsanctified multitude, sumbeholding His person, or witnessing to any timony"—the divine Decalogue, written

moned Moses up into the top of the Mount, great extent the manifestations of His powwith the finger of God. Before his eyes

and there delivered unto him, among other er, being, as we are taught, the possession was being violated the very first of those charges, the following: of the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood. Ten Commandments. His righteous anger

"Take thou unto thee Aaron, thy brothFurthermore, that Moses, Aaron, and knew no bounds. Casting from him the

er, and his sons with him, from among the others, at this period held the Lesser Prieststone tablets, which shattered as they fell, children of Israel, that he may minister hood likewise, before it was organized with he burst like a storm upon the astonished unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Aaron at its head, is manifestly no less true gaze of the guiltstricken idolators. DemolTvfadab and Abihu, Eleazer and Ithamar, from the fact of their having the Higher ishing their idol and scattering its ashes to

Aaron's sons. Priesthood which includes it."Hence, the the winds and waves, he called for all who

"And thou shalt make holy garments for premise that there are good reasons for were "on the Lord's side"to rally round

Aaron thy brother, for glory and for beauty. believing the Lesser Priesthood of greater him. The sons of Levi responded to a man.

the directed of Moses, shalt Lord, put thou them upon Aaron commanded "And of earthly to course antiquity—referring

their to take them his brother, him;thy swords and sons with and go in and the are time considwe nowits and record—than

to gate gate, from anointshalt slay them, consecrate them, and every and man ering. In other that held words it was by out

and sanctify them, that they may minister Adam, Abel, Enoch, Noah, Melchizedek his son, brother, and neighbor, that they unto me in the priest's office."(who received tithes from Abraham), might consecrate themselves before the

The Lord also gave to Moses, during this Moses, and others before his day, who built Lord and make atonement for the great sin interview, the Decalogue or Ten Commandaltars, offered sacrifices, and communicated that had been committed. The stern but just

ments, which He had previously spoken with the Lord through the medium of that behest was obeyed, and there fell that day in the hearing of all Israel; and other parts greater Priesthood to which the Lesser is an in Israel about three thousand male souls.

of the law which the Prophet afterwards inseparable appendage. The expiation being complete, Moses

embodied in his famous code. Also the In assuming, therefore, a commencing proceeded to organize the Priesthood, as

pattern of the Ark or sanctuary, the sympoint in its history, it must be understood he had been directed, and also to construct bol of the covenant God had made with that we simply have reference to the time the Tabernacle and the Ark according to

His people; and the Tabernacle or holy when it was organized by Moses, when it the pattern which God had shown him. The

tent where the Ark was to be deposited, was rechristened and received its "new garments of the priests and the appurtewhere the priests offered sacrifice and made name"which has ever since clung to it, nances of the sanctuary were fashioned to atonement for the sins of the nation, and and was confirmed upon Aaron and his conform with the divine instruction, and the Lord communicated by angels, Urim seed throughout all their generations. Aaron and his sons, the Ark, the Taberand Thummim and other media, with those But to resume our narrative. Let us now nacle, and everything connected with the

whom He had chosen to represent Him in return and see how Aaron and his consacred ceremonial, were then sanctified and that sacred capacity. He likewise instructed freres, on the eve of their setting apart to dedicated with solemn and impressive rites,

him minutely as to the fashioning of their these sacred honors, were conducting themto the service of the God of Israel.

priestly robes, the materials to be used, selves with the people left in his charge, Prior to the false worship of Apis, the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Lord, it appears, had chosen unto Himself ANNIVERSARY ston Ward Chapel, with members of firstborn in ofthe males household every of visiting the grave pilgrimage the PARTICIPATION

Israel, of the act destroying as a relative the after Harris before and Martin BE TO CHURCHWIDEfirstborn of the land throughout Egypt, and Aaronic Smithfield service. Stake

set for sanctified apart them andhad some promises genthe "\17hat to be most hosts, as acting leaders are Priesthood altered origpurpose.peculiar His now He ""eral the observance of anniverof other stakes Valley the with Cache tribe intention, theinal of Levi taking and

of the Restoration the of Aaronic associated. both sary and Moses Aaroninstead—to which Priesthood for is planned 18th the sacerdotal of them Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin will join Maybelonged—made

class of the nation. This selection was no and 19th. the three stakes in Canada for a bardoubt intended as a reward for the zeal they Saturday, May 18th, is the date debecue and program.

in manifested the stain of out wipinghad signated for pilAaronic Priesthood all 19th, Aaronic Sunday, On May

Israel.idolatry us from quote Let a few grimages three the honoring witnesses will lessons Priesthood be dequorum this event. bearing importantpassages upon to of principal the Book Mormon. The anniversary, to the Restoration voted the saying, unto Lord Moses, spake "And

celebration will at the of be grave the that date Aaronof and on members tribe of near, the presentBring Levi and them before Aaron the priest, that they Martin Harris in Clarkston Cemetery, ic Priesthood will conduct Sacrament may minister unto him."Cache County, Utah. services in all wards and branches of

"And thou shalt give the Levites unto Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards, the Church.

Aaron and to his sons; they are wholly and his First Counselor, Marvin O. Programs for the pilgrimage and the

children of Israel."thegiven unto out of him will Ashton, participate. will Services in published service Sacrament were

Levites the from "Behold, I have taken the be held on grounds of the Clarkfor the March. Improvement Era Israel, all the of instead children ofamong

the first born (males) among the children of Israel; therefore the Levites shall be

mine; "Because all the firstborn are mine; for YOUTH AND THE WORD OF WISDOM

on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast; REACTION OF TOBACCO a similar study on high school boys at

shall be; the they Lord."mine I am Illinois, that Park, not Highland THE ON shows BODY HUMAN

shalt for the Levites take thou me, "And a single graduate while smoker was a all chilfirstborn the theinstead of among react tobacco fumes TJTow on the in school. fortyfive quitters were The Israel; cattle Levites, the the of ofdren and

is of dis- a matter frequent body all in their smokers standing poor and in all firstlings theinstead cattle of the among of the children of Israel."cussion. By the process of absorption, classes. The average grade of seventy-

"And for those that are to be redeemed the poisons pass into the blood stream. seven nonsmokers was 84%, twentyof the two hundred and three score and The mucous lining of the nose, mouth, four reformed smokers 79%, and fiftythirteen, firstborn the children of of the of air throat, lungs, passages and an has five smokers was boy One who 75%.

Israel, the Levites; are than which more absorbing surface eight of to hundred quit, his heavily smoking grades and

five shalt shekels take 1 apiece even "Thou feet, square thousand over two which in six weeks."came up 10% poll, after the the the of shekel sancby

is of the whole spread blood volume Davis, Superintendent of John M. is shalt the thou shekel taketuary them;

twenty gerahs. every three minutes. Through this Menomonie, Michigan, reports in a

all delicate gases of kinds membrane, chart shalt the thou give wheremoney, "And on five2 hundred high school boys into greatest the the blood with the is towith of number them odd be repass follows: as

deemed, unto Aaron and to his sons. facility and thus enter the blood and GRADES:

"And Moses took the redemption money saturate the tissues far more quickly ige Smoker Nonsm of them that were over and above them than when taken into the stomach. One 12 73 83

that the Levites. redeemed were by 13 75 90 of tobacco ounce an smokes who may the of Moses gave "And them money 14 73 89 grains ten to seven from of absorbthat his to unto Aaron, redeemed were and 15 75 84 nicotine the other with poisons alongsons, of according to the Lord, the word 16 75 87

as the Lord commanded Moses."in the fumes. 17 68 85

Scientific that experiments the Levites show given the Thus were unto of BloomSuperintendent Smith H. L.

gift forPriesthood the as "a is to Lord,"cigarette have deadly poison. a smoke Indiana, ington, investigated the averthe ofcharge tabernacle sanctuary and birds, snakes, Experiments and on

of smokers nonsmokers age and age officiate to therein notthough the did as it is in that small animals deadly prove school. his in of to His the 950 number to the the of service "do conpriests—and small doses. 3 to given drop very Onegregation."that is follows: Aaron, report So as was who now

it in killed seconds; seventy sparrow a Priest, or Bishop, theHigh over Lesser

killed in onehalf drops snake a two 4>Priesthood, assist not to his only had him 4) D3 ftj its minute. poison has of a This same in Priests'sons, the over he quorum which <

. <* in effect the presided, generalimmediately also upon great a human but body body 4) 41U rM C

O 4JO>o they as not w Teachers and affecting the membranes, mucous by VI4) Levites—were

a T3 h officiate in the minor quolungs, glands, insystem, digestive andofDeacons?—to JL,Co tou 4)> 2w> therums. origin the of term LevitHence 4>,5uC/3X H vessels, heart, secretion, ternal blood o WS < o ical, <Z this to as applied Priesthood.

sight, rate, nervthe heart hearing, and 1 1.59 7.58 9.17 this after organization selecSoon and

in.51 increase 1.15 system, blood with an 9.66 2 ous tion, slain the and Nadab Abihu were by

1.32 9.36 10.68 3 pressure. for "offering fire"strangeLord before Him,

2.05 12.50 10.55 officiating or when them "commanded He

2.01 12.21 14.22 5 not,"Eleazer, third the son, and then took COLLEGE 1.20 13.62 12.42 AND HIGH SCHOOL 46 the senior's place. "chief over was made He HANDICAPS 1.35 13.42 14.67 7 chief the of the Levites,"the overand had

.47 14.65 15.12 8 sight of that those the records of took school charge sancand show who

.92 15.55 9 16.47 tuary. his Thus, while father, Aaron, was students of the tobacco use by /"OLLEGE.58 16.17 16.75 10 his president, in turn he presided his over efficiency. their mental lowers "A.73 17.27 18.00 11 the Levites; brethren Moses, virtue of by of period long careful through a study.33 17.55 17.88 12 his Priesthood calling, reprophetic and

students of years smoking men among taining, the under controllGod, supreme Boys'and People to Know, Want 1What that College a defishows Antioch by ing or power, the presidency over whole. Girls'AntiCigarette League, 58 Wash- W. is established nite between relation Isthe Eleven months twenty and days St., Chicago.

i. e., 31.8 ington scholarship, smoking low and raelites in this sojourned Sinai. had During Mental Tobacco and aO'Shea, M. V.,

period they had celebrated their second per cent of nonsmokers fail to mainEfficiency, p. 121.

Passover, or feast of unleavened bread, by tain required grades, while 62.3 per cent aO'Shea, M. V., Tobacco and Mental

(Concluded on page 303) of heavy smokers similarly failed; also Efficiency, p. 121.

Aaronic Priesthood

( Concluded from page 302 U)wuL JstochiibA VftsiMjaqsL fan. $un&, 1%0

which they commemorated the passing over A DAY OF WARNING them of the angel of death when he slew This is a day of warning and not a day of many words, for I, the Lord, the firstborn of the Egyptians, and their am not to be mocked in the last days. Doctrine and Covenants 63:85.

deliverance through the waters of the sea.

Two other annual feasts they were comCince the date upon which the foregoing statement was given in amanded to keep, viz.: the feast of Penterevelation through Joseph Smith, the Prophet, (August, 1831), many

cost, or the promulgation of the law, and additional warnings have been given to the people through Church leaders.

the feast of Tabernacles, or tents, commemIn view of conditions in the world today, it is well for Latterday orating their sojourn in the wilderness. The Saints to consider seriously the advice and admonitions which have been

law of Moses was now promulgated and given, and to prepare themselves against the time when the prophecies codified. The tables of the testimony had will be fulfilled. From an article by Elder Joseph Fielding Smith in the

been renewed, and with other sacred relics Deseret News Church Section, February 10, 1940, the following quotations were placed in the Ark for safe keeping. have been taken:

The sublime system of heavenrevealed religion had been set in operation, and the President Joseph Smith said:

civil and military wings of this nomadic Look to the Presidency and receive instruction. Every man who is afraid,

power, which had sprung like magic from covetous, will be taken in a snare. The time is soon coming, when no man will

an unorganized rabble, without laws, inhave any peace but in Zion and her stakes....

stitutions, or prescribed method of worThese things are at our doors. They will follow the Saints of God from city

ship, into a compact and powerful nation, to city. Satan will rage, and the spirit of the devil is now enraged. I know not

were now in full equipment and discipline. how soon these things will take place; but with a view of them, shall I cry peace?

"On to Canaan!"was the national cry. And No! I will lift up my voice and testify of them. How long you will have good

so, on the twentieth day of their second crops, and the famine be kept off, I do not know; when the fig tree leaves, know

year, or about May 20, 1490 B. C, the then that summer is nigh at hand.

Camp of Israel struck their tents and guidthis warning: President Brigham Young gave of the cloud God, and pillar whiched by

abroad there is calamity among the people?... All we have you think now Do since the with memorable them beenhad

night when the fetters of two centuries yet heard and all we have experienced is scarcely a preface to the sermon that is were stricken off and the power of Egypt going to be preached. When the testimony of the Elders ceases to be given, and

submerged, they began their march through the Lord says to them, "come home; I will now preach My own sermons to the

the Sinaitic desert towards the wilderness nations of the earth,"all you now know can scarcely be called a preface to the of Paran. sermon that will be preached with fire and sword, tempests, earthquake, hail, rain,

The order of this remarkable procession thunders and lightnings, and fearful destruction.

aloft follows: the rose Foremost, aswas this comment: added President Grant Jedediah M. the kingly of comingstandard Judah, powthe nation, other stirred against and see nation on Consequently, up when we tribes, tribes the following,er the of and

influence of negotiations to bring powerful exerting about a other nations see hand of armies Issachar Zebulon. and Thenand

it the they stay shall expect can bring they about? can say peace, we Do we bearing ofthe Merari1 sons and Gershon

it all, to of expect has spoken and of course Prophet we outward The God the of Tabernacle,the components which fulfilled all declared the things as see prophets have by see the go work on—andwar?it set their to take and duty up down, was

in spirit them. the of prophecy its the rested journey.as or resumed camp

The standard of Reuben was next advanced, President John Taylor's statement:

and immediately in his rear marched SimWere we surprised when the last terrible war took place here in the United eon and Gad. Then the Ark of God apStates? No! Good Latterday Saints were not, for they had been told about it.

peared, borne in the very center of the Joseph Smith had told them where it would start, that it should be a terrible time host, of shouldersmoving on the start Carolina. that it should in South But bloodshed the sons of and

half tribes ofof Kohath. Joseph 2 The that, for things than will see worse is not yet. end GodI willtell youlay todayHis handthe YouEphraim and Manasseh—went next, the upon the nations, and they will feel it more terribly than ever they have done

standard of Ephraim being their rallying before; there will be more bloodshed, more ruin, more devastation than ever they

center, and also for the sons and daughters have seen it before. Write it down! You will see it come to pass, it is only just

of Benjamin. Then set forward the standard starting in.

of Dan, with his tribe and those of Asher and Naphtali following and bringing up President Wilford Woodruff, more recently, said:

the rear. I heard the Prophet Joseph bear his testimony to these events that would

This vast host, comprising an army of transpire in the earth.... We cannot draw a veil over the events that await this

over half a million, and a total population generation. No man that is inspired by the Spirit and power of God can close

of nearly three millions of souls, was dihis ears, his eyes, or his lips to these things.

of tribes three into four each,vided camps clear. says: Himself, are Lord, the from warnings He The theexclusive of Levites; twice being Joseph

therethe report shall night over and and pass by day, Lord's by scourge The in tonumbered, and Manasseh, Ephraim it until the shall the for all stayed come; not Lord people; yea, be shall of vex tribal up, count, in the for the abmake

all their is their against abominations kindled and wicked the of Lord indignation class of thesence sacred the secular from enumeration. When the cloud rested, indiworks.

cating their stopping place, the tents were But the promise has been made to Zion and the pure in heart, that set surrounding the Tabernacle of the conthey shall escape if they "observe to do all things whatsoever I (the Lord) gregation; the camp of Judah on the east, have commanded."

that of the south, on Ephraim Reuben on reads: (45:3841) Covenants Doctrine and Thethe west, the north. and upon Dan The

shall all things, shall then these see it shall that in they when be day so Even theLevites Tabernacle encompassed immeit feareth to is shall that nigh. he that that pass come the hour they And knowdiately in to the about, order unprevent

sanctified from approaching too near, and Me shall be looking forth for the great day of the Lord to come, even for the purposely or inadvertently defiling it, an signs of the coming of the Son of Man. And they shall see signs and wonders,

offense punishable by death. The sacred for they shall be shown forth in the heavens above, and in the earth beneath. And

historian tells us that when the Ark set they shall behold blood, and fire, and vapors of smoke.

said:forward, "Rise Lord, Moses up, O this (St. gives Bible admonition: Luke 21:36) The

let scattered; Thineand enemies be and to that always, accounted ye worthy pray be and ye therefore, may Watch

flee that before hate them Thee Thee!"to shall that before all these stand things to pass, and the Son escape of Man. come

it rested, the said: prophet "Return,Whenlet

O Lord, unto the many thousands of All Latterday Saints should give heed to the counsel of the servants

Israel!"of the Lord. We should prepare ourselves by observing the teachings of

(To be continued) the Gospel and the commandments of the Lord, by refraining from evil practices, by observing our prayers, and by showing brotherly love in our first third sons of Levi. and 1The dealings with each other.

of 2Second Levi son grandfather and of Moses and Aaron.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Put a Song WUisJul Note: The Church Music Comsyllables, weakening the sound of the

if a slight pause is made, then startin tomitteethe Churchinvites yourwide attentionHymn Singingagain hymnbut and dampening their enthusiasm;

ing giving the out a each on words The is "God hymn for May will leader quarter the assured note be in See a Mysterious Way."Moves singing. of wholehearted their lives! Project, in the April 236 pages 203 and is Playing "give- a accompaniments

"Era"[or complete instructions. andtake"proposition and one must

learn to give a little here and there so

TEMPO that the structure will not be weakened.

Another example of changed time

By Dr. Frank W. Asper values is at the end of every phrase in

"I'll the hymn, Go Where You Want through should played be hymn A notes should be These Go."To Me ** it has solid after tone organ with

five notes, held the of out value eighth the at correct announced, been and often congregation both very but and the for set the to whole pace speed director the short cut begin them and entire service can congregation. The line early. next too

spirit or according a a have good bad the All should be phrased on hymns is first the to announced. the hymn way in in the organ the sense which same

first are, course, the of words The recited. accompaning words be would the should consideration, be and hymn

all, is in thing After the main a hymn it best at at the speed taken which may is the the to there the music give words;

distinctly. clearly Solbe and spoken emphasis. best of exour words One necessarily taken should be hymns emn in musical amples and which words faster. brighter slowly, hymns and more

is agree phrases not do number hymn

The size of the hall and its acoustics 220 in the Deseret Sunday School Song must also be considered. In a larger Book, "Lead, Kindly Light."In this

building invariably it will be found that case the hymn should be played not more time must be allowed for the according to the musical phrases, but sound to carry. The size of the conaccording to the expression of the

gregation is also a factor. A large words.

group is necessarily more ponderous It is especially imperative that the and difficult to bring into line than the organist hear the different effects and

Every boy or girl who is trained small one, and one would also not exthe various volumes of tone on the quick response so a pect building rear of the from the from older organ when in music, dramatic art or dancpeople. as people from younger it is filled. the at is playing he When

ing will live a fuller and hapAt the end of the announcement of console with singers constantly shoutit is impossible to judge correctly. pier life. theand hymn,organ theshouldcongregationbegin promptlyor choiron ingbalancein his andears, blend They

the first note without hesitation. One can be achieved only by having someThis priceless side of education of the commonest faults of organists is one else play and listening to the hymn

costs little but it yields rich rechord,to soundrollingthe lowerthe chordnotesupwardof the untilfirst fromgreatlya distance.improve hisSuchusea ofprocedurethe organ.will

sults in genuine culture. all the notes in the chord are played,

This will invariably result in poor attacks and indecision on the part of Inquire today about class work in singing. B. Cecil Gates Writes everyone

violin, piano, dancing and dramatic In playing the hymns with the singart for children—and private and ers, the organist should avoid all sudUseful Cantata

class lessons in all instruments, den and abrupt changes either in tempo (Concluded from page 297) first induces raggedfirst volume. The his brain melodies began to haunt voice, dancing, art, dramatic art for or parstop the eventually ness and will at beautiful music to provide once

all ages. ticipation of many people in the singenough to do justice to an exalted theme

ing. Changes in volume can be equally and simple enough to be sung by groups

Write for information on the SUMMER fatal. If a member of the congregation with the limitations of the average

SCHOOL, scheduled June 10 to July suddenly finds himself singing louder ward choir.

little his or neighbors but than with with voices an Written for women's it is but the organ, support a short from for optional arrangement added mixed time before he is frightened into silence, voices, the effect of the cantata is full and his selfexpression through the no matter how slight the performance singing of the hymns is forever stifled. of men's parts. While forming a theSometimes the congregations take matic whole joined by recitatives, the

the liberty of making holds, as in Edseven numbers comprising the cantata wards'"I know That My Redeemer also form individual concert pieces, anLives,"at the end of the first and secother planned feature on the part of ond phrases. In "How Firm a Foundathe composer which current use is provSCHOOL OFCMUSIC & ART tion,"the second verse, beginning, "As ing valid. Listeners everywhere will

thy days,"the first syllable comes as soon link numbers from Resurrection

Salt Lake City a surprise and is unlike any of the other Morning with the already well known verses. If this phrase is taken in strict "Lord's Prayer"and "My Redeemer

time, most people will omit the first few Lives"by the same composer.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. General Presidency

MAIN STREET M. Y. Y. M. M. W. CITY, LAKE UTAH LUCY GEORGE GRANT CANNONI. A.

S. J. M. I. A. Y. W. JOSEPH WILLIAMS Q.CANNONMORRISI. A. General50SALTNORTHOffices HELEN

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA OSCAR A.

Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Executive Executive Secretary Direct to General Offices

THE JUNE CONFERENCE The afternoon session will be held in the Tabernacle under the direction of is pracJune Conference Another First the of the Presidency Church. **'tically ready. Friare The dates in the session evening Sunday The

patriotic its outIMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT andday, 9.Saturday,The Summerand Sunday,RecreationJuneLead-7, 8, Tabernacle,theme "America,"featuringwill havethe as

HpHE introduction, last year, o Special ers Institute is planned for Monday. standing highlight an address by PresJune 10. which encom- A program the into A Interest Groups ident Men J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First M

the entire givprogram, ( M. I. A. of passes for those departments Gleaner and Presidency.

25 to 30) has proved to be so successful ing proper emphasis to each of the The Summer Recreation Leaders Inthat it has been decided to continue major features, has been in the making stitute to be held on Monday, June 10, them permanently in our program, but for several months. It is now far will feature instructions and demonenough advanced to give a preview on plan. modified under a slightly strations for on "The Summer Way

basis. a tentative This feature I. A."has which M. with Beginning June l*st, the M Men

and Gleaner departments will include The Conference will open with a become increasingly popular each year, young men and women of the ages of festival reception on Temple Square on will stress the recommended M. I. A.

seventeen to about twentyfour or Friday morning. This feature will bring summer features for all departments of

twentyfive years. All members above a touch of old world pageantry and the M. I. A.

this group, including what is now festivity at the opening of our Annual The Improvement Era for June will known as the Adult department, will be Assembly. The entire opening day will contain a detailed program. It is sugknown as Special Interest Groups. A be devoted to the festival spirit. At a gested that plans for the attendance of

new joint committee appointed on the morning general session in the Taberstake and ward officers be considered

General Boards is going forward ennacle the Theme Festival and Honor as early as possible in order that proper thusiastically in the preparation of a Day program will begin. This same arrangements for transportation, lodgnumber of courses of study and acfestival spirit will be carried into the ing, etc., might be made.

tivity from which these groups may afternoon session, with the program choose. There may be one, two, or varied to present various phases of the M. I. A. CONVENTIONS

in meeting each and ward, groups program. more Theme

I. several years the Annual A. "pOR M. interest. to according studying Each the close the of session, afternoon At in held Conventions been have comits with organized be group ward may will unique a outdoor reception be bination quarterly conferences, but with all etc., secretary, president, but own held the grounds north the of on Taberin is the general to a plan change be the will directly of under the groups be nacle. In festival setting rethis a this year. AuthorGeneral made The counof supervision the Manual ward I. will all ception delewelcome A. M. ities it the of advisable Church deem is deselors. fewer there one Thus, gates, both stake to the ward, and Conthat rethe quarterly conferences be in to appoint leader each partment ference. the for the served of regular business 194041. for organizing ward, when

festival will climaxed be day The by stakes, requested auxiliary the have and leaders special are needed groupWhere big the Saltat Festival Annual Dance their organizations to conventions hold selected the they should Manual be by air floor will feature which show numdates. separate on recommend They in officers groups'the counselors and

joint consultation. bers, the BeeHive Theme Dance, Sothat these conventions take the place of

cial Dancing, and the official M. I. A. the monthly leadership meetings in the

Concerning Adult Groups dances. On this day also sessions of respective months in which they occur,

the choral clinic, a new educational permitting each organization, however,

Where, however, there is now a feature, will take place. to utilize more time than would ordinarstrong Adult group organized with an The entire day on Saturday, June 8, ily be allotted to the monthly meetings.

interested and capable leader, it should will be devoted to department sessions There will be no sessions for the genbe maintained and go forward for next and special features. Following an eral public. Permission is also given

year as a Special Interest Group, the early general session in the Tabernacle, to group adjacent stakes.

leader continuing or not, as desired. department sessions for age groups in The M. I. A. will continue to hold

the morning and activity groups in the their conventions during the second six

Stake Organization afternoon will also include special feamonths of the year. The time for each

The stake Manual counselors will tures of the BeeHive Girl program convention will include sessions Saturgive general supervision to these groups celebrating their Silver Jubilee Anniday evening and Sunday morning and afternoon. the have prepared versary. evening session Saturday We The all but other departments,as they do to thr in of dates schedule keeping mind in will include the Tabernacle a presenstakethere appointed should be two

points: following tation of the features. special InterestSpecial leaders superor Group

1. the to stakes singly, are meet Where willvisors, entirely for devoted the be Sunday one one and Young Men is far possible, placed, as on as to convention

inspirational meetings. traditional placefor the the to take The Young Women, the the leaderon monthly which Sunday

of former stake Adult leaders. annual M. I. A. testimony meeting, ship meeting is usually held, or, where the

It is urged that this organization which has long been recognized as the latter is held on a week evening, on the be effected at once, as many wards may spiritual highlight of the Conference, Sunday nearest to that date. Where stakes

wish to begin organizing groups durwill be held as usual. Separate sesare grouped together, an effort has been

to the to choose a date satisfactory for sionsing Young the summer. Young Men and Wommadeentire group. follow, giving special en will will be a department for all There emphasis are set, practically in 2. Dates every

Special Interest Group supervisors at to important features of the two procase, in months where there are no quarterly the coming June Conference. grams. conferences for the stakes concerned.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

3. In a few cases the dates for the M. I. A.

are set in the same month as those for the

Relief Society, with two or three weeks intervening; but in no case do conventions

of two auxiliaries fall in consecutive months. 4. As a general rule no conventions have

a and b. Junior Girls been scheduled for the Fast Sunday.

of the Explorers and the Following plan the schedabove

Los Wilshire Ward, of dates will soon be released. They in Stake, Angeles a ule

twoact operetta cover a period of fourteen weeks, be- "The Lady Says Yes"ginning on July 2021 (Saturday evening and Sunday) and ending on November 1617. The M. I. A. Study

l f - Sheets and convention programs containing these dates will be forwarded soon to all stakes.

It is understood that on the date on which an auxiliary convention is being held, all other auxiliaries will yield the of 2. BeeHive Girls the right of way, excusing from any leaderpre- Yellowstone Stake

sented a "Fun Fest ship meeting, all officers concerned with

Nations. of the Buzz"

in All Yellowthe convention being held. wards

stone Stake were represented, approxwith THREE HUNDRED WITNESS three imately hundred M. I. A. FESTIVAL IN Girls parBee- Hive

ticipating. SUMMIT STAKE

20, the 1940, Summit March On Girls BeeHive Festival in of the Stake I. A. music and M. presented Burley Stake

a program in which drama occurred. Choruses from four

one hundred five girls participated. The wards, numbering forty persons, atprogram was entitled tired in formals, were grouped about

"Jubilee of the Nathe stage and sang their respective tions."

numbers from these positions.

The Coalville Ladies chorus opened the festival with "The Holiday"directed by Viola Zumbrunnen. "The

Skiing Song,"chorus a mixed number ''11 '$ * s 'r *'the Hoytsville directed Ward, was 6-7th Adult by Ward Isabell by Brown. Wanship The Class of the Pioneer

Stake, Edward H. chorus directed by Joseph Beard sang

Eardley, instructor. "Madam Janette"to the accompaniment of taps played on the cornet.

"The Happy Song"was presented by

Henefer Ward under the direction of

High Priest Quorum Grace Fowler.

social held in Burley Stake. Burley "The Guiding Light,"1940 theme The

First Ward M. I. A. song, was sung by the Hoytsville

officers and teachers quartette curtain double as the mixed prepared the banquet threeact House,"rose on "A Man's which was served by

BeeHive, Junior, and Biblical drama. L. P. Allen, in Biblical

Gleaner girls.

costume, offered the opening prayer.

The cast for the play was composed of members from the Hoytsville and

Cast and director of and "Adam Eva"a Coalville wards and every character threeact play prewas masterfully portrayed. The colorsented

Ward, Franklinin WhitneyStake. ful and rich costumes were an inspiration and a delight to the eye. The

stage setting, scenery, and lighting efBee-Hive Girls of the fects were most artistic and realistic.

Third Ward in LibThe play was of such appeal to the erty Stake.

audience which packed the hall that the

S. Reception committee stake board arranged a second perat the Silver Jubilee formance in the high school auditorium,

Announcement Tea, for Thursday, April 4. Sth Ward, Ogden

Stake. Much praise is due the directors,

Mrs. David Sharp, Elda Pace, and

9. and Men Gleaner M Carmichael, T. gave M. much who

Valentine party held careful in thought preparing and time in Falls Sioux Branch,

South Dakota District the festival.

of the North Central States Mission. "OVERSIXTY"PARTY GIVEN

IN SAN FERNANDO (\N February 10, 1940, a dinner, proGirls of 10. BeeHive the gram and dance was given in the Sth Ward, Ogden

Stake. lovely, new San Fernando Stake recreation hall in Burbank, California, for ail

members over sixty years of age.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

One hundred fifty persons attended.

Following dinner they convened in the recreation hall where community singing and a program was enjoyed, followed by oldtime dances.

President David H. Cannon, and the

committee in charge, plan to have at least one of these affairs annually in the San Fernando Stake.

RELATION OF THE EXPLORER

PROGRAM TO THE CHURCH WELFARE PLAN VS7hat will be the nature and extent vv of the Church Welfare Plan of the future? The answer is being written

today and the Explorer leader is in a influence thatposition to answer materially. the SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE SPECIAL INTEREST GROUP PARTY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940 of extent nature and The

Plan from ten years WelfareChurch partially at least on JUNE CONFERENCE efforts to bring joy and loveliness into dependnow will girls lives they the have the of whom training abilitythe of vocational and attending leaders Con- "Oxplorer June guiding. been It also willthe membership. Church their will department hold ference apas Conference June now And its ininfluenced materially verybe by the Pioneer at sessions Grant on Camp to your plan proaches, ask you may we for a willingness to ordustry work lies of the base at Trail. Grant Camp this affairs that to can so come you in leaderslivelihood. Explorer are

at. of a Little the Mountain mouth Mounevent, only big not annual where we the contributeposition to toward much atthis In tain pioneer Dell Canyon. for help department get work, our much factors. of these of bothimprovement will receive leaders Explorer mosphere, is inspiration so there but much where

The basis of the Explorer program a clearer vision of their program. A and such a rich outpouring of the Holy

is the preparation and guidance of a dramatization, "An Explorer's Legend,"Spirit.

into in whichyoung a vocation man outof-doors. the he will in be enacted A benefit the of give us your and Come fit satisfactorily.will heart of the The will conducted of the be "School Log"experiences. influence and own ininspires encourages andprogram in dividing the group hour for one by this event, seathe Following summer activity. worthwhiledustry and secsections. In each ten discussion us. is more of son upon Mutual The

An Explorer leader should view with tion will be a demonstration as well as intensive program is finished for this deep concern any Explorer who appears presentations and discussion. year. What an opportunity for you

to be indolent and indifferent toward It is anticipated that several troops leaders to get your girls around you a life's work. By encouraging such a will have Explorers making the Trek and do some of the things the girls love,

boy to become active in the program over the Trail during June Conference. and for which you haven't had much

he not only will be doing him a great The contact of these Explorers with time in the winter.

well. his as Church favor but Exsession in their leaders the department If all sing. girls to love you The

all respect to plorers trained should be inwill of source a be inspiration and Junior organized haven't already a of the the world, be work domen who present. terest those to it pracchorus, not and now, do why

it physician, city maintains the who will tice the through There summer?

city, large the of or the health garbage a Girl occasions be Junior a when many collector, the also maintains health who will chorus programs be on welcomed city. of the same winter. throughout the (For coming The opportunity of the young man to Jutuou suitable songs see this year's Junior

secure vocational titles and honors in Manual, page 13.)

fields involving more than one hundred the reading Perhaps books of good activities different highly should prove spring early winter and in the seahas been neglected. not meet As Why in selecting a voto him advantageous *"* girls'the to a close, Three of I. A. draws have homes and son The the M. fitted. If is cation for best he which

the Explorer is unable to secure one of the Junior Committee wishes to conSisters and The Yearling, or other sugthe vocational titles available because gratulate the Junior Girls and their gested books reviewed and discussed of lack of previous Scout training or leaders for the progress they have made while the girls sew or crochet?

otherwise, he should be urged and asduring the season just past. What fun it will be to have an outsisted to do something very specific From news that has come from the door party together with the Explorers and at least equivalent to an Explorer field, and through visits made by mem-—a weiner roast or a hiking party.

title in the selection and preparation of bers of the committee, we are pleased We cannot emphasize too strongly a vocation. This is one of the requireto note that the girls have entered into the fact that M. I, A. is a yearround

ments of an Arrowhead Explorer. the various activities wholeheartedly affair, and it is necessary for us to be

It is indeed a proud social unit that and with enthusiasm, and that their lives more watchful than ever during this sufficient have can say, and provide a heavy whole- "We relief load have been enriched by the program. season,

of it ourselves."care bring that will take but some activity and fun we can It is a much prouder society, however, We feel that this success is due real joy into the lives of these girls.

that can say, "Through our foresight largely to the leaders who have been We sincerely hope that you will all and preparation we have practically no blessed with the Spirit of the Lord and find genuine happiness through the relief load to take care of."have been devoted and unselfish in their summer.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Boy Scout leaders. He was one of

four speakers representing the various religious groups at the National Convocation of Scouting held in Washington, D. C, on July 4, 1937, at which time

"pROM a missionary laboring in the more than 40,000 people heard his adEastern States Mission comes a dress.

thrilling testimony of the effectiveness of Scouting in the missionary program of the Church. For obvious reasons,

the name of the missionary and the place where the experience occurred have been omitted: "WHAT IS SO RARE AS

here laboring missionary a I am of a troop of non-... A DAY IN JUNE?''Scoutmaster and am

Scouts. very I would much member that regular A. weekly like "M[ow M. I. the booklet Scouting to or pamphlet have

being held, sessions are not and in the L. and whatever ma- S. Church D.

terial about our Church in the field of school days are over for a month or

Scouting which you might have.... two, BeeHive Girls are looking for-

I arrived only recently from Holland ward to summer activity.

and was transferred to this mission. One The Silver Jubilee event for June is

evening while meeting with investigators, titled, "Memory Marking."In other

I chanced to overhear one of the younger words, in the month of June our activity boys mention Scouts and I asked if there is to leave a permanent "mark"of some were many Scout troops in this town and nature which will stand as a tribute to

I four told that there three or and were was this in great the history the year of that the town one, sponsored which was by Bluff Top: Scotts Pasuggestions following BeeHive. The a lacking of local trol disorganized leaders newspaper, and was

: tree are given Planting a BeeHive in missionaries Training I to the Scoutmaster; next the so day went

Courses: Harold E. Poulof shrub; dedication or a BeeHive if I join office might asked newspaper and son; Dis- C. Evans, Donald

their troop. The chairman of the troop trict President; Forest camp spot or outdoor fireplace; beauHirchi; Eastman; Dan thought took a up committee and tifying moment me trek room; to a BeeHive an a

C. Cluff, E. Grant H. to offices to the the Council Council meet A. historical etc. spot, servAppropriate Chairman, WyoBraska

I that learned executive. a he was When District. Hamilton, Ray ices held the be should commemorating

Hollis Godell, Brown, telling Bob about he more began Mormon, me cofor choose. the event you Ask also parBrown, in rated Scouting than our Church how I Juniorticipated. of of operation president your ward it, I I before myself and was knew knew

First I. Center: Eagle A. and.... Y. W. M. of the troop. Scout Scoutmaster He

in Scout troop Chicago the event. our of and what very highly spoke Church Weyourhopebishopricthe Beein No. 558. planning Stake—Troop

it was doing in Scouting and that it led all Lower: Louis Martens, Scoutmaster, University Hive Girls of every ward in the entire

other organizations of any kind in the United Ward, and Chicago Stake Scout Commissioner. Church will leave something permanent

States in that field. It seemed that being and tangible to mark our twentyfive

all the reference I had was has a Mormon Poulson to perienced Scouter, Elder years of BeeKeeping.

have, probably imagine what can and you the service to rendered outstanding thrill I received a great to hear our Church 1. girls to plant choose your a tree Do in Scouting, District WyoBraska

compliment. paid a great such the tree shrub? or shrub a which The part or he recently had a prominent where

girls plant to dearer as will become them in giving the of course a few Then me in course for all conducting a training rolls after on. tree a year year grows As instructions, the he picked Scouting up magarea. Scouters of that

its will in branches beauty, so and expand the for 1939, September, azine I had and the of love in the of hearts them increase thrill discovering of him and showingadded those planted they were and by whom the Chicago Stake boasts of one of the of President the picture as Grant one of receivers of the Silver Buffalo award; again most efficient and highest ranking Scout watched over in youth. With the permisPresident Grant and Apostle George Albert troops of the Chicago Council. The sion of your ward bishopric, perhaps the

Smith in a picture with }. Edgar Hoover troop is from the University Ward. It tree or shrub could be planted on the

surrounding chapel. grounds your ward Beard, another Carter then Danieland of contains thirtytwo boys whom for selecting tree Suggestions ap- a an and picture of leading Oscar Kirkham are the twentyeight nonmembers. for Cathpropriate the occasion ceremony be may at the the in Star SpangledScouts Banner olics, repreProtestants, and Jews are secured to writing the Board. General by Fair.World's

in the group. sented In incommunities an be June many may

The troop is back in order again and The first Eagle Scout of Chicago appropriate season for tree planting. If so,

district the the troop agotwo weeks won else. select to something wish you may given Stake, Rasmussen, was Alven

firstrally the banner, the which way, by 2. If recreational you have ward his during Eagle Scout Badge Boy

I told.thing the ever troop won, has is am full grounds, the could with you, approval for the responsible man Week. The is printing cooperating newspaperThe by of bishopric, outof- build your an ward troop, of the splendid a veteran showingarticles submitted companion and by my fireplace there? door could sponThis be

is Scouting, Martens, I Louis the in can'tmyself. express who enough... Girls, the is sored but, course, of BeeHive by

gratitude and appreciation which I feel to also Stake Scout Commissioner. help of the fathers of the girls or others

our Heavenly Father for my membership The success of the University Ward will be required in the actual construction trainingin the the I've received and Church fireplace. of fireplace the the make To other groups has encouraged troop and

it; is for this that the testimonyfrom my attractive, the rocks could more of used be Holt, Allen Superintendent, Stake C. the the the true earthonly Gospel upon and girl size. uniform to asked might be Each will orother predicts troops that be Igreat that privilege of bearing have which the size bring the nearest required. rock

season. in the ganized stake next... totestimony the world. Services this should held dedicating be

How Scouting assists the missionary President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has permanentand enjoymentmarker ofto theall, wardcommemoratingfor the use

work of the Church is further emphabeen selected as one of three of the twentyfive years of BeeKeeping in the sized by the experience of Harold E. principal speakers for the 1940 Annual Church. If it is not possible to put the

fireplace outof-doors the recreon ward is Scotts the in ofPoulson, Council of the National employed Meeting who there grounds, might be some nearbyBluffs, will cooperof America, Nebraska, Scouts which he has where Boy be ationalsite, or camping ground, perpark where 9-10. local at City,ated the Elders with Scout held and on Oklahoma May mission might erect this given to be you

officials in carrying forward Scout leadThis will be President Clark's second permanent monument. Ceremony suggesership training and activities. An exappearance before a national group of tions will be sent upon request.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

3. You may have in your community a //BeeHive Camp spot which you could dediTHE "MILLENNIAL STAR

cate, setting it apart as camping grounds for of Girls tomorrow. today and BeeHive 28 page inability /rom Concluded his 1 of ( sensible was He

this for services held couldAppropriate be Sister printed, Benthat and were books the and editor of magazine act to asoccasion. year, the started to same America bow, who Spirit: felt the entirely dependent on this 4. to practical commemorate way A left receive to friends of her enough names

to beautify year orimportant would be fifty pounds, which and two hundred sensible of our truly weakare own We therecondition room. BeeHive Where notwithstanding paid them, amount fill was a important to inability so and to as are fortunate Girls soBeeHive have

it that held given she her agreement had glorious subjects justice to so do their I nessstation—to chapel, ina of the room own many to the Church. delightful, so to so sublime, themes and itthings to keep and done be can make

the exhausted divine: themes which have needsharmonious. Perhaps your room is of brief in that story the Well, melody ancient of eloquence little attractive Prophets—thehousecleaning; a paint and

angels of the part founding inspired poets: of the themes, of of business which willwallpaper have much. do you Do

their notes, their sweetest tuned have in Millennial in England, the Starcurtains picture or appropriate two? and an

in effusions, strains divinely new, sublimest table, a or cupboard locked a youHave ago. years 1840, one hundred

untold. fulness the yetchest in can your which keep mayou

terials the During and supplies? month of As I write this article I have before The poet soul of Parley P. Pratt andJune, your can beautify room you

before the close of the month have a houseme the first number of the Milcould almost make poetry out of warming, with BeeHive songs and games lennial Star. It is a very creditable prose.

inviting the light refreshments; mothersand issue, consisting of twentyfour

the to others to sure join you. singand Be sure to the carefully shall give heed We arwell written well and pages,song, Choice,"BeeHive Handbook, "My to which of as a light prophecy, word

beautifulp. 151. poet, that BeeHive would able room young ranged by A inthe place, for in seek shines and dark a

to lasting future to a pass memorial onbe P. Pratt. Parley writer, Apostle, into spirit and guides spiration that of which

BeeHive Swarms. truth, searches all things; yea, which and well and all a Truly, what man does find historical 5. In every community we the things deep of God. survives, heart, his and whole these of orspots landmarks. have with Many

the Trails Associations after him.been marked those by of blesses come who arintroductory the Following statesthe are various accessible readily and in the teaching this case, Parley, In writis ticles bit of splendid there a all.to hisat these of held Services one the of Prophet doctrines inspired torical with landmarks, songs BeeHive the on Parley's ing from hand own immortalizing Smith, was Joseph the the of history recounted,and landmark setting millennium, subject of the

interesting. be not landmarks didwould himself, perhaps he though Many of that reign of the forth nature it wellare not so known. not Would first it time. at parabe realize the The it as as understood it and peace heof interest to interview the of older some first article written the are of graphsresidents the of hislearn community, your the to outlined him by been had and true evangelist would a poettory littleknown spot as important but of some in full, secprints Prophet. he Then

that history? write preserveand and write Durthem: of tions and the Doctrine 107 20 and this visit interest,ing place of holding June,

services there, giving the spot a name and The long night of darkness is now far Covenants, pertaining to the nature, if possible,a that the stating marker, its place in primitive truth Priestrevived duties the of the rights and spent—the

the there placedhad been like and of marker named purity, daystar the and simplicity articles restorathe Short on hood.

Girls the in of the BeeHive ward,by lights comthe of that the horizon, dawn up of persecution the tion the of Jews, of twentyfive ofmemoration years Beethe of effulgent knowledge morn when

Keeping in the Church. Perhaps there are God covers the earth as the waters cover the Jews, temperance, the Latterday

trails in your locality which have never the sea. Saints in America, and others, folbeen named but which are familiar to all. It has pleased the Almighty to send forth low. Parley concludes the first numthe fulness to restoreThese could be named with appropriate an ANGEL, HOLY

services. its blessber of his magazine with four of his attendant Gospel, of the with all

6. We have seven temples in the Church. ings, to bring together his wandering sheep own poems entitled, "Invitation,"

A trip by BeeHive Girls for baptisms for into one fold, to restore to them "the faith "Baptism,""Morning Hymn,"and the of our dead temples to one be to the Saints,"would delivered once and a which was last poem, Advent.""Second The

fitting our of commemoration his BeeHive in these servants days, a to send with besince long has "Second Advent,"Jubilee matter disYear. This should the to all be the special of nations message

cussed early with the ward bishopric, as earth, in order to prepare all who will come familiar in song to the Saints well authorities, as the that temple arcall so for the advent of the hearken, second the world. throughout now We

thisrangements be joyous made for Messiah, is near may at hand. which it Kings."of "Come Thou, O King occasion.

the little One hundred In these a years—and paragraphs two short suggest service a BeeHive song We

still Star, the Millennial magazine, is Girls BeeHive given of theby summation I. A. beautiful before June M.

Sunday Evening Service commences, message and teachings which the makes its appearance, now weekly, either in the chapel or on the Church Prophet Joseph Smith presented to to the people of the British Isles.

grounds. Then announcement could be the world. It still sheds its radiance abroad, and

in services the these event of missionmade of the divine testimony

In the Parley sets bears second article to thechosen BeeHive commemorate Smith, and of the of Prophet Joseph the of his publication: purposes atforth inviting to public the Jubilee Year, he brought great which the work

tend. It is with heartfelt joy and satisfaction forth in the last days. Thousands

pleasure the the of sending have we it; ConferenceJune through of spoken voices have

first of the Millennial number Star—thatforth seeing are to looking forward We to the witness borne have thousands rightly luminary, which conducted be may all all at Conference. youyou June Do set Pratt P. Parley truths which in the of of a breaking hand, means God to see the that can BeeKeepers who the of silence darkmidnight slumber and first issue: in the forth

in inwill service attendnext year are be like ness, cloud, which, long has a gloomy ance. Many thrilling special events hung over the moral horizon—of dispelling It has pleased the Almighty to send forth

will be in the program. Department the mists of error and superstition, which an HOLY ANGEL, to restore the fulness

sessions will be filled with helpful demhave darkened the understanding, and beof the Gospel... to bring his wandering

the to restore fold into great one sheep... every and noble and numbed instructions.onstrations and

the Saints to delivered the of faith faculty of kindling once which spark a was bluntedsoul—and usual Service Five Year Pins—As last in these days the in his hearts to light servants of of send thousands,... which

willthese Conawards be made at June all nations the will to special forth, blaze at length light the message with and a up ference. Please send in to the General dawn of that bright day which was seen of the earth, in order to prepare all who

Board office immediately the names of afar off by holy men of old—the Sabbath will hearken for the Second Advent of the

those eligible for this award. of Creation. Messiah, which is near at hand.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

Lost River Stake, Nephi Moore Ward, THE CHURCH MOVES ON Christensen succeeds King. Ray

{Concluded from page 287) Hartley Ward, Alberta Stake, H. Vibert Panaca Ward, Moapa Stake, Willis

and Dr. George Albert Smith, Jr., asWoodruff succeeds Ervin A. Loose. Robinson succeeds Dan J. Ronnow.

Stake, Alberta Kimball Gerald Ward,sistant of the dean University Harvard Branch, Gila Stake, Mount Graham succeeds C. Peterson. Lowe Johngraduate that succeeds school of business, stated Johns B. Loman SwappJ. Stake, River Bear Plymouth Ward, OrasWilliam presiding Elder. invitations issuedno special were bevil succeeds Duaine H. Lamb. J. Nish

cause they wanted "all of father's Lawrence Branch, Emery Stake, Ernest Ruth Ward, Nevada Stake, Evan Ira friends to attend."H. Cullum succeeds Ira N. Day as PreDe Spain succeeds Harry C. Erickson.

WARDS RECEIVE sidingEscalanteElder. North Ward, Garfield Stake, LeoRedmondChristensenWard,succeedsNorthCharlesSevierC. Stake,BossNEW BISHOPS Andrew Spencer succeeds Lorenzo H. hard t.

Griffin. Elmhurst Stake, Milton Ward, Oakland recently bishops'Mj'ew appointed and Mountain Lake Ward, Home Moon P. succeeds Horace Ream J. McFarlane. the inthey in office succeed men Stake, Miles succeeds E. Rue Clyde St. Stake, Miami Ward, Joseph Floydclude the following: Rowley. succeeds Merrill. Clark Mack Vera

Richfield Fourth Ward, Sevier Stake,

Christian Peter Christensen succeeds Hanmer E. Peterson.

Newton Ward, Smithfield Stake, LeRoy

G. Salisbury succeeds Stanley F. Griffin.

Echo Branch, Summit Stake, William H. o/e3 uou Chappel succeeds Raymond Pace as presiding Elder.

Logan Third Ward, Cache Stake, John

A. Larsen succeeds William Evans, Jr.

Ephraim West Ward, South Sanpete

Stake, Alma Nielsen succeeds Wilford L.

Breinholt.LONG DISTANCE Adamsville Ward, Beaver Stake, Lewis

J. Stewart succeeds Charles Johnson.

Sunnyside Ward, Carbon Stake, James

E. Peacock succeeds Albert E. Hopkinson.

Corning Ward, Gridley Stake, Stephen

R. Angus, released.

Lund Ward, Idaho Stake, Luther E. Wilson succeeds Morris Creer.

St. John Ward, Malad Stake, D. Harold

Jones succeeds Henry D. Jones, deceased.

Bern Ward, Montpelier Stake, Orlando

N. Kunz succeeds Parley P. Kunz.

Las Cruces Branch, Mount Graham

Stake, Clifford Allred appointed presiding

Elder.

Osgood Ward, North Idaho Falls Stake,

John W. Rawlins succeeds Alma Williams.

Monrovia Ward, Pasadena Stake, Harold F. Coleman made bishop; was formerQfSA/feV ly presiding Elder.

DISNEY PRODUCTIONS. COPR., 1940WALT Moreland Portland Ward, Stake, J. Grant ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Stones succeeds George L. Scott.

Salem Ward, Portland Stake, Don H.

succeeds Wall Arthur C. Hawkins. JLou cover the ground—you get your full North Hollywood Ward, San Fernando

measure of extra mileage and smooth power VernonStake, LeRoyN. Tidwell.John Buckmiller succeeds

when you fill at the Standard gasoline pump. CalvinGraysA. HarborJohnson Branch,released. Seattle Stake,

Raymond Branch, Seattle Stake, FredIn all the essential qualities of performance, erick F. Irwin released.

Lund Ward, Nevada Stake, David C. Standard is unsurpassed. In every way you get Gardner succeeds Arthur N. Carter.

more value per gallon at Standard—where BerkleyStocktonReynoldsBranch, TooelesucceedsStake,FloydLeonardA.

Walker.

Extra Service is the everyday thing. Torrey Ward, Wayne Stake, E. P. Pectol now acting; Sidney P. Clark until reSTANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA E.centlyPierce.acting since release of Bishop Arthur

Mancos Ward, Young Stake, Lewis A.

Hancock succeeds James W. Goff.

Kingston Ward, Garfield Stake, Cloyd

Luther Morrill succeeds William J. Luke.

Elwood Ward, Bear River Stake, Walter

E. Fridal succeeds Amos P. Hansen.

Greenriver Ward, Carbon Stake, J. Garrett Burnett succeeds Henry Thompson.STANDARD Basin Ward, Cassia Stake, Lloyd H.Gasoline—Unsurpassed Martin succeeds Orville Heiner.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

The Church Moves On THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH

Rochester Branch, Emery Stake, Homer (Continued [rom page 283) truths upon the earth, His followers as it Ralphs Mirl im- H. succeeds that Edwards understood clearly was the effect to saving too tached much Elder. J.presiding free to for blood animal possible ethical the neglected sacrifices and Stake, Inglewood Ward, Santa Monica guilt. ( as believed from They them religion, true BarGarrett of E. Amos aspects succeeds Wallace Hammer sacrifice earlier) that had Adam low. said: for Lord) the (speaking infinite the symbolical of merely was Leith Stake, Lethbridge Barnwell Ward,

I will feasts, and sacrifice I despise your the I hate, Master. of eternal and Pierson. Gilbert I. succeeds Johnson W.

assemblies. in solemn your delight take no looked upon of was Moses Law The Stake, NeLethbridge Ward, Diamond burntoffer- offer your ye though Yea, me V. to bring succeeds Armond schoolmaster "a L. Hornberger phi as being I accept will not mealofferings, ings and

Sabey. them; neither will I regard the peaceoffer- them unto Christ."In the words

Tempe Ward, Maricopa Stake, Robert ings of your fat beasts. Take thou away of the writer of Hebrews:

Marion succeeds W. Turley. for I will Lee McCook songs; of thy noise the from me bulls the of that blood It is impossible viols. of thy the melody Mount Oghear Seventeenth not Ward, Ogden

.. sin,. [yet] take should goats away waters, and and roll as Earl succeeds justice let Robins But Stanley down Stake, den

I say, almost law, the to according may stream."mighty as a righteousness S. Paul. blood, with cleansed all and are things

Stake, North Weber Marriott Ward,

Ritchie. Lawrence succeeds Butt Lavelle In the famous "Golden TV'4 "apartredemption.from shedding... of blood there is no

made a Micah Stake, the Old South Ward, Panguitch Panguitch But Christ Testament,15

James P. entered in once.. for. throughall into histhe ownholy blood,place, Wilford the prophet Roe succeeds John protest. Hosea, Camsimilar

... redemption. eternal obtained having eron. mouthpiece as love, acting of

offerthe sanctified through been have St. George for We St. Ward, George West I desire goodsaid: also "For God, for Christ, once of the of Jesus ing body succeeds Vernon Andrus Stake, A. James the sacrifice; and not. ness, boldbrethren, therefore, and all having Worthen.

the blood the place into holy to..enter by ness burntthan of more knowledge God Stake, Oscar 17 Branch, San Juan La Sal 18 of Jesus. offerings."to sucpresiding Elder appointed Jameson

Leland ceed W. Redd. some of the be true that doctrine may was taught bv same The Stake, Summit Branch, Rockport overestimated worshipers First Peter: Karl HebrewIt writer of the Elder. presiding appointed B. Hixson

in atonblood efficacy animals'of the not redeemed ye were know that Ye TimpanoThird Ward, Pleasant Grove

... things, with the But corruptible of with but for sin; ing when the Man succeeds Har- S. Walker gos Stake, Joseph

old M. Wright. Galilee reestablished the Gospel precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb

312) (Continued on page Woodruff Ward, Randolph 5:2124; 4:4r. Stake, """Amos

3:2127; 10:1-31; Romans Lawrence Peart succeeds Willard 6:1921; 7:2124. "Hebrews 9:1128; George 6:1-8; Jeremiah 15Micah

B. Johnson. 1BHosea 6:6; Isaiah 58:1-7. Ephesians 1:7.

lots of reallife sitWE'RE SEEING uations this year like the typical but imaginary one shown here. It7H/SWES&71&ft doesn't take you long, on the road in

a 1940 Ford V-8, to find that here's the greatest money's worth so little money ever bought.

TRY THE RIDE! The surprising bigcar ride

that's one of 1940's big motoring events!

SEE THE ROOM! Extra kneeroom, legroom,

headroom... you'll find a Ford surprisingly big inside... where bigness counts

most!

FEEL THE POWER! Of the only 8-cylinder

engine in any lowprice car!

CHECK ON ECONOMY! The 85 h.p. Ford's

24.92 miles per gallon in the famous Gilmore-Yosemite economy test was best of

all standardequipped cars at its price!

COMPARE FEATURES! Biggest hydraulic

brakes at low price! Semicentrifugal clutch!

Positive, easyacting fingertip gearshift!

CHECK EQUIPMENT! See how much more

you get in a Ford at no extra cost!

This year talk "Trade"with your Ford Dealer first!

DIFFERENT FROM ANY LOWPRICE CAR YOU'VE EVER SEEN!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH HEALTH (Continued from page 31 1 that practice was that the Divine spot: blemish without without and the Who Ruler of blood required shedding COOKER foreordained verily the foundabefore was Consists of 4 separate to extricate win from 18 sin and man the tion of world. of bright compartments

coinsteel—allowing for him heavenly grace. Therefore,

preparation plete meal ofin comone John the Revelator contributed the they believed that on certain imutensil over one burner thought that Lucifer and his followportant occasions God could be aplabor—saving—fuel ers were overcome "by the blood of peased only through the sacrificing but most important

minerals and vitamins lost in ordinary cookthe Lamb... slain from19 the of their most perfect child. Pagan

certain influences times at of world."foundation the caused steam cookin finest eding—food enamel Israel, to people, chosen God's Christianity no time was even water touches food. At the

Solid copper offer their base little children as an oblathe throughout spreading world size 9x17—-$5.95 tion for sin. an Naturally such paid. for circular of Write postyes, the first the date and from

practice Ellis. 722 strenuously George was in apostate true the Hay apostasy from Gospel 22 St., Calif. Los Angeles, prophets. the holy opposed by final trithe to the days of Adam

umph of Christianity over paganism What was the origin of such a in 392 A. D.—the majority of the ghastly rite? It is probable that the

heathenistic religions attributed a offering of youths and maidens is an pronounced saving efficacy to blood. adoption of the ideas underlying the

Some cults, in order to utilize its atonement of Jesus Christ. Just as

A FULL QUARTER potent,or sprinkledlifegivingtheir qualities,devotees washedin it. 20 histhe OnlyEternalBegottenFather Sonwillinglyto expiategave

Some pagans even drank blood for penitent mortals, so were pagans the purpose of21 effecting a rebirth or convinced that they must sacrifice

Of Inspiring Study regeneration.The majority of the pagan groups theirgressions.childrenHenceto atonethe fortruetheirandtransorig-

offered sacrifices of victims ranging inal concept dates back to the first from their most beautiful youths and messianic revelation given to father to that perfect babies most of divers Adam.This Summer underlying animals. concept The Another very pertinent religious

1 Peter 1:1821. Students of the Church University 12:11; 13:8. practice which claimed saving grace Revelations

Summer School will have excep0Exodus 24:5-8; Harold Willoughby, Pagan Regenfor the devotees comparable to the

tional opportunities to develop, not eration,O/fciU,45,68113.129132. atonement of the Man of Galilee

in (bath of taurobolium was thatonly mentally but ethically and bull's the blood), and its variant, spiritually. to the regular Added in (bath ram's blood). criobolium rain for LEADERSHIPfaculty are visiting specialists such Mysteries and Great Mother The

as these: able.Your Woodbury,career requiresthe thelargestfinestCollegetrainingofobtainBusi- Mithraism—two of the strongest

ness Administration the Professional in Arts and Christianity rivals of pagan offers scientifically West, training directedDr. which Bennion, L. M. Lynn Supervisor, D. S.

first the four centuries to A. enables start graduates salaries at higher and Seminaries. D.—promduring win quicker advancement. proselytes ised to salvation whoDr. Director, Daryl Chase, L. D. S. Instiin Courses Administration, Business Accounting, Secretarial Science, Foreign JournalTrade, tute, Ariz. Tucson, cleansed in the sacred themselves

ism, SecretariMerchandising, Radio Movie andDr. Horn, Ralph Dean, bull or ram. of the Buffalo State Teachal, blood with Bachelor in years. Degree Shorter two

ers'College, Y. N. Art, Courses; Commercial also Commercial CosInterior Design, Decoration, EcoDr. Home Dearborn, Division Dean, Ned of Gentumenomics. eral Education, Univ. York New Athletics, Social Activities, Deseret for Drudentius, a Christian poet, who Club

Professor Ernest Jackman, students. Prostudent Supervised Mormon Exchange homes. eyebeen to have is purported an

1,500 positions than More filled annually. fessor in Education, of University rite, desto a the recorded Partwitness time provided. State Free catalog. work course Maine. desired.

it cription the as during practiced ofDr. Stewart, George Professor of Agronthird, centuries second, fourth U. omy, and S. Department of Agriculture,

23 Forest Service. UIOODBURY COLLEGE a golden A. D. crown Wearing WILSHIRE BLVD. LOS ANGELES.CALIF.President Glenn Snow, Dixie Junior Col1023 with with wreathed and his body lege.

Glen Turner, Curator, Springville Art fillets, the one being initiated deinto a Gallery. trench which scended was BE INDEPENDENT of perforplatform a covered with

First No Other Vocation so Profitable ated planks. A beautiful bull, Term—June 10July 19

Alpine Term—July 22August 24 For a CompleteENROLL CourseNOW at the wasdecoratedled onwiththe platformgold andandflowers,there

Summer Conference on Education, stabbed to death with the conseJune 1721 Quish School of Beauty Culture crated spear. "Its hot reeking blood

The Best in the West poured in torrents through the aperFor details, address Dean of Summer 336340 S. Main, American Bldg., tures, and was received with devout

School SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH eagerness by the expectant worFor Further Information shiper"below. 2* After this baptism,

or Catalog Call

26; Leviticus 20:3031; 18:21; 20:2-5; 19: Ezekiel Brigham Young University WasatchFill 7560in Thisor 4-5; 21:1-17. 17:17; 16:3; 2 Kings

PROVO, UTAH Coupon Willoughby,2SPrudentius,op.Peristephanon,cit., 131. X, 1011 ff, cited in

2*Edward Carpenter, Pagan and Christian Creeds, 43; Samuel Angus, Mystery Religions and Christianity,

9495.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

rejoiced, soul saying: The righteous white are drenched,the garments "they is lifted are neophyte emerged whose

30 is slain the up, from the foundaand Lambdripping, of the the head to Lamb."through blood from and scarlet 28

tion of the world.

prophets,foot. the Old to specgreeted the the According by was He clear Nephite record makes The undertators eventually born as should "had Jerusalem been one who

i. e., points, important two that the also life for eternity."transformationagain to divine a and become a go

in the phrase of the blood "washed filled righteousness. in to city with "believed bath holy blood a wasThe

is old, that extremely the Lamb"and that in evils reside sins those timepurify that the from him who and At in lived prophets ancient Amerwho life been hisof have [who] are city old a him make and "They new 8 ica 2"its true understood meaning.

in of the divinized Lamb."or rather bloodman, a the human."washed Jaredites to The America came who similarities bewere There many shortly infollowing faflood the were of people race who Another the this practicetween and pagan

it. miliar last their with Ether, taught ancient America habitedChristian's of concept baptism and prophet, predicted that a B. "New doctrine. (600 Nephi the same Christ. of example, Foratonement

this built Jerusalem"would be upon redeemed, of the in speaking C), the initiate's intothe going down the continent, those American and are made garments said, "Their forth very againtrench coming and 314) inhabit should city that page on (Concluded who Utopian rebirth,aptly death symbolized and -9 13:1011. Pearl of Ether Price, soBook of Great Mormon, 7:47; Revelations Moses to blood efficacy the attached theand 5:6; 13:8.!Ibid.

of the holy bull or ram was believed to have as much saving effect as n

Christian baptism and the atonement of Jesus. In the word's of Dr. Dill:

In taurobolium there was developed a ritual in which, coarse and materialistic as it was, paganism made, in however imperitsfect a form, nearest28 approach to the of thereligion Cross.

The fundamental concept in taurobolium and ctiobolium had a kinship to the divine revelation on baptism and atonement as given to

Adam, wherein the Lord said:

Ye must... be cleansed by blood,

even the blood of mine Only Begotten; that

ye might be sanctified from all sin, and enjoy the words of eternal life in this world, and eternal life in the world to come, even imsanctified.mortal glory;27 For... by the blood ye are IF There is any Doubt

J. M. Robertson came to the folconclusion:lowing to Buy

In the procedure of taurobolia and crioas to What bolia which grew very popular in the

Roman world, we have the literal and original meaning of that phrase "washed in the blood of the lamb"; the doctrine being is the ansuierthat resurrection and eternal life were se- "CATERPILLAR"

with or sprinkling drenchingcured by the88 ram. bull oractual of a sacrificial blood

TIIG users of machinery everywhere throughout

It is true that in washing with *-* this territory, as well as throughout the world, ram's blood the pagans did put a very literal and realistic interpretahave learned from experience that "Caterpillar"tion on the foregoing phrase, but the gives more dependable service at lower cost than evidence contained! in the Book of

Mormon is positive to the effect that any other similar type of equipment.

in taurobolium and criobolium we do not find the origin of the statement Not only is "Caterpillar"the largest manufacturer of "washed in the blood of the lamb."Diesel Power but, also, "Caterpillar"leads in satisfied

That phrase did not originate with either the pagans nor with the Necustomers.

phites. Both groups, inherited it

from an earlier source—from the

doctrine of atonement instituted before man was placed upon the earth. TRACTOR and

In fact, EQUIPMENT CO.

SALT LAKE CITY Enoch saw the day of the coming of theSon of Man, even in the flesh; and his LANDES

Distributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines,

Willoughby, op. cit., 131.

26Samuel Dill, Roman Society from Nero to Marcus TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery 155. Aurelius,27 6:5760. Moses Great Price,

315. Christs, PearlM. ofRobertson, Pagan 28 J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH

his into unclean thing enter (Concluded [com page can 313) No light Further upon thrown was 82 therefore into nothing entereth in this in whilewhite blood;"His subject a pertinent statement Alma hiskingdom; rest, those it be save have washed who

five later) (nearly years hundred to Brigham Lord by the Young their in blood, garments of made because my 88 proclaimed the same concept. their faith, and the repentance of all their relative to the martyrdom of the

The foregoing phraseology, theresins, and their faithfulness unto the end.85 Prophet. Quoting:

figurative lanmerelyfore, was guage, did not as the Nephites beThe night preceding His crucitestimonyIt was needfulwith his thatblood,he thatshouldhe mightseal hisbe sufwillingly the Christ Jesuslieve teach that there or a fixion, would be honored,39 and the wicked might be conintensely fered so that "blood cometh demned.literal in of beings washing human

pore, so great every [was] fromChrist's blood. bemeaning The the the understood Revelator.. John his for the anguish wickedness that thathind the peophrase was sacridoctrine of through atonement his the of abominations peo-.and faith,ple repentance, through who, 38 in its fice in exrejoiced and Jesus ple."confirmation, righteousbaptism, and piating grace. regarding wrote He terribly real actual manner, In and some celestialliving, glory merited were Galilee: the of Man to incomprehensible, the though Savman inthe the ones were "washed who

ior the the of took Himself upon burden they song, saying, a thou sung And new of In the referenceblood Lamb."sins to the of end from mankind Adam art to the take to open book, and worthy 87 declared: theto wicked, Alma of the world. seals thereof: slain, the for thou and wast

will at that unto you, I say ye know it necessary for the ofhasteveryredeemedkindred,us toandGodtongue,by thyandbloodpeople,out that cannot [judgment day] be Why was yeday saved; for there can no man be saved exSavior to shed His blood? His own and nation; And hast made us unto our God

cept his garments are washed white; yea. answer to this interrogation is the kings and priests: and we shall reign on

his garments must be purified until they best that could be given. Quoting the earth.40

are cleansed from blood of him of whomall itstain,has beenthroughspokenthe His words to the Prophet Joseph Jesus, therefore, preceding cruciSmith fathers should our come to redeemby who fixion struggle, great His last had sins. 84 theirhis people from these suffered behold, For I, God, have mortality, while in with Satan and if all, that for things they might not suffer

When the Master visited the Nethey would repent. But if they would not with death and came forth victoriphites following His resurrection, repent, they must suffer even as I, which ous. As the Father had life in Himmyself, the greatcaused even God, self, the Son. through so had in suffering Thus doctrine Alma'sHe confirmed

est to of all, tremble of pain, and the death because38 the of an expiatory Master following important remark,the at to bleed pore. every

sacrifice offered. Justice was was clearmaking one can be washed how

Ibid., 3 Nephi 27:1327; Doctrine and Covenants, satisfied, fulfilled, the willin of God the of the blood Lamb: 76:69. Sec.

3:7. of 38Book Mosiah Mormon,

E. Christ, 613. and the Son became the Master of S2Ibid.. 1 Nephi 12:10. Talmage, Jesus the S7James

all 33Ibid eternal. Alma 5:21; 13:11. 3SLuke 22:3944; Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. life as in "For Adam

**lbid. 19:1618.

die, all shall Christ be even so 41 in made alive."Through the power

of "light and life"which was in Him, all resurrected. men shall be Thus

SKx:.- ":V.:>:.'the at Golgotha and in Gethsemane

Lamb of God's blood was12 shed in order that we might live.

ssIbid.. 136:39b.

5:9-10. ""Revelations

*M Corinthians 15:2122.

1-205; Mediation and Atonement, John Taylor, jw&7/i&f/lOUi Talmage, 1731, 610614; op. cit., Ibid., Articles o{

Faith, 7697.

Plan a vacation that IS a CUP COUPON FOR vacationl Rediscover AmerEXTRA VACATION ica firsthand... by highDIVIDENDS! way... by aircondifioned How The Church

SuperCoach! See things

you'd other miss,way traveling... free fromany Stands Today

roadmaps. highway markers I ( Continued from page 269

and driving strainl Paste this coucon on a penExpended directly by the card and UNIONpostal PACIFIC 77 M\Qtt PHOTO SIfiGIS nyTOURS. SouthBUSmailTemto ExpendedChurch Welfarefor theCommittee..$extension 144,080.00 West

ple St., SALT LAKE CITY, and improvement of hospifor UTAH, colorful 1940 Vatal for the buildings and cation Folders.

.... 98,321.89 therein care of the sick Make Your

Vacation Plans NAME Additional assistance extended iiIihIhh liiiliiir NOW! ADDRESS togramthe Church(wards, buildingstakes, proand

CITY STATE IE440 missions) representing pay- (If Student, State Grade ) ments on the basis of 60% for buildings authorized before the change in policy

January 1, 1939 80,268.79

Total $1,490,981.92

In addition to the foregoing, the following supplies had been assembled and were on THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 194C

How The Church Otherpoundsvegetables, MembershipBrazilian over 1500: 54

Stands Today Meat, pounds149,877 1,094.10 EastSwissGerman6759

hand December 31, 1939, 28,816 3,169.76 CaliforniaEastern States 5352

for available and are the Total 1,250,643 $ 16,983.03

1940: the year during needy The Church Unemployment

Clothing and Bedding Fuel and Lumber Situation

Estimated Coal, pounds As of December 31, 1939, as follows:

Value 935,300 $ 1,870.60 Employable needing employment,

Men's clothing, Wood, cords Januarv 1, 1939 6,817 pieces 5,635 $ 2,254.00 250 1,250.00 Employable needing employment,

Women's clothing, Lumber, board feet December 31, 1939 5,046 pieces 9,944 2,483.20 4,989 139.67 Skilled workmen unemployed, DeChildren's clothing, cember 31, 1939 659

pieces 5,451 1,253.75 Total $ 3,260.67 Unskilled workmen unemployed,

Quilts and miscelDecember 31, 1939 3,195 laneous items Total on hand Women unemployed, December 31, 8,442 8,929.06 December 31, 1939 $173,576.03 1939 1,192

Number employed during year 2,963

Total 29,472 $ 14,920.01 Fast Offering Information Number of persons used on Church

7,188 year projects during work offerings welfare confast and Fruits and Vegetables Average Canned assisted of persons number 82.2 Average tributions capita per in wards 12,955 monthlyFruits vegeand

tables, cans Stakes with the highest per capita:

York 2.16 1,177,516 $129,526.76 New and Improvement Summary—Erection 2.13 CurlewFruits vegeapd of Church Buildings 1.92 St. Johns bottles tables,

1.53 Angeles South Los 3,410.22 31,002 for and ward Appropriated

.1.42 Benson fruits vegeandDried buildings $ 657,012.94 stake

1.41 Chicago tables, pounds seminaries for Appropriated

1.40 Bonneville 5,475.34 104,110 institutes - 36,004.37 and

1.33 Kanab hospital for Appropriated

1.31 Portland $138,412.32 Total 15,183.15 buildings

1.30 San Bernardino the for locally raised Amount Produce Other of stakes that paid more than.... Number 525,146.24 foregoing improvements

Flour, pounds $1.00 per capita 28 Expended for mission build230,521 $ 3,457.81 Missions with the highest per capita: ings and real estate 116,807.05

Potatoes, pounds Membership less than 1500: Improvements in temples 10,266.38

524,132 5,294.15 Japanese 1.59

Grain, pounds Czech 92 Total -- $L 360,420.13

317,297 3,967.21 Argentine 55 (Continued on page 316)

SERVICE

RIGHT NOW!

Let us "SUMMERIZE"Your Car

The right grade of oil in the crankcase... the

correct lubricant in transmission and differential... good safe tires... Specialized Lubrication all

around... battery and lights checked—these are

items you need now for enjoyable and economical summer motoring. Let us do it for you.

Drive in at the Vico—Pep 88 sign

[or finest products and better service

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

THE ADVERTISERS HOW THE CHURCH STANDS TODAY counselor, as first Kate Brown Lyman M and Where You Will Find ( Continued [com page 315) counselor, Julia as second Barker A. and

Their Messages STATISTICS AND OTHER DATA F. Lund as secretarytreasurer.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co FOR THE YEAR 1939 Amy Brown Lyman appointed president the of Relief Society, the Board General -...Back Cover 31, There 1939: were on December

first as 128 ofwith Marcia Knowlton Howells Bennett Paint Glass 265 and Co (at the stakes present time 1055 130);

seccounselor, Sorenson Durrant as St. Borden's Donna Charles Evaporated total wards; or branches, independent 99 a

. counselor, ond and Vera Pohlman White Milk 291 1,154 in of the stakes branches and wards

secretarytreasurer. general as Brigham University 312 Young also of missions; Zion; mission 1002 35

sureleased as has been Anderson Cloverleaf Dairy May 297 districts. branches, and 250

the perintendent of the of General Board Continental Oil 264 Company

Deseret Press318 News Church Membership PrimaryIsabelle S.Association.Ross as firstAlsoassistantreleasedsuperinwere Ford Motor 311 Co

Fuller, W. P. & Co 263 Stakes 645,618 tendent, Edith H. Lambert as second asGeorge Ellis Health Cooker 312 Missions 157,910 sistant superintendent, and Mary R. Jack,

Globe Grain & Milling Co 292 as secretary and treasurer.

Harper & Brothers, Inc 261 Total. 803,528 May Green Hinckley appointed superHovey Press. 264 intendent of the General Board of the PriIntermountain Knitting Co 259 Church Growth mary Association, with Adele Cannon HowInternational Harvester Co. 257 ells as first assistant superintendent, Janet

KSL Radio Station Children blessed and entered on the Murdoch Thompson as second assistant

Inside Back Cover records of the Church in the stakes superintendent, and Beth Paxman as sec-

L. D. S. Business College 319 and missions 20,988 retary and treasurer.

Landes Tractor & Equipment Co...313 Children baptized in the stakes and

McCune School of Music 304 missions 15,199 Special Appointments in the stakes Converts baptized and Miss Saylor's Chocolates 297

Y. appointed Cannon, as chairTracy missions 7,945 Fuel Mountain Supply

to the of General Committee Music man of missionaries longterm Number States Mountain Implement Co 264317 Ballard, Apostle succeed Melvin Leand J. 2,046 31, Zion, 1939 from December...... Nalley's, Inc 293

to appointed succeed Robertson Roy of shortterm missionaries Number School of Beauty Culture.. Ogden 264

assistant. Brother as second J. Cannon George.... 31, Zion, 26 from 1939 December Palace Hotel 265

first assistant, D. Pyper, and Lorenzo N. local of missionaries 78 Number Purex 295

secretary, Mitchell, retained. were of Quish School Culture..312 Beauty

Red Comet Fire Extinguisher Co...260 Total number of missionaries in

Royal Baking Co 297 the missions of the Church 2,150 Mission Presidents engaged Number in missionary work Royal Typewriter Co 260 President released from Joseph E. Evans in the stakes Stores, Inc. Safeway 262 2,101 presiding Mission. over French

Shell Oil Inside Co.—Front Cover President released Franklin Murdock J. missionaries Total 4,251 Standard of Calif Oil Co. 310 Mission. Netherlands from

of missionaries Number who reThree Diamonds Crabmeat 296 President released from Joseph Jacobs training ceived in the Missionary Pacific Union Stages 314 PalestineSyrian Mission.

1,071 Home Utah Engraving Co. 316 President B. released Garff from Mark

Fire Insurance Co... 261 Utah Home

Oil Refining Utah 315 Co Social Statistics DanishPresidentMission.John A. Israelsen released from

Poultry Utah Producers'Coop. Mission. Norwegian rate, Birth 31.5 per thousand Ass'n 294 President released from B. Brown Hugh rate, per 17 Marriage thousand Utah Light Power 296 Co 6 British Mission.. rate, 6.5 thousand per Washburn Condon & 316 Death President released Thomas E. McKay

College Woodbury 312

. Z. C. M. I 261 Expended for the Maintenance from Swiss Mission.

of Missionaries New Stakes Organized

Collected by wards and paid to missionaries $ 86,392.67 A new stake to be known as Inglewood

It 19th. organized Stake was November cost per missionary,. Average.

five OfFER and wards one independent WE per or 1939, $31.06 a comprises month COMPLETE A branch: Torrance and wards Redondo total per of per $372.72 year SERVICE ENGRAVING Stake; taken from Inglewood, Beach Long mismissionary. of Missionary From largest Number portraits to the

catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. sionaries1939, 2,150, Decembermaking a total31, ElMarSegundoVista, andBranchSantatakenMonicafrom Hollywoodwards and

expense for the average CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

St. 113 Regent Stake.A new stake to be known as Emigration Utah Salt Lake City, year of 801,348.00

Estimated possible earnings Stake was organized March 10th by a diper missionary $900.00 per vision of the Ensign Stake, and consists

the Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Twenof of year by 2,150, number tyfirst, Twentyseventh, and University missionaries, an estimakes mated total of what these wards. The Ensign Stake now consists of

missionaries might have the North Eighteenth, South Eighteenth, earned if at home of 1,935,000.00 Twentieth, and Ensign wards. A new stake to be known as Riverside

Total estimated contribution Stake was organized March 24th by a diof missionaries and their vision of the Salt Lake Stake, and consists

PRODUCERS families for the preaching of the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentyeighth

SALES AGENTS of the Gospel $2,822,740.67 Twentyninth,wards. The SaltThirtyfourth,Lake Stakeand retainsCenter

the Nineteenth, Fourteenth, Seventeenth, OFFICERS, CHANGES IN CHURCH Twentythird, Twentysecond, TwentySTAKE, ORWARD, BRANCH AND fourth, Hill wards. Capitol and SINCE GANIZATIONS LASTCflTIEE HOGS SHEEP CONFERENCE OCTOBER Stake Changed Name

UNION STOCK YARDS General Auxiliary Boards

Los Anqeles Stockton Reorganized as TheSan oldFernandoPasadenaStake.StakeLos isAngelesnow knownStake

So.San Francisco Louise Y. Robison has been released as was formerly known as Hollywood Stake,

president of the General Board of the ReSouth Los Angeles Stake was formerly lief Society. Also released were Amy known as Los Angeles Stake.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

formerly independent branch of that stake. Branches DisorganizedHow The Church

New Independent Branches Grays Harbor Branch, Seattle Stake, transferred to States Northwestern backStands Today

Stake Seattle Branch, transStake, Raymond Presidents Appointed Falls'HighlandStake, wasParkformerlyBranch,dependentNorth branchIdaho Mission.

ferred back to Northwestern States Misof Idaho Falls Fourth Ward. president appointed S. Erekson William

Branch, Ophir Tooele Stake, has been resion. Presiof Stake to succeed the Cottonwood

organized; inactive since 1927.dent E. Bringhurst. Samuel Those Who Have Passed Away Las Cruces Branch, Mount Graham Alfred appointed president of E. Rohner

the newly organized Inglewood Stake. Stake, was formerly dependent branch of Harold G. Reynolds, L. D. S. Mission

Alma Sonne appointed president of the El Paso Ward. Secretary and Church transportation agent

Cache Stake to succeed President Joseph Rockport Branch, Summit Stake, was forsince 1906, also bishop of Twentyfirst

E. Cardon. merly dependent on Wanship Ward. Ward for fifteen years, and former memGeorge L. Scott appointed president of ber of Deseret Sunday School Union Genthe Portland Stake to succeed President Ward Disorganized eral Board.

Monte Lafayette Bean. James G. McDonald, presiding Elder at

Harold S. Snow appointed president of Corning Ward, Gridley Stake, disorganBrighton for many years, also civic and

the St. George Stake to succeed President ized and transferred to California Mission; industrial leader.

William O. Bentley. to function as Sunday School in the Shasta Ephraim P. Ellison, director of Beneficial

President Colen H. Sweeten released as District. (Concluded on page 319)

president of Curlew Stake.

Willard Ellis Bay appointed president of the Garfield Stake to succeed President

Milton Twitchell.

Edwin Sorensen appointed president of the North Sevier Stake to succeed President Heber C. Williams.

Irvin L. Warnock appointed president

of the Sevier Stake to succeed President

W. Eugene Poulson.

C. Douglas Barnes appointed president

of the Long Beach Stake to succeed President John W. Jones.

Royle S. Papworth appointed president

of the Star Valley Stake to succeed President Clarence Gardner.

George A. Christensen appointed president of the newly organized Emigration

Stake.

John B. Matheson appointed president

of the newly organized Riverside Stake.

Stake Disorganized

disorganized Stake FebruCurlew was IS READY to transferred other WHEN YOUR HAY CROPary 11th and wards stakes as follows: Arbon Ward to Pocatello Stake; Holbrook.. Ward to Malad AND THE WEATHER WON'T WAITStake; Rosette, Snowville, Park Valley,

and Stone wards to Bear River Stake.

You can depend on sturdy Oliver hay tools. A lightdraft, cleanclipping

Ward Transferred Hollywood Ward, Los Angeles Stake, Oliver Mower—tractormounted or pulltype—will do a fast, sure job of

transferred from San Fernando Stake. cutting. The huskyframed Oliver Self Dump Rake will handle heavy or

Ward Name Changed light hay under any conditions. Or you may prefer the rolling action of

Central Ward, South Sevier Stake, was formerly known as Inverury Ward. the Oliver Combination Side Delivery Rake and Tedder.

New Wards Organized There are tools in the Oliver line to meet your needs for all crops and

Cedar Fourth Ward, Parowan Stake, created by a division of Cedar Third Ward. all operations and Oliver tractors with plenty of reserve power to pull and

Mount Ogden Ward, Mount Ogden Stake, created by a division of Ogden drive. Visit your nearest Mountain States Branch or Mountain States

Twelfth and Ogden Seventeenth Wards.

Kaysville First Ward, North Davis Stake, dealer and see what Oliver offers.

and Kaysville Second Ward, North Davis createdStake, by a division of former Attention, opportunity seekers! Good territories are still open for MounKaysville Ward.

Garfield Stake, East Oquirrh Ward, and tain States dealerships. Write us today.Garfield creStake, Oquirrh Ward, West

ated by a division of the former Garfield

Ward.

Maxwell Park Ward, Oakland Stake, created by a division of the Dimond and

Elmhurst Wards. STATES

North Las Vegas Ward, Moapa Stake, MOUNTAIN created '-'--by "a division of the Las VegasWard. IMPLEMENT OGDEN, UTAH CO

Independent Branches Made Wards BRANCHES: UTAH BRANCHES: IDAHO

Preston Bexburg Caldwell Stake, Ward, was. Nampa for- 'MurrayOgden Rupertmerly of independent branch stake. same Logan -: BlackfootShelley Twin Monrovia Ward, Pasadena Stake, was Tremonton Idaho Falls BuhlFalls

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

SOLUTION OF APRIL PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—"Awaiting an Answer"

(Hab. 2=1)

A D l A N T U M =&> s V A N N E A H I D s D A $ $ A c s u L A A N N A T & -R A T fe R A M S w H s D V E M E N 8 A E E H S s U T T fe $ S A E N R T & D $ 1 1 S A A N D D N & 8AI "R N E S Q E D A A S K E 8S T 8B f$ A L S E u B N & M $ & FA

S U M M E B &> F R u 1 T o s T L Y s p A R

ewi!

onvenient!

Jt'slnexpen6we I WHAT? ACROSS

InexConvenient, New, Our Satisfactory which Habakkuk the 34 burden 1 "The Binder readymade pensive... did see"35 Harden

for keeping your IMPROVE- 7 "I am Alpha and..."37 "when I.. reproved"

horses accesreadily 11 Small 39 Tans ERAS MENT is "that he may 41 of one 12 Book Job The of sible with a minimum ". Turkey... delivered'1 of it shall Weight speak"42 the at end 13 trouble.

... Tight 44 vision"14 "Write..

transgresseth wine""he... is 46

temple Lord is in......holy "the 47 These binders are durable, 16 "Theblessed"memory of the

attractive, and so made that 18 "would God I had died for thee, 49 "this is the victory that overcometh a whole year's issues can be O..., my son, my son!"the world, even our..."

point Compass 50 Oil, form a combining 20 kept, conveniently issue by Muffled 51 21 Note for immediate issue, ready about with... great "compassed which is lifted 52 his soul "Behold, 22

reference.... is not upright in him"a cloud of witnesses"

2 * Wear down 53 One who asserts a right

And the price is only $1.25 L'j Crude tartar 54 Third king of Judah

State Everglade per binder! 28.. answer"Our Text from Habakkuk is 13, 14,?9 "what I.

if a man do he shall... 16, 29, 31, 46, 47, and 49 combined win31 "which in display our them See

in them"8, South Main No. dow,

Street, or call at 29 Richards

Street, for full particulars. DOWN

1 Pages 23 "Therefore, behold, I will...

2 They put Paul in peril her"3 Burden 24 Child (Scot.)

4 Century plant fiber 26 Like a specter 5 "make it plain upon tables, that 27 Used for calking seams... may run that readeth it"30 One of a family descended from

6 Impede Gershon; Neil bit (anag.)

will answer: thou, and I 7 "call cLjeSerel I lewd answer and let thou... 3332 Nuns"And the..., which the Lord me speak,

me"God had taken from man"8 Army officer 36 Greek letter.. 9 Rival 37 Borders on p.redd 10 Combustible mixtures 38 Manner

29 Richards Street 12 From 40 Book in the Old Testament before 15 Hectometer Habakkuk Salt Lake City, Utah 17 "And whereas thou sawest the feet 43 "Where is... thy brother"

animal City;..."45

of India Weight 48 of Asher; the Altar Prompt Attention Given to 18 Descendantand

Mail Orders and Inquiries 19 Soothe 50 Palmetto State 51 Note in minor

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1940

THE STANDS CHURCH TODAY HOW

of the first (Concluded pioneer handcart com- "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"page 317) member from

Life Insurance Company, president of Laypany to come to Utah ( the Ellsworth Comton Sugar Company, and for many years pany); was bishop of the Lake Shore Ward

counselor in the North Davis Stake presifor thirtyfour years.

Elizabeth former Crismon, Caindency. Turner L. D. S. College of the of the General Board Sarah E. Stewart, noted educational and member L. D.

civic leader and Church auxiliary worker, S. National Woman's Relief Society under

widow of William M. Stewart, founder and President Emmeline B. Wells.

first the School of Education at the Marion A. dean of

Blaine of presidency. University Stake Utah. Condie, first counselor in Alumni in

Florence Neslen Evans, widow of the Bishop James Johnson, Nampa Second late John A. Evans, and mother of Richard Ward, Nampa Stake.

L. Evans of the First Council of Seventy. Bishop Henry Jones, St. Johns Ward,

Lorenzo Argyle, believed to be the last Malad Stake. Washington

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS Returns from a recent survey { Concluded from page 289 God saw that it was good. And God blessshow that eightysix former

Compare this near nonsense with edandthem,fill thesaying,watersBein fruitful,the seas,andandmultiply,let fowl students of the L. D. S. Busithe stately, clear, and understandmultiply in the earth. And the evening and ness College are now emthe fifth account given in Genesis, first the morningable were day. ployed in Washington, D. C.

the earth bring forth Let And God said,chapter: the living creature after his kind, cattle, Many others hold Civil Service

the created the beginning heaven In God thing, creeping and beast of the earth and positions throughout the nawith- earth the the wasand earth. And after so. his kind; and it was God And

out form, and void; and darkness was upon made the beast of the earth after his kind, tion.

the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God and cattle after their kind, and every thing

of the waters. the face upon Andmoved

light: there there Let and beGod said, was andthat Godcreepethsaw uponthat itthewasearthgood.after his kind: It is said that the world's

light. And God saw the light, that it was And God said, Let us make man in our largest employer is the United

light the from dividedgood: and God after the image, likeness: our and let them have States Government. Requirelight called the Day,darkness. And God dominion the over the sea, fish of over and

and the darkness he called Night. And the the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and ments are high; but the pay,

theevening were and the morning all the first day. over over creeping earth, and every working conditions, and opsaid, a firmament Let there be And God thing that creepeth the earth. upon So

in the midst of the waters, and let it divide God created man in his own image, in the portunities for advancement waters. the waters, from the And of created God image he God him; male and are excellent. waters divided the the firmament, andmade female created them. he 1:1-27.) (Genesis

the the firmament from under werewhich of surest, the quickest One the firmament: which above werewaters Bible account The with compared

it firmacalled the so. to was Godand for And Civil prepare in Babylonian, the of D. ways words the the the evening and Heaven.ment And is to Service take intensive, is Bernhard Stade, a "as the clear mounday. second weremorning

And God said, Let the waters under the tain spring to the slough of a village practical training in stenogplace, together gathered unto one beheaven cesspool."(See Fosdick, Guide to raphy, bookkeeping, appear: and the and dry land it wasand so. the Understanding of the Bible. Earth; called the and dry landAnd letGod other business subjects and

called of the message the waters of together gathering Oldthe What is the that Seas: and it washe God saw good. Testament? the first the this is the right place to obtain to From

forth said, earth bring Let the GodAnd last, in the Pentateuch, in the hissuch training!

fruit the seed, yieldinggrass, the herb and tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed torical books, in the poetical books, Day and evening classes is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. and in the prophets, it teaches the

And the earth brought forth grass, and existence of a personal God, the continue throughout the year after his kind, yielding seed andherb the Maker of the heavens and the earth,—and you'll be surprised at itself, fruit, seedtree yielding was in whose

after his kind: and God saw that it was the Father of the human race. It the low rates of tuition! The

good. And the evening and the morning teaches that the earth and all things coupon below will bring you

third the day.were for it are provided upon man's benecomplete information. lights in the said, Let there be God And that difit, but law, obey man must to the the divide of heavenfirmament day

from the night; and let them be for signs, and vine law, to secure the blessings he

for seasons, and for days, and years: And desires. It teaches that obedience

the of lights for firmament in thelet be them the to for law, moral S. BUSINESS given by God L D.

it earth: light the to give and uponheaven in involving faith conduct, human

lights; great so. two madewas God And not God, COLLEGE with to be compared manlight the to rule the day,the greater and

lesser light to rule the night: he made the made, ethical, selfish codes of acSalt Lake City, Utah

stars also. And God set them in the firmation, is the most important concern

light the to give heaven uponment of the of man. It is the message of mestheearth, to over rule over day and and

the night, and to divide the light from the sages for humankind.

S. L. D. BUSINESS COLLEGE it remains That that message good. unchangeddarkness: and saw was God

City, Salt Utah Lake the the the evening morning were and inAnd first last the essence from to the Please without Gentlemen: send me,fourth day. obligation, "Bulletin of Informayour of the Testament; the page but Old

the said, bring waters Let tion."God And

to often people given it was whom that the creatureforth abundantly moving that truth, the fell from then and fly above fowlhath life, and by slow that may

Name:... in the of heaven. firmamentearth open And their degrees found back. way

whales, created every great andGod livIn the words of Brigham Young, Address: the thating creature moveth, waters which

brought forth abundantly, after their kind, "In the Bible are the words of life and every winged fowl after his kind: and and salvation."

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY PAINFUL DENTISTRY

LAST means "final"; latest means "most recent"but implies McPhairson went to the dentist to have a tooth pulled.

of the same. For instance, will there be others that much?"he asked. "Mr. "How

after his death,"and "Miss last published Yeats'was book "Five shillings."

Millay's latest book is titled——Conversations at Midnight.""That's"It's a veryverrareasonableexpensive."charge,"the dentist said. "I can't

The Improvement Era: possibly do it for anything less."

said, right,"Give "All a kindness? "but will do me you Mac the mission in here out useful is very splendid magazine This gas, the while I'm out unpocket and take money me of my tell our and to members glad field too only are and we

conscious."it. already those is to easiest sale have who friends about Our

inspiration the before, for they realize subscribed and instrucGARDENING NOTE are invaluable. covers those between are found tion which

for the which copy thank missionary I as you a Might plants distinguishing sure of I could be weeds. wish from

office. the mission receive month through each To we did learn?"you me How"I without. along I couldn't get it is something if they're out, "Pull weeds."they 'em and up again, come

Sincerely, Ivins Elder George Cannon. ONE IN A MILLION Mission. States Eastern

-$- "Dad, it says here that a certain man was a financial genius.

that does mean?"missionWhat Era. of the appreciative The truly ARE could he "That earn money faster than his family could

comparable in to its arrival a manner.. WEaries forward look it."spend

to letters from home. We... particularly enjoy the good

it contains. literature which of variety Church NAUTICALLY SPEAKING

for its continued progwishes of our kindest accept Kindly ress and development, even as it has done in the past. Sailor: "I guess I'm just a little pebble in your life."

Sincerely your brother, Girl Friend: "Well, if you feel that way about it, why don't

Kenneth R. Stevens, you try becoming a little boulder?"

President, Tahitian Mission.

-$- WEAR A HAT Lewiston, Utah that "I certainly right Performer: to object after going on Dr. Widtsoe: Dear

act."monkey Improvement to have fortune had The good been has my

it's right. Circus Master: think "You're IT an They may school, during all high through companion constant as a Era encore."with furnished college. It has me through and mission my

inspiration. information and valuable of deal a great appreciation for the NEW USE FOR ELECTRICITY to express this time at I write my

it opinion, because, Era, in my Improvement service of The Visitor: "Don't you find that a baby brightens up a home

series of the in printing value the apex of its has reached wonderfully?"

articles, "The Common Source of Religious Truth,"by Dr. Young Father: "I do. We have the electric light on most

Milton R. Hunter. of the night now."

The articles are written in an interesting and stimulating information. invaluable contain and manner, A DIFFERENCE

appreciation to such men as Dr. personal to express I wish

Hunter for their scholarly and inspirational contributions that Officer: "Hey, you! Didn't you see that stop light?"

I have been privileged to read. Culprit: "Yes, officer, but I must confess I didn't see you."

Sincerely yours, Glen L. Taggart. NOT JUST A HUNCH

ADVICE OF A WORD strange instinct that tells a woman she is Intuition—the

submitted by Contestwinning poem, Mrs. Joseph Stonehocker, right, is or not. whether she

Cherry Grove, Alberta, Canada, North Central States Mission phen choice of magazines comes to you, IN THE PINK

Take the Era. wWhen you desire the Church's view, Mrs. Gossip: "So your daughter is about to marry. Do

Take the Era. you really feel she is ready for the battle of life?"

When you require a thought or two, Mrs. Chatter: "She should be. She's been in four enWhen you would wish a vision new, gagements already."

Or need a testimony true, Take the Era. I NONE BETTER

And when it comes in with your mail, Professor: "John, name a collective noun."

Read the Era. John: "A vacuum cleaner."

In benefits of mind it cannot fail;

Read the Era. A BAD'BEGINNING

When carping doubts your views assail,

Or frothy fiction would prevail Two old settlers, confirmed bachelors, sat in the backwoods:

"I got is gossip your tale, Or useless *''."'

it,"with one of them('/*.cookery books once, but I could do nothing.Era. the Read

in it, fancy eh?"work "Too much

said ftp"o'Every one And when you've scanned its: pages o'er, "You them recipes began the same "

Send it on. way: 'Take a clean dish...'and that settled me.".

it's 'dooj"; an open someone To

it on. Send WHOSE ODDS?;'V:t!T

trials sore;.: having be They may

Their searching minds may need the more Teacher: "Donald, give nie'a sentence containing flipstore; treasure i pancy."gracious The.Era's

:::':: c.:.:.. it on. Send Donald: "Let's flip V see whether I pass Or flunk."

.&E.SAMUELSON

Looking for that Program?

Eastern cities go on Daylight for them an hour earlier than you have WHEN

Saving time (April 28) radio schedbeen tuning them in. There are, of course,

ules on all networks are revised. Out exceptions to this rule. KSL will make

here—where we continue on Standard frequent daily announcements of all

Time—programs generally are moved changes—so just keep tuned to 'The

ahead one hour. Voice of the West"and be certain of keeping in touch with all your old program

So, if you think you've misplaced your friends and the many new features planfavorite KSL or Columbia programs, listen ned for your summer listening enjoyment.

50,000 113 WATTS KILOCYCLES 4M

mtless. It waits for

ltu< vertakes us all, rich and poor alike. When it overtakes you, will your

affairs be in order? A life insurance program

will help you keep financially ready. See your

Beneficial representative today.