Get BONUS Education While Preparing

For the Future at a GREAT Church University

BALANCED EDUCATION - At BYU, a Church HIGH ACADEMIC STANDARDS - The doors of institution, students receive education of the BYU are open to all who can meet its academic mind, body, and spirit together in an ideal standards. These standards are high, but they

social climate. Church leaders speak every pay dividends in the long run, for BYU graduweek in devotional assembly, every student ates are in demand over the nation.

takes a class in religion, and a complete stake of 28 wards is active on campus. OUTSTANDING FACULTY - The BYU faculty

has been trained in a hundred universities

FRIENDLY DEMOCRATIC SPIRIT - Student acand colleges. The adequate staff means a

tivities at BYU are tremendously successful proper studentteacher ratio for more perbecause students are friendly, club and church sonal attention.

activities are open to all, counseling is available, and students reside in pleasant group FINEST FACILITIES - The beautiful new buildaccommodations. BYU has all the advantages ings at BYU provide finest living accommodaof a big university, yet all the attention and tions, classrooms, and further expansion is

friendliness of a small college. under way.

CLIP AND MAIL -Remember These Dates - TO:

Public Relations Department Freshman Orientation Sept. 1316

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Registration. Sept. 1819

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

NAME

ADDRESS........ CITY STATE. UNIVERSITY P RO VOUTAH

Every good eating occasion calls for Crackers & Cookies by Supreme Bakers

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Mirror, Mirror Among the items found in Egyptian tombs have been mirrors, combs, alabaster palettes for mixing face paints, cosmetic boxes, dishes, spoons, and jars for unguents, creams, and pomades. Women who could afford it

had placed in their tombs 7 different creams and two kinds of rouge.

Astronomical Clocks

It is now known that between For the right, light complement to725 A.D. and about 1370 A.D., when

the art seems to have been lost, that warm weather meals, serve thin the Chinese constructed and operand crisp Purity Supreme Saltines ated elaborate astronomical clocks with water power, regulated by an... so good with refreshing summer

escapement mechanism. It had soups and salads and your favorthat thepreviously thought been

ite snack cheese and fruit... inventedescapement mechanism was

in the western world around 1275? -****&>A.D. For your dessert and snacktime ***-"(k*.-

good -eating -pleasure, serve oldfashioned Supreme Oatmeal CookUnusual Diet ies, Sugar Cookies, Lemon Cookies

Dietary standbys in various parts and Sugar Tops...

of the world today include grasshoppers, crickets, beetles, caterpillars, They're featured at your grocer's moths, butterflies, termites, and now in the sparkling packagesmany other insects. The Japanese

have found boiled locust to taste with the Supreme diamond tradelike lobster and be more nutritious mark... stock up, next time you

than fish according to Dr. A. A.

Albanese. shop!

Light SUPREME Light is effective in influencing the direction of spore discharge in many fungi. SUPREME BAKERS

DENVER & SALT LAKE CITY

JULY 1961 473 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Improvement Mutualm OfficialQuorums,Associations,organ of the Priesthood Teachers, Music Ward

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for July 1961 Volume 64, Number 7

Church Features Editor's Page: The Government of the Church, President David O. McKay.... 486

Your Question: How Extensive Was the Scattering of Israel?

President Joseph Fielding Smith.......,. 488

Priesthood Meeting of the 131st General Conference

Elder Franklin D. Richards 505

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley 508

Elder Mark E. Petersen 510

President Henry D. Moyle 511 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

President David O. McKay. 520 Jon Anderson, art: 473, 552

art: Staff, Era 482, 542 Office, the Presiding Bishopric's Church On, Meeting "Sacrament 476; Moves The From

art: Dale Kilboum, 488 Responsibility,"Priesthood, Everybody's Reactivation Melchizedek the Priesthood 516; "What Is

art: Burton, 491 Dave

Bishopric's Presiding Program?"540. Page, 538;

art: H. Hales, Rulon 493

Special Features JeanTed Nagata,Lindorf, art:art: 500494

Censoring Joseph Smith's Story, Hugh Nihley 490 Werner502, 503,Wolf 504of the Black Star Agency:

Hebrew Idioms in the Small Plates of Nephi, E Craig Bramwell 496 BerniceLorin Wiggins:B. Perry:505513

The Three Hundred and Fiftieth Anniversary of the King James Version CharlesVirginia Nickerson,Sergeant, art:art: 540538

of the Bible, Sidney B. Sperry 498 H. Armstrong Roberts: 542

The Spirit of the Pageant, Patricia Middleton 502

THE ERA OF YOUTH Between pages 512 & 513 "Cathedral in the Pines,"S. Dilworth Young 513

"All Faces West"514 Fifty Years of Summer Camping 515

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 524, 526, 530

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 473; These Times: The New Africa, G. Homer

Durham, 482; Letters and Reports, 484.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock

Minute Meals, Hours of Leisure 542

Summer Suggestions 544 The Last Word 552

Stories, Poetry I Love this Land (Poem), Evelyn Tooley Hunt 493 THE COVER:

Strength to Lift a Feather Bed, Donna Poland Smart 494 The rich coloring of King Benjamin's

The Lost Is Found, John G. Kinnear 500 cloakpreColumbianand high lightsapparelof otheris captured on

Poetry 506, 507, 508, 509, 510, 511, 512, 516, 519, 520, 535, 544 ourof thecoverBlackby StarphotographerAgency. WernerThe Wolf

scene is from the i960 Mormon pageant in which the Nephite people hear an

of king, a character Book Mormon Street, Offices, Salt City, 11, 50 Main North Era Utah Lake Improvement The address from their righteous, Godfearing portrayed Holmes. Edgar by The

Editor; Editors; Editor; Zobell, Josephson, Evans, Green, L. Associate Albert Managing L. L. Marra Richard and Managing Doyle David O. McKay C Christ, pageant, America's Witness for

Editorial E. Patricia Judith Pinnock, Stephan, Editor; FamilyJr., Middleton, Florence Carter Grant, Today's Kinnear, Research G. John will for presented the twentythird be Associate Directors. Editor; Art Editor; Era Youth Elaine Cannon, Era of Youth The RalphAssociates; Editor; and Reynolds The Ed Maryon,B. Hanks, D. Marion

2, 3, year consecutive on August 4, 5,

S. Editors. Harris, Contributing Sidney Sperry. Nibley, B. Franklin Jr., Durham,of G. Archibald Hugh Homer F Bennett, in at Hill Palmyra, the 1961, Cumorah

Director; Associate Subscription Business F. Snapp, S. General Bentley, Manager; Manager; Scott, Verl General Reedep, A. Manager; Bertha Glen T. Joseph York. New Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, Thayer

Saints. All rights Latterday of Inc., Christ of the of Jesus Associations and Church published Funds, Copyright 1961 by Mutual Mutual Improvement by the

special issues. for reserved. except year, single copy, in advance; price subscriptions, foreign $3.00 a Subscription 50c in advance; S3.50 a year,

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of IV2C

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days'Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverbv DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i.

mOideratelyp nc& all to enjoy,I

Finest Recording Made on 33/3 rpm longplay hifidelity records Two of our finest voices read alternately, word for word, the entire text of THE BOOK OF MORMON. This living sound

presentation makes every scriptural passage vital and meaningful, offers a new depth of understanding to all listeners, young or mature. It's ideal for Family Night programs, for

Priesthood, classroom or group study, and individual listening. Use the coupon below and order now. IN LIVING SOUND

Only 50 records (unbreakable vinyl) in magnificent 2-volume album 4995 with Arnold Friberg's ten Terms as "Book of Mormon"paintings in low as full color. $5 down,

$5 a month

POPULAR POCKET EDITIONS

POCKET TRIPLE

COMBINATION Wonderful traveling companion containing Book of

Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price. Fits in pocket or

purse. (a) Black Leather 6.00

( b ) Deluxe edition in Genuine handgrained Morocco leather (black) 7.00 Produced'and distributed exclusively by (c) White Leather 6.75 DESERET BOOK COMPANY

POCKET COMBINATION Deseret Book Company

REFERENCE 44SaltEastLakeSouthCity, TempleUtah

Gentlemen: Eldin Ricks'comprehensive crossreference to all Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order latterday scriptures. Offers ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enreference immediate maclosed $ for set(s)

terial for teaching, studying, presenting the Reof "The Book of Mormon in Living Sound"(include stored Gospel. $1.60 postage plus sales tax); ( ) "Pocket Triple

Pocket Permoid Combination,"( ) Black Leather, ( ) Deluxe, (black) 1.25 ( ) White Leather; ( ) Combination Reference,

( ) Pocket Hymn Book.

Name POCKET HYMN BOOK Address

State City Zone...

all the Contains newest tax. Residents of Utah include 3% sales in found and latest hymns

the most recent edition of the regular LDS Hymn MP Mill Book. Includes instructions

for conducting. Compact,

pocket or purse size, you DeseretlSSBooh Co.

can take it everywhere.. 44 East South Temple-- Salt Lake City. Utah r.J

Black leather 3.95

2472 Washington Blvd.—Ogden

JULY 1961 475 The Church How to Moves On Save 20%

April 1961

Elder Lee H. Nelson, formerly first counselor to President on Finn B. Paulsen, succeeds him as president of Wilford (Utah)

Stake. President Paulsen has been called to preside in the

Brazilian South Mission. President Nelson's counselors are Elder

Merritt H. Egan, who served as a counselor to President Paulsen,

Bettilyon. Church and Elder Verden E.

Elder(OregonCalifornia)Ronald E. PhairStakewas sustainedsucceedingas Presidentpresident ofCarrollKlamathW.

Smith who was recently called as president of the Western Books Canadian Mission. President Phair's counselors are Elders Dennis

R. Hassell and Harold L. Catmull. Both President Phair and Elder

Hassell served as counselors to President Smith.

May 1961

Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve, began organizing new regions (consisting of two or more stakes) of the Church welfare plan—six new

regions in all. Today at Orlando, Florida, a region was organized to include Miami, Tampa, Orlando, and Florida stakes. He

then went to Philadelphia where on May 3, the New York,

New Jersey, Washington, and Philadelphia stakes were organized as a region. At Chicago, May 6, he organized Cincinnati, IndiFree catalogue anapolis, Detroit, and Chicago stakes as a region. On May 8, in

sent on request. Des Moines, he organized a region consisting of Winter Quarters,

Kansas City, St. Louis, and Minnesota stakes. In Dallas, May 9,

Clip and mail he organized Shreveport, Houston, Dallas, and San Antonio stakes as a region; and on May 10, at Denver, he organized Pikes Peak,

coupon now Denver, Denver West, and Cheyenne stakes as a region. When the

welfare plan was organized in 1936 there were fourteen regions;

while you're these six now bring the total to thirtyeight.

thinking Dr. Alexander Schreiner, one of the Salt Lake Tabernacle

about it! organists, began a series of organ recitals in the new

Hyde Park chapel of the Church in London. Dr. Schreiner

he will play Sunday, except daily concerts will when play twoor send name and address to: series is to last for one month. concert. expected His one

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

John E. Baird of Orem, Utah, presently coordinator of

BOOKS system, as educational for seminaries the Church Indian

P.O. Box 400

at Indian with headquarters Mission Southwest of the Salt City 10, Utah president Lake

Please send free catalogue of Church books. Gallup, New Mexico. He succeeds President Fred A. Turley who

No obligation, of course. has served since 1958 and whose home is in Snowflake, Arizona.

Elder Baird will be accompanied to this mission assignment by

NAME Mrs. Baird and by their sons Garth M. and John E. Another son,

Douglas F., is currently serving in the Southwest Indian Mission.

ADDRESS In October 1830 the Prophet Joseph Smith received a revelation (see D & C 32), relating to the (Continued on page 480)

CITY STATE.

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE ALONG S*r CARRYPAK - PAK by PERMA The Nutritious, Delicious Food

That's Light on Your Back

SCOUTS - EXPLORERS HIKERS - CAMPERS - RIVER RUNNERS

CARRY PAK is Especially for YOU!

LESS—Cost—Space—Weight

PERMAPAK'S MORE—Fun—Time—Freedom

FOOD STORAGE FEATURE FOR JULY - NO. 6 CARRYPAK bags contain lowmoisture or concentrated food

sufficient for FOUR GENEROUS SERVINGS each, in a wide 1 gal. Split Green Peas assortment of foods, neatly packaged in durable heatsealed,

polycello bags. The food is delicately seasoned, and recipes

3 No. 10 MultiPurpose are on each label. Just add water and follow the easy direcFood tions. "It's all in the bag."

CARRYPAKS $ 40W F.OB. Salt ranchers, too. ONLY Lake 7 are ideal for picnics, mobile trailer living,

Shipping weight, 25 lbs. Too heavy for parcel Write today for free literature and prices.

post to FirstClass Post Offices. Check with your

Postmaster. SPECIAL DISCOUNTS TO SCOUT TROOPS AND EXPLORER

POSTS.

A sensational NEW 8-DAY PERSONAL SURVIVAL KIT

(air) A VV (water) KARIKIT L ( lan d) by PERMAPAK

An "AWL"KARIKIT is a Must for "AWL"MEMBERS

OF YOUR FAMILY The "AWL"KARIKIT can be carried under "AWL"conditions:

Private or Commercial Airplanes Summer homes

Private cars Commercial carriers Trailer homes

Camp Trailers Boats Motorcycles

AWL KARIKIT In camping suppliesHome emergency For storesthe hunter or hiker

Just SE95 For orders or complete information send to:

Visit our retail store F.O.B. Salt Lake5City

3106 South Main, easycarry contentsPrice includes and extra - Salt Lake City, Utah steel Postage case.sealtighton mail orders. PERMA PAK Phone IN 7-9479

Shipping weight—10 lbs. Food Storage Specialists

JULY 1961 477 Lifetime Hospitalization NOW!

(paijA. yjoiL $100 U/neAfy. piom. OsAif JvuJL

NO WAITING PERIODS NO MEDICAL

in will time spend some people seven every out of does not drink, in One four who enter people over this 43,000 year. hospital Every day Total the Star offer the GoldTOweTHEare ONEpleasedAMERICANand proud toAbstainers Hospitalization Policy, which will pay you the hospital—32,000 of these for the first time! No one

$100 a week in cash, from your first day in the hospital, knows whose turn will be next, whether yours or mine.

and will continue paying as long as you are there, even But we do know that a fall on the stairs in your home, or for life! on the sidewalk, or some sudden illness, or operation

If you do not drink and are carrying ordinary hospitalcould put you in the hospital for weeks or months, and ization insurance, you are of course helping to pay for the could cost thousands of dollars.

accidents and hospital bills of those who do drink. AlHow would you pay for a long seige in the hospital

coholism is now our nation's #3 health problem, ranking with costly doctor bills, and expensive drugs and mediimmediately behind heart disease and cancer! Those who cines? Many folks lose their car, savings, even their home,

drink have reduced resistance to infection and are naturand are sunk hopelessly in debt for the rest of their lives.

ally sick more often and sick longer than those who do not We surely hope this won't happen to you. Remember,

tells you it is your turn to enter the hospidrink. Yet their insurance—UNTIL NOW—cost the once the doctor

tal, it's too late to buy coverage at any price.same as yours. NOW with the Gold Star Plan, your

rates are based on the SUPERIOR HEALTH RECORDS

It Easy!of NonDrinkers! Why should you help pay for the hosThe Gold Star Plan Makes

pitalization of those who ruin their health by drink? Gold With a Gold Star Total Abstainers Hospitalization Policy,

Star rewards you instead of penalizing you for not drinkyou would receive $100 per week (or $14.29 daily) in cash,

ing! as long as you remain in the hospital, if your hospital stay is

Now, for the first time, you can get the newest and most less than one week, you still collect at the rate of $14.29 per

modern type of hospitalization coverage at an unbelievday. Even if you are already covered by another policy, the

ably low rate because the Gold Star Policy is offered only Gold Star Plan will supplement that coverage, and will pay to nondrinkers. With this policy, you receive $100 a week you directly, in addition to your present policy.

in cash, from the first day and as long as you remain in This wonderful, generous protection costs only $4 a month the hospital! This money is paid to you in cash to be for each adult, age 19 through 64, or $40 for twelve full

used for rent, food, hospital or doctor bills—anything you months. For each child under 19, the rate is just $3 for a

wish. Your policy cannot be cancelled by the company month's protection. And for each adult of age 65 through 100,

no matter how long you remain in the hospital or how the premium is only $6 a month.

often you are sick. And the present low rate on your And, remember, with Gold Star, the NOLIMIT Hospital

policy can never be raised simply because you get old, or Plan, there is no limit on how long you can stay in the hospihave too many claims, but only in the event of a general tal, NO LIMIT on the number of times you can collect (and rate adjustment up or down for all policyholders! the Company can never cancel your policy), and no limit on

age!

Noted Leaders say—

w MoneyBack Guarantee

will salesman to policy home. your your mail No We'll Prize author: "I Pulitzer SINCLAIR, UPTON policy over. the read of privacy your the home, In own insurance the people of giving idea think your

it your lawyer, it carefully. checked your by Have call.Examine

their shortening not earn they by discount trusted advisor. which or doctor, some friends Make Christian your:: '

it does. it told exactly Then, I sure we've provides you what is brilliant one, a and alcohol lives am with

satisfied, if fully are not for whatsoever you reason any it."in counted on glad to be we'll cheerdays, just ten policy and your within back mail

fully refund your entire premium by return mail, with no questions asked. So, you see, you have everything to gain

JEROME HINES, leading bass with the Metroand nothing to lose!

politan Opera Company: "I have long been associated with Art DeMoss in Christian work. I

know few people with his driving and sincere in every of Christ gospel the desire to promote to Bank Reference: PEOPLES NATIONAL BANK is able to be a pleasure way. And now it

recommend this most excellent insurance plan GUARANTEE TRUST LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY for nondrinkers."Guarantee Trust has been operating since 1936 and is rated A+ Excellent (highest rating available) by Dunne's Insurance Reports, the

world's largest policyholder's reporting service. By special arrangement with DeMoss Associates, Inc., Guarantee Trust has underDR. DANIEL A. POLING, noted minister and written this Gold Star Total Abstainers Hospitalization Policy.

Editor of The Christian Herald: "The advantages of a hospital plan which is available to nonDE MOSS ASSOCIATES, INC.

drinkers only are obvious. The lower rate is VALLEY FORGE, PENNA.

paying are not you because possible made the AND AFFILIATES of accidents those who bills for the illnesses and use alcohol.""Special Protection for Special People"

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Coverage for NonDrinkers ONLY!!

EXAMINATIONS NO AGE LIMIT NO SALESMEN

For Proof of Service and Reliability,

Read These Letters: ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

Angeles, L. Armstrong, Los Calif.: check Maude "The came PAYS $2,000 cash for accidental death. today. loyal. indeed are very In Thanks so much. You my

first illness years for these are the 81 checks I have ever PAYS $2,000 cash for loss of one hand, one foot, sight of satisfied. or ever needed, than and drawn more Thank I am

you for your courtesy and promptness."one eye.

A. J. Pace, Lakeview, Texas: "I would like to express my

appreciation for the quick and friendly way you handled PAYS $6,000 cash for loss of both eyes, or both hands, or claim. highly the I would recommend De Moss my Assoboth feet.

ciates as the best sickness accident insurance and I know.

Thanks again for everything."PAYS double the above amounts (up to $12,000) for specified

Miss Helen Griggs, Ceris, Calif.: "Thank you very much

for the check which I received for my recent surgery and travel accidents!

twelve days in the hospital. I think your Gold Star Policy

is a very fine one and have recommended it to several of my friends. Thank you again."

Mae Allen, Beliefonte, Penna.: "Thank you for the most welcome check and especially for your friendly wishes for RUSH COUPON NOW!

my speedy recovery. An important factor in recovery from TO ASSURE YOUR PROTECTION

any condition involving the heart, of course, is freedom from worry. A great help towards that necessary ingredient APPLICATION TO 593 0761

for speedy recovery has been the prompt, courteous, businesslike service which it has been my pleasure to receive as I Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Company a member of the Gold Star family. Thank you again for I My name is.

the true service which you at De Moss Associates extend to all your policyholders."I Street or RD # CHECK THESE REMARKABLE FEATURES: City.State.

of Birth: Month. Day..Year. Full Date renewable Guaranteed coverage! Immediate y V

(Only into cancel) benefits effect can go YOU is occupation My in lawfully the any of Good opyour noon day V is beneficiary My erating hospital policy is issued. anywhere

in the world! family listed below: also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my limit the on number No

in to addition Pays any BENEFICIARY DATE Of BIRTH AGE RELATIONSHIP collect. times \J of can you

hospital V other insurance in Pays whether are you \f I. carry. you may

for hospital the only a All directly benefits paid 2. for or or two, V day many

in to cash! you

months, weeks, or even 3. All sent claim are checks

years! V out Special Airmail De- 4.

fees or enrollNo policy livery. or Have listed any by either you disabled illness been above member or accident you have Y

fees! ment they or had or advice or medical or treatment surgical a advised"or to have you been health examination No

in five V last operation the years? Yes No haveD - Dthey necessary. unconditional Ten day

If so, details stating give date, physician cause, and name address and of attending whether limit. guarantee! -\f moneyback No age fully recovered V

ONLY CONDITIONS NOT COVERED

or hospitaliact conditions; preexisting Pregnancy; of war; any

or zation the use of alcoholic beverages caused by narcotics. I hereby certify that neither I nor any member above listed uses alcoholicGen.beveragesApp. 10104and I

Everything else IS coveredl hereby apply for a policy based on the understanding that the policy applied for does not cover conditions originating prior to the date of insurance, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the foregoing questions.

I a*. Spwd:

I \f rou PAY....>.JF l,.i.,.W you....M.*AYM,>.

the am enclosing VtsAftiT MONTHLY HERE specified amountI on HERE'S ALL YOU DO:\

odult Each age left for the per* each ARE

i Fill } 9-64 application at right. poys out *40. I to son covered, be \ adult Each THE age the understandin Enclose with an envelope 65100 pays I ing that return can 6. SO. with LOW 1 first payment. policy within my child Each age I oe your

I **&% if not days under comand pays am 1 ife8 to Associates, Mail DeMoss iiGOLD satisfied pletely with entire it, and my will |0 1C be Valley Forge, Pa. *j STAR!&*- premium

YOU WILL RECEIVE YOUR GOLD STAR POLICY RATES promptly refunded. *M7v PROMPTLY BY MAIL. NO SALESMAN WILL CALL wwK FORGE

[;M|r T) EJi sis$jLE 5?

JULY 1961 479 Church Moves On (Continued from page 476) preaching of the gospel to the Lamanites or Indians. The missionary Make

work to the red man has been greatly accelerated since the end of World War II.More

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Mark E. Anderson of Inglewood, California, as president of

the Finnish Mission, succeeding President John D. Warner

who has served since 1958 and will return to his home in Cedar City,by Moneymoving your Utah. President Anderson moved to southern California earlier this

is Savings to Southern ayearnativefromofSaltPocatello,Lake City.Idaho.He hasTo filledthis missiona missionassignmentto Finlandwillandgo

California Mrs. Anderson and their two small sons. Although Finland was

occasionally visited by missionaries, missionary effort really began after World War II when the Finnish Mission was organized.

Pjl President David O. McKay announced the appointment of

Elders Horace P. Beesley and G. Eugene England as counselors to President EIRay L. Christiansen of the Salt Lake

Temple. They succeed Elders Raymond H. Clayton and John

B. Hawkes.

Special commemorative Sacrament meeting programs throughout the Church marked the restoration anniversary of the Aaronic Priesthood. As of December 31, 1960 there

were 219,271 men and boys holding the Aaronic Priesthood.

Sunday Schools honored mothers today, joining in what has long become a tradition of the United States.

FREE BOOKLET...

Money Make "How to First of Presidency announced the appointment Elder

Savings to Southern California"The Your Moving to fill Reiser a special assignment under in Europe A. Hamer

Trans -World Savings, strategicallythe direction of President Nathan Eldon Tanner of the West located in the dynamic heartland of European Mission. Elder Reiser is to set up a center which will

thriving Southern California, supplies distribute books and other Church literature and publish some the booming demand for home loans inexpensive editions of basic Church books. The center will also

disin our nation's leading construction have responsibility for distributing LDS garments. The new

tributing center will serve the four missions and the four stakes market. Start making More Money in Great Britain, and likely expand its services to other parts of

on your insured savings by air mailthe British Empire, including Australia, New Zealand, and Canada.

ing your funds to TransWorld SavFor many years in the midnineteenth century, much of the Church ings today. Receive your passbook publishing was done in England.

by return air mail.

Interest compounded quarterly Savings The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder accounts insured to $10,000 by the FedAra O. Call of Appleton, Wisconsin, as president of the

eral Savings and Loan Insurance CorporNorthern Mexican Mission, succeeding President Israel I. Bentley.

ation Savings postmarked by the lOth of President Call, at this appointment, is a member of the Northern 1st of from earnthe the the month month States Mission high a former board and councilman of Juarez

Resources over in 1927 Founded Stake. President $17 (Mexico) Call Both in the and Mrs. were born

paidmillion Airmail ways. both postage

LDS colonies of Mexico. She and their two youngest children

FREE GIFT... will accompany Elder Call on this mission. Missionaries were

For Opening A New Savings Account first called to Mexico at the October general conference in 1875.

Of $1,000 Or More.

Silver Sterling Holders The First Presidency announced the creation of a new Berlin Candlestick

Or Mission, the sixtythird mission now functioning. It is taken

8 Crystal Tumblers from the North German Mission. President Percy K. Fetzer

Monogrammed In 23-K Gold of the North German Mission will preside in the Berlin Mission.

(Please Specify Gift) The First Presidency announced that Elder Howard C. Maycock, a member of the Springville (Utah) Stake presidency, had

been called as president of the North German Mission, succeeding

President Percy K. Fetzer. President Maycock, formerly stake

AIR MAIL FUNDS TO: mission president in Kolob (Utah) Stake, has held various ward

and stake positions and is a former bishop of Springville First

Ward. He has been second counselor in the presidency of SpringTRANS-WORLD ville Stake since 1956. Accompanying him on this mission will

"married in June.SAVINGSk/lXf J.ll\JkJ ASSOCIATION be Mrs. Maycock and their two sons. Their daughter will be

521 North Euclid Avemie, Ontario lOj Calif.

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Step out front with the DISTANCE brand...

the brandam* POWER

CONOCO

the Hottest Brand Going!

Hottest line of products... backed by hottest advertising!

Conoco offers you products with benefits your Conoco really believes in advertising. Now customcustomers want! Conoco Premium Gasoline has ers will see big, colorful Conoco ads in LIFE, Look,

TCP* plus.. Ao give cars up to 17 more miles per Saturday Evening Post, and newspapers throughout

tankful, up to 15% more power! Conoco allseason Conocoland. They'll see and hear Conoco adverSuper Motor Oil is fortified with an exclusive distising on Television and Radio...telling them why

covery that oilplates engines, protects them 24 hours Conoco is the distance brand...the power brand...

a day. Good reasons to switch to Conoco! the hottest brand going!

*TM and pat, owned by Shell Oil Co.

JULY 1961 481 THESE TIMES

quality

copper printing plates color process or black & white The New Africa BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

The genius of British political insti- (French), French Somaliland, Spantutions, this time in the new Africa, ish West Africa, and Spanish Guinea.

territory loss role a decisive again playing of the vast the in With

I RICHMOND 92396 isCALL COLLECT lsS5f \Jlmm history. the of the Portuhad Congo, Belgium world Although by 1961 R@SE ENGRAVING COMPANY

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif. guese is the oldest European power been reduced to the remaining area

in Africa, in 1961 the British still of the RnandaUrundi, actually a sustained ten colonial territories of Belgian trust territory related to the more advanced forms of political life trusteeship council of the United in that vast continent. They were Nations. For the rest, the new

Gambia, Sierra Leone, Uganda, Africa consists of five states, indeKenya, Tanganyika, the Federation of pendent sometime in the recent past,

Rhodesia and Nyasaland, Bechuanaplus twentytwo new states that land, Basutoland, Swaziland, and have gained independence since

British Cameroons. None of these January 1, 1956.

may strictly be called "colonies"in The present division of Africa—

the derogatory sense that the word fortysix political areas—into twentycolonialism has come to be used, seven independent states and nineprincipally by the communists in reteen territories held by five European

cent years. Rather, they form a powers, constitutes one of the siggroup of largely selfgoverning terrinificant facts of current history.

tories and nations, varying in Here is a rich continent divided strength and political maturity. After into fortysix territorial units. Ten

World War II it became commonof the nineteen territories held by place to say that the British lifeline European nations are British. This

no longer ran through the Mediteris the most revealing fact in the situranean, but "lies across Africa via ation, despite sinister threats from air. Russia and the outside. Were Africa

Africa is the scene of struggle. to be organized as a single political

New nations are emerging from old unit, as much of Asia is under China, peoples heretofore organized in or as much of Eurasia is under tribal form. Hindu merchants from Russia, or as much of North America

India occupy a significant place in is under Canada and the United the economies of many parts of the States—well, the story would be

STUDY HOME different. this at continent. Portugal, writing, quite

Brigham Young

: territories University retained three Divide Portuguese et empefa is an old forProvo. Utah

Please tend, without cost, a Home Study catalog Guinea, Angola, and Mozambique. mula: "Divide and rule."Following

to Spanish and French territories have the American Revolution in 1776,

Name been reduced to two each: Algeria (Continued on page 5-36)

Address

City State

482 THE IMPROVEMENT EUA the big book of the

N *.

AntiMormon literature, derogatory claims against the prophet Joseph Smith, and damning stories circulated by "Mormon haters"are investigated and analyzed in this intriguing and scholarly $ work. Years of research

and preparation have re* suited in a very frank, fastmoving historical volume that pulls no punches.

Explodes as myths the most frequently heard charges.

A must for missionaries and all who would be well informed. $3.50

BOOK CRAFT 7 61 j 118* South Main, Salt lake City, Utah, oKQ Please send "The Myth Makers"for which I j

$.,.., enclose

in j'check { ) or money order { ).

State.

JULY 1961 483 Letters and Reports

"VERNON LAW DAY"ATHLETE IN DENVER WITH DUTY TO GOD Pictured [left] is Elder Vernon Law, AWARD

Pittsburgh Pirate pitcher, signing autographs for Aaronic Priesthood members of

Denver, Denver West, Pikes Peak, and

San Luis stakes. Elder Law was the honored guest at the "Vernon Law"day

celebration held for the Aaronic Priesthood of the four stakes, Saturday, April 8th.

in the an exhibition Following game

Pictured is Gordon Jex of the Santa over in Denver, Beaver Stadium 500

Aaronic Priesthood boys and leaders enMonica Ward, Santa Monica (California) joyed a barbeque and an address from Stake. While at the Santa Monica High

Elder Law. At the close of his address, School, Gordon served as commissioner

those assembled were privileged to listen of boys'athletics and played football and also to a dircetwire broadcast of the baseball on the first string varsity team.

priesthood session of the April genera] He was chosen to play on the All Bay conference. League football team.

Gordon's record in Church activity is equally admirable. He has received his

Duty to God award and has received six

Aaronic Priesthood awards with 100% seals on each.

Dear Editors:

I like your magazine very well. The

I section enjoyed the best reading have of I like the Youth. the Era was Era ATTENDS

of Youth because it deals with myself. ALLSTATE

The whole magazine gives me truths to CHOIR

IN APPRECIATION live by and ideals that I would like to FESTIVAL

May 26, 1961 grow into.

Dear Editors: Sincerely yours,

Last Christmas my wife gave me a subTerry Nelson scription to The Improvement Era as a gift and I have never received a more thoughtful and inspirational gift in my Bakersfield, California life.

I have been especially interested in the Dear Editors: Pictured above is Anne Sorenson, a

recent articles on the priesthood and the I do not want to miss a single issue. I Laurel of Shreveport Ward, Shreveport

understanding I receive from these articles think the Era of Youth is just what we (Louisiana) Stake, who recently was cannot be measured in words. need. In fact, each and every article is named the only alto to represent the BosThanking you very much and may our so uplifting that I couldn't say which one sier High School Choir in the AllState

Eternal Father bless each and every one I like the best. Choir Festival at Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

of you for your efforts in making The God bless each and everyone responsible She also represented the Shreveport Stake

Improvement Era such a wonderful infor such a gratifying magazine. in the AllChurch Music Festival in Salt

spirational and informative magazine. Lake City, June 1960. Anne is the music

'Sincerely, Yours for further success, leader in her ward and is ward Sunday

Charles L. Collins Fern Intchausfe School chorister.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A tree

is for me...

and everyone

else

We come across many a young fellow like this... in our job of

exploring and drilling for oil.

As a visitor in the forest, Standard has a responsibility to protect wildlife and keep the wilderness fresh and green. And we accomplish

this in several ways by working closely with fish and game and wildlife officials.

We steer around the feeding grounds, using softtired vehicles to preserve the natural ground cover. When wells are in, we

assure new growth by reseeding grassland and planting young trees on the work area.

Water wells, essential to our drilling operations, also nourish thirsty plants and animals...

and nesting and breeding ponds are built for wild fowl.

Exploring teams in helicopters keep sharp watch for fires, and on the ground our men with bulldozers and water trucks stand ready to help when fire strikes.

Wherever Standard taps new oil reserves to serve the nation—the

forest and the animals who live there are protected.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JULY 1961 485...Jffl:'i/asu uasiJ HilD GenU

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

The Government

We are often asked about the government of the Church. Here is one answer:

A careful analysis of the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints reveals the fact that it embodies all the strength of a strong central government and every

virtue and necessary safeguard of a democracy.

First, it has the authority of priesthood without the vice of priestcraft, every worthy man being entitled to a place in the governing quorums.

Second, it offers a system of education, universal and free in its application, the safety valve, and the very heart and strength of a true, democracy.

Third, it offers a judicial system that extends justice and equal privileges to all alike, applicable to the poor and the rich.

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY PRESIDENT

DAVID O.McKAYof the Church

Fourth, in its ecclesiastical groupings, efficiency and progress are enhanced because every local group attends to its own affairs, and yet each is so closely united with the central government that every mode of procedure proved useful and beneficial to the people can be adopted

without delay for the good of the entire group.

Truly, from the standpoint of enhancing efficiency and progress the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has that form of government for which the nations today are seeking.

Is it not significant that a young man only twentyfour years of age, unlearned in regards to social systems of his age or of any age, should have been able to have formed such a government for the Church? The answer is what Joseph Smith said he was: a prophet of God, so

schooled to reveal anew the workings of the organization of the restored Church.

JULY 1961 487 YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY

PRESIDENT

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

-18 i - y*0Vji!i

I gS$ w k

V -i '

m

, HOW EXTENSIVE WAS THE

,v

%*0i i / / jC

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA QUESTION: thy seed after thee, that in their hands they shall

"My companion and I were discussing the lineage bear this ministry and Priesthood unto all nations;

of the Israelites. I am a full blood Chinese, and have "And I will bless them through thy name; for as

thought much of my lineage as mentioned in my many as receive this Gospel shall be called after thy patriarchal blessing. When I told my companion that name, and shall be accounted thy seed, and shall

my blessing said 'You are of the lineage of Abraham, rise up and bless thee, as their father;

Isaac, Jacob, and Ephraim,'he commented that I "And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse must not be pure Chinese. Since he has made such them that curse thee; and in thee (that is, in thy

a statement, I have thought much about what is Priesthood) and in thy seed (that is, the Priesthood), mentioned in the blessing. I will be grateful if you for I give unto thee a promise that this right shall

will inform me as to the relationship between races: continue in thee, and in thy seed after thee (that is to

Chinese, French, German, and others. I am particusay, the literal seed, or the seed of the body) shall all

larly interested in this because I interpret the lineage the families of the earth be blessed, even with the literally and not as an adoption."blessing of the Gospel, which are the blessings of

salvation, even of life eternal."(Abraham 2:8-11.)

ANSWER: When Israel entered the promised land, the Lord

gave them strict commandment that they should serve

Evidently the patriarch had the right interpretation. him and keep his commandments. If they would

The great mission that was given to Abraham was obey, they were to be greatly blessed and prospered that he would be a blessing to the generations coming in the land the Lord had given to them. If they

after him, and through him all nations would be should reject his commandments and turn to evil, blessed. In Genesis we find the following: he would punish them and take them out of the land,

"And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will and scatter them to all parts of the earth, where they bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt would serve other gods, "which neither thou nor

be a blessing: thy fathers have known, even wood and stone."

"And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse (Deut. 28:64.)

him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families All of this was to come on Israel as a punishment

of the earth be blessed."(Gen. 12:1-2.) for their wickedness. However, the Lord never punAgain the Lord said: ishes his people without turning that punishment into

"... Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which some blessing in the end. The scattering of Israel

I do; became a blessing to the gentile peoples among

"Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great whom they were dispersed, for the Israelites mixed and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth with the people thus bringing the Gentiles into the shall be blessed in him."{Ibid., 18:1718.) benefits of the blessings that had been promised to

This wonderful promise is made in more detail in Abraham and his seed after him.

Nearly all of the Latterday Saints are of gentile ancestry as well as being of the house of Israel. In the days of ourSCATTERING OF ISRAEL? Savior's ministry, he went only

to the Israelites in Palestine, the writings of Abraham as we find them in the Pearl and when he sent his disciples out in the beginning, of Great. Price: he commanded them not to go to the gentiles but

"My name is Jehovah, and I know the end from confine their labors to the Israelites in Palestine, and the beginning; therefore my hand shall be over thee. they obeyed this commandment. We are all familiar

"And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will with the difficulty Peter had accepting the pleadings bless thee above measure, and make thy name great of Cornelius to come into the Church, and in the first among all nations, and thou shalt be a blessing unto few years the preaching ( Continued on page 534

JULY 1961 489 CENSORING THE JOS Part I

The Problem: Illinois after giving a very garbled version of the first

t—book.: Joseph Smith's "official"account of his story commented: "Whether the above reflections

MORMON first vision and the visits of the angel passed through the mind of a lad of fifteen, uneduMoroni was written in 1838 and first cated, and exhibiting, as yet, no evidence of precocious published in the Times and Seasons in genius; or whether they are reflections of maturer

1842. Since the writing took place from eleven to life, or the emanations of older and brighter intellects

eighteen years after the events described, antiMormon than his own, our readers will judge for themselves."4

writers were quick to exploit the timelag as a welcome It was literary intuition that convinced the eminent chink in the Mormon armor. "Why,"they asked, "did W. J. Conybeare, writing in the Edinburgh Review in

Smith wait so long to make his official statement?"1854, that Joseph Smith's report that he was comAnd they insisted that the only possible answer was manded to join no church and told "that all existing

that the stories of the first vision and the golden Christian sects were in error... was no doubt an

plates were invented in retrospect—they were pure afterthought. At the time, he probably only profabrications. claimed that his 'deliverance from the enemy'had

In 1842 J. B. Turner declared that the story of been effected by a supernatural appearance."5 And

Moroni was a product of the year 1834, "when the why was it "no doubt"an afterthought? And by

history was first interlarded with prophetic declarawhat authority does Conybeare put the words of tions of the angel, which had already been fulfilled, "deliverance from the enemy"in quotation marks, the whole story new vamped, stereotyped, and given to as if they were the actual words of Joseph Smith, the world for the edification of the Saints, in the which they are not? The same writer assures

columns of the Messenger and Advocate."1 John C. us, speaking of the Book of Mormon: "... at first he

Bennett took up the cry, citing as proof a report of only claims to have miraculously discovered a sacred one of Joseph Smith's former neighbors to the effect record, but does not himself pretend to inspiration."

that in the years before the publication of the Book of The proof of this he finds in sections 13, 14, and 9 of

Mormon, Joseph Smith, Senior, had said nothing to the Doctrine and Covenants: since these passages

him about its being a religious book—"He gave me no refer to future revelation, Conybeare assumes that

intimation at that time that the book was to be of a there cannot have been any earlier revelations religious character, or that it had anything to do with before them. 6

revelation. He declared it to be a speculation."2 In To prove that Joseph Smith was guilty of "changing

the following years Henry Caswall, following Turner, his story about his alleged golden plates... as a

declared the story of the first vision to be a "blasphemeans of making him a prophet,"the muchquoted mous tale substituted for the former inventions of the Mr. Linn produced a letter received by James T.

same description,"the former inventions being "variCobb of Salt Lake City "under the date of April 23, ous and contradictory stories respecting the angel and 1879, from Hiel and Joseph Lewis, sons of the Reverthe gold plates, the narrative being altered to suit end Nathaniel Lewis, of Harmony, Pennsylvania, and successive exigencies."3 relatives of Joseph's fatherin-law, in which they gave

Invariably these reports turn out upon examination the story of the finding of the plates as told in their to be not the declarations of Joseph Smith or his folhearing by Joseph to their father, when he was translowers at all, but remarks attributed to them at second lating them. This statement, in effect, was that he

and third hand by former neighbors; "various and dreamed of an iron box containing gold plates...

contradictory"they certainly are, but the contradic- 'he saw a man standing over the spot who, to him, tions are among the statements made by the "witappeared like a Spaniard....'(He then narrated how

nesses"and not by the accused. he got the box in company with Emma.) 'In all this

But critics love to speculate. In 1844 a History of narrative there was not one word about visions of God,

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY HUGH NIBLEYEPH SMITH STORY

or of angels, or heavenly revelations; all his informathe Prophet actually asked him "whether he shoujd

tion was about that dream and the bleeding ghost. proceed to translate the Book of Plates... or not,"

The heavenly visions and messages of angels, etc., explaining that "God had commanded him to translate

contained in the Mormon books were afterthoughts, it, but that he was afraid of the people."8

revised to order.'"7 The learned Linn makes no effort Since Joseph proceeded with the translation, Mr.

whatever to test the reliability of this report, reaching Lewis must have advised him to do so. Or did he?

him as it does at thirdhand from parties who claimed Did Joseph Smith having God's instructions, as he that it is "in effect"the memory of a dream that they thought, really ask his hostile neighbor what to do?

overheard Joseph Smith telling to somebody else more Though it is Lewis's purpose in writing this document than fifty years before; he accepts it without question to discredit the Book of Mormon, he knows nothing of

as the one true and authentic account of the origin of that damning Spanish dream story which was supthe Book of Mormon. posedly addressed to him and overheard by his two

A very little research would have shown Mr. Linn sons, who suddenly remembered it fifty years later.

that his Reverend Nathaniel Lewis is none other than The Lewis boys insist that "there was not one word

Elder Nathaniel C. Lewis who in 1833 swore an about visions of God or angels,"etc., in Joseph's story

affidavit that he knew Joseph Smith to be "a liar and at the time "when he was translating."Yet their

an impostor,"though he admits that his behavior was father's own story, written fortysix years earlier, is unobjectionable. He rests his case on Joseph Smith's that at that time or earlier—when Joseph was still

connection with the Book of Mormon, claiming that hesitating as to "whether he should proceed to

"To remove the religious parts of the Book of Mormon would be equivalent to removing the rice from rice pudding."

JULY 1961 491 translate or not,"he not only claimed to have the after the memorable event."13

plates, but also insisted that God had commanded him Characteristically, Mrs. Brodie labors to stretch the

to translate themAll this simply confirms what the gap to its maximum width. We intend to show here

Prophet himself says in the preface to the first edition that the gap is really a very narrow one and can be of the Book of Mormon, namely, that there actually quite easily explained. But first let us consider the

were all kinds of wild stories circulating about the as common argument that the existence of earlier and yet unpublished book. widely differing accounts of Smith's youthful doings

According to D.H.C. Bartlett, writing in 1911, the is proof in itself that his own story is a late fabrica-

"account of the origin of the Book of Mormon accepted tion, the earlier tales being nearer the truth, no by orthodox Mormons... written by Smith, under matter how wildly they conflict.

the inspiration of Rigdon, some eleven years later "Owing to the many reports which have been put when in Nauvoo, was clearly an afterthought."What in circulation by evildisposed and designing persons,"

makes this so clear is again the Lewis letter, showing Joseph Smith begins his story, "... I have been inthat "Smith at that time had no thought of God, duced to write this history."14 Since the very purangels, or divine revelations. He was simply a magical pose of publishing this account is to refute a great

dreamer, beholding the ghost of a murdered number of stories already in circulation, it is comical

Spaniard."9 "It is well for us to remember,"writes to see the zeal with which antiMormon writers

the Rev. John Quincy Adams in 1916, "that the story pounce upon every faintest indication that such stories

of these experiences and of the discovery [of the did exist as a refutation of Joseph and absolute proof

Book of Mormon] was not written before 1838, when that his story, since it came later, must have been an it was prepared under the direction of Sidney Rigdon, afterthought.

or by him. Others say positively that the story was But the usual object of official statements is to correvised from time to time, always gaining in its rect already prevailing errors. It was for that reason

miraculous and mysterious character."10 Never mind that Luke undertook the writing of his gospel: Because

who the "others"were—they were positive. "We "... many have taken in hand to set forth... those

cannot trust his narrative,"J. H. Snowden wrote of things... which they who were eyewitnesses from

the Prophet in 1926, "especially as his history of himthe beginning handed down to us, I have thought it self was written in 1838, eighteen years after the first proper, knowing what really happened from the first, vision, during which interval he had plenty of both to write you an accurate and full account in chrontime and reasons for letting his imagination elaborate ological order, my good friend Theophilus,..."

and embellish if not invent his story."11 (Luke 1:1-4.) [Author's translation.] Luke wants to

Finally Mrs. Brodie, the present ranking authority set the record straight once and for all; his is not the

on the subject, accepts the old theory that the Book first story to be told, but that does not mean that it is of Mormon as originally conceived was "merely an borrowed from earlier tales. Nor does the mere fact

ingenious speculation,"a mere "moneymaking history that an official account is published at a given time of the Indians,"(who, incidentally, are never menprove that it was invented at that time. Note further

tioned in the Book of Mormon), in the production of that the stories which Luke intends to supersede are which "no divine interpretation was dreamed of."12 not necessarily antiChristian stories (though many

As to the first vision, according to the same author, such were in circulation), but tales told by believers there is in all Mormon and antiMormon writings of with the best intention in the world.

every kind and type not so much as a hint of it before The devoted followers of religious leaders are not the year 1840: noted for restraint and objectivity in the things they

"... between 1820 and 1840 Joseph's friends were tell about their adored leaders; and the least reliable

writing long panegyrics; his enemies were defaming class of all are former believers who have turned

him in an unceasing stream of affidavits and pamagainst a leader. The only authority for what John

phlets... but no one in this long period even intimated says is John, and the only acceptable authority for

that he had heard the story of the two gods. At least Joseph Smith's story is Joseph Smith, not the Whitno such intimation has survived in print or manumers or Willard Chase or Pomeroy Tucker. Some

script.... Joseph's own description of the first critics, for example, seem to think that if they can

vision was not published until 1842, twentytwo years show that a friend or (Continued on page 522)

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ILove This Land BY EVELYN TOOLEY HUNT SKETCHES BY RULON R. HALES

I love this land... from waters edge

To saltgray marsh, and the grass between,

With sea and sand and itinerant breezes;

The cormorant perched on his rocky ledge

And the great bald eagle patrolling the sedge

Where the last late fish hawk may be seen.

I love this land... the frozen field

Where snow has quilted the sleeping earth,

But the murmur of melting never ceases.

Here, after winter begins to yield,

A garland of promise will be revealed

In hedgerows marking the meadow's girth.

I love this land... the golden plain

Where science and sinew together keep

The dream alive, as earth releases

Its reservoirs of yesterday's rain

To farmers planting perennial grain;

And the seeds of tomorrow are rooted deep.

I love this land... whose purple hills

Rise above vineyards heavy with sun,

Where finches strut on wire trapezes

And sing to yellow daffodils,

While spring's reluctant bounty fills

The crates of summer, one by one.

I love this land... where pioneers

Pursued success "through bolts and bars"

And faith's investment still increases

In everwidening frontiers, As men walk Godward through the years,

Whose sky is bright with eternal stars.

JULY 1961 493 She rubbed sight which her husband Christian and she had her fingertips looked upon.STRENGTH hard against The screaming silence of the dead woman and the

her eyelids as if dead fire had provoked a quiet, though penetratingTO LIFT A to erase the order from Kristen to "get inside the flaps and fold sickening scene the night's bedding."Recognizing the urgency of theirFEATHERBED from her vision. mother's voice, the children responded quickly.

Again a shudChristian, also, understood her warning and alarm. ReBY DONNA TOLAND SMART der played over luctantly, for he would have liked to stop and give

her muscles as the woman a decent burial, he cracked his whip with the deep recesses of her mind recalled the gaze of a "Haw,"and the lone covered wagon pulled away the deathfrozen eyes of the unknown woman whose from the horrid scene. Nevada wind and sun alone

body hung near the charred remains of the old Pony must cope with this blot on its desert horizon.

Express station. What manner of creatures could They had traveled hard. Reese River, though three

treat the human body as an animal and then leave it days behind them in time, was perhaps only fifty to hanging, mute warning to others on the trail? sixty miles away. The wagon was loaded with all

"Kristen Anderson,"she said to herself, lips moving they owned in the world, and the overburdened though no sound issued from them. "You must get a horses could only plod toward their destination.

grip on yourself. The children are restless and bored Christian desired financial independence quickly.

enough without your fears working on them, too."He felt that a mining community, one also on the

Disgruntled noises from the three route to California, would provide fast children whined above the steady opportunities for making money. It

clopclop of the horses'hoofs had. Their amusement hall had

Even the squeaking wagon provided muchneeded relaxwheels, as they rumbled ation for weary miners, over the parched, crackand they had acquired ing ruts of the road, considerable money.

sounded peaceful by Now they were contrast with the highmoving back to pitched argumentative Utah to rejoin voices. the Saints.

For once, the din of her children's disagreements calmed

Kristen's nerves, for it meant that none of them had really seen the gruesome

numbly she! watched the

No doubt a little, secluded settlement like Hyrum "Your father says that we will stop soon and find would be more pleasant than the arid wastelands of water, Mary. And Niels, I'm sure that you will be

Nevada for rearing three lively children. But, she anxious to drink with the rest of us. Try to be patient

wondered, could Christian turn to farming with suc- a little longer."

cess when his only other training was that of a cooper? At times these two younger children played well

Oh, of course he can, she thought. He can do and happily together. More often, they did not.

anything he sets his mind to do. Niels did not yet appreciate the feminine personality.

But she wished her doubts and fears, her too freThree years younger than her brother, Mary requent longings for her native home land would not sponded even to his scowls with tears. Then Niels

torture her mind and so envelop her spirits. If only would ridicule and tease her more, causing rather

she could be weak and confess her doubts to Chris; steady deluges of tears and unhappiness.

if she could let out the tears of homesickness on his "Father, let me drive a way. I'm old enough to

broader shoulder; if she could keep alive her memories drive more than you let me."Andrew always wanted

of home by telling her children, then too young to to be doing something. He was restless, desiring

remember, of all they had left behind.... If only.... constant activity and excitement.

Instead, turning her face toward her silent husWordlessly, Christian moved, and his son took his band, she noticed again the set of his jaw, the steel place, gathered up the lines, and shook them at the in his gray eyes, and merely said, "How much longer team. Tired though the horses were, they jerked

can we do without water?"ahead at the touch of new hands on their reins.

"When we find a likely looking spot, we'll stop for Mary and Niels wore pouting faces as their parents the night, and Andy and I'll hunt some,"he answered, silently, prayerfully, scanned the landscape ahead.

his eyes fixed ahead. At last Christian spotted what looked like a deserted

Glancing back, Kristen saw the head and shoulders campsite, which meant water must be near. It was

of her eldest child emerge from the wagon flaps. good that they could stop now. The children were

Even at twelve he looked like a copy of his father—becoming crosser, more complaining—irritated with

except that he would be a taller man, with bluer the jostling, pitching wagon.

eyes. It seemed to his mother that the blue waters "Mother, Niels took my doll!"

washing Danish shores were captured in small wells "Oh, I did not. Look behind you. Fer hevins

in his eyes. There, at times, she gazed to find strange sake, watch where you're falling. Do ya think I'm

comfort, almost as she had used to do, walking beside a pillow er sumpin'?"

the sea. "I couldn't help it. This old wagon is so jiggly.

"Mother, we're thirsty,"Mary, aged eight, whined at Ow! Mother, Niels pulled my hair."

the heels of her older brother. "All day you've been "Do ya call those dusty tangles hair? Looks more

saying later we can have water. Later. Later. I'm like straw! Dirty straw, at that. Mary is a strawthirsty now."Her eyes filled with tears. head! Mary is a strawhead! Ha! Ha! Ha!"

"I'm thirsty right now,"Niels, second child, "All right, that's enough."Christian's voice was

mimicked, giving Mary a fisted poke in the side. commanding. Grudgingly, the children obeyed.

"You're a baby; don't you think Mother is thirsty, too? "Andy, pull over away from the trail to that old

And she's not bawling about it."campsite. Unhitch the (Continued on page 528)

mustangs thunder toward her, as a small helpless animal might cringe..

Author s note: What a pity that as children we find the stories of real life less interesting than those of the imagination. How

often as adults we long for the return of opportunities to discover life through those who lived it—only to find that it is too late.

So it has been with this exciting story told so often by my grandmother. Enthralled, our minds flitting along on her journey, we

listened. But we never questioned or asked for elaboration. And memories are fickle as well as overburdened, so that the priceless, personal touch of participation is lost and forgotten.

The story is, nevertheless, true in the essential content. Great joy has been discovered in seeking to imagine the intimate details

of this experience. These are real people, Mormon pioneers, on the desert somewhere between Reese River, Nevada, and Hyrum,

Utah. The year is 1865, as near as we can determine.

JULY 1961 495 The Prophet Joseph Smith undertook to write a translated, it is assumed by some that the Book of history of the Church in order to "disabuse the public Mormon is a rather literal translation. Consequently,

mind, and put all inquiries after truth into possession one should expect to find in it frequent use of idiomatic of the facts, as they have transpired"because of "the speech which is Hebraic in nature.

many reports which have been put in circulation by That Lehi and his family spoke Hebrew can hardly evildisposed and designing persons, in relation to the be doubted; they were natives of the city of Jerurise and progress of the Church of Jesus Christ of salem. As a matter of fact, there seem to be indicaLatter-day Saints."1 In the course of this history the tions that his descendants living on the American

Prophet commented on the title page of the record continent 1,000 years later were also acquainted with which had been placed in his hands by the angel the language. Moroni, a historian of that later period,

Moroni. states that if their plates had been "sufficiently large,"

"I wish to mention here that the titlepage of the they would have written in Hebrew, and that if they

Book of Mormon is a literal translation, taken from had done so, there would have been no imperfection the very last leaf, on the left hand side of the collecin their record, even though the Hebrew had been tion or book of plates, which contained the record altered by them. 4 This is a significant statement bewhich has been translated, the language of the whole cause it implies that their Hebrew was a living lanrunning the same as all Hebrew writing in general; guage undergoing the processes of natural growth

and that said titlepage is not by any means a modern and change.

composition, either of mine or of any other man who Before describing some Hebrew idioms encountered has lived or does live in this generation. Therefore, in the Small Plates, it is to be noted that the term

in order to correct an error, which generally exists idiom as used herein is defined in a broad sense as concerning it, I give below that part of the title page any peculiar characteristic or genus of language that of the English version of the Book of Mormon, which differentiates it from other languages. This definiis a genuine and literal translation of the titlepage of tion does not limit an idiom to distinguishing verbal

the original Book of Mormon, as recorded on expressions, as illustrated in English by a football the plates."2 "gridiron,"a "close call,"a "shakedown,"and others.

It is noted that in his explanation the Prophet twice Such verbal idioms are formed by combining words mentioned that the Book of Mormon was a literal in such a manner that the meaning derived from the translation of the record entrusted to him. Because of union is much different from the meanings of the

this, and also because inexperienced translators tend individual words.

to adhere closely to the form of the language being Our definition of idiom also includes unique

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grammatical and syntactical constructions of languages expression of it.

which often tend to be overlooked in a studv of idioIn Hebrew construction, a rule states that when a matic usage. (For example, there is a tendency in compound subject is composed of different persons,

German to stack the verbs at the end of the sentence. the first person precedes the second, and the second

Whereas languages may borrow words from one anprecedes the third. 15 An example of this is seen in

other, a point to be stressed here is that an exchange of 1 Kings 1:21: "I and my son Solomon shall be counted

syntactical structure is most uncommon. A good exoffenders."7 In the Small Plates there are several

ample of this wellestablished principle of linguistics similar instances, such as "I and my brethren"or "I is English. The majority of the words in English are and my father."8 This is poor English but excellent

Roman, having come into the language through the Hebrew. Not in any instance has the writer found a

influence of French after the Norman conquest. Yet, case in the Small Plates in which the first person has

because of the fact that English grammar is generally not been placed before the second or the third.

considered to be Germanic, English is regarded as a

Germanic 5 rather than a Romance language. The Conjunction

With the foregoing in mind, it is possible for one to appreciate more fully the significance of some of Another grammatical construction in the Book of the grammatical peculiarities found in the Book of Mormon which bears the earmarks of Hebrew is the

Mormon which may strike one as being odd but everrecurring use of the conjunction and. Hebrew

which are legitimate if viewed as having a Hebraic sentence structure is relatively simple, somewhat like origin. the speech of children. This is because the Hebrew

habit is to coordinate rather than subordinate phrases

Compound Subject and sentences as is done in Latin and Greek in which languages, sentences are built together by the use of

The usage of the compound subject in the Book articles, participles, relative clauses, and other subof Mormon is a striking indication that this scripture ordinating media. 9 The Hebrews are such an and

was written by persons versed in Hebrew. The presloving people they exhibit a dislike even to begin a

ence of this phenomenon would also seem to evidence sentence without its use; even books are commenced

a rather literal translation of the Book of Mormon as with it. 10 (See Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Ruth.)

opposed to the philosophy that the concept or meaning One need only to read a few verses in the Small was obtained by the Prophet and that he was then Plates to determine that this Hebrew pattern of left to his own devices and experience for the construction is observed.

"And it came to pass that when I, Jacob, had spoken these words, the power of the Lord came upon him, insomuch that he fell to the earth. And it came to

pass that he was nourished for the space of many nil days. "And it came to pass that he said unto the people:

Gather together on the morrow, for I shall die; whereHEBREW fore, I desire to speak unto the people before I

I IIIi I \ ij1 shall die.

"And it came to pass that on the morrow the multiIDIOMS tude were gathered together; and he spake plainly

unto them and denied the thing which he had taught them, and confessed the Christ, and the power of the

Holy Ghost, and the ministering of angels.IN THE "And he spake plainly unto them, that he had been

deceived by the power of the devil. And he spake of

hell, and of eternity, and of eternal punishment.

"And he said: I fear lest I have committed the unSMALL PLATES

pardonable sin, for I have lied unto God; for I denied

the Christ, and said that I believed the scriptures;

and they truly testify of him. And because I have thus

lied shall I greatly fear 1 unto be II God lest my cause NEPHI OF

BY E. CRAFG BRAMWELL 1;i is 1e I confess awful; (Continued on page but 517):.HsS1f DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. LEAVE THE FROM ON

INSTRUCTOR BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

JULY 1961 497 THE THREE HUNDRED AND FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE KING JAMES VERSION OF THE BIBLE

BY DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY

CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

It seems only yesterday that we were celebrating the third centennial of the King James Version, but fifty years have passed away since 1911 when scholars and men in high places paid fitting tribute to the labors of the committee responsible for the most popular and influential Bible version ever produced. A great

segment of the Christian world again this year salutes the bringing forth of that noble version of Holy Writ.

The Latterday Saints are numbered in that segment, for we as a people have enjoyed the blessings and hallowed influence of the English version through the years. Our leaders have preached from it continuously,

and our missionaries still use it in their farflung activities throughout the world.

It is my purpose in this article to review briefly for They are the Latterday Saints the circumstances that brought Coverdale's Bible 1535 forth the King James or Authorized Version; discuss Matthew's Bible 1537

a little of its history, its strengths and weaknesses; the Great Bible 15391541

and comment some on translations or revisions that Taverner's Bible 1539 have followed it. the Geneva Bible 15571560

It should be kept in mind that the King James the Bishops'Bible 1568

Version of the Bible was preceded by at least six versions (these followed Tyndale), any one of which A thrilling story lies behind these predecessors of might have become the official version of the land, the Authorized Version, but space prevents our

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA discussing them except incidentally as we proceed. England, who were assigned as follows:

Thus, we should like to tell about Tyndale's work as a 1. The Pentateuch and historical books, to the end

translator and the dependence of Coverdale not only of Kings. Ten Cambridge men, including Lancelot

upon Tyndale but also upon Luther, upon the VulAndrewes, were assigned here. Dr. Laifield was

gate, Pagninus, and Zwingli (the Zurich version). chosen because of his knowledge of architecture to

The King James Version was ultimately dependent help render the passages on the tabernacle and the upon many sources for its excellence. Tyndale, it temple.

should be noticed, is the man, more than any other, 2. Chronicles to Ecclesiastes. Eight Cambridge

to whom admirers of the English Bible owe the men, including Lancelot Andrewes'brother, were asgreatest debt. signed to this task.

Some months following the ascension of James I to 3. The Prophets. Seven Oxford men, including Dr.

the English throne, he called a conference of churchMiles Smith, later responsible for the translators'men and theologians at Hampton Court "for the preface, were assigned here.

hearing, and for the determining, things pretended 4. The Apocrypha. Seven Cambridge men.

to be amiss in the Church."When the conference 5. The Gospels, Acts, and Revelation. Eight men

assembled on January 14, 1604, there were present from Oxford, including Dr. Abbot who later became

besides the king a party of seventeen Anglicans Archbishop of Canterbury.

headed by Archbishop Whitgift and a party of four 6. The Epistles. Seven men were assigned here.

Presbyterians under the leadership of Dr. John They seem to have been mostly from Cambridge.

Reynolds. On the second day of the conference, Dr. It will be seen that the new version was to be

Reynolds, president of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, almost completely an Oxford and Cambridge affair.

and the leader of the Puritan side in the Church of But England's full resources and best men were placed

England, set forth the resolution, at the disposal of this very serious undertaking in "That a translation be made of the whole Bible, as order that the results would be the best the age could consonant as can be to the original Hebrew and produce. How well King James and his men sucGreek; and this to be set out and printed, without ceeded is seen in the fact that after initial difficulties

any marginal notes, and only to be used in all the Authorized Version was the English translation

Churches of England in time of divine service."for over three centuries, and it is still preeminent in

This resolution by no means met with the unanithe minds of ordinary Christian people today.

mous approval of the conference; indeed, Richard The translators were guided by a set of fourteen

Bancroft, Bishop of London, uttered his complaint rules which were sanctioned, if not indeed drawn up, that "if every man's humour were followed, there by King James in person. The first seven are espewould be no end of translating."On the other hand cially worthy of our attention.

James eagerly took up Reynolds'proposal and said: 1. The Bishops'Bible was to be their basic text,

"I profess I could never yet see a Bible well transand it was to be "as little altered as the truth of the lated in English; but I think that, of all, that of original will permit."

Geneva is the worst. I wish some special pains were 2. The names of the prophets and other holy writers

taken for an uniform translation, which should be were to be retained in the ordinary spelling, i.e., in

done by the bestlearned men in both Universities, the popular form.

then reviewed by the Bishops, presented to the Privy 3. The old ecclesiastical words were to be kept,

Council, lastly ratified by Royal authority, to be read such as "church"(not "congregation"), and the lanin the whole Church, and none other."guage was to be kept close to traditional norms.

Actually the Geneva Bible was the best English 4. Words with ambiguous meaning were to be

translation that had appeared prior to that time; what translated as "most commonly used by the most emithe king objected to were the very controversial notes nent fathers."

in it that had made it so unacceptable to leaders in 5. Chapter divisions as found in the Bishops'Bible

church and state during Queen Elizabeth's reign. The were to be altered as little as possible.

task ahead was to produce a new version that would 6. Marginal notes were to be reduced to a minimum

commend itself to all schools of thought in England. and "only for the explanation of Hebrew or Greek

The king took active part in organizing the work of words,"when these cannot be explained in the text.

translation. Fortyseven translators were formed into 7. Crossreferences were to be made to relevant

six subcommittees for different parts of the Bible. passages elsewhere in scripture so as to make the

These men included the greatest Bible scholars in Bible selfexplanatory. (Continued on page 546)

JULY 1961 499 BY JOHN G. KINNEAR

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATETHE LOST IS FOUND

A gray sky hung low over the small town of

Stockton, California. The air ivas filled with

an uncomfortable humidity. In all, it was a

dreary day, the kind that carried a stillness and an emptiness which depressed rather than soothed. A small children's

boardinghouse stood bleak against its backdrop from the California sun, the bare brick reflecting an almost dismal light from its faded, red face.

"Tom, Mark, your father is here to see you. Comb your hair and get down

stairs this minute,"the matron's voice echoed down the long empty hallway.

*A true story with names changed

Sevenyear-old Tom, holding the hand of his small emotion. Tom couldn't believe what he had heard.

frightened brother meekly walked the length of the He tried to cling a little longer as he felt his father's bare corridor and down the hallway leading into the arms loosen around him. "You won't be seeing me

visitor's room. ever again,"echoed over and over in Tom's stunned

As the door swung ajar a dishevelled and stooped brain. Bewildered, he watched his father walk slowly

figure, with a face showing age beyond his years, to the door and silently leave.

stood anxiously peering at the two small lads—his The road ahead for Tom was one of knocks and

sons. His breath, still heavy with the fumes of kicks, bumps and bruises. It was also a road as empty

alcohol, enveloped the older boy with its familiar as the corridors of the home for children where his odor as the lad shyly approached. The father, with story begins.

bloodshot eyes, squinted through the dim light. The state authorities took matters in hand. Tom

Tom felt nervous and a little insecure as he profand his brother were shifted around from month to fered a timid greeting. He was afraid to go back to month, to home after home, and finally placed in

the kind of life he could remember, and yet he hoped one of California's largest orphanages. World War II

in his heart that his father had come to take them was underway; morals were generally lax; and divided

away from this home. families common.

He remembered little of the lovely house he had In the next few years Tom learned much he once lived in. He had left it when he was only five, shouldn't have learned. This was an environment

going with his family in aimless wandering while that included almost every conceivable type of dethe father found work in cotton fields or wherever linquent of many races. Nights would find him stealelse odd jobs could be had. His father had once ing out of the orphanage with the older boys,

owned a large drugstore, had been president of a standing by to watch street gang fights, breaking community club, and had enjoyed all the prestige of into stores and stealing liquor for them, and partici- a respected registered pharmacist. The drugs on his pating in all the malicious activities that they could

own shelves had become his downfall. The family plan. He was rebellious, finding what recognition

had left town to pursue a life of want. Most of the and acceptance he could among the "friends"who

money the father was able to earn was used to added to his fast developing philosophy of "survival satisfy the mad craving of drug addiction. of the fittest."He had already developed a serious

At first Tom and Mark had been left with friends speech impediment and couldn't pronounce his own while their mother shared their father's Doctor name without stuttering and stammering.

Jekyll and Mr. Hyde existence. She was often Until Tom turned fifteen his own personal world

beaten when her husband was either drunk or in the orphanage included the delinquents and drugged. Her life of hardship lasted only a short "punks"of the first order. He grew up defying

while. She died when Tom was six years old. authority and fighting for a place in his world of

The last six months before coming to the children's frustrated childhood. Discipline by authorities meant

home had been anything but a normal home life for physical punishment, and he soon learned that to the boys, but it was really the only time he felt he wince was cause for further harrassment by "the gang."

belonged. There had been the experiences of helpTom's small brother was always loyal to him when

ing Mark guide their father as he staggered out of he was in trouble. Once in a while Mark would find

some saloon. And there were those dingy tenament himself in "hot water,"but his offenses were usually

rooms they sometimes called "home."There were a only minor.

few precious moments of kindness, love, and closeTom's own life in the orphanage came to an abrupt ness, too. It was easy to remember the occasional halt when he was expelled for hitting the principal. On

embrace, the warmth of being called "Son."being beaten by the older man, he had retaliated in a

The father stooped to hug the two small figures wild, rebellious rage.

tightly. Tom rested his cheek on his father's threadState authorities found it difficult to decide on

bare coat. a suitable solution to Tom's problem. Tom remem-

"Boys,"he said, "I'm going away.... You won't bered the loneliness of sitting on a bench in the hallbe seeing me ever again."His voice was thick with way outside the welfare ( Continued on page 518

JULY 1961 501 JSkrnCs,*** * ** '

the Pageant The Spirit of

BY PATRICIA MIDDLETON

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

We heard the phrase many times during our stay in crowded into the Palmyra Branch chapel to sing toPalmyra, until this had become our slogan: "Let's gether, our voices must have shaken the rafters. All

keep the spirit of pageant."the brimming emotion that pageant had filled us with

Three busloads of girls—the majority of them college was released through singing "The Spirit of God

students—arrived at the Hill Cumorah to join Eastern like a fire is burning...."The Spirit did burn within

States missionaries in a twoweek period of preparaeach heart with the fire of the pageant message—the

tion for prOselyting activities and rehearsing for the unmatchable Book of Mormon story. Never before

famed Mormon pageant, Americas Witness for Christ. had I heard it sung with such vigor and such beauty.

When our buses pulled into the little town of Nor have I since.

Palmyra, New York, where once the Mormons were The experience we gained at the study grove was a spurned and our Prophet mobbed and driven out, we high light of inspiration and enlightenment for us all.

were greeted by huge banners strung across the main During one morning assembly, an elder, a Hebrew street in bold and glaring letters: "WELCOME, convert, was called to the stand to bear his testiMORMONS."mony. The big elder stood reverently with his arms

Strange as it may seem the children and grandfolded tightly across his chest, while his penetrating children of the early persecutors welcomed us into dark eyes scanned his audience of faces. He

their homes, fed us, and even promoted the pageant looked at us deliberately for a long moment, as I with street banners, signs in their store windows, and waited, conditioning my eardrums for an expected fullpage spreads in their daily newspapers. increase in sound volume. His countenance was

The LDS sisters and elders met in the study grove almost terrible, as if he were about to "spew us out at "the Hill"every morning at nine o'clock to receive of his mouth!"But when he spoke, it was nearly

instructions and give extemporaneous talks, recite a whisper—the words even and deliberate. I caught

scriptures from memory, and divide into study groups myself leaning forward slightly, as were others, to to learn missionary lessons. catch every syllable. We went with him during the

And when over three hundred elders and sisters next few moments to the land of his fathers, down the

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pageant participants in Ne- ( I. to r. ) Elder Calvin Mills,

phitish costumes awaiting Woods Cross, Utah; Sister

their cue. Ann Hamilton, Hyde Park,

(I. to r.) Patricia Clyde, Utah, portraying the Virgin

Ariz.; Mesa, Luann Duffin,

Tooele, Utah, Nephite Mary; Bro. Heber Jacobs of

women. Provo, Utah.

dusty roads of Jerusalem where another Jewish man had walked and preached to a stiffnecked peopleGod's covenant race. And we learned anew that day,

from a humble member of the tribe of Judah, what a priceless privilege is ours to pray in Jesus'name.

The spirit of pageant did not come to everyone at the same time or even in the same way. To some, it

came through a Hebrew convert's testimony; to others

through memorizing and repeating the missionary lessons over and over again until they felt they had convinced no one but themselves. And to others, it

came while standing in the Sacred Grove, gazing upward as far as one could see into the treetops—

giant monuments, standing tall and impressive, their soft, green leaves and uplifted branches motionless, as though in reverence of the holy event that occurred in that very grove more than a hundred years ago.

To some, it came through the uttered testimonies of fellow pageant participants in the peaceful quiet of the grove, penetrated occasionally by a bird's melodious whistle. One morning a lovely blind girl was

led down to the front to add her testimony to ours in the Sacred Grove. Our hearts went out to her as

we watched her being helped to the platform. Many

Between scenes—central figure is Elder

Tillman Turley, ivith speaker, one of the elders in charge of the study groups for missionaries.

Dr. Harold I. Hansen, pageant director

and chairman of the Dept. of Speech ir

Dramatic Arts at Elder Terry Fullmer,

BYU. Driggs, Idaho, as General Moroni.

JULY 1961 ( I. to r. ) Elder Joseph your soul cannot see, and I would rather remain blind

Stewart, Idaho Falls, than to be as some, who are so blinded by the things

Idaho, as Moroni and of this world that they cannot see the beauty of the

Elder Harold J. Burgospel of Jesus Christ."The testimony of this counett as Mormon. rageous girl, who awed us with her numerous talents

( I. to r. ) Elder Eugene throughout the pageant, gave each of us greater inTauh, Santa Monica, centive to sharpen our own vision.

Calif., as Judah; Elder And the spirit of pageant came separately to some

Clarence Mahoney, H eb e r City, Utah, who arose early in the mornings before the others

Ezekiel; Elder Boyde and went into the grove unseen. But to all of us, it

Condie, Preston, Idaho, climaxed as the "green"ones and the timid ones of

Ephraim. our group circulated among the thousands who

flocked each night to view the pageant. Armed with

our message, pamphlets, and a smile, we went in pairs before the beginning of each performance, talking with members of our vast audience who represented many creeds and faiths; and to them we bore

serious testimony to the truthfulness of "America's

Witness for Christ."

For the thousands of Mormons who travel from all parts of the United States and Canada, the 1961 Hill

Cumorah Pageant, to be held August 2, 3, 4, and 5, will have special significance, because it marks the 131st anniversary year of the founding of the Church.

Once again, hundreds of Latterday Saints will cross twothirds of the American continent, carrying tons of jL equipment to Hill Cumorah to appear in the colorful biblical and preColumban Indian costumes to act 1 out their parts on five major stages and twenty secondary stages on the vast hillside. This year will

bring new technical advancements, and the production will be greatly enhanced by additional lighting equipment, new costumes, and new set designs.

The script will also have taken on several revisions.

Varicolored spotlights will pierce the darkness;

lightning will flash; peals of thunder and reverberations of earthquakes will rend the air; music and

speech will resound over the countryside for four nights. Threechannel stereophonic sound, enormous

in volume, will carry the music of the Utah Symphony Orchestra, three choirs from Brigham Young

University, and the Tabernacle organ. And once

again, for the twentythird consecutive year since the

Two captains in General Moroni's army stand chatting on pageant started, the production will be under the "the Hill"during rehearsals. skilled direction of Dr. Harold I. Hansen, chairman

of the department of speech and dramatic arts at of us would gladly have lent her our own eyes to BYU. The musical score of the pageant is composed

enable her to enjoy the beauty of the surroundings. by Dr. Crawford Gates, distinguished American comShe must have sensed our feelings, for her face lighted poser and chairman of the BYU music department.

up as she spoke: The cast of hundreds of LDS young men and

"Please do not feel sorry because I am blind, because women will dramatize the words of the Book of today I have so many, many blessings I am thankful Mormon, which through divine guidance was engraved for. Brothers and sisters, you are only blind when on gold plates and (Continued on page 545)

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On the following pages, in the order of their delivery, are the talks given at the Saturday night

PRIESTHOOD MEETING of the 131st GENERAL CONFERENCE April 8, 1961

General view of members of the priesthood convened in the Salt Lake Tabernacle during the priesthood meeting of the 131st General Conference of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, April 8, 1961. Almost 50,000 priesthood holders were met

in 288 buildings across the nation, in Canada} and in New Zealand.

tonight. of speaking to you SHARE opportunityI rejoice in the wonderful messages

THE that we have heard from President others to spoken who have GOSPEL McKayus duringandthis conference, and I am inspired by the great vision of our leaders.

I am grateful for the knowledge that I have of the restored gospel and for the

Franklin D. Richards knowledge that I have of my Father in

his Christ. heaven and Son Jesus The

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Prophet inspirais a great Joseph Smith tion to me, and I thrill in testifying that

God the Father and his Son Jesus Christ

My dear brethren, I pray that the beautidid actually appear to him in the Sacred ful prayer that was offered by President Grove.

Lewis may be answered in my behalf. I thrill throughout my body, mind,

I am aware of the responsibility that and spirit when I testify to the truthrests upon me, and I appreciate the fulness of that great vision—the first

JULY 1961 505 vision of the Prophet Joseph, and I apSecond, you can do missionary work Church?"And regardless of their anpreciate the wonderful things that the by using the referral system. By the swer, "Would you like to know more?"

Prophet did in restoring the Church referral system we mean sending the We found that approximately two he was an instrument in the hands of names of those friends or relatives who out of every three that are asked these the Lord in restoring the gospel and live outside of the area that you are questions say, "No, I am not interested."

the priesthood to the earth in this disliving in, who you think would be In that event, just pass them off, pospensation. I, like you, love and respect interested in the Church, to the stake or sibly with a casual, "Well, maybe some

our great prophet and leader, President mission president in the area in which day you will be."But don't irritate

David O. McKay, and I know and testify the people live. them or press the situation. There are

that he is indeed the prophet of the This morning we heard of the referthousands and thousands that are waitLord and the head of the Church of ral that resulted in the conversion and ing and wanting to hear this message,

Jesus Christ on this earth today. baptism of President John Taylor. Many and they have a right to hear it.

Now, brethren, truly the kingdom of wonderful people are being brought into The one out of three who says, "Yes,

God is going forward that the kingdom the Church now through this referral I would like to know more,"is the one of heaven may come. President McKay system. to invite into your home for a group

has counseled us that every member of Third, invite your nonmember friends meeting with the missionaries. Or if

this Church should be a missionary. to attend auxiliary meetings and other that is not possible, give that name to

Tonight my heart is really filled with Church meetings with you. Fourth, the missionaries. I personally regularly

the missionary spirit. Heretofore the live your religion, love your neighbor. ask these two questions: "What do you

missionary work has been performed "Let your light so shine before men, know about the Mormon Church?"and

chiefly by fulltime missionaries and that they may see your good works, and then, regardless of the answer, "Would like more?"to know district missionaries.stake as you and Now

this almost daily I find doing ByPresident has told us, each and McKay every one of us has the opportunity of SEA GULL FLIGHT many, many fine people who say, "Yes,

I like I to have more,"and know would a IRELAND glorious a missionary.being BY THELMA What asking in yet embarrassed been never this really givesopportunity us when

I question. turned that many, have print gull cuts a block bold sea as appreciate A can do whatwe we memmission- referrals to fine our over many a sunset sky Against this of in thebers spreading Church

is fact, a aries. hardly day there In raingospel. paints the with waves That

I referral get a that by not goes do by President great prophet, Another tint. bowed these questions. asking

anniAlbert the said Smith,George on cry. plaintive his I hear all over asking of groups In members

first of years ofversary the hundred is search? he does he What How these questions, to ask the country

threshthethe stand Church: "As on we I urged? feeling of a times sensed have many

of a as representativesold century, new afterflight? his lonely skepticism, always almost but prompts What

all inof of Christ the Jesus Church sent or written has someone wards is as his me goal he is merged What life, responsibility of thewalks have we that to saying although he word me light? distant In muted atto and the people go among home first, tried at the asking doubtful he was this far If bird follow I could will happinessabroad, great our be and to surprised questions, happily and was Into the mystery of era this as participate in new we I like saying, "Yes, find would many star, of dusk, sunset, and lies moon Of thatgrowth development and to more."know

ahead."Of tide and restless sea, The opportunity will present itself to

Yes, brethren, we are truly in a new Would I find answers to my dreams you as you go about from day to day era of growth and development, and Or would they seem but selfish if you are thinking about it. So I sugpersonally I am grateful and thankful schemes? gest, do think about it, and try it. Let's

to be a part of it. Realizing this new assume that a hundred members in a

era, the leaders of the Church are ward or branch asked these two quesdoubling the number of fulltime misglorify your Father which is in heaven."tions only once every other day. They

sionaries, and more stake and district (Matt. 5:16.) would ask on an average of three hunmissionaries are being called today than Elder Harold B. Lee, in touring the dred a week, and experience has shown

ever before. Formerly, the missionaries Northwestern States Mission last sumthat approximately one out of every

spent a large part of their time in finding mer, said, "This means let your light three will answer that he would like someone to teach, but now with every so shine that men shall be led to join to know more. On this basis the mismember of the Church being a missionthe Church, or the kingdom of God."sionaries would have about one hundred

ary, by using the "share the gospel"But I can hear many of you say, "I new people to teach each week in that program, the members, in effect, find the know my friends and relatives wouldn't ward or branch, probably many more people to teach, and the missionaries be interested. I have tried for years to than all of the fulltime and parttime

now can spend a very large part of their talk to members of my family about missionaries could possibly handle.

time in teaching, mainly in groups. religion, and it seems to irritate them,"Keep in mind also that the young

This group teaching we have found and other such things. But I ask you, people as well as the old ask these questo be very effective, both in saving time do you really know that your friends tions, and the younger ones do not

in teaching and in the psychology that would not be interested? Have you seem to hesitate like some of us older

results from teaching in groups. But, asked them? I suggest that you do ask ones. I have some remarkable instances

you may say, how can I be a missionary them. that I wish I had time to tell you about.

and participate in the "share the gospel"The people of the Northwestern Sometime maybe I can.

program? Well, there are several ways. States Mission, where I presided as presiSpeaking of referrals, I would like to

First, you can invite your nonmember dent during the year 1960, as well as read from a letter that I received just friends, relatives, neighbors, business asin many other places, have found thouabout two or three days ago from a sociates, or others that you might sands of people who are interested, who person who apparently thought I was casually contact, into your homes, prethey thought were not interested, and still president of the Northwestern States ferably in groups, and then let the fullthis by merely asking two important Mission. I have sent the letter on to

time, the stake, or the district missionquestions, which you can do. First, President Don C. Wood. She said:

aries teach them the gospel. "What do you know about the Mormon "Dear President Richards: Ever since I

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA joined the Church three and a half sending these fine missionaries to our sound and are, the important thing is years ago I have wished all my friends branch. We are thrilled and very thankthat a great many more of God's chiland relatives had the same opportunity ful, and we are reorganizing our visiting dren are enjoying the blessings of the

to investigate the gospel, and I have teachers so that the presidency will be gospel than otherwise might be.

decided it's time that I asked to have free to visit any contacts that the misAnd what is our responsibility? It is

missionaries sent to my relatives. Most sionaries ask us to."to give every one of God's children the

of them seem interested and curious About six months later I was interopportunity of enjoying the blessings about our Church since my brother and viewing one of the elders working in of immortality and eternal life. As

I joined it, so I am hoping and praying the area. I asked him how things were Jesus said to Nicodemus, a ruler of the

that they will recognize the truth when going in the branch. He said, "Simply Jews, "... Verily, verily, I say unto

they hear it. It certainly leads to the great. Do you know how many nonthee, Except a man be born of water

happiest way of life, and I know I could member women were out to the openand of the Spirit, he cannot enter into have avoided pitfalls if I had only found ing Relief Society meeting in the the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.)

it sooner. It's wonderful to have the branch?"I guessed six or eight, which Yes, baptism is necessary, and we

true gospel to guide your children I thought would be pretty good. He must be baptism conscious. On several

through their lives, and so dangerous to said, "Thirtyfour!"This, brethren, is occasions bishops and branch presitry and raise them without it."Then the "share the gospel"plan in action dents have said to me, "President, havshe listed the names and addresses of in the Relief Society. Thanks to Sister ing all of these people coming into the

twentyfive friends and relatives, saying Freeman and her fine members, beChurch is wonderful. We need them."

shewould appreciate very much having cause of this activity many wonderful But also another great blessing is rethe missionaries call on these twentyfive ceived by members participating in this people, and she would be praying that "share the gospel"plan. Many who hadthey would be as happy to receive the SOWER—NAPA VALLEY been relatively inactive became active

gospel message as she had been. BY ANNETTE WEDDELL again. An increased spirituality is defiAs I left the Northwest in December, nitely noticeable among the ward memmore than a thousand referrals were In furrows conestoga mapped bers who are sharing. It is like love, as

passing through our office each month, I stride to scatter seed you give it to others it increases in members wanting to share the gospel On fertile earth, sinew and plow yourself.

relatives, friends Further,with sharing by and the gosknowing members geared the Taut to human need.

it pel lives.joy friends into bring their with fine a great would very many hypocrisy No hireling is thisBrethren, converts are the into "share the gospel"the coming Church,

plan at work through the referral Has ever stayed this hand many who are making wonderful system. At constant war with locust chance leaders almost immediately after bap-

I would like to say a few words about To famine stave my land. tism.

the auxiliaries as missionary aids. InSun sown of spring and summer Brethren, remember the word of the

vite your friends to attend the auxiliary warmed, Lord to the Prophet Joseph: "And if it

meetings with you. I would say that Autumnal harvest ripened gold so be that you should labor -all your

this is one of the easier ways that we Is heritage to Donner hope days in crying repentance unto this people, it of gospel.have bring, officer sharing the and save be an As soul one unto countless families Nowor teacher, old. me, or of shall great of a even one be how joy your member with

still for Yet I pioneer peace,these auxiliary groups, in the him be can of a you kingdom Father! my security Reseed scathe and if thismissionary following now, program. will "And by joy your be great

You and the members of your family not Harsh winds to wisps—hillscan with one soul that you have brought

only invite these people but make apNew supple growing sheaves of unto me into the kingdom of my Father, pointments to pick them up to attend faith. how great will be your joy if you should

Sunday School, Relief Society, Mutual, bring many souls unto me!"(D&C

Primary, Sacrament meeting, or any 18:1516.)

other of the Church meetings. members are now enjoying the benefits Yes, the "share the gospel"plan is

Likewise, you can take these people of the gospel. really here. Every member of the

to the social functions being given by As a result of the "share the gospel"Church a missionary! This also means

the auxiliary organizations. They offer plan, actually thousands of people are group teaching to a very large extent, and

very pleasant occasions for these nonbeing brought into the Church every this plan is very simple and extremely members, and when they come to feel month. The effectiveness of this plan effective. President Moyle has said:

the warmth and friendship that they is especially impressive in the North- "We can go out into the mission field, find in this association, they are much western States Mission, where we we can go out into the world, we can more susceptible to the teachings of the adopted it early last year. By the memgo into our lives, and accomplish anygospel. bers of the stakes and districts working thing that we desire to accomplish.

This is a very practical way that you with the fulltime missionaries, 775 Whenever the Lord calls upon us to can participate. A striking example of converts were baptized in January and do anything, he makes us equal to the

this is an incident that happened last February of this year, compared with task."

year in the Northwest. Sister Freeman, 106 a year ago—nearly seven and a half I know this is true. Let everyone of

a convert of about two years, was servtimes as many. This figure does not us be a missionary. It is wonderful.

ing as president of the Relief Society in include many more baptisms by stake And may we have the faith and the one of the branches. There had been missionaries. determination and the courage to make

no missionaries in this branch for some In the eight eastern United States this "share the gospel"plan an effective time. In the spring, we discussed the and Canadian missions that Sister Richvehicle in bringing great numbers of

"share the gospel"plan with the memards and I visited during January, Febsouls into the kingdom of God. Let us

bers of the branch, and we sent two ruary, and March of this year, the always keep in mind that the purpose missionaries in with instructions to use "share the gospel"plan has been introof missionary work is to bring souls the "share the gospel"program. Soon duced, and the number of baptisms so into the kingdom of God through the

after they arrived, they got in touch far this year is approximately double ordinance of baptism.

with Sister Freeman, and she wrote to that of a year ago for a comparable May the Lord bless us to this end, I me saying this: "A special thanks for period. But amazing as these figures pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JULY 1961 507 We now have approximately 8,500 desired to have you, that he may sift missionaries in the field who are workyou as wheat:

ing, I think, as missionaries have never "But I have prayed for thee, that thy

READY workedmonth ofbefore,actual averagingproselyting 210per missionhours a verted,faith failstrengthennot: and thywhenbrethren."thou art(Lukecon-

I believe, my brethren, that TO ary. We have approximately seven 22:3132.)

HARVEST stakes.thousand Butadditionalwith allmissionariesof these, in "thethe thatof thegreatpriesthoodadmonitionofappliesthe Churchto the menof

laborers are few and the harvest is Christ: "... when thou art converted,

great."(See Luke 10:2.) strengthen thy brethren."When thou

"... Lift up your eyes, and look on the art converted, go thou and convert thy

Gordon B. Hinckley fields;harvest."for(Johnthey 4:35.)are white already to brethren.What willThisit takeis ourto doresponsibility.it?

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve I believe, my brethren, with all my First, it will take an awareness of our responsibility and our opportunity.

Great and magnificent as is the work

My dear brethren, I count this a great of the more than 15,000 missionaries privilege and a great opportunity. I who have been set apart, I am confeel the weight of this responsibility and vinced that we have a far greater force

seek the inspiration of the Lord. As I for teaching the gospel to the world

envision the vast network of Church OLD ROAD in the membership of the Churchbuildings, 285 of them reaching all the BY LAURA EMERSON GRADICK "every man a missionary"—as has been

way to New Zealand across an expanse said here so convincingly tonight.

a missionary!"of "Every 12,000 miles, man with thousands upon take the superhighways to the You you're whether do this, can Anyonethousands are boys and of men who beach; or you're bond whether poor, rich or I tonight,assembled of think Wilford

Woodruff's story of the first meeting I'll take the old road through the free. I think every member of the Church

that he attended with the Prophet countryside; has the capacity to teach the gosJoseph Smith. Of course I know quite well that you pel to nonmembers. I was told the

On a Sunday morning in 1834 in Kirtwill reach other day of a crippled woman, homewheel- in a days her spends bound, all ofland, Ohio, who the priesthood were quicker. shore Yet do not The much

of the means has been chair, little,called together. in who a They met deride the into people thirtyseven bringing log cabin.rough Smith, Oliver Hyrum quiet love marching roads and of need brethren, awareness, we Church. AnCowdery, Brigham Young, C. My Heber

Kimball, Parley and Orson Pratt, and pinesan awareness, an everyday awareness of

William E. M'Lellin all spoke, and then Wild iris in the ditch—cattail balletthe great power that we have to do this

Joseph spoke and said: "I want to tell No traffic jams, gas fumes, or speedthing.

you this: You know no more concerning ing lines. Second, a desire. I think many of us

the results of this work and what lies Mine is the old road; yours the broad realize that we could do it, but we

single Let every man the desire. Israel, elders ofbefore you as and before highway. lack

get on Let him a friend. out another,this people, of a children."than group

He then went on to say that this work his knees and pray to the Lord to help will fill the whole earth, and all nations him bring that man into the Church.

will have to hear the proclamation of I am as satisfied as I am of anything the gospel. (Mill. Star, Vol. 54, p. 605.) that with that kind of prayerful, conWere those men here tonight they scientious, directed effort, there isn't a

would marvel at the accomplishments man in this Church who could not conthat have been wrought. Never has the heart that the field is white ready to vert another. I think of a phrase that

work of teaching the gospel moved so harvest. We had nearly 50,000 baptisms has been quoted by Brother Richard L.

splendidly forward as it is moving today. last year. I think it not at all unEvans: "If not I, who? If not now,

Never before was so much being acrealistic to believe that we could have when?"I leave that thought with you.

complished. I think you may be in100,000 converts a year in the Church if Third, the faith to try. It is so simterested to know that during the ten all of us were alert to the opportunities ple. As Brother Franklin D. Richards

years that President McKay has stood that are about us and would go to work has pointed out, this is not complex.

as President of the Church, more than accordingly. I think the answer to the It is simple. We have in the Northern

24,000 fulltime missionaries have gone increased number of converts does not Far East Mission of the Church today a girl, Japanese and capable beautiful fact lie the particularly notwithstanding in ourinto the field, methods—effective

I said to her, "Were born in Honolulu. proas are. Rather, I think of ourthat those methods young men were many

hibited from going because of military we are living in the day of the fulfilyour folks members of the Church?"

problems beyond their control. During ment of the word of the Lord given "No, they were Buddhists.""How is it

this same period more than 261,000 conthrough the Prophet Joel, and repeated then that you are here?"She said, "I

verts have been baptized into the by Moroni in his first visitation to the had a high school friend who took me

Church. I can think of no more fitting Prophet Joseph. to Mutual once a week and then gave

memorial to the marvelous work of our "And it shall come to pass afterward, me a tract to read."That girl went on

great missionary President than the fact that I will pour out my Spirit upon all to the University of Hawaii and then to that in these last ten years more than a flesh "(Joel 2:28.) Illinois Wesleyan University, from

quarter of a million people have entered I believe, my brethren, that we are which school she was graduated. Today

the waters of baptism. There were living in the day when the Spirit of the she is a missionary in Japan.

48,500 plus last year, the equivalent of Lord is being poured out upon all flesh. The average missionary in Japan

ten or twelve average stakes, and a hunTo Peter, Jesus said, brings approximately seven people a dred wards. "... Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath year into the Church. That means

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that if she Is just average she will be the all night, morning was coming, and I Will you spend an hour?"And he said,

means of bringing about fourteen people began a conversation with a man across "Yes."He handed me his card. Presiinto the Church. Now if each of those the aisle. I asked him where he was dent Warren E. Pugh of the Northern

fourteen were to bring another fourteen from. He said he was from Newark. California Mission was there, and we

people into the Church and so on, it is He asked, "Where are you from?"I arranged an appointment. Eight weeks

easy to see how the gospel might spread said, "Salt Lake."He said, "Are you later I had a letter from President Pugh

through that land of a hundred million a Mormon?"and I said, "Yes."He to say that that man had joined the

people. said, "I thought so. You've had more Church.

We have in one of our great universiorange juice than everybody else on Now, I give you those instances, ties a professor, a doctor in science, this plane put together."Well, he brethren, by way of testimony. I think

who spends his noon hours discussing hasn't joined the Church yet, but I have known a little of the joy of which the gospel with his associates, to whom he has read the Book of Mormon, and he the Lord spoke, and concerning which he had said in effect: "What do you has read LeGrand Richards'book and he gave promise.

know about the Mormons? Would you two or three other books, and he has You never know how much good you

like to learn more?"They are learning invited the missionaries to come and can do until you try. You never can

more. speak before the service club of which judge the consequences of your work.

I want to tell of one more instance. I have been in Korea, in that rough,

We had speaking recently in a stake sad, povertystricken land, which has conference a lovely eighteen or nineseen so much of sorrow. We have today

teenyear-old girl who had joined the nearly a thousand members there. They

Church. She stood up and in substance are wonderful people. Last year the

said, "My father was a minister. His WILLOW WHISTLES missionaries in Korea averaged fourteen

father was a minister. My mother's BY EDNA DAY converts per missionary, and eighty perfather was a minister. In fact, my father cent of them were university students or

graduates. of the the minister churchwas pussy willows crouch upon university just When

is marvelous in Korea That work the corner. arounddown A school their perch, largely the lengthened of one shadow of tofriend took Mutual. mine Then me

she brought me to Sacrament meeting. And weeping willow wands sway man, Dr. Ho Jik Kim, who was a student

Then she said, 'Couldn't I invite the gracefully, at Cornell University fifteen years ago.

missionaries to come to your home and I greet the welcome time when I A fellow student, a Mormon boy by the teach you?'may search name of Oliver Wayman, began to talk

"I replied with astonishment, 'To my For whistlemaking wood from bush to him about Mormonism. When Elder

home, with my father pastor of the or tree. Wayman left, another Mormon boy by

church around the corner?'"The the name of Don Wood, who went

to biochemistry, study became father.friend she suggested ask her So I hurry to the place that willows therefriendly this student. with Korean girl father, contothe her he and went grow; joined Dr. the Church, and he Kimsented. missionaries with met The

her in one room while her father lis- I pound with jacknife, and I make went back to Korea. Lie undertook to

tened in another. She has joined the a ring; translate the Book of Mormon. He beChurch, and her father has resigned his I blow a reedy blast; and then I came a tremendous strength to the work

pastorate and is now teaching in a Caliknow there. He rose to high positions of

fornia school. I've found the surest harbinger of leadership in the government, and the

I say all of this only to illustrate the Spring. stature which the Church now has in

point which was made by Brother RichKorea is largely the result of that. Don

ards here tonight that the capacity lies C. Wood today is president of the Northwithin our young people by the tens and western States Mission. With all that

tens of thousands to bring their friends he will do as president of that mission, into the fold of the Church. directing the work of 150 missionaries,

I have here a letter that I picked off he is an officer. I think no one can I do not know that he will do anything

my desk. It came from a friend, a lawforetell the eventual consequence of that more significant than he did when he

yer who works in a large bank. He conversation. was a student at Cornell, walking arm

writes: "I set a goal of at least one I had an interesting experience while in arm with a young man from Korea

referral per week. Thus far there have going to the Orient last year. When over to our little meetings, and then

been numerous opportunities to make I checked in in San Francisco, the man coming back and explaining the gospel appointments. With over 1,000 emexamined my passport and inquired to him and encouraging him to read

ployees at the main office of the bank, about my business. I said, "I am the Book of Mormon.

the chances of success are good."going to represent the Mormon Church. Brethren, the power lies within us to

The faith to try! It is so simple! Do you know anything about the spread the Lord's work. "... I am not

it of Christ: for gospel of the ashamed he said, "I know the "Oh,"that after joy Mormons?"will come thenAnd

..."salvation. unto is the power "Lias of God wife's a Lord. of the Mormon."promised has been a little. Mywhich

I know of no other work where the she ever told you anything about (Romans 1:16.) I give you my testiLord has given so great a promise of the Church?"I asked him. He said, mony of this work, of its divinity, and

joy to those who engage in it. "Very little. She is rather backward of the responsibility which lies upon us

May I take a minute or two to share about talking about it.""Where does to spread it throughout the earth to fill

its divine mission, and urge you, mywith you a testimony—and I hope you she come from?"And he told me, and

will not consider this egotistical, but I said, "Your wife comes from wonderbrethren, every one of you, young or consider it rather in the spirit in which ful people, great stock, pioneer stock. old, rich or poor, professional man,

it is given. I was flying across the ocean Wouldn't you like to know something clerk, or laborer, to work with your

on one occasion, and I resolved I would about the faith of your wife's people?"associates to build the kingdom, all of

try to discuss the gospel with someone And he said, "Yes."I said, "How about which I do in the name of the Lord

on that plane. We had been flying next Thursday night at seven o'clock? Jesus Christ. Amen.

JULY 1961 509 be willing to fellowship them and take the new convert being baptized should them into their arms and make them a be confirmed, as we say, at the water's part of them. edge. But where it is. possible to have

it meeting, Fast the the arranged for act a beauticonfirmation become may EXTEND missedUnfortunately,out on thatatin timesour day.we I havehave

THE HAND sometimes thought as I have heard ful act of assimilation.

it that often that to would be I have thought I have listened of confirmathe time wonderful an Iron Curif, when OF somewe almostof thehadstoriesestablished

FELLOWSHIP tain in some areas. There can be no tion arrived, and it was in the Fast

Iron Curtains in this Church. When meeting, the bishop would announce to

i the people are brought into the Church, the congregation, "Brothers and sisters, us here with the missionaries have receive them, do we and we must mustMark E. Petersen we

this they baptized Yesterday, afternoon. with shake hands merely than more

of the Council of the Twelve them and say, "How do you do."We the family of Brother and Sister John

must make them a part of our organizaJones. We are now ready to welcome

tions. They must fit into our program. them into the Church by confirming

I am very grateful, my brethren, to have We must assign them activities. They them members of the Church. We

the privilege of speaking with you must learn early to help build the would like to invite the missionaries to shortly tonight. I am very thankful for kingdom. come forward now and join us in the

this glorious song ["I Know that My Now, as I see this fellowship program circle."

Redeemer Lives"sung by Dennis with respect to the missions, it begins I have thought what a wonderful

Clancy, a Scotsman] we have just heard. with the missionaries. The missionaries thing it would be if the three members

I am sure it has made each one of us of the bishopric and the missionaries thrill with the testimony that we have who were there would stand together of the divinity of the Savior and of our in the circle and then call Brother John great love for him. I am sure, too, VACATION Jones to take the chair. The bishopric

greatlythat delighted been you have their lay jointly elders the would and these illuminatingand benefited by and BY SOLVEIG PAULSON RUSSELL his of the one head while hands upon stimulating addresses that have been missionaries actually was voice in the given by Brother [Franklin D.] Richards Vacations a time for refreshment; confirmation.

and Brother [Gordon B.] Hinckley on Vacations a time to be And I have thought what a wonderful

our missionary program. Out where you're close to nature—thing it would be after that if the

I would like to talk with you for a Where the breeze is fresh and free, bishop would reach out his hand and few moments about another phase of Where the sight is blessed with welcome Brother Jones and extend him this fellowship. missionary the program. other I have Then hand of in beauty, the

of felthe responsibility of be conthe familymind would we have members lowshiping our new members. I have And you draw, from sun and sod, firmed and welcomed in the same way.

often thought that instruction in the A wider scope for vision I think it would be wonderful after gospel without fellowship in the Church And a closer touch with God. the confirmation of a family of that

is as incomplete as baptism without conkind for the missionaries to present to firmation. It is utter folly for us to the bishop then and there, the certifiavoid or ignore the responsibility we cate of baptism and confirmation for

have of properly fellowshiping those themselves, whether stake or fulltime, each and for the bishop to stand up in who are brought into the Church. must begin the fellowship program by the Fast meeting, and say, 'We have all

I have been impressed with one other bringing their new investigators into now witnessed the confirmation of the thing, too, about our missionary proour Church meetings as early in the family of Brother and Sister John Jones.

gram, and that is that conversion cannot teaching process as is possible so that We have their certificates of baptism be limited only to instruction in the gosthe new investigators may be introduced and confirmation. All who are willing

pel doctrines. Conversion must include to the bishopric, may be introduced to to receive them now as members of our

an acceptance of us as a people and an others in the ward, may see our way of ward and fullfledged members of our acceptance of our way of life and of conducting our worship, may see the Church, will you signify?"

our mode of worship. How can a perclass of people we have in our member- I would like to see them actually vote

son be fully converted to us and our ship, may get the feel and the spirit to bring them in just as if they were work just by studying the Bible or any of the Latterday Saints. That is a new members moving in from another

of the scriptures? The people must come part of the conversion process, and as ward or another stake. It is a part of

into our meetings; they must become the missionaries do thdt, they will find the assimilation process. It makes these

a part of us; they must see what we are that it will be easier to teach them. people feel more a part of things.

doing. We must assimilate them. We Then also, as early as possible in the Then I would like to see the brother

must make them a part of us, and when teaching process, it is allimportant that in charge of the Senior Aaronic Priestwe do that, then they really become the coordinator couples whom you have hood work in the ward approach this converted and help to build the kingbeen asked to appoint be introduced to newly baptized and confirmed brother dom. these investigators so that they may beat the close of the Fast meeting and

You remember how Paul wrote to the come "friends in court,"so to speak, say, "Brother Jones, I am Brother

Ephesians: "Now therefore ye are no and then when the time for baptism Smith, and I have charge of the senior

more strangers and foreigners, but felarrives, that this coordinator couple be work for the Aaronic Priesthood in this low citizens with the saints, and of the present at the baptism and be there to ward. Now that you are a member of

household of God."(Eph. 2:19.) They, help welcome them into the Church and the Church you become automatically

very obviously, had a fellowship proto help them in the process of further eligible to join the work for the senior gram in that day. It was very necessary assimilation. brethren in the Aaronic Priesthood. Our

that the new converts Paul and his The First Presidency have told us meeting will be held next Sunday associates made should be fellowshiped that, whenever it is feasible, our new morning at 9:30. I would like to come

with the rest of the Saints, and it was converts should be confirmed in the for you next Sunday about 9:15 and

allimportant that the rest of the Saints Fast meeting. If it is not feasible then bring you to this first meeting and in510 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA

troduce you there to the rest of the give them work. We need to give them

members so that you can begin to feel activity.

a part of our group."Now, if I may take just a moment or

I believe that as soon as feasible, that two more, I would like to talk about PRESIDENT should a be ordained fellowship of this phase in another deaconman proMCKAY-the Aaronic that Priesthood so fellowship he will has been program gram. The

have the sense of belonging, so that he marvelously successful with respect to EXAMPLAR will of feel a part the priesthood. converts the missionary through If he new

tois worthy baptized, surely Brethren, equally OF be program. it can be

he should be worthy to be ordained to successful with respect to the reactivaMISSIONARY priesthood.the tion are being reprogram. As people

All of this is part of the assimilation activated into the again Church, we SERVICE process. I believe, if I may go back a must learn to fellowship them, just as President Henry D. Moyle

thatfew steps, converts. it would will fellowship be a wonderful new The we

forthing Society the Relief of of the First Presidency reactivated people to are just in need as much be brought into the assimilation profeeling a part of things as the new gram even before baptism. Is there convert, and there are many reactivated

any reason why Sister Jones, the inpeople who will feel just as. strange It was my great pleasure fiftytwo years

vestigator, could not be invited to come in the Church surroundings as will a ago to be met by the President's younger to Relief Society and be escorted there new convert. Some of them may feel brother, William M. McKay, in Zurich,

by one of the class leaders, or by one more strange because they have a past Switzerland. It was he who was the

of the officers in the Relief Society? And record that would make them feel ill district president at that time in Zurich,

then as she is baptized, she is already and it was also he who taught me a in the habit of coming to Relief Society. good deal about missionary work that

She will just continue on. It eases the BALLERINA has stayed with me until this day. At

president was of transition.process that mission time is already in She my

BY GILEAN DOUGLAS I Relief E.the will under McKay, Society. She Thomas whom now continue to be in the Relief Society. served throughout my mission.

The same thing is true with the SunThat premiere danseuse, the rain, I was very happy last evening, or the day School and with the Sacrament Toesteps down the silver stair evening before, to pick up the April meeting. The missionaries and the coOf cloud as though it wasn't there issue of The Improvement Era and find

ordinating couple will introduce these And stops to give a practice swirl that the father of these three great men

Presipeople in 1881, to the School went on a mission Sunday to the and when skirts pearl all platinum and Of seven, dent before meeting baptism.Sacrament O. and was even David McKay height a hilltop before Upon his E. brother, will begin to get into McKay, wasThey Thomas the them

habit of coming. The transition is made She swanflights to the valley floor five. He also left his beloved wife.

easy because they continue doing the To dance a crop ballet that's worth Near the conclusion of his mission he things they have already been doing. And All the glad applause of earth. wrote a letter. It was dated February

likewise with the Primary and the MIA. 12, 1883, and was to John Henry Smith,

They are some of the finest missionary president at that time of the European organizations we have in the whole at ease as they come into the meetings. and of the British Missions. I am sure

Church and have brought thousands of And as they are reactivated, are they that that letter, which was published people into the Church. Their contacts going to be left cold, off to themselves? at the time in the Millennial Star of

may well begin before baptism. If we are going to erect an Iron Curtain March 12, 1883, is as inspirational to

If we all work together, not only on against a man just because he happens us this evening as it was when it was the conversion process but also on the to smell of cigarets, are we going to written by the wonderful father of fellowship process, we will hold on to convert him to the gospel? Wc must these great men.

our converts. But would it not be a terfellowship the reactivated ones just as I read but a part, because I want you

rible tragedy if we were to bring thoumuch as we need to fellowship the all to read the entire article: "The spirit

sands into the Church and then lose newly converted ones. of gathering appears to be increasing

a number of them because we failed to So I invite your attention, brethren, among the Saints, causing them to draw do our work in fellowshiping these new to a twofold fellowship program in the near to their Heavenly Father and to people as they come in? Church: first, a sincere effort to felloweach other. This manifest increase of

Brethren of the priesthood, I appeal to ship all these new converts who are faith and good works among the Saints you. Fellowship these new people. Let coming in; and second, a sincere effort is being felt for good, throughout the

them feel a part of us. Let them fit to fellowship the reactivated ones as we circle that the worthy Saints move in,

into our organizations. As they grow in bring them in. Fellowship means salvaamong the honest in heart. Baptisms

faith, they will want to grow in works. tion. Without it we may lose these are becoming more frequent. The numWe must all remember that faith withreactivated ones, and we may lose our ber of our traveling elders has been

out works is dead. It is so true of our new converts. reduced somewhat, but no doubt Presiassimilation or fellowship program. So brethren, let us organize into a dent Smith will remember Scotland

These people may be full of faith as great fellowship movement. Let us hold when wisdom dictates to send us more

they come into the Church, but if they out the hand of fellowship to every one help."That is one of the classic senare left without works or activity will of these reactivated ones, and the new tences in Mormon literature. I want

their faith not die? converts. Let us fellowship them to read it again, and I hope everyone

I talked with one couple one time through the organizations and make of you will develop within your heart who complained because they had been them a part of us because the Lord so that sort of spirit, that sort of attitude told by the bishop that they could not directs. They are to be "... fellow toward the leadership of the Church,

be assigned to any work for six months citizens with the saints, and of the and assume just as David McKay back after baptism, and I thought what a household of God."in 1883, when this letter was written,

tragedy. Faith without works is dead, That we may accomplish this is my assumed, that the Brethren know what

and faith without activity can die in humble and earnest desire in the name they are doing.

new converts. Therefore we need to of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. "The number of our traveling elders

JULY 1961 511 has been reduced somewhat, but no the attitude of apology that these guiding hand and acknowledged his doubt President Smith will remember Christian men and women assumed overruling Providence, when replacing

Scotland when wisdom dictates to send concerning God, their Creator, and his our judgment by his inspiration, he us more help. We need elders of strong Son, Jesus Christ."moved us to do something which our

faith, or with some money in their Upon this trip, and many subsequent own judgment had told us not to do, possession. Both is best, providing they ones, he had many and varied experisubsequent events proving that the inhave wisdom to exercise both at the ences; for instance, he rededicated the spiration came in rich abundance in

same time; but our experience has conHoly Land for the return of Israel there, the priesthood meetings with the misveyed the idea to our mind, that, with and to the preaching of the gospel. He sionaries....

cash in the pocket, faith in a measure also dedicated the land of China for the "Again, when among the Samoans, is allowed to take a rest."(Improvement preaching of the gospel. He himself we felt his presence on several occasions,

Era, April 1961, p. 278 citing Millennial preached the gospel on the high seas, especially in that memorable farewell

Star, Vol. 45, p. 173.) near volcanoes, in waste places, on at Sauniatu."(Cherished Experiences,

Well, I have been very much tempted mountains, and in the earth's beautiful pp. 134135.) He then relates how they

to read more, but I want you all to valleys. He lived intimately with nawere directed to Elder Joseph Wilford

read it for yourselves. It is a marvelous tives in most of the European countries, Booth in Armenia, and he was directed

letter, and the letter which the Era in the Holy Land, Armenia, China, New to meet them—Brothers McKay andpublished, which David McKay wrote Cannon—with no suggestion of time or

and which was published in the Ogden place suggested, yet they did meet in a newspaper on his return, is another miraculous way.

classic. He also relates how a Chinese brother

Now I have a distinct and definite whom he knew was transformed from a purpose in my mind tonight to read wouldbe murderer to a man of love the appraisal of President life his David peace, dedicated and and who QUILT O. THE PATCHWORK as a missionary. ThisMcKay gospel, has been fortune to the happy was made BY CECIL COBB WESLEY

atwritten request by a former like mishis my spread a conhappiness and sion 'president. He says that since betagion through the Spirit of the Lord

ginning his world travels in 1920, when Sew July on the patchwork quilt. Jesus Christ.

under direction of President Heber J. Briarstitch the edges The abovementioned experiences reGrant and counselors and the Quorum With blackberries by the old field veal the spirit that accompanied and

of the Twelve, President David O. roads prompted President McKay as he purElder andMcKay Hugh his J. Cannon missionary extended work. In were And dewberries in the hedges. sued

visitassigned to missions and various these experiences the he has witnessed lands around the earth. President degradation and suffering because of a

McKay has undoubtedly traveled wider lack of knowledge of gospel principles.

and farther than any other missionary. In contrast, he has seen the blessings,

Speaking of these beginnings, Presijoy, peace, power, and happiness, eVen dent McKay says: "When we left home miracles, resulting from the acceptance

December 4, 1920, we looked forward and living of the gospel. Because of

with no little misgiving and anxiety to Zealand, Australia, Tonga, Samoa, these experiences he has come to realize the trip ahead of us. It was no simple Hawaii, in South American countries, that the world's greatest need is the

matter to contemplate traveling to the and in others, but he lived, not only hearing and the living of the gospel

Orient, hence to the Antipodes, much of with natives in these places, but also of the Master.

that distance to be spent on the water. with educators, professional men and Indeed, it is this realization that has

The keen sense of responsibility adewomen, statesmen, officials, and others. impelled his late extensive travels that

quately to fulfill the desires of President In all these relations did he ever have have fired him to construct numerous

Grant and his Counselors and the any serious contention or strife? He meetinghouses and temples throughout

Twelve who had honored us with that spread the spirit of love and respect the world, namely that the gospel may call, made us seek the Lord as I have and received the same in return, and be more effectively preached and taught never sought him before in my life, his name is held as a symbol of love and to the world, and, I might say, he has and I wish to say this afternoon that the peace in the countries where he has a deepseated desire in his heart that all promise made by Moses to the children traveled. The spirit of inspiration was of these members who are baptized after

of Israel just before they crossed the heavy upon him, so that through him their conversion, and who are fellowJordan River into the Promised Land miracles were performed as in the days shiped into the Church should have the has been fulfilled in our experience, as of old by Peter and others of the apostles. blessing of the full Church program.

we sought the Lord with all our souls. Of this spirit President McKay says: It is not difficult to follow such a

He came to our guidance and assistance. "Inspiration was given to us on our great leader, and such a great missionIt may be that the realization of our world tour of the missions of the ary. I want to take just a minute to

dependence upon him made more Church. say that this direction, of which Elders

prominent what seems to me to be a "I want to testify to you that God Petersen, Hinckley, and Richards have deplorable tendency of the world to was with us when we stood beneath spoken of tonigbt, has come from the disregard, even to disown, their relathe old tree in China when we dediheart of this great missionary. I have

tionship to our Heavenly Father. It is cated that land to the preaching of the heard many say that they wonder if

our privilege to hear educators and other gospel. My words may not convince there has ever been a greater missionary

prominent men speak in different places you of the fact, but no disputant can in the Church. It has come from his

and upon different occasions, and to convince me that our souls were not heart and so has inspiration from the mingle with different classes of men and filled to overflowing with the Spirit of Almighty that every member of this women on boats, for we spent a total of God on that occasion.... Church should be a missionary, and

five months on the water, sailing in "I knew of his protecting care in the especially that every man holding the about 23 different vessels, each vessel Tongan Islands; for when the vessel Holy Priesthood of God should be a miswell crowded with all classes of tourists, was submerged by a mountainous wave, sionary, and that now extends itself to

most of whom were confessed Christians. we felt peace and security.

"Frequently we were grieved to note "At Papeete, Tahiti, we knew his (Continued on page 520)

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY 1961 to: YouthMemo

From: Era of Youth Editors

John Trebonious was a teacher in a German boys'school many years ago when schools were very formal and sometimes teachers were required to wear robes and hats (something like graduation outfits today) when they taught their classes. Professor Trebonious did not wear his hat in class

and was asked to explain why he did not. He answered that he felt that he

should keep his hat off in the presence of so many promising, excellent young men. "Among those who sit before me,"he said, "there may be some who will one day accomplish great things, lead nations, or even affect the history of the world. I take off my hat in respectfulness for what they are and

what they may become."There was sitting at his feet as his pupil at that

very time a little boy named Martin Luther, a boy who grew to great manhood and literally affected the history of mankind.

This is how the editors of the Era of Youth feel about you!

For though we don't know all about all of you, we know enough that is good about many of you to make us feel like John Trebonious did. We

want to take off our hats to you.

We're impressed with all that is good and strong and virtuous and loyal in you. We've observed that you want to do well; to be good for something;

to be counted among the worthwhile and the accomplished. In this issue

of the Era of Youth we pay tribute to your service, your spirituality, your scholarly interests, and your good sense of fun.

So, hats off to you, Youth Marion D. Hanks

Elaine Cannon Editors, Era of Youth What people are saying about you

1 d "... the most encouraging progress of the Church during

the last year is seen in the increased numbers of young people participating in Church activity. We hear much about the

delinquency and incorrigibility of youth. I desire to say a

word... about their corrigibility, as we have seen it and noticed

it in visiting in different parts of the Church."

President David O. McKay

April Conference,, 1961

Greatness in men seems to reflect dynamic qualities developed during their youth. The youth of today are meeting

their challenges with faith, courage, and determination. We commend you for keeping yourselves "unspotted from the world,"

as evidenced by your leadership in attendance at Sacrament

,, Presiding.,. Bishopric. meeting and other Church activities. mThe

Joseph L. Wirthlin

Thorpe B. Isaacson

Carl W. Buehner

From throughout the world comes love, praise, and appreciation of the active participation of our wonderful youth in

Sunday School worship services and classes. We are proud of

what you do, what you learn, and how you serve.

George R. Hill

General Superintendent Deseret Sunday School Union

We note with appreciation the large number of young men preparing through clean living and study to go on missions young people who work and go to school and participate in activities and studentbody athletes who give government—young

their last ounce of energy for school, church, and team.

Joseph T. Bentley

General Superintendent YMMIA Bertha S. Reeder

General President YWMIA

I salute the 62,000 young men and women of high school age who study the word of the Lord in the seminaries of the

Church as a part of their education for life. These constitute

the greatest generation our world has known.

William E. Berrett

Vice President in charge of Religious Instruction Brigham Young University

This is the way you invest your humanity This is the way you help others, in love and humility,:: l; without thought of compliment, payment,

or reciprocal treatment.

This is the way you soiv good services and reap

sweet remembrances.

This is the %vay you serve...

volunteer aid work in hospitals,

reading to the sick,

tottending on temple night,

cutting lawn or shoveling snow for widows,

doing kitchen duty at the ward banquet, setting up chairs for the program (and putting them away again),

branding cattle at stake welfare farms, cleaning up ward buildings and grounds,

painting nursery chairs,

helping out in Junior Sunday School and Primary,

participating in rag drives,

Santa subbing, painting scenery and applying makeup for MIA productions,

harvesting and haying, cultivating and canning,

giving loyal support by BEING there when needed.

More and more teens, in more and more ways, are

experiencing the quiet joy of serving their fellow men. How about you?

Always in times past the Lord has raised up strong men and women to lead and serve his cause. A fair appraisal of the spiritual strength,

character, and moral fiber of the fine young people of the Church

today gives sound reason to believe that he is preparing a generation

which will successfully meet the great challenges that lie ahead;

for instance, consider that:

Attendance of youth at priesthood, SacraSunday School and MIA enrollment is the ment, and auxiliary meetings averages well largest in history.

over 60%, far higher than adult attendance.

Many serve as officers and teachers of auxilFamily nights and family prayers and family iary organizations; pay tithes and offerings; councils, traditions, and experiences are

ivork to build chapels. often fostered'and encouraged and led by

the young.

Recreational activities attract the interest of

Thousands of you are enrolled in institute most of you. Athletics, drama, dancing,

and seminary classes, many involving travel forensics r music, hiking, and camping enlist that requires getting up and on the way by great numbers in a program of spiritualized six or sixthirty in the morning, or even recreation, doing wholesome things under earlier. favorable circumstances with devoted, qualified leaders.

More than 8,000 missionaries are in fulltime, Uncounted numbers of you are serving as uncompensated service away from home, organists or pianists in Church groups, or many of you not yet twenty years old. Others leading music, or performing in singing

serve stake missions. groups or as soloists.

Large numbers of young men visit families Every young person who is willing is given monthly as ward teachers with older comopportunity to participate in speaking and panions, or gather fast offerings, or fill other praying and service opportunities in Church special assignments. service.

Church iv elfare and other service projects regularly attract the efforts of tens of thouthe HATs Off girls throughout boys and sands of

Church. TO YOUTH

In short, you young people in the Church are finding your motivations and satisfactions in responsible participation in family, Church, and community activities. Hats off to your wisdom

and wit and willingness!

"'i/m

Mr. Joseph T. Bentley

General Superintendent YMMIA

Dear Brother Bentley:

You would have enjoyed a great spiritual experience if you had been with us

in the dressing room after our team lost the championship game Friday night. The

boys were disappointed, of course, but there was no bitterness nor self or team

condemnation. There was only great appreciation for the wonderful experience they

had had together as friends and for their opportunity to represent their ward and

stake in the tournament.

Their coach said, "Men, we lost to a great team. You did well. We can be

grateful for the good times we've had, for the bonds of friendship we have formed,

for the privilege of playing together and being in this tournament. We began each

game with a prayer for help to do our best and be good sports, and the Lord has

blessed us. Bishop Brooks, will you offer a prayer of thanks and a benediction

on our experience together?"

It was one of the greatest soullifting events I have ever experienced, to

see such victory come out of what others might call a depressing defeat. If the

other 2,000 teams and 20,000 men who participated in this program closed their

season of play with the same spirit, then I would say the Church has realized the

great objective of its program for "spiritualized recreation."

What a force for righteous living in the Church and the world!

Sincerely, faithfully,

president BYU Stake

"**fe Dozens of teens excitedly rushed

forward after the concert to shake

hands with guest conductor Pierre Monteux.

Some had played in the orchestra

hundreds had listened enthralled.

Today's teens love the arts.

At the end of judging a statewide

high school art competition of painting, graphics,

sculpture, and advertising art, Roscoe Grover,

a judge, said, "I saw this exhibit three

years ago and was thrilled, but I'm even more

excited this time. I'm amazed at the

variety and freshness of the pieces, the

creativity of these kids."

More of you teens than ever before

are today: doing your own knitting, reading

and writing poetry, painting, sculpturing,

collecting art prints, playing musical

instruments (guitars are now second to

pianos), singing in quartets or ward

choirs, creating exhibits for science

fairs, composing and arranging music, in

short, doing some imaginative

thinking.

My old battered hat's off to you.

JANET BOY ONUMENT PARK PAUL ENGEMAN MONUMENT PARK WEST WA s....

The look of you is one of fashion awareness, to be sure. But it is also

one of modesty and good taste, of cleanliness and individuality. Compromising with personal standards or succumbing to extremes in

style or price, simply aren't problems with the smartest among you.

Q: When is fun more fun than ever?

A: When you LDS teens are in the middle of it. You add spa

JP m

Ho

sj unj-}! }noqe iqnop on "AeS3 '3 -suea; sq| i|}jm os ajow

rkle and zest to the simplest gathering of the clan

Z5 Q Q CD

O qo CD 3o oc CO——o ZT O—k w o CD< CD

CfQ CO

O

CD Q CD pil8'|9A9| L|!L| '9lU0S9|0l|M )j Cl99>) nO;uni ui vuetu HATS OFF

ro YOUTH I'd like to Conversation know Piece

QUESTION: The question is quite JUST IN CASE YOU FEEL LEFT OUT...

often asked and maybe needn't be rejust in case you might have an inkling peated, but I'd like your answer. that you aren't measuring up to allWhy is so much attention given to the

negative side of thingsto the "bad the tributes paid to youth in this actor,"the irresponsible teen, the month's Era of Youth... there is no

dropout, the delinquent? Why don't time like the present for taking a

we hear more about the blessings that second look at yourself, evaluating follow responsibility and obedience, your activities, your dreams and your and about the many who are enjoying these blessings? goals, your habits and abilities,

your friends and your accomplishments.

TOSS YOUR HAT... into the ring of school

ANSWER: My experience is that most events,projects.wardLatchaffairs,on tocivica service,hobby thatand familyoffers

parents and teachers and others who work opportunity for creative expression—even finwith young people do have strong sentiger painting will do! Wake up and get with

me?its of confidence and faith in youth. it. Accept the challenge of living up to your

Certainly the leaders of the Church do. full potential. You'll be glad you did.

Perhaps there is some overemphasis on the problems that come to people who are lessKOOKIEandCOAT...collarlesssleevebut

not obedient to the commandments of the not buttonless. It's the

Lord, who are not true to their own high newest, friendliest teen ideals and wonderful possibilities. If this fad to stitch up a denim

topper and decorate it is true, it is because we see so much of the gaily with buttons of all tragedy and heartbreak that follow foolkinds, sizes, and colors.

ishness or sinfulness. Teens collect buttons

from their friends, so the President McKay's great affirmation of garb has sentimental youth's "corrigibility,"along ivith other value at least!

statements of confidence made at the last

FESTIVE FREE SPREE... Laurels andgeneral conference, and this ''Hats Off to

Ensigns of Cassia Stake in Idaho, aren'tYouth"issue, should supply some of what content ivith just any old get together.

is asked for in this question. They put forth the extra effort for a speThe "Era of Youth"is dedicated to fostercial event and then really enjoy the fruits

ing and emphasizing the ivholesome and of their labors. Their recent Hawaiian

worthwhile in the young. This issue is an luau featured palm trees, leis, grass skirts,

example of our feelings in the matter. bunches of people and pineapple.

M D H VSyPm'&*

] - ''': '-:''-':'. I

?:w ****,"&!& *mjSmE[

S I

p i -

Til * PINES

BY PRESIDENT S. DILWORTH YOUNG

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

The treeclad mountains of New Hampshire are Monadnock, a great mountain to the north veiled in deceptive in their ruggedness. Under the disguise of clouds and brooding over the valley. Mr. Sloane and

copse, trailing vine, and verdure, are the hard, tough his boys selected building sites for his home, and granites of their primeval beginnings. At Ringe, the their future homesites.

home of the "Cathedral of the Pines"this harshness Things began to happen. A hurricane ripped

is well concealed. In the spring the flowering trees through the countryside and leveled all of the trees

exhibit a pastel taste of what the fall will be like. in the valley, leaving untouched those on the hill.

Soon the colors fade into the delicate green of opening Then, during the war, Sanderson Sloane, one of buds. Then follows the deep, concealing green of Douglas Sloane's sons, was killed in action over

summer. No hint is given of what is to come. It is Germany.

in late September and early October that the trees Mr. and Mrs. Sloane, desiring to create a memorial

seem to stir themselves, then burst forth into a riot which would keep alive the memory and the ideals of color, each trying to outdo the others in depth and of their son and other sons who lost their lives, convariety of palate. structed the "Cathedral of the Pines."It stands at the

One day Douglas Sloane stood with his sons on the spot where they originally stood when choosing shoulder of a hill. From where they stood the land their homesites.

breaks sharply into a little valley in which nestles a The cathedral, an outdoor amphitheater, is laid in lake, glaciated millenniums ago. The vegetation hid the midst of a grove of pine trees, their interlacing

these beauties from their eyes. However, they could, branches forming the ceiling and giving constant

by choosing the right spot, catch a glimpse of old shade to its occupants. (Continued on page 534)

JULY 1961 513 Igor Gorin portrays Brigham Young in Musical Drama.

"All Faces West"

| The 1300mile journey of Utah's emigrant pioneers, a program to present during the annual July celebrafrom Nauvoo, Illinois, to the great Salt Lake Valley tion that would fulfil the function of a festival honin 184647, is one of the boldest migrations in human oring the valiant settlers rather than the traditional history. The spirit of this trek is portrayed in the rodeos and parades. Professor Parry's wife, Helen

musicdrama, All Faces West, which will be produced Talmage Parry, wrote the lyrics, which have become in Ogden, Utah, July 21, 22, and 23, for the eleventh almost as famous as the music itself.

straight year. The selection of Igor Gorin for the role of Brigham

The production has become firmly established as a Young became one of the happiest decisions involved regular feature of Utah's July celebrations that honor in the pageant. Mr. Gorin was a great artist with a

the pioneers, and each year many thousands come worldwide following. But he was more. An admirer of

to Ogden to enjoy the musical performance which the great pioneer leader he was to portray, Mr. Gorin

features Igor Gorin, the internationally known bariwas able to project the spiritual note behind the drama.

tone singer, in the role of Brigham Young. It was largely because of the baritone's national

Two years ago, the musical pageant was produced importance that the musicdrama soon enjoyed wide in several New Zealand cities, where it was sponsored recognition, for he sings some of the songs throughby the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints out the country while on his annual concert tours.

through arrangements made by President David O.

The pageant is performed by large casts of volunMcKay. The show was staged by the Maoris and teer singers, actors, and dancers, who spend many

other good singers in the islands.

weeks rehearsing. "A paid cast could not make this

"The production has appeal enough in its musical story come to you straight from the heart as do our account of pioneer times in America, but what gives it home town volunteers who love the pioneers and that added plus is that it was spiritually inspired,"their traditions,"stated H. Frederick Davis, director

once declared Dr. Clarence W. Hall, who saw the of the Southern California Mormon Choir, who has

performance in Ogden a number of years ago when served as musical director of All Faces West for sevhe came to Utah to write a story of the life of Igor eral years.

Gorin for the Reader's Digest. Observed Dr. Hall,

"... the music is haunting, I can't get it out of my Great dancing sequences that portray the attack

mind. The variety of the emotions of the score is on the pioneers'crops by crickets, colorful stage

wonderful—from the grief of the trekkers at the gravespectacles, and large casts depicting the ragged treksides, their fun—dancing around the campfire, the kers never fail to move the audiences.

enthusiasm in conquering a wilderness."This year the performances will be staged in a

Composer Roland Parry is a professor of music at natural setting of fields and hills in a new location

Weber College in Ogden. He wrote the saga at the in the northeast part of Ogden, which is expected to

request of a number of officials in Ogden who wanted enhance its appeal.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fiftyyears ofsummer camping

Fifty years of summer camping for formally turned over to the four Quilts, dish towels, wash cloths were

MIA girls makes quite a record. The stakes: Pioneer, Ensign, Liberty, and contributed to the home by the girls,

introduction of this project unSalt Lake. The general board served their mothers, and the leaders of the

doubtedly belongs to Sister Emily H. in an advisory capacity, and the stakes who directed the home. And

Higgs, YWMIA stake president of stakes called into activity the priestchanges came in the home—addiLiberty Stake, and later a member hood to assist them in this venture. tions, remodeling, painting, etc., etc.,

of the YWMIA general board. As The stake appointees included Sarah so that a constant vigilance and

Sister Higgs reported, "During the J. Anderson and Pearl Crockett of activities were essential.

winter months of 1911 and 1912, the Pioneer Stake, with D. E. Hammond Meanwhile other summer homes

stake board of Liberty Stake Mutual from the priesthood presidency; were established in the various stakes

began their plans for a summer Lydia McKendrick and Lucile Barker of the Church: Utah, Alpine, Logan,

camp...."Together with the stake from the Ensign Stake, with William Cache, Bear Lake, Ogden, Box

priesthood president, Hugh J. Can- A. Shepherd from the stake priestElder, Pocatello, Bear River, and

non, the stake presidency selected a hood; Blanche Musser and Ida M. Cottonwood also began their sumsite and prepared it for the girls to Kirkham from Liberty Stake with mer homes. By. 1925 seven YWMIA

enjoy as a camp in the summer of Edward M. Ashton the priesthood homes were available for the girls,

1912. representative; Ida M. Felt and and almost three thousand of them

Sister Higgs stated, "Three camp Sarah E. Holt with Wilford A. Beeshad spent their vacations in the

rules were made—and obeyed: Girls ley from the Salt Lake Stake homes. By 1927, 4,500 girls had atmust be present and ready for meals priesthood presidency. This protended the various camps, and in two

at the appointed time; girls must not cedure has been followed in the stakes the plan had been extended

leave camp without permission of years following. Stake presidents to include two hundred and thirty

their leader; the camp must be kept have been most helpful; in fact, it mothers in special programs.

sanitary and left clean."is improbable that the summer camp When Sister Bertha S. Reeder beLiberty Glen functioned as a sumprogram could have succeeded withcame general president of the

mer home for the girls from 1911 to out the wise guidance of the many YWMIA in April 1948, she and her 1915. From this beginning the stake presidents who have taken an counselors began the work of conmovement in 1918 was introduced by interest "beyond the line of duty"version to a summer program and

the YWMIA general board for the to encourage this activity for their the encouragement of the camping

Church "(1) to give the young peoyoung women. activity. General President Reeder

ple something to do to protect, The raising of the money for the has emphasized that she desires each interest, and instruct them during MIA Brighton Girls'Home was ingirl in the Mutual to have a camping the vacation; (2) to keep alive in dicative of plans used by many other experience. During her administratheir hearts a desire to assist in the stakes in their moneyraising protion the number of homes has innational crisis of that day and ingrams for their summer homes. creased to almost forty, and nearly

form them upon the subjects perHome talent programs, fourstake every stake has access to some camptaining to the Allies and their condicarnival, a radio program, and sewsite for the camping program of tions and interests."1 ing projects began to fill the coffers its girls.

In June 1919 the summer camp for the house. With generous conOne woman expressed herself concommittee of the general board tributions from some of the board cerning her own camping experience

called a meeting of the Salt Lake members and priesthood members as a girl, "It was one of the greatest life. We learnedCity stakes concerning the building the MIA Brighton Home progressed. experiences of my

of a girls'summer home. The search August 18, 1922 the celebration at to give and take, to plan and work

for a suitable site led the committee Brighton was held—even though the with a community of interest that

to select land at Brighton, which girls had to use tents since the house has made me a more understanding could be leased for a nominal sum wasn't quite finished. The spirit of person as I have grown older."

from the government. the location was felt nonetheless, Camping is an on going activity

the following has in the impetus year and by been home YWMIA—and

in leaders completed. the In November 1921 the project was was given not end was The by the devoted

aThe Improvement Era, Vol. 24 (March 1918), yet. The program began again of past to insure its continuance in the

p. 662. making things for the home itself. years to come.

JULY 1961 515 From the Presiding Bishopric's Office

Sacrament Meeting Everybody's Responsibility

The quality of the Sacrament meeting is the receive, but to give or contribute. He realizes that

responsibility of every member of the ward. The sucthe success of the meeting, at least for himself, decess of it doesn't depend entirely upon the excellence pends upon his contribution to make it successful.

of the speaker or his message or the supporting His is the spirit of service. He looks to the needs of

program, important as these are. A good choir conthose about him. He glows with a spirit of friendlitributes greatly to the spirit of worship, and every ness and considers himself on the committee to greet

ward should have one, but many marvelous Sacrament others, especially strangers, and make them feel meetings have been held without the aid of a choir. welcome. He sings the congregational songs with

When the meeting is conducted and the Sacrament enthusiasm and spirit, and he wilfully lifts himself administered and passed with dignity and order, it into the presence of God in the opening and closing is wonderful; but a meeting need not fail even in prayers and during the Sacrament. He prays for

the absence of these conditions. and pulls values from the speakers and from those

Perhaps the greatest contributing factor to the sucwho sing and play.

cess of a Sacrament meeting is the individual radiation Those who come only to get frequently go from of worshipful enthusiasm of each member in the Sacrament meeting disappointed. They proclaim

attendance. it a failure and criticize others for its shortcomings.

"Let your light so shine before men, that they may Those who consider the Sacrament meeting their resee your good works, and glorify your Father which sponsibility and come to contribute to its success by is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.) letting their lights shine, attune themselves with the

Spirit of God and receive back in rich measure. They

The Savior's admonition to his disciples indicates commune with God and renew their covenants by that there is an essence or a light that emanates from partaking of the Sacrament. These values alone are

each individual and touches the lives of those with sufficiently rewarding. The knowledge they receive

whom he comes in contact. This light in some is from the speaker and the joy they get from the provery weak arid in others exceedingly strong and grams are wonderful byproducts.

forceful. The intensity of this light depends upon the The success of the Sacrament meeting collectively

will of the individual and his developed ability to depends upon each individual's coming to contribute emanate it. silently or otherwise by letting his marvelous light

The person whose light is glowing with intensity shine with intensity. Its success to you individually

comes to Sacrament meeting, not primarily to get or depends primarily upon you.

LIBERTY

BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

The subject "Liberty"is considered trite, "If this be treason..."and "Is life so dear

And few are left who dare to write a rhyme... to be bought at the price of chains?"my heart

In tribute to all that our freedom cost, Lifts as their speech reechoes in my ear,

To eulogize a more heroic time. And my eye renews the path they dared to chart.

Yet, recalling now the fearful, shadowed years Each lip should utter—to its dying breath—

When our forbears strained beneath the yoke This... "Give me liberty... or give me death."

Of foreignbred dominion, proudly I recall

With reverence the words that many spoke:

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hebrew Idioms tempest, by fire, and by smoke, and Hebrew. Thomas Brookbank has obvapor of darkness, and by the openserved that there are only some sixty

different of the earth, or adjectives, seventy and by mountains not (Continued from page 497) ing 19 shall counting which up."demonstranumerals be carried and

unto God.""There is one other facet of idiotives, in the first five chapters which

In addition to the frequent use of matic usage in the Small Plates that cover about eleven pages. 22 This

the conjunction and to join sentences one might tend to overlook, the means that there are only about in Hebrew, it is also common for limited vocabulary, which is comseven different adjectives a page in and to stand before each word in a patible with Hebrew usage. Stuthe initial part of the Book of

series as is seen in Genesis 20:14 or dents of the Old Testament have Mormon.

1 Samuel 13:20.'- This characteristic noted that the working vocabulary The Book of Mormon continues to

usage is found many times in the in the Old Testament is comparachallenge the minds as well as the

Book of Mormon, a few examples of tively small. Many rare words do spirits of men. There are as many

which are here given: "The pointers occur in some of the books such as facets to its study as there are per-

... in the ball... did work according Job, but the average prose vocabusons with variant backgrounds and

to the faith diligence and is and heed lary B. interests. meager. This article 20 Dr. Sidney an has been

1 give untowhich them."we did field Sperry that observed has attempt to indicate the wealthy Isaiah em-

"They will reject him, because of ploys a larger vocabulary than any in the Book of Mormon for the studv their iniquities, and the hardness of other prophet of the Old Testament of idioms. It is granted that any of

their hearts, their the stiffness of and this of in total taken idioms as a the book that words the and number necks."also 14 (See 2 Nephi is 26:3; single impressive item cursory words. not uses be he 2,186 may 21 A

28:12, 14; and 5:17.) count of the vocabulary of the enbut, considered collectively, the mass

Another characteristic employment tire Book of Mormon indicates the of such items gives evidence that the of this same conjunction is that if use of approximately 2,696 root Book of Mormon is what it claims several nouns are coupled by its use, words. By root word is meant the to be—an authentic product of the

the possessive pronoun, if used, must basic word from which come all Near East.

1 "'repeated withbe each noun. This

principle of usage is demonstrated FOOTNOTES in the Small Plates: "... for he truly

testified of their wickedness and their Joseph Smith, History of the Church abominations;"1 ""... And he left Every language is a temple, in ofLakeJesusCity:ChristThe ofDeseretLatterdayBook SaintsCo., 1946)( Salt

his house, and the land of his inwhich the soul of those who speak I, P- I- heritance, his his gold, and and 17 is enshrined. are"Ibid.,mine. p. 71. Italics throughout article..."things, precioussilver, and his

"1 Ne. 1:4."... slaying food by the way, with -O. W. Holmes 4Morm.our 9:33. our arrows and and our bows 5William Chomsky, Hebrew. The Eternal

18stones our slings."and (Philadelphia: Language PubThe Jewish

Parenthetically, it is observed that lication Society of America, 1957), p. 160.

"A. B. Davidson, Syntax (3d Hebrewsimilarly the preposition is repeated

T. Clark, reprinted Edinburgh: T. &before each word when 159. p. several derivatives: the verb, noun, adjeced.;1950),

words are united under the power tive, and so on. For example, 7See also 1 Sam. 14:40; Gen. 43:8.

of the preposition. A few instances prophecies, prophecy, prophesied, 81 Ne. 3:9, 10; 5:20; 7:2, 3, 22; 22:31.

are cited from the Old Testament prophesies, prophesieth, prophesy, A. B. Davidson, An Introductory Heed.; (24th York: Grammar Newfirst: "I will betroth prophesyings, prophet brew them unto me prophesying,

Charles Scribner's Sons, n.d. p. 2. ),in righteousness, (s), and prophetess, in judgment, and for the purpose

and in lovingkindness, and in merof tabulation, were all considered as 10Davidson, Hebrew Syntax, p. 184.

7:1519. uJac. See also 1 Ne. 3:8-11;

29. 1:28,cies."(Hosea 2:19.) (See also one word because they derive from Om.

Genesis 40:2; 2 Samuel 6:5; and the same root stem. Davidson, Hebrew Syntax, p. 184.

Hosea 2:17.) The Small Plates conOne consequence of the limited 131 Ne. 16:28.

tain rule. this is of In vocabulary examples many a notable of Hebrew 142 25:12. Ne. "... if lack of adjectives. the It reads 14:11 Nephi one appear may 15Davidson, Hebrew Syntax, p. 2.

to shallGentiles the the hearken unto Englishspeaking lfl reader that l 1:19. Ne.

is shall in there of that he an of descriptive abundance God dayLamb 17Ibid., 2:4.

inmanifest himself word, words unto phrases them and in the TestaOld 18Ibid., 16:15.

..."deed. also in in ment, very these power, but adjectivesand apparent

19Ibid., 19:11. Ibid., also See 1:16,

is are in achievedAnother example through devious found 1 Nephi means 1 18:25; Ne. 1:18, 5:15, 6:15, 31:21;

"...16:23: the wherefore I did employed by and arm Hebrew mv- 1:8. are Jar.

self with a bow and an arrow, with not true adjectives as we understand 20Davidson, Hebrew Grammar, p. 2.

a sling and with stones."On one them. Therefore, authentic adjec21Sidney B. Sperry, The Voice of Israel's

occasion Nephi quoted the Prophet tival phrases appearing in English Prophets (Salt Lake City: Deseret Book

Zenos as saying that translations of the Old Testament are Company, 1952), p. 15, citing G. L. Robin-

"The Lord God surely shall visit not always such in Hebrew. son, The Book of Isaiah, p. 23.

all the house of Israel at that day... It is of interest that the usage of Idioms"Thomasand AnalogiesW. Brookbank,in the Book"Hebrewof Morand others with the thunderings and adjectives in the Small Plates follows mon,"The Improvement Era, XVII ( 1914),

the lightnings of his power, by the pattern of Old Testament p. 975.

JULY 1961 517 The Lost Is Found tall, shady trees looked to Tom like They were typical Mormon farmers;

an oasis in the desert. He stepped common people living the principles

(Continued from page 501) from the car as he bade the welfare of their faith. They had sixty head

officer goodbye and walked slowly of milk cows, a small, neat home, committee office as he awaited their up to the man approaching him. It and enough land to meet their

decision. Now, separation from his proved embarrassing and yet warm needs. They believed in quality,

small brother seemed like another and friendly when the man put his however, and that same quality was of many injustices heaped upon him. arm around Tom's shoulder and said, injected into their two adopted teenThe committee had talked of send- "You're our boy now."Tom had age sons. Tom was given a calf of

ing the lad to reform school but debeen told that these people were his own which later placed second cided, at the last moment, to send Mormons and felt that the strange in the California State Fair. The

him to a foster home instead. action was probably due to that. pride of possession and a feeling of

Tom eagerly anticipated his new In time, Tom became a genuine independence and worth was slowly home, but his dreams soon vanished member of the family. He received kindled in the boy.

like a puff of smoke. He discovered a weekly allowance to spend as he Tom was required by the welfare

that the state welfare committee wanted; he had the new experience authorities to attend the church of

paid farmers $45.00 a month to take of being invited to meet visiting the family to which he was assigned.

delinquent boys, and, in some cases, friends and relatives; and he even He had previously joined a promi-.

the money was an incentive to take started taking a lunch—with a piece nent Christian church and was twice

in a boy. Tom was bewildered to of cake in it—to school. Before "saved"in revival meetings. In the

find himself "adopted"by a man this, the only cake he had was what confusion of diversified doctrines and who decided that he had too much he stole from the other kids. various religious expressions, Tom

work for one man and not enough had concluded that religion would for two—the boy was a paying soluno longer be a part of his life.

tion to his labor problem. THE MULBERRY TREE But when the first Sunday rolled

On his first day at his new home BY EUNICE M. ROBINSON around after coming into his new

the farmer showed Tom an old Mormon home, Tom found himself pump house behind a dilapidated Oh, when were the days so long and undergoing another new experience.

barn. His heart sank as he heard free He was startled by the visiting and

the man casually say, "That is where As when I climbed the mulberry chattering in the foyer, the warm you will sleep."tree? handshakes and greetings, the unBitter and disappointed, Tom Its low arms spread to ease ascent, usual appearance of the inside of

settled down to his pump house life Its high green formed a leafy tent the chapel, and by small children and started to attend a school nearThat shaded the shed roof where "preaching"to the congregation.

by; but this didn't improve his I lay But as Tom continued to go to

habits. He soon ferreted out the And whiled the timeless hours away. Church his interest increased and

"deadend kids,"developed the old he began to ask many questions of patterns of misbehavior, and finally There secret whimsy took its flight his foster parents as well as his found himself back with the welfare Into a land of youth's delight. priesthood, Sunday School, and MIA

authorities. It didn't take things much teachers. were new So many ageold dreams were always new to Myconvince farmer the that "cheap"parts, of body, and him: a God ripe fruit the dotted Where my to justhelp received fulhe and the of restoration money the the passions; fancy's view.

weren't the putting of trouble worth a prophet of the through gospel ness clouds the slow overhead High a boy. like with "bad"up with of name a common God curled; followed, Other but of homes the appearance Smith; Tom God

tree the mulberry top Joseph was the Anddidn't of long them. stay in any to this very the Savior same and

Rejection and trouble was the of the world. young man in modern times; the

expected thing for the slightbuilt, reestablishment of direct authority freckledfaced lad. When he was from God to act in his name upon

a little over sixteen years old his His Mormon foster parents insisted the earth; and marvelous golden

record of failure in foster homes althat he bring his schoolbooks home plates that were translated by the most resulted again in his being sent and study, and with the family's Prophet Joseph and which now conto reform school. But there was anpatient help a new vista opened bestituted the Book of Mormon.

other change of heart, and Tom fore him. His speech impediment Strangely enough some of these

found that he would be "farmed had contributed to his failing miserteachings carried a certain familiarout"once more. This time it would ably at school and had often caused ity which almost seemed to be a

be in the town of his birth and in embarrassment to those with whom part of his subconscious. He enjoyed

the home where his little brother, he tried to find recognition. Generthe people because they seemed to

Mark, had been living for several ally they would look down at their accept him, yes, even love him. They

years. The prospects of a new feet as he spoke to avoid looking reflected what they believed by the

foster family neither thrilled nor into his eyes, but as he began to way they behaved and lived, and saddened Tom, but the idea of belearn he developed greater confiwhen he stammered, they continued ing reunited with his brother made dence in his own ability. looking into his eyes, seeming unhim happy. The life of his foster parents was embarrassed.

His "homecoming"day was a not one of luxury and ease. They Basically he was slow to change.

bright one. The small home among worked hard for what they had. He still found mischief inviting, still

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mixed with the deadend kids at like to have them, as I know that (West Berlin), witnessing the East school, and still held on to his old you have spent a lot of time tracing German revolt of June 17, 1953.

habits and prejudices. A couple of down all the possible sources of inWith his military service behind

times he even had to follow his foster formation about your parents."him, Tom returned to his home town.

father to the barn to participate in a Tom eagerly took the small pile By this time his brother Mark had little oldfashioned discipline. But of effects and slowly went through married and moved to establish a

always love flowed freely enough to them one by one. He stopped sudhome of his own in another part of

show him that the punishment was denly as a white piece of paper the state. Although Tom had acnot without reason. caught his attention. There in bold cumulated some livestock over the

Many gospel discussions were held letters at the top was printed THE years and planned to pursue a career in the home. His "folks"taught him CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF of farming, his plans were changed

the principles of the gospel, one at LATTERDAY SAINTS. Tom could by a call to fill a Church mission in

a time, with the same patience they hardly believe his eyes. It was a England. The sale of his livestock

had exhibited when helping him with certificate of blessing—his! He had and car provided part of the neceshis schoolwork. Almost without his been blessed as an infant in the very sary funds; the high priests quorum

knowing, as he started applying the branch which he now attended. His of the stake took care of the rest.

principles he had been taught, his mother had been a member of the With a promise of increased speakworld changed. The beauties and Church! Tom broke down and wept ing ability on being set apart, Tom

meaning of life opened up to him as freely and unashamedly. After labored untiringly, and set a British

he grew in his love for the gospel. seventeen years he had been reMission record of over sixty converts

No one can say just when Tom "was turned to the fold to which he had to the Church. He lost all but a

converted to the Church. It wasn't really belonged. trace of the impediment which

a sudden realization but a slow By the time Tom was a senior in plagued his life.

culmination of things which brought high school, he had overcome many One of the General Authorities ofabout an increased desire to be bapweaknesses and in his newfound life fered him, while still on his mission, tized. And with this desire he found a scholarship to any university in the

the strength to change his habits, live United States when he returned a better life, and develop into a new MISSION ACCOMPLISHED home. As he was eligible for the

person. He had read in the Book BY THELMA IRELAND G.I. Bill of Rights, he felt that he

of Mormon the promise, "And when would vise this rather than accept the ye shall receive these things, I would Whenever I go fishing, magnanimous offer.

exhort you that you would ask God, I never catch a fish; While on his mission, he met the

the Eternal Father, in the name of But once I found a sea shell—girl who later became his wife. At

Christ, if these things are not true: I use it for a dish. eighteen she was the Primary superand if ye shall ask with a sincere And when we go for pinenuts, visor for all of Scotland. She also

heart, with real intent, having faith I do not look for pine, held the position of branch chorister, in Christ, he will manifest the truth But I have found goldbearing rocks MIA teacher, Sunday School teacher, of it unto you, by the power of the Beside an empty mine. and Primary mother—all at the same

Holy Ghost."He had asked God, Whenever we go hunting, time. Six months after Tom returned

using the same boylike faith which I do not see a deer, home the girl came to America and the Prophet Joseph Smith had used, But I do see the glory they were married in the Salt Lake and he had received a testimony—Of autumn's gold veneer. Temple.

conviction in his soul which told him And when we look for berries, Tom's story is by no means at an that pail, found the truth—and is the he had empty Mine his small end. boys of two He has

this truth would him free heart overflows make But my graduated he now; from was with own

indeed! The beauty of the trail. Brigham Young University with a

The day of Tom's baptism was a degree in sociology, with emphasis memorable one! For Tom it was a on juvenile correction and rehabilitaday he would never forget. The also gained popularity and new tion. While there, he served as first

branch president performed the friends. An evidence of this was his counselor in the presidency of a stake

baptism, and Tom's foster father election as cheer leader, and his mission. He has since held many

confirmed him a member of the being awarded a scholarship to the positions in the Church, speaks and

Church. His brother Mark, who University of California: "To the boy spreads his philosophy wherever he

had previously been baptized himwho had done the most with the goes, and holds the light of his testiself, was there to witness the least."mony high for all to see.

ceremony. Tom didn't use the scholarship but He is an inspiration to youth,

Four days after his baptism, Tom served in the army during the Korean especially those with handicaps and enjoyed one of the most moving and conflict instead. An hour and a half setbacks which seem almost insurrevealing experiences of his life. He after debarking from the plane he mountable. Tom says, "The princihad visited several times previously was in the front lines. He saw action ples of the Church are saving

with one of his mother's close relain some of the bloodiest battles, inprinciples. They literally 'save!'If

tives who lived nearby, but this cluding Heartbreak Ridge. He rethey're properly taught, as they were

meeting had special significance. turned to the United States as one taught to me, they'll be understood

"Tom,"she said, "I have here a few of the youngest platoon sergeants in as I understood them. Being prothings your mother left with me bethe army. He filled the last year perly understood, they'll be properly

fore she died—I'm sure you would of his service in East Germany lived."

JULY 519 (Continued from page 512) the world through his mouthpiece, his in his Church and kingdom, to become prophet, in this day and age, telling all missionaries. How can any of us afford

Priesthood Meeting of us, the children of our Heavenly not to do so?

Father who have espoused membership I pray God to bless us all that we may one other thought, which I want to unite as one in carrying on this great leave with you. work, and never let a bishop be heard

That is, that every family in the to complain about the work of the misChurch should be a missionary family. sionaries in the mission field, or never

If ever the time existed upon the earth GREATNESS IN LIVING let a missionary complain about what a his over as he presides solidify does to unify bishop and andwhen we need BY FRANCES GORMAN RI5SER be unity it in the there circle, must family is today. the ward, forstrengthen

You go into the home of a Latterday priesthood, and particularly among those

Saint family which is a missionary famOne man may work his whole life to whom keys of the priesthood, keys of ily in the true sense of the word, and through presidency, have been given. To that

you will find a family filled with love With only pay in mind; body of men, above all other men on

and unity and with the choicest blessAnother labors wearily, earth, there must be an absolute unity ings of the Lord showered down upon Bored with the daily grind. of purpose. Be assured that whatever

them constantly. the missionaries do in the fulltime misin this could produce My, what we

if follow today the But there are men who dream fine sionsunder ofthetheinspirationChurch, theyand theare directiondoing itChurch we would admonitions of President McKay, the dreams, of President David O. McKay, and when

great missionary that he is. This, so far And proudly find a way we fail to sustain them, we fail to susas my feelings are concerned, is just the Of building greatness into all tain him and to sustain the Lord.

same as though the Lord had spoken, Their living, every day! God bless us to put our hearts and

because to me he has spoken, and I souls and those of our families to this know as I live that he has spoken to work, I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

To render service for two or three to bear their testimonies. They say they

years in the mission field is a blessing don't know—they believe. But if they

to anyone. It is recognized as such by will just stop to analyze what this

thousands of parents throughout the Church does to the individual, first in

A TIME Church who appreciate the value of keeping himself clean and unspotted;

OF suchin whomlabor thisto theirexperiencesons andawakensdaughters,an second,third, ininkeepingkeeping chastethe Wordand ofpure;Wisdom;if he

just realizes studies of appreciation of the gospel. and and and home PREPARATION

it also acdoes for glimpses that missionary what Parents know the home—noeven just

tivity brings into the plane of condrunken father, if he is a member of sciousness a knowledge of the truth of the Church; no disloyal husband; no

the gospel, which the young men have mother who makes home unhappy by

President David O. McKay perhaps felt but not expressed. her infidelity—a home keeping the

Bishops, it is well for us to have in standards of the Church, is a happy mind not so much the benefit to those home; an unbroken home—a home

girls in offertake turns boys where and their as preparation representatives and I giving a paper just been handed have in prayer, ing helpcourtesy and mutual responsibilities the fitness to carry on count, conference priesthood generalthe fulness. That by is what mean we call. In choosin entailed a missionary reports 8, 1961. haveApril come These

it is in "glimpsing."well to keep ing a missionary Salt in the early. Lakein Attendance

active in taken part he Has Church follows: as questions mind 8,097. Assembly the InTabernacle,

I organizations? to not time do have 2,688. Hall, grounds, Is to the Barratt representHall, Church? and worthy he

that. elaborate upon blocks, total these attendance two onA resist will sufficient to he power Has

he, prayer, or through experience, Has in places other 10,785. Attendance is to temptation?

felt to nearness so that God's him, he later. mail For comreported bybe clean while he himself kept he Ha> his as the can approach Lord would he 10,432 April 1960, parison, in had we that standard beep has by and home earthly father? in 1960, 9,911; October, the grounds;on resisting posof himself capable proved please those queskeep men, Young largest the tonight, 10,785 so have we field? sible in the temptation as in tions in take part your you mind had. ever havewe

teachers'Has he taken active part in Church deacons'quorums, quorums, meeting. a remarkable have had We

elders'at home? priests'quorums, quorums; and to report shall how organizations you tomorrowWe

many are in the other chapels listening Does he at least glimpse what the as you prepare in activity at home, in in to this inspirational missionary meetChurch has to offer the world? personal life, and in your schoolwork to

ing. In the congregations there are Has he glimpsed that the Church is qualify yourselves to go out as reprethousands, tens of thousands of young the greatest thing in the world, and sentatives. May you be among those

men of the Lesser Priesthood—our the only authorized group to represent who can be trusted—a representative of

future missionaries. I shall just ask the the Lord Jesus Christ in the salvation of the Lord Jesus Christ, I humbly pray in

bishops to call their attention to the mankind? I use the word glimpsed the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

following. because many of our young men hesitate Amen.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,ladies here's a special invitation..

Let Phillips 66 make your driving more pleasurable.

Stop at your Phillips 66 Dealer's. There you'll find

so much that will please you: Courteous service...

cleanliness... helpful advice about the needs of your

car. And fine products to help you enjoy troublefree motoring. Accept our invitation. Drive in at

:;:m*t:: any station with the Phillips 66 Shield.

Ss**- f *L

J

\-vsm

-M

KHXXJWww::::::::::::::-:>H

IropArtic M SEASON MOTOR OIL

TropArtic* is the AllSeason Motor

Oil that has earned the Good Housekeeping Guaranty Seal. It helps your

car run SMOOTHER... quieter...

with lower fuel costs... fewer

repairs. Get TropArtic Motor Oil at

any Phillips 66 Station. *a Trademark

Censoring Joseph Smith's afraid, but a voice came out of the pounded unto them in all the

Story cloud, saying, "This is my beloved scriptures the things concerning himSon; in whom I am well pleased; self."(Ibid., 24:27.) Yet Luke gives

(Continued from page 492) hear him."(Ibid., 9:3435); or "This us only the two opening sentences

is of that elect) (or chosen allenlightening Son: discourse, hear my reportsenemy of Joseph Smith him

it. is him,"or else mentions "This (Mark 9:7), nobody my andas saying that visited he was by beloved Son: him."hear (Luke illustrate instances the imTheseNephi, they the have caught Prophet

in a fraud. 13 It has moreover long 9:35.) portant point that silence in the

been an axiom with antiMormon When the apostles came to themrecord is not a proof of ignorance or writers, that if Joseph Smith's eneselves, Jesus raised them to their lack of interest by the writers; the

mies tell wildly conflicting stories feet (Matt. 17:6-8), and gave them holiest things were not meant for

about him, that does not prove that strict instructions "that they should general distribution: "If I have told

they are lying, but that he deceived tell no man what things they had you earthly things, and ye believe and tricked them all! seen, till the Son of man were risen not,"said the Lord, "how shall ye

from the dead."(Mark 9:9.) Acbelieve, if I tell you of heavenly

The Reticence of the Saints: cordingly "they kept it close, and things?"(John 3:12.) Those to

told "the Kingmysteries of the of in those days no man any whom ask, But, one should may why althose things imparted have have been which they seen."dom"had

so Smith long waited haveJoseph to secrecy, the (Luke 9:36.) been and ways bound

tell histo officially? story his From information, the the wonderful more the Transfiguration the was Now it is explanation that apparentown 21 it carefully was. guarded more all greatest of of manifestations it told nothe publicly would have

to pearls are about not thrown be The the the the Son, yet Father and John, allat to not he been "induced"had things are given promiscuously: Such searching of the gospels, most makes all stories so that the scandaldo by

sinfor to those ask only them who it; of of no the mention Aposnone It circulating. rule awere was

is to cerely; only the open door it; tolic refers to there ever Fathers possessing those the gospelamong

it; treasures at the those knock who is it hint of in of no the Apoloanyin that greater ancient the times

teachings be not publicly divulged. 1 '1 gists; even the vast literature of are found only by those who seek

Even at the risk of serious misunderdebate on the nature of the Godhead for them. (Matt. 7:6-8.)

standing and persecution, the early contains hardly a note of it. Aside The writer's greatgrandfather, a

Christians and the Jewish sectaries from the three synoptic gospels which Jew, one day after he had given before them would not reveal the tell the story with variations, noJoseph Smith a lesson in German secrets of their religion to the body seems to know anything about and Hebrew asked him about cerworld; 17 and the constant charge it. What could such a strange tain particulars of the first vision.

against the Mormons, and especialsilence possibly mean, save that the In reply he was told some remarkly against Joseph Smith, from the fathers and doctors of the Church able things, which he wrote down beginning was that they clothed their have never heard of the Transfigurain his journal that very day. But

affairs and doings in secrecy. 18 tion, for if they had, they surely in the ensuing forty years of his

The injunction to secrecy is more would be talking of it all the time. life, during which he had many chilthan a desire to mystify; it is fundaOr take the Gospel of Luke, which dren and grandchildren and preached

mental to all eschatological thinking: begins and ends with wonderful many sermons, Brother Neibaur

"To you it is given to know the manifestations: First of all an angel seems never once to have referred

secrets of the kingdom of heaven,"appears to Zacharias in the temple, to the wonderful things the Prophet

Christ told a few elect disciples beintroduces himself: "I am Gabriel, told him—it was quite by accident

hind locked doors, "but to them it is that stand in the presence of God; that the writer discovered them in

not given."19 Eduard Meyer mainand I have been sent to converse his journal. Why was the talkative

tained that Joseph Smith's first vision with you and to preach the gospel old man so closelipped on the one was borrowed from the New Testato you."(Ibid., 1:19.) The converthing that could have made him

ment account of the Transfigurasation, full of scriptural citations, famous? Because it was a sacred

tion, which in turn was taken from must have lasted a very long time, and privileged communication; it was

the story of Moses talking with God since we are told that the multitude never published to the world and on Sinai. 20 These instances all furoutside grew restless with waiting never should be.

nish interesting commentaries on the and wondered what could possibly subject of secrecy. Consider for a have happened to Zacharias. Yet The Book of Mormon Sets the Tone:

moment the Transfiguration. Luke records only a few short Now let us turn briefly to the

Jesus chose three special apostles, sentences of the angel and this great theory that the Book of Mormon

Peter, James, and John, to go with visitation—the one opening the Diswas strictly a secular document, that

him to a remote spot, "where they pensation of the Meridian of TimeJoseph Smith "when he was transwere alone"(Mark 9:2) to pray, is mentioned nowhere else in the lating it"had no idea whatever

and "while he was praying the apNew Testament! "about visions of God, or of angels,

pearance of his face changed and Again, at the end of his gospel or heavenly revelations,"those behis raiment became white and brilLuke tells of a great sermon deing added to his story in 1838 or liant as lightning...."(Luke 9:28.) livered by the Lord after his resur1834. The refutation of this absurd

Then a cloud came and overrection when, "... beginning at claim is simple, but it requires doing

shadowed them: and they were sore Moses and all the prophets, he exsomething that critics of Joseph

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K WSTAKT/Z artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JULY 1961 523 Smith are invincibly opposed to dowonderful things he returns to his in a dream. On page 4 Nephi 'did

ing, namely, reading the Book of house at Jerusalem and is promptly cry unto the Lord; and behold he did

Mormon. If that is too much to 'carried away in a vision, even that visit me,...'(v. 16.) And on the

ask, let them read only the first five he saw the heavens open; and he same page, 'the Lord spake unto

pages: thought he saw God sitting upon me'—a prophecy follows on the next

"On page 1 of the first edition his throne.... And it came to pass page and then 'I Nephi, returned

there is a summary: 'The Lord that he saw one descending out of the from speaking with the Lord, to the

warns Lehi to depart out of the midst of heaven, and he beheld that tent of my father.'"(v. 1.

land of Jerusalem, because that of the he his above sun luster was strictly to the this belongs Now all.. firstprophesieth concernunto the people the at noonday. and came of historical part Morof the Book

ing their iniquity... / We also read and stood before my father, and mon; the really religious parts are

of 'many prophets, prophesying unto gave him a book, and bade him that yet to come. And yet this book,

the people.'On page 2 a pillar of he should read.'Again, marvelous copyright before the middle of 1829,

fire'appears to Lehi in the desert, manifestations follow, and on the is supposed to have been written by and after hearing and seeing many next page the Lord speaks to Lehi a man who had not the remotest idea "about visions of God, or of angels, or heavenly revelations."The book

swarms with wonders and marvels, and the earliest stories about Joseph

Smith—the local newspaper reports

from 1829 and the affidavits of 1833—charge him with pushing the

This day—with its problems miraculousextreme. and mysterious to the

How, then, could Joseph Smith's own story have "gained in the andpromise miraculous and mysterious"through the years until its official culminaRICHARD I. EVANS tion in 1838? His own visions and

visitations are not more marvelous

Some nineteen centuries or so ago there walked than those reported throughout the among men one Jesus of Nazareth, the Christ, the Book of Mormon, which, in fact,

THE Son of God, the Prince of Peace. His fortunes they closely resemble. What, then,

SPOKEN varied from being acclaimed King to being conis all this nonsense about Joseph WORD later? all ideas these getting to death. sick the demned Even healed Smith he whom cononly that idea he Or Brodie's his gratitude. did not in to give always pause greatest time of And

need he could not even count on those who but a few days before verted it into a religious book at the had strewn his path with palms. The principles he proclaimed last moment?

were not popular with the prevailing powers of his time and were There is nothing extraneous or not well understood by the people. And because his precepts and afterthought about the religious

principles have not everywhere prevailed, men have sometimes element in the Book of Mormon, to become cynical, have sometimes despaired, have sometimes lost remove the religious parts of which hope and faith in the future. But his own life was the evidence would be equivalent to removing the

of what men and life could be like if his precepts were put even rice from a rice pudding—there is

into partial practice. And even though men have made many really nothing else to it.

mistakes in the use of their Godgiven freedom, the promising part The author knew perfectly well of the picture is this: not that so many forsake these principles, that this could not be a popular

but that the principles themselves persist—that they are here and book. If any reader is naive enough

await only a time when men shall turn to them. If there were to think that those words ( and there

no plan, no pattern, no purpose; if there were no allprevailing are many others like them) were

Providence, no way provided for the solution of the problems, there merely inserted for effect let him would be reason for a depth of despair. But the fact is that there study the newspaper announcements

is an answer, that there is a pattern for peace, that there is an allappearing before the publication of prevailing purpose, and that there is sound reason for faith in the the Book of Mormon to see what future—in the gospel of the Prince of Peace, which is here, and excellent reason Joseph Smith had

ever ready for us to turn to. "These things I have spoken unto for knowing how the public would

you,"he said, "that in me ye might have peace."1 This is the great receive his efforts to set up, of all

assurance of life. This is the great reason for hope and faith in things, another word of God right

the future.* beside the Bible. Those who charge

Joseph Smith with writing the Book "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the of Mormon as a publicity stunt do

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 26, 1961. Copyright 1961. not hesitate to accept the affidavit of

ijohn 16:33. Nathaniel Lewis, who says that Smith

"Revised. was worried as to "whether he

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's almost inconceivable that Kennecott's dollars become the Kennecott payroll - more giant Bingham Canyon Mine would operate than $43,000,000 a year paid to employees.

only nine days a year.'But it could happen if When these Utahns buy the things they need

Kennecott were limited to producing just the for themselves and their families, these dollars 5300 tons of copper that Utah needs for its own become part of the prosperity of hundreds of use. That could be accomplished in only nine Utah businesses. More of these dollars pay

days - during the remaining 356 days the mine Kennecott's state and local taxes of more than would gather cobwebs. $8,000,000 a year. This pays for the education

Kennecott, of course, produces far more of thousands of Utah boys and girls. Kennecott

copper than possibly can be used by Utahns spends still more of these dollars to buy millions alone. It sells hundreds of thousands of tons of of dollars worth of supplies and services from

the metal annually to the nation's factories, local firms, which helps them prosper.

where it is used in the creation of a tremendous The benefits to Utah's economy that result variety of products used in almost every phase from the sale of copper depend on one factor - of modern living. Kennecott must continue to compete successIn exchange for the copper, dollars come fully in selling its product in markets outside

back to Utah to go to work/*?/- Utah. These the state.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

PKOUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

JULY 1961 525 should proceed to translate the Book status as scripture; to say that there is solidly built into every sentence.

of Plates... or not. He said that was a time when "no divine interpreBut now it is time to consider how

God had commanded him to transtation was dreamed of"24 is to talk the critics have dealt with the first late it, but he was afraid of the about another book entirely; there vision story since the publication of

people...,"23 And this was his is nothing accidental, capricious, or the official statement in 1842. This

idea of a popular book? Every page makeshift about the Book of Moris a most enlightening history.

of the Book of Mormon proclaims its mon, the religious element of which (To be continued)

FOOTNOTES

T'rofessor J. B. Turner, Mormonism in

All Ages, or the Rise, Progress and Causes of Mormonism (N.Y.: Piatt & Peters,

London: Wiley & Putnam, 1842), p. 7.

2John C. Bennett, The History of the

Saints; or, an Expose of Joe Smith and

Mormonism (Boston: Leland & Whiting,

.. Prophet 3Henry Caswall, The of the The "innocence "of intent 1842), p. 79.

Rise, Progress, Century; or, the Nineteenth

and Present State of Mormons or hatterRICHARD L. EVANS Day Saints (London: J.G.F. & J. Rivington,

1843), p. 72.

4History of Illinois, 1844, p. 387.

Sometime ago we talked of the attitude of intent, Edinburghr'W. J. Conybeare,Review, April"Mormonism,"1854, p. 7.in The

like today to and for a should we mention moment Essays Ecclesiastical Conybeare, CW. J. THE further side a subject. of the centuries two Some Social Brown, etc., and (London: Longem, SPOKEN ago, Baptiste Massillon Jean in commenting on 289. p. 1853), WORD

The Curse of a Malignant Tongue posed some ques7W. A. Linn, The Story of the Mormons

tions concerning the "innocence"of intent: "What matters it to from the Date of their Origin to the Year

the brother whom you stab whether it be done through indiscretion 1901 (N.Y.: Macmillan, 1923), p. 28.

History 8E. Mormons: D. Howe, of the or less malice? unwittingly an arrow, Does a dangerdrawn, make

that Singular ImAccount a Faithful of or slighter ous It than is here if sent on purpose? wound... ( Painesville, he positionof Delusion Ohio and

ought to put a guard of circumspection on his tongue, weigh every Printed and published by the Author, word, put them together in his heart, says the sage Ecclesiasticus, 1840), pp. 266ff.

and let them ripen in his mouth....'?1 This turns on the point of The Rev. D.H.C. Bartlett, The Mormons

those who having done damage say they didn't mean to do it—for or, LatterDay Saints, Whence Came They?

example, loose talkers whose words do damage, as well as loose p.(Liverpool:8. J. A. Thompson & Co., 1911),

doers whose deeds do damage. And besides the talkers, there 10 J. Q. Adams, D.D., The Birth of Morare also the listeners, concerning whom August Hare asked and monism (Boston: The Gorham Press,

answered his own question: "When will talkers refrain from evil1916), pp. 20ff.

speaking? When listeners refrain from evilhearing."2 "There "J. H. Snowden, The Truth About Morwould not be so many open mouths,"said another observer, "if monism (N.Y.: G. H. Doran, 1926), p. 52.

His- "F. Knows M. Brodie, No Man My there so not open ears."could were 3 There be many times when

55, (N.Y.: 83, A. Knopf, pp. 1947),

all of of others, misjudge, could us any or be critical or when we or tory38."

when we say what we shouldn't say or do what we shouldn't do—lhid,, pp. 24ff.

and then later say we are sorry—sincerely so—and wish, oh how we Documentary History of the Church,

sometimes wish we could take back something said, something I, p. 1. Pearl of Great Price, Writings of

done! To turn again to Massillon for a moment: "We would not Joseph Smith, 2:1.

wish to tarnish a man of character,... that would be too infamous ir'Mr. L. Petersen, Problems in Mormon

n. City, 4, 3, (Salt p. Text Lake 1957),... [yet] the innocency it is, above and mean: all, by I know that

cites strangely. this point most He... labors to justify that [slanderers] intention themselves; of the pretend for Star August as the Millennial evidence

But... where is the innocency of an amusement [when]... in 1842 and the 1851 edition of the Pearl

effect, you excuse the malignity of your... [tongue] by the innoof Great Price—the first printed in England,

cency of your intentions."1 Of course we are sometimes sorry, and far away from Joseph Smith, and the secin a measure may not have intended to say what we said, to do ondJosepheditionSmithyearscannotafterbe heldhis death;responsiblefor themnor

what we did, but must we not remember that the hurt, the uninfor a Reorganite history published in 1902.

tended damage cannot completely be recalled. "Does an arrow,... Petersen's prize exhibit is the statement

make a less dangerous... wound than if sent on purpose?... of a nephew of David Whitmer, who

that heard his grandmother avers he had [We] ought to put a guard of circumspection on... [the] tongue,

that the her (! ) the angel had say shown

[and] weigh every word."1 plates, the angel being "Brother Nephi."

That Mr. P. should have to search so far

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the among literally thousands of retellings of

Columbia Broadcasting System, April 23, 1961. Copyright 1961. the story of Moroni to find this inevitable

ijean 2August BaptisteW. Hare.Massillon, The Curse of a Malignant Tongue. Teachersslip is actuallyof the aBookvindicationof Monnonof theknoworiginal.well

"Joseph Hall. how often the ( Continued on page 528

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE 5-WEEKDAYSfor the best in

CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS

This daily CBS presentation with Captain T"|5 tfl CAPTAIN KANGAROO

Kangaroo and Mr. Greenjeans is packed with wholesome entertainment that

has made it an awardwinning delight for kids... and their harried moms. 8:00 am

class comes to order each day ROM PER ROOM SCHOOL he 11:00 tO at 1 1 and Miss Barbara, favorite of thousands of area viewers, directs the activity

s u 'classmates and those at home participate in educational and interesting 4 1%1 as *J%r dill projects. Presented by Cream O'WeberCottonwood, Hammond Twirl Town Toys, n* Peter Pan Bread.

For the best in children's programs

For the best of EVERYTHING Take 5- CBS for the Mountain West KSLTV 5

JULY 1961 527 ( Continued from page 526 ) proper names COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP'S in the book are confused by students in writing papers and exams; the names

Mormon, Nephi, Lehi, and Moroni especially are mixed with great frequency.

This writer has made the mistake more than once. 1(iThis principle is stated by Tertullian,

I, i, Iff; of Alexandria, Clement of MORMON Celsum, BOOKMm De praescript., 2526; Origen, Contra Graec, I; in Migne, Patrol. Stromatum

VIII, 704. Cf. Matt, vii, 6ff; xi, 2527; xiii,

THE COMPACT EDITION the917;laterxvi, Church20; xix, Fathers11; xxiv,maintained3, etc. Eventhat

had of the apostles teachings highest that recording very same The Dogmen- D. Thomasius, kept secret, made beenthe

recording the first history complete as (Erlangen, alten Kirche der geschichte within this scripture, great of now I, 297f. 209, 1866),

price at of the lowest reach everyone in Minucius out is brought well 17This

Fulfilled for a Gospel The anywhere!

x. Octavius, Felix,

lifetime of inspiration enjoyment. and

78. p. op. cit., E. 18So Howe, D. vinyl records. gold unbreakable 50

I6V3 rpm* Chapter spirals and index "Matt, vii, 6ff.

(Halle, 1912) pp. 279ff. 95 for fast reference. der20Ed.MormonenMeyer, Ursprung und Geschichte

in 16 note above given sources the 21To a only pay $10.00 DOWN and very interesting (and the might add for an 3 months, month

Clementine the in discussion of total low 9 unbelievable 39 95 oneancient) 1. III, II, and 60, Recognitions,

* Gold Plate Edition, 33 '/j rpm. $69.90. Ed. Meyer, Op. cit., p. 49. For an

estimate of Meyer's scholarship, see the articles on him in the Enciclopedia

Italiana or the llustrada.

Our latest release -"See above, note 8.

2tBrodie, op. cit., p. 38.

WOSUlSf'omthe0GQ Doctrine and Covenants Three magnificent highlights from the

D. &C, Sec. 76, "The Vision of the

Glories"; Sec. 87, "Prophecy on War";

Part of Sec. 88, "The Olive Leaf."The

Words of God and The Prophet inspiringly read in 46 minutes of exalted beautv, a recording "first."3373 LP. 4% 9 g

Strength to Lift a 3 Featherbed Send this coupon to: COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP I

(Continued from page 495) 3600 Market St Salt Lake City, Utah I full please send album. enclosed, fj $9.95

I for per month I agree to pay $10.00

3 months to complete payment. NAME team, and we'll take them up that

Enclosed $39.95. Please send complete ADDRESS draw for water. There must be

album. CITY some nearby."

Enclosed $3.98. Please send "Visions""Can I go, too, huh, Father?"

record. STATE Niels pleaded.

"No, son, the horses are tired, and you'd just be an extra burden. Besides, you need to stay and watch

after your mother and sister. We

YOUR HAMMOND ORGAN won'tNielsbepoutedlong,"againhis fatheras preparationsanswered.

Representative is were made to set up camp.

Kristen busied herself, though fleeting flashes of massacre dissected thoughts and habits mechanical the BROS. MUSIC GLEN CO

for the night. of preparation 2546 Wash. Blvd. Main 246 South

Salt Lake City Ogden When the essentials for supper were unloaded, her two men 25 Years of Leadership in mounted and trotted the lathered (Continued on page 530)

Hammond Sales and Service

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Which Hammond for your church?

Hammond Concert Organ There are 6 Hammond Incomparable grandeur and clarity of tone—this is

Hammond's most noble organ Harmonic Drawbars let organs for churches. One will your organist blend thousands of tones. Only Hammond

meet your needs and budget. hasexpensethis offeaturehaving this"PermanentinstrumentPitch"tuned:willthespareConcertyou willthe

is tunable, Here are two of them... neverincludesgo aoutfullof32note,tune Pedalconcave,soloradiating,system, whichdetachable pedal

keyboard built to A.G.O. specifications, provides all the

dynamic and pitch levels to interpret any organ masterpiece

Hammond value: you could pay twice as much and not

get as much Prices begin at $3350* (Walnut) plus tone equipment.

Your Hammond dealer will be happy to arrange a demonstration. Send for fullcolor brochure on Hammond church

organs and a helpful booklet on fundraising.

*Less Federal Excise Tax, F.O.B., Chicago.

Hammond

. music's most glorious voice Organ

Hammond Extravoice Organ.

$59 t ONLY $25 DOWN *****************************Hammond Organ Company * 4220 W Diversey Avenue, Chicago 39, Illinois

Free booklet on organ fund raising.

Rich tones of three keyboards, played from a single, Color catalog of Hammond Organs.

simple keyboard Compact size—4 feet by 2 feet, Nameschool beauty or chapel Simpleideal for Sunday

Church * lines, cabinetry Address-—graceful genuine hardwood

City quality—2d years of organ experience Hammond

Zone County State I HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY service.assure you faithful *

"fLess Federal Excise Tax, F.O.B. Chicago; bench extra. **************************

JULY 196] 529

(Continued from page 528) dance. Whooping and shouting, she "Niels, stop pouting, and come

horses out of sight. Kristen watched freed her tense muscles with the here and gather some chips, so we

after them with misgivings. It was singular abandon of childhood. can eat as soon as Father returns,"

with effort that she put aside In spite of herself, Kristen smiled Kristen straightened up from clearher foreboding for more pressing as she watched her daughter induling an area for a fire—and her breath

activities. gently. "Then she really didn't stopped in her throat.

Mary had hopped lightly from the see"—she thought with renewed reFrom around the brow of a desert

wagon and was running around in lief. She herself would forget—she hill, a small ball of dust rolled tocircles in a makebelieve Indian war must! ward the single wagon on the lonely

desert. It gathered size like an

inflating balloon about to break upon the first object in its path. Kristen

Niels, wait. Mary, get into The curse of a malignant felt"No,danger alarmingly near.

the wagon—quickly! Now!"The

so sharp that Mary command was question. without tongue..."responded

RICHARD L. EVANS Kristen herself jumped back into

the wagon box, gathered her chiltt**l Last week we cited some lines from Massillon on dren close, and with forced calmThe Curse of a Malignant Tongue and the innoness said, "Indians are coming.

THE cence of intention. This further searching question Father and Andy are far enough

SPOKEN comes from the same source: "... what is that away by now that they won't know."WORD

cruel pleasure which carries sorrow and bitterness Racing ahead of her words, her mind to the heart of your brother?... Whence comes it that your hammered home the knowledge that

sarcasms are always pointed to... recalling his faults.... Where they must not return too soon or

. in of the innocency source springs an amusement from whose for all of them would be. "1. massacre

.. [that] to inspire which ought compassion you with and grief? certain.

In other words, what moves me to find pleasure in the weaknesses "You two must hide in the corners it and faults and inadequacy not proceed from of others? "May part of the wagon.... of the very back

1 jealousy?"Massillon so often Saul have repeated suggests—"Would single a sound—no Don't make

with such pleasure that David was only the son of Jesse, had he coughs, no sniffles. Do you undernot considered him as a rival,... Is it not your wish to render stand? Not a sound! If you cry,

yourself agreeable, by turning your brother into an object of they will kill us all. Just pray. Mind

contempt and ridicule? '... Edify each other,'says St. Paul, 'by now. No noise!"

words of peace and charity;...'"* Whatever the motive, we turn She pushed them behind the can-

a moment to our responsibility for spreading gossip or rumor or vas and struggled to gain comunkind comment, and ask: Who is responsible for misimpressions, posure. The image of the mutilated

for false reports? First, there are those who start them, frequently woman which had tortured her mind

by saying that "They say so,"and seldom identifying the source. was now replaced by one of her own

Second, there are those who pass them on, who must share some innocent children.

responsibility—for every link in any chain plays its part. To use a Oh, dear heaven, why, why had

figure from another field, first someone makes the product; secondly, they forsaken all for a gospel that

someone distributes it; and third, someone must receive it, accept had brought so much sacrifice, disit. Production, distribution, consumption: In gossip, in rumor, in comfort, and insecurity, and now

false report, it is essentially this simple—as suggested by these lines possible death at savage hands?

penned by Alexander Pope: Her lips moved in supplication.

"The flying rumors gather'd as they roll'd, "Give me strength and inspiration to

Scarce any tale was sooner heard than told; do whatever is necessary to save my

And all who told it added something new children any lasting scars on their

And all who heard it made enlargements too."2 minds or bodies!"

In a degree this comes under the category of bearing false witness. Head bowed, body tense with

And before we relay rumor, gossip, or irresponsible reports, we emotion, she pleaded for strength, should consider not only the source but also the probable effect, then raised her eyes to the horror remembering that we cannot recall them, and remembering also she knew they must face. Riding

that we are responsible not only for facts, but also for psychological hard and fast and straight for the effects for any part we play in making things seem other than they wagon, were twenty paintstreaked are. For whatsoever we pass on, we are responsible for our part warrior Indians.

of the performance, and to the degree to which we know (or do This critical experience voided

Kristen. for The space and cannot not shift responsibility altogether by declaring time know) we

else All the enemy. with odds were intention. of an innocence

was nothing. Numbly she watched

Massillon, Baptiste The Curse aJean of a Malignant Tongue. the mustangs thunder toward her—as Pope, "Alexander The Temple of Fame.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the a small, helpless animal might cringe

Columbia Broadcasting System, April 30, 1961. Copyright 1961. before a stampeding herd.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THIS YEAR, PLAN TO SEE

AN HISTORICAL MUSICAL DRAMA

Starring Igor Gorin as Brigham Young.

"ALL FACES WEST"is a musical drama by Helen and Roland Parry, tracing the historic trek of the Mormon Pioneers from

Nauvoo, Illinois to the Great Salt Lake Valley. It is an

American story... It is a story of American people portrayed

in the beauty of devotionaltype music that all people of this great country understand. It is a story of a great mass

migration... the happy days and the sad days...

the struggles... the hardships encountered and

conquered... the settlement of a forsaken, desolate wasteland

destined to one day "Blossom as a Rose"... Both historical

and timely, it is a beauhful story wonderfully portrayed.

Presented under the stars at Ogden, Utah

July 21, 22, 23, 8:30 p. m.

CAST OF OVER 350... T. Leonard Rowley, Director... Dr. Frederick Davis, Musical Director

Adult Gen. Adm., $1.50—Reserved Seats, $2.00—Children, 50c

Write "ALL FACES WEST,"P.O. Box 1101, Ogden, Utah, for tickets. State

date desired.. make checks payable to "ALL FACES WEST.'

JUL. 1961 531

coilspring comfort... plus the Suddenly the leader broke away ing and shaking their heads "no"

privacy of andcircleledaroundhis sereamingthe wagon.warriors in a at Herthe leader.knees turned to water as she

"If only the children will not know looked squarely into the face of the individual seating of my terror, even if they must be nearest. His face was covered with

ISiflil left alone,"she almost whispered. open, running sores. She forced her-

"If only the Indians cannot hear the self to smile and offer him some chairs tradiThese the combine heart. of If only I candy. drumming my tional dignity of the and wood

..."of comfort ern a coilspring deluxe to do. modknew Desperately, hopelessly, Kristen what

seat, provide additional luxury in Like a noose the Indians'circle of looked again into the wagon. Daring private, individual the styling of

each unit. Seating may be tailored doom grew tighter. Food—the to turn her back, she pushed aside

to decor through the selection wide dignified of colors fathought flashed through her fearthe flaps, placed her finger to her durable and brics. A catalog showing the comfrozen mind! That side of bacon. lips to warn the children, and quickplete HeywoodWakefield line of

seating is What was it Brother Brigham had ly surveyed their household belongand the quality features yours for the asking. Write for said about feeding the Indians inings. Nothing! Again the grisly

yours today. stead of fighting them? She could image of that massacred woman, the

at least try. horror of those open eyes, swam beLifting the meat high for the Infore her mind. Her nostrils dilated

dians to see, she tossed it out and with the memory of the smell. She

away from the wagon. Beside it she believed she could actually smell

cast a firkin of lard, a small barrel blood again.

of sugar. There! The featherbed! She must

The Indians, still sitting their try it. There was nothing else. She

mounts, now faced the wagon and could show them its use.

advanced slowly, eyeing distrustAs she pulled it from its place in fully this strange spectacle—a fragile, the bedroll, her thoughts flew back

fullskirted squaw, who seemed to peaceful Denmark, to carefree alone in a single wagon, throwing young womanhood, to preparations offerings on the ground and motionfor a wedding, to a gentle mother ing them to draw nearer. with whom she had plucked the

to geese with fill the tick. which leader dismounted. The The

HEYWOOD. WAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH. others they followed had the handsewn his example and Together

purposefully tightened the circle. seams, with tiny, longlasting stitches.

Kristen smiled, beckoned, even Against all odds, against the taunts hummed aloud as she played at this of a teasing husband, she had carried game of bargaining. Gaily, laughit wherever they had traveled, herFILMS ingly—how the effort made her spine one tie with her home and mother,

DEVELOPED tingle—she displayed new gifts and peace, gaiety, and security.

AND PRINTED PER ROLL trinkets,others. Flour,tossingbeans,thembrightbesidebeads,the draggedQuickly,the withbulky newfeatherbedresolve,to shethe

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B & W Roll a small mirror, a piece of colorful side of the wagon and wrestled it

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll material, even a pair of shoes.... over. Unhesitating, she jumped out

fluffed smoothed the and Suspicious, down, unfriendly moeyes regarded COLOR FILM But all this was not enough. beside it, stooped to shake it out,

still tioned the closer. Indians pitiful the little pile. ArguWhat, what DEVELOPING could she offer that they would ing among themselves, they stopped

for a to turned and moment, face accept in exchange for her life? KODACOLOR

their her, fire eyes like balls of small Frantically, she wrestled for the 8-Exposure Roll per

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll answer. There was the bedding, in the dusty, painted deserts of

Roll 12Exposure per roll loosely rolled up by the children. their faces. Dev. and Printing $3.00

Color Reprints 20c each The featherbed? No, they wouldn't For a moment, Kristen almost beCOLOR SLIDES offerknow morewhat foodit was for. She must bodytrayedstiffenedthe terrorand shealmostknew.lost conHer

Slides Color per 135 mm Sensing her weakness, barrel, sciousness. into the cracker She dipped

cxp., 20 Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll the one of the Indians, with the one potatoes, hardtack. The crackers Slides Color per 135 mm

36 cxp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll she held high, tasted herself, sores, seized her arm. She laughed,

Color Movie returning, to lips, and began her per smacked leaned and out to sensibility 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll sing softly, low, sweet "Sweet and the to Indians standing toss them

low, the western wind of closest. and sea—"PHOTOSGENEALOGY the the leader a still from At command ran against The tide her. She of NEGATIVES OLD MADE her. released Indian sensed her about to engulf it was each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

of NEGATIVE, 4c each from the noisy, angry gestures. WishQuickly then, she dropped to the

to laid her the the hasten business head ground and on at hand, Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s ing

it Patting circle featherbed. of out, she had some broken the mothem MoneyBack Guarantee and were against the wagon, grunttioned for her red "brother"—for this

SAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was what her Church taught—to try

it for himself.

Wondering, quizzically, he, too, knelt down and laid his head on the and still enjoy at least strangelysoft "blanket."Then he

arose, and chuckling, spoke strange 1 regular meal a day..

words to the others who watched. use safe, delicious, economical Kristen could detect a softening

of this man, obviously the leader.

He chuckled again, and plopped down, fulllength this time, on his back. Turning sideways, his hand

under his head, he patted the bed with his other hand, seemingly amused at the way the feathers sprang back into shape with the re- A trim, slim figure easily can be Then stay slim with 1 Sure Meal lease of pressure. yours! Just mix tastetempting, serving daily! Once having achieved

Curiously, others drew nearer. completely nutritious, powdered the healthful, vouthlul figure you

Some reached down hands to poke Sure Meal with 2% milk orwhole desire, you will want to hold your at the tick, although none challenged milk for two low - calorie (210weight at that point by continuing the position of the one lying on it. 241) meals a day. Then go ahead with one Sure Meal serving daily

Suddenly he jumped up, gave a and enjoy a satisfying 400 to 500plus two caloriecontrolled regular sharp command. The warriors recalorie regular meal each day. OR, meals. Then, on occasion, should

mounted and rode a short distance have two equally nutritious but veryyou gain a few pounds, you simply away to hold court. Kristen felt sullow-calorie (169) Sure Meal servings, return to two Sure Meal servings a

lenness and disagreement, but she mixed with powdered milk and day for a few days... for easy,

experienced new feelings of compaswater, plus a substantial 550 to pleasant weight control.

sion for these red men. They were 600calorie meal each day! Thus,

human, after all. She smiled at the unlike fixed 900calorie allliquid Quick nutritional pickup on

chuckling of the red man as he expedietaries, Sure Meal makes it "skiplunch"days. Try Sure Meal

rienced the pleasure of a featherbed possible for you to fit your daily on those busy "skiplunch"days at for the first time. She felt amused calorie intake to your individual the office or home. It's available in

indulgentand that of almost naked, favorite flavor and provides.. still your weightreduction needs. and

dusty, figure awkward sprawled all the with nutrition necessary you allows regular daily one good mealupon her cherished featherbed. own at efficiency! going to keep peak to provide the bulk natural andWhatever happened she now, and

realized her fate still hung in the food your body requires. Sure Meal costs up to 40% less!!

balance, Sure she'd Meal one was given of strength the first been very is safe food not Sure Meal a—ato lift that featherbed. dietaries "Please, the of so type popular

is scientifically fad. Sure MealChristian, don't quite today. come back It has the been on market

in formulated an accredited Westyet.... for years an 4 established proCoast laboratory and medically Minutes interminable apduct used that seemed with real success by

food, careIt is a completehours elapsed before the Indians proved. thousands of persons with a weightturned again toward the wagon. fully balanced to provide every control problem. Yet, bought in a

Glumly, it seemed to Kristen, they essential nutritional element the caselot of 240, Sure Meal costs less in needs system humangathered supplies up the rode and a lowthan serving! Just 19$ per compare

diet. calorie servings Meal Two Sure the horizon.back toward Kristen this low, low cost with any other

noted that the leader himself claimed daily help you trim down to the pi'oduct of its kind!

the featherbed. healthful, attractive figure you desire

She had forced herself to remain... and let you retain the buoyant

standing outside the wagon box on vigor and happy feeling that comes fromIMPORTANT:any seriousShouldhealth problem,you be sufferingit is parthe ground until they were swalonly through proper nutrition, good ticularly wise to consult your physician

lowed up in the evening sky. She food and regularity. before going on a weightreduction diet.

had gaily waved her hand at their retreating dust until her rubbery Not yet available in food or drug stores. Just phone or mai I yourlegs refused to support her weight

any longer and she fell on her knees order for immediate delivery. Use handy SURE MEAL coupon below:

in a prayer of thanksgiving.

Rising, she climbed into the wagon Don Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674

East 9th South 1087 desired flavor: Check joined obedient herand brave and

Salt City Lake 5, Utah Vanilla Defatted Chocolate fjlittle youngsters.

Bland Butterscotch Maple rush Please the following quant- Q Q there's tell a story to your "Now, in selling be 'mav '"tested SURE ities MEAL of MEAL: SURE Qgrandchildren,"said all she was Size as 20Meal $4.75 name My

she hugged them close.

And they did. 40Meal Size $9.00 My address

240Meal Size (case)....45.00 City Zone State

JULY 1961 533 Cathedral in the Pines America have spoken here.

In 1949 Mr. Sloane graciously ex-

(Continued from page 513) tended to the New England Mission

The hurricane which was thought a leaders the privilege of a time on calamity, proved to be a blessing, their verv busy schedule. It was

for now as one sits in the shady quiet eagerly accepted, and a program of he has an uninterrupted view of the lovely music from the Cambridge little valley, the lake, and—ten miles Branch was presented with a sermon

distant—Mt. Monadnock. by the writer, who was mission

It is built to serve people of all president at that time. Since then,

faiths. Its facilities are so arranged each year, this privilege is conthat any church will have what it sidered one of the great events in

needs to conduct services or perform the calendar of the mission.

ceremonies. An excellent speaking Not onlv do members of the

system insures the messages being Church come to the cathedral at heard by everyone; an organ prothat hour but thousands of visitors

- vides appropriate music. The records also listen to the testimonies borne

of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and the hymns sung. These are inFruit and Organ have a large place in this spiring when given in the cloistered

repertoire. shade of the "Cathedral in the

Each Sunday during the summer Pines."FreshFormerly FRUITFREEZE season, the leaders of religious faiths The sweet Christian spirit of the

Easy "nofailure"way to freeze perform the offices of their faith at Sloane family, their hospitable venor can your fruits this cathedral. The hours available ture into bringing the ideals of

Stops discoloration and protects are assigned so that there is no conChristian love and hope to many natural fruit flavor flict of interest. The audience is people, and the sharing with others

Keeps fruit salads fresh for composed of travelers, tourists, and the sweet remembrance of noble hours before serving local folk. Most of the time these sons, who have expressed with the

Adds extra vitamin C to frozen or number into the thousands at each giving of their lives high idealism, flavor improves juices—canned service. bids us all express gratitude for the the most famous Some of

is n e can 98 religious leaders in experience. and important

lbs. < for enough 75 k 'tjjjjg

Scattering of Israel "way of the Gentile,"according to

Moroni's prediction.

(Continued from page 489) In the book of Jacob, chapter five, of the gospel was confined to the in the Book of Mormon, we have

Jews. It was only when the Jews reone of the most remarkable parables

jected the message that Paul and his ever written. It is the teaching of

companions turned to the Gentiles. the Prophet Zenos and is related by

In this Dispensation of the FulJacob. In this parable the house of

ness of Times, the gospel came first Israel is represented as a tame olive

CHURCH BULLETIN BOARDS to the Gentiles and then is to go to tree which the Lord planted in his the Jews. (See D&C 1927.) Howvineyard. The time came when the

for Indoor ever, the Gentiles who receive the tree began to decay and the Lord

it, nourished the part, and greater but are in the gospel Genpruned or Outdoor ssisb cutisof somas to perish. the top began tiles of Israel Lord the Then blood have who

Use... in their veins. There is a very sigsaid, "it grieveth me that I should

Famous DAVSON Boards nificant statement in the words of lose this tree; wherefore, go and

... ChangeableLetter Moroni as recorded on the title page pluck the branches from a wild oliveAnnounce-Directory and Boards, of the Book of Mormon that it was: tree and bring them hither unto me; Corkment Boards,

Boards,Chalk Name "... To come forth by the gift and we will pluck off those main etc.Plates,

and power of God unto the interprebranches which are beginning to

WRITE for free catalog. tation thereof—Sealed by the hand wither away, and we will cast them

the of hid unto Moroni, and up into the fire that they may beA. C.

Oept. IE, DAVENPORT311 North Desplaines Street,& SON,Chicago'6,INC.Illinois in forth time Lord, to come due by burned.

way of the Gentile—The interpreta- "And behold, saith the Lord of the

M I>< < > < 1 -4 1-t<()i-'| tion thereof by the gift of God."vineyard, I take away many of these

How did the Book of Mormon come young and tender branches, and I

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS forth? By the hand of Joseph Smith. will graft them whithersoever I will;

Yet we read in the Book of Mormon, and it mattereth not that if it so be

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple (See 2 Nephi, 3:7-15) that Joseph that the root of this tree will perish, I

sore throat and other minor mouth Smith is the descendant of Joseph may preserve the fruit thereof unto and throat irritations. who was sold into Egypt by his myself; wherefore, I will take these

HALL'S REMEDY brethren, nevertheless he came by young and tender branches, and I

Salt Lake City. Utah

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will graft them whithersoever I will. olive tree, that had been grafted to of Israel with the wild olive trees, or

"Take thou the branches of the bring forth fruit, while the main Gentile peoples, in all parts of the wild olivetree, and graft them in, branches of the original olive tree world. Therefore we find in China,

in the stead thereof; and these which had withered away. Japan, India, and in all other coun-

I have plucked off I will cast into tries that are inhabited by the Genthe fire and burn them, that they tiles that the blood of Israel was may not cumber the ground of my scattered, or "grafted,"among them.

vineyard.... Therefore in this day of gathering

"And it came to pass that the the Lord is fulfilling his purposes

Lord of the vineyard went his way, LOVE IS A GARMENT and is calling back into the fold of and hid the natural branches of the BY S. OMAR BARKER the True Shepherd, the children of

tame olivetree in the nethermost Abraham. They are largely of the

parts of the vineyard, some in one Love is a garment, tribe of Ephraim, for Ephraim was and some in another, according to Carelessly worn, given the blessing of standing at the his will and pleasure.... Its delicate fabric head in the last days:

"And it came to pass that the Lord Is easily torn. "And they,"that is, returning

of the vineyard looked and beheld Israel, "shall bring forth their rich the tree in the which the wild olive When love is worn snugly, treasures unto the children of branches had been grafted; and it Well wrapped about, Ephraim, my servants.

had sprung forth and begun to bear The more wear you give it, "And the boundaries of the everfruit. And he beheld that it was The less it wears out! lasting hills, shall tremble at their

good; and the fruit thereof was like presence.

unto the natural fruit."(Jacob 5:7-9, "And there shall they fall down

14,17.) and be crowned with glory, even in

This is a very interesting parable, Zion, by the hands of the servants but what is here written will suffice. of the Lord, even the children of

It reveals to us the fact that the The interpretation of this parable, Ephraim."(D&C 133:3133.)

Lord in scattering Israel to all parts and we have presented only a fragTherefore there is reason to beof the world caused the branches of ment of it, is a story of the scattering lieve the patriarch had the correct the tame olive tree and the wild of Israel and the mixing of the blood inspiration.

with extras money's rewarded important Your when SEWARD! / at Savings Western your account you maintain

FOR where you always get the very most for your savings....

... and get these advantages: WESTERN Open your account now

SAVERS llllllFull IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMearnings on your money from thellllllfirstIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMof the month for all deposits made by the tenth of the month.

Your account insured to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and

Loan Insurance Corporation.

Western pays the postage both ways when you saveby-mail.

New dividend period begins July 1.

Open your account today.

Use this convenient coupon.

WESTERN SAVINGS

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Enclosed is my check money WESTERN order for S Please open a savings account in the name of: SAVINGS

Name

(if a joint account put second name here)

WESTERN SAVINGS AND LOAN COMPANY Address.

DOWNTOWN OFFICE: 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH

COTTONWOOD OFFICE: 4989 HIGHLAND DRIVE City State

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JULY 1961 535 These Times of British control in the Suez area RAIN BIRD in 1956.

for [VERY sprinkling need 3. Liberia. Liberia is a small na-

( Continued from page 482 tion established in 1847 as an independent state. It is unique and owes

there is historic evidence to demonits existence in part to the United strate a rather different and conStates of America. With 37,000

scious purpose on the part of the square miles of territory and 1,500,- built British the great men who imoldest is the 000 people it secondWhatever of the system eighteenth and contination therequirements independent on your—sprinklinglarge perial

area, small area, along nineteenth centuries. Their formula nent, second only to Ethiopia.

walks, under restated folas be may somewhat South Africa. Union 4. The of

hillsides aon—trees,there's lows: "Divide let the local and Slightly larger than Ethiopia, with BirdRain to do model

the job efficiently without people rule."Or, it could be put 473,000 square miles, the Union of

water waste. There are another way: "Let local selfdeter- South Africa gained local independBirdRain Sprinklers which mination find under British a way the British ence from and in 1910 for adjusted be anycan political guidance toward indeformally severed with its connection circle, full ofpart or

circle, and distance of pendence and local selfrule."the British commonwealth in 1961.

givewater throw. All reimagine inhabitants It contains Who can 15,000,000 the USSR

slow, uniform coverage local linquishing painsautonomy, appears to and be racked with inwith maximum watering benefits. takingly developing institutions for

complete independence, on the part same The high of the many different peoples inquality and advancement, into corporated that sysimperial which has tem? stories of the great distinguished of A good man doubles the length of One

BirdRain throughout the the twentieth century is the story of his life,'for to be able to enjoy in years, isworld for 26 in Raininherent every Bird new nations coming into being, most memory one's past life, is to live today.sprinkler buy you

of them formerly British territory. twice.

Literature gladly sent free on request. The major current difficulty in—Martial

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP. Africa is that the fortysix units,

627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California twentyseven of them independent

and nineteen under European influence of one type or another, are too few and too much divided to permit ternal dissension among the Dutch, active participation of African states British, and native inhabitants.

in the international game of power 5. Libya. Libya, the former Italian

politics. Only Egypt since World colony, a vast stretch of sandy waste

War II has played much of a power on the south Mediterranean, is the role in the game. What are the largest of all the older five inde-

"African powers"? What is the curpendent states, with 676,000 square

rent lineup? miles. But it is also the youngest of

1. Ethiopia. Ethiopia is the oldest the "old five,"having gained its inindependent state in Africa today. dependence December 22, 1951, as

This ancient state traces its history a consequence of settlements growback to the days of Solomon. With ing out of World War II. It has

463,000 square miles of territory, 1,200,000 inhabitants.

21,000,000 inhabitants mark it as the Of these five states, it would apsecond most populous country in pear that the ( 1 ) United Arab Rethis seething continent. Absence of public (Egypt) with its capital at

education and industry mark it for Cairo, (2) the Union of South Africa something less than an active role in with its capital at Pretoria, and international politics. Its mountain (3) Ethiopia with its capital at

fastnesses in the air age, however, Addis Ababa, are the strongest presprovide something of strategic iment powers but are some years portance which will always bear distant from developing an "Africa reckoning. for Africans"policy. Yet, at the mo-

2. The United Arab Republic ment, these three powers appear to

(Egypt). Egypt, with 386,000 be the most prominent as well as the

square miles, is smaller than Ethioldest independent powers on the opia. But its 25,000,000 inhabitants great continent.

and its strategic location at the What of the new states?

crossroads of four continents indiFollowing is a list of the twentycate a major role. Egypt gained its two new countries. All have gained

independence from British rule in their independence since January 1, 1922 and eliminated the last vestiges 1956. They are listed in rank order

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Samsonite CHAIR BUYER'S GUIDE

of their size, based on population.

The date of independence is shown in parentheses:

1. Nigeria35,280,000 (October 1,

1960) 2. Congo—(formerly Belgian) 13,-

700,000 (June 30, 1960) 3. Sudan11,400,000 (January 1,

1956) 4. Morocco10,330,000 (March 2,

1956) 5. The Malagasy Republic-5,200,- f*

000 (June 26, 1960) 6. Ghana-4,900,000 (March 6,

1957) 7. The Mali Republic-4,300,000

(Junev 20, 1960) 8. Upper Volta-4,000,000 ( August

5, 1960) Saw chair Samsonite 9. Tunisia-3,850,000 (March 20,

15 years ago mjtist off purchased 1961i so niassemblyt e c h ai line ||1956) 10. Cameroon-3,200,000 (January HOW LONG SHOULD A FOLDING CHAIK LAST? 1, 1960)

11. The Ivory Coast-3,100,000 Themadechairby Samsonite—on the left wasboughtone inof 1946the firstby braces.ElectricallyBonderizingwelded tubefor ruststeel.resistance.Arched cross

(August 7, 1960) American Legion Post 190, Detroit, Mich. These chairs are engineered for years of

12. Niger-2,800,000 (August 3, ners,Afteretc.,15 thisyearschairof use(withat 299meetings,othersdinby service.190. ThoughHow onemanyof theiryears?originalAsk Legion300 chairsPost

1960) Samsonite) is still used, still sturdy, still comneeded a minor adjustment, they haven't 13. Guinea-2,800,000 (September fortable. What is Samsonite's big secret? had to replace a Samsonite chair yet.

group club, other school, church, For

Toil28, 1958) Yellow sec your information, seating findIn ItTh

InBros., write: or Shwayder Pages Pages 14. Chad-2,610,000 (August 11, Yellow Division, Dept. jstitutional Seating Samsonite Michigan. Detroit 29, IE711960) FOLDING CHAIRS

15. Senegal-2,600,000 (June 20,

1960) 16. Dahomey-2,000,000 (August

1, 1960) 17. Somalia-1,370,000 (July 1,

1960) 18. Togo-1,100,000 (April 27,

1960) 19. Central African Republic—

1,150,000 (August 13, 1960) 20. Congo (formerly French)—

800,000 (August 15, 1960) 21. Mauritania730,000 (November 28, 1960)

22. Gabon410,000 (August 17,

1960) Here are twentytwo new nations.

It will be years before public opinion generally can identify each, locate it, know something of its geography, climate, products, peoAll sorts of advice for modern, American living can be found policy. foreign ples, and government,

that here on the women's pages of The Salt Lake Tribune. There is feeling has the One

again, in line with historic British ac|v ice f rom Edan Wright—for teenagers; advice—from Ann

called has been world policy, a new of Landers—for anyone; food buying advice; fashion advice; the balance redress "to into being

the old."The AfroAsian bloc at the food preparation advice; beauty advice,- health advice and

United Nations may well develop into an African bloc per se. New advice for home care.

to be are also about alliances is born. And without the women's pages, you will never know who under continent dark is now The

the spotlight in these times. marrying whom... or how beautiful a bride can look in

flowing lace Read it all in jj jfa Mlt* 537 JULY 1961

What Is

k k j"

A CHURCH ASSIGNMENT TEMPORAL AND SPIRITUAL CELESTIAL MARRIAGE ETERNAL LIFE

FOR EVERY ADULT BROTHER PROGRESSION

Brethren who hold the Melchizedek Priesthood are Priesthood officers should study and evaluate the called and appointed to minister for the salvation needs and positions of each individual quorum memof their fellow men. ber and should seek to have each brother placed

If they magnify their callings in the priesthood, where he can and will serve most willingly and ably.

they are rewarded with eternal life in the kingdom Bishops can supply church assignments; quorum,

of God. building, and welfare projects abound; committee

A major part of the responsibility of those serving assignments are almost always available; opportunities

in positions of priesthood leadership is to labor with to serve as ward teachers, in the auxiliary organizatheir less active brethren in an attempt to bring the tions, in the great missionary enterprises of the full blessings of the priesthood into their lives. kingdom, in any of a hundred different ways—such

This work with delinquent or inactive priesthood are always available.

bearers is carried forward under the general heading, 2. Temporal and Spiritual Progression

"Priesthood Reactivation."Melchizedek Priesthood quorums have an important

To aid those called and appointed to labor in this responsibility for the temporal and spiritual wellgreat priesthood reactivation work, we present the being of their members.

following summary of the objectives and procedures As to temporal matters, the whole field of the of the program: church welfare program is involved. This is the field

of rehabilitation. If a brother needs employment, the

OBJECTIVES OF PRIESTHOOD REACTIVATION quorum should help him get it; if he needs a better

job, again the quorum can help; if he needs counsel

These are four in number: and direction in regulating any of his temporal affairs,

1. A Church Assignment for Every Adult Brother it is to the quorum that he should turn.

This is where priesthood reactivation really begins. As to spiritual progression—such comes by obedi-

A priesthood bearer may make some slight contribuence to the standards of the Church. A brother

tion to the Church and its programs, or he may progresses in spiritual concerns by keeping the commaintain some nominal affiliation with church organmandments: morality, business integrity, tithing,

izations, but until he begins to give of himself in Sabbath observance, the Word of Wisdom, and service in the kingdom, he is not actually in the so forth.

full path of duty. Two means in particular are given quorum

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Priesthood Reactivation Program?

presidents to learn the status of conformity to church 2. Schools for Elders and Their Wives

standards of each quorum member. One is the anIn principle, all that applies to schools for the

nual confidential interview and report, the other is senior members applies also to schools for holders of the white card system used in the priesthood reactivathe Melchizedek Priesthood and their wives. Separate

tion program. Information gained by these two schools should be held for each group, either on a

means should be used to guide and lead quorum ward, area, or stake basis. Generally, in both inmembers in paths of spiritual progression. stances, it is better to have a good instructor who

3. Celestial Marriage will carry forth an organized and cohesive program

Priesthood reactivation is not complete until a man rather than to try to get a number of big name lechas been sealed to his family in the temple. This turers. Graduation ceremonies, banquets, and the like

order of matrimony lays the foundation for the greatare frequently appropriate.

est marital happiness in this life and opens the door to 3. Church Activity Program

possible exaltation and glory in the world to come. The Church and all its organizations and programs

Quorum officers should have affirmative and definite taken together carry a tremendously effective conprograms to get all of their members married or verting pull. It is now and always has been part of

sealed in the temple. the church program to try and get all members to

4. Eternal Life participate in the various functions, activities, and

"... if you keep my commandments and endure programs of the Church. Brethren frequently are

to the end you shall have eternal life, which is the reactivated through attending Sacrament meetings, greatest of all the gifts of God."(D&C 14:7.) priesthood sessions, or auxiliary organization functions.

"... he who doeth the works of righteousness shall Quorum, ward, and stake projects, socials, missionary

receive his reward, even peace in this world, and ventures, and the like are always helpful. When an

eternal life in the world to come."(Ibid., 59:23.) inactive brother rubs shoulders with congenial associates in a spirit of brotherhood and fraternalism,

PRIESTHOOD REACTIVATION PROCEDURES nothing but good can result.

4. Personal Missionary Approach

These are many and varied. One approach will Much has been said of this approach to priesthood

touch the heart of one brother; a different one will

reactivation. It is as old as the Church. Active

impress someone else. There are certain wellorgan-

brethren have always been asked to bring back into ized programs which should be going on all the time. activity those who are not putting first in their lives

All of these have real converting power, and all the things of God's kingdom. Social, fraternal, recreshould be tied together into one unified program.

ational, civic, cultural, and other avenues are always

Among other things, the following procedures will open to get our brethren around to the point where materially aid quorum officers in their reactivation they will begin to take more interest in spiritual affairs.

procedures:

1. Schools for Senior Members of the Aaronic 5. Cottage Meetings with Brethren and Their

Families Priesthood Much has been said about these; their value and These are some of the best converting tools ever

effectiveness are wellknown. Thousands of senior devised, and yet their use by Melchizedek Priesthood

members of the Aaronic Priesthood and their wives quorums has not been nearly so frequent as circumhave attended them, have been touched by the Spirit, stances warrant.

and have been led to a course of renewed activity and Conversion is conversion, whether it is in the Church righteousness in the kingdom. or out of it. If brethren (Continued on page 550)

JULY 1961 539 With the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ in these latter days, we are given many wonderful blessings. Every boy who is ordained to the Aaronic

Priesthood should strive to gain an understanding of the magnitude of his priesthood responsibilities. Above

all, he should learn his duties and the opportunity and obligation he has to prepare himself to serve as a missionary. He must realize the everpresent obligation of being prepared to, "... serve him with all

your heart, might, mind and strength, that ye may stand blameless before God at the last day."

(D&C 4:2.) Every boy in the Aaronic Priesthood should have a desire within his heart to be a missionary. To be an

emissary of Jesus Christ and proclaim this marvelous work to all men is a solemn obligation. When a

young man reaches the age of twelve and has had conferred upon him the AaronMissionary ic Priesthood, he should be determined to prepare "Savings himself by memorizing important scriptures and Account, reading the Book of Mormon, the Bible, the Doctrine and Covenants, and A Blessing the Pearl of Great Price.

TO EACH MEMBER As he studies and develops

OF THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOC spiritually, he will come to know the importance of a i good attitude; to know

what a blessing it is to be a member of the Church and a bearer of the priesthood.

As an Aaronic Priesthood boy plans and thinks about the time when he will be called to serve a mission, he should give particular emphasis to setting up a missionary savings account. Many young men

in the Church start when they are deacons to put away money for a mission. This habit of saving

regularly for a mission has many advantages:

1. A personal missionary fund helps one keep an

eye single to the goal for which it is intended.

2. It is a constant reminder of the mission obligation.

3. The fund helps relieve the strain on the family

budget. 4. The principle of thrift is taught.

5. A mission will mean more because of the personal financial sacrifice.

Young men should not feel that it is their father's sole responsibility to provide the necessary funds for their mission.

Many facilities for developing our talents are provided for us in the priesthood and the auxiliary organizations. Personal blessings will come to a young

man as he takes advantage of the opportunities of the priesthood to serve our Father in heaven.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SENIOR MEMBERS NEED YOUR LOVE It is easier to stay home on Sunday morning and read the newspaper than to face the formidable task of

Many of our brethren are wandering on strange being alone in a group. They are possessed by a

roads, walking in forbidden paths, or standing in the real fear of not knowing what to expect; of entering

midst of darkness. the wrong door or sitting with the wrong group;

Sometimes we find circumstances of unusual proof shaking hands with strangers or being called upon portion that seem to drive Church activity out of a to pray.

person's life. More frequently, however, inactivity It is proper that we be concerned about these men

comes about gradually. As we eliminate the Spirit and their families. Every member of the Church

of the Lord from our lives, unhappiness moves in. should feel a responsibility to extend the hand of

Frequently, this process commences with apathy, friendship and of love, to invite them to go with us carelessness, lack of study, neglected prayers, pride, to priesthood meeting, to attend Sacrament meeting disobedience, or worldliness, or with a combination with us, to attend the various social activities of the of these and other similar reasons. Church, to go with us to work on our welfare projects,

Regardless of the causes, we find throughout the to invite them into our homes for a dish of ice cream.

Church a group of men with their wives who are These men need the attention of every member in desirous of renewed activity in the Church. Most of the Church. No one of us should feel it is our prethem, however, are inhibited with fear. rogative to withhold or attempt to deny the blessings

They are afraid to attend church because it has of repentance to these men and their families. The

been many years since being inside of a chapel. The Church needs their activity. They need to know

natural feeling of selfconsciousness possesses them. that our Father in heaven loves them.

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

SAFE DRIVING AFFECTS YOUR ECONOMIC FUTURE

that day; nor did he see them that week. In fact, it

was only through divine providence that seemed to intercede to spare his life, that he was able to be with them again after six months in the hospital.

Driving an automobile is such common routine that most of us become apathetic and assume that an accident is what happens to other people. During 1960,

in one of the lesspopulated states, 256 people lost

Accidents like this are just part of the story of unsafe their lives on the highway. In this same state, accidriving and its impact upon our economic future. dents cost the citizens $25,709,726. This would be an

It was a beautiful spring day when Bill left home average of $95.93 for every automobile registered in

to drive the hundredmile distance to his parents'that state; or $32.26 for every man, woman, and child

home. He was desirous of seeing his two lovely in the same state.

daughters who were staying with Grandmother'When a person while emotionally upset or with a while his wife was still in the hospital after giving wrong attitude gets behind the wheel of an autobirth to their first boy. He was proud of his new mobile, surely it is an invitation for trouble. It is

boy and wanted to share his joy with his daughters. our responsibility to maintain the right attitude as a

As he drove along the highway, his thoughts wandriver, and we must be constantly on guard for those dered to the many times he had driven over this road. who will not assume this responsibility. It is a serious

Each time he could boast of how much less time mistake when we give way to anger, speed, fatigue, the trip required. impatience, or daydreaming while driving. Our chalWhat is that character trying to do, was the queslenge as mature, responsible citizens would seem to

tion in his mind as he observed another automobile be that we must train ourselves always to expect the in front. Quickly, his foot hit the brake pedal. The unexpected. Let us use unslumbering selfsupervision

tires screamed as the sound of metal crashing against for our own driving habits, and think not to say, "I'm metal echoed over the countryside. a safe driver—never had an accident in my life."This

No, Bill didn't get to see his daughters or new son was Bill's first accident—it could have been his last.

JULY 1961 541...

HOURSMINUTE MEALS

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

Eating is a universal habit no one has found possible to break and still stay healthy. Anyway it's a delightful habit that needs little cultivation. Toiling over a

hot stove, both winter and summer, has been woman's lot down through the ages. Husbands and children

must be nourished.

Today the stoves aren't hot, and the toiling isn't long, but still families must be fed. Science has visited

the kitchen, depositing shiny colorful appliances to take the place of hot coals and elbow grease. Housekeeping is happier today than ever before; that is, if

we make it so. The state of mind has a great deal to

do with the climate of our kitchens. A happy outlook

on life is worth far more than gold and rubies. It

enriches all it touches, turning clouds into sunshine.

The mother is the thermostat of her home. She can

regulate the temperature to a happy, healthy "normal."

So the next time a thundercloud passes through your kitchen, look in the mirror and tell yourself, "I can make the sun shine brightly again."

A rainbow is always a fascinating phenomenon. A

tiny child is attracted to it; young men have been

known to chase after the pot of gold at the end of it;

and old age receives a promise from the shining bow.

No one can buy a rainbow; a million dollars could

not deliver one to your door. In this way it is something like love. One can't buy a rainbow or a love

that is true.

What have modern appliances, weather, rainbows, and a happy outlook on life to do with July? Tempers

can flare in the heat, and a little reminding may not be amiss. So, mothers, if you are so important as

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a regulator to your family, keep yourselves rested canned or fresh. Just before serving, heat the waffles

and at an even keel. Plan your summer work with in a toaster and serve topped with the delicious

infinite care, so the long, hot midday hours may be creamed shrimp. Prepare the tomato aspic early in the

spent in a leisurely manner, storing up peace and morning and put in individual molds and set in rehappiness in you ready to renew your family each frigerator until dinner time. The watermelon also

dinner hour. As you rebuild yourself you will find should be tucked away in the refrigerator to chill.

a new awareness growing within you. The flowers

will be brighter, the lawn greener, the sky bluer, your Tomato Aspic neighbor kinder, the children more fun, your hus- 1 package lemon jello band more understanding and considerate, the whole 1% cups hot tomato juice world more real and in focus. Learn to see with V4 cup minced green onions

your eyes even a tiny hummingbird flitting from 1 cup cooked, cut string beans flower to flower, learn to listen with your ears; you'll V2 cup ripe olive halves

find a new quietness in early morning; learn to really season with salt, pepper, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves,

tabasco, and garlic salt

Heat the tomato juice, dissolve the lemon jello in it, season, and add other ingredients. Put in molds and

place in refrigerator to set until the evening meal is served. Unmold on garden lettuce and enjoy.

II taste the sweetness and tartness of freshly picked berries; learn to feel more the emotions of those Barbecued Franks

around you, and you will be a more whole person. Hearty Bean Salad

And through your wholeness those nearest to you Baked Potato with Parsley Butter will be rebuilt. Quick Dessert

To have this time that you need for yourself, you must plan—plan—plan. Eating should be a joy in Make the barbecue sauce in the morning and set

hot weather—not a task. Plan minute meals—dinners aside until 30 minutes before dinner. Then pour over

that can be prepared, almost in their entirety, in the weiners and let simmer in oven along with the baked early hours of the day, or dinners that almost prepare potatoes for 30 minutes. The potatoes will take about

themselves as you serve them, or two or three dinners an hour at 350 degrees F.

prepared at one time and eaten on successive days. All

are time savers, but they are delicious, nourishing, Barbecue sauce and enjoyable to consume. % cup vinegar

1 cup water Minute Meals F/2 cups catsup Vz teaspoon cayenne I 2 bay leaves V2 teaspoon pepper Waffles with Creamed Shrimp Salt

Garden Fresh Peas V2 teaspoon mustard

Tomato Aspic 1 teaspoon chili powder

Iced Watermelon 1 teaspoon brown sugar

Dash of nutmeg This menu is truly a summer supper that can be prepared in the cool of the day. Prepare your waffles Mix ingredients and simmer for about a half hour.

and bake them to a light brown color in the morning. Hearty Bean Salad may be made early in the day,

Store them wrapped in foil in the refrigerator. Make and it seems to be better on standing. Combine

a tasty rich cream sauce, cover the pan and store in slender, cooked string beans, red kidney beans, baby refrigerator until 15 minutes before serving. At that limas, and add diced celery and coarsely grated carrot

time heat the sauce in double boiler, season with in a large salad bowl. Season mayonnaise with a

chopped parsley and fold in cooked shrimps, either dash of lemon juice, prepared mustard, and instant

JULY 1961 543 minced onion. Mix with vegetables. 1 cup sliced, ripe olives then at dessert time brought to the

At serving time mound on salad % cup milk table, light, airy, and elegant.

greens and garnish with crisply 1 tablespoon instant minced onion cooked crumbled bacon. Dash of pepper Fantasy Vie

Vz teaspoon salt Quick Dessert Filling Combine all the ingredients. Melt

Crush peanut brittle and fold into 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet, 3 egg yolks, beat slightly slightly softened vanilla ice cream. pour in egg mixture and cook, stir 1 lemon, use juice and also grated

Spoon over chilled, sliced peaches. occasionally until the eggs are set. rind

Serve with cheese grated sparingly % cup sugar

Ill on top.

Broiled Lamb Chops—Broiled Baked V Cook in the top of a double boiler

Potato Halves until thickened. Cool. Whip 1 cup

Oven Fried Chicken whipping cream very thick and fold Creamed Butter Beans Vegetables Oriental in lemon mixture. Salad Ginger Mint

Slices Sesame Toasted Chilled Grapes—CheeseTokay

Crackers Creamed Fruit Salad Tie Shell (recipe in May 1961 Era)

Cook the butter beans in the mornFantasy Pie Beat 2 egg whites until foamy, ing just until tender; drain and cover add V& teaspoon cream of tartar and

with cream seasoned with salt, pepbeat until stiff. Gradually add V2

per, and butter. Leave in refrigerator cup sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla.

until 10 minutes before serving, heat Grease pie pans and cover pans and and thicken, if desired. Bake too up the sides of pan with mixture.

many potatoes one day and use part Bake 300 degrees F. for 55 minutes.

of them peeled, halved, and mariWhen shell is cool, fill with lemon nated in tangy French dressing and WEALTH filling and sprinkle with toasted broil along with the meat. BY BETTY BURNS GLAZIER coconut.

In the cool of the morning make Try these easyto-prepare meals, limeflavored gelatin, using ginger- I can't recall and you will be happy that "eating ale for the one cup of cold liquid How many times is a habit,"and you will also disand % cup canned fruit cocktail I've heard my mother say, cover you have some precious hours syrup heated to boiling for the hot "The only thing to spend renewing yourself.

liquid in which to dissolve the gelaYou really keep tin, add a drop or two of peppermint Is what you give away."extract, a little grated lemon rind, SUMMER SUGGESTIONS

and a tablespoon of lemon juice.

When it is slightly thickened fold in 1. Good conversation in the shade

the drained canned fruit cocktail and of a tree with a sprinkler running chill until firm. Serve on young water close by will take 10 degrees

crisp watercress. off anyone's brow.

2. Hot soup, chilled salad, and a

IV frozen dessert—3 ways in one meal

This whole menu may be prepared to combat a hot day.

Olive Scramble—Corn on the Cob in the early morning ready for an 3. To make a friend, serve seaTossed Green Salad evening gala dinner. Prepare the soned consomme over cracked ice,

(dressing recipe in June 1960 Era) chicken for frying, dip in fine bread accompanied by crisp sesame seed

Bran Muffins and Marmalade crumbs, pepper, paprika, and a rounds.

Sherbet sprinkling of flour. Roll in melted 4. Sparkling clear gelatins take the

butter shallow place on and or two. a point pan, temperature down prealmost that supper is a This until refrigerator store in hour one

tall lift itself serve it. While chilling serve as youpares 5. For a in serving. degrees before 325 Cook

the corn is boiling make the egg F. oven for one hour or until tender. glasses of Frost Punch. Combine 2

scramble and toss the salad greens. For the oriental vegetable, add a cups of crushed strawberries and

The bran muffins are good served cup of bean sprouts and a 5 ounce juice, 1 cup orange juice, % cup cold with orange marmalade, so they can of water chestnuts, drained and lemon juice, dash of salt, 4 cups of may be baked early in the day. The sliced thin to 2 cups of cooked tender milk and 2 cups crushed ice and

sherbet comes prepared from the string beans, add a dash of soy sauce, sugar to taste. Beat with a rotary

dairy. cover and let stand in refrigerator beater, chill.

light music book and dreamy A pleasantly. pass hours the hotOlive Scramble (allow two eggs for untilfore dinner.just time to heat through behelp6.

each serving) Now the Fantasy Pie is the master- 7. Luncheon on a hot July day:

8 eggs, beaten piece of the dinner. It must be frozen fruit salad, little broiled

1 7 oz. can tuna made about ten hours before serving, sausages, potato chips sprinkled with

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grated nippy cheese and heated in This is the place to stay in Salt Lake City the oven, and nut bread.

8. To hasten the setting of gelatin,use 1 cup boiling water to dissolve HOTEL UTAH

the jello, then pour into a 2 cupmeasuring cup and fill to top with and MOTOR LODGE crushed ice. Stir until the ice is

dissolved then place in refrigerator SWIM at the Motor Lodge to complete setting.

beautiful new DINE at the sliced and cucumber 9. Lime jello,

atop the hotel Room, SKY for apineapple chunks combine the Coffee Shopcooling effect. or

Restaurant the Crossroads or 10. Cool elegance: Jellied salmon (Motor Lodge)

salad, baking powder biscuits, and iced lemonade. For the salmon SEE the outstanding scenic

salad use: attractions nearby

1 package lemon gelatin, 1% cups boiling water, 2 tablespoons vinegar, YOUR CHOICE of downtown locations, pound can of red salmon, drained adjacent to Temple Square and flaked, V2 cup chopped celery, Modern, air conditioned rooms % cup chopped cucumber, 1 tableWrite or phone DAvis 8-91 14 for reservationsspoon chopped pimiento, and 1 Max Dean, Manager tablespoon grated onion. Combine,

chill, set, and enjoy.

11. Keep a fruit bowl handychilled, of course—good eating.

12. Milk shakes can be adult fare

as well as children's delight. Try

blending 3 cups milk, 3 mashed bananas, V2 cup crushed ice, dash of exclusive! portable transistor

sugar. Shake and pour into tall

frosted glasses and sprinkle ground TAPE RECORDER nutmeg on top. Few calories.

frost dip the edge 13. a glass To

slightly juice beaten orin egg 95 lemonwhite then into powdered sugar. 29

14. Honey coolers are for JulyBUY ON EASY TERMS

use 4 cups milk, 1 cup strained honey. tablespoons Compeaches, 4 single control operation - MISSIONARY FOR THE well. chill, bine, shake

2 Less than lbs.—WxWix records automatically and with drinks Stir iced fancy. 15. Be will Futura the 3%", fabulous

records less in stick of experiences his stick or a long record anything—anywhereerases cinnamon a

it write. to takes than time electricity needed no candy.peppermint

so too, yourself, for Get one but not dilute drinks, precision engineered 16. To chill forth. "talk"back and can components you

freeze lemonade, orange, or any simplified instruction manual Excellent for businessmen, fruit juice in the ice cube tray and two 3-inch reels reuseable tape students.

use in place of ice. 'tutone high impact plastic case ZCMI 47RECORDSouth MainCENTER

filled. express collect. Sent promptly MAIL ORDERS Spirit of Pageant

tax. add Utah residents 3% sales

(Continued from page 504)

buried at the summit of Hill Cumorah, where in the year 1823, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the ancient record was revealed to the young Prophet Joseph Smith, later translated who it by the "gift "Gospel in Arf Program of God."and power

The great "Mormon Pageant,"acclaimed as "America's largest reWatch for future announcements on this great opportunity ligious spectacle,"serves as the

Church's greatest mass missionary Exclusively for subscribers to endeavor. And all who enter into

the spirit of pageant will continue to carry it wherever they go. The Improvement

JULY 1961 545 Gives you the ultimate Anniversary of the was the production of the King in fingertip total King James Version James Version.

Although the 1611 version is comelectric living now. (Continued from page 499) monly called the Authorized Version,

it should be pointed out that it never rules other seven The received were inat "auany time a formal to secure a certain uniformity and for years to come. tended thorization"any competent by body

or universality of language despite either in church or state. An order

the fact that several companies to "authorize"it for the Church of were working on the text. England would have had to come by

It should be noted that the transAct of Parliament, like the Book of lators availed themselves of every Common Prayer.

possible resource to secure excelThe early editions of the King lence in their work. Not only did James Version contained numerous

they use readings in the earlier misprints, some of them glaring.

English translations where they Note that "Judas"is printed for agreed better with the text than the "Jesus"in Matt. 25:26 of the second

Bishops'Bible, but they also referred edition of 1611. When, finally, the

to other translations: the "Chaldee"printing was superintended by the

or Targums; the Syriac Peshitta, pubCambridge Press (especially the

When the future is alllished in Vienna in 1555; the de 1629 and 1638 editions ) great pains

electric, why buy anything Reyna Spanish version of 1569, with were taken to eliminate misprints but a Gold Medallion Home? the Valera's edition of 1602; Oliveand inconsistencies in the use of

tan's French version of 1555; Brucitalics.

cioli's Italian version of 1532; and But the most important printing

Luther's German version. As for the or revision of the Authorized Ver-

"original tongues"in which the Bible sion was the Oxford edition of 1769

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. was printed, the translators had acunder the editorial supervision of

Buy now from your dealer cess to the second edition of the Dr. Blayney Regius, Professor of

in Bible (Venice, Bomberg Hebrew at Literature to Oxford from 1787 as as well other some 1525 ), Hebrew this in 1802. It is edition that the

to hailing the back Soncino Authorized to Version begins ELECTRONIC BUG KILLER! texts, assume

printing of the Septu1488; Greek In Just Plug the well so form today. known Many agint text the of Forget Testament and Old About changes in spelling, were made Bugs! the edition Apocrypha; and Erasmus archaic expressions scientific touched wereNew up

of the Is Testament, Greek Killer pubBug New and understandable, more made and toguaranteed lished at in Basle 1516. Constant usekill flies, fleas, the marginal references rewere

ants,moths, also of the was Latin Vulgate made enlarged. examined androaches, chronmos- The

it as the through had comequitoes, down spiological headings, inheritance an silverfish,ders, St. ages from Jerome. Inetc.gnats, of the from work Archbishop Ussher,

sect not does is It lasting the to credit of the if are ever printed seldom to more. anyhave come

unit. in contact for Safety approved with use near King that they James translators not Although thousands of changes have Kills pets. orchildren, food dogs fleas on and their accuracy in only sought workcats! hospitals, restaurants, hotels Used by and in the Authorized Verbeen made

farms. Clean, odorless and unbreakable. 10yr. but beauty as well. Sound and sion during the last three centuries,guarantee. unit sufficient for average home. One

offer:Special carefullv $9.00. $4.95 - 2 for attended were rhvthm to, they are superficial mainly in charLos P.O. Box 34711,MAEBAR, they renderings lovely Angeles 34, Calif. and adopted acter. textDept. MO. The subhas remained

of passages of scriptures from whatstantially the same.

ever source they find could them, time has As the advanced Authoris It renditions. including Catholic ized Version has become more and TYPEWRITERS that the Verno wonder King James solidly more entrenched afin the especially suitable for sion characterized unit has as a been fection of Englishspeaking peoples.

of as a translation unrivalled and this point At well ask we may what style. scholar GirdleEnglish The the strengths and weaknesses respecGENEALOGY WORK

it of stone in this speaks modestly tively of this version for are today. us SAVE!! way: (1) The beauty, prose, and rhythm,

consider subtlethe "Whether we it and heavy punctuation idealmake to 25% 60% or ness the of its English accuracy of ly suited for public reading. It (2) Rebuilts Factory on its realize led to renderings are we has had a influence tremendous on

PORTABLES - STANDARDS as we never did before the wealth of English literature. If its influence

ELECTRICS our possession and the beauty of our has lessened, it is partly because of

Write For Free Literature inheritance."our materialistic age. (3) It has set

A Roman Catholic official is once a devotional standard such that it

Szhhsdjsuidu dnc. saidest blowto havethe remarkedReformationthatmovementthe hardhasgreaterhad thanas onethewriteractualsays,meaning"a powerof

Business Machines and Supplies ever delivered against Catholicism its words."(4) Its accuracy is pretty

757 So. State

Salt Lake City 11, Utah

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fair even today; in 1611 it was about

the best that could be produced.

The New Testament translation is more accurate than the Old Testament inasmuch as a knowledge of

Hebrew at that time was not upon the same high plane as the knowledge of Greek.

Now let us look at the weaknesses of the Authorized Version as viewed by modern scholars. I, by no means,

always agree with their conclusions and shall comment on some of the points given. ( 1 ) The version of 1611

was based on medieval Hebrew and

Greek texts which, in the light of modern knowledge, need to be replaced by upto-date ones. The New

Testament, for example, was based upon the textus receptus of Erasmus of 1516 and succeeding editions (in- /"cluding Beza's text of 1598), a now hopelessly outmoded Greek text—so

the scholars say. A much better

Hebrew text for the Old Testament is now available, not to mention the fact that our knowledge of Hebrew NEW and Semitic languages, and New HOT CEREAL DISCOVERY

Testament Greek, is much greater. FROM CARNA TION!

(2) The language of the Authorized

Version, beautiful Elizabethan and

Jacobean English, is no longer the 100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich

English of ordinary persons. Itslanguage is too archaic and misunflavor! Wonderful new smoothness

derstood today. It is too often obNow-a different kind of hot cereal! Brings welcome

scure and contains inconsistencies variety, new flavor enjoyment, and finest natural and errors which need to be nourishment to family breakfasts! It is new Carnaremoved. tion Instant Wheat. 100% golden wheat -with won- (arnation

These two points sum up for the withderfulallnewthe smoothness,natural activeplusprotein,deeprichB-vitaminsflavor. Andand

most part the worst criticism aimed minerals of true whole wheat assured by Carnation'sat the Authorized Version. But exclusive lowheat process. Surprise and please the NSTANT

despite these criticisms as set forth family with this new cereal. At your store right now WHEAT

by scholars, the cold fact remains;* V'*. fc j#,o*"TPMBfc-.

that the scholarlv revisions made by DISCOVER NEW CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT TODAY! F", **** - mm

the English (18811885, the English

Revised Version) and the American a quality product from \3TnatiOIl (1901, the American Revised VerVISIT CARNATION EXHIBIT AT CENTURY 21 SEATTLE WORLD'S FAIR / APRIL 21 TO OCTOBER 21, 1962 sion) are much inferior in dignity and beauty, and they have never come into general use in worship.

The popular response to them has been ephemeral.

These translations were too literal

S"THE CENTER OF translations, indeedto be good many ( CONVENIENCE of ystudents X. the Greek New Testastill in use as "ponies"themment rf*%,tm-A theirlearning particularly Greek, the COOeCfi MOTELNEW AMERICA

Version. RevisedAmerican only Not 330BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL ROOMSSHOT MAINSAIONAT FIFTH lADSHSOUTH rein passages thesethat, but many

visions were even more archaic than the renditions in the Authorized Version! Moreover, the uniformitv of

rendering Greek words insisted on the English revisers oftenby gave absurd,an unidiomatic of city order Mm...

JULY 1961 547 English words. It is no wonder that tion of the New Testament by a Give us today our daily bread.

these scholarly revisions have never corps of the finest scholars in EngForgive us the wrong we have done, won popular approval and affection. land has attracted much public atAs we have forgiven those who have

Let us not suppose that these new tention. It also helps celebrate the wronged us.

revisions do not have their good three hundred and fiftieth anniAnd do not bring us to the test, points. They have many. They often versary of the appearance of the But save us from the evil one."

possess greater accuracy in renderAuthorized Version. Although exceling the original text, but this alone lent in many respects, the new What a letdown from the beautidoes not win over the public, parAmerican Version shows few signs ful rendition in the Authorized Verticularly a discerning and spiritual that it will ever take the place of sion! It is flat, insipid, and without

public. the Authorized Version in public power. And because of the transLet us comment just a little on affection and esteem. And in my lators'views of the underlying Greek

the Textus Receptus, the Greek text opinion it is doubtful that the new text, the beautiful doxology [For used by the King James translators English Version ever will—at least thine is the kingdom and the power

of the New Testament. It is alleged the New Testament section which is and the glory, for ever. Amen]

not to represent the oldest and best before us. The Old Testament and comes up missing although it is indiGreek text of the New Testament the Apocrypha will appear later. cated in a footnote. To the Latteravailable. When the English reIn this translation not only was an day Saints this will never do, for

visers brought out their version of attempt made to secure great acthe Prophet Joseph Smith makes it the New Testament in, 1881, they curacy, but also efforts were made clear, both in the Book of Mormon based it on a new Greek text fabrito establish an excellent standard of (3 Nephi 13:13) and in the "Incated by Drs. Westcott and Hort, English in vocabulary, idiom, and spired"revision (Matt. 6:15) that

supposedly the latest and best that rhythm. A special literary panel was the doxology was part of the original

scholars could provide. What the set up to review the work of the text. And why were the translators

public does not generally know is translators in order to secure an adeafraid to translate peirasmos as that the text of these men was conquate English style. This recent "temptation?"Why substitute the

sistently opposed by one of the very English Version is called The New inadequate "test"? To be sure the

ablest textual critics in the world, English Bible and has been ably Greek does have the meaning of

Dr. F. H. A. Scrivener, a member of printed under the direction of the "test"or "trial,"but in this context

the revision company, who gave his University Presses of Oxford and our Lord obviously has in mind support to the Byzantine text which Cambridge. "temptation,"a trial from the evil

was about the same as the Textus Considering the objectives of the one. And temptation is one of the

Receptus. In my humble opinion, it English translators, I am frank to meanings of the Greek word. The

was unfortunate that the able say that I am highly impressed with new English translation will never

Scrivener was repeatedly outvoted the excellence of their work throughenjoy the esteem of the Authorized by twothirds of the revisionists. out large sections of the new verVersion if for no other reason than

Westcott and Hort held excessively sion, but as a member of the Church, it mishandled the Lord's Prayer.

to the Codex Vaticanus and Codex I am constrained to point out that Where was the literary panel when

Sinaiticus (as being nearer to the their lack of inspiration is apparent the translators came up with this original) as scholars are now aware. in many places. This same lack is rendition?

In my opinion the Received Text reflected in all of the many versions Why are the translators afraid of comes nearer to representing the that have come forth in recent years; the word "Christ"in the Four Gosoriginal Gospel texts than do any of it is not confined to The New Engpels? This title given to our Lord

the texts now commonly used, that lish Bible alone. occurs fortyeight times in the Auis, the WestcottHort text, the Nestle Of interest is the fact that the Engthorized Version, the Revised Vertext, the von Soden text, and others. lish translators did not attempt to sion, and the Revised Standard

Latterday Saints interested in establish a new Greek text before Version, but in the New English

Scrivener's struggle with Westcott they began their work. They did not Bible only in John 20:31. Fortyfive

and Hort, not to mention other accept any existing text as authoritatimes Messiah is substituted for the points about the King James Version tive but solved their textual probfamiliar title. Why is Peter made to

should read the courageous book, lems as they proceeded, and the say, "You are the Messiah, the Son

Why the King James Version, by result is an eclectic text. of the living God"(Matt. 16:16)

is plainlyPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr. It is a Now let me indicate why I believe when the Greek word

book to chew and digest, but one that The New English Bible as repChristos?

will come out of the experience well resented by the New Testament secAnd as J. Carter Swaim distressrepaid. Then one should read John tion will never win permanent ingly points out, why do the "saints"

W. Burgon, The Revision Revised esteem as the Authorized Version has almost completely disappear from

and consider the able answer of the done. First of all, let us examine the Epistles? In fortytwo out of

scholarly and redoubtable Dean of the Lord's Prayer in the new version. sixty occurrences of the Greek word

Chichester to the efforts of the Engit is supplanted by "God's people,"lish Revisers. "Our Father in heaven, and a number of other terms are

In 1952 a fresh revision of the Thy name be hallowed; used in the other eighteen cases.

American Standard Version apThy kingdom come, Don't the translators like Christ and peared on the scene, and this year Thy will be done, the Saints?

(1961) a completely fresh translaOn earth as in heaven. How many readers of scripture

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Proudly We Present Our New Ultra Modern Office Buildinghave been thrilled by our Lord's words in the opening verse of John In Provo 14! But the simple, lovely rendition

of the Authorized Version, "Let not your heart be troubled,"is now replaced by, "Set your troubled hearts at rest."An adequate and accurate

rendition of the Greek text, yes, but it can never supplant the King James

Version of the text in question.

In Peter's sublime utterances in the first chapter of his second epistle, we find, for Latterday Saints at least, a real doctrinal loss in the rendering, "All this only confirms for us the message of the prophets, to which you will do well to attend,"Now... we're bigger than ever to serve you better than

which takes the place of the familiar, ever. Our beautiful new offices feature all the latest

"We have also a more sure word of innovations for fast, efficient service in pleasant surroundprophecy; whereunto ye do well that ings. Long the "Savings Leader"in Utah County, DFS

ye take heed."(2 Pet. 1:19.) Let now has over $18,000,000 in assets—over $1,300,000 in current

Latterday Saints read D&C 131:5, reserves. We invite you to join the thrift parade to the rate

and they will begin to sense the loss. all new Deseret Federal in Provo. on insured

Only inspired translators can appreciate the difference in the two savings versions.

We could go on at length picking defects inout English The New ESERET EDERAL

Bible. is of translator the The art SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION

one of the most difficult in existence. 44 South Main St. 95 North University St.

I am not insensible to the good Salt Lake City, Utah I Provo, Utah things in this new translation, but my point here is that it can scarcely be satisfactory to the Latterday

Saints. It can be useful to the

student who knows his way around in scripture, that is, who knows the pitfalls and danger points.

inas a people we be Now should D0N7 BE DEAF!sensible defects, to the other on thehand, of the King James Version? TEAR OUT THIS AD!The Prophet Joseph Smith praised

the old German translators, saying If you act promptly, you are entitled even if you despair of understanding that they were more honest in their to receive a valuable FREE book that easily again. You'll be amazed when

translations than the English transmay change your life overnight. It you see photographs of exciting

lators. Nevertheless, he still conmay be the answer to your prayers Beltones created for folks who won't

tinued to use the Authorized Version, if you are hard of hearing, and want wear a hearing aid for fear of being occasionally correcting it when he to hear again so clearly with BOTH stared at.

preached. One of the difficulties we ears that you'll understand even Write today forthis inspiring FREE

must continually face in reading the whispers. book, sent in plain wrapper, which

grand old version is the very conThis valuable FREE book reveals may give you your second chance siderable number of words which how you may tell who is talking.. at happiness in family, social, busihave become obsolete or archaic, or where sounds come from... end ness and church life. Address:

have changed in meaning or acstrain of trying to hear with one Dept. 4-248 Beltone Laboratories,

quired new meanings, so much so overworked ear. This is possible, 2900 W. 36th St., Chicago 32.

that they no longer convey the sense desired by the King James translators. Anyone interested in the SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS

problem should obtain The Bible with a present appreciated the yearround

Word Book by Ronald Bridges and THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Luther A. Weigle (Thomas Nelson

& Sons, New York) and consider AN IDEAL GIFT FOR carefully its 422 pages in which are Wedd ings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, New Members contained articles on 827 words and Lovely gift card sent in your name phrases. As an example of the Send on ly $3.00 for 12 big issues to

50 Ncirth Main St. Salt Lake C ty 11, Utah

JULY 1961 549 difficulty, consider Joel 2:24 where oughly convinced that the project

we have "the fats shall overflow with of a rival Translation is not to be wine and oil."The average reader entertained for a moment."1

is stunned unless he knows that "fats"is now better supplanted with x The Revision Revised, pp. 113114.

K-3 NO, TABLE "vats."Or consider Matt. 13:21

TEMPERED MASONITE * i where we have, "Yet hath he not BIBLIOGRAPHY poLDING TABLES root in himself, but dureth for a factory saving Sale Summer Schools, to Churches, Clubs, while."Here dureth is the problem. Ronald Bridges and Luther A.

organizareads, and all The original "But he has not Weigle, The Bible Book. Word tions. 1961 Lodges MONROE is in himself, shortlived but Thomas Nelson York. are root Tables Folding Banquet & Sons, New

[i.e., or temporary transitory]."for quality, durunmatched

ability, and convenience Ss=5ft5>'Another in occurs problem appearance. handsome 68 models and some OxfordF. F. UniversityBruce, ThePress,EnglishNew Bible,York. for difficult as in books (such Paul's use. prices sale Write every for summer NOW.sizes William Burgon, John ReviThe epistle to the in following Romans) 1961 FREE—sion Revised, Murray, John AlbeBIGFull pictures. line tables, Color CATALOGchairs, table transitions in the argument. Many

trucks, platformrisers, chair and portable Street, marle London, 1883. translations modern a better job bulletin partitions, do Write today! boards.

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa in this respect than the Authorized Pres. J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Why

Version. Some mistranslations in the The King James Version, Deseret

in evident Frederick This is more C. Grant, the Old Translating

in the than the WHEAT MILL TestamentAuthorized Version need correcting. Book Co., Salt Lake City, Utah. Bible, Seabury New. Press, Greenwich,

ONLY Still another defect, although it Conn.

$695 monotonouscould be remedied,printing ofis thethe wholeflat, of Cecilthe Lord,"Northcott,The "AChristianSharp SwordCenPOSTPAID text in prose. The beautiful poetry tury, March 15, 1961, pp. 320321. ANYWHERE

AMERICAIN present in many Old Testament Ira Maurice Price, The Ancestry books—and on occasion in the New of Our English Bible, Third Revised Cracks or grinds Testament—needs to be dressed up corn wheat, and Edition by Erwin P. and A. W. A.

all kinds of hard in its true form, a form that helps Wikgren, Harper grains, or & soft York. Bros, New

lbs. per min. us T/2 ORDER today in understanding its Robertson, E. H. TransBY MAIL The New meaning. GUARANTEED lations Press, of Ltd., the Bible, SCM

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS But with what weaknesses it has, London.

are our people to the committed Carter Swaim, "The Newest majestic beautiful of and cadences PEHRSON Christian HARDWARE The NewJ. Testament,"Centhe Version. King overJames To 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH tury, 15, 322326. March 1961, pp. archaic the obsolete come words and

phrases it contains, we need to study

THE ERA ourPerhapsEnglishwe needa littlea studymoreBibleclosely.especially designed our to accompany with its new

of use Version. the Authorized A Melchizedek Priesthood Page

YOUTH SECTION series of good LDS commentaries (Continued from page 539) makes an ideal gift would help. I'm sure that no transin our day to comcan hope for lation

affections pete in the were actually converted, they would with our strive to do their full duty in the YOUNG PEOPLE'S familiar version. Many years ago

BIRTHDAY Dean J. W. Burgon said these words: Church, and conversions by the thousands are the direct result of GRADUATION

cottage meetings. WEDDING for"Asprivatea companionedification:in theas studya bookandof

Only $3.00 for reference for critical purposes, espeMuch of the proselyting program

centers of the Church the around cially in respect of difficult and 12 big issues presentation of the of the message controverted hold that passages:—we

a revised edition of the Authorized restoration in cottage meetings. The

principles of same that conversion (if of our English Bible, The most economical food wrap Version will on the outsider work will bear ability executed with consummate you can use! and learning, ) would at any time be fruit with those who are already in

a work of inestimable value. The the kingdom.

KITCHEn CHfiRITl method of such a performance, Quorum officers should hold cotWAXED PAPER whether by marginal notes or in tage meetings with their less active some other way, we forbear to demembers and their families, teaching

PEWS, PULPIT* CHANCEL termine. But certainly only as a them the lessons in the standard

handmaid is it to be desired. As proselyting program of the Church FURNITURE

Wi/ writeAND LOWDIRECTPRICESfor Free catalog presentsomethingEnglishintendedBible,to supersedewe are thorour plusappropriatesuch addedin eachmaterialcase. as seems

J.RRedington&Co

DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA.

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6. Family Approach to Priesthood or the Missionary... Reactivation

"Keep Faith with Your Family"—

such is the aptly worded title under which this phase of priesthood reistinctive choice of activation goes forward. proThe

to programs the make gram is designed to get brethren into farewell complete. The activity, will so they in a better be

missionary's photograph position to guarantee to their families included in folded the best of all that life offers. It is program.

effective because of the natural love that all parents have for their chilfor 500 dren, and it operates through a series of lessons based on an easeltype for moreand 85cor lessper than100 500 book which carries the title, "Keep plus postage

Faith with Your Family."

7. Other and Future Programs The West's Finest

Obviously other approaches should Printers and Binders and will be made in order to bring the full blessings of the priesthood to every adult brother in the Church.

Those who administer the programs in the stakes are invited to experiment, to get the inspiration to fit their situations, and to work out any appropriate means of reactivating their brethren. The general priesthood committee will be pleased to

hear of successes achieved in this field.

Obviously also all of these approaches to priesthood reactivation are part of one unified program. No

one of them standing alone is sufficient. It is intended and designed

that all be used. One approach often

leads to another. A brother who

responds to the "KeepFaith-withYour-Family"approach may then welcome the holding of cottage meetings in his home or he may respond to the family approach as an outgrowth of a series of cottage meetings or to attendance at a school.

There must be no letup in the work. The need is pressing; the

programs must go forward; and as a

result souls will be saved.

"Wherefore, you are called to cry repentance unto this people.

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!

"And now, if your joy will be great with one soul that you have brought unto me into the kingdom of my

Father, how great will be your joy For all if you should bring many souls unto sweetening purposes me!"(Ibid., 18:1416.)

...pure, white

sparkling,. 0-Jsugar

JULY 1961 551 If f 's

Mm

Returning from Europe on a giant seagoing vessel, an American tourist asked her steward the name of a cheese she had particularly enjoyed during the voyage. He proudly presented her with a cheese, warning

her, "Don't forget to declare it, madam, otherwise that cheese will declare itself!"—Wall Street Journal

Stressing the importance of a large vocabulary, the English teacher told his class, "Use a word ten times and it will be yours for life."In the back of the room a pert blond closed her eyes, and

was heard chanting under her breath, "Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred."

"Honey,"called her husband, "My razor doesn't The man who goes through life cut at all!""Why, Henry, you don't mean to tell looking for something soft can

me that your beard is tougher than the oilcloth."often find it right under his hat.

<T

A man owned a bird dog he claimed was the world's greatest. One day he was walking

down the street with the dog when suddenly it froze in the traditional birdin-thegrass pose as a man with a shopping bag in his arms approached. "Do you happen to have a

game bird in your bag?"the dog owner asked. "No,"replied the man, "but my name is Partridge!"

No two people are Do you know why we call our lanalike—and both are guage the mother tongue? Because

glad of it.—Anon father never gets a chance to use it.

"Pardon me sir, but aren't you putting your saddle on backwards?""Some cowboy you are!

You don't even know which way I'm headed."

There are three things difficult: to keep a secret, She to parting husband at station: "Goodbye, dear, you

to suffer an injury, to use leisure.—Voltaire will write me? Just a few lines—even if ifs just a check."

II He who enjoys doing, and enjoys what he has done, is happy.—Goethe

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE NEW ONE BRAND TAT ARECIPE OTHPTX KJ \ JTjL

DEA! our own way to protect the naturalthat'sproteinall primeand flavor!fillet, pressurebakedFor tuna that's

always moist, firm and tender, make your brand White Star—the

tuna with the mermaid on the label

WHITE STAR TUNA ROSY RING Prepare your favorite tomato aspic ring mold. At serving time, fill center of

ring with this salad: combine a -oz. Family Size can or two 6M2OZ. cans

of drained White Star tuna, 34 cup quartered cucumber slices, % cup sliced celery. Mix Vs cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and XA teaspoon salt.

Add to tuna mixture. Toss lightly. Spoon into center of aspic ring. Serves 6.

How much life insurance you need can only be Your Beneficial life insurance representative, determined by a study of your "assets"and your backed by the "Planned Futures"department in 'responsibilities. 'our home office, will help you study your own

Your assets might include your Social Security; family needs and income, and tailor a life insurance

home; your present life insurance; your pension program that best fits these needs. To take this

plan; your savings, etc. These are often worth, in important step, just call your nearest Beneficial

total, more than you might imagine. Life man... No obligation, of course.

Your responsibilities would include your mortgage or rent payments; provisions for your chilWrite for more information on "Planned Futures"

dren's education; your own retirement; provision

for accident and illness, and your family's needs if they were required to live without your income. BENEFICIAL LIFE Sound financial planning for your family's future must include a consideration of these items

and many others. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

I