The Mormon Battalion Monument Addresses by General Authorities at the 139th Annual General Conference

Painting: "The Calling of the Fishermen'

Your Best Investment in isTomorrow Education

SPIRITUAL GROWTH CAREER TRAINING SOCIAL DEVELOPMENT

Student life on many college campuses At LDS you can prepare for an exciting Enjoy the personal recognition available today just doesn't conform to the ideals and profitable career in 3 to 1 8 months. only at a small college. At LDS you'll

and standards of the Church. At LDS, You may choose from these courses: grow socially and develop your

however, you will have on campus, a COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY, personality through Lambda Delta complete Institute program, a College FASHION MERCHANDISING, Sigma, or Sigma Gamma Chi, clubs,

Ward, devotional assemblies, and the ACCOUNTING, SECRETARIAL athletic teams, dances, and parties.

atmosphere appreciated by active LDS SCIENCE, MARKETING, COURT Personal development classes are also

Students. REPORTING, AND OFFICE available for both men and women.

MACHINES. LDS graduates have

lifetime job placement service.

All this is yours at LDS, the People Builder since 1886

Facilities Over $1 million in plant and equipment, featuring a sparkling new girl's dormitory, an Registration electronic stenolab, a third generation computer for student's use, a large airconditioned Fall quarter begins September classroom building, and the very latest in specialized office machines, including such famous submitted16. Applicationsby July 31.should be

names as IBM, Dictaphone, Ditto, Dura, Victor Comptometer, Burroughs, Friden, Marchant,

Olivetti, and Royal.

Free Catalog Faculty In addition to twelve fulltime, resident faculty members, seven of whom hold master's ChurchFind outBusinessmore Collegeabout now,your degrees, LDS also retains as parttime instructors many specialists from the business write the Dean of Students for community including attorneys, CPAs, data processing, and marketing specialists. This a free catalog.

assures variety and a functional point of view.

Service You get the personal attention available only at a small school. You learn in an atmosphere

where academic achievement and high standards of personal conduct are stressed. Our

comprehensive training gets you on the job sooner at a greater saving in time and money.

Job opportunities for our graduates have never been better. All these advantages are yours

and lower tuition, too!

411 East South Temple ACCREDITED BY THE ACCREDITING COMMISSION FOR BUSINESS SCHOOLS, WASH., D.C. Salt Lake City, Utah 84117

The Voice of the Church June 1969 Volume 72, Number 6

On the cover: Special Features

To the men of the Mormon Battalion, the Structure of the Home Threatened by Irresponsibility and Divorce,

President David 0. McKay long 2,000mile infantry march—often called

tory—wasone of the asgreatestmuch a marchesmission forin theirmilitaryChurchhis68 TheBuildingMormonan Idea,BattalionEdwardMonumentFraughtonin San Diego, Richard J. Marshall

as it was a militarypioneering venture for 10 On to Carthage to Die, LeGrand L Baker their nation. A recently completed sculpture

17 Retrospect, Tommie Evelyn Phipps by Salt Lake City sculptor Edward Fraughton 22 GMRX, the New Film Rating System, Eleanor Knowles honors the Battalion (see "Building An Idea,"page 6, and "The Mormon Battalion Monu76 The Calling of the Fisherman (reproduction of fullcolor painting) ment in San Diego,"page 8). Interestingly, 126 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 7, The Unknown Abrathe story of Brother Fraughton's rise as a ham (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

sculptor parallels in some respects the strug133 A Code of Conduct for My Son, Daniel S. Hess

gles of the Battalion. A 1963 University of

Utah graduate in fine arts, Ed worked on construction jobs spring, summer, and fall, 28H7 General Conference Addresses and sculptured during the winters for several years. But as the hunger to sculpture took Regular Features

over, he turned to parttime sales work, de26 Teaching: Some Very Special People, Earlene Clement Gillespie

livering groceries, and teaching in the Job 29 General Conference Index

Corps while he refined his technique and be118 Today's Family: A Time of Beauty, Joan B. Kearl

gan building a reputation. Two years ago,

shortly after sculpturing busts of three wit121 Let's Eat Outof-Doors nesses of the gold plates of the Book of 122 The LDS Scene

Mormon (Era cover, September 1968), he 124 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

established a studio. He was recently comAbout Learning to Work, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

missioned to do busts of Thomas E. Ricks, for 134 The Church Moves On

whom Ricks College was named, and Brigham 136 Buffs and Rebuffs Young. He presently is a stake missionary in

the 27th Ward of the Emigration Stake and 138 These Times: Religion and the State Universities, Dr. G. Homer

Durham he and his wife, Dorothy Ann, are the parents of four children. 140 End of an Era

82, 84, 86, 123 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 141152 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 18 Last Try, Charles R. Furden

99,105,132,135 Poetry

EditorialF.Editors;Price,Associates;StaffDoyleArtist.L. Green,Marion ManagingD. Hanks, Editor;Era of AlbertYouth L.Editor;Zobell,ElaineJr., ResearchCannon. EraEditor;of YouthMabelAssociateJones Gabbott,Editor; Jay M. Todd, DavidEleanorRalph O.Reynolds,Knowles,McKay ArtandWilliamDirector;RichardT. Sykes,NormanL, Evans,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S, Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

General Allyearof rightsJesusaddedreserved.Christto theof SubscriptionLatterdaythree-year Saints,price;price, 35*1969,$3.00singleanda year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance;by thefor of The3 MutualChurchyears, Improvement$8.25;of JesuseachChristsucceedingAssociationof Latterdayyear,of The$2.50Saints.Churcha specialmultipleMutual issues.Improvementsubscriptions,Superintendent,Associations2 years,Young$5.75;Men's

for mailing for Office, at rate of special in section matter. Utah, 1103, postage provided Salt Acceptance class as Entered the second

authorized City,2, LakeJuly Post1917, 1918. Octoberat

contributions. are be Manuscripts paid for acceptance and must but for manuscripts on welcomes is not responsible ofImprovement sufficientEra delivery postage by unsolicitedand actTheaccompanied

a magazine. Address issue of include recent for address the slip from notice of required address. days'change, Thirty return.When

is included.please well unless as as ordering thechangeforold address aone be the new ismade changes cannot

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee,

Music Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

June 1969 The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Structure of the Home Threatened by Irresponsibilityand Divorce

President David O. McKay

(Read by his son Robert R. McKay)

My beloved brethren and sisters: My precious principles associated with until men change their hearts and essoul is deeply stirred this morning, due, man's freedom threatened with retablish new ideals.

I am sure, to a combination of circumpudiation, if not abandonment, it is An essential, fundamental element stances and experiences. Never have I time that men and women the world in the building and in the perpetuity

been so thankful for the blessings of over should become more thoughtful, of a great people is the home. The

the Lord, and for the faith and prayers more prayerful, more earnest than strength of a nation, especially of a of the membership of the Church. I am ever before in seeking the causes of republican nation, is in the intelligent

thankful for the restoration of the gosthis world's disaster, and bravely and and wellordered homes of the people.

pel and for the glorious message to all heroically choose a better course of life. In the wellordered home we may exthe world that accompanied that restoThis is a time when mankind should perience on earth a taste of heaven. It

ration: that God lives and that his turn their thoughts to the teachings is there that the babe in a mother's

Beloved Son Jesus Christ is the Reof Christ, our Lord and Savior, and in caress first experiences a sense of sedeemer and Savior of the world, that larger numbers than the world has curity, finds in the mother's kiss the we are his children, and that he has heretofore witnessed conform thereto first realization of affection, discovers given us a plan by which we may their attitudes and actions. Unless in mother's sympathy and tenderness

return to his presence as resurrected, multitudes of men and women so the first assurance that there is love in immortal beings. change their hearts and lives, the the world.

I am grateful for the outstanding world will continue to be in turmoil, I remember that during World War progress the Church has made during and our present civilization be threatII conditions made it necessary that I the past year; for the united and unened with disintegration. share a Pullman dar with 40 soldier

stinted support given by the General It is a deplorable but recognizable boys. They were gentlemen, and a

Authorities and general officers of the fact that men's hearts all too generally credit to any nation. In the course of

Church; for the loyalty, faith, and deare turned from and not toward God. conversation, one of them remarked to

votion of the general auxiliary boards, Selfpromotion, not God's glorification, me: "My dad's hair is white too."Then

of the officers in stakes, quorums, is the motivating factor in most people's he added in a tone that expressed the wards, missions, and of the Church lives. Irreverence is all too manifest. depth of his feeling, "How I should

membership in general. Most of all, The world needs more godliness and like to see that old gray head this

I am grateful for the assurance we have less godlessness; more selfdiscipline, morning!"He and his companions

of the Lord's guidance and overruling less selfindulgence; more power to say were en route for an encampment to

power. with Christ, "Father... not my will, complete their training before embarkTabernacle—ourI extend to all presentspecial invisitors,this historicgovChristbut thine,came beto bringdone."peace.(LukeRejection22:42.) inglistedfor todutydefendoverseas.not onlyThey thehad freeenernmental and educational leaders, of his way of life has made strife and agency of man, but the rights and

Regional Representatives, our stake, contention rampant. Man, not the sanctity of home and loved ones. Such

ward, and auxiliary officers and teachLord, has brought deadly conflicts and an affection for home and loved ones ers from far and near—and to friends subsequent misery. Wars spring from as felt by that soldier boy will make

and members tuned in by radio and wickedness of unrighteous leaders. Not death preferable to surrender to an

television my heartfelt greetings and until freedom triumphs and a just enemy who would destroy home and welcome to this one hundred thirtypeace comes may we hope for the end all that American soldiers hold dear.

ninth conference of the Church. of wars and for goodwill among men. Seeking the pleasure of conjugality

During the past months I have been Today, when these facts are so without a willingness to assume the remost apprehensive of mankind's welstrikingly manifest, let all sincere men sponsibilities of rearing a family is one fare in a world of tribulation and of recognize the evil conditions that have of the onslaughts that now batter at false ideals. With the increase in caused wars, and resolve with God's the structure of the American home.

crime, the disrespect for law and order, help to banish them forever. There Intelligence and mutual consideration

the everincreasing divorce rate, remust come a victory of right and freeshould be everpresent factors in detersulting in broken homes; the immoraldom over iniquity and oppression; I mining the coming of children to the

ity, with all its attendant evils; the repeat, war will never be vanquished home.

Improvement Era

President McKay's opening conference address serves as his Editor's

Page this month.

By President David O. McKay

It is important for young people to A dominant evil of the world today The exalted view of marriage as held realize that intelligent home building is unchastity. I repeat what appeared by the Church is given expressively in

begins with a young man and a youngover the signature of President Joseph five words found in the fortyninth girl in their teens. Often the health F. Smith while he was living: "No section of the Doctrine and Covenants:

of children, if a couple be blessed with more loathsome cancer disfigures the "marriage is ordained of God."(D&C

such, depends upon the actions of parbody and soul of society today than 49:15.) That revelation was given in

ents before marriage. In the press, from the frightful affliction of sexual sin. 1831 when Joseph Smith was only 25

the pulpit, and particularly in the It vitiates the very fountains of life, years of age. Considering the circumhome, there should ring more freand bequeaths its foul effects to the yet stances under which it was given, we

quently the message that in their youth unborn as a legacy of death."(The find in it another example among

boys and girls are laying the foundaImprovement Era, Vol. 20, p. 739.) He hundreds of others corroborative of the

tion for their future happiness or who is unchaste in young manhood is fact that he was inspired of the Lord.

misery. Every young man, particularly, untrue to a trust given him by the Before us are assembled thousands of

should prepare for the responsibility of parents of the girl; and she who is unpresiding officers in stakes, wards, quofatherhood by keeping himself physichaste in maidenhood is untrue to her rums, and auxiliaries, to whom we say,

cally clean, that he might enter into future husband and lays the foundait is your duty and mine to uphold the that responsibility not as a coward or tion of unhappiness, suspicion, and dislofty conception of marriage as given deceiver, but as one honorable and cord in the home. Do not worry about in this revelation, and to guard against

fit to found a home. The young man those teachers who talk about inhibiencroaching dangers that threaten to

who, in unfitness, takes upon himself tions. Just keep in mind this eternal lower the standard of the ideal home.

the responsibility of fatherhood is truth that chastity is a virtue to be It is said that the best and noblest worse than a deceiver. The future prized as one of life's noblest achievelives are those which are set toward

happiness of his wife and children ments. It contributes to the virility of high ideals. Truly no higher ideal redepends upon his life in youth. manhood. It is the crowning virtue of garding marriage can be cherished by

Let us also teach girls that motherwomanhood, and every redblooded young people than to look upon it as hood is divine, for when we touch the man knows that is true. It is a chief a divine institution. In the minds of

creative part of life, we enter into the factor to a happy home. There is no the young, such a standard is a protecrealm of divinity. It is important, loss of prestige in maintaining in a tion to them in courtship, an evertherefore, that young womanhood realdignified way the standards of the present influence inducing them to

ize the necessity of keeping their bodies Church. You can be "in"this world refrain from doing anything that may

clean and pure, that their children and not "of the world."Keep your prevent their going to the temple to

might enter the world unhampered by chastity above everything else! God has have their love made perfect in an ensin and disease. An unshackled birth commanded that we be chaste: "Thou during and eternal union. It will lead

and an inheritance of noble character shalt not commit adultery!"said the them to seek divine guidance in the

are the greatest blessings of childhood. Lord at Sinai. (See Exod. 20:14.) selection of their companions, upon the

No mother has the right to shackle a Degenerating forces in the world are wise choice of whom their life's happichild through life for what seems in rampant, but they can be resisted if ness here and hereafter is largely deyouth to be a pleasant pastime or her youth will cherish right thoughts and pendent. It makes their hearts pure

right to indulge in harmful drugs and aspire to high ideals. The ageold and good; it lifts them up to their

other sinful practices. Those who are conflict between truth and error is Father in heaven. Such joys are within

to be the mothers of the race should at being waged with accelerating fury, the reach of most men and women if least so live as to bear children who and at the present hour error seems high ideals of marriage and home be are not burdened from birth by sickto be gaining the upper hand. Increasproperly fostered and cherished.

ness, weakness, or deformity, because ing moral turpitude and widespread The signs of the times definitely the parents, in fiery youth, as Shakedisregard for the principles of honor indicate that the sacredness of the marspeare said, "with unbashful forehead and integrity are undermining influriage covenant is dangerously threatwoo the means of weakness and deences in social, political, and business ened. There are places where the

bility."life. marriage ceremony may be performed

June 1969 at any hour of the day or night without only as these homes are what they are working hopefully toward the fulany previous arrangement. The license should be will children be what they fillment of an ideal of living, who love

is issued and the ceremony performed should be. Luther Burbank, the great their children with a sincere and unwhile the couple wait. Many couples plant wizard and scientist, most imselfish love—in short, parents who are

who have been entrapped by such enpressively emphasizes the need for conwell-balanced individuals, gifted with ticements have had their marriages stant attention in the training of a a certain amount of insight, who end in disappointment and sorrow. In child. He says: are able to provide the child with a

some instances these places are nothing "Teach the child selfrespect. Train wholesome emotional background that

more than opportunities for legalized it in selfrespect just as you train a will contribute more to his developimmorality. Oh, how far they fall plant in better ways. No selfrespect- ment than material advantages.

below the true ideal! As far as lies ing man was ever a grafter. Above all, Divorce almost invariably deprives

within our power, we must warn bear in mind repetition—the use of an children of these advantages. Just reyoung couples against secret and hasty influence over and over again, keeping cently I received a heartbreaking letter

marriages. everlastingly at it. This is what fixes from a boy nearly eight years of age

It is vital also to counteract the intraits in plants, the constant repetition whose parents are divorced, from which sidious influences of printed literature of an influence until at last it is irre- I quote: "Dear David O. McKay: I

that speaks of the "bankruptcy of marvocably fixed and will not change. You am having a problem and it is about

riage,"that advocates trial marriages, cannot afford to get discouraged. You Mom and Dad. They are divorced and

and that places extramarital relations are dealing with something far more we [meaning his brother and sister] on a par with extramarital friendships. precious than any plant—the precious want to be back together. Can you

Parenthood, and particularly mothersoul of a child!"solve my problem? I love you."What a

hood, should be held as a sacred obliThere are three fundamental things tragedy for that child, and what ungation. There is something in the to which every child is entitled: (1) a happiness this separation has caused

depths of the human soul which rerespected name, (2) a sense of security, the children.

volts against neglectful parenthood. (3) opportunities for development. The The increasing divorce rate in the

God has implanted deep in the souls family gives to the child his name and United States today is a threatening of parents the truth that they cannot standing in the community. A child menace to this nation's greatness. The

with impunity shirk the responsibility wants his family to be as good as those increase throughout the United States, to protect childhood and youth. families of his friends. He wants to and in our own state, in the percentage

There seems to be a growing tenbe able to point with pride to his of divorces is alarming.

dency to shift this responsibility from father, and to feel an inspiration alIn the light of scripture, ancient and the home to outside influences, such ways as he thinks of his mother. It is modern, we are justified in concluding

as the school and the church. Im- a mother's duty to so live that her that Christ's ideal pertaining to marportant as these outward influences children will associate with her everyriage is the unbroken home, and condiare, they never can take the place of thing that is beautiful, sweet, and tions that cause divorce are violations

the influence of the mother and the pure. And the father should so live of his divine teachings. Except in cases

father. Constant training, constant that the child, emulating his example, of infidelity or other extreme condivigilance, companionship, being watchwill be a good citizen and, in the tions, the Church frowns upon divorce,

men of our own children are necessary Church, a true follower of the teachand authorities look with apprehension in order to keep our homes intact. ings of the gospel of Jesus Christ. upon the increasing number of divorces

The character of the child is formed A child has the right to feel that in among members of the Church.

largely during the first 12 years of his his home he has a place of refuge, a A man who has entered into sacred life. During that period he spends 16 place of protection from the dangers covenants in the house of the Lord to

times as many waking hours in the and evils of the outside world. Family remain true to the marriage vow is a

home as in school, and 126 times as unity and integrity are necessary to traitor to that covenant if he separates many hours in the home as in the supply this need. himself from his wife and family just

church. Children go out with the He needs parents who are happy in because he has permitted himself to

stamp of these homes upon them, and their adjustment to each other, who become infatuated with a pretty face

Improvement Era

and comely form of some young girl tion and a covenant that is eternal, or young people receive instructions upon who flattered him with a smile. Even that may be made eternal. the sacredness of the duty that is bethough a loose interpretation of the Teach the young of both sexes in fore them; and, furthermore, they

law of the land would grant such a the responsibilities and ideals of mardetermine whether or not they are preman a bill of divorcement, I think he riage so that they may realize that pared to go in holiness and purity to is unworthy of a recommend to have marriage involves obligation and is not the altar of God and there seal their his second marriage solemnized in the an arrangement to be terminated at vows and love.

temple. And any woman who will pleasure. Teach them that pure love Finally, there is one principle that

break up her home because of some between the sexes is one of the noblest seems to me to strike right at the base selfish desire, or who has been untrue to things on earth, and the bearing and of the happiness of the marriage relaher husband, is also untrue to the coverearing of children the highest of all tion, and that is the standard of nants she has made in the house of human duties. In this regard it is the purity taught and practiced among true

the Lord. When we refer to the breakduty of parents to set an example in members of the Church. In The Church

ing of the marriage tie, we touch upon the home that children may see and of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints one of the saddest experiences of life. absorb, as it were, the sacredness of there is but one standard of morality.

For a couple who have basked in the family life and the responsibilities asNo young man has any more right to sunshine of each other's love to stand sociated therewith. be unchaste than has a young girl.

by and see the clouds of misunderstandThe number of broken marriages can That young man who asks for a recoming and discord obscure the lovelight be reduced if couples realize even bemend to take a pure girl to the altar is of their lives is tragedy indeed. In the fore they approach the altar that marexpected to give the same purity that

darkness that follows, the love sparkle riage is a state of mutual service, a he expects to receive.

in each other's eyes is obscured, and to state of giving as well as of receiving, For the proper solution of this great try to restore it is fruitless. and that each must give.of himself or problem of the mounting divorce rate,

To look upon marriage as a mere herself to the utmost. Harriet Beecher we may turn with safety to Jesus as

contract that may be entered into at Stowe wisely writes: "No man or our guide. He declared that the marpleasure in response to a romantic woman can create a true home who is riage relation is of divine origin, that

whim, or for selfish purposes, and not willing in the outset to embrace "marriage is ordained of God"(D&C severed at the first difficulty or mislife heroically, to encounter labor and 49:15), that only under the most exunderstanding that may arise, is an sacrifice. Only to such can this diceptional conditions should it be set

evil meriting severe condemnation, vinest power be given to create on aside. In the teaching of the Church of

especially in cases wherein children earth that which is the nearest image Christ, the family assumes supreme imare made to suffer because of such of heaven."portance in the development of the

separation. Marriage is a sacred relaAnother condition that contributes individual and of the society. "Happy

tionship entered into for purposes that to the permanence of the marriage and thrice happy are they who enjoy an is in love, for the temple.are well uninterrupted marriage the covenant union, and whose recognized—primarily

is attirearing of a Before shall performed, complaint, marriage such unbroken not by any a family. A flippant

tude toward marriage, the illadvised it is necessary for the young man and dissolve."The marriage ceremony

suggestion of "companionate marriage,"young woman first to obtain a recomwhen sealed by the authority of the the base, diabolical theory of "free sex mend from the bishop. They should go Holy Priesthood endures, as do family

experiment,"and the readymade dito him in person, and the bishop who relationships, throughout time and all vorce courts are dangerous reefs upon does his duty will instruct the couple eternity. "What therefore God hath

which many a family bark is wrecked. regarding the sacredness of the obligajoined together, let not man put

In order to lessen the breaking up of tion that they as young people are asunder."(Mark 10:9.)

homes, the present tendency toward a going to assume, emphasizing all the God bless us to look more earnestly, low view of marriage should be substisafeguards that have been named prayerfully, and sincerely upon the tuted by the lofty view of marriage before. There, in the presence of the sacredness of the home and the marthat Jesus the Christ gives it. Let us priesthood, before taking upon themriage covenant, I pray in the name of

look upon marriage as a sacred obligaselves the obligation "of marriage, the Jesus Christ. Amen.

June 1969 An upward view of the finished clay model A closeup view of the head of clay model Two views of finished hand v

Expressive photograph of Battalion soldier Plaster reproduction of statue ready for shipment to foundry in Florence, Italy

Note arm support for the soft clay version

President Ray Knell, Eugene Watkins, Horace A. Sorensen, of the

Sons of the Utah Pioneers, pose with sculptor Ed Fraughton.

Applying plaster to give firmRemoving the plaster mold covering the Plaster case covers rubberized mold. Plaster section coverness to flexible rubber mold complete clay statue Workmen remove front half. ing head is removed.

Note the rubber mold on the clay model.

Building an Idea

By Edward Fraughton

A year ago 1 was approached with and Book of Mormon in the other tell the idea of constructing a monument us that he was properly equipped to to honor the Mormon Battalion. Soon handle any obstacle placed before him.

a ceremony for the unveiling of the Concern for his people who were monument will culminate a very satisfywaiting to cross the plains to Salt Lake ing year of my life. Valley caused him to send his clothing

What a tremendous idea—to honor allowance where it was more critically

in statue the men of the Battalion! As needed, and made him a soldier with-

I began to consider the nature of the out uniform. As his soles wore out, he

commission, the excitement of modelneatly tied animal skins around his V;ew of inside rubber impression of mold

ing a ninefoot man to be cast in bronze shoes to keep the sand from sifting almost overwhelmed me. To catch the through. Only a canteen, pack, rifle,

spirit of the man who will stand as a and belt remind us of his official commemorial to the Mormon Battalion was mission.

now my challenge, and since spiritual He realized that by remaining faiththings come only through prayer and ful, as was promised by his Prophet study, this was where I began. leader, he was never required to bear

I considered the possibilities: Would arms against another man. Rugged and

history and the Battalion best be repsturdy, he is in constant motion. I put

resented by a threadbare, skinny likehim in a position where he must move ness of the man who finally reached on. Little concern for the now but

San Diego? I must do my very best to great concern for the future give his Two sections of plaster reproduction from mold

represent each individual of the head direction and assurance. After

Battalion in an individual yet universal opening a new road to the Pacific, he way. He should be believable as a immediately set to work helping develop

person, and show the wear, worry, that new territory.

loneliness, uncertainty, and fear that As to the project itself, a structure we all have. But these aspects are of steel covered with burlap and plaster

fleeting compared to the strength and made the foundation for the sixdedication, which are overpowering hundredplus pounds of modeling clay.

and more consistent. Imagine the Half a year was required to finish the

physical strength required to endure modeling, make the mold!,. and prepare Below: Seam shows on plaster reproduction

such a hardship. His spiritual strength the final plaster cast for the shipment

gives him a passionate and dedicated to the bronze foundry.

countenance. Youthful, yet mature, I have done my very best, but the

attitudes guided him through crises of work that I did is small compared to survival in the desert. Rifle in one hand the work that they accomplished.. o

June 1969 The Mormon Battalion Monument in San Diego

By Richard J. Marshall

This summer the city of San Diego,

California, is 200 years old. As participants in celebrating this historic milestone, chapters of the Sons of Utah

Pioneers have made possible the creation of another important piece of

Mormon art: a colossal figure representing the Mormon Battalion, a nineand-a-halffoot-high soldier sculpted

while marching, his pack on his back, rifle over his shoulder, a Book of

Mormon gripped in his left hand.

Inspired and sponsored by the Sons of the Utah Pioneers as a gift to the city of San Diego, this monument was sculptured in Salt Lake City by Mormon artist Edward Fraughton and is presently being cast in bronze in Florence, Italy.

It will be presented to San Diego city officials sometime this summer, and will be installed in a park as a permanent memorial to the significant contribution made by the Battalion to

Front view of clay model Plaster reproduction of pack the San Diego Mission while it was

Clay model without full rifle Hand grips the Book of Mormon. stationed there in 18471848.

Sent to help secure California during the war with Mexico, Mormon officers were not content with garrison duty only; they put their troops to work

"building houses, digging wells, making picket fences, etc."As a result, the

Battalion built the first brick kiln in

California and used the bricks to build a large courthouse and school. When

these two remarkable buildings were completed, "the citizens made a feast and a great parade."

A historian of that time writes: "Besides these works, the Mormons did

much carpenter work for the people of

San Diego, and the course they pursued secured them many friends, and when they moved from there they did

Photos by Eldon Linschoten

Improvement Era

so among general regret."likely to have. While thus examining, lure of gold in Sacramento, PresiOne of the Battalion members, his eyes caught sight of yellow shining dent Young's counsel and promise

Henry G. Boyle, writing of these labors, metal which he picked up. A subsehelped them keep constant their goal

said: "I think I whitewashed all San quent assay proved it to be gold. The to "join once again with the Saints."

Diego. We did their blacksmithing, put nuggets were in value from 25c to It was in San Diego that their leader,

up a bakery, made and repaired carts, $5.00 each."Lieutenant Colonel P. St. George Cooke,

and in fine did all we could to benefit But Brigham Young had asked Batnot a member of the Church but beourselves as well as the citizens. The talion members to join with him and loved of the Battalion, wrote for the

citizens became so attached to us that their families in the Great Salt Lake archives of American history his conbefore our term of service expired they Valley. And this they did. "All of us gratulations to this unusual force.

got up a petition to the Governor to use save very few abandoned the gold fields Pointing out they had just concluded his influence to keep us in the service. to till the soil with the Saints and a march of over 2,000 miles, he said:

The petition was signed by every citiBrother Brigham.""History may be searched in vain for

zen in San Diego."The San Diego monument portrays an equal march of infantry; ninetenths

A large portion of the Battalion left this quiet courage and dedication. Beof it through a wilderness where nothSan Diego after three months of hard sides carrying the Book of Mormon in ing but savages and wild beasts are

work, moving on to San Bernardino, his hand, this burnished soldier also found, or deserts where, for want of where their assigned duties were to carries the Bible in his pack as inwater, there is no living creature. There

guard the Cajon Pass of the Sierra structed by Brigham Young, who had with almost hopeless labor we have

Nevada Mountains, preventing the pasacted "as recruiting sergeant, with dug deep wells which the future traveler sage of hostile Indians. But others Willard Richards as clerk"to raise the will enjoy. Without a guide who had

stayed until March of 1848, when Cap500 volunteers sought by the Church traversed them, we have ventured into tain Boyle and Orrin Porter Rockwell and government. trackless prairies where water was not

(who had come in from Salt Lake City This was an unusual force of soldiers, found for several marches. With crowthe previous winter) led them back to and Brigham Young had instructed bar and pickax in hand we have worked

Utah, creating the first wagon trail their captains "to be fathers to their our way over mountains which seemed from Southern California to Utah. companies and to manage their offices to defy ought save the wild goat, and

Most of the soldiers, those who by the power and influence of the hewed a passage through a chasm of started to Utah in 1847, walked up priesthood."He had promised them living rock more narrow than our

the California coast to the Truckee "the power to preserve their lives and wagons.... thus marching halfnaked

River, following it to Sacramento, where the lives of their companions and to and halffed and living upon wild anithey found temporary employment escape difficulties."He had counseled mals we have discovered and made a

with Captain John A. Sutter. These them to "keep neat and clean, teach road of great value to our country...."

erstwhile Battalion members, having chastity, gentility, and civility, and While the contributions of the Morearned seven dollars a month while in swearing must not be allowed."And, mon Battalion have significance in sevthe service of the U. S. Government, finally, he had promised them that reeral of the Southwest areas, it is the

agreed to dig Sutter's millraces for gardless of where they were taken, "the city of San Diego that now honors these 12%c a yard, and were surprised after next temple will be built in the Rocky industrious soldiers, transients in their their first day's work to discover they Mountains, in the Great Basin is the community, who toiled to make it better had made $1.50 each. place to build temples, and it shall than they found it and then hurried on

Daniel Tyler, official historian for be the stronghold of the Saints against to the high mountain wilderness of the Battalion throughout the long trek, mobs."Utah.

gives credit to his companionsin-arms Throughout their tedious journey and In today's times of armed strife and for the discovery of gold, writing: "It during their labors in San Diego, they military stress, this new bronze monumay very properly be said that Mormon were constant in their faith that in ment marches in mute testimony to the

labor opened up and developed one of the Great Basin they would meet family personal sacrifice of other soldiers in the greatest resources of our nation's and friends. During the terrifying other times—marching inexorably towealth."He records that "on or about "charge of the wild bulls,"during the ward the patriot's goal of service to

January 24, 1848, the water was turned capture of Tucson, and despite the God and country.

into the race above the sawmill...

having considerable fall it washed a Richard J. Marshall, a member of the Adult Correlation Committee, coordihole near the base of the building. nates for the Church Information Service the creation of artwork and display

Superintendent Marshall went below to materials used in the visitors centers throughout the Church.

ascertain what effect the wash was

June 1969 V

Illustrations are from an early widely read issue of Harper's New Monthly Magazine, September 1855:

"Joseph Smith at the head of the Nauvoo Legion"and "Death of Joseph Smith."

OntoCarthagetoDie

In commemoration: One hundred twentyfive years ago, on a hot, muggy afternoon of June 27, 1844, a

mob of selfstyled vigilantes, motivated by hate and adventure, descended upon the dusty streets of a small midwestern town, Carthage, Illinois. There they immortalized the jail of the same name by murdering two brothers, who were known as the Prophet and the Patriarch by those who had cast their lot

with them through as many as 24 years of ostracism in New York, Ohio, Missouri, and now Illinois.

Martyrs the brothers became, symbols of truth they remain: Joseph and Hyrum Smith.

By LeGrand L. Baker

A year and a half before his death, until my time comes; then I shall be never will have power to kill me till my

Joseph Smith gave a public address in offered freely."1 work is accomplished, and I am ready

which he said: A few months later he said it even to die."2

"I know what I say; I understand my more clearly: "... I prophesy they It is difficult to say just when Joseph

mission and business. God Almighty is

my shield; and what can man do if God StatesLeGrandMission,Baker, branchteachespresidentAmericanof historythe Lamarat Lamar(Colorado)CommunityBranch, WesternCollege.

is my friend? I shall not be sacrificed

10 Improvement Era **** kW

Smith learned that he would culminate name: "... and they that seek to deand those with him were pursued by a

his mission by sealing his testimony stroy him shall be confounded."(2 Ne. mob that was determined to kill him.

known—andwith his own agreed—beforeblood, but he mayhe comhave 3:15.)There certainly could have been no were"Theobligedweatherto wassecreteextremelyourselvescold, wein

pleted the translation of the Book of question in his mind that some would our wagons, sometimes, to elude the

Mormon. (D&C 5:22.) His account of "seek to destroy him."His mother's grasp of our pursuers, who continued

Moroni's first visit does not say whether history tells of many who sought his their pursuit of us more than two he was told the full implications of his life,* and his journal is replete with hundred miles from Kirtland, armed name's being known for good and evil, narratives of murderous attempts upon with pistols and guns, seeking our lives.

nor doeshis journal indicate that he him. They frequently crossed our track,

stopped and pondered when he transOn one of those occasions, at night, twice they were in the houses where lated that part of the Book of Mormon in the dead of winter, Joseph secured we stopped, once we tarried all night in which he is prophetically called by a wagon and fled from Kirtland. He in the same house with them, with only

June 1969 11 Wk *$&=, "M&im*t

JN?

Carthage Jai/. The Prophet Joseph Smith fell from the window above the well.

a partition between us and them; and was postponed. The Prophet and his action in preparation for it.

heard their oaths and imprecations, and friends did not go before the firing One of the most important questhreats concerning us, if they could squad. The mob spared their lives but tions he had to settle was that of

catch us; and late in the evening they reserved to themselves the sport of leadership: Who would have the recame in to our room and examined us, carting the Mormons about from jail to sponsibility of directing the Church

but decided we were not the men. At jail, where the prisoners could be after the Prophet was dead? It was

other times we passed them in the mocked, displayed, and spat upon. Hyrum Smith's right, as he was assisstreets, and gazed upon them, and they Joseph and his friends were compelled tant president of the Church. In this

on us, but they knew us not."4 to endure this dreary nightmare of position (which had originally been

At length the mob lost hope of findLiberty Jail for the duration of the Oliver Cowdery's) he held jointly with ing the Prophet and returned to Kirtwinter before they were permitted to his brother Joseph all the keys and land. Joseph went to Missouri. escape. 5 powers of the presidency. 6 In acLess than a year later the Prophet The attempts against his life concordance with that right, the Prophet

was confronted with another mob, havtinued, some of them even motivated had "ordained"Hyrum Smith to sucing been treacherously betrayed into by members and former members of ceed him as President of the Church. 7

their hands. The "moblitia"held an the Church who had grown bitter. Thereafter the Prophet requested Hyillegal courtmartial and sentenced him The impression of what was to rum to take his (Hyrum's) family and

to be shot the next morning. When come pressed upon the Prophet's leave Nauvoo until after the danger

the appointed time came, the execution mind, and he began to take explicit had passed. s However, the assistant

12 Improvement Era president was aware that part of his "...months before his death, the

—jointly—withresponsibility wastheto sealProphet's.his testimonyApparently, he could choose: either he could Prophet apparently realized that the Church

succeed his brother as President of the Church, or he could go to Carthage would go West"and thereby make his testimony as binding upon the world as the Prophet's, by sealing that testimony with his own blood. 9 He chose to go edly used by both Brigham Young and now shake from my shoulders the reto Carthage. The Council of the Twelve the members of the Mormon Battalion. sponsibility of bearing off the Kingdom

Apostles was the natural successor. The Prophet also organized the of God to all the world, and here and

"For months before his death"Jopolitical system by which the members now I place that responsibility, with all seph had been "fully aware"that the of the Church could be governed in the keys, powers and privileges perTwelve would take the leadership of the West. At that time the Great Basin taining thereto, upon the shoulders of

the Church. In order to prepare them area was claimed by Mexico and so you the Twelve Apostles....'"15

for this duty he had "stood before the was not within the political jurisdiction Now, so far as the restoration of the twelve from day to day, clothed with of the United States. The organization gospel and the establishment of the

the spirit and power of God, and inhe established, of which the Council Church were concerned, the Prophet structed them in the oracles of God, in of the Twelve was a part, was called had apparently completed all he was the pattern of heavenly things, in the the Council of Fifty, which served as required to do, except seal his testikeys of the kingdom, the power of the governmental agency that directed mony—and he was ready to do that.

the priesthood, and in the knowledge of the westward migration and settlement It is difficult t@, know how Joseph the last dispensation in the fulness of of the members of the Church. 13 Smith felt then. He knew and later

times."10 After Joseph Smith organized the said "that he had to die."16 He wished

Not only were the Twelve in need Church so that it could function propto stay with his friends, yet he longed of his tutoring, but the Church as a erly without either himself or Hyrum for a rest. Benjamin F. Johnson rewhole also needed considerable inSmith at the helm, he called the leadported that not long before the Prophet

struction before the keys could be ers together to give them final instrucdied, he came to Brother Johnson's transferred from Joseph to the tions. Wilford Woodruff and Benjamin home and "with a deep drawn breath,

apostles. For example, months before F. Johnson described that meeting in as a sigh of weariness, he sank down

his death, the Prophet apparently this way: heavily in his chair, and said, '0! I do

realized that the Church would go to "The last speech that Joseph Smith get tired and weary, that at times I the West. The Prophet wanted the ever made to the quorum of the almost yearn for my rest,'and then

Church membership to understand Apostles was in a building in Nauvoo, proceeded to briefly recount to us some that this projected move westward was and it was such a speech as I never of the most stirring events of his life's a part of the plan and was not some heard from mortal man before or since. labors, sufferings and sacrifices, and

inconsistent innovation originating with He was clothed upon with the Spirit then he said, 'I am getting tired and

Brigham Young and his associates. and power of God. His face was clear would like to go to my rest.'His words

Therefore, the Prophet took every as amber. The room was filled as with and tone thrilled and shocked me, and

opportunity to prepare the members consuming fire. He stood three hours like an arrow pierced my hopes that

for that move. 11 He organized an upon his feet. Said he: 'You Apostles.he would long remain with us, and I

exploring expedition to go west and of the Lamb of God have been chosen said, as with a heart full of tears, '0!

find a place where the Saints could to carry out the purposes of the Lord Joseph, what could we, as a people, settle. However, rather than sending on the earth. Now, I have received, do without you and what would become

the expedition members out, he had as the Prophet, seer and revelator, of the great Latterday work, if you them remain in Nauvoo, meet regustanding at the head of this dispensashould leave us?'He saw and was

larly, and make a thorough study of tion, every key, every ordinance, every touched by my emotions, and in reply the things already known about the principle and every Priesthood that he said, 'Benjamin, I would not be far

Rocky Mountain area. 12 He also drew belongs to the last dispensation and away from you, and if on the other

a map of the route the Saints might fulness of times. And I have sealed side of the veil I would still be working

wish to follow on their westward jourall these things upon your heads.'"1 '1 with you, and with a power greatly

ney. Copies of this map were report- "'And in the name of the Lord, I increased, to roll on this kingdom.'"17

June 1969 13...

From Deseret Book

about marrr and 1. ABOUT MARRIAGE and MORE

by Dr. W. Dean Belnap and

Dr. Glen C. Griffin

Here is a sensible guide to marital harmony. This profoundly useful

book delves into the valuesof temple marriage. The authors frankly For The discuss personal relationships after

marriage between husband and Summer wife as well as their offspring, and how they Bride can gain a better understanding of each other. $2.95 & Groom ijftawssGLNG

THE ''tfejs*8 THE OF THE HOUSE LORD i 3. HOUSE

by E. Talmage James

= j THE.OF 2. ABOUT LIFE AND LOVE For those contemplating marriage

or sealing in the temple, this book is Facts of Life for LDS Teens a must. This church classic has by Dr. W. Dean Belnap &

\m i it withbeen coloredrepublishedpicturesin a ofmoderntempleformat ParentsDr. Glen—C.readGriffinthis book then let

111 interiors. your teenage son or daughter read

All Latterday Saints who read it. In this manner you will each have

"The House of The Lord"will gain a common ground to discuss even a greater appreciation of the the most delicate aspect of boygirl significance of temple work in their relationships. It can be done in the

lives. home, where church leaders and

Hardbound $2.95 educators alike say the facts of life

Softbound $1.25 can best be taught. $3.50

JAMES E. TALMAGE

JUNE BONUS VALUE

B00K0F-THE -MONTH 4. LIVING, LOVING and MARRYINGThoughts for LDS Teens and Young Marrieds LIVING, Book

by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis and

Dr. Wayne C. Anderson Order from..

is practical guideThis a wonderfully DESERET BOOK COMPANY

East Temple, Squth to the LOVING & 44 all difficult art of Amost—marriage.

So. Main, or 777 Town Salt& Country,Lake City,Orange,Utah Calif.8411092668

for teens, datingvaluable handbook 3 4 couples and newlyweds.engaged young MARRYING 12

at these rates.. 4Vi% reduced This must includeBuy it now br LDS Tt nd om Mmlt TotalPleasecostsend me items circled:

ordering Utah residents Salt Lake tax from or fromduring June.. sales

California residents ordering tax from from 5% sales fj check; money order; or chargeRegular price $4.50 ONLY $3.50 establishedOrange. Paidaccount.by

Name j. ANDERSON.. Ph-D- Address WA'V

City

State Zip

JUNE ERA 1969

14 Improvement Era..."friends. children that apparently the and Prophet knew The all my "...if I and Hyrum

final apthe again,"but camehe be "taken would When moment were ever taken again somewhatparently hein alsocontrolknewof thethat situation,he was whilethe jailthe andmob Hyrumbatteredlayat deadthe doorson theof we should be andminethatthehe,occasionnot the mob,underwouldwhichdeterhe floor—thefrom the door,Prophetdropped"turnedhis pistolcalmlyon

massacred, or I was wouldHe hadfall intoalreadytheirmadehands.?many of the thewhenfloor,two andballssprangpiercedintohimthefromwindowthe

not a prophet of God,"tonecessaryhis death.arrangementsTwo days priorprerequisiteto writing fromdoor, without,and one andenteredhe fellhis outwardright breastinto

Joseph Smith declared thatwrittenfinalto notethe Twelvein his journal,Apostles, hewhomhad theing, hands'0 Lord,of myhis God!'murderers,"27 exclaimhe had previously sent east on a poli- "The testators are now dead, and

tical mission, and instructed them to their testament is in force."(D&C

In the meantime, a conspiracy on return to Nauvoo immediately. 21 135:5.) O

the Prophet's life had matured. About Uppermost in the Prophet's mind

two hundred of the Prophet's enemies was his desire to keep the mob out of were organized into a secret band that Nauvoo. When news came that an

had sworn an oath that they would army of the mob was approaching the FOOTNOTES dedicate their life, liberty, influence, city, the Prophet announced that he afterxJosephreferredSmith,to Historyas DHC),of the(SaltChurchLake (hereCity.

and their all "for the destruction of and his brother Hyrum would cross the 1949),2DHC,Vol.Vol.5, 6,p. 259.p. 58. (Italics added.)

Joseph Smith and his party."18 Mississippi and head west. He assured (Salt3LucyLakeMackCity,Smith,1954),Historypp. 24748,of Joseph25455,Smith

The Prophet was kept abreast of his friends that when the mob discov309-10.*DHC, Vol. 3, pp. 2-3.

this conspiracy by his friends, but he ered that he was not there, they would the5B.ChurchH. Roberts,(Salt ALakeComprehensiveCity, 1930),HistoryVol. of1,

apparently knew before they acted leave without harming the city. 22 So pp. 485500.

Bruce R. McConkie, Mormon Doctrine

what his enemies would do. To augJoseph and Hyrum crossed the river; (Salt Lake City, 1966), p. 55 (under "Assisment their purposes, the faction esand as had been promised, when the tant'DHC,PresidentVol. of6, thep. 546,Church").footnote.

tablished a newspaper, the Nauvoo mob arrived in the city the next morn- *Ihid.,8 There p. are520.two statements that indicate

that Hyrum did not know he would be killed

Expositor. In its first issue, which ing and discovered that the Prophet at Carthage. They are in DHC, Vol. 6, pp.

sought to "expose"the Prophet, the was gone, they left "immediately."23 full54950contextand itp. becomes598. However,clear thatwhenthesetakenstatein

ments were made to spare others the agony of conspirators combined garbled parts The two brothers were then both knowing how near death was for Joseph and of some of the revelations with fabrifree. They were out of the grasp of Hyrum.4-5; DHC,OtherVol.statements,6, pp. 54546,such as54950;D&C 135:and

cated stories of incredible filth and their enemies and could have gone Huntington,show that HyrumDiary, understoodVol. 2, pp. the408-9,full clearlyimpliobscenity. The city council, under west if they had chosen. But they cationsMWilfordof hisWoodruff,decision Millennialto go to Carthage.Star, Vol. 5,

Mayor Joseph Smith, declared the chose instead to "see the thing out"p. "Anson136. Call in Edward W. Tullidge, Tulpaper a public nuisance and had its (those were Hyrum's words, 24 but JoDHC,lidge's Vol.Histories5, p. of85;Utah,WilfordVol. Woodruff,2, pp. 27172;Conpress destroyed. The conspirators then seph had also used the phrase once ferencetington, Report,Young AprilWoman's1898,Journal,p. 57; Vol.O. B. 2,Hunpp.

charged that their constitutional right when referring to his coming martyrVol.31415;16, Erastusp. 207; Snow,DHC, JournalVol. 6, ofp. Discourses,398; Eliza

of freedom of the press had been dom). 25 It was on the road to Car- R.LorenzoSnow,SnowBiography(Salt Lakeand City,Family1884),Recordp. 76.of

violated. They alerted the people of thage that the Prophet said: W.DHC,Richards,Vol."Origin6, pp.of 222,the Plan22427;of theSamuelExothe state and its governor to Joseph "I am going like a lamb to the dus,"31. The Improvement Era, Vol. 7, pp. 927Smith's crimes, and a mob, under the slaughter; but I am calm as a sumGovernment13Hyrum L.(SaltAndrus,Lake JosephCity, 1958),Smith andpp. 7778.World

guise of the state militia, began to mer's morning; I have a conscience April"Wilford1898, p.Woodruff,89. Conference Report,

gather, prepared to attack the city of void of offense towards God, and toterBenjaminto Elder GeorgeF. Johnson,S. Gibbs""An Interesting(typed copyLetin

Nauvoo. wards all men. I SHALL DIE INNOBYUDHC,library),Vol. p.6, 9.p. 601.

On June 22, 1844, Joseph made the CENT, AND IT SHALL YET BE SAID 17Johnson18Horace Cummings,to Gibbs, p. "Conspiracy8. of Nauvoo."wDHC,The Vol.Contributor,6, p. 546.Vol. 5, p. 255. last entry in his journal: OF ME—HE WAS MURDERED IN COLD

"I told Stephen Markham that if I BLOOD."(D&C 135:4.) *>DHC,DHC, Vol.Vol. 5,6, p.p. 519.259.

and Hyrum were ever taken again we A few days later, while in the Car- "Willardnlbid., Richards—thepp. 54546; MartyrdomPreston D. ofRichards,Joseph

should be massacred, or I was not a thage Jail, he wrote his wife: "... I am Vol.and Hyrum10, pp. Smith."56667. The Improvement Era,

prophet of God. I want Hyrum to live very much resigned to my lot, knowing 23DHC,Richards,Vol.op.6, cit.pp. 54849.

to avenge my blood, but he is deter- I am justified, and have done the best zIbid.,&DHC, p.'Vol.605.6, p. 520.

mined not to leave me."19 that could be done. Give my love to 2'Ibid., p. 618.

June 1969 15 For 28 years, we've given you good books.

Today, you've given us a

... thanks! new building

The new Bookcraft building has 16,000 < squarefeet offloor space to accommodate speedy handling of ordersfrom over 600 plus dealers in the 50 states and most foreign countries.

Our new executive office and warehouse is located in the heart of Salt Lake City's newest and finest graphic arts center. New presses, new materials, new binding

techniques will make future Bookcraft releases better than ever. And our increased capacity has already resulted

in attracting new manuscripts from outstanding authors.

Here's a sample of our recent releases:

GO VERNOR CAL VIN L. left to right: Dr. Sydney B. Sperry,

RAMPTON CUTS THE RIBBON Professor Emeritus of Literature at

Dr. T. BookKenneth Orton, TO OFFICIALLY OPEN THE B.T.U.;

; craft coowner Governor Calvin

NEW BOOKCRA FT FA CILITT Rampton and Marvin W. Wallin,L.

Present at ribbon cutting ceremonies—Bookcraft coowner andgeneral manager.

3. MESSAGE THE ENEMY AN

I. i. PIONEER WAY ssm THE OF THE DONE 2.HATH *v# INDIAN AND PEACE TO rigs THIS DOCTRINE & STORIES E8HWJ0K HI by E. Mark COVENANTS by Ezra Tqft TH $8$f)i INDIAN fat Petersen Lucy

by A. Widtsoe Benson ra&MNf John

$3.95 - S4.95 $3.50 $2.50

Prices subject to change without notice. BOOKCRAFT 6-69

P.O. Box 268 / Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount of $ - 3 4 12 Name:

BOOKCRAFT Address:

P.O. Box 268 City, State, Zip:

Salt Lake City, Utah Residents of Utah add 4V4% sales tax.

16 Improvement Era Tommie Evelyn Phipps is a housewife and second counselor in the Relief

Society in the Dothan (Alabama) Branch, Southern States Mission.

By Tommie Evelyn PhippsRetrospect

Should you have passed through ou disease and death. But he had said,

city by the river on this calm summer "Here we will build a city,"and build day, you would have seen children we did. Wide streets, beautiful homes,

playing the games of childhood as and farm lands arose from the children have done down through the wilderness.

ages; women busily engaged in their At last we were safe and happy

household tasks; and on a little rise and now some are saying he is a

that could be viewed from all directions, coward, that he has run away.

men working on a rather large building It cannot be; there is a reason.

(when finished, this building will be There must be a reason for actin of great importance to many people). thus. Can his piercing eyes see the

The sun is shining brightly overhead storm gathering on the horizon? Can

There seems to be peace and his sensitive ears hear the rumble contentment everywhere. How could of thunder in the distance?

you know of the dark clouds of doubt If only we could have known, but and suspicion that only a few days alas, the die is cast! It is now three

earlier had hung so heavily over days since his return and the journey this city called "the beautiful"? into Carthage. We are still pondering

We could hardly believe it ourselves over it all, and his words are yet

Our leader gone... crossing the ringing in our souls: "If my life

wide river under the black curtain is of no value to my friends, it is of night... leaving his people and of none to myself."

the city he loved. The day is now fast drawing

Deserter! Deserter! How could he to its close. The city will soon be

leave us to face the world alone? shrouded in a blanket of darkness.

we who had followed him these many Children have been called in from years; we who had become wanderers their games, the workers'tools are

in our own homeland, wanderers put away, an atmosphere of quietness because we believed and had followed is beginning to settle over all.

where he led. Suddenly, on the still air, there

How oft had we found a place is the sound of hoof beats. As they

of refuge and begun to plant our roots thunder over the ground, we know deep into the earth, only to see the the rider must be in great haste.

hand of fate pluck them up again? What message is he bringing? What

After years of heartbreak and toil, message could be of such urgency he had found this place by the river as to cause one to ride like the wind

When our eyes first beheld it, our through the twilight dusk on this hearts sank—who could live here? evening of June 27, 1844?

Everywhere there was evidence of And a city weeps....

Illustrated by Fred Van Dyke

June 1969 17 y Y

ft;

.... ';

By Charles R. Furden

The day had been long and hot. Now the sun was

low on the horizon, and the evening darkness promised some relief. The elders had spent a full day tracting,

and they were looking forward to a cold shower and be in a good mood now 4hat the hot stm was out of a good dinner. the sky. And maybe he somehow would feel different

Their car rolled over the powdered roads in a billow toward the elders. After all, it had been a couple of

of dust. Suddenly it came to a stop just beyond a fork weeks. Or would Sam and his family be in the middle

in the road. Through the cloud of dust that settled of their evening chores, or eating, or even retired for

around them, the elders looked at the road that forked the evening? Even if he were just sitting under a tree

off into the hills. doing nothing, the elders seriously doubted if Sam

"How long has it been since we've been over to would be interested in seeing them.

Sam's place?"one of them remarked. Everything was against them, yet they wouldn't

"About three weeks,"was the other's reply. feel right if they passed him up. Even if they were

Many times Sam had said he could never understand turned away, they could at least eat the evening why a church would send two young kids, who were meal with a clear conscience.

still green behind the ears, tramping the countryside Sam and his family had moved up on the mesa for to preach about their God. Sam respected the elders the summer, and the journey there was long and dusty.

as human beings, but he had a knack for sleeping When the elders arrived, the last of the sunlight was through anything they had to say. The elders had just hitting the tops of the hills.

tried many times to give him a lesson, but he always Sam was herding his sheep into their new summer had some excuse for being somewhere else. pen as the elders pulled up next to his hogan. He went

Both elders looked at the winding road that led over to the car and said a few words of welcome, but to Sam's hogan. They knew that they should try to the wandering sheep were unfamiliar with the area,

see the family. But it was late, and it would be dark and he took advantage of the situation to excuse

by the time they reached his hogan. Maybe Sam would himself.

Illustrated by Jerry Harston

18 Improvement Era M % (/ 7 never changed. They never seemed to question, nor

did they seem to accept what was said—they just

effort watched of them and listened. an None made

lesson.: '// '"'/ to ask questions of the though at the end Even

the family appeared to be thinking about what they had heard, the elders still felt rejected.

The elders cou'see that the sheep were confused A short prayer was given, and then the elders made as to just where their pen was, and a little extra help the rounds, shaking hands and thanking each person wouldn't hurt, so they jumped out of the car and for his time.

pitched in. Sam seemed surprised if not suspicious As Sam escorted them to the door, he still appeared

when he saw the two young elders working alongside to be either half asleep or very deep in thought. He

him, and he watched them closely. didn't smile or give the elders any indication that they

About the time they finished closing off the pen, had made it through to him. Then, just as they

Sam's wife and their two sons rode up to the hogan. stepped out into the night, he stopped them. "I think

Sam looked at his family and then at the elders and I've seen something in Mormons I've never seen before, said, "Let's go into the house and have prayer now."and I like what I've seen. Come back any time; you

This surprised the elders a little, for even though most are always welcome."

Navajos requested prayers, Sam had never seemed On the trip back to their quarters the elders felt interested. as if they had crossed a great barrier. One elder looked

After the prayer, there was a moment of silence at the other and with an excited tone in his voice while the elders halfexpected their exit to be sugsaid, "Is it your turn to cook tonight?"

gested. Then, realizing nothing had been said, they "Yes,"replied the second elder. And then, anticitook the opportunity to ask if the family would like a pating the next question, he added, "What's left of the

lesson. Sam casually looked at his family, and seeing warmedover beans you fed me yesterday."O

no immediate objections, he gave his consent. Without

hesitation, the elders opened briefcases and unfolded superintendencyCharles R. Furden,of thea memberGranger of(Utah)the 20thSundayWardSchooland

their material out on the dirt floor. a draftsman by trade, couched the background of this

During the presentation, the elders watched the missionaryIndian missionary.story in his experiences as a Southwest

faces of Sam and his family closely. Their expressions

Where is Bloomington?

What's happening there? Why all

the sudden interest in one small valley held between the towering redrock cliffs of St. George, Utah?

The answer is simple.

In the past twelve months a OYTHE remarkable phenomenon has quietly taken place there. Bloomington MENT... has become the fastest growing

recreational community in the West. YEARRO Six sparkling lakes created,

3300 trees—big ones—planted,

a challenging 18hole golf course EAT.ION!

sculpted, Utah's largest single piece of lawn planted—190 acres,

and forty miles of sprinkling system laid down.

Best yet, 600 lots have been purchased for four million dollars, building sites for new homes, second homes, vacation homes.

And the Bloomington Country Club is the center of all this activity, with tennis courts, a big clubhouse,

20 Improvement Era rt%,, mm t '"*-* jf*A.A-

"feik \

m

-.-, iajfirtfe k?

aaJLhorses and stables, power yachts on Lake Powell, and a ski chalet at Brian Head.

Come to Bloomington.

See for yourself this astonishing yeararound recreation center.

See the new custom built homes going up. Feel the excitement in

the valley. There's a building boom

at Bloomington—the West's newest

and most sophisticated community.

Project Sales Office—3 miles

south of St. George.

Another project of TERRACOR 610 East South Temple / Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 / (801) 5216150 Q

MINGTON

LOOMINGTON ANCHES/COUNTRY CLUB

ARIZONA 21

[Lake Mead. )

guardian. theater, and in certain areas the

Persons under 16 not adage restriction may be higher.

El mitted. (This age restriction Film companies that do not choose

may be higher in certain to voluntarily submit a film for areas. rating by the Code and Rating AdTo explain more fully the new ministration selfapply an "X"ratrating system, the Film Board of ing to that film.

National Organizations has pre- 2. How can one find out what

pared questions and answers for rating a film has been given?

their publication Film Reports ( the The quickest and easiest way to

Green Sheet). The following has locate the rating of a movie is to

been adapted with permission from look in the movie advertising of this material: your local newspaper. You can

1. Exactly what do these ratings also obtain this information by

mean? phoning the theater box office.

All ratings given by the Code and These symbols can also be noted

Bating Administration represent in previews of coming attractions, the considered opinions of a compein the box office window, and on tent and experienced staff with posters in theater lobbies.

broad and lengthy backgrounds in 3. If parents wish to learn more

film appraisal. about the content of movies so as to

The "G"rating, suggested for make wise decisions for their general audiences, is given to own children, where can they find movies considered to be suitable this information?

for patrons of all ages. Movie advertising is one of many

Films rated "M"are considered sources that describe the nature of to be suitable for adults and ma- a movie. With a little effort, parture young people. Each parent ents can usually locate film comshould obtain information regardmentary in newspapers, in reviews GMRX,

then guide members of his own umns. Some family magazines and the New Film ing the content of "M"films, and by film critics, and in movie colfamily according to each one's mamost popular magazines discuss

turity, experience, stability, and motion pictures. One can also teleRating System special interests. No one underphone the theater and inquire;

By Eleanor Knowles stands each child's capacities and theater personnel generally subEditorial Associate needs better than a parent! scribe to one of the rating sheets

For movies with an "R"rating, (such as Film Reports), and can

In recent months, the motion the parent must again decide provide the descriptive informapicture industry of the United whether the young members of his tion given there.

States inaugurated a voluntary film family should patronize a film that 4. Why was 16 chosen as the

rating system to guide the public in deals with an adult subject in an basic age for ratings "R"and "X"?

their selection of movies. Under adult way. This too requires that There are a number of reasons

this rating system, the following he obtain information regarding why 16 is the best of several alsymbols are used in movie adverthe content of the film, and then ternatives as the age at which rattising: determine whether or not it is one ings apply. Though chronological

Suggested for General audito which he wishes to take his child age is only one of many measures ences. or children. of maturity, the vast majority of

Suggested for Mature audi- A rating of "X"on a film indieducators and parents agree that ences ( parental discretion cates that because of the subject today's young people have, by agem advised ) matter or the treatment of the 16, an abundance of factual inis Restricted:not admittedPersonsunlessunderaccom16 besubject,admitted.personsThisunderrating16 iswillto notbe formationlife previouslyand anconsideredunderstandingpossibleof

panied by parents or adult enforced at the box office of each only at an older age. Most states

22 Improvement Era require school attendance only up and exhibited in the USA without to age 16; most states grant work a film rating?

permits at age 16. In most states Yes. However, it is estimated that

drivers'licenses are granted at age well over 95 percent of the films 16. One of the oldest film classifiexhibited in the USA, both domescation systems is British, which tic and foreign, will now carry a

uses age 16 for similar categories. rating—either one applied by the

All of these factors and others were Code and Rating Administration considered in making this decision. or a selfapplied rating of "X."

5. Who will enforce the ratings While the foregoing answers

"R"and "X"? many of the concerns of the averThe ratings are enforced volunage movie patron, Latterday Saints

tarily by the manager in each mowill be welladvised to pay particution picture theater. lar attention to advertisements Worthy

6. How can the public benefit and to descriptions of films in to "

most from this system of film newspapers and magazines. A taqd

ratings? "G"rating does not automatically

Because the public'is ultimately indicate that the film is suitable for responsible for the success or all members of the family. The

failure of this system, here are some standards of the Code and Rating tips: Administration are far more liberal

(a) Learn to identify the rating than our Church standards.

symbols and what they mean. A "G"rating indicates merely

(b) Learn the sources of film that there is no overt nudity or sex;

content information, and use them. it says nothing about the plot, the

(c) Help your children to unquality of the film, or the dialogue.

derstand what the symbols mean And because a film has an "M"and why they are important. or "R"rating does not necessarily

(d) Urge the young members mean it is totally objectionable.

of your family to respect the ratings Many film producers, noting long inspirational in their movie selections, making it lines at the box office where films unnecessary for a theater manager with any type of "restricted"ratingto turn them away at the box office. are showing, will often insert a LDSEDUCATIONALFILMSMEDIA SERVICES

(e) Urge the editors of local single scene of nudity and play this Herald R. Clark Building

newspapers to publish the symbols up in advertisements. BrighamProvo,YoungUtah University84601

and their meanings along with In the final analysis, parents DESERET BOOK COMPANY Film Department movie advertisements. must assume the responsibility for Salt44 LakeEast City,SouthUtahTemple84111

(f) a film theaters determining the whether Support meets in your

Film Center Southwestern BYU Center Film 6th Avenue 415 North Films, their family's of standards.types say films you you want, The 85705 Arizona Tucson, AvenueInc. new BVUAssociation561 HillgroveChicago

and you will thereby encourage the rating code does provide some La Grange, III. 60525 BYU Canadian Film Center

Address Center Temporary Film Area Bay

South 23rd Avenue Films, 2300production of more of them. guidelines, but it is not intended to BYUAssociation

Alberta, Canada Lethbridge, Cypress AvenueInc. 25358

7. Does a code seal or rating judge on any merits of a film other Hayward, Calif. 94544 BYU Ricks Film Center

indicate the quality of a movie? than for certain treatment of subAssociationBYU EasternFilms,Film CenterInc. 225IdahoFirstFalls,StreetIdaho 83401

No. It is not the responsibility ject matter. And parents who find 600Ridgefteld.Grand AvenueN. |. 07657 BYUAssociationLos AngelesFilms, FilmInc. Center

of the Code and Rating Administrafilms that meet their standards can ORDERYOUR NEARESTFROM 2221Los Angeles,South OliveCalif.Street90007

tion to judge the artistic, aesthetic, encourage future production of BRANCH LIBRARY below the coupon of these Send quality patronizing or entertainment a movie. such films by

catalog! for your FREE

responsibilities Its limited to familytype movies, are encouraging judging whether or not films meet their friends to do likewise, and r>My

SERVICES MEDIA letting their of the Standards requirements producers movie know what

Building EDUCATIONALHerald Provo, Utah 84601 BrighamFt.YoungClark University, office receipts are for to Production, they want. applying Box and

film ratings. the language to which moviemakers Please send your FREE brochure listing all LDS Church produced films.

,——8. Can movies be distributed are most responsive! O NAME

ADDRESS-

.STATE -ZIPJune 1969 23

Advertisement SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TO READERS OF The Improvement Era

NonGroup Enrollment Now Open For folks who don't drink - you can receive as much as $10,000.00 extra tax free cash

Act now -your Enrollment Form must be mailed by

Midnight Saturday, July 26, or it cannot be accepted

If you say, "No thank you!"to alcoholic PAYS you up to $10,000.00 CASH for each NOTE: The regular Monthly Premium

beverages, then here is good news for you. accident or illness, starting with your very shown here (for your age at time of

That's right...if you don't drink you can first day in the hospital, at the rate of enrollment) is the same low premium you

now enrollar a very substantial reduction $100.00 a week....IN ADDITION to other will continue to pay. It will not

in premiumin the Community Extra insurance or Medicare. automatically increase when you or your

Income Health and Accident Plan which spouse reach 65.

provides $100.00-a-week tax free income PAYS you up to $7,500.00 CASH for your

for you, plus special benefits for your spouse (if insured) for each accident or family. Your benefits start the very first day illness, starting with the very first day in the

you enter the hospital. hospital, at the rate of $75.00 a week.

Regardless of your age, your occupation or PAYS you up to $5,000.00 CASH for your

the size of your family, your first month's eligible dependent children (if insured) for YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED coverage costs only $1. and your benefits each accident or illnessincluding the

start immediately! common childhood diseasesstarting with Q. What do I need to do to qualify?

the very first day in the hospital, at the rate A. Just complete and mail your Enrollment

Your Protection Plus Agency of Salt Lake of $50.00 a week. Form before the Deadline Date. It's that

City has been able to make special easy!

arrangements with Community Life THE EXTRA INCOME PLAN PAYS

Insurance Company to issue their famous YOU THESE "NO AGE LIMIT"Q. What is the Extra Income Health &

Extra Income Health & Accident Plan to TAXFREE CASH BENEFITS Accident Plan?

Total Abstainers with a ten perPAYS in addition to all other coverage you A. It's a low cost hospital income plan.cenf--10%--reduction in premiums!

have, including Medicare. Q. What is my discount?

that people drink knowWe who don't are PAYS all cash direct to you..not to the A. Your discount is ten percent (10%). "risks"...better.they have fewer

accidents.... they go into the hospital less doctor or hospital. Q. What must I do to get my discount?

often....so full should to have pay why you total abstainer A. from must be a You

is pays and pays! and PAYS There no limit as the person paypremium?...Or as much enroll alcoholic beverages, and must you

the of times number use you your may has an accident automobile because he towho period. enrollment nongroup the during

plan..Well drunk?.. while thankswas driving now,

Life, Protectionto Plus and Community to! If don't drink, don't haveyou you and-'REMEMBER....NO age limit....NO medical alreadyQ. Whyhavedo Iinsurance?need this extra protection if I

examination enroll this special duringyou nongroup costs, required....NO salesman will A. soaring hospital face of In the

call....NO "investigations."enrollment will save period, you 10% on is probably insurance present your

your premiums. Not just for a week, or a inadquate. In addition you will still need

month, or a year, but for the full lifetime of cash at your fingertips for those hidden your policy! This alone means extra dollars MONTHLY PREMIUMS AFTER "extras"that always appear when injury or

in your pocket over what you would have to FIRST MONTH'S PREMIUM sickness strikes.

pay elsewhere. PLUS....

A. UNDER AGE 65 Q. When do my hospital benefits begin?

You and your entire family get your first FULL FAMILY PLAN A. On the very first day you go to the

month for only $1. (Husband, Wife & Child or Children) 8.95 hospital.

ONE PARENT PLAN Q. How much will it pay me when I am

To encourage you to enroll during the open (One Parent and Child or Children 7.15 hospitalized?

enrollment period, to encourage you to put A. $100.00 a week up to as many as 100

this needed protection in force, and to HUSBANDWIFE PLAN 7.15 weeks for any one injury or sickness. Plus,

enable you to review your own policy, in for your spouse, $75.00 weekly up to as

your own home with your own trusted INDIVIDUAL PLAN 4.05 many as 100 weeks for any one injury or

advisoryour accountant, your lawyet, your sickness.

pastor or even your insurance man, who has B. AGE 65 or OVER

your best interests at heart even though he Q. Will this Plan pay in addition to my

represents another insurance companywe If Principal Insured is 65 or over on other insurance?

give you your first month's protection for effective date, add $2.70 to above A. Absolutely! We payin TAXFREE

only $1, with a full, unconditional, applicable premium. If both husband and CASHwhether you are insured in a group,

moneyback guarantee! But you must act wife are 65 or over, add $4.90 to above individually, or even under Medicare,

now, because this unusual opportunity is for applicable rate. Actually, our Plan goes handin-hand with

a limited timeonly during the special Medicare. We'll pay even if you are covered

nongroup enrollment period. by Workmen's Compensation!

24 Improvement Era.

Now... for people of all ages and families of all sizes

$100.00-A-Week when you are hospitalized choose the

$ 75.00-A-Week when your spouse is hospitalized plan below that

$ 50.00-A-Week when your children are hospitalized suits you best

Only $1 enrolls your entire family for the first month

Q. Can I enroll even if I am 65 or over? commissions or charge special membership Q. Is anything excluded from coverage?

A. Certainly. Everyone is welcomeat any fees. All these savings come back to you in A. Just these few reasonable exceptions:

age, providing you have not been refused the form of low, low rates! War, mental disorders, pregnancy.

any hospital, health or life insurance.

Q. Can I cancel my policy? Q. What about an illness I may have had

Q. What benefits do my eligible, dependent A. Of course you can! before my enrollment and which may come

children get? back?

A. If you choose a Family Plan, your Q. Will you cancel my policy if I have too A. After your policy has been in force for

dependent, eligible children, ages 3 months many claims? just 24 months you will be fully covered for

to 19 years, would receive 50% of all the cash A. No. We guarantee never to cancel your such illness. This is another quality feature

benefits of the basic Plan and 100% of all its policy because of too many claims, or of this unique Plan.

other benefits and features. because of advanced age. We also guarantee

that we will never refuse to renew your Q. Who's covered by this special $1.00

policy unless the premium has not been paid rate?

Q. May I add future dependent children to before the end of the grace period or unless A. You and all eligible family members.

my policy after it is in force? renewal has been declined on all policies of

A. Yes, indeed, if you have the Family this type in your entire state. Q. Is it really important that I join now?

Plan. Just notify us and they will be added A. Yes, it's very important because accident

without evidence of insurability and Q. Will my rates be raised because I grow or sickness strikes without warningand you

without any additional charge. older? will not be covered until your Policy is in

A. Never. Regardless of how long you keep force. Remember, you absolutely must

Q. How can you offer so many benefits for your policy or how old you grow, your rate enroll by the deadline datebut it's better to

so little premium? will still be based on your age when you enroll right away, for the sooner you apply

A. When we enroll a large number of people were first issued your policy. We guarantee the sooner we will cover you. You have

at the same time, our processing and never to adjust this rate unless we adjust nothing to lose if you change your mind.

administrative costs are much less. We deal rates on all policies of this type in your Return your policy within 15 days for a

directly with you. We don't pay salesmen's entire state. prompt refund of your money.

TO QUALIFY DURING THIS NONGROUP ENROLLMENT PERIOD,

YOU MUST MAIL YOUR COMPLETED APPLICATION BEFORE MIDNIGHT SATURDAY, JULY 26, 1969

SEND IT TO: PROTECTION PLUS AGENCY, 150 E. SEVENTH ST., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 80215

BE SURE TO ENCLOSE $1 WITH YOUR ENROLLMENT FORM

APPLICATION TO COMMUNITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, PORTLAND, ME.

For The Extra Income Health & Accident PlanCH 36 -A

NAME (Please Print)

ADDRESS

CITY. STATE ZIP

OCCUPATION.DATE OF BIRTH AGE.

I also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below(DO NOT INCLUDE NAME THAT APPEARS ABOVE)

NAME (Please Print) RELATIONSHIP SEX DATE OF BIRTH AGE

Neither I nor any person listed above uses alcoholic beverages; nor has been refused any health, hospital, or life insurance. I hereby apply

for the Extra Income Health & Accident Plan. I understand that I, and any person listed above, will be covered under this Policy for any

injury or sickness I (we) had before the Effective Date of the Policy after it has been if force for a continuous period of 2 years, but not before; and that this Policy shall not be in force until the Effective Date shown in the Policy Schedule. I am enclosing $1.00 for the first

month's coverage. If, for any reason, I am not completely satisfied with this new protection -I may return my Policy within fifteen (15)

days for cancelling and my payment will be promptly refunded.

DATE X.

SIGNATURE

Be sure to Enclose $1 with your Enrollment Form

June 1969 25 Teaching ChurchConductedSchoolbySyiltmihi

Some very; Special People

By Earlene Clement Gillespie

?$% '* "The youth nowadays are going my house, we will serve the Lord."

to pot"is a trite phrase you will (Josh. 24:15.) How many times has

never hear me say. a high school teen council represenToday is the last morning this tative, perhaps unknowingly, said

school year I will teach my semithis to herself, as she rolled sleepily nary class, and believe it or not, out of bed for seminary the morning 'there is a spot of sadness in my after a 140mile round trip to MIA heart. Knowing that I won't have stake leadership meeting? "Choose

to get up before the sun does; you this day whom ye will serve,"

knowing that I won't have to study says the big football star, or the each night for an average of two little shy freshman, the girl whose hours; knowing that the pressure is parents couldn't care less, the popuoff for almost three and a half lar cheerleader, the boy who gets

months; and knowing that I won't himself up, the boy who arises an

associate with those wonderful, hour earlier to milk his cows.

sometimes frustrating, enthusiastic, "Choose you this day,"says the tremendous kids every morning for boy or girl who will come to semthe next few months puts a lump inary hastily dressed and go home in my throat! again to get ready for school, or

Would you miss church if you the one who will come to seminary couldn't go for a spell? Would you and go home afterward because

miss eating ice cream if suddenly she is sick but wanted to attend you knew you couldn't have it? seminary anyway.

Would you miss reading a good My heart is filled with one emobook, or seeing a good movie? tion this last seminary morningWould you miss an occasional dill love.

pickle? Or how about salt in your If you have never loved before,

food? Well, try teaching an earlybe a seminary teacher.

morning seminary class for a full If you have never prayed before, school year; then face the last day be a seminary teacher.

without a pang in your heart and a If you have never cried a little, little ache in the "lonely"section. studied a little, or been sleepy and

Whoever invented the phrase tired a lot, be a seminary teacher.

"youth are going to pot"never And if you have never received a taught a group of Latterday Saint joy in your heart beyond words of students between the ages of 14 and expression, become a seminary 18! If he were their teacher, he teacher,

couldn't say such a thing. His awe Youth are going to pot? No! As

and aspirations toward those with long as there are young, very spewhom he was associating and whose cial people in the world such as future he helped shape would be these, who can radiate inspiration so great, there would be no room to people such as I, a humble semfor petty criticism. inary teacher, never will they go

"... choose you this day whom to pot.

ye will serve;... but as for me and And neither will we!

Earlene Clement Gillespie, chorister and choir director in the Torrance (California) Ward, is mother of four teenagers and wrote this article "the last morning of an inspirational earlymorning seminary year."

26 Improvement Era.

-.i$ I WW* m KT SAMSftj <10<s j

v v> W j

nn—nr

If you could hear this page, you'd want the allnew threemanual Baldwin C-600

The finest electronic church organ built

When you're nearing one of the the extraordinary. The C-600 helps

dramatic climaxes of Liszt's Ad nos you bring out the stuff great music is

Fantasie, as the organist is in the made of.

above picture (where the music calls Every element of the mechanics of for a sustained B diminished seventh this organ is standard, and console apin the right hand over broken octaves pointments are strictly in accordance in the left), you want to hear all the with the American Guild of Organists'different shadings and flavors... all recommendations

the beautiful, powerful suspense In the next day or so, contact your that's built into this passage. You will Baldwin Dealer. He'll arrange an introon the allnew Baldwin C-600. duction to the C-600 so you can really

The C-600 threemanual Baldwin get acquainted with this instrument.

is built for the organist who appreciIt's quite an experience.

ates the subtleties, little the it's nuances the We think finest electronic Baldwin that turnand colors the ordinary built. into church ever organ The Sound Investment

June 1969 27 Address delivered at priesthood meeting Saturday evening, April 5, 1969

"Let Virtue Garnish Thy Thoughts"

President David O. McKay

(Read by his son David Lawrence McKay)

My dear brethren of the priesthood, and you have dealt dishonestly with We have one of the most sacred

I welcome you, and appreciate this your fellows during the day, I rather covenants in all the world pertaining privilege of once again expressing my think that, as the king in Hamlet, to the happiness of the home. There

feelings to you of our great callings. your words fly up but your thoughts are men within the sound of my voice

As I contemplate the vast audience remain below; but if you have dealt who have forgotten how sacred that

of priesthood assembled tonight in the honestly, the Lord will hear and ancovenant is. The brethren of the

various places named at the opening swer your true feelings. Twelve, the General Authorities of the

of the meeting, and realize the power The third is loyalty. It is a wonderChurch, the stake authorities are urgof this great body of men, I am overful principle. A true friend is loyal. ing, youth everywhere to go to the

whelmed. Many acquaintances are not, and may temple to be married. Do not go to

I felt my feelings swell within my not be. Be loyal to the priesthood. Be that temple unless you are ready to

breast as to the possibility of the good loyal to your wives and your families, accept the covenants that you make.

that will be done, and can be done, by loyal to your friends. Marriage in the temple is one of the

these many thousands of men of the To the men of the priesthood I give most beautiful things in all the world.

priesthood who are worshiping tonight. this caution. Your weakest point will A couple is led there by love, the

"There's surely somewhere a lowly be the point at which Satan tries to most divine attribute of the human place tempt you, and will try to win you, soul. A young man looks, rightfully,

In earth's harvest fields so wide, and if you have made it weak yourself upon that bride who will be the mother

Where I may labor through life's short before you have undertaken to serve of his children as being as pure as a day the Lord, he will add to that weakness. snowflake, as spotless as a sunbeam,

For Jesus, the Crucified; Resist him and you will gain in as worthy of motherhood as any virgin.

So trusting my all to thy tender care, strength. He will tempt you in anIt is a glorious thing for a woman thus

And knowing thou lovest me, other point. Resist him and he beto wear the robes and be the pride of a

I'll do thy will with a heart sincere, comes weaker and you become stronger, young elder's heart, one who trusts her

I'll be what you want me to be."until you can say, no matter what your to be the head of his household.

(Hymns, No. 318.) surroundings may be, "Get thee beShe trusts him as being as worthy

I hope everybody who listened to hind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou of fatherhood as she is of motherhood,

that verse tonight applied it to himself, shalt worship the Lord thy God, and and rightfully, too, because on his and in a way made a sacred vow to do him only shalt thou serve."(Luke 4:8.) shoulders are the robes of the Holy

better in the future than in the past. Now, I mention this because there Priesthood, testifying to his young

There came to my mind some fundaare too many broken hearts in our bride, and to all, of his worthiness.

mental virtues that should be associated Church because men, some of whom Together they stand in the house of with that will. I will just name them. hold the priesthood and prominent the Lord to testify and covenant beFirst is faith: faith in God the Father, positions, are tempted right where they fore him that they will be true to the

faith in his Son, faith in our felloware weak. They forget that they have covenants they make that day, each

men. made covenants with the Lord, and keeping himself or herself to the other

The second is honesty, a childish step aside from the path of virtue and and no one else. That is the highest

sincerity, honesty in dealing with our discretion, and will break their wives'ideal of marriage ever given to man. If

fellowmen. It is the foundation of all hearts because of foolish indulgence those covenants are kept as sacred as

character. If you offer prayer at night and because o their yielding. sacred covenants should be kept, there

28 Improvement Era Proceedings of the 139th Annua

'General Conference of General CConference 1

The Church of Jesus Christ Index of Latterday Saints: Speakers Decisions 37, 47

Divorce 2 Drugs 39 Ezra Taft 42 Dwight D. Eisenhower 72 B. 31,all the addresses given by the Benson,Brown, Hugh 97

General Authorities Burton,Brown, VictorTheodoreL. M. 10860 EternalEaster Life 34, 83,53, 114101

Christiansen, EIRay L. 66 Evil 39

at the Tabernacle Cullimore,Dunn, LorenJamesC. A. 5167 ExampleFaith 69,66, 113114

Dunn, Paul H. 114 Freedom 49

Genealogy 108 Dyer, Alvin R. 39April 4, 5, and 6, 1969, God 31, 103 L. Evans, Richard 79

Hanks, Marion D. 53 Good Friday 53

Hinckley, Gordon B. 73 Goals 47

Hunter, Howard W. 106 Home 2, 28, 51, 79

Hunter, Milton R. 87 Home Evening 95

Kimball, Spencer W. 55 Home Teaching 93, 95

Lee, Harold B. 103 Honesty 89

Longden, John 113 Immortality 39, 101

McConkie, Bruce R. Ill 106, 116

McKay, David 0. 2, 28, 116 Integrity 89

Monson, Thomas S. 101 Jesus Christ 34, 53, 59,

Packer, Boyd K. 93 69, 73, 79, 83, 87,

would be fewer broken hearts among Petersen, Mark E. 75 91, 101, 106, 114

wives and fewer among the husbands. Richards, Franklin D. 49 Joseph Smith 34, 87,

A covenant is a sacred thing. A man Richards, LeGrand 91 91, 100

Judgment 37 Romney, G. Marion is 95 in married the temple haswho no

Knowledge 31 L. Simpson, Robert 89 right to at looking be young women, Love 51, 62, 73, 83, 91 Eldred Smith, G. 85 are in choir or in they the whether Loyalty 49 Smith, Fielding Joseph 37 Society, the Relief or of a a member Manhood 116 Sonne, Alma 59

general board, or doing any of the Stapley, Delbert L. 69 Missionaries 47, 85,

duties of the Church. You have a coveTanner, N. Eldon 34 93, 111

nant to be true to that wife. Brethren, Taylor, Henry D. 62 Morals 79

Obedience 51, 67 A. Theodore 100 keep it true, be true to it. Tuttle,

Parents 79, 95 Vandenberg, John H. 47

"It is easy enough to be prudent, Young, S. Dilworth 83 Paul 106

When nothing tempts you to stray, Peace 100

When without or within no voice of Subjects ProcrastinationPriesthood 28, 93, 3797 sin Prophets 31 Is luring your soul away; Apostasy 42 Repentance 37

But it's only a negative virtue Book of Mormon 87 Restoration 59, 91, 111

Until it is tried by fire, Card playing 89 Resurrection 34, 53, 55, 97 73, 87, 91, 101, 116 is the life that worth And the honor of CharacterCharity Revelation 62 31 earth, Chastity 2, 42, 75, 116 Salvation 31, 37, 59

Is life resists that the desire. Children 79, Service 95 85

Communication 51 Servicemen 93, 97, 103 "By the cynic, the sad, the fallen Counsel 67 Sex education 39, 42, 75

Who had no strength for the strife, Courage 66 Three witnesses 106

The world's highway is cumbered toCreation 103 Tithing 60 day; They make up the sum of life.

But the virtue that conquers passion

And the sorrow that hides in a smile, Note: President Thorpe B. Isaacson of the First

It is these that are worth the homage Presidency, Elders Sterling W. Sill and Bernard P.

of earth Brockbank, Assistants to the Twelve, and President

For we find them but once in a Hartman Rector, Jr., of the First Council of the

while."Seventy did not speak. Other speakers were PresiLysle dent Chicago R. Cahoon of Stake, South and

—Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "Worth While"S. N. Farnsworth, Ross Mason, Lee and James

I plead with the army of the priestBracken, members of the Aaronic Priesthood. These

hood assembled tonight in this meeting talks will appear in the Conference Report.

to keep true to the covenants made in the house of God. You have no right

to neglect your wives and go and seek

June 1969 29 the company of others who seem to be As I rejoined my companion and told Temple, prayed should be 'established more attractive to you because you are him, do you know what man came forever.'(D&C 109:54.) The Church

thrown with them in daily life, in into my mind first? The custodian at does not yield any of its devotion to

your business affairs, or in church the University of Utah, from which or convictions about safeguarding the affairs. This may seem general, but I had just been graduated. I realized American principles and the estabwhile I speak to you, a wife with her that I had as great a respect for that lishments of government under federal

tears and her pleadings comes to me man as I had for any professor in whose and state constitutions and the civil now, asking, "Won't you please just class I had sat. He acted well his part. rights of men safeguarded by these.

say a prayer, won't you offer a prayer I recalled how he helped us with the "The position of this Church, howto try to bring my husband back?"football suits, how he helped us with ever, on the subject of Communism

Well, she may have been to blame for some of our lessons, for he was a unihas never changed. We consider it the

the trouble—she said that she was versity graduate himself. Humble, but greatest satanical threat to peace, prospartly to blame—but I know that her to this day I hold respect for him. perity, and the spread of God's work

husband was to blame, for he is a man What are you? You are men who among men that exists on the face

who holds the priesthood and has no hold the priesthood of God, who hold of the earth."(The Improvement Era,

right to break his covenants. divine authority to represent Deity in June 1966, p. 477.)

The Spirit of God will not strive whatever position to which you have It is suggested that, in educating with a man who in any way helps to been assigned. themselves on the perils of Commubreak up another man's family. "The It has always been my nature to ennism, members should not expect bishgreatest battle of life is fought out joy the company of my associates. I ops and stake presidents to join with

within the silent chambers of the soul."love to be with my friends. The older them or through their positions lend

I ask you fellow priesthood bearers I grow, the more intense becomes my support to their efforts, since they are to do again what undoubtedly you have appreciation of fellowship in the expected to maintain a strict neutrality done frequently, to sit down and combrotherhood of Christ. I sense that as referred to. Nor should organized

mune with yourself. There is a battle tonight more deeply, more sincerely movements to become informed on

going on within you, and within me, than ever before. Communism impose their ideas upon

every day. Fight it out with yourself, May God add his blessings to the the membership of the Church in any

and decide upon your course of action instructions and reports that will be area in a manner that may lead to regarding, first, what your duty is to given this night; may we depart with division among the members. Nor

your family. Avoid conditions and greater determination in our hearts to should bishops, stake presidents, and

people getting into your life who will serve the Lord and keep his commandother Church leaders take the lead in cause unhappiness in your home. ments; may we go forth with greater support of such efforts of groups in

Second, decide what your duty is to resolution to defend one another in such a way as to impose such moveyour quorum. Decide whether you owe righteous living, to defend the Church, ments upon other Church members.

your quorum anything, and see if you not to speak against our neighbors, nor It is the right and obligation of every have strength enough to do it after you against authorities of the Church, local, citizen, and therefore every member of decide. Third, decide in that silent stake, or general. Let us avoid evil the Church, to be alert and to be inmoment what your duty is to your speaking; let us avoid slander and formed about social, educational,

Church. And fourth, decide what you gossip. These are poisons to the soul communistic, and other political inowe to your fellowmen. Decide where to those who indulge. Evil speaking fluences that would tend to undermine

your duty is, even remembering that injures the reviler more than the our free society. But it would defeat

"the greatest battle of life is fought reviled. its own purposes if it were done in a

out within the silent chambers of your In the United States of America, manner that would tend toward diviown soul."the Constitution vouchsafes individual sion in our own membership.

Remember this as a guideline in freedom, and let us pray also that the It must never be forgotten that conwhatever position you are called to Lord will frustrate the plans of the verts to the Church come from all serve: "What e'er thou art, act well Communists who would deprive us of nations, representing diverse views on

thy part."That, of course, applies to freedom. controversial issues. Ours must be the

moral and lawful endeavors, and not I desire to refer to some remarks responsibility to teach our members to harmful or villainous actions. That concerning Communism that I made in from all nations the true doctrines of

influenced me many years ago when, the general priesthood meeting three Christ with such power that they be as I have told some of you before. years ago. At that priesthood conferfortified against all false ideas, rePeter G. Johnston and I were walking ence, in addition to encouragement to gardless of the label under which they

around Stirling Castle in Scotland. I study the Constitution and be alert to may be presented.

was discouraged; I was just starting my communistic inroads that would underThe Melchizedek Priesthood course

mission. I had been snubbed that day mine it, I said the following: of study for the coming year will

in tracting. I was homesick. We "The Church, out of respect for the include in the lesson material such

walked around the Stirling Castle, rights of all its members to have their subjects as liberty and freedom, rereally not doing our duty; and as we political views and loyalties, must ligion and the state, the dangers of

reentered the town, I saw a building, maintain the strictest possible neutralCommunism, and other subjects conhalf-finished. To my surprise, from ity. We have no intention of trying sidered of vital importance in the

the sidewalk I saw an inscription over to interfere with the fullest and freest study of the profound truths of the the lintel of the front door, carved in exercise of the political franchise of our gospel.

stone. I said to Brother Johnston, "I members under and within our ConThe study of these lessons will enwant to go over and see what that is."stitution, which the Lord declared he able the brethren of the priesthood to

I was not more than halfway up the established 'by the hands of wise men become better acquainted with forces pathway leading to it when that meswhom [he] raised up unto this very that are opposed to righteousness, as sage struck me. Carved there was: purpose'(D&C 101:80) and which, as well as with the Lord's plan of salva-

"What e'er thou art, act well thy to the principles thereof, the Prophet tion for all his children.

part."Joseph Smith, dedicating the Kirtland In these days of great turmoil and

30 Improvement Era social upheaval, it would be well if all Jesus Christ, the Redeemer of the priesthood in your home and in your our leaders and members of the priestworld, appeared to the Prophet Joseph lives.

hood would be constantly reminded Smith. They revealed themselves in As I bring my remarks to a close, I

of the apostle Paul's wise counsel this dispensation and his work was want you to know that I am mindful wherein he said: "And I, brethren, established, never more to be thrown of the sacrifices being made by those

when I came to you, came not with exdown or given to another people. serving in the armed forces. May they

cellency of speech or of wisdom, declarSatan is still determined to have have the strength to resist temptation ing unto you the testimony of God. his way, and his emissaries have power and by their examples be a living testi-

"For I determined not to know any given them today as they have not had mony to others.

thing among you, save Jesus Christ, throughout the centuries. Be prepared God bless our missionaries who day

and him crucified."(1 Cor. 2:1-2.) to meet conditions that may be severe, by day seek out those who will accept

God help us to defend the truth ideological conditions that may seem their message. May they resist evil

better than that, to live it, to exemplify reasonable but are evil. In order to influences and thus become true serit in our homes. What we owe to our meet these forces, we must depend upon vants in building the kingdom of God.

parents we cannot express. Are you the whisperings of the Holy Spirit, to May his blessings attend you all as

real. are entitled. in go forward you you of the which They are and the workparents—fathers mothers—going

true is guiding this church. influence Master.to to Be on your continue have that same God work May this

children? God give you power so to to it; be loyal to it. Be true to your expand to fulfill its divine purposes.

have that influence, that your children families, loyal to them. Protect your Be true to your callings, brethren, and

may be true to the last, to death if children. Guide them, not arbitrarily, the Lord will bless and lift you up.

necessary, to the truth of the gospel of but through the kind example of a I bear testimony to the truth of this

Jesus Christ, which magnifies God, our father, and so contribute to the strength great work, in the name of Jesus Christ.

Father, who, with his Beloved Son of the Church by exercising your Amen.

Address delivered Saturday morning, April 5, 1969

The Gospel Is for All Men

President Hugh B. Brown

First Counselor in the First Presidency

The apostle Peter, writing to the "Not understood,"the poet has said. We may discuss our subject under

saints of his time, said, as recorded in "We gather false impressions two general headings for a few minFirst Peter 2:9, "But ye are a chosen And hug them closer as the years go by, utes, namely, the fatherhood of God

generation, a royal priesthood, an holy Till virtues often seem to us transgresand the brotherhood of man. The

nation, a peculiar people."sions; scriptures tell us that it is life eternal

Whether or not all will agree that And thus men rise and fall, and live to know God and fesus Christ, whom these characterizations are applicable and die he has sent.

to the Saints of this day, I am sure Not understood. As to man, we join with David of

most will at least agree that we are a old and ask, "What is man, that thou peculiar people—not in any unkind "O God I that men would see a little art mindful of him? and the son of

way, but perhaps most would say we clearer, man, that thou visitest him?"(Ps. 8:4.)

are a different people. My purpose Or judge less harshly where they canAnd just here we ask the pertinent

for the next few moments is to exnot see; question, "What is the relationship

amine and discuss some of those O God, that men would draw a little that exists between God and man?"

differences. nearer Dr. James E. Talmage summed up

Some of the antagonisms that exist To one another; they'd be nearer this part of our subject as follows:

between people and between nations Thee "What is man in this boundless result from the fact that they do not And understood."setting of sublime splendor? I answer

understand one another.—Thomas Bracken you potentially now, actually to be,

June 1969 31 he is greater and grander, more Roberts, in one of his later writings, the apostles, and furthermore that none precious in the arithmetic of God than discussed some of the principles of the would be given in the future; that the

all the planets and the suns of space. gospel that I desire to give wider circuvolume of scripture is completed and

For him they were created. They are lation. I shall quote and paraphrase forever closed—no angels, no opening

the handiwork of God. Man is his him. of the heavens, no man authorized to

son. In this world man is given dominUnder the uninspired teachings of speak for God. All this was ended.

ion over a few things. It is his privilege men and creeds as they apply to man The scriptures declare that some of

to achieve supremacy over many things. premortal, mortal, and postmortal man the prophets talked with God face to

The heavens declare the glory of God—it was taught that while man's body face. (Exod. 33:11.) For instance, we

and the firmament showeth his handiwas created by God, his origin was are told in Exodus that Moses spoke work. Incomprehensibly grand as are purely an earthly one. We believe that face to face with God as one man

the physical creations of the earth and before the creation of the body, all men speaketh to his friends. In Exodus 3:6,

of space, they have been brought into existed as intelligences. These intellithe Lord declared: "I am the God of

existence as a means to an end, and gences were not created or made, thy father, the God of Abraham, the are necessary to the realization of the neither indeed can they be; the intelliGod of Isaac, and the God of Jacob."

supreme purpose which in the words gent entity in man which we call spirit We claim the Church is built upon the of the Creator is thus declared: For or soul is a selfexisting entity, uncrefoundation of divinely inspired apostles

behold, this is my work and my glory, ated and eternal. Thus man is crowned and prophets, with Jesus Christ himself

to bring to pass the immortality and with the dignity which belongs to his as the chief cornerstone.

eternal life of man."divine and eternal nature. Generally, when we speak of a

May we then discuss our subject The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterprophet, we have in mind one who briefly with respect to God, and exday Saints (or the Mormon Cburch, if predicts future events, one who foreamine some of the things that have you prefer) claims to be a bold, protells things that will come to pass.

been believed and taught in connection phetic, and inspired Church built upon Indeed, that is, in part, the office of a with that subject. the rock of revelation. It calls upon prophet—in part it is what is expected

At the beginning of the nineteenth man to cooperate with God in his of him. But a prophet should be pricentury, it was generally believed that avowed purpose to bring to pass the marily a teacher of men, an expounder

God was incorporeal and immaterial, immortality and eternal life of man. of the things of God. The inspiration

without body, without parts or pasThis is a divine partnership and is of the Almighty must give him undersions, disregarding the facts that God available to all. It gives added meanstanding, and when given he must

loves righteousness and he hates iniqing to the term "the brotherhood of declare it fearlessly to the people of uity, and that love and hate, of course, man."It is not simply a philosophy of his time and to future generations. He

are passions. life; it is a divine plan or blueprint must be a seer who can help others

see, a teacher sent to inlife, mortal life, to of God was of It has been claimed that God life—preexistent

struct a to people, enlighten postmortal life. age. and an the holy form, even thoughwithout

scriptures teach that God created man The gospel is a system of continuing This is the primary office of a prophet.

in his own image. In fact, we are told education, resulting in eternal progresBased upon the teachings of the Holy

by Paul the apostle that Jesus Christ sion. Education is, in fact, a part of Bible, we assert that revelation from

was in the express image of his Father. our religion. We believe the glory of heaven was common in all dispensaAre we then created in the image of a God is intelligence. tions of the gospel from Adam to the

formless entity? The Lord said: "And I give unto time when Christ was upon the earth.

For us, God is not an abstraction. He you a commandment that you shall We agree that it apparently ceased for

is not an idea, a metaphysical principle, teach one another the doctrine of the a time because of apostasy after the an impersonal force or power. He is a kingdom."(D&C 88:77.) beginning of, the first century of

concrete, living person. And though in Just here, we might ask the questhe Christian era. The founder of The

our human frailty we cannot know the tion: Is there any communication beChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday

total mystery of his being, we know tween God and man, or has there ever Saints asserts that he had a great and revelation from been? is If there ever was such, why not overpowering to us, akin for he is revealedthat he God—in

fact, a visitation in which he beheld of his personality now? divineto us in the

Son, Jesus Christ, and he is, in fact, And this brings us to the question of the Father and the Son. Later, other

our Father. revelation. heavenly beings appeared.

The Church teaches that when God At the beginning of the last century, There is in all men an animated, created man in his own image, he did the idea prevailed among almost all ruling, characteristic essence, or spirit, not divest himself of that image. He Christian churches that while there which is himself. This spirit, dull or

is still in human form and is possessed was a time when revelations from God bright, petty or grand, pure or foul, of sanctified and perfected human were given, when angels visited the looks out of the eyes, sounds in the qualities, which we all admire. All earth and imparted divine knowledge voice, and appears in the manners of

through the holy scriptures, the Father to men, when there were living among each individual. This is what we call

and the Son are seen to be separate and men certain ones called prophets who personality.

distinct personages. We reaffirm the were able to declare the mind and As to man's salvation, some have

doctrine of the ancient scripture will of our Heavenly Father, yet all taught that God, of his own volition, and of all the prophets that asserts this was allegedly discontinued. had predestined some men and angels

that man was created in the image Though belief in continuous revelato everlasting destruction, while others of God and that God possessed such tion seems to have been quite uniwere ordained to eternal life and glory, human qualities as consciousness, will, versally accepted in the past, orthodox not for any good or ill that they had love, mercy, justice. In other words, Christianity maintains that there can done or could do, but because their fate

he is an exalted, perfected, and gloribe no current revelation; that no is fixed by divine decree. Those whom

fied Being. revelation has been given since the he would save he would move by

The late President Brigham H. crucifixion of Christ and the death of irresistible grace to their salvation;

32 Improvement Era.

those whom he had predestined should these two terms meant either the atChurch teaches with the apostle Paul be damned might not escape, struggle tainment of heaven or the assignment that there are many kingdoms of glory they ever so persistently. No prayers to hell—referring to the former, the in which men may live, each in a

could save them; no act of obedience attainment of heaven, as a mysterious, sphere suited to his nature, disposition,

might mitigate their punishment; no indefinite state enjoyed somewhere beand the degree of his intelligence. Paul

hungering and thirsting after righteousyond the bounds of time and space, taught that there is one glory of the ness would bring them any blessedness. and to the latter, to which many were sun, another of the moon, and another

They must perish, and that eternally! to be consigned, as a place of everof the stars, and that men will exist in

ThoseChrist—thewho heathenperish innations,ignorancefor inof lastingIt wasanguishbelievedandthateternalif onemisery.gained varyingafter; thatdegreesas theofstarsgloryof inthetheheavensherestance—were damned. So said those heaven by ever so small a margin, he differ in infinite degrees of brightness,

who expounded this creed. entered upon a complete possession of so also will men, in their future, exist

Others taught that infants dying in all the supernal ecstasy enjoyed by the in places and states of infinite variety, infancy without receiving Christian angels and the holiest of saints. If he corresponding to the variations of their

baptisms were damned, and that evermissed even by ever so narrow a marintelligence, knowledge, tastes, aclastingly. By some, unbaptized ingin, he was doomed to everlasting quirements, inclinations, and aspirafants were denied burial in sanctified torment, to be endured with the tions.

ground. "Hell's Half Acre"was a realwickedest of men and the vilest of In Luke 10 we read: "Thou shalt

ity in some graveyards. We humbly devils, from which there was to be no love the Lord thy God... with all thy

but unequivocally proclaim the eternal deliverance. mind."(Luke 10:27.) This is but a

and revealed truth that through the Against these dogmas of the attainpart of Christ's injunction, but seematonement of Christ, all mankind may ment of heaven or the assignment to ingly a part not often stressed either be saved, by obedience to the laws and hell with equality of glory in the one in press or pulpit. We hear often of

ordinances of the gospel. and equal severity of punishment in the necessity of loving God with all

Let us refer for a moment to the the other, we assert that a just God has our hearts and with all our souls, but significance of the terms salvation and provided a graded state of existence there was a purpose in his including damnation. It was taught in earlier for all men in the future life. mind in his instructions. Any person's

days and to some extent today that Upon this subject the restored conception of Deity must come within

Inucst In The Future

. BUY LAND

EVERY DAY MORE PEOPLENO MORE LANDPRICES ARE LOWLIKELY TO GO

UP! WE CAN SERVE YOU IN SIX SOUTHWEST COUNTIES ON FARMS, RANCHES,

RECREATION PROPERTIES, COMMERCIAL SITES, HOMES AND ACREAGE. SEND

IN COUPON FOR PROPERTY LISTS.

PLEASE SEND PROPERTY LISTINGS TO: D. W. CORRY

REAL ESTATE CO. Name

P. O. Box 966

Address Telephone 5866162 Cedar City, Utah 84720 City SOUTHERN UTAH'S LARGEST State Zip REAL ESTATE FIRM

June 1969 33 his mental horizon, which is deterjoined to understand and accept the to an antiquated world that has mined by the degree of his intelligence. principles of the gospel, of which passed away; it is a real and powerMan, by his reasoning, naturally enfaith in the Lord Jesus Christ is paraful force in our world here and now, a

dows God with his own noblest and mount. force that invests our individual lives

highest ideals, which, if he be studious We must receive its saving ordiwith meaning and purpose.

and devout, are ever growing. Intellecnances and then go on unto perfection. Yes, we doubtless are in many ways

tual activity produces an everchanging, Salvation is an eternal quest for a peculiar people, a different people.

because evergrowing, concept of God. knowledge. Man cannot be saved in We do not claim to be better than

Once the mind has grasped the idea ignorance. It is more than a philosophy any other people. We have our difof God, it will burn and glow and of life: it is a divine plan or blueprint ferences; we have our difficulties; we

seek to assimilate and radiate, to adore, of life—preexistent, mortal, and postare mortal. But we do claim that we

and emulate. This love of God by the mortal life. have a mission, and therefore we have

mind of man, when accompanied by The gospel of Jesus Christ is a re- a wideranging missionary system that loving him with heart and soul, will vealed and challenging religion. It enables people throughout the world

light the pathway to salvation. The calls upon all men to cooperate with to hear the message of the restoration

Master placed love of God and of felGod in an effort to bring to pass the of the gospel of Jesus Christ. To the

lowmen as paramount to all divine immortality and eternal life of man. truth of that message I humbly bear

commandments. We firmly declare that the gospel my own witness in the name of Jesus

All Church members, then, are enof Jesus Christ does not belong simply Christ. Amen.

Address delivered Sunday morning, April 6, 1969 Evidence of

Our Savior's Resurrection

President N. Eldon Tanner

Second Counselor in the First Presidency

On behalf of the First Presidency, The birth, life, death and resurrec- a purpose, without an anchor, and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, tion, and the message of our Lord and without hope.

and the other General Authorities, I Savior is the central theme of all As the Christian world commemowish to extend a warm welcome to scriptures—the Old Testament, the rates the crucifixion and resurrection

our radio and television audiences to New Testament, and our latterday of our Savior, who is the source of join with us here in this historic scriptures, the Book of Mormon, DocChristianity, I should like to review

Tabernacle on Temple Square this trine and Covenants, and Pearl of some of the predictions and events lovely Easter morning. Great Price. What would the scripsurrounding this most important occaWe are commemorating today the tures be without this message? All sion. Centuries before the crucifixion

greatest event that has ever taken place other things lose their meaning and of the Savior, the psalmist wrote:

in the history of mortal man: the purpose and fade into insignificance. "... the assembly of the wicked

resurrection of our Lord and Savior, Joseph Smith, the Prophet, said: have inclosed me: they pierced my

Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the Crea- "The fundamental principles of our hands and my feet.

tor of the world, who came and gave religion are the testimonies of the "They part my garments among his life for us and was resurrected. The Apostles and Prophets, concerning them, and cast lots upon my vesture."

fact that Christ rose from the dead has Jesus Christ, that He died, was buried, (Ps. 22:16, 18.)

made secure the resurrection of all and rose again the third day, and Also centuries before, Isaiah said:

mankind from the grave and offers an ascended into heaven; and all other "... he hath poured out his soul

opportunity for them to return to their things which pertain to our religion unto death:... and he bare the sin of

Father in heaven. Yes, all sons and are only appendages to it."(Documenmany, and made intercession for the

daughters of Adam and Eve are to be tary History of the Church, Vol. 3, transgressors."(Isa. 53:12.)

resurrected, raised from the dead, and p. 30.) Long before the birth of Christ,

each shall enjoy the glory for which In fact, without this great message Alma was asked: "What does this

he has prepared himself. of the Redeemer, we are left without mean which Amulek hath spoken con34 Improvement Era

cerning the resurrection of the dead, As he returned to Peter, James, and steal him away, and say unto the that all shall rise from the dead, both John, who were not fully aware of people, He is risen from the dead: so

the just and the unjust, and are brought what was taking place, he found them the last error shall be worse than the to stand before God to be judged acasleep. He left them a second and first.

cording to their works?"(Al. 12:8.) third time and prayed the same words, "Pilate said unto them, Ye have a

In his discourse following this quesbut each time as he returned he found watch: go your way, make it as sure

tion, Alma explained: "... it meaneth them asleep again. Finding them as ye can."(Matt. 27:6365.)

the reuniting of the soul with the asleep the third time, he said: "Sleep Try to imagine how heavyhearted,

body...."(Al. 40:18.) on now, and take your rest:... the discouraged, and gloomy the apostles

Jesus also predicted his death and hour is come...."(Mark 14:41.) How and others who had followed Jesus

resurrection time and again as he went alone he must have felt! were as they realized their leader had

about his mission. Matthew, Mark, Immediately following this we see been crucified. They were left alone,

Luke, and John record such statements Judas Iscariot betraying his Master in doubt, confused, not knowing what as: "I am the living bread which came with a kiss. We remember how he was to do. Though they had been with him

down from heaven: if any man eat of led away to the high priests and how and had listened to his words, they

this bread, he shall livefor ever: and there he was falsely accused, but the had not understood him when he said

the bread that I will give is my flesh, witnesses disagreed. When he anhe would rise again. They thought

which I will give for the life of the swered that he was Christ, the Son of their cause was lost. Peter said, "I go

world."(John 6:51.) God, they ridiculed him, spat upon a fishing."Others said, "We also go

Again: "... he taught his disciples, him, and struck him and told him to with thee."(John 21:3.) They were

and said unto them, The Son of man prophesy. "... And they all conprepared to go back to their old vocais delivered into the hands of men, and demned him to be guilty of death."tions.

they shall kill him; and after that he (Mark 14:64.) Let us review briefly some of the

is killed, he shall rise the third day. As the Jews could not impose the visual demonstrations that were given

"But they understood not that saydeath penalty in the Sanhedrin, he in the early days following the resuring, and were afraid to ask him."was taken to Pilate. Pilate said, after rection, or the irrefutable evidence of

(Mark 9:3132.) questioning him, "I find no fault in the fact that he was literally resurChrist himself, however, clearly this man."(Luke 23:4.) The multitude rected.

understood the purpose of his mission then renewed their demand for his In the early morning of the third and what would happen; and as the crucifixion. Pilate, learning he was a day Mary Magdalene and others came

time approached, he was very much Galilean, sent him to Herod, but to the tomb with the idea of preparing concerned. As he felt the time pressing Herod sent him back, not knowing the body for a proper burial. How

upon him he prayed: what judgment to pass. Pilate again surprised, fearful, and perplexed they

"... Father, save me from this hour: began to examine Jesus. At least three were to find the tomb was empty. An

but for this cause came I unto this times he pleaded with the multitude angel who was in the tomb said: "Fear

hour. to release Jesus instead of Barabbas, not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus,

"Father, glorify thy name. Then who was guilty of murder, but each which was crucified.

came there a voice from heaven, saytime they said, "... release unto us "He is not here: for he is risen, as

ing, I have both glorified it, and will Barabbas,"and when he asked conhe said...."(Matt. 28:5-6.)

glorify it again."(John 12:2728.) cerning Jesus, they cried, "Crucify They were told to go and tell the

Let us try to visualize what took him."(Luke 23:18, 21.) disciples, and also told that the risen

place as Christ was with his apostles It is interesting to note that Pilate Lord had gone to Galilee, where they at the Passover. finally took water, "and washed his would see him. Imagine their fear and

"And as they sat and did eat, Jesus hands before the multitude, saying, I great joy! On the way, Jesus appeared

said, Verily I say unto you, One of you am innocent of the blood of this just to them. They then hurried and rewhich eateth with me shall betray me. person: see ye to it. ported their experience to the apostles,

"And they began to be sorrowful, "Then answered all the people, and who doubted what they said. But

and to say unto him one by one, Is it said, His blood be on us, and on our Peter and John hastened to the

I?... children."(Matt. 27:2425.) sepulchre and found it to be true.

"And he answered and said unto As he was turned over to be cruciLater two of the disciples, traveling to them, It is one of the twelve, that fied, he was scourged, and a wreath of Emmaus, saw and talked to him. That

dippeth with me in the dish."(Mark thorns was placed upon his head. In same evening the apostles were sitting

14:1820.) his agony, as he was hanging on the together and recounting the happenFollowing this they went out into cross, the Savior cried out in his Godings of the day when suddenly the

the Mount of Olives and came to a like manner, "Father, forgive them; Savior stood among them, and said:

place called Gethsemane. Leaving his for they know not what they do.""Peace be unto you.

disciples there, he took with him (Luke 23:34.) "But they were terrified and afPeter, James, and John, "And saith Also, while hanging on the cross, he frighted, and supposed that they had

unto them, My soul is exceeding sormade this very significant statement seen a spirit.

rowful unto death: tarry ye here, and to one of the thieves who pleaded for "And he said unto them, Why are

watch. mercy: "... To day shalt thou be with ye troubled? and why do thoughts

"And he went forward a little, and me in paradise."(Luke 23:43.) arise in your hearts?

fell on the ground, and prayed that, While he lay in the tomb, the chief "Behold my hands and my feet, if it were possible, the hour might pass priests and Pharisees went to Pilate, that it is I myself: handle me, and see;

from him. "Saying, Sir, we remember that that for a spirit hath not flesh and bones,

"And he said,... Father, all things deceiver said, 'while he was yet alive, as ye see me have.

are possible unto thee; take away this After three days I will rise again. "And when he had thus spoken, he

cup from me: nevertheless not what I "Command therefore that the sepulshewed them his hands and his feet."

will, but what thou wilt."(Mark 14: chre be made sure until the third day, (Luke 24:3640.)

3436.) lest his'disciples come by night, and Thomas, who was not present on

June 1969 35

/ swptrthe first occasion, when told of the over my head, above the brightness of appearance refused to believe. A week the sun, which descended gradually

later Christ appeared again to the until it fell upon me.

eleven, including Thomas. When the "... When the light rested upon

Lord spoke, "... Thomas answered me I saw two Personages, whose brightand said unto him, My Lord and my ness and glory defy all description,

God. standing above me in the air. One of

"Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, bethem spake unto me, calling me by iwents cause thou hast seen me, thou hast name and said, pointing to the other

A THREAT believed: blessed are they that have This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"

AND AN not(Johnseen,20:2829.)and yet have believed."(JosephHere Smithwe have2:1617.)the testimony of a

APPEAL Later he appeared to over five hunyoung man in this dispensation who dred persons, most of whom were still actually saw and talked with the risen living when Paul bore his testimony Lord, and who, as some of the prophets that he had been visited by Christ of old, sealed his testimony with his and called to his ministry. blood. These are the testimonies of

Two other very important occasions only a few of those who knew and on which the risen Lord appeared were followed him.

on this the American continent. We There are many, many in the world

read in the Book of Mormon that, as today, however, who find it hard to the Lamanite prophet, Samuel, had believe that there was a literal resurpredicted concerning the crucifixion rection, and though the testimonies and resurrection of Christ, there was and evidences before them are irrefutdarkness for the space of three days able, it is difficult for them to believe

What is the threat in over the face of the land, and there because they do not understand just student protests? was great and terrible destruction. how it could take place. It leaves

because Thomas—doubting,

not seen. What kind of appeal do Citieswere killed,were anddestroyed,great wasmanytheirpersonsterror themthey haveas

they make? and mourning, as they were heard to We all know that there are many,

Are some groups say:this great"O thatandweterriblehad repentedday, andbeforehad manynot understand,things in sciencebut whichwhichwewemustdo

dedicated to destroying not killed and stoned the prophets, and and do accept. Where would we be if

American society? cast them out; then would our mothers the laws of nature and the laws of

Answers to these and other quesand our fair daughters, and our God were limited to man's understandtions are found in Dr. John R. Chrischildren have been spared...."(3 ing? We have been admonished:

tiansen and others'searching article Ne. 8:25.) "Trust in the Lord with all thine

on student protest movements in Following this great destruction, heart; and lean not unto thine own

the current issue of BYU STUDIES: multitudes of the people who were understanding."(Prov. 3:5.)

A VOICE FOR THE COMMUNITY OF saved gathered together around the How much wiser we would be to

LDS SCHOLARS. temple in the land Bountiful. They accept the word of the Lord, the Creheard a voice, as if it came out of ator of the world, and his teachings,

heaven, but did not understand until and prepare ourselves for immortality it spoke a third time, saying: "Behold and eternal life through accepting by

my Beloved Son, in whom I am well faith those things we cannot underpleased, in whom I have glorified my stand. Our faith should be strengthname—hear ye him."(3 Ne. 11:7.) ened by the testimonies of all those

And then they saw a man descendwho saw and talked with Christ, both ing out of heaven. He showed them his in Jerusalem and here on the American

hands and his feet, and said: continent.

"Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom How can anyone believe that these the prophets testified shall come into stories were concocted or are figments the world. of the imagination, when there were

"... I have suffered the will of the so many predictions and testimonies

Father in all things from the beginof the prophets and others, living in ning."different lands and at different times,

"... all testifying telling the and invitation, his same multitude the At

is This just issue one 1969 Summer.. story the individual? about feel prints same forth did the The went. and of four published issues annually

stories true. to be comfort his his in have nails in of the hands and What significant treating chalcurrent

. it. to security gives joy those and surety and of feet a did. and and know issues. lenges and

it believe his Christ record, he, what and that did of who bear was

Also in this issue: whom it was written by the prophets, prophets have told us about death and

Universities and Social Unrest in that should come."(3 Ne. 11:1011, the resurrection.

the Ancient World by Hugh Nibley. 15.) Christ said of his mission here upon

Full text of Vice President Spiro Then we have the testimony of our the earth: "... this is my work and

T. Agnew Forum address at BYU. modernday Prophet, Joseph Smith, my glory—to bring to pass the imFor the best reading on important 1,800 years following the crucifixion mortality and eternal life of man."

subjects to Church members suband resurrection. He says that as he (Moses 1:39.) He further stated:

scribe today! was kneeling in the grove in prayer, "I am the resurrection, and the life:

"... I saw a pillar of light exactly he that believeth in me, though he

SEND YOUR CHECK OR MONEY ORDER TO: BYU STUDIES, Brigham

Young University, Provo, Utah 84601

36 Improvement Era were dead, yet shall he live: his name? What do we do to come and eternal life. May we accept these

"And whosoever liveth and believeth unto the Father by him? His answer truths, follow his teachings, and enjoy

in me shall never die...."(John was clear and simple: Repent and be the blessings of the faithful.

11:2526.) baptized and believe the gospel, and It is my testimony that he lives, and

He also said: "If ye love me, keep my commandthat his Church is upon the earth to-

"Marvel not at this: for the hour ments."(John 14:15.) day, and is being directed through his

is coming, in the which all that are What is the gospel? It is the good chosen Prophet; that the prophecies of

in the graves shall hear his voice, news which the Savior brought and the scriptures will alj be fulfilled, and "And shall come forth; they that which he taught during his ministry. that, as we are told, "... this same

have done good, unto the resurrection His gospel has been restored and is Jesus, which is taken up from you into of life; and they that have done evil, being taught today in his Church by heaven, shall so come in like manunto the resurrection of damnation."those who have been called, just as he ner as ye have seen him go into

(John 5:2829.) called his disciples, to go throughout heaven."(Acts 1:11.)

The time is fast approaching when the world and proclaim his message May we prepare ourselves to meet death and the resurrection will come of peace and goodwill toward all men. him when he comes again, and prove

to every one of us. What must we do Every living soul should be earnestly ourselves worthy to dwell with him

to come forth unto the resurrection of striving to learn the teachings of the forever when we have finished our life and not to the resurrection of gospel and how to live them, thus work upon the earth, I humbly pray in damnation? How do we take upon us making it possible to gain immortality the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Address delivered Sunday morning, April 6, 1969

Procrastination the Thief of Eternal Life

President Joseph Fielding Smith

Of the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve

My dear brethren and sisters: Here in committing a little sin; yea, lie a many who excuse themselves and lull

we are at another general conference. little, take the advantage of one bethemselves to sleep in "carnal security,"

I am sure we are all very happy that cause of his words, dig a pit for thy thinking that the Lord will overlook we can attend, and we welcome all neighbor; there is no harm in this; and their little sins? Are there not those

those who are listening in. I hope and do all these things, for tomorrow we among us who are denying the power

pray that the Lord will bless me in die; and if it so be that we are guilty, of the devil, and who deny that there

what I may say. God will beat us with a few stripes, is a devil? Do they not "spiritualize"

Procrastination, as it may be applied and at last we shall be saved in the the torments of hell and say there is to gospel principles, is the thief of kingdom of God."(2 Ne. 28:7-8.) no hell? Have you not heard these

eternal life, which is life in the presDo not think that this was said of things taught? In this manner, Satan

ence of the Father and the Son. There the world, or even the "stranger... is raging in the hearts of the people,

are many among us, even members of within our gates."(See Exod. 20:10.) and members of the Church do not

the Church, who feel that there is no It is said of members of the Church. entirely escape his cunning sophistries!

need for haste in the observance Moreover, Nephi warns us that in the Bad habits are easily formed, but of gospel principles and the keeping of last days there will be many who will not so easily broken. Are we yielding

the commandments. follow Satan. I could go on and read to our evil habits, thinking they are

Nephi wrote of the people of the more from Second Nephi, but I am only trifles after all, and we will get last days: "Yea, and there shall be going to give you the chapter and verse rid of them in the grave? Do we expect

many which shall say: Eat, drink, so when you go home, get out your that our bodies will be cleansed in the

and "be merry, for tomorrow we die; Book of Mormon and read Second grave, and we shall come forth with

and it shall be well with us. Nephi, Chapter 28, verses 2029. perfect and sanctified bodies in the

"And there shall also be many which We are living in the last days. Have resurrection? There are some among us

shall say: Eat, drink, and be merry; we not heard individuals talk as who teach such things and excuse

nevertheless, fear God—he will justify Nephi said they would? Are there not themselves for their practices, saying

June 1969 37 KodakFOm DEVELOPING that they will be cleansed in the grave. unto you, even the law of Christ, must

Alma taught a very different docinherit another kingdom, even that of trine. He said to Corianton: "Do not a terrestrial kingdom, or that of a telessuppose, because it has been spoken tial kingdom."(D&C 88:18, 21.)

cerSAVE UP50% concerning restoration, that ye shall To become sanctified, there are be restored from sin to happiness. Betain definite covenants we must keep

FAST, CONVENIENT hold, I say unto you, wickedness never in faithfulness, living by "every word was happiness.... that proceedeth forth from the mouth

QUALITY SERVICE "For that which ye do send out shall of God."(D&C 84:44.) "They are they

return unto you again, and be restored; who received the testimony of Jesus,

CUT OUT AND USE THIS therefore, the word restoration more and believed on his name and were

HANDY FORM fully condemneth the sinner, and baptized after the manner of his justifieth him not at all."(Al. 41:10, burial,...

B"15.) "That by keeping the commandments

. cleansed be and washed might with what they

sins, receive the all their and from measured be. COLOR measureThe Saviorye mete,also itsaid,shall".

to you again."(Matt. 7:2.) Some think Holy Spirit by the laying on of the

K0DAC0L0R that a little punishment will not be so hands of him who is ordained and

Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints bad, and they are willing to take a sealed unto this power;

8 Exposure Rolls:...$2.55 Save 77c chance and suffer for their offenses "And who overcome by faith, and

Spirit of promthe sealed are Holy rather by the than keep commandments

. $1.48 Save Rolls:. $3.00 12 Exposure

forth ise, If sheds Father the instructed. as upon are of Lord, which the we

. Save 9( Reprints Negs: $.20 ea. from just true."are to and all those able are with a "few they escape (D&C who

Size Super verses 5460.) see also Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater stripes,"76:5153; themselves consider And they may

Picture Area are not sealed let that by the Holy fortunate. us remember But they who

just for. not Spirit Restitution sin of promise and be atoned who are must or EKTACHROME KODACHROME

great these expect true the need not to pay and have be must made; we will

into Slides or Movie Film Developed if to blessings. refuse to repent price and we

D 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides: receive the blessings of the gospel. No person can begin too early to

$1.35 Save75< Punishment is not easy to bear, espeserve the Lord. Parents are instructed

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides: cially when the conscience is troubled. to teach their children from infancy,

$2.40 Save $1.00 Who could be happy in suffering, and with the warning that they will be

Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll: all the while be thinking that the held accountable if they fail to do so.

$1.35 Save 75c suffering had come because of a willful, If a child is taught in righteousness

or persistent, breaking of the commandfrom birth, it will most likely be a always. of righteousness of They follower knowledge and God, when

are early to seek the Lord refuse BLACK & WHITE mentscounsel given been to walk had in who

Developing and Jumbo Prints righteousness? What will the sinner forsaken in the hour of their trouble.

Israel, of of history the in that has learned think day he Read the when 8 Exposure Rolls $.85 Save 51c rerebellion, they for willful often Nephites. repentance and when How

Rolls Exposure 12 $1.00 Save 88c realizes slow of suffering great punished! that they our belled were the How

20 Exposure Rolls $1.35 Save $1.45 Lord in love made it unnecessary for was the Lord to hear their cries when

36 Exposure Rolls $2.00 Save $2.72 him so to suffer if he had accepted trouble came upon them because of

Christ and his work? their sins!

to hearken slow unto Eternal has were prepared Father "They their GENEALOGY PHOTOS threeOur great the into Lord God; therethe the voice of kingdoms which

Negatives from old photos: souls of men will go. It is not the purfore, the Lord their God is slow to

$.60 Save 40c pose here to discuss these kingdoms. In hearken unto their prayers, to answer

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4c passing, it is only necessary to say that them in the day of their trouble."

in the telestial will go all those who (D&C 101:7.) So spake the Lord to

INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill have not been true: those who have modern Israel.

entire and address below form in name Wrap into desire the professed to enter not performed and have who Do you film include your and around in heavy exposed liars, receive eternal sorcerers, adulcelestial the kingdom and (D&C 41:1); along with duty your envelope remittance No

C.O.D.'s please Minimum order: $1.00 We terers, and all who refuse to walk in life? Then be willing to keep all of

full return receive postage You pay terrestrial truth. of Into will the the the credit for ways commandments Lord may give

unprintable negatives any or any overpayment.

are confirmation those are Baptism and you. go all honorable, who who residents Utah Tax. State Sales add 31/2%

have been morally clean, but who the ordinances by which wc come into

NAME (PLEASE PRINT) would not receive the gospel; also those the kingdom of God. But these ordiwho die without law. nances of themselves will not grant

ADDRESS To enter the celestial and obtain us a place of exaltation.

exaltation, it is necessary that the Each person baptized into the

CITY STATE ZIP whole law be kept. The word of the Church is under obligation to keep the

Check is is as follows: of the Lord. commandments He charge if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no Lord

is a "Therefore, covenant, for baptism it must needs be sanctiunder "new fied from all unrighteousness, that it and an everlasting covenant."(D&C

YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR may be prepared for the celestial 22:1.) When he has proved himself

MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED glory.... by a worthy life, having been faithful

MAIL TODAY TO "And they who are not sanctified in all things required of him, then

SAM'S PHOTO LAB through the law which I have given it is his privilege to receive other cove-

P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

38 Improvement Era nants and to take upon himself other of the Lord is the beginning of knowl- "Ye cannot say, when ye are brought obligations that will make of him an edge, but fools despise wisdom and to that awful crisis, that I will repent, heir, and he will become a member of instruction. that I will return to my God. Nay,

the "Church of the Firstborn.""They "Also, I give unto you a commandye cannot say this; for that same spirit

are they into whose hands the Father ment that ye shall continue in prayer which doth possess your bodies at the has given all things."He will receive and fasting from this time forth. time that ye go out of this life, that

of the Father's fullness and of his glory. "And I give unto you a commandsame spirit will have power to possess

Is this worth having? It cannot be obment that you shall teach one another your body in that eternal world."(Al.

tained without some effort. the doctrine of the kingdom."(D&C 34:3234.)

We frequently hear quoted these 88:7677.) The Lord is always merciful and

words of the Lord to Joseph Smith: "It Do not let us forget the words of kind. If we draw near unto him, he

is impossible for a man to be saved in Alma: "For behold, this life is the time will draw near unto us. "... seek me

ignorance."(D&C 131:6.) In ignorance for men to prepare to meet God; yea, diligently and ye shall find me; ask,

of what? The philosophies of the behold the day of this life is the day and ye shall receive; knock, and it

world? No! In ignorance of the gospel for men to perform their labors. shall be opened unto you."(D&C

truths—the saving principles and "And now, as I said unto you before, 88:63.)

ordinances by which salvation comes! as ye have had so many witnesses, Our chief trouble is that we do not

These must not only be understood, therefore, I beseech of you that ye do seek diligently. Our seeking is superbut they must be lived. Knowledge of not procrastinate the day of your reficial; we seem to think the Lord is

them will not in itself save us. Obedipentance until the end; for after this bound to hear us without aur putting

ence thereto will. And then will come day of life, which is given us to preforth much effort. Let diligence and

the fullness of knowledge, bringing pare for eternity, behold, if we do not love be our guides, and we shall find with it wisdom, power, and dominion. improve our time while in this life, the path of eternal life.

And the fullness of these blessings can then cometh the night of darkness May we all heed these warnings, I only be obtained in the temple of the wherein there can be no labor perhumbly pray, in the name of Jesus

Lord. We are told that the fear (love) formed. Christ, our Redeemer. Amen.

Address delivered Saturday morning, April 5, 1969

President Alvin R. Dyer

Counselor in the First Presidency

Once again, my brothers and sisters, "seeking to destroy the souls of men."educational programs, we will witness

we are feeling the surge and influence (D&C 10:27.) a breakdown of morals that could bring

of this great conference of the Church. We can see the need of these warnabout a depraved new social order.

I am grateful with you that President ings in the evil trends that are deThe "new morality"denies distincMcKay is listening and watching this teriorating man's sense of decency and tions between right or wrong, good or broadcast. moral standards. evil, substituting a code that decides

The prophet Nephi once spoke of The divine declaration, which gives the right or wrong of behavior accordthe woeful condition of mankind when unto man the right of moral agency as ing to human need, regardless of whatdeceived by the precepts of men. Said once declared—"Behold, the man is that need is distorted to be.

he: become as one of us, to know good and If we accept the teachings of this

"... wo be unto him that hearkenevil"(Gen. 3:22)—has come under concept, it could lead to a society

eth unto the precepts of men, and question, and man is seeking by the burdened with mass control based upon denieth the power of God, and the gift concepts of men to destroy moral principles of unrighteous dominion of the Holy Ghost!"(2 Ne. 28:26.) agency by creating what they have over the individual. It is well known

The Lord has warned his people of chosen to call the "new morality."If that a communistic philosophy would

the penetration of evil in the last days, we accept the evil doctrines of slanted like to sec this succeed in America and

June 1969 39 throughout the world. certain responsibilities of parents. I earliest ages up, but would also require

These deceptive and shadowed obquote: individuals to make choices without

jectives of wellpropagandized pro- "The welfare state has taken over recognizing moral consequences.

grams are moving at a very rapid clip. many economic responsibilities of the Moving forward under the umbrella

The first to which I refer is sex educaparents. We are all becoming that kind of the "new morality"is sensitivity

tion or family life education, which is of society.... You can spot trends that training, which, as a tool to shape

placing emphasis on raw sex in the may have a chance to become domihuman behavior, can be, and is, used school classroom, creating widespread nant in other countries. In sex educato ends that are inconsistent with goscontention, causing deep concern tion, there are some local programs pel principles. Certain methods of

among parents and leaders. that are very good, but most of the sensitivity training develop a form of

The programmers of this type of sex United States has nothing. induced hysteria, meant to break down

education, aware of resistance, are "The Contraceptive Society is now morals, manners, and the traditions of fortified with workedout methods to here and can be pushed back as little civility. Such approaches can do infiespecially people. harm, as the industrialized to young society and the nite and community deal with parental

1 sensitivity training As and needs the automobile."opposition. This matter we view

serious concern of an aroused public The "new morality"requires that other group psychology designed for to deny the use of such materials and young people solve their own sex probinterclass communication affecting the more firmly establish sound moral lems without the help of teachers character and personal life of the inditeachings in the fields of physiology or parents. What is moral and what is vidual (such as is done in T-group

and hygiene, as now provided by pubnot moral, or whether morality is intraining, group dynamics, autocriti- lic school law. volved at all, is to be decided by the cism, basic encounter group, selfThe National Education Association student. The most surprising and honesty session, and human potential

and American Medical Association's devastating of all is the effort that is workshop), emphasizing mass or conendorsement of a maturation educabeing made to isolate sex education as sensus decision, well might we ask the tional program seems to have stepped being completely devoid of moral requestion, What has happened to the up the activity of such organizations as sponsibility, fear, inhibitions, and unfortunate individual?

the Sex Information and Education emotional restraints. The greatest gift from God unto his

Council of the United States (known Whether used by those who are children is that of personal agency. It

as SIECUS) and the School Health skilled or unskilled, any teachings that is the foundation of spiritual culture,

Education Studies (known as SHES), describe and illustrate human reprothe principle upon which our Constiwith others, particularly those that are ductive organs and their functions, and tution was founded, and is the underintegrated in family life education any teachings that are directly counter lying obligation of our school system courses. to standards of sexual morality, do not to maintain, yet we see it being jeopWith ominous precision, reputable harmonize with the gospel, and the ardized in the teaching methods of

publishing houses are competing in Church is therefore opposed to such. sensitivity training.

this untapped market with expertly They are void of respect and reverence There are three main points of the prepared materials, films, and teaching for the opposite sex, life, birth, and group criticism techniques that show aids of all sorts. Herein, because of its parenthood. how the rights of the individual may

sensational marketable value, is a forWe can measure what will happen be submerged:

midable danger. in America by the experience and re- 1. An atmosphere is created by the

False images in the life of the very sults in other countries that have been participants to open up their behavior young will result from their idea to saturated with sex education in the to the examination of others. This

teach facts of reproduction before youth school classroom. These statistics apply plays down selfreliance.

are emotionally involved. The misto one of the countries: 2. Steps are taken to unfreeze or

guided fostering of sex education in the 85% of the people believe in sex destroy old values, which have been classroom on the basis that it will relations without marriage. adhered to individually, and substitute

lessen sex ignorance and reduce ille98% have had premarital relations. 2 mass decisions, which yield to the

disease, venereal pregnancy, gitimate personality group. of the kneel at the strongest of the brides who 50%

problems at has no basis time. 3 for altar and related are 3. Gradually pregnant unlearn the members may

sound conclusions. Actual experience The majority of women want free moral reactions and then experiment

has proven the results to be just the and unrestricted abortions. 4 with new responses, adopting what

opposite. Concerning venereal disease, caused they call the "new morality,"which

Based on the slanted experience of no doubt by the impact of sex educahas no morals in it.

foreign countries, whence the idea has tion in this particular country, one We hear the phrase, "If therapy is come, infiltrations into the classroom report reveals the fact that "gonorrhea good for people in trouble, then it is have already been made in certain and syphilis are more widespread than bound to be as good or better for people areas. Others have it under study and in any other civilized country in the who function well."As to this, I would

have launched pilot programs. Legisworld."5 Another report simply desay, woe be unto the medical doctor

lators throughout the country are being scribes it as "catastrophic."Yet the who would prescribe drugs and surgery

besieged for legislation to make it legal; programmers of sex education are for the hale and hearty.

some, most fortunately, to prevent it. trying to tell us that it will curb Group criticism sessions are suggesAn article in Look magazine tells of venereal disease. tive of methods developed by Mao's

sex education in a foreign country, inIllegitimate births, which, according Red Guards, where participants are ferring that America is far behind in to SIECUS propaganda, will be reexhorted to public confession and are the new order. This article contains duced by sex education, actually inencouraged to denounce one another,

perverted concepts of morals from creased by nearly 50%i in the country all for the purpose of breaking the those who would fill the school classreferred to. 7 will. One thinks also of Nazi methods

room with a complete expose of sex. To claim any real benefits from such of "strength through joy"fun and

To accomplish this, the article suggests a system would not only need a sogames. Sensitivity training is a device

the need of a welfare state, to take over called "brain washing"from the used throughout Communist countries.

40 Improvement Era Sex education and sensitivity training teaching methods, when abusively used, not only break down barriers of privacy, but also provide the techniques for mass, rather than personal, decision. This tends to destroy the

agency of man and is therefore evil in concept.

Church behavioral methods such as testimony meetings, priesthood and missionary report meetings, oral evaluations, and selfevaluations and confession emphasize the importance of, and preserve the rights of, the individual.

It will be of interest to know that sensitivity training has been ruled out as a teaching method in our Church institutes and seminaries.

A third deadly movement that is surging forward anew, to become united with other evil forces, is that of greater flexibility in marriage laws, which attempt to liberalize that which is already immorally liberal. A Ministry of Education's medical officer

describes unchastity as not in his view unchaste, as associated with outof- wedlock immoral activity.

A noted judge who has heard some 25,000 divorce cases tells of the immaturity of many early marriages. "If

people,"said he, "spent as much time contemplating marriage as they do buying a car or a house, they would be better off."In concluding his remarks,

however, he suggests a period of "trial marriage,"which nullifies his proper advice. Concerning this he said: "And

there's much to be said for trial marriage, especially since the pill is in such widespread use."8

Can you contemplate with me the effects of a trial marriage system upon morals? The very idea of it fits the

"new morality"concept and becomes a part of evil principles we must be alert to.

The "youth for alcohol"movement is gaining momentum. The magazine

Today's Health, published by the

American Medical Association, reports a discussion on the subject, "Should 6-69 INC. CLUB, LDS BOOKS toChildren Drink?"All Be Taught

P.O. Salt Box 400 Lake City, Utah 84110

the of in panel, ormembers one way another, favored the introduction of ENROLL ME AS A LDS BOOKS CLUB MEMBER so that I can start saving on my alcohol in the life of youth, even at LDS books. Enclosed is my check or money order for $

the age of four years, as a prevention for which please send me postpaid my free copy of PAGES FROM THE BOOK of alcoholism. OF EVE plus the following circled book(s). Residents of Utah add 4M% sales tax.

One panelist made this comment: 1 3 5 6

"The parent has the responsibility to I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of four (4) additional regular selections provide a healthy total atmosphere for or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price, after child.the This involves a lot of areas, which

Iincluding alcohol."20%. Imaywill resignreceive.at aanyvaluabletime afterbookpurchasingbonus free—four a regularsavingsselections.of approximatelyI underIt must be obvious, even to these staid that I will receive regular monthly reviews of scores of choice LDS Books

noted specialists, that such a program which are available to me postpaid as part of my privileges of membership.

intensify the onlywould misery that LDS BOOKS to try erroneously correct.it would

We must not be insensible to evil CLUB, INC. Name:

influences that are being thrust upon P.O. Box 400 Address:

Salt Lake City, City, State, Zip:.

Utah 84110

June 1969 41 us by the perverted principles of sex thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy we will keep our place secure in the

education, sensitivity training, youth confidence wax strong in the presence kingdom of God, if we are to safefor alcohol, and any flexibilities in of God."(D&C 121:45. Italics added.) guard our children against the evils of

the sacredness of marriage, which are The Lord has told us to live by the the day, we must walk in paths of challenging moral decency and righpattern of gospel laws. Said he: "And righteousness and keep close to that

teousness. We must unite our efforts, again, I will give unto you a pattern way of life found in the pattern of the

by organized parental councils with in all things, that ye may not be degospel of Jesus Christ. Of this I testify,

fathers taking part, through school ceived; for Satan is abroad in the land, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

goeth forth deceiving the naand he propboards, textbook committees, and FOOTNOTES

Contraceptive Society,"Mosldn, "The J J. Robert tions."52:14.) legislation, to er vigorously oppose (D&C

Look, February 4, 1969, p. 53.

us of Let these prophetic -Ibid., be mindful programming. p. 50.such

S U.S. World Report, March 17, 1969. and News evil of words, speaking the of the prime be reminded we May 48ff. one: pp.

". great shall against chilspeak.. he cit., 50. words parents role op. that *Look, have in teaching p.

1969. Opinion, March shall right. the high, principles most and wear out dren of truth and the r>AmericanaE7.S. op. cit. Report, News and World

.. saints think times to change. and divine inspiration have p. 51. come mid., From

in "Intelligence sJudge Williams, quoted Tom laws."(Dan. 7:25.) and us indito safeguard these words

8. 16, Parade, February 1969, p.

"... let virtue garnish thy vidually: testimony I bear to the fact that if Report,"Today's 46ff. February Health, 1969, pp.

Friday morning session, April 4, 1969

To the Humble Followers of Christ

Elder Ezra Taft Benson

Of the Council of the Twelve

Thank God for that timely and inthe gospel net drawing in fish. The geance shall be poured out "upon the

spiring message from our beloved good fish, he said, were gathered into inhabitants of the earth.... And upon

leader, President David O. McKay. vessels, while the bad were cast away. my house shall it begin, and from my

My remarks today are directed to It is important to realize that while house shall it go forth, saith the Lord;

the humble followers of Christ. I pray the Church is made up of mortals, no First among those among you, saith

that what I have to say will be of help mortal is the Church. Judas, for a the Lord, who have professed to know

to them. period of time, was a member of the my name and have not known me...."

One of the grand promises which Church—in fact, one of its apostles (D&C 112:2426.) I look forward to

the Lord made when he restored his but the Church was not Judas. that cleansing; its need within the

Church in these latter days was that Sometimes we hear someone refer to Church is becoming increasingly apthe Church should never again be a division in the Church. In reality, parent.

taken from the earth nor given to the Church is not divided. It simply The Lord strengthened the faith of

another people. This is reassuring, for means that there are some who, for the the early apostles by pointing out

no matter how much individual apostime being at least, are members of the Judas as a traitor, even before this tasy we may see occur among Church Church but not in harmony with it. apostle had completed his iniquitous

members, the Church itself shall These people have a temporary memwork. So also in our day the Lord has

endure and remain intact. Our task, bership and influence in the Church; told us of the tares within the wheat

then, is to see that we personally enbut unless they repent, they will be that will eventually be hewn down dure to the end in faithful fellowship missing when the final membership when they are fully ripe. But until

with the Church. records are recorded. they are hewn down, they will be with

The Lord distinguishes between the It is well that our people understand us, amongst us. The hymn entitled

Church and its members. He said he this principle, so they will not be mis- "Though in the Outward Church Bewas well pleased with the restored led by those apostates within the low"contains this thought:

Church, speaking collectively, but not Church who have not yet repented or individually. (D&C 1:30.) During his been cut off. But there is a cleansing "Though in the outward Church beministry on earth, the Lord spoke of coming. The Lord says that his venlow

42 Improvement Era Both wheat and tares together grow, us to be in the world and of it. They

Ere long will Jesus weed the crop want us to be popular with the worldly

And pluck the tares in anger up.... even though a prophet has said that

We seem alike when here we meet; this is impossible, for all hell would

Strangers may think we are all then want to join us.

wheat; Through their own reasoning and a

But to the Lord's allsearching eyes, few misapplied scriptures, they try to

Each heart appears without disguise. sell us the precepts and philosophies of

The tares are spared for various ends, men. They do not feel the Church is

Some for the sake of praying friends, progressive enough—they say that it

Others the Lord against their will, should embrace the social and socialist

Employs, his counsels to fulfill. gospel of apostate Christendom.

But though they grow so tall and They are bothered that President strong, McKay believes that "the social side of

His plan will not require them long; the Restored Gospel is only an incident

In harvest, when he saves his own, of it; it is not the end thereof."(Letter

The tares shall into hell be thrown."of the First Presidency to Dr. Lowry

(Hymns, No. 102.) Nelson, July 17, 1947.)

They attack the Church for not being

Yes, within the Church today there in the forefront of the socalled "civil are tares among the wheat and wolves rights movement."They are embarwithin the flock. As President Clark rassed over some Church doctrine, and

stated, "The ravening wolves are as Lehi foretold, the scoffing of the amongst us, from our own memberworld over this and other matters will ship, and they, more than any others, cause some of them to be ashamed and are clothed in sheep's clothing because they shall fall away. (See 1 Ne. 8:28.)

they wear the habiliments of the Unauthorized to receive revelation priesthood.... We should be careful lor the Church, but I fear still anxious

of them...."(Era, May 1949, p. 268. to redirect the Church in the way they

See also Conference Report, April 1949, think it should go, some of them have p. 163.) taken to publishing their differences "Where the World

The wolves amongst our flock are with the Church, in order to give their Registers"more numerous and devious today than heretical views a broader and, they this platform. staterespectable President hope, a Clark more madewhen trip to next Your Denver—the

this line well for be it would Alongment.—capital climate of America of these all words of said "the that us President has to remember McKay

Church is little, if at all, injured by President George Q. Cannon: will be most memorable when

persecution and calumnies from igno- "A friend... wished to know you stay at the Brown Palace.

honest considered enemies.rant, or malicious an whether misinformed we air conditioned 600 rooms

a of difference progress. opinion.. to its greater between hindrance mem-A

suites executive rooms and the Authorities shirkers, faultfinders, and ber of the Church fromcomes commandmentbreakers, and apostate of the Church was apostasy.... We five famous restaurants

cliques within its own ecclesiastical replied that we had not stated that an complete convention and quorum groups."(Era, December honest difference of opinion between a

1967, p. 35. See also Conference Report, member of the Church and the Authoraccommodations

apostasy, ities constituted for we p. 9.)October 1967, could To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE

differing honestly there are apostates within conceive of a man Not only our midst, but there are also apostate in opinion from the Authorities of the doctrines that are sometimes taught in Church and yet not be an apostate;

our classes and from our pulpits and but we could not conceive of a man KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

that appear in our publications. And publishing those differences of opinion Represented by:

these apostate precepts of men cause and seeking by arguments, sophistry MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER

our people to stumble. As the Book of and special pleading to enforce them New York City

Mormon, speaking of our day, states: upon the people to produce division GLENN W. FAWCETT

"... they have all gone astray save and strife and to place the acts and Los Angeles

it be a few, who are the humble folcounsels of the Authorities of the lowers of Christ; nevertheless, they are Church, if possible, in a wrong light

led, that in many instances they do err and not be an apostate, for such conunderstood apostasy duct was are taught they as webecause bv the precepts (Deseret term."3, HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT theof News, November 28:14.) (2 Ne. men."

Let us consider some of the precepts 1869.) Historical Tour (Jet or Bus)

of men that may and do cause some The world teaches birth control. Departures from San Francisco and

of the humble followers of Christ to Tragically, many of our sisters subSalt Lake City err. scribe to its pills and practices when Travel with LDS group

Christ taught that we should be in they could easily provide earthly Sacred Grove the world but not of it. Yet there are tabernacles for more of our Father's Joseph Smith Farm

Falls Temple Idaho Cardston spirit children. Temple—every that midst not knowsome in our who are so much We Site Independence Temple this will assigned to earth taking into gospel come, theconcerned about

the world as they are about bringing whether through us or someone else. Write for further details

worldliness into the gospel. They want There are couples in the Church who MCFARR TOURS

150 Powell San Francisco, Calif. 94102

(415781-7408)

June 1969 43 think they are getting along just fine mount to a major investment in error. sex education in the schools, they have

with their limited families but who Very few men build firmly enough on made the following statement: "We

will someday suffer the pains of rethe rock of revelation to go through believe that serious hazards are inmorse when they meet the spirits that this kind of an indoctrination and volved in entrusting to the schools the might have been part of their posterity. come out untainted. Unfortunately, of teaching of this vital and important

The first commandment given to man those who succumb, some use their subject to our children. This responsiwas to multiply and replenish the earth higher degree to get teaching positions bility cannot wisely be left to society,

with children. That commandment even in our Church educational sysnor the schools: nor can the responsihas never been altered, modified, or tem, where they spread the falsehoods bility be shifted to the Church. It is

cancelled. The Lord did not say to they have been taught. President Jothe responsibility of parents to see that

multiply and replenish the earth if it seph F. Smith was right when he said they fully perform their duty in this

is convenient, or if you are wealthy, that false educational ideas would be respect."

or after you have gotten your schooling, one of the three threats to the Church When you make a close study of or when there is peace on earth, or within. (Gospel Doctrine, pp. 31213.) the Sex information and Education

until you have four children. The Another threat, and he said it is the Council of the United States (known as

Bible says, "Lo, children are an herimost serious of the three, would be SIECUS), which is the major organitage of the Lord:... Happy is the sexual impurity. Today we have both zation pushing sex education in the

man that hath his quiver full of them. of these threats combined in the growschools, and read their literature and

..."(Ps. 127:3, 5.) We believe God ing and increasingly amoral program learn of their amoral leadership, you

is glorified by having numerous chilof sex education in the schools. At the can better appreciate why the Church

dren and a program of perfection for last general Relief Society conference is opposed to sex education in the them. So also will God glorify that of the Church, Elder Harold B. Lee schools, whether it is called family

husband and wife who have a large quoted President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., living program or by any other name.

posterity and who have tried to raise in regard to this matter. Let us listen I commend the parents who have

them up in righteousness. and learn from the following wise worked to keep it out of their schools

The precepts of men would have words of this seer, President Clark: and those who have pushed it out or

you believe that by limiting the popu- "Many influences (more than ever are attempting to do so. They must

lation of the world, we can have peace before in my lifetime) are seeking to love their children.

and plenty. That is the doctrine of the break down chastity with its divinely Let us consider another precept of

devil. Small numbers do not insure declared sanctity.... men: One of the tragedies of the

peace; only righteousness does. After "In schoolrooms the children are Korean War was the fact that the

all, there were only a handful of men taught what is popularly called 'the enemy was able to brainwash some of on the earth when Cain interrupted facts of life.'Instead of bringing about our men. Those methods, highly rethe peace of Adam's household by the alleged purpose of the teaching, fined and deviously developed, have

slaying Abel. On the other hand, the that is, strengthening of the morals of been introduced on a broad scale into

whole city of Enoch was peaceful; and youth, this teaching seems to have had our own country by some behavioral

it was taken into heaven because it was directly the opposite effect. The teachscientists through a program commade up of righteous people. ing seems merely to have whetted monly called sensitivity training.

And so far as limiting the population curiosity and augmented appetite...."While claiming otherwise, the overall

in order to provide plenty is concerned, (Relief Society Magazine, December effect of this training has been to break the Lord answered that falsehood in 1952, p. 793.) down personal standards, encourage

the Doctrine and Covenants when he "... A mind engrossed in sex is not immorality, reduce respect for parents,

said: good for much else.... and make well minds sick.

"For the earth is full, and there is "Already the schools have taught sex As in Korea, the heart of the training enough and to spare; yea, I prepared facts ad nauseam. All their teachings involves trying to get each member of

all things, and have given unto the have but torn away the modesty that a group to selfcriticize and confess as children of men to be agents unto once clothed sex; their discussions tend much as possible to the group. Now

themselves."(D&C 104:17.) to make, and sometimes seem to make, any informed holder of the priesthood

A major reason why there is famine sex animals of our boys and girls. The knows that this is directly contrary to

in some parts of the world is because teachings do little but arouse curiosity the word of the Lord as contained in evil men have used the vehicle of for experience.... the Doctrine and Covenants, Section

government to abridge the freedom "A work on chastity can be given 42, verses 8892. Only when a person

that men need to produce abundantly. in one sentence, two words: Be chaste! has sinned against many people is he

True to form, many of the people That tells everything. You do not need to make a public confession.

who desire to frustrate God's purposes to know all the details of the repro- "If any shall offend in secret, he or of giving mortal tabernacles to his spirit ductive processes in order to keep she shall be rebuked in secret, that he children through worldwide birth conclean...."(Era, December 1949, p. or she may have opportunity to confess

trol are the very same people who 803. See also Conference Report, Octoin secret to him or her whom he or she

support the kinds of government that ber 1949, p. 194.) has offended, and to God, that the

perpetuate famine. They advocate an Our Church News editorials have church may not speak reproachfully of

evil to cure the results of the wickedwarned us about sex education in the him or her."(D&C 42:92.)

ness they support. schools. As the April 1, 1967, editorial As President Brigham Young put it,

The world worships the learning of stated: "... if you have sinned against your

man. They trust in the arm of flesh. "Sex education belongs in the home. God, or against your selves, confess to

To them, men's reasoning is greater... Movements to place sex education God, and keep the matter to yourselves,

than God's revelations. The precepts in nearly all grades of public schools for I do not want to know anything

of man have gone so far in subverting can end only in the same result which about it."(Discourses of Brigham

our educational system that in many came to Sweden."Young, p. 158.)

cases a higher degree today, in the soIn answer to inquiries that have been But some sensitivity training doesn't called social sciences, can be tantareceived by the First Presidency about stop there. They usually want each

44 Improvement Era

LOOKING

AHEAD Savings plans to finance Missions for Sons, Daughters, Grandsons, Grandaughters

egardless of how you want to accumulate accumulated in the Passbook account. Also to

funds of approximately $2,400.00 for a have all the interest paid quarterly on the 90day

mission, First Security Bank can assist you. Savings Certificates credited to the

Passbook account. RThree types of savings plans are available,

together with variations or combinations to fit your "The way I've figured it,"said Mr. A., "I'll have

individual needs. These include: saved $2,424.96. If my son should go on a

mission, he'll receive $100.00 a month

5% per annum ShortTerm Savings Certificate—and the account will still have $579.11 in it,

with interest credited to a Passbook account perhaps for a postmission trip."

every 90 days.

$2,424.96 saved Amount Certificate LongTerm Savings annum 5% per 554.15 Interest paid by Bank interest 5-year with over a guaranteed 5%

period even if present interest rates should Amount paid Missionary $2,979.11

go down. This plan yields 5.60% when

interest is accumulated over 5 years.

SAVING $500 A YEAR Passbook Savings, a special mission account.

for a Depositing year year each once $500.00 deposited time. Any at any amount may be

will to return create a that fund years will your is 5 Interest rate at current per annum 4% a for months. missionary 24 month $100.00 compounded.

And the 24th month's check would be for

Many families use a combination of |plans. $778.80 - not just $100.00.

MR. & MRS. A'S PLAN AmountInterest paidsavedby Bank $2,500.00578.80

You may be interested in the specific plan Amount paid Missionary $3,078.80

designed by Mr. and Mrs. A. In the early summer

of 1968 they decided that they wanted to 5 years so that hence a fund accumulate $100.00 PLAN FOR YOUR FAMILY all the to their son be sent a month could

time he would be on a mission. Each family's requirements vary, but we at

to tailor Security have the "knowhow"Bank that time, at cash They had $624.96 receive so they aFirst plan so that you would maximum 5-Year Savings put it in our 5% perinannum interest.

is Interest Certificate. guaranteed. So the

$624.96 will earn $175.04 interest in 5 years. We hope you will come in and discuss your

By 1973 it will have grown to $800.00. specific problem—whether your savings plan be

To accumulate $1,800.00 more, Mr. A. decided long or merely for a short period of time.

to save $30.00 a month for 5 years. He instructed

transfer each us to automatically that amount regulations interest stipulate Federal the maximum which may it in a account and put from his checking month the present time be paid these banks. At by national

Special Mission Passbook Savings Account. maximums are 5% per annum on savings certificates and

Mr. A. also told us to buy a 5% ShortTerm 4% per annum on passbook savings. Examples shown are

Savings Certificate each time $500.00 has been based on present maximum permissible rates.

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association. First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming. FIRST SECURITY BANK Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

June 1969 45 Can you "Picture"a

person to tell the group about all of Year's Supply, their innermost feelings, their personal secrets, their fears, their repressed desires. They have even conducted nudity

for a family of five? sessionsbreaking asdowna theirmeansinhibitions.of supposedlyThey

want the group to know each other's vulgar thoughts and lustful ideas, their hates, envies, jealousies. But this We Can! flies in the face of the counsel of the

Prophet, who has said, "All such evils

FAMILY TESTED FOR QUALITY you must overcome by suppression.

AND PALATABILITY That is where your control comes in.

STABILIZED'STORAGE ATMOSSuppress that anger! Suppress that

PHERE jealousy, that envy! They are all in540 TECHNOGENIC CANS (SIX jurious to the spirit...."(President

PER MASTER CARTON) David O. McKay, Gospel Ideals, p.

PROXIMATE AVERAGE DAILY 356.)

YIELD PROVIDES 2600 k cal AND In these sensitivity sessions one's 60 gm PROTEIN standards, religion, family, and friends (EXCEEDS RDA, REVISED 1968) may be subjected to brutal and proattack longed the group. by And when CAR90 ENDLABELED WHITE

if it's all all over, confessed you've and

IN LESS TONS CAN BE STORED values ideals your had and smashed,

THAN 16 SQ. FT. FLOOR SPACE you may doubt if there is much worth

NO KNOWN LIMIT TO SHELFbelieving or defending, and your

LIFE loyalties may now have been realigned

PROVIDES FULLY BALANCED away from your family and church

MEALSAS-USUAL FOR LESS toward the group—for on them you

THAN 25 * PER PERSON may now feel very dependent, and you

PER MEAL may be more anxious to get their consensus on a position and their approval than to find out what's right and do it.

FOR COMPLETE DETAILS WRITE FOR THE VV wasWhenreleasedGeneralfrom aWilliamKorean F.CommuDean Nfcj

nist prison camp, the young Chinese "FAMILY FOOD RESERVE STORY"psychologistsbreak him said:who "General,had been don'ttryingfeelto

bad about leaving us. You krtow, we

We invite scouts, backpackers, campers, will soon be with you. We are going

jeep and trail bike enthusiasts to write or call to capture your country."Asked how,

they replied: "We are going to destroy

to get acquainted with "RACCY"the moral character of a generation of your young Americans, and when we have finished you will have nothing his with which to really defend yourselves the Trail Chef and exciting new trail foods and candlelight menus. against us."

And so the precepts of men are at work on our youth in so many ways.

"... President Clark, Said a tremenTrail Chef GOURMET QUALITY art, of dous the of the amount modern

*! inThelightNEW weightheavyfoods!favorite MAN PORTIONS MOUNTAIN literature music, and the modern and *

EXCLUSIVE LAMINATED PACK POUCH drama that we have today is utterly - light weight for backpackers demoralizing—utterly."(Relief Society

- tough for rough handling Magazine, December 1952, p. 792.)

- readable by fire light Have you been listening to the - burnable with no residue music that many young folks are hearECONOMIC RATIONS FOR FOUR IN EACH POUCH ing today? Some of it is nervejamming

in nature and much of it has been deliberately designed to promote revoWRITE OR CALL FOR "RACCY'S"DETAILED CAMPER'S BROCHURE lution,between dope,parentimmorality,and child. andAnd a somegap

of this music has invaded our church cultural halls. N Have you noticed some of our

Church dances lately? Have they been

2370 SOUTH STATE STREET 136 EAST 6TH STREET praiseworthy, lovely, and of good reSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115 BEAUMONT, CALIFORNIA 92223 port? "I doubt,"said President McKay,

PHONE (801) 4871735 PHONE (714) 8451691 "whetherof the prevalentit is possiblefad dancesto dancein a manmost (Freeway: Easy on - Easy off) (Home Office)

46 Improvement Era ner to meet LDS standards."And what well put it, "... take up any national would be lacking the life of the work,

about modesty in dress? When was the magazine, look at the ads and, if you and, like the foolish virgins who

last time you saw a high school girl can stand the filth, read some of the slumbered while the bridegroom tarfor his they expressed are, in their be unprepared covered would a dress that her knees?wearing and ried, stories—they

.. coming.."(Millennial Star, Oct. address of life, suggestive standards destructive of Elder courageous 5, SpenThe

cer W. Kimball a few years ago entitled of the very foundations of our society."1861 [Vol. 23], pp. 64546.)

"A Style of Our Own"is certainly ap- (Conference Report, April 1951, p. 79.) To repeat again from the Book of

plicable today. Now hear this test proposed by Mormon, "... they have all gone

I want to congratulate the TaberPresident George Q. Cannon: "If the astray save it be a few, who are the

nacle Choir for their attire. It was breach is daily widening between ourhumble followers of Christ; neverthenoted that in their broadcast at Conselves and the world... we may be less, they are led, that in many institution Hall during the inaugural assured that our progress is certain, stances they do err because they are

festivities, all the ladies seated on the however slow. On the opposite hand, taught by the precepts of men."(2 Ne.

front row had dresses that covered their if our feelings and affections, our appe28:14.)

knees. tites and desires, are in unison with May we cherish God's revelations

Now what kind of magazines come the world around us and freely fratermore than man's reasoning and choose into your home? With perhaps one or nize with them... we should do well to follow the prophets of the Lord

two exceptions, I would not have any to examine ourselves. Individuals in rather than the precepts of men is my

of the major national slick magazines such a condition might possess a humble prayer, in the name of Jesus in my home. As President Clark so nominal position in the Church but Christ. Amen.

Our Path in Today's World

Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Presiding Bishop

Sometime ago a friend sent me a "And many men wound in and out, Followed this zigzag calf about short story put in verse by Sam Walter And dodged and turned and bent And o'er his crooked journey went

Foss. Though it was written several about, The traffic of a continent.

decades ago, the message seems parAnd uttered words of righteous wrath A hundred thousand men were led ticularly relevant today. It is entitled Because 'twas such a crooked path;... By one calf near three centuries dead.

"The CalfPath,"and reads as follows: They followed still his crooked way,

"The forest path became a lane And lost one hundred years a day;

"One day through the primeval wood That bent and turned and turned For thus such reverence is lent

A calf walked home as good calves again: To wellestablished precedent.

should; This crooked lane became a road,

But made a trail all bent askew, Where many a poor horse with his "... For men are prone to go it blind

A crooked path as all calves do.... load Along the calfpath of the mind,

Toiled on beneath the burning sun, And work away from sun to sun "The trail was taken up next day And traveled some three miles in To do what other men have done.

By a lone dog that passed that way; one.... They follow in the beaten track,

And then a wise bellwether sheep And out and in, and forth and back,

Pursued the trail o'er vale and steep, "The years passed on in swiftness fleet, And still their devious course pursue,

And drew the flock behind him, too, The road became a village street; To keep the path that others do.

As good bellwethers always do. And this, before men were aware, They keep the path a sacred groove,

And from that day, o'er hill and glade, A city's crowded thoroughfare.... Along which all their lives they move;

Through those old woods a path was But how the wise old woodgods laugh, made. "Each day a hundred thousand rout Who saw the first primeval calf."

June 1969 47 In today's world there are many To avoid the broad way, spoken of endeavoring to lead mankind "carepaths for people to travel. There are by the Master, it is necessary for all fully down to hell"(2 Ne. 28:21), it

some who, like those who followed the persons to periodically evaluate the is imperative that parents lead and calf, are pursuing a course in life for course of their lives and to envision the discipline their children in the teachno other reason than that others have ultimate end toward which they are ings of the gospel. Our youth need

preceded them. They follow a path traveling. this guidance and direction, and they

without thinking where it may lead In the story "The Mansion,"by themselves want it. They plead within,

them or even who made the path. Henry Van Dyke, one of the charas did the psalmist, "Make me to go

They justify their course because it is acters by the name of John Weightin the path of thy commandments; for

so well traveled. man envisioned the ultimate result of therein do I delight."(Ps. 119:35.)

With so many ways meandering in the path of life on which he traveled. The gospel is described by the Savior

so many directions, some may be conOne evening as he prepared to retire, in this way: "... strait is the gate, and

fused. Careful analysis reveals, howhe opened the Bible and read from narrow is the way, which leadeth unto

ever, that the solution is a matter of Matthew, "Lay not up for yourselves life, and few there be that find it."

defining our objectives and then foltreasures upon earth, where moth and (Matt. 7:14.) It requires discipline to

lowing the path that leads to them. rust doth corrupt, and where thieves travel this narrow way.

Every person should analyze the ultibreak through and steal; In our modern world we talk of

mate destination of the way he is "But lay up for yourselves treasures and use a method to efficiently and traveling. in heaven...."(Matt. 6:1920.) effectively accomplish a project. It is

An unkind word spoken by a husHe fell asleep feeling comfortable in known as the "critical path"method.

band to his wife may start a conflict that he had been a benefactor, since This method is a way of correlating at home that leads to misery, turmoil, he had donated generously to charities, the chain of critical activities necesand ultimately divorce. foundations, and other worthy causes. sary for the completion of a given

You can visualize the destination of As he slept, he dreamed that he visited project, calling for high discipline in the journey that begins with the the life after death and was to receive timing and filling each step in proneglect of children in order to pursue his mansion. He was dismayed to find ductive order.

worldly goods. Yet many mothers that his mansion in the other world The critical path is the narrow way,

persist in traveling such a course. was only a hut in a big field of weeds. and in business, education, science, or

What about the path that starts with He complained to the guide, "Surely, life we must follow a critical path or that first socalled social drink? This sir, there is something wrong."narrow way to achieve ultimate succould lead to mistrust, immorality, "There is no mistake,"said the cess. Thus it becomes a matter for

poverty, broken homes, and broken guide. "Were not all these endowyou and me to consider. Someone

lives. ments carefully recorded on earth calls it to our attention in this manner:

Has good ever come from walking where they would add to your credit? "Your greatest problem is yourself.

the path of drug abuse? No. It leads Verily you have had your reward for You are also your greatest treasure. If

rather to addiction, insanity, immoralthem. Would you be paid twice?"you can get yourself determined upon

ity, suicide, and a dissipated life. Humbled, Weightman asked, "What find out what you are and what you

Exposure to suggestive, obscene literais it that counts here?"are for—and if you can discover and

ture and entertainment, which provides The guide replied, "Only that which develop the elements of value in your repeated examples of indiscretion and is truly given. Only that good which nature, your life will take on the

immorality, leads to a breakdown in is done for the love of doing it. Only beauty of orderliness and your need of

one's moral values. A person soon those plans in which the welfare of the savings bank will be less and less,

finds that by this subtle means he has others is the master thought. Only for you will be your own riches. I say,

been induced to tread the path to the those labors in which the sacrifice is if you can, for this procedure takes point where immorality becomes a greater than the reward. Only those wisdom, and wisdom is the fruit which

common and accepted practice with gifts in which the giver forgets himself. ripens slowly. Perhaps you are not yet

him, with personal degradation and These are the things that the King wise; perhaps you are still incapable of

misery the end products. never forgets; and because there were selfanalysis; perhaps you are confused

Yet in spite of their destinations, few of them in your life, you have a amid the surfaces and appearances of these paths have many travelers. It is little place here."life; perhaps your code of conduct is

of such evil ways the Lord was speakHelaman, the Nephite leader and based upon the customs of the times ing when he counseled against them prophet, counseled his sons that they and the sayings of the alleged sages;

and said, "Enter ye in at the strait might be equipped with the discernperhaps you are disheartened and disgate: for wide is the gate, and broad ment to select the proven and eternal couraged—even in frenzy of retreat

is the way, that leadeth to destruction, path. He said, "And now, my sons, before the things in your life which

and many there be which go in thereremember, remember that it is upon seem to oppose you and beat you back.

at."(Matt. 7:13.) the rock of our Redeemer, who is But even so, this is but a condition or

The idea that a person would have Christ, the Son of God, that ye must mood which is not final—the condito try each of these paths before he build your foundation; that when the tion will right itself, the mood will

could judge whether it be wrong is a devil shall send forth his mighty winds, pass."(Richard Wightman, The Speakcunning plan laid by the adversary to yea, his shafts in the whirlwind, yea, ers Desk Book [Maxwell Drake, 1937],

entrap the souls of men. A continual when all his hail and his mighty storm p. 686.)

exposure to evil ways develops a shall beat upon you, it shall have no To this I might add, you will achieve lowered resistance to them, a higher power over you to drag you down to ultimate success if you will align degree of tolerance for sin, which the gulf of misery and endless wo, yourself to the discipline required by eventually leads to the embracing of because of the rock upon which ye are the narrow way which leads to eternal the evil practices. Do not forget that built, which is a sure foundation, a life. There is great joy and satisfaction

the very ability which man has to foundation whereon if men build they in the realization of so embarking, as learn from the experiences of others cannot fall."(He. 5:12.) evidenced by the words of a missionary

sets him above the animal world. In this day when the adversary is in the mission field:

48 Improvement Era "... I have come to an understandportance to what is important, I am Romney, "Without a Worry in the

ing of the meaning of life—why I am happier than before. Christ promised World,"Era, January 1969, p. 75.)

here and where I want to go. that if we seek first his kingdom, all Many parents and youth of the

"It amazes me how little I knew other things will be added unto us. I Church are securing their lives against

about the gospel before. Sure, I had a know this is true. the forces of evil by following the

lot of facts down, but I just hadn't "At home when I didn't like somecounsel of the Savior.

caught the vision. I had heard people thing, I went away from it; here I No one, it would seem, would knowsay that the gospel was and is a mescan't. I have to face it, learn to get ingly follow a "calfpath"through life,

sage of happiness and good news, along in situations and with people yet carelessly they may do just that.

yet I didn't understand why. It is that are hard to get along with. How We must not be deceived. That eshere that I have begun to feel the joy great it is to find that you have contablished by the Savior is the only

that the gospel was established to quered something that you otherwise proven way; it is the only way that

give to man. would run away from! can stand the test of the eternities. May

"Here, material and worldly things "Every day is spent trying to be more we follow him into the joy of eternal have taken on a second importance; successful, doing things that are hard, life, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

and because I attach a greater imand growing from it."(Willard Mitt Amen.

Loyalty and Freedom

Elder Franklin D. Richards

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My dear brothers and sisters, I reence should be for our good. Loyalty to false freedom principles

joice to be with you today. I have been Today we hear much about the need can only bring delusion, a counterfeit

inspired and strengthened by the beauto "tell things as they are,"the need happiness, and eventual destruction.

tiful music and the messages of Presifor honesty and consistency in living, False freedom principles include such dent McKay and our other leaders. and the need for greater freedoms. things as the abuse of one's body by

We are living in a remarkable age, Someone has said, "There are two the use of drugs, liquor, and tobacco, the dispensation of the fulness of freedoms: the false freedom where as well as sexual immoralities. False

times, and I am grateful for the knowlone is free to do what he likes, and the freedom principles likewise include the edge that God lives and that Jesus is true freedom where one is free to do spread of communistic doctrine and the Christ, our Savior and Redeemer. what he ought to do."protest by force.

I also bear my witness to you that I think it is appropriate and timely In reality, true freedom can only the gospel of Jesus Christ has been to discuss some things as they are and exist in doing what is right, in being to consider the difas well asrestored in its fullness be, incan through the in doing what we ought loyalty toloyal—yes,do. ferencestrumentality and disloyalty between of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, and that there is a Prophet of as pertains to the true and false Let me be more specific and identify

God on the earth today, our beloved freedoms. some things we ought to do to enjoy

President David O. McKay. May the First, loyalty to true freedom princitrue freedom.

Lord bless and sustain him. ples or causes embraces love, dedicaWe should be loyal to ourselves,

Despite the fact that We are living tion, faith, allegiance, willingness to our family, friends, employers, our in a wonderful age, as has been stated, sacrifice, and many other qualities that God, church, and country.

we are living in a troubled world with contribute to achievement and hapInsofar as loyalty to oneself is conan abundance of problems. In reality, piness. cerned, the great poet Shakespeare gave

this is one of the great purposes of life, Disloyalty to true freedom principles some sage advice when he said, "This to meet challenges and obstacles and or causes embraces betrayal, unfaithabove all: to thine own self be true,

learn to overcome them. Meeting obfulness, disaffection, sedition, infidelity, And it must follow, as the night the

stacles and learning to overcome them and other qualities that contribute to day, Thou canst not then be false to give us experience, and each experifailure, destruction, and unhappiness. any man."(Hamlet, Act 1, Sc. 3.)

June 1969 49 One is true and loyal to himself: my sake; for whoso layeth down his

When he develops himself mentally, life for my sake shall find it again.

physically, and spiritually; "And whoso is not willing to lay

When he develops a proper standard down his life for my sake is not my by which all decisions are made and disciple."(D&C 103:2728.)

unswervingly follows the standard; An interesting experience is told of

When he keeps his selfrespect and Brother J. Golden Kimball in speaking

the respect of others by being noble to a meeting of Saints on the subject and consistent in his ideals, acts, words, of tithing. He said, "All of you who

and thoughts; would be willing to die for the gospel

When he combines faith with works please put up your hands."Nearly

in serving his God and his fellowmen. every hand in the congregation was

Loyalty to one's family and friends raised.

HELP! isindicateslikewiselovebasicand andaffection.paramount. It beenThenpayinghe said,an "Allhonestof youtithingwhopleasehave

This is when your insurance man President McKay has said that no raise your hands."It seems that only

has to go to work for you. To make other success can compensate for failure a few hands were raised.

sure he will, make sure now he's in the family. Brother Kimball turned to the bishop

an independent insurance agent. said, a provides "See, family and they rather Church die would The home

is His job first to serve you when gives the tithing."than their evening program, which fampay

you help need most. We're Tithing, indeily of course, to understand the opportunity is only an one of pendent Call agents. us time. any

principle of loyalty and how to make God's commandments that tests our it a part of their lives. loyalty. Loyalty is truly one of the

President McKay has promised that great eternal principles of the gospel as family home evenings are held, of Jesus Christ.

great blessings will result, in that Now with respect to being loyal to there will be love at home, and obediour country:

ence to parents will increase, and faith It is traditional that those elected or

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. will develop in the hearts of the youth. appointed to important governmental

General Agents, Salt Lake City Family loyalty means for each mempositions take an oath of allegiance.

ber to support and sustain every other Public servants must be loyal to the member. Loyalty in the family emoffice to which they are elected or apbraces love and appreciation and is pointed. Disloyalty results in distrust

evidenced by a willingness to sacrifice and can result in impeachment or for and serve one another. dismissal.

Loyalty to friends makes it possible We know that the Constitution of for them to rely on you and you on our country is a divinely established them, and what a wonderful sense of document, and in the words of security this brings. modernday scripture we recognize that

In one's business relations, loyalty to it "should be maintained for the rights an employer is most vital. Loyalty and protection of all flesh, according

here means to be faithful and trustto just and holy principles."(D&C

worthy and to give the best of your 101:77.)

ability, recognizing that your emThe position of the Church in this ployer's success is reflected in your matter is clearly stated in the twelfth welfare. Loyalty produces power and Article of Faith: "We believe in being

effectiveness. An ounce of loyalty is subject to kings, presidents, rulers,

worth a pound of cleverness. and magistrates, in obeying, honoring,

What does loyalty to God and and sustaining the law."

church imply? Now in considering things as they

Simply stated, it would seem to be are, in considering the need of hondoing God's will without reservations. esty and consistency in living, and in

Our Lord and Savior set the pattern considering the need for greater freeof loyalty in Gethsemane when in his doms, never let us forget that we must

Prices prayer to the Father he said, "Father, choose where we place our loyalties.

are LOW all things are possible unto thee; take As Joshua of old declared, "...

this this cup from choose away me: nevertheless will ye day you whom in Idaho

I will, serve;.. as for not thou wilt.". but what but what house, me and my

(Mark 14:36.) we will serve the Lord."(Josh. 24:15.)

Scores of styles, thermographed or DuraJudas set the pattern of disloyalty as There are many today who have accessories. the graved,all Buy direct his Christ. Master, he betrayed the to serve chosen are givthe Lord and He

leading save West's manufacturfrom and remorseful, but lives, became yes, under madly their for even ing much, invitations. er of mailorder wedding Rush

of influence the Satan, principles true he hanged himthat bring freedom us received! orders shipped same day

self, final disloyalty. his of the chapter real happiness, growth, developand

The great dedication of the Prophet ment. On the other hand, there are

Joseph Smith and other mighty men others who are loyal to false freedom of modern Israel illustrates the meanprinciples that would, if they prevailed,

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail ing of loyalty to God and to church. destroy us as individuals and as a

desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 And the Lord has told us: "Let no country.

man be afraid to lay down his life for Always remember that what we do,

NameAddress.

City, State, Zip.

50 Improvement Era far more than what we say, shows eventually become a way of life for ment one definitely commits himself, where our loyalties are. you. then Providence moves too. I know this

My counsel to you is to live for Be loyal to yourself, your family, is true.

true freedom, choose the right, do your God and church, your country, Let us all, as in the words of our what you ought to do, and make friends, and employers. This will glorious hymn, commit ourselves to be

the choice that Joshua did—to serve assure you true freedom and inde- "True to the faith that our parents

the Lord. pendence and result in peace, great have cherished, True to the truth for

Never give your loyalty to a cause achievement, happiness, and eventually which martyrs have perished, To God's that will bring you a false freedom of eternal life. It has been said by W. H. command, Soul, heart, and hand,

delusion, counterfeit happiness, failure, Murray that until one is committed, Faithful and true we will ever stand."

and eventual destruction. Your loyalties there is hesitancy, the chance to draw (Hymns, No. 157.)

set the pattern for your life and back, always ineffectiveness. The moIn the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Growing Problem of DrugAbuse

President Loren C. Dunn

Of the First Council of the Seventy

By invitation I recently attended a it frightens them to think that possibly given material gifts by their parents, conference on drug abuse that was as many as 50 per cent of their fellow but these gifts seemed to be in place called by a group of concerned citizens. high school students might at least of love instead of an expression of love.

Speaking at this gathering were extry marijuana at some time with a If there are love and unity at home, perts in this field from throughout the smaller number continuing on to other and if children feel comfort there, they

United States. Their messages were drugs. will know what to do when this probin accordance with that which has These are students who evidently lem presents itself. But if there are

been echoed by almost every group income from all backgrounds and ecobitterness and disharmony and misvestigating this problem, and that is: nomic levels of life. trust, then it is possible that they will

Drug abuse is on the increase, espeShould these young people be corseek escape through any form of vice cially among our youth. rect in their estimates, we would have available.

Despite the valiant efforts of law to face the realization that each of our President McKay has the following enforcement, the availability of drugs children sometime is going to be faced to say about the importance of examis increasing. In fact, according to with the temptation of drug use. ple in our homes:

youthful offenders, drugs are readily The reason most youthful offenders "I believe that parents generally are available through what they term as start on drugs gives us some idea as teaching their children the gospel, yet "the underground"in most of our high to what we might do to prevent this I am convinced that there is still much schools. disastrous situation. When one group opportunity for improvement in this

It is evident that this is a fastwas asked why they started, they said regard. I am not thinking of the set

growing problem within the United without exception, "We were alienated hours in which you sit down to teach

States and Canada, and it is also havfrom our parents."these doctrines to your children, but

ing its effect on many countries Somehow, in the home the love, conof the example fathers and mothers throughout the world. fidence, and selfassurance that should give to their children regarding the

There is a great need for us as have been conveyed from parents to faith that is dear to your hearts. Your

Church members to support efforts in children was not conveyed. Parents example will teach these principles

our communities to strengthen law enfailed to understand the children, and more effectively than what you say.

forcement and encourage other prothe children failed to understand the Out of our homes come the future grams designed to deal with the drug parents; and in frustration and alienaleaders of the government. If our homes

abuse problem. tion the children sought escape by were all they should be, the nation

In listening to a group of youthful turning to drugs. would be safe."(Gospel Ideals, p.

former drug users, they stated that These youthful offenders had been 482.)

June 1969 51 Southern Utah Mountain Estates

I believe that the example of which

President McKay speaks is most important.

It's a simple step for a young person to go from faith and love and confidence in an earthly father to faith and love and confidence in our Heavenly

Father, and what better heritage can we give him than the ability to communicate with God.

read: From Alma we Panguitch & Navajo Lake Area with the "Counsel Lord in all thy

Surrounded by 4 worldfamous good;doings, yea,andwhenhe willthou directliest downthee forat

night lie down unto the Lord, that national parks heandmaywhenwatchthouoverrfsestyouin intheyourmorningsleep;

Airports full thy available heart of be thanks unto '1 let acre a mont (TOE God; things, if ye and these do ye 1 Fishing estates small aer

shall lifted the at be last day."up J)/j** Boating down payment $1995. h\/from (Al. 37:37.)

Hunting On another occasion President McVacation Kay said:

Wonderland MAIL COUPON TODAY "Children deserve to be taught intelColor Country SOUTHERN UTAH MOUNTAIN ESTATES ligent obedience. Unhappiness in the

Skiing 732 l\l. Main, Box 814 Cedar City, Utah 84720 child's life, as in the adult life, springs

Horseback riding withoutPlease sendobligationadditional information, maps, pictures, largely from nonconformity to natural is laws. and social the best The home Name

Southern Utah to place in develop obedience, which Address

Estates Mountain society City nature will later State. Zip which and

N. Main, 732 Box 814

Phone I demand. getting not do... mean City, Cedar Utah 84720

control by cruelty, nor by foolish threats, but merely by letting the child know that he is part of a community in

rights their have and each child must Excellent for MISSIONARIES!TEACHERS! the home; and that the other children

respect rights. those DRAMATIZED - VIVID COLOR* "There is the beginning of democTHE FIRST VISION 'CHRIST Ideals,racy, andp. 488.)it is in the home."(Gospel

&"THE APOSTASY'IN And again the Prophet has said:

AMERICA'"Homes are made permanent through love. Oh, then, let love abound. If

proven films Designed 2 thrilling effective highly in mission of Mormonto inplacethe Bookshands you feel that you have not the love fields, moving audiences to of many nonmembers, of those little boys and girls, study to understanding emoand this urge and of viewers it. get neglect Though you the some of the of tional conviction to motivating film an imcattle, fail latter though in gospel restored you to produce of samediate the good study

days. cred volume. crops, ever study to hold your children's

2 soundfilmstrips sound -filmstrip love."(Gospel Ideals, p. 484.)

responsibility of The communication $10.50 $6.50 BOTH FOR: ONLY: NOW is not alone shoulders on the of paror (record tape ) /jcordorjage

ents. also youth a responsihave The Garfield Avenue

bility to contribute FILM love oney order to: DESERET strength and PRODUCTIONS, INC.lSVgc'iffut:"SJS2231

to the family organization.

KLUB/KWIC(FM) FULLTIME STEREO KLUB/KWIC(FM) I recall a stage play that recently was made into a movie. It dealt with

parents whose only child, a son, returned from military service. The

Mountain America's Choicest Music father and son had never been close.O It was a situation in which both

father loved and son each other but 3 to to find were unable express ways KWIC97 FM STEREO KIXJB 57 AM themselves, therefore hostilities and arose because each thought the other u. Farnsworth from high atop not like him. It was a breakdown did Peak... \\rr NOW. vA{/ of communication. Magnificient Medleys on KWIC(FM) KLUB's.. >j

the son the was But now from Stereo! home A X3> army, things different. and location! were mountaintop The NewUJazo father son to establish and coverage intermountain began a Expanded

Maximum authorized power! /- - \ whole new relationship. The high

Tune in... 97 on your FM dial! 'Be KWIC about it!

KLUB/KWIC(FM) MAGNIFICENT MEDLEYS KLUB/KWIC(FM) point of the play came when the boy the pentup love and appreciation of that it is not our material heritage that said to his father something like this: years came flooding out. This probably can meet and defeat this problem of

"Dad, I always resented you when I would never have happened had the drug abuse, but our spiritual heritage as was younger because you never told son not realized that he was as guilty expressed in the sanctity of the home me that you loved me, but then I of lack of expression as his parents. and the strength of the family. May our

realized that I had never told you that So young people can make a differhomes be havens of spiritual strength

I loved you either. Well, Dad, I'm tellence. They can contribute to the love and may we constantly bear witness to

ing you now: I love you."in their own home by expressing their our children in word and deed of those

For one electrifying moment the love for parents and in supporting the truths that make a difference.

father and son embraced each other as family. May the Lord bless us to know In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Commitment to Christ

Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

I have two commitments today that brate with all Christians everywhere, than any pleasure of this sinful life.

I should like to fulfill. One I under- a day signal and significant, a day They are despised and persecuted, but

took upon reading a letter yesterday pivotal in the whole history of manthey care not. They have overcome the

from one of our choice chaplains servkind. world. These people, Donatus, are the

ing a second tour of duty in Vietnam, Perhaps I can do that best by readChristians and I am one of them."

once again moving among those ing a few words that came to my mind And then in a magazine some years engaged in the most serious of the as I stood not long ago in the cataago I read and was deeply moved by anfighting. His letter asks, "Will you ask combs outside Rome on the Appian other account. It had come freshly to

the brethren specifically to mention Way, where multitudes of Christians view after centuries of being hidden.

the wives and the children of the gave their, lives rather than relinquish On May 13, 303 a.d., in the Algerian

servicemen over here from time to time. their convictions or their faith. This city of Cirta (now Constantine), one

They have it harder than we do."is one of the things I remembered and Munatus Felix, high priest of the em-

I pledge, and ask you to join me, was pleased to look up and read again peror, personally led a raid on a that I will remember and seek to put on my return. It is a letter written by Christian worship service. He took with

actively into effect my interest in the Cyprian, a martyr in the third cenhim a stenographer, whose report, wives and children and parents of those tury, to his friend Donatus. He wrote taken in shorthand, sounds disconcertwho are far away, giving what has to from Carthage: ingly familiar to modern ears.

be given to preserve the high ideals of "This seems a cheerful world, Dona- "Bring out whatever scriptures you this land, and thus to express to all tus, when I view it from this fair have got,"commanded Felix, after his mankind their own concern for the garden under the shadow of these vines. men had collected all the evidence

wellbeing of those who are not able But if I climbed some great mountain they could find. A subdeacon brought

to take care of themselves. and looked out over the wide lands, only one large book, explaining that

The second commitment I carry out you know very well what I would see the lectors kept the rest. Felix said to

for a young Scotsman who a few days brigands on the high roads, pirates on them: "Identify the lectors."They said:

ago in Britain at a meeting of students the seas, in the amphitheaters men "We are not informers. Here we stand.

expressed his love for President McKay, murdered to please applauding crowds; Command us to be executed."Felix

and then said, "President McKay, will under all roofs misery and selfishness. said, "Put them under arrest."

you nae come back again?"It is really a bad world, yet in the And the editorialist noted, "No one

If the Lord will bless me in these midst of it I have found a quiet and knows how many thousands were few moments I would like to talk about holy people. They have discovered a rounded up in such raids and executed.

the meaning of this day that we celejoy which is a thousand times better They could easily have saved their skins

June 1969 53 by staying home and saying their He was the Firstborn in the spirit. of his disciples.

prayers in comfortable privacy. But "... I was in the beginning with the He suffered both body and spirit.

they insisted on the right to come toFather, and am the Firstborn."(D&C "For behold, I, God, have suffered

gether [in the name of Christ]."93:21.) these things for all, that they might

Easter is a time when those who beHis mission was prophesied long benot suffer if they would repent."(D&C

lieve in and accept his name gratefully fore he was born into the world. 19:16.)

worship the risen Redeemer. Men of "... Behold, a virgin shall conceive, He died willingly, alone, for this

goodwill everywhere join in the solemn and bear a son, and shall call his name was how it must be. There had to be

celebration. What was so important Immanuel."(Isa. 7:14.) a propitiation, by one of his unique

about him? He was the Only Begotten in the qualifications, for the sins of men

Why the total commitment of Cyprian flesh, on this earth the only one beour sins—payment for which, through

and the saints at Cirta? In these few gotten of a divine Father and an earthly the love of God and the love of his

brief moments, in outline form, let me mother. Son, was made on Calvary's hill.

offer an answer.;r an answer. "... I beheld his glory, as the glory "Thinkest thou that I cannot now

His was a redemptive story. of the Only Begotten of the Father...."pray to my Father, and he shall pres-

"For God so loved the world, that he (D&C 93:11.) ently give me more than twelve legions

gave his only begotten Son, that whoHe was alone without blemish, and of angels?

soever believeth in him should not peryet he learned. "But how then shall the scriptures

ish, but have everlasting life."(John "Though he were a Son, yet learned be fulfilled, that thus it must be?"

3:16.) he obedience by the things which he (Matt. 26:5354.)

He was a God, a member of the suffered."(Heb. 5:8.) "My God, my God, why hast thou

godly council, the Son delegated by his He was tempted, but would not forsaken me?"(Matt. 27:46.)

Father for a holy mission. He was a yield. It isn't so hard for us to identify, I bear testimony and thank God for

God who came to earth and walked is it, with one who was tempted, even this Good Friday, tragic as are the among men and suffered more than as we are tempted? events which it commemorates, and for

any man could suffer, because this was "For in that he himself hath suffered what it means to me and to all men, his mission, and in him was the love being tempted, he is able to succour for what it lays before men of a future, which made it possible for him to do them that are tempted."(Heb. 2:18.) for this day had to happen in order

what he had to do. After Christ had fasted for 40 days that Easter and its glorious events

He was a creator, indeed the creator and nights, he was invited to use his could come to pass.

of this world, under the direction of marvelous powers to serve himself, to The pure in heart shall see God.

his Father. satisfy himself, to save his own life, to'Those who become the manner of man

"And there stood one among them turn stones into bread, and he would he was, who walk in the Spirit, will that was like unto God, and he said not. see him, and will be his.

unto those who were with him: We The tempter said to him, in effect, I pray God to bless us, that all the

will go down, for there is space there, "Win the plaudits of the crowd; it good and wholesome and sweet feeland we will take of these materials, will be easy for you. Please them, gain ings of the Christian world at this

and we will make an earth whereon their acceptance. Cast yourself down. sacred season may motivate us and all

these may dwell."(Abr. 3:24.) Then they will listen to your important who worship his name and seek to do

"For by him were all things created, message."But he would not. his will to the kind of commitment

that are in heaven, and that are in He was offered power and glory in spoken by Cyprian, to the kind of earth."(Col. 1:16.) exchange for his soul, and he would courage and devotion known by those

"God... Hath in these last days not. who died in the catacombs so long

spoken unto us by his Son, whom he We have similar temptations in our ago—they who loved him well and

hath appointed heir of all things, by own time, and so we can identify. paid whatever price was necessary to

whom also he made the worlds."(Heb. He was the servant of all. One of his demonstrate that.

1:1-2.) last earthly acts was to wash the feet In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Fly a Rocket Creed By H. Joan Owen

There is neve?- time enough Malnourished souls; but in pursuit

to fill life's daily need; of temporal goals, concede

! Before Details eat the hours up Eternity. But come

with supersonic speed; propulsion wanes, proceed

Mortality's inconstant clock To higher spheres; reprogram thought

consumes with glutton greed. to fly a rocket creed

As satellites ive orbit earth, And soar from final countdown, driving and neither hear nor heed freedom's stellar steed,

Our inner warning radar beams, Before our upward thrust is gone, nor take the time to feed and guilt usurps the deed.

54 Improvement Era Friday afternoon session, April 4, 1969

The Certainty of the Resurrection

Elder Spencer W. Kimball

Of the Council of the Twelve

My beloved brothers and sisters and the two angels in shining garments these greatly concerned and loved men, friends, I hope that all of you were as who spoke to Mary, saying, "Why seek "... ye shall be witnesses unto me

uplifted as I was this morning by the ye the living among the dead? both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea,

inspired messages of our Prophet and "He is not here, but is risen...."and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost

the other brethren. The Lord had predicted: "... The part of the earth."(Acts 1:8.)

This is Easter time, when the minds Son of Man must be delivered into the As we sat at the trunk of an ancient of many people are centered upon the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, olive tree there and read these scripLord Jesus Christ, and may we speak and the third day rise again."(Luke tures, we could easily imagine the Lord

again of his glorious resurrection. I join 24:5-7.) standing near this spot in the group of

my testimony with that of these fine We remembered the dialogue beworried, loving, wondering men; and

singers in the theme "I know that my tween Mary, the angels, and the Lord: then the fog rolled in, the cloud settled

Redeemer lives.""... Woman, why weepest thou? down over the top of the hill, and he

One Christmas time some years ago, She saith unto them, Because they have was gone. Then we could almost hear

we walked the paths that Jesus walked. taken away my Lord, and I know not the angels in white apparel saying:

We spent some precious hours in what where they have laid him.""... Ye men of Galilee, why stand

is said to be the Garden of Gethsemane She turned and "saw Jesus standye gazing up into heaven? this same

and tried to imagine the sufferings ing, and knew not that it was Jesus. Jesus, which is taken up from you into

through which he moved in anticipa- "Jesus saith unto her, Woman, heaven, shall so come in like manner tion of his crucifixion and resurrection. why weepest thou? whom seekest thou? as ye have seen him go into heaven."

We were near the places where he She, supposing him to be the gardener, (Acts 1:11.)

prayed, where he was taken prisoner, saith unto him, Sir, if thou have borne And now we consulted Paul's writwhere he was tried and condemned. him hence, tell me where thou hast ings to the Ephesians:

Outside the city walls, we climbed laid him, and I will take him away. "Wherefore he saith, When he

the caliche hill, pockmarked with little "Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She ascended up on high, he led captivity

caves, making the rounded end look turned herself, and saith unto him, captive....

like a skull, and we were told that this Rabboni; which is to say, Master. "He that descended is the same also

was Golgotha, the place where he was "Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not; that ascended up far above all heavens,

crucified. We zigzagged down the backfor I am not yet ascended to my Father: that he might fill all things."(Eph.

side of the hill around to the sheer but go to my brethren, and say unto 4:8, 10.)

cliffside of it and entered the small them, I ascend unto my Father, and Sometimes our celebrations of notable windowsize aperture into a roughyour Father; and to my God, and your occurrences seem to take on earthly

hewn cave in which it is said the body God."(John 20:1317.) color, and we do not fully realize the

had lain. We then walked laboriously up the significance of the reason for the celeSome hours we spent in the little rather steep Mount of Olives, possibly bration. This is true of Easter,

garden outside this tomb and absorbed the approximate path he walked, a when too often we celebrate the holithe gospel story of his burial and of prelude to his ascension after having day rather than the deep significance his resurrection, which here had taken spent 40 days after resurrection on the of the resurrection of the Lord. They

place. We read thoughtfully and earth and having, by many infallible must be unhappy indeed who ignore

prayerfully of the coming of the women proofs, brought sureness to the hunthe godship of Christ, the sonship of to the sepulchre, the angel of the Lord dreds of people who had come now the Master. We feel sorry indeed for

rolling away the stone, and the disto realize his resurrection was real. those who call the supreme miracle of

comfiture of the recreant keepers. And now he was on the top of the the resurrection "but a subjective exWe could almost imagine we saw Mount of Olives and was saying to perience of the disciples rather than an

June 1969 55 actual historical event."claimed the resurrected Lord, the and stone they did not know the real

We know truly that all this is real. Prince of Peace, the Holy One and the "God that made the world and all

Christ spoke of himself to Nicodemus: Just, the Prince of Life, the Prince and things therein, seeing that he is Lord

"... We speak that we do know, Savior. Peter certainly now was sure, of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in

and testify that we have seen; and ye impregnable, never to falter. We should temples made with hands;

receive not our witness."(John 3:11.) gain much sureness by his certainty. "... seeing he giveth to all life,

And then we remember that Peter It is significant to read the words and breath, and all things;

testified: and the testimony of Stephen, a holy "... and hath determined the times

"Therefore let all the house of Israel martyr, who gave his life for his faith. before appointed, and the bounds of

know assuredly, that God hath made Stephen "looked up steadfastly into their habitation....

that same Jesus, whom ye have cruciheaven, and saw the glory of God, and "... he hath given assurance unto

fied, both Lord and Christ."(Acts Jesus standing on the right hand of all men, in that he hath raised him'

2:36.) God, from the dead."(Acts 17:2426, 31.)

"But ye denied the Holy One and "And said, Behold, I see the heavPaul told again of his own converthe Just.... ens opened, and the Son of man sion and bore his testimony and said

"And killed the Prince of life, whom standing on the right hand of God."he heard the voice of Christ saying,

God hath raised from the dead; where- (Acts 7:5556.) "I am Jesus of Nazareth,"and he

of we are witnesses."(Acts 3:1415.) Stephen was a martyr and will inwas promised by Ananias: "For thou

Boldly, Peter and John stood before herit eternal life. His testimony reveals shalt be his witness unto all men of

the council and said again: that Christ was not dead, but was still what thou hast seen and heard."(Acts

"Be it known unto you all, and to all living, and was in an exalted, glorified 22:8, 15.)

the people of Israel, that by the name condition with his Father. And then came his pertinent quesof Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye The testimony of Paul seems most tion to King Agrippa: "Why should

crucified, whom God raised from the conclusive. He heard the voice of the it be thought a thing incredible with

dead, even by him doth this man [the risen Christ: you, that God should raise the dead?"

former lame man] stand here before "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou (Acts 26:8.)

you whole.... me?"And to be sure of identity, And again Paul bore witness:

"Neither is there salvation in any Saul said, "Who art thou, Lord?"and "Am I not an apostle? am I not

other: for there is none other name received the assurance, "I am Jesus free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our

under heaven given among men, whom thou persecutest: it is hard for Lord? are not ye my work in the Lord?

whereby we must be saved."(Acts thee to kick against the pricks."(Acts "... for the seal of mine apostle-

4:10, 12.) 9:4-5.) ship are ye in the Lord."(1 Cor. 9:1-2.)

When the council chastised the two And now that same Paul, who had The risen Lord "was seen of above apostles and commanded them not to recovered his strength, who had been five hundred brethren at once....

speak or teach such things in the name administered to by the priesthood, who "After that, he was seen of James;

of Jesus, they answered and said: had received his lost eyesight, went then of all the apostles.

"Whether it be right in the sight of about in the synagogues confounding "And last of all he was seen of me

God to hearken unto you more than the Jews in Damascus, proving "that also, as of one born out of due time."

unto God, judge ye. this is very Christ."(Acts 9:22.) (1 Cor. 15:6-8.)

"For we cannot but speak the things And later, Paul came to the apostles Then Paul launches into the beautiwhich we have seen and heard."(Acts in Jerusalem, and Barnabas, speaking ful treatise on the resurrection of the

4:1920.) for Paul, "declared unto them how he dead, as he spoke to the Corinthians.

"And with great power gave the had seen the Lord in the way, and that I have a great admiration and affecapostles witness of the resurrection of he had spoken to him, and how he had tion for our brother Paul, our fellow the Lord Jesus: and great grace was preached boldly at Damascus in the apostle. He was so dedicated, so humupon them all."(Acts 4:33.) name of Jesus."(Acts 9:27.) ble, so straightforward. He was so

Wc also know the resurrection is Then Paul continues: eager, so interested, so consecrated. He

real. The living Peter said to the "And when they had fulfilled all must have been personable in spite of

council of persecutors: that was written of him, they took his problems, for the people hung onto

"The God of our fathers raised up him down from the tree, and laid him him with great affection when he was

Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on the in a sepulchre. about to leave them.

tree.... "But God raised him from the dead: I love Paul, for he spoke the truth.

"And we are his witnesses of these "And he was seen many days of them He leveled with people. He was interthings; and so is also the Holy Ghost, which came up with him from Galilee ested in them. I love Paul for his

whom God hath given to them that to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses steadfastness, even unto death and obey him."(Acts 5:30, 32.) unto the people.... martyrdom. I am always fascinated

We stand in awe before the great "God hath fulfilled the same unto with his recounting of the perils

Peter, who had so completely received us their children, in that he hath through which he passed to teach the his total assurances and who had so raised up Jesus again.... gospel to member and nonmember.

graciously donned the robe of leader- "And as concerning that he raised Perhaps one of the last of Peter's ship and the mantle of authority and him up from the dead, now no more to testimonies was borne to all the people, the courage of the inspired and assured. return to corruption...."(Acts 13:29both those who had been converted to

What strength he had come to have as 31, 3334.) the gospel and those who would in the

he led the saints and faced the world Paul's testimony on Mars hill in future be influenced by his statement, with all its persecutors, unbelievers, Athens was a significant one. The throughout all time a memorial to be

and difficulties. And, as he rehearsed Greeks accepted any and all gods that remembered.

over and over his absolute knowledge, were proposed. They had inscribed As this great prophet faced his death

we glory in his stamina as he faced one altar "To the Unknown God,"and knew that it would not be long mobs and prelates, officials who could and Paul used this text to tell them until he would discard this body tabertake his life, and as he boldly prothat with all their gods of wood nacle and pass into the other world,

56 Improvement Era It folds easily, nests compactly, I f &SSE L with no metalto-metal contact.

Um It has a tubular steel frame. 1 i n

Qm It has the lowest possible maintenance.

%u It is lightweight but strong.

Da It has X-frame construction with double cross bracing.

0- It has a baked enamel finish.

I It has a polypropylene j) injection molded seat and back.

O- It resists scratching and cleans easily.

%) It is contour designed for maximum comfort

lUi It has a reinforced seat.

Hi It supports 500 H pounds. I 14 1 Ilmu It will not

tip in normal use.

Now give us one good reason for not buying Samsonite's #2200 folding chair...

a completely new concept in portable seating!

Contact Church Furnishings Purchasing r——————————————————-—————-—*-—

Institutional Div., Dept. IE69, Samsonite Corporation, Denver, Colo. 80217 Street,Office, North Main 125 the purchase Gentlemen: We are considering Furnitureof—. City, for Utah, special pricingSalt QUANTITY Lake

on all Samsonite merchandise..chairs. They will be used as follows:.

TYPE Please rush Name of Nearest Distributor Descriptive LiteratureSamsonite#2200 Your Name

FoldingChairs YourYour OrganizationAddress or Company.

Samsonite Institutional Furniture Division City.State..Zip code.

Dept. IE69, Denver, Colo. 80217

June 1969 57 SO CAREFREE...

he determined to write his testimony message so that coming generations might all have his witness. It has

been read and heard by countless millions. He said:

"For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our

Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty.

"For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.

"And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount."(2 Pet.

1:1618.)We are lifted by the witness of the

modern prophet, Joseph Smith, when he reassures the people of the resurOther rection. Elder George A. Smith quotes

the last public address of Joseph Smith in June 1844, only days before his cruel assassination:

"... I am ready to be offered a sacrifice for this people; for what can Things our enemies do? Only kill the body

and their power is then at an end.

Stand firm my friends. Never flinch.

Do not seek to save your lives, for he that is afraid to die for the truth will lose eternal life. Hold out to the end;

and we shall be resurrected and become Are like Gods, and reign in celestial kingdoms, principalities and eternal dominions...."

The sureness of the divine resur- * rection is believed by numerous people in the Christian world. Victor Hugo

wrote: "I feel in myself the future life. The

nearer I approach the end, the plainer

I hear around me the immortal sym- M* invite of worlds the which me. Electric

to the grave say I can go down room air conditioners WhenphoniesI cost about half as much as they did 10 years ago. like many others: 'I have finished my

day's work.'But I cannot say, 'I have

Buy now while there's still a good selection. finished my life.'My day's work will

begin in the next morning. The tomb

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. isfare.not aIt blindcloses alley,on theit is twilight.a thoroughIt

opens on the dawn."

And some unknown writer has expressed in verse this natural feeling of UTAH REAL ESTATE for longing and unexplainable immorWouldn't you like to own a few acres in Zion? We have 26 land specialists to tality.

serve you. We serve all communities in Southern Utah.

Total real estate service by professionals. "Elsefond whendesire,this pleasing hope, this

We Specialize In This longing for immortality,

Land Sales Title Insurance Abstracts Or whence this secret dread, and inEngineering Homes Lots Counseling ward horror

Development Escrows Appraisals Of falling into naught? Why shrinks

Management Research Ranches the soul

Back on herself, and startles at deDale Clarkson, D Land Title, NAME struction?

E. Center, 40 Kanab, Utah 84741 STREET stirs 'Tis divinity the that us; within

information: Please send free

itself, 'Tis points that heaven out an CITY STATE. ZIP.

I am interested in fend TitleD

58 Improvement Era hereafter repeat with beloved Job: great, stand before God; and the books

And intimates eternity to man.""For I know that my redeemer liveth, were opened: and another book was

and that he shall stand at the latter day opened, which is the book of life: and

The question asked by Job has been upon the earth: the dead were judged out of those things

asked by millions who have stood at "And though after my skin worms which were written in the books, acthe open bier of a loved one: "If a destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall cording to their works.

man die, shall he live again?"(Job I see God: "And the sea gave up the dead which

14:14.) "Whom I shall see for myself, and were in it; and death and hell deAnd the question has been answered mine eyes shall behold...."(Job livered up the dead which were in

acceptably to numerous of them as a 19:2527.) them: and they were judged every man

great, sweet peace, settles down upon Job had expressed the wish that his according to their works."(Rev. 20:12them like the dews of heaven. And testimony could be printed in books 13.)

innumerable times hearts that were and cut into stone for the generations And as the living, verdant spring weary in agonizing suffering have felt following him to read. His wish was follows the dismal, deathlike winter,

the kiss of that peace which knows not granted, for peace has come into many all nature proclaims the divinity of understanding. souls as they have read his strong the risen Lord, that he was Creator,

And when a deep tranquility of soul testimony. that he is the Savior of the world, that

has brought a new warm assurance to And in conclusion, let me read the he is the very Son of God.

minds that were troubled and hearts vision of John the Revelator: And this I testify, also, in the name

that were torn, those numerous could "And I saw the dead, small and of Jesus Christ. Amen.

n& rxjunciciTiori ot iru& worsnip

Elder Alma Sonne

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Someone has said, "The character without reservation the leadership of mitted a plan 6f life, and chose 12 of Jesus is a picture that stands by Jesus Christ. Many things have been apostles and authorized them to preach

itself."There is no one with whom said and written about him. His his gospel of salvation and to establish

he can be compared. He said and did memory is everywhere, and his words his Church upon the earth. He dethe right thing at the right time and are quoted by believers and unbelievers. livered the greatest sermon ever

in the right way. He made no misHe cannot and will not be expelled preached, broad and comprehensive

takes in his teachings. He was great from the earth. He made this clear enough to reach the heart of humanity.

in action and in moral excellence. His during his ministry among the Jews It applies to all classes, for "God is no

Sermon on the Mount will live forin the meridian of time. respecter of persons."(Acts 10:34.) No

ever, for it is founded on truth. His The Latterday Saints believe in the one will escape his loving watchcare.

message to the world is the gospel of divine mission of the Savior. The very His commandments are guideposts.

salvation. first principle of the restored gospel is They are solemn reminders of our relaHis life had been an open book, his faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. It is tionships to our Heavenly Father. We

public ministry was to the rich and the foundation of true worship. Withare his children, his offspring, and are

the poor, his miracles were performed out him there could be no gospel of accountable to him. He said to Abrabefore eyewitnesses, and his testimony salvation. He is its author. His gospel ham: "And we will prove them herehad been heard throughout Galilee and is the same yesterday, today, and forwith, to see if they will do all things

Judea. He was the Messiah about ever. It originated in the heavens and whatsoever the Lord their God shall

whom the prophets had spoken, but was restored to the earth in these command them."(Abr. 3:25.)

he was rejected by his own. He is still modern times through Joseph Smith, We believe in individual salvation.

rejected, even by many of those who the Prophet. In other words, man must strive for a

claim to be his followers. At this Easter time we remind ourplace in the hereafter if he wishes to

The true Christian Church accepts selves of his resurrection; that he subobtain the salvation promised to the

June 1969 59 faithful. It will not come without weather the worst, tions, baptizing them in the name of

effort, without prayerful searching and Eternal, unchanged, evermore."the Father, and of the Son, and of the

diligent application of those principles (Hymns, No. 143.) Holy Ghost:

and procedures outlined in the holy "Teaching them to observe all things scriptures. The gospel of Jesus Christ, restored whatsoever I have commanded you:

The other day I talked with a man to earth through the Prophet Joseph and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto who was not of us. He was glib and Smith, is a gospel of truth. It has the end of the world."(Matt. 28:18talkative in his ridicule of the Word survived much opposition and criticism, 20.)

of Wisdom. "A curtailment,"he said, but no compromises have been necesOr, as Mark puts it: "Go ye into all

"of our personal liberties."He justisary. It stands like a bulwark against the world, and preach the gospel to

fied, for instance, the use of tobacco. error and falsehood. Jesus knew this every creature."(Mark 16:15.)

"Do you know what the Word of Wiswhen he told Peter that the "gates of Nothing short of the gospel of Jesus dom says about tobacco?"I asked. He hell shall not prevail against it."(Matt. Christ can redeem mankind. The Lord

was not sure. I quoted from the eighth 16:18.) Also, he said: "Heaven and Jesus set before us the only pattern of

verse of Section 89 of the Doctrine and earth shall pass away: but my words life which will save and exalt his

Covenants in which it states that "toshall not pass away."(Mark 13:31.) children. His words are always timely

bacco... is not good for man."The millennial reign will be ushered and authoritative. The truths he

This is but one of the truths taught in when God's program has reached a taught and all he did constitute the by the Church. We teach a gospel of certain point, known to him alone. gospel in its fullness.

truth. Its very foundation is truth. It There is much to do, brothers and The atonement wrought out by the

is not only necessary to know the truth. sisters. The warnings to the nations Lord on Calvary is the greatest contriIt must also be accepted and introduced must continue to go forth, for evenbution ever made to the human race.

into the lives of those who aspire to tually every knee shall bow and every It opened the door to life everlasting. It

eternal life. To deny the truth, theretongue confess that Jesus is the Christ. gave men and women the chance to

fore, is to deny God's power in the God's work will not fail. Truth will possess their bodies forever. John, in his

universe. triumph even against tremendous odds. testimony to the world, made it clear

We often sing the wellknown hymn Christ's teachings are sound and when he said: "... all that are in their

authored by John Jaques, "O! Say, soul inspiring; they were confined to graves shall hear his voice,

What Is Truth?"no worldly ambitions. His program "And shall come forth; they that

makes for peace and good will, and he have done good, unto the resurrection "Then say, what is truth? 'Tis the last advocated a faith that creates courage of life; and they that have done evil,

and the first, and strength. His missionary enterunto the resurrection of damnation."

For the limits of time it steps o'er. prise was the greatest project ever (John 5:2829.)

Though the heavens depart and the launched. I'quote: "All power is given May we walk in the light with him

earth's fountains burst, unto me in heaven and in earth. I pray humbly in the name of Jesus

Truth, the sum of existence, will "Go ye therefore, and teach all naChrist. Amen.

I I CI If I If

Bishop Victor L. Brown

Of the Presiding Bishopric

A letter came to my desk yesterday I pray that my message may be remother who had recently been widowed addressed to me from some wonderlated to the young people as well as through an automobile accident. This

ful teenagers. I would like to read just the older people. was the second time she had been

one line from that letter: '"We wish The other day I received a telephone widowed, even though she was still a

you the best of luck with your talk in call from one of our bishops. He said young woman. She had been injured

conference, and hope that you will his clerk had opened a donation envein the accident that took her husband's relate your address to us as young lope containing a check of many hunlife, and had not yet completely recovpeople in some way."dreds of dollars. It was from a young ered her health. She had a family of

60 Improvement Era young children. The check represented shall be a standing law unto them time. He promised the Lord he would

a tithe on the insurance settlement she forever, for my holy priesthood, saith pay his obligations to him for the had received from her husband's death. the Lord."(D&C 119:4.) rest of his life if only his life were

The clerk questioned the bishop, sugMany ask what is one tenth of all spared. Upon release from the prison

gesting she needed the money more our interest. Perhaps President Joseph camp, he collected his accumulated

than the Church, and asked if it would F. Smith can help us understand. He military pay, reported to his bishop,

be proper to return the check to permit said, among other things, as he deand paid tithing on all prior earnings.

her to use the money for her own needs. livered his concluding address in the He then said, "I have paid ten percent

Perhaps many would ask the same closing session of general conference on everything I have earned since, and question. May I suggest an answer by April 9, 1899, in speaking of Abraham's I pay ten percent of that for fear I

asking another question: What did willingness to sacrifice his son Isaac might have missed something."

this young mother need more than on the altar: A few years ago I was a counselor

money? She needed a blessing, the "He [meaning the Lord] wanted to in a stake presidency. The stake presikind money cannot buy, a blessing of put His servant to the test; to know dent, in reviewing the tithing record

peace and comfort, of assurance, of whether he was willing to sacrifice of ward and branch officers, noticed faith, of security. She obviously was himself or not in obedience to the what appeared to be an excessively

acquainted with this scripture: requirements of heaven. That is what high tithe paid by a man of very hum-

"Bring ye all the tithes into the God wants in relation to this principle ble circumstances. He was a wonderstorehouse, that there may be meat in of tithing. He wants to know whether ful SpanishAmerican brother who had

mine house, and prove me now herewe will do our duty or not, and a large family. He was sustaining a

with, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will whether we will be honest or dishonest son on a mission. His only source of

not open you the windows of heaven, with Him. Every man is left to be his income was a small ditchdigging busiand pour you out a blessing, that there own judge as to what he calls his ness. Thinking that he might not

shall not be room enough to receive tithing, and there is a great variety of understand the principle of tithing, we it."(Mai. 3:10.) opinion as to what a tithing is. A called him in to explain. At the conYes, she was more than acquainted man who works for wages and devotes clusion of our discussion, he said: "Yes,

with this promise. She was converted. his whole time to the service of his brethren, I understand; but, you see,

She accepted the Lord at his word. employer; and receives $1,000 or $2,000 the Lord has been so good to me and

Another scripture, I believe, had great a year for his salary, it is an easy matmy family that I pay ten percent of meaning to her: ter for him to tell how much he owes the income of my business, not the

"There is a law, irrevocably decreed for tithing. If I earned $2,000 a year, money I take from it. You wouldn't

in heaven before the foundations of I should know that my tithing was just deny me the blessing of trying to rethis world, upon which all blessings onetenth of that. And I would not pay the Lord, would you?"

are predicated take out what it had cost me to feed President George Albert Smith "And when we obtain any blessing and clothe myself and to pay all the teaches a very interesting and basic from God, it is by obedience to that expenses necessary to the maintenance lesson on tithing in the story of a law upon which it is predicated."of my family before I reckoned with generous man. He tells us that a

(D&C 130:2021.) the Lord as to what belonged to Him. boyhood friend whom he had not seen

Tithing is not a new principle. We Two hundred dollars would be my for some time accompanied him to a

are told that tithing was practiced as honest tithing, would it not? That is stake conference. Over the years his

early as Abraham's time. The prophet the way I look at it."friend had achieved success in the

Alma, in his discourses to his people, He then goes on to discuss how a financial world. As they were driving

told them: farmer might compute his tithing and home, he turned to President Smith

"And it was this same Melchizedek how some people subtract their living and said:

to whom Abraham paid tithes; yea, expenses, tithing only their net in- "'You know, I have heard many

even our father Abraham paid tithes come. Then, continuing in the words things in this conference, but there is

of onetenth part of all he possesssed."of President Smith: only one thing that I do not understand

(Al. 13:15.) "Now, you are at liberty to do as you the way you do.'

We read in another sacred scripture please in regard to this matter. You "I said: What is it?'

what the Lord said to a modernday can choose whichever course you wish. "Well,'he said, 'it is about paying

prophet: But let me say to you that as we tithing.'

"Verily, thus saith the Lord, I remeasure out, so will it be measured "He thought I would ask him how quire all their surplus property to be back unto us again. When we go to he paid his tithing, but I did not. I

put into the hands of the bishop of my dickering with the Lord, probably He thought if he wanted to tell me, he church in Zion, will dicker with us, and if He underwould. He said: 'Would you like me

"For the building of mine house, and takes to do so, we shall get the worst to tell you how I pay my tihing?'

for the laying of the foundation of Zion of it."(Conference Report, April 1899, "I said, 'If you want to, you may.'

and for the priesthood, and for the pp. 6869.) "Well,'he said, 'if I make ten

debts of the Presidency of my Church. As President Smith tells us, the thousand dollars in a year, I put a

"And this shall be the beginning of burden -of responsibility as to whether thousand dollars in the bank for tiththe tithing of my people."(D&C or not we are full, honest tithe payers ing. I know why it's there. Then when

119:1-3.) rests squarely on our shoulders. If it the bishop comes and wants me to

This, then, was the beginning of were not so, how could the Lord really make a contribution for the chapel or tithing in our day. It is not expected know of our true character and love give him a check for a missionary who

that we now give all of our surplus. for him? is going away, if I think he needs the

The Lord goes on to tell us what is Sometime ago a stake president bore money, I give him a check. If a famexpected of us now: his testimony to me regarding tithing. ily in the ward is in distress and needs

"And after that, those who have He said that during World War II he coal or food or clothing or anything thus been tithed shall pay onetenth had been a prisoner of war in China. else, I write out a check. If I find a

of all their interest annually; and this He held the Aaronic Priesthood at that boy or a girl who is having difficulty

June 1969 61 getting through school in the East, you have not told me that you have "Not long before he died, he came

I send a cheek. Little by little I exhaust given anyone a penny of your own. into my office to tell me what he was

the thousand dollars, and every dollar He is the best partner you have in the doing with his own money."(George

of it has gone where I know it has world. He gives you everything you Albert Smith, Sharing the Gospel with

done some good. Now, what do you have, even the air you breathe. He has Others, pp. 4447.)

think of that?'said you should take onetenth of what The psalmist has said:

"'Well,'I said, 'do you want me to comes to you and give it to the Church "The earth is the Lord's, and the tell you what I think of it?'as directed by the Lord. You haven't fulness thereof; the world, and they

"He said, 'Yes.'done that; you have taken your best that dwell therein."(Ps. 24:1.)

"I said: 'I think you are a very generpartner's money, and given it away.'All he asks is that we return to him

ous man with someone else's property.'"Well, I will tell you there was ten percent of that which is already

And he nearly tipped the car over. quiet in the car for some time. We his, adding that he will open the win-

"He said, 'What do you mean?'rode on to Salt Lake City and talked dows of heaven and pour out blessings,

"I said, Tou have an idea that about other things. that we shall not have room enough to

you have paid your tithing?'"About a month after that I met him receive them. It is my witness, breth-

"'Yes,'he said. on the street. He came up, put his ren and sisters, that this is a divine law

"I said, 'You have not paid any arm in mine, and said: 'Brother Smith, and that many blessings from on high

tithing. You have told me what you I am paying my tithing the same way come through obedience to it, in the

have done with the Lord's money, but you do.'I was very happy to hear that. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Thou Shalt Love the Lord

Elder Henry D. Taylor

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

From its beginning, the Church has that in addition to loving God our great virtue—love—and its relationconstantly stressed the importance of Father in heaven and our neighbor, we ship to charity.

the home. Homes can be heaven here should also love even our enemies. Charity and love, in some respects,

on earth. Where love is present in a With our human frailties and prejuseem to be synonymous. The ancient

home, it can and will be a happy home. dices, that becomes a real challenge. prophet Moroni made this point clear

When the Savior was here filling his Here is the counsel of the Lord: "Love when he quoted his father, Mormon:

earthly mission, he gave strong emphayour enemies, bless them that curse "... if ye have not charity, ye are

sis to the principle of love. At one time you, do good to them that hate you, nothing.... But charity is the pure

a learned man, a lawyer, approached and pray for them which despitefully love of Christ, and it endureth forever;

him and asked: "Master, which is the use you, and persecute you."(Matt. and whoso is found possessed of it at

great commandment in the law? 5:44.) the last day, it shall be well with him."

"Jesus said to him, Thou shalt love An American statesman once made (Moro. 7:4647.)

the Lord thy God with all thy heart, this remark: "Destroy your enemies by Charity can and should mean not

and with all thy soul, and with all thy making friends of them."only the pure love of Christ, but it

mind. Then another has said: "You should should also mean pure love for him

"This is the first and great combe kind to your enemies, because you and his love for us.

mandment. are the one who made them."The Savior has demonstrated that

"And the second is like unto it, Thou The Lord has given strong counsel his words concerning love are not shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."to husbands concerning their wives. empty, for he has shown his love for

Then, to give added strength to his Here is his command: "Thou shalt love us in his willingness to lay down his

words, he added: "On these two comthy wife with all thy heart, and shalt life, thus making it possible for us to

mandments hang all the law and the cleave unto her and none else."(D&C receive salvation through his atoning

prophets."(Matt. 22:3640.) 42:22.) sacrifice and to achieve exaltation and

On another occasion the Lord taught Consider now another phase of this eternal life through our obedience to

62 Improvement Era It's State Savings'Golden Anniversary and we're still growing with 14 convenient offices to serve you in Utah and Hawaii.

With the recent acquisition of four former Zions Savings offices, State Savings now has 6 offices in Utah... HOME OFFICE: 125 South Main, Salt Lake City STATE

Salt Lake Branch: 56 South Main

Ogden: 3028 Washington Blvd.

Clearfield: 75 South State Murray: 4901 South State SAVINGS Provd: 47 North University Avenue AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

ASSETS OF OVER $120,000,000 These offices provide top service in savings, home mortgages, home improvement loans, travelers checks and free saveby-mail service.

During the month of June State Savings is celebrating State Savings and Loan their 50th birthday by offering free gifts for all of their 125 South Main Street / Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 customers. Please open a new 4 3A % regular Passbook Savings account

for:

Name

(IF JOINT ACCOUNT)

(IF TRUST ACCOUNT, NAME BENEFICIARY)

Address

City State Zip Amount enclosed $ Soc. Sec. No

! J

June 1969 63 '...I don't want to hear about your God, sustenance."Many of the(Ibid.,majorp. 221.)ills and disturbances that plague mankind in this

unsettled world today and are causnor do I want to hear about how your religion ing unhappiness and sorrow would disappear if the principle of love were manifested and practiced.

the love Lord our God, would If we his love keeping thatgot started. I only want to know one thing: and by show

commandments, we would be lawwhat do you people abidingno needcitizens,for lawand officersthere wouldnor forbe prisons.

If we would but love one another do for one another?"the student said and our neighbors as ourselves, there

would be no need for conventions and gatherings to be held behind barbed his commandments. His atonement simple truth, "We love one another."wire fences and protected by guards

gave meaning to his teaching that Virtually all religions tell us to love with rifles and bayonets.

"greater love hath no man than this, one another, but the restored Church If we truly loved those who persethat a man lay down his life for his tells us how to love one another. The cute us, they would no longer be

friends."(John 15:13.) No man could home teaching visits, the inspired Welenemies, but friends, and there would

willingly give his life for a friend fare Program, the unselfish service be no wars or bloodshed.

without sincerely loving him. performed in the temples, and the If men sincerely loved their wives,

The Lord's unselfish act added great worldwide missionary system demonwives loved their husbands, parents weight to his further words: "A new strate in a very practical way the loved and understood their children,

commandment I give unto you, That teaching of the Savior: "Thou shalt and children loved and respected their

ye love one another; as I have loved love thy neighbour as thyself."(Matt. parents, there would be no infidelity

you, that ye also love one another."22:39.) and unfaithfulness, no quarreling or

(John 13:34.) At this Easter time we are mindful bickering found among mankind; di-

A lonely young Persian student was of the Redeemer's sacrifice and acvorce, juvenile delinquency, broken in Munich, Germany, struggling to knowledge with heartfelt gratitude and homes, and frustration of youth would find a meaning to life. He was deeply appreciation our debt to him. be eliminated; and other social, moral,

disturbed by the materialism and In granting approval for the Savior's and economic ills would cease. Peace

selfishness that seemed to fill the atonement, our Father in heaven has would abide in the world.

world, and especially postwar Europe. manifested his love for us, his children. General Eisenhower was a person

He heard a knock at the door, and two A prophet has made this plain in this who not only expressed his love, but humble Mormon elders stood before statement: "For God so loved the also demonstrated it in behalf of others.

him. He was not the least interested world, that he gave his only begotten Among his last words were these: "I

in religion. In fact, cynicism and doubt Son, that whosoever believeth in him have always loved my wife, I have alhad filled his soul until he was very should not perish, but have everlastways loved my children, I have always

nearly persuaded that there was no God ing life."(John 3:16.) loved my grandchildren, and I have

nor any real meaning to life. The How do we show our love for our always loved my country."

only thing that interested him about Heavenly Father, and our love and apSome years ago President McKay these two young men was their English preciation for the Savior? The Lord told the brethren assembled in this

accent. He had mastered four lanhas given us the key. Listen to his building that if the 9,000 or so priestguages, but English was not one of admonition: "If thou lovest me thou hood bearers present would go forth

them. shalt serve me and keep all my comfrom here and fully live the teachings

He invited them in, but as they mandments."(D&C 42:29.) of the Master, they would have the

started their discussion, he cautioned: Love is an eternal principle, an power to change the world. This I

"I don't want to hear about your God, everlasting virtue. It operated before believe. And I also believe that if

nor do I want to hear about how your this earth life and will continue to do those of us who are here and those of religion got started. I only want to so throughout the eternities. President you of the vast television and radio

know one thing: what do you people McKay has made it clear in this magaudience would live fully the princido for one another?"He waited, and a nificent declaration: "Love is the most ple of love—and there's no greater look of doubt crossed his dark features, divine attribute of the human soul, principle—we would have the power

as the elders exchanged glances. and if you accept the immortality of to change our lives, our homes, our

Finally, the spokesman for the two the soul, that is, if you believe that neighborhoods, then this nation, and said softly, "We love one another."personality persists after death, then eventually the world, for in the words

Nothing he could have said would you must believe that love also lives."of that stirring contemporary song, "Let

have been more electrifying than this (Man May Know for Himself, p. 221.) there be peace on earth, and let it

simple utterance had upon this young However, love is a virtue that can begin with me."We do have the

Persian, for the Holy Ghost immebe lost. It may wither up and die as a power to change our lives and surdiately bore testimony to his soul that result of neglect, carelessness, and inroundings by first realizing our own

these missionaries were true servants difference. So President McKay has worth and loving and valuing ourof the Lord. Shortly thereafter he was beautifully cautioned with the followselves, and then by loving those with

baptized, and he presently is in this ing words: "Love must be fed... whom we live and labor.

country receiving his doctorate degree love must be nourished; love can be May we have the desire and courage

at a local university—all because a starved to death just as literally as to so act, I humbly pray, in the name

young Mormon missionary declared a the body can be starved without daily of the Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen.

64 Improvement Era 4 t

Union Pacific opens its second hundred years with wonders that are already changing our lives.

... more than just a railroad, Union Pacific is a

20th Century spaceage complex of electronics, communications, mechanical and scientific devices. Its systems, methods,

equipment... its plans, policies and people... have left

the old ideas of railroading to history.

A hundred years ago we united America by rail. But what have

we done for tomorrow? We have developed a

set of sharp new tools... people, plans, equipment and

facilities... to work on tomorrow's transportation problems today

because Union Pacific is a tomorrow railroad... today.

PLANT SITES... another sharp new tool...

UNION torto ourinformationpresident,writeEdd inH. completeBailey, UnionconfidencePacific Railroad,

PACIFIC Omaha, Nebraska 68102.

RAILROAD UNION PACIFIC Your good neighbor who is helping to build the West

June 1969 65 Doubt Not, FearNot

Elder ElRay L. Christiansen

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters, I should like (Prov. 24:10.) Even in times of trouble who, with their companions, were into say something that might be helpful and tribulation, the gospel of Christ carcerated in Liberty Jail through the

to those among us who are weighed offers encouragement and gives assurwinter of 1838 and 1839. They were

down with trials and difficulties and ance. confined in one room with two small

disappointments and tribulations, and I am always lifted in spirit and given windows. No provision had been made

to them I say, "Doubt not, fear not."greater hope by the words of the great to heat the room; there was no chimThe gospel of Jesus Christ embraces hymn: ney to draw out the smoke. The brethevery principle, every law, and every ren slept on piles of straw on the floor.

ordinance necessary for us to meet any "How firm a foundation, ye Saints of Their food was of the coarsest kind.

condition in life and for the ultimate the Lord, And yet, from that prison came some success of each of us. Is laid for your faith in his excellent of the most beautiful and sublime

The teachings of Jesus warm the word! thoughts and writings ever given to the

human heart. His doctrines enlighten What more can he say than to you he world. They will endure among sathe mind. They designate the proper hath said, cred literature of the Church for all

course. You who unto Jesus, for refuge have time. Here are some of the words of

Foremost among his teachings"is the fled? the Lord to Joseph Smith at that time

recognition of God as our Father. Jesus as they are recorded in Doctrine and

prayed to our Father and asked that "When through the deep waters I call Covenants, Section 122:

all men do likewise, and that we live thee to go, "If thou art called to pass through "by every word that proceedeth out of The river of sorrow shall not thee o'ertribulation; if thou art in perils among

the mouth of God."(Matt 4:4.) He flow, false brethren;...

taught that by conformance to the plan For I will be with thee, thy troubles "If thou art accused with all manner of our Father, given through Jesus to bless, of false accusations; if thine enemies

Christ, each of us can achieve a divine And sanctify to thee thy deepest disfall upon thee;...

destiny. tress. "... know thou, my son, that all

It is the only plan by which genuine these things shall give thee experience, peace of mind can be found. Indeed, it "Fear not, I am with thee, O be not and shall be for thy good.

is the only plan that leads men to dismayed, "The Son of Man hath descended salvation and exaltation. This plan For I am thy God and will still give below them all. Art thou greater than

was presented to us in our preexistent thee aid; he?

state, and each of us gladly accepted I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and "Therefore, hold on thy way, and it. As part of it, we understood that cause thee to stand, the priesthood shall remain with thee;

in mortality we would most likely Upheld by my righteous, omnipotent for their bounds are set, they cannot experience sorrow as well as joy, pain hand."pass. -Thy days are known, and thy

as well as comfort, disappointment (Hymns, No. 66.) years shall not be numbered less;

along with success, sickness as well as therefore, fear not what man can do, health. Because it is necessary for our Brothers and sisters, you and I are for God shall be with you forever and

development, the Lord permits the never alone. The Lord will not forever."(D&C 122:5-9.)

bitter to be mixed with the sweet. He sake us. Let us not forsake him! My, what a lesson! What assurance!

knows that our individual faith must We are God's children, and he, our Strength comes by courageously adbe tested in adversity as well as in Father, has a personal concern for each justing our lives to our trials, and by serenity. Otherwise, that faith may not of us. He has promised that they who so doing we are brought closer to God.

be sufficiently developed when a conare faithful in tribulation and adverElder James E. Talmage gave this

dition arises that can be met through sities shall be more greatly blessed. promise: "No pang that is suffered by

faith alone. (See D&C 58:24.) man or woman upon the earth, will

The Bible says: "If thou faint in the Let us consider for a moment the be without its compensating effect...

day of adversity, thy strength is small."plight of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, if it be met with patience."

66 Improvement Era We cannot afford to meet adversities doubt, to you who need help, may I "Bless them which persecute you:...

with impatience or bitterness. President say: Doubt not—fear not! "Rejoice with them that do rejoice,

Brigham Young taught that "if the The Lord gives to you and to me asand weep with them that weep."(Rom.

Saints could realize things as they are surance in these words: 12:9-15.)

when they are called to pass through "Draw near unto me and I will draw Yes, indeed, the teachings of the trials, and to suffer what they call near unto you; seek me diligently and gospel enlighten the mind and warm

sacrifices, they would acknowledge ye shall find me; ask, and ye shall rethe heart. They give encouragement

them to be the greatest blessings that ceive; knock, and it shall be opened to the sorrowing and replace fear with

could be bestowed upon them.... unto you. courage. With Helaman, I say:

"... without the opposite and they "Whatsoever ye ask the Father in "And now, my sons, remember, recould not know enjoyment; they could my name it shall be given unto you, member that it is upon the rock of our

not realize happiness.... If they that is expedient for you."(D&C Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of

should not taste the bitter, how could 88:6364. Italics added.) God, that ye must build your foundathey realize the sweet? They could But the gospel teaches also that each tion; that when the devil shall send

not!"(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 2, of us has obligations. Hear also the forth his mighty winds, yea, his shafts

pp. 301-2.) words of the apostle Paul to the saints in the whirlwind, yea, and when all

If our existence terminated with in Rome: his hail and his mighty storm shall

death, adversities might tend to over- "Let love be without dissimulation beat upon you, it shall have no power whelm us. But with the gospel as a [pretense]. Abhor that which is evil; over you to drag you down to the gulf

foundation and with faith in a just cleave to that which is good. of misery and endless wo, because of

God who watches over all, each one "Be kindly affectioned one to anthe rock upon which ye are built, which may receive the comfort and acquire other with brotherly love; in honour is a sure foundation, a foundation

the fortitude to meet the vicissitudes of preferring one another;... whereon if men build they cannot

life. To you who are discouraged, to "Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribufall."(He. 5:12.)

you who are sorrowing, to you who lation, continuing instant in prayer;... In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Blessings, Through Obedience to Counsel

Elder ]ames A. Cullimore

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

One of our hymns we sing most freof their leaders and followed it quite the restored gospel is that God reveals quently and with great fervor is: implicitly from the very organization his mind and will to his established

of the Church. Those who did not Prophet on earth for the guidance of

"We thank thee, O God, for a prophet heed the counsel of the brethren and the Church. The Church is founded

To guide us in these latter days. were disobedient to the laws of the on revelation. On the day of the

We thank thee for sending the gospel gospel usually apostatized and left the organization of the Church, the Lord

To lighten our minds with its rays. Church. gave a revelation to the Church:

Although there have been periods "Wherefore, meaning the church, thou "We thank thee for every blessing of great trial among the people in the shalt give heed unto all his [the PresiBestowed by thy bounteous hand. history of the Church, the revelations dent of the Church] words and comWe feel it a pleasure to serve thee, of the Lord, through the counsel of mandments which he shall give unto,

And love to obey thy command."his leaders, have guided the people you as he receiveth them, walking in

(Hymns, No. 196.) constantly in both their material and all holiness before me;

spiritual lives. "For his word ye shall receive, as

One of the most important features The guidance for the Church conif from mine own mouth, in all paof the last line is, "We love to obey tinues to come through the President, tience and faith.

thy command."The members of the the prophet, seer, and revel ator, to the "For by doing these things the gates

Church have listened to the counsel present day. The basic principle of of hell shall not prevail against you;

June 1969 67 a

no matter how sure the dangers and how In a letter to all stake leaders in

September of 1966 the First Presidency said: "The Lord has so organized His

is accessible and child—to every great the need for counsel, there can be Churchmember—man,that therewoman,

spiritual advisor, and a temporal counno coercion in the Church/ selorintimatelyas well,and whowho knowsknowsthe themcircumstances and conditions out of which their problems come, and who, yea, and the Lord God will disperse personal liberties when he gives counby reason of his ordination, is enthe powers of darkness from before you, sel. Advice on... matters of titled to an endowment from our

and cause the heavens to shake for your conduct by the constituted leadership Heavenly Father of the necessary disgood, and his name's glory. of the Church may be questioned by cernment and inspiration of the Lord

"For thus saith the Lord God: Him those who are affected by the advice. to enable him to give the advice which

have I inspired to move the cause of "The first answer to such a person the one in trouble so much needs. We

Zion in mighty power for good, and is that all advice is given for the good refer to the bishop or branch presihis diligence I know., and his prayers of the individual concerned, and that dent in the first instance and to the

I have heard"(D&C 21:4-7.) it is wise to follow those who have stake or mission president if the bishop

Today, more than ever before, we had experience and are unselfishly givor branch president, for any reason, have need for implicit faith in God ing help to others.... The Church feels the need of assistance in giving

and his appointed leaders and their which exists for the welfare of man, his counsel."(Letter from the First

inspired counsel. In this day, when would be derelict to its divinely imPresidency, September 22, 1966, to

many doubt the very existence of God posed obligations did it not exercise stake presidents, bishops, mission presiand the divinitv of Christ, as we its responsibility as a guardian against dents, and branch presidents.)

learn of the ''new morality,"see a all evil and for all good. How should we regard and interpret

general breakdown in moral standards, "The second answer is that under the counsel in the Church? Is there a diswitness common use of drugs and dislaw of free agency no one is obliged tinction between the law of the gospel

regard for parents and home, see into obey... the counsel given. Man is and counsel? Does the counsel of the

crease in juvenile delinquency and the always free to act for himself. But, priesthood differ from that which

tendency to break marriage vows, to members of the Church, this answer emanated from secular fields? Do we

riots, violence, and great disturbances may be misleading. They are under have a responsibility in following the

everywhere, there is justification for the necessity of acknowledging that counsel of the brethren?

great concern. consistency requires them to conforn President Stephen L Richards anYet, no matter how sure the danto counsel given and regulations set up. swers these questions in this manner:

gers and how great the need for coun- "... Every member of the Church "... a moment's reflection will consel and guidance, there can be no upon terms of faith and repentance, has vince you of the rather serious regard

coercion in the Church. Man's free entered the waters of baptism. By this in which we hold counsel. While it

agencv is held bv the Church to be his ordinance he has pledged acceptance is true that we characterize infractions first right. Every man must be free of the doctrine and practice of the of the law as sin and we do not apply

to act for himself. The Lord has degospel of Jesus Christ. The divinity quite that drastic a terminology to

clared: 'Tor the power is in them, of the work of the Church has befailure to follow counsel, yet in the

the priesthood, counsel his settled Church, conviction. under wherein they are agents unto themcome Upon this

the given for always is primary purpose regulates his foundation 58:28.) he henceforth selves. '(D&C

Rrigham Young said: "All rational life. Among the basic principles [we of having the law observed, so that

beings have an agency of their own.... accept as members] are the inspirait does occupy a place of standing and

The volition of the creature is free; tion and authority residing in the livimportance, almost comparable to that

this is a law of their existence...."ing priesthood. When, therefore, the law of the gospel."(Address at Brig-

(Discourses of Brigham Young, 1943 President of the Church speaks, auham Young University, February 26, ed., p. 62.) thoritatively, and we disobey, we are 1957, p..1.)

Commenting on this. John A. Widtrepudiating one of the foundation As we believe, there is at the head

soe has said- 'Coercion, which is in principles of the gospel...."(John A. of the Church today a living prophet,

direct opposition to free agency, must Widtsoe, Gospel Interpretation, pp. 70to whom the Lord reveals his mind and

not be applied in any form"in the 72.) will for the guidance of the Church,

Church. This is the plan of the adverWith our freedom of agency in the and we sustain the Council of Twelve

sary. Church, we need the constant guidance as prophets, seers, and revel ators who

"... There must be no attempt to of our leaders to help us in our deare also divinely chosen and inspired

force even a needed gift upon another. cisions. It seems to me that no memto watch over the Church and keep it

It is better that one live in darkness ber of the Church can risk becoming in order and to be special witnesses of than to be forced into light. There is involved in any questionable activity Christ; when you sustain your stake

ample place among men for teaching or association with extreme, radical president and bishop, your mission but none for compelling others to groups, whose teachings and actions president and branch president as accept what is taught. Every person is run counter to the gospel, without seekGod's divinely appointed representaunder obligation to respect the free ing advice from his spiritual leader. tives to preside over you in your reagencv of everv other individual...."Your bishop or branch president, stake spective area and then fail to obey

He states further: 'The application president or mission president has been their counsel, you deny yourself the

of these principles to daily affairs duly appointed as your spiritual adviser blessings of die gospel and personal sometimes leads to misunderstandings. and has the right of inspiration to give blessings and direction. The counsel

Certain Church members may feel that you counsel and guidance you might of the leaders of the Church usually is a Church official is invading their need. but a repetition of the laws of the

68 Improvement Era gospel, encouragement to follow the and even loss of faith. selves among snags."(From a talk by

teachings of the Church, to keep Some most sincere counsel was given Elder George A. Smith, Journal of

the covenants we made as we entered the members of the Church by Oliver Discourses, Vol. 7, p. 117.)

the waters of baptism, and in the house Cowdery when he came before the I can think of no better counsel for of the Lord. Church at Pottawottamie and requested us today than to follow the main chanThe following of this counsel can that he be restored to the Church. He nel of the stream, to keep from extremes

only bring eventual happiness. Dissaid: "Follow the Twelve: they are the to the right or the left, through obediobedience to counsel can only accrue men with whom the Priesthood rests. ence to the continual direction of the

to our detriment. It often leads to If you follow the main channel of the Lord for the guidance of the Church.

faultfinding, lack of activity in the stream, you will go right; but if you This testimony I leave with you in

Church, breaking the commandments, run into a bayou, you will find yourthe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Power of Example

Elder Delbert L. Stapley

Of the Council of the Twelve

My beloved brothers and sisters and Church. She answered, "Yes."I inHigh-sounding thoughts and words

friends: In my heart I am fully conquired if she lived her religion. Again without an appropriate example are as

vinced that more attention must be the answer was a positive yes. She sounding brass and tinkling cymbal,

given to matching gospel principles, expressed admiration and respect for therefore meaningless.

standards, and ideals with Christlike the faith, behavior, and good example "What you are,"said Emerson, examples in our personal lives if truth of her newfound Mormon friend. "thunders so loudly in my ears, I canand righteousness are to prevail in the A wise man, when asked to list three not hear what you say."

present decaying moral and spiritual cardinal points that exemplified the "... Behold,"said Jesus, "I am the

world. We cannot afford to depart lives of the great teachers of all time light; I have set an example for you."

from solid spiritual moorings and and that would be a guide to new (3 Ne. 18:16.)

stumble down an evil course that can teachers, said: "First, teach by example. This challenging statement by our

only lead to depravity of life. Second, teach by example. Third, Redeemer can be taken at face value

The world needs more men and teach by example."with safety and assurance.

women of good moral and spiritual Our Savior, Jesus Christ, is the The apostle Peter emphasized this character who will stand firm, steadgreatest example the world has ever truth when he declared: "For even

fast, and immovable in keeping the known, and his teachings endure hereunto were ye called: because

commandments of God and be living throughout the ages because the preChrist also suffered for us, leaving us examples of truth and righteousness. cepts he taught were emphasized by an example, that ye should follow his

The power of example exhibits its the example of his own life. steps:

strength when men and women live To be an example from a religious "Who did no sin, neither was guile the gospel. For such persons, the light point of view, someone or some group found in his mouth:

of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ must serve as a model and set a pattern "Who, when he was reviled, reviled shines forth from their countenance as of conduct and moral behavior in life not again; when he suffered, he

a beacon light to draw others into virthat can safely be imitated and folthreatened not; but committed himself

tue's path. lowed by others with benefit and to him that judgeth righteously."

Recently, returning home by plane blessing to them. "No period of history (1 Pet. 2:2123.)

from a stake conference, a young has ever been great or ever can be that It has been said, "The Christian stewardess, off duty, sat down beside does not act on some sort of high, ideal has not been tried and found me. After introduction, she informed idealistic motives, and idealism in our wanting; it has been found difficult

me that one of her roommates is a girl time has been shoved aside, and we are and left untried."(Gilbert K. Chesterfrom Salt Lake City. I asked if the paying the penalty for it."(Alfred ton.)

roommate belonged to the Mormon North Whitehead.) To the members of the Church today

June 1969 69 are applicable the words of our (2 Ne. 31:7, 9-10, 12.) to act dishonestly before a child, as to

Savior: "Let your light so shine before This admonition was confirmed to attempt to heat water in a sieve."

men, that they may see your good Nephi by the voice of God, saying: (Pathways to Happiness, p. 307.)

works, and glorify your Father which "Yea, the words of my Beloved are How important it is for parents to is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.) true and faithful. He that endureth to live clean lives and obey God's laws

This scripture stresses the importance the end, the same shall be saved. and commandments. To do so will

and value of good example. "And now, my beloved brethren,"permit them to use the example of

President David O. McKay, in a said Nephi, "I know by this that untheir own lives in the teaching of their

general conference message, gave this less a man shall endure to the end, in children. To fail to do so creates percounsel: "If we would face the future, following the example of the Son of sonal inhibitions that prevent parents

no matter what it may be, with calmthe living God, he cannot be saved."from discussing intimate and delicate

ness of spirit, with an assurance that (2Ne. 31:1516.) questions and problems about life with

God governs in the affairs of men, let These teachings constitute a sumwhich their children are deeply conus as individuals and as a group live mons to all men to live righteously. cerned.

exemplary lives."(The Improvement It is the only path that leads one back Children gain balance, judgment,

Era, May 1948, p. 338.) to the presence of God. and wisdom on the foundation and

This plea from our beloved PresiCorianton, son of a Nephite prophet, platforms of their exemplary parents.

dent is as timely today as it was 21 while engaged in missionary service, The prophet Jacob again admonished years ago, and perhaps more so, because foolishly, and to the great sorrow of his the Nephites:

of today's increased wickedness and father, followed after the harlot Isabel. "... Ye have broken the hearts of

pervasive corruptness. Alma, disappointed by his son's actions, your tender wives, and lost the confiThe Prophet Joseph Smith proreproved him and said: dence of your children, because of your

claimed that people should be taught "... for when they saw your conbad examples before them; and the

correct principles and then govern duct they would not believe in my sobbings of their hearts ascend up to themselves. The gospel teaches correct words."(Al. 39:11.) God against you...."(Jac. 2:35.)

principles, standards, and ideals, but Truly, example is greater than preIn President David O. McKay's

there are so many who disregard these cept. message this morning, he gave timely

teachings, and thus fail to rightly Billy Martin, the new manager of advice to parents regarding their chilgovern themselves. In keeping with the Minnesota Twins baseball team, is dren.

this concept of teaching correct prinquoted as saying: "We represent the May I share with you President

ciples, the Lord warned the inhabitants state of Minnesota, and I want us to Brigham Young's counsel for parents of his kingdom: look like gentlemen.... The youth of to teach their children by example.

"And Zion cannot be built up unAmerica is watching, and I am conSaid President Young: "... if parents

less it is by the principles of the law cerned about that. I want our guys to will continually set before their chilof the celestial kingdom; otherwise I be a good example."I thought that dren examples worthy of their imitation

cannot receive her unto myself."(D&C statement was a very interesting oband the approval of our Father in

105:5.) servation. heaven, they will turn the current, and

Nephi, a Book of Mormon prophet, The writer Thoreau philosophized: the tide of feelings of their children,

being grieved by the hardness of the "If you would convince a man that he and they, eventually, will desire hearts of his older brothers Laman and does wrong, do right. Men will believe righteousness more than evil."(Journal

Lemuel, spake unto them, saying: what they see let them see."of Discourses, Vol. 14, p. 195.)

"Behold, ye are mine elder brethren, Dr. Albert Schweitzer expressed this "... we should never permit ourand how is it that ye are so hard in thought: "Example is not the main selves to do anything that we are not

your hearts, and so blind in your minds, thing in influencing others—it is the willing to see our children do. We

that ye have need that I, your younger only thing!"should set them an example that we

brother, should speak unto you, yea, "There is a transcendent power in wish them to imitate.... How often

and set an example for you? example. We reform others unconwe see parents demand obedience, good

"How is it that ye have not hearksciously when we walk uprightly."behavior, kind words, pleasant looks,

ened unto the word of the Lord? (Madame Swetchine.) a sweet voice and a bright eye from a

"... Wherefore, let us be faithful Jacob, the brother of Nephi, speakchild or children, when they themto him."(1 Ne. 7:8-9, 12.) ing to parents, counseled: "... ye shall selves are full of bitterness and

We learn in the writings of Nephi remember your children, how that ye scolding! How inconsistent and unthat Christ "humbleth himself before have grieved their hearts because of reasonable this is!"(Ibid., p. 192.)

the Father, and witnesseth unto the the example that ye have set before "... parents should govern their

Father that he would be obedient unto them; and also, remember that ye may, children by faith rather than by the

him in keeping his commandments. because of your filthiness, bring your rod, leading them kindly by good ex-

"And... it showeth unto the chilchildren unto destruction, and their ample into all truth and holiness."

dren of men the straightness of the sins be heaped upon your heads at the (JD, Vol. 12, p. 174.)

path, and the narrowness of the gate, last day."(Jac. 3:10.) "Our children will have the love of

by which they should enter, he having This reminds us of the teachings of the truth, if we but live our religion.

set the example before them. our Lord to parents in this latter day: Parents should take that course that

"And he said unto the children of the responsibility we have of teaching their children can say, 'I never knew men: Follow thou me. Wherefore, my our children the principles of the gosmy father to deceive or take advantage

beloved brethren,"said Nephi, "can pel—to see that they are baptized, of a neighbor; I never knew my father

we follow Jesus save we shall be wiltaught to pray, to walk uprightly before to take to himself that which did not ling to keep the commandments of the the Lord, and to observe the Sabbath belong to him... but he said,...

Father?"day and keep it holy. (See D8tC 68: "be honest, true, virtuous, kind, inAnd, challenged the Christ to all 2729.) dustrious, prudent and full of good

mankind, "... follow me, and do the President McKay declared: "It is as works."'Such teachings from parents

things which ye have seen me do."futile to attempt to teach honesty, and to their children will abide with them

70 Improvement Era This machine keeps people from going hungry.

June 1969 71 for ever."(]D, Vol. 14, p. 195.) though in this latter day, "the devil and Mormon, in his second epistle to

Speaking of examples from the shall have power over his own dohis son Moroni, stressed the wickedness scriptures, the apostle Paul, writing to minion,"the Lord has promised he and lack of principle in his people and the Corinthian saints, admonished: "shall have power over his saints, and lamented:

"Now these things were our examshall reign in their midst, and shall "O the depravity of my people! They

ples, to the intent we should not lust come down in judgment upon... are without order and without mercy.

after evil things, as they also lusted. the world."(D&C 1:3536.) "And they have become strong in

"Neither let us commit fornication, This knowledge is comforting, but their perversion; and they are alike

as some of them committed.... for the Savior.to fulfill this promise, brutal, sparing none,... and they

"Neither let us tempt Christ, as some his people must live as saints. They delight in everything save that which

of them also tempted, and were deare the only ones among whom the is good....

stroyed of serpents. Lord promises to reign. "... Behold, thou knowest the wick-

"Neither murmur ye, as some of Perhaps it would be well to rememedness of this people; thou knowest

them also murmured, and were deber the account of Enoch and his that they are without principle, and stroyed of the destroyer. people. They were in an abominable past feeling...."(Moro. 9:1820.)

"Now all these things happened state of wickedness. They had all gone Is history beginning to repeat itself

unto them for ensamples; and they are astray from the teachings of their in this generation of time? I firmly

written for our admonition.... fathers. Enoch accepted the challenge believe it is. Our position and respon-

"Wherefore, let him that thinketh of turning the people from their evil sibility are the same now as Mormon he standeth take heed lest he fall."ways unto the Lord. He did it so effecexpressed to his son Moroni centuries

(1 Cor. 10:6, 8-12.) tively that God translated and received ago:

Those who teach or lead in God's them unto himself. (See Moses 7 and "And now, my beloved son,"said

kingdom must remember that Christ is 8.) Mormon, "notwithstanding their hardthe great exemplar to them, and rightly Following Christ's ministry and ness, let us labor diligently; for if we

so. Therefore, all leaders and teachers resurrection in Judea, he visited the should cease to labor, we should be

called to labor in his vineyard accept inhabitants of the Americas. After his brought under condemnation; for we

a great responsibility when they expect appearance among them, they comhave a labor to perform whilst in this others to live up to gospel principles, pletely changed their ways from tabernacle of clay, that we may constandards, and ideals in order to enjoy wickedness to righteousness. quer the enemy of all righteousness,

the privileges and blessings of the Fourth Nephi records this sublime and rest our souls in the kingdom of gospel, yet fail themselves to maintain condition: God."(Moro. 9:6.)

these requirements in their own per- "And it came to pass in the thirty Striving to exert the power of good sonal lives. and sixth year, the people were all example by living gospel principles,

We leaders must be what we ask or converted unto the Lord, upon all the maintaining proper standards, and require others to be; otherwise, such face of the land... and there were holding firm to righteous ideals, while

hypocrisy turns to our condemnation. no contentions and disputations among not always easy, will reward us in this

The candidate before baptism is rethem, and every man did deal justly life and in the eternal worlds to come.

quired to repent of all his sins. Does one with another. Someone said: "It is no trick to keep

it not seem reasonable that the priest- "And it came to pass that there was one's principles on a high level, but hood brethren officiating in this ordino contention in the land, because of it is hard sometimes to stay up there nance be equally free from all personal the love of God which did dwell in with them."

transgressions? This also holds true in the hearts of the people. "For us, with the rule of right and

the performance of all gospel ordi- "And there were no envyings, nor wrong given us by Christ, there is nances. strifes, nor tumults, nor whoredoms, nothing for which we have no stanIt is deceitful and dishonorable for nor lyings, nor murders, nor any mandard...."(Leo Tolstoi, War and

one to try to hide his own improper ner of lasciviousness; and surely there Peace.)

personal conduct and not serve openly could not be a happier people among Honesty, integrity, uprightness, moand exemplarily according to the spirit all the people who had been created rality, observance of the Word of Wisof his holy calling. We must rememby the hand of God."(4 Ne. 2, 1516.) dom, and all the revelations concerning

ber that a heavenly record is kept of These two examples are before us in ideal behavior should be exemplified our conduct here on earth, and there the Church today. Our work and purin our own lives, and we will then bewill come a day of reckoning and pose is just the same now as it was in come proper examples for others to

judgment. This church is true; it has earlier times. I wonder if we will so follow.

value and is meaningful to those seeklive and do as to measure up to this Does our pattern of life incorporate ing exaltation and eternal life. If this responsibility. The task seems insurthese basic qualities that permit us to

church is worth anything, it is worth mountable, but if we, as a people, live say with assurance to our loved ones everything! There is no exaltation and righteously, seeking earnestly the riches and friends, and those whom we serve,

eternal glory without it. of eternity, the ideal state of righteous- "Come follow me, and do the things

Before the second coming of our ness can be achieved. you have seen me do"?

Lord, he has revealed that the devil is After this period of Nephite and Here is our obligation, duty, and to have power over his own dominion. Lamanite happiness and peace, they challenge.

We are witnessing evidences of it today gradually fell again into evil ways, May God bless us, brothers and sisin many forms. Men are setting aside ters, that we may have the strength

the accepted eternal teachings and and the courage under all conditions to verities of scripture. Many intellectuals live exemplary lives and to walk upin this present enlightened age think rightly before the Lord and set a good

basic the they and have outgrown that principles Savior the damental funHe who is selfcentered travels exampleand particularlyfor all tomankindour ownto childrenfollow, and his holy prophets have stressed in very small circles. and families, I humbly pray, in the

throughout the ages of time. Even—T. Kirkwood Collins name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

72 Improvement Era a

Saturday morning session, April 5, 1969

i ii& ww%jfi\j%r %ji %j%&uw

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley

Of the Council of Twelve

My dear brethren and sisters, I am We were told that General Eisenand struggled for their little hour upon acutely aware of the vast congregation hower some years earlier, in approving the earth. In this vast army what heads

to whom I speak this glorious Easter the plans for his funeral, had requested arise above the common level? Among

time. Humbly I seek the inspiration of that the music and sermons be on a all those who have fought for fame,

the Holy Spirit. triumphant note. who have actually achieved it? What

With millions of others around the That wish was fulfilled. half dozen men among 5 them all deworld, I watched last Monday the The choir in the great cathedral sang serve to be called great?

funeral service of President Dwight D. the stirring words of Luther's moving "He turned the question over in his

Eisenhower. hymn, "A Mighty Fortress Is Our God."mind for a day or two, and then gave

I observed the pageantry of it—the They repeated the peaceful assurance me a list of six names.. -"

solemn pallbearers, young men in miliof the twentythird Psalm,"The Lord Jesus of Nazareth led that list.

tary uniform representing their legions Is My Shepherd."They gave voice to Mr. Barton then goes on to say:

of comrades in arms. the battle hymn of the faithful. "On- "Think of the thousands of emperors

I listened to the roar of the guns—ward, Christian Soldiers."They reverwho have battled for fame, who have

final salute to a dedicated soldier, comently sang the prayer of John Henry decreed themselves immortal, and fashmander of the mightiesi military maNewman, "Lead, kindly Light, amid ioned their immortality into monuchine ever assembled. th 'encircling gloom; Lead thou me on!"ments of brick and stone.... Think

I noted the heads of state, men who The sermon included the majestic of the hosts who have struggled for had gathered from the far reaches of declaration of Jesus: "... I am the wealth, fretting over figures, denying

the earth to honor a former president resurrection, and the life: he that betheir generous instincts, cheating and

of the United States. lieveth in me, though he were dead, yet grasping and worrying."(The Man NoAll of this was proper, and befitting shall he live: And whosoever liveth body Knows, pp. 17475.)

so great a man. But as I looked into and belicveth in me shall never die."And then, I should like to add, think

the faces of those who mourned, I saw (John 11:2526.) of Jesus, who walked the dusty roads

in my mind's eye, through and above The prayer, spoken in concert by of a conquered, vassal state; whose

and beyond all of this, the matchless the congregation, was the prayer of the only army was a following of the sick wonder of the Son of God. Lord: "Our Father which art in heaven, and the poor and the outcast; who was

Here was a memorial service for Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom dishonored and abused by the rulers

one of the leaders of the earth, an honcome. Thy will be done in earth, as and the princes; who himself carried

ored chief of state and a respected it is in heaven."(Matt. 6:9-10.) the cross to which he was nailed; for

military commander. For those who While watching that service, I whose burial there was no procession,

mourned there was satisfaction in the reached for a book and read this statebut only a hurrying in the night to a assurance of a great life, well lived. ment from Bruce Barton: borrowed tomb.

But comfort—that comfort all seek on "I talked one day,"said Mr. Barton, Men are born, they live for?n hour such occasions—came only from the "with H. G. Wells after his Outline of glory, and die. Most throughout

quiet words, the example of the simple of History had appeared. I said: their lives are teased by various hopes;

life, and the testimony of the resur- "'You have stood upon a mountain and among all the hopes of men in all rection of the Man of Peace, he who and viewed the whole panorama of ages of time, none is so great as the never lifted the sword of war, who human progress. You have seen the hope of immortality.

never ruled as head of state, who captains and the kings, the princes The empty tomb that first Easter walked among the poor, who died on and the prophets, the millionaires and morning brought the most comforting the cross and was buried in a borrowed the dreamers—all the billions of huassurance that can come into man's

tomb. man atoms that have lived and loved heart. This was the affirmative answer

June 1969 73 to the ageless question raised by Job, of a boy who grew up not far from every bus, every railroad train. That

"If a man die, shall he live again?"me. He had played ball and laughed great, cavernous station became deathly

(Job 14:14.) and danced and studied. He had gone still. I looked out the door across the

While seated in front of my teleoff to war. His plane was last seen plaza. Men working on the hotel on

vision screen watching the funeral of falling in flames somewhere in the vast the other side of the street stood on the

General Eisenhower, I reflected on the area of the South Pacific. His mother scaffolding with bared heads. Every

wonder of the quiet man of Galilee, wept in sorrow. Her hair turned to bicycle stopped, and every man and

whose life and teachings have evergray and then to white. But radiant woman and child dismounted and stood,

increasing relevance in our time—as through all her tragedy has been a hatless and bowed. Then, after three

great a relevance, I would like to say, sublime and quiet faith that she shall minutes of reverent pause, trucks, great as in the day that he walked the earth. meet and know and love her son convoys of them, began to roll from

In response to such a statement as again. Geneva, across Austria to the Hunthis on another occasion, a straggly As I stood before that name engarian border, laden with supplies

haired young intellectual asked, "What graved in marble, there came into my food, clothing, and medicine. The gates

relevance? Just what relevance has mind these great words of the Lord: of Switzerland were thrown open to

Jesus for us? Why, he's as outof-date "Thou shalt live together in love, refugees. As I stood there that Decemas the Roman legions who occupied insomuch that thou shalt weep for the ber morning, I could not help marvel-

.. die.. loss of at ing that there."the miraculous them Jerusalem was when he contrast—the

".. I those devilish. [but] that replied. oppressive "Relevance?"power -die in me "Ask my of those who

friends who tearfully watched the body shall not taste of death, for it shall be were snuffing out the sparks of freeof a beloved child lowered into the sweet unto them."(D&C 42:4546.) dom on the streets of Budapest, in congrave. Ask my neighbor who lost her This, my brethren and sisters, is the trast with the spirit of the Christian

husband in an accident. Ask the fathers assurance of Easter. This is the promise people of Switzerland who bowed their

and mothers of the thousands of good of the risen Lord. This is the relevance heads in reverence and then rolled up

young men who have died in the of Jesus to a world in which all must their sleeves to provide succor and steaming jungles of Vietnam. He—the die. But there is further and more imrefuge. risen Lord Jesus Christ—is their only mediate relevance. As he is the conThanks be to God for the relevance

comfort. There is nothing more relequeror of death, so also is he the master of Jesus to the problems of our time.

vant to the cold, stark fact of death of life. His way is the answer to the It has been said that history is only

than the assurance of eternal life."troubles of the world in which we live. the story of private lives. If we would

I am reminded of the young infantry- I return to my reflections while witimprove the world in which we live, man we met in Vietnam. He was to nessing President Eisenhower's funeral. we must first improve the lives of the

return the next day to the battle line On that occasion I reached for another people. Conversion is never a mass

along the DMZ. He knew what he book, a book written by the general process. It is an individual thing. The

would face on that dreaded tomorrow. himself. I read a statement he made behavior of the masses is the behavior

He said quietly, "I guess it really doesn't in 1953 concerning the future of our of individuals.

matter whether I live or die. Sure, I troubled world. Said he: "The worst It was said of old that as a man

love life, but I believe the life ahead to be feared and the best to be expected "thinketh in his heart, so is he."(Prov.

will be as real and a lot better than can be simply stated: 23:7.) The wonderful miracle of our

the life here."He continued, "I hope "The worst is atomic war. day, as of all time, is the fact that

and pray that I will live to return "The best would be this: A life of men, when properly motivated, can

home; but if it should be otherwise, I perpetual fear and tension; a burden and do change their lives.

know my father and mother will unof arms draining the wealth and the It is reported that when Clinton T.

derstand. You see, they know that God labor of all people; a wasting of Duffey became the warden at the San

lives. They know that Jesus is the strength that defies... any system to Quentin Prison and initiated reform

Christ. They know that life is eternal, achieve true abundance and happiness procedures, he was chided by a radio

as do I."for the peoples of this earth.... commentator who said, "Mr. Duffey,

Such the testimony of a sensitive "It calls upon them to answer the you should know that leopards don't young man of faith who walked with question that stirs the hearts of all change their spots."Duffey replied,

death. Such the hope of his comrades sane men: Is there no other way the "You should know I don't work with

in their brooding hours of quiet world may live?..."(From the jacket leopards. I work with men, and men

thought. of Mandate for Change.) change every day."

I walked one day through the great There is a way, if men will subdue President David O. McKay has said

military cemetery on the outskirts of their hearts to seek it. that the purpose of the gospel is to

Manila in the Philippines. There, The simple answer—the only anmake evilminded men good and good

standing row on row in perfect symswer—is found in the words and life men better.

metry, are marble crosses marking the of the immortal Son of God. I thought One of the complaints of the young

graves of more than 17,000 who gave of the power of that teaching on a pot smokers and drug takers who are their lives to the cause of liberty. SurDecember day in 1956 when tanks seeking escape from reality is that the

rounding that hallowed ground are were rolling down the streets of Budaworld has become intolerably impertwo great marble colonnades on which pest and students were being slaughsonal. If this be the problem, the anare inscribed the names of more than tered with machinegun fire. I was swer is not the kind of escape in which

35,000 others who were lost in combat in Switzerland at the time. I stood that they waste their lives. The solution lies

and whose remains were never found. December day in the railroad station in implementing the transcendent

I read the words chiseled in stone, in Bern. At eleven o'clock in the teachings of the Son of God, who more

"Comrades in arms whose resting place morning every church bell in Switzerthan any other that ever walked the is known only to God."land began to ring, and at the concluearth gave dignity and worth to the

I walked the quiet corridor and saw sion of that ringing every vehicle individual. He declared us each to be

among the multitude of names that stopped—every car on the highway, a child of the living God, endowed

74 Improvement Era with a divine birthright, capable of time? The world never needed more This is Easter. This is the season

eternal achievement. Who, I ask, posurgently the power of his example; when we commemorate the most imsessed of such conviction, would seek the world never needed more desperportant event in human history. Milrelief in the euphoria of debilitating ately the vitality of his teachings. lions upon millions through the ages

drugs? There is a better way to improve Our young friends of the psychedelic have testified through the goodness of

the world, to ease suffering, to encrowd clamor for love as the solution their lives and the strength of their hance the quality of man's life. to the world's problems. Their exprescourage of the reality of that event.

A wise man once declared that every sion may sound genuine, but their coin To these testimonies we add our witgreat institution is but the lengthened is counterfeit. Too often the love of ness that we know that he was the Son

shadow of a great man or woman. which they speak is at best only hollow of God, born in Bethlehem of Judea,

As an instance, who can discount mummery; at worst it deteriorates into who walked the earth as the promised

the tremendous good accomplished by a lascivious eroticism. On the other Messiah, who was lifted up upon the

the Red Cross? Behind this vast interhand, the love of Jesus was a thing of cross, who gave his life as an atoning

national organization stands the frail courage so much needed in our time. sacrifice for the sins of mankind, our

figure of the Christinspired English It was the love that embraced all men Savior, our Redeemer, the one sure girl, Florence Nightingale, who walked as the children of God; it was the love hope of mankind, the Resurrection and

among the deathhaunted hospital that turned the other cheek; it was the Life.

wards of the Crimea bringing cleanlithe love spoken from the cross in God bless us with increased faith in ness, comfort, and hope and cheer to undying words, "Father, forgive them; these great truths, I humbly pray in

thousands of suffering men? for they know not what they do."his holy name, even the name of Jesus

Is there relevancy in Jesus for our (Luke 23:34.) Christ. Amen.

The Dangers

of the Socalled Sex Revolution

Elder Mark E. Petersen

Of the Council of the Twelve

We Latterday Saints believe in the It is this awesome fact that should As people change their standards of

Lord Jesus Christ, who died for us all frighten at least the Christian world right and wrong, they begin to supand was raised the third day afterinto a realization that we are being pose that what was sin a generation ward, in a physical, bodily resurhurled into an abyss of moral degraago is no longer so, that standards are rection. We believe that he has given dation. relative things that may be altered at

us a way of life that will bring joy and The socalled sex revolution is dewill through usage and desire, and happiness to all who truly follow him. stroying us. that oldfashioned goodness now has

But without obedience to his laws, In a recent edition of the Sacramento turned into priggishness.

we cannot hope to receive his blessings. Union, an editorial warned that the Many actually seem to think that

I wish at this time to refer to one stench of moral decay has become the popular trend is what determines of his divine statutes, which is binding intolerable. It called for a reestablishright or wrong, and that moral values

upon all mankind, but which is widely ment of the divine code of chastity change with public sentiment.

disregarded. It is that pertaining to before everything is lost. A mother recently wrote to a mediour moral conduct. The Chicago Tribune recently recal doctor who conducts a newspaper

Humanity will rise or fall through ported that venereal infection is now column and asked whether she should its attitude toward the law of chastity. the nation's leading communicable provide her daughter with a supply of

If the world will honor virtue, it can disease, which is another index to the "the pill"as she left to attend a boardexpect to receive God's blessings; but extent of our moral breakdown. Three ing school. In writing to the doctor, the

if it persists in the practice of sodomy, thousand new cases of this dreadful mother said:

adultery, and other perversions, it can plague are contracted in America every "Personally I don't approve of sexual expect only destruction, for the wage day, more than half of them among relations outside of marriage, but I of sin is death. teenagers. wonder if I should be realistic and

Text continues on page 78

June 1969 75

By Harry Anderson

"Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brothei casting a net into the sea: for they were

fishers. "And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men."

(Mark 1:1617)

supply my daughter with birth control instruction can transform it into a our declining morals comes from Vietpills, just in case."course in youthful sex experimentation. nam. Each week we count our war

Can any mother in her right mind The experience of some European casualties. They are listed as killed,

take such a position? Has the writer countries clearly confirms the fact that wounded, and missing. These reports

of this letter never taught her daughter public sex education increases promisare most sobering, and wring the the Lord's law of chastity? Why does cuity, and as promiscuity is multiplied, hearts of loved ones who had hoped

she dread pregnancy but apparently venereal disease spreads like wildfire. so fervently that such a loss would

have no great aversion to her daughIn all fairness to the children, we never come to them.

ter's loss of virtue? must not teach them the mechanics But there are other casualties that

Was this girl never taught about her of reproduction without also emphaare seldom mentioned, casualities bodily functions in the sanctity of a sizing to them the safeguard that the which should stagger this nation and good home? Almighty has placed about it, that is, compel every man who enters the

All children need to be taught the that the use of sex is to be confined service to pause and consider their facts of life, but where that teaching is completely and exclusively within the causes and consequences.

to be given has become a source of bonds of sacred marriage. No free sex These casualties are not the flower

great controversy. Should it be prois permitted by him. In his law, of America, shot down in defense of

vided publicly or in the privacy of the promiscuity is adulterous. our flag. They are innocent babies

home? The whole point of sex education born as the offspring of adulterous

Is it wise to give it openly in such will be missed unless we teach chastity relationships between some of our a way as to create a desire for corrupas a major part of it. soldiers and the women of the Orient.

tion? God made sex, but not for enterMedical men warn of the skyrocketIs it to be merged with the socalled tainment. It was provided for a diing rise of venereal disease in our

sex revolution that already has brought vinely appointed act of creation in armed forces, and it is certainly someabout the greatest moral decline in which we, to this extent, become cothing to fear. But what of the innocent

our age, with a plague of social disease creators with him. children born from illicit relationships?

in its wake? Or can it more properly If we fail to teach this, we defeat No one knows exactly how many of

be used to teach a nation chastity and the whole purpose of sex education. these children are now living in Vietsobriety? When schools are prevented from nam. The figure may run well beyond

Have you ever asked yourselves why teaching anything of a spiritual nature, the 50,000 mark. In Japan there are

this sudden urge to teach sex in a they are thereby disqualified from more than 20,000 mixedbloods fapublic way? Is someone afraid that the teaching sex at all, for in its very nathered by U.S. servicemen. Other

rising generation will not know how ture, sex is spiritual and inseparably thousands of such illegitimates are in to reproduce itself, and that the race connected with the creative work of Thailand, Korea, and Taiwan.

thereby may die out? God. Nearly all have been abandoned by

How is it that we ourselves were We are not animals, to dwell only their fathers, who sought momentary brought into existence? Our parents in a physical world. We are the offthrills, as they supposed, by cohabiting

received none of this kind of teachspring of God, learning in this life to with Oriental women, not thinking ing when they went to school. become like him. that their own flesh and blood—born Think of the hundreds of generaHe decreed that human beings never of these illicit unions—would become

tions that have preceded us on the shall indulge in sex outside of holy abandoned orphans, shunned by nearly earth. Is it by some great miracle that matrimony, which he himself instiall who see them. In Vietnam these

they ever saw the light of day, since tuted. This is his definition of chastity. unfortunates roam the streets, unmany of their parents never went to This is what he requires of every man wanted, uncared for, begging for a

any kind of school, public or otherand every woman. living.

wise, and certainly had none of the That is why, on the fiery slopes of It is said that one in every ten Amerinstruction now being proposed? Mt. Sinai, he declared: "Thou shalt ican soldiers fathers a child by an

, And what of those people who are not commit adultery."(Exod. 20:14.) Asian woman.

concerned about overpopulation? They That is why, in his Sermon on the Who has the right to beget illegitithink we will run out of food if we do Mount, the Savior taught that anyone mate children?

not control the birth rate. We may who even looks upon another with Who has the right to take the virtue

yet need a toplevel conference of the lust has committed adultery in his of an Asian or any other girl, or to advocates of sex education and the proheart. lose his own?

ponents of birth control to see whether Sex education belongs in the home, Which American—at home or

we shall become extinct because they where parents can teach chastity in a abroad—has the right to abandon his

think too few people know how to respiritual environment as they reveal own flesh and blood and forget that produce themselves, or whether we the facts of life to their children. There, his illegitimate child ever existed?

shall starve to death because too many in all plainness, the youngsters can be Can the God of heaven, who holds people know how to reproduce themtaught that procreation is part of the us all accountable for our sins, overselves. creative work of God and that, therelook this wickedness?

Who is competent to give wholesome fore, the act of replenishing the earth Of what good are national days of sex instruction to our children withmust be kept on the high plane of prayer if we do not support our prayers out creating lust in their minds? personal purity that God provides, free by our good works? Will God

I would like to say, with all the from all forms of perversion. strengthen the arms of fighting men

emphasis at my command, that the Unskilled parents can learn to teach who desecrate his most holy laws? Will

proper teaching of sex requires also their children properly. In fact, God he prosper a nation that apparently

the teaching of complete chastity, commands it, and who are we to discondones these illicit practices and whether that instruction is given in obey? Why do some attempt to superdoes little more than provide prophythe home, the school, or the church. sede the parents instead of teaching lactics to men who indulge?

To do otherwise is nothing less than them how to fulfill their responsibility? Are these fathers so lacking in natusuicidal. To ignore chastity in such Another evidence of the effect of ral affection that they are willing to

78 Improvement Era compctely forget and ignore their own things. Therefore, in their selfishness will forever stand as an immutable

offspring in a foreign land? they reject or ignore God. law to all human beings. This generaWe sing, almost tearfully at times, To the true realist, God is a signifition may rationalize itself into com-

"God Bless America."But we are alcant presence who guides the ultimate plete intoxication with sin and proclaim

most constrained to ask: How can he? destiny of the world. But let us never to high heaven that it is oldfashioned

The venereal disease rate in our war forget that one of his most basic laws to be clean, but it will yet wake up to areas is frightening in the extreme. We concerns morality. the stern reality that God does not

welcome our boys home as conquerThat law is irrevocable and inescapchange and that the moral laws are his ing heroes, but some of them bring able and applies to all, whether we and not man's to shift with every back a plague of venereal disease, believe in God or not. Everyone is whim.

which can destroy them. subject to its penalties, no matter how Adultery is still next to murder in

Venereal disease is a killer. It also they may try to ignore them. The wage the Lord's category of crime.

maims, causes heart trouble, insanity, of sin is death—even to the unbeliever! Homosexuality was made a capital

and blindness. It destroys homes, Immorality is next to murder in crime in the Bible.

spreads corruption to innocent wives, God's category of crime, and always It was the Almighty who decreed and blights the lives of helpless brings in its wake both destruction that men and women must cover their children. Some people justify their and remorse, even to college students nakedness by wearing proper and

immorality by saying that restrictions who carry the pill with a mother's modest clothing.

against it are merely religious rules consent. No amount of rationalizing can

that have no meaning any longer beThis nation was built upon a fundachange God's laws. No amount of

cause there really isn't any God. tion of morality and spirituality. It is fashion designing can turn immodesty

Thoughtful people now recognize the just possible that a rejection of these into virtue, and no amount of popuexistence of Deity more than ever bebasic factors may bring about its fall. larity can change sin into righteousness.

fore. Persons of genuine intellect, the It was so with Greece and Rome. It Once again we Latterday Saints aftrue researchers, the great philosophers, can happen to us unless we repent. firm the reality of the existence of

and the outstanding educators not only Every one of us would do well to Jesus Christ. Once again, as his humacknowledge him, but they also worremember that the "mills of the Gods ble servants, we define his law of

ship him. grind slowly, but they grind exceedpersonal purity, and solemnly declare

It is the selfish element in the world ing small."No one can flout the divine that sex sin is an abomination in the

that no longer accepts Deity. And law with impunity. sight of God.

why? Because they do not want to be Every rightthinking person should No one on earth can ever cancel the

interrupted in their ingrown pursuits be willing even to die if necessary in divine command that says, "Thou shalt and are so involved in their personal defense of virtue, whether that death not commit adultery."

desires, passions, appetites, and lusts be physical or social. To this I humbly testify in the name

that they have no room left for sacred "Thou shalt not commit adultery"of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Saturday afternoon session, April 5, 1969

it ii sKJKsKsi fill IV/lf58 SmfSjr* I fw

Elder Richard L. Evans

Of the Council of the Twelve

The hallowed singing of these lambs to His fold, That I might have seen, His kind look said,children's voices suggests the words of I should when He like to have been with Him little 'Let the then. ones come unto Me.'"another song:

—Jemima Luke

"I think, when I read that sweet story "I wish that His hands had been of old, placed on my head, With our minds turned to our

When Jesus was here among men, That his arms had been thrown around Savior, one of his most sobering sayHow he called little children like me, ings comes to mind:

June 1969 79 "And Jesus called a little child unto decency would not patronize anything not be established without morality, him, and set him in the midst of them, that tends to lower people's lives or lead nor morality without faith."

"And said, Verily I say unto you, their minds down to the cheap or "... honest men and wise men

Except ye be converted, and become as trashy or harmful or suggestive side. should be sought for diligently, and

little children, ye shall not enter into Quite apart from the personal effect good men and wise men ye should obthe kingdom of heaven. on the one who partakes of a harmful serve to uphold..."(D&C 98:10)—

"Whosoever therefore shall humble product, or who witnesses an immoral and this would seem to suggest that himself as this little child, the same or suggestive or obscene picture or play qualified and able and courageous is greatest in the kingdom of heaven. (through whatever medium it may be people should prepare themselves and

"But whoso shall offend one of these presented), we well would remember make themselves available for public little ones which believe in me, it were that whenever we patronize an immoral and civic service, and not be indifferent better for him that a millstone were or unclean performance, or use a harmor complacent or resigned to sitting hanged about his neck, and that he ful or unwholesome product, we are on the sidelines. Even at personal

were drowned in the depth of the sea. helping to make evil profitable. Whatsacrifice there ought to be a sufficient

"Woe unto the world because of ever other motives there may be, imnumber who will make themselves offences! for it must needs be that moral entertainment or unwholesome available for public service.

offences come; but woe to that man by products are produced to make money. Now what of our obligations as

whom the offence cometh!"(Matt. And as a people, as parents, as citizens parents? We cannot safely leave the

18:2-4, 6-7.) of a great, beloved land, we ought to be teaching and molding of our children

The innocence with which children committed to the principle of not makto chance. We cannot altogether count

come into the world is one of the aweing evil profitable. The more profiton others to teach our children. The

some responsibilities of all who, in any able it is, the more evil will be offered. first responsibility is ours. We must

way, influence their lives. And to see One might well wonder about the build our own internal strength.

such unstained innocence neglected or term "adult entertainment."Could it There is more and more evidence

abused, or exposed to evil or unwholebe that something unclean or immoral that the basic attitudes and capacity some influence, or warped by bad which is not fit for children is wholeand character of children are molded at example, or by false teaching—or by some for adults? Is "adult evil"ac- a very early age. "No curious scientist,"failure to teach—is a sobering concern. ceptable? How consistent is it to have said an eminent authority, "ever had

There are many who have responsi- a double standard? as great curiosity as a youngster from

bility for teaching children: parents, Or how would anyone be so shorteighteen months to three years of age,"

teachers, friends, anyone who in any sighted as to partake of that which all of which confirms the importance way enters their lives, including the would impair his physical or mental or of implanting the truths of life early makers and promoters of products, of spiritual capacity, and say to himself. and always.

policies; creators of entertainment, and "It's not good for children, but it's all "My life is my message,"said

the whole community, publicly and right for me"? Mahatma Gandhi. It is so with each

privately. And children in their innoIf the content of a magazine encourof us. The impressions of what we are

cence have a right to be protected from ages loose morals and lowmindedness and do and feel and believe and live exploitation and from evil influence. and permissive, degrading attitudes and and teach are carried over to our

As to teachers, the following is cited practices, should we buy it? Should we children.

from a significant source: "The perread it? Should we have it around the If we depart from principles, may

sonal influence of the teacher, in moldhome? we reasonably expect our children not

ing the character of the pupils, is the If a book is filthy, should we buy it? to depart?

most important element in their educaShould we read it? "... books,"said Many a parent who has criticized

tion.... In morals, a teacher cannot Thomas Carlyle, "are like men's souls."sacred things or principles he should

teach what he is not. If he talks what (Inaugural Address, Edinburgh, 1866.) support wonders why his children later

he is not, it were better not said, for Should we keep a television or radio depart further from principles.

his life talks more forcibly and is sooner presentation exposed to viewing or lisThose who follow bad examples believed, both by children and adults."tening if it is one of crudeness or don't always know where to stop, and

(W. M. Welch, How to Organize, brutish violence or indecent suggestion parents who indulge themselves "in

Classify and Teach a Country School.)—or even if it is simply trashy or moderation"may have children who

Always we must remember that the trivial? indulge themselves to excess.

teacher teaches himself. As Henry "Unless virtue guide us,"said WilThere should be no double standard.

Adams said it: "A teacher affects eterliam Penn, "... our choice must be Constantly others are learning from us.

nity; he can never tell where his wrong."(Some Fruits of Solitude: feeling from us, reasoning their course

influence stops."(The Education of Temporal Happiness.) of conduct from our course of conduct.

Henry Adams, ch. 20.) The commandments of God have not And if we get a little over the line,

People who speak of their private been repealed. The laws of cause and our children, our young people, may

lives as a thing apart from their proconsequence are still in force. get a long way over the line.

fessions would well remember this The creators of community influence Within the week I have read this sentence from Stanford University's Dr. and environment and example—which comment from a neighboring country: David Starr Jordan: "There is no real is all of us—would well remember the "It is not the policeman's responsibility

excellence in all this world,"he said, words of our Savior concerning whoso-... to substitute for the family. Respect

"which can be separated from right ever "shall offend one of these little for law,... begins with respect for

living."(The University and the Comones"—or older ones—or whosoever parents... respect for the rights and

mon Man.) devotes his life to the production or privacy of brothers and sisters and of

Now a comment on another question promotion or support of mindcorrod- playmates."(The Royal Bank of Canthat concerns the whole community: It ing, souldestroying evil in any of its ada Monthly Letter, January and

would be well if young people, parents, forms. March, 1969.)

and all others who are concerned with "Liberty,"said Horace Greeley, "can- "Law itself,"said Samuel Smiles,

80 Improvement Era..

Are you looking for a GROUND FLOOR OPPORTUNITY?

Let Me Tell You About a Fantastic

Selling Market! A Product that is

Needed and Wanted in Virtually every /p*-"-**--* Home in America!

MAKE FAMILY HOME EVENINGS COME ALIVE! READY TO SERVE YOU..

Millions of families are deeply worried over today's eroding influences on the home... the temptations and conflicts besetting family members. The Family Achievement Institute

has a dramatic appeal and a valid promise for these families.

The Family Achievement Institute is a family program with continuing benefits to help each member of the family reach specific goals. Goals that relate to homemaking, family togetherness, raising children, bridging the communication gap

between parents and teenagers, building a mutual sense of understanding and respect. AND THE FAI PROGRAM IS

INTERESTING AND FUN FOR THE ENTIRE FAMILY!

FAI. REALLY WORKS..

DANNY THOMAS MARILYN VAN DERBUR PAT BOONE

Mrs. Joan P. Fisher

of Salt Lake City

at home with family A TERRIFIC FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITY enjoying the involvment materials of AND OUTSTANDING SPONSORSHIP!

Family Achievement Institute. Become an exclusive distributor of America's newest family

oriented Achievement Program. A series of recordings narrated

exclusively for F.A.I, by Art Linkletter, Pat Boone, Norman

"... we are on our way to some exciting experiences as a family through family

Vincent Peale, Bob Richards and other internationally known endeavor to better ourselves and build a better family unit at the same time."

personalities. Methods and techniques skillfully recorded to

create satisfying and happy homes. Enthusiastically endorsed

the world over. per month by families A return of $16,320

Alice Buehner Mrs.

fully of Investment $3,000. from an investment on "Forpossible of Salt Lake City

mer Mrs. America"secured by inventory. Complete training covering all facets

and family attest to of this profitable business provided by home office staff.

the Value of F.A.I,

recordings. WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU?

PRESTIGE FULFILLMENT SECURITY "... At last! My children can hear the important principles that my husband GREAT FINANCIAL OPPORTUNITY

and I believe in so strongly from people they admire other than their parents."EXCLUSIVE AREAS FROM $3,000

INTERNATIONAL FRANCHISE DIRECTOR

THIS IS YOUR GROUND FLOOR OPPORFamily Achievement Institute, Inc.

TUNITY! FINANCIAL SUCCESS CAN BE NorthP.O. BoxSalt182Lake, Utah 84054

YOURS WITH AN FAI FRANCHISE! Please Air Mail me the exciting information about the fabulous

Inquires invited from qualified men and women opportunities with Family Achievement Institute membership interested in a rare opportunity. FAI wants you program franchise.

on its team today! Name.

"The Greatest Service and Selling Opportunity of Phone (Area Code).

a Lifetime."

ACT TODAY! AddressCity..State..Zip.

June 1969 81 "is but the reflex of homes."eyes of a child are upon us. And so "The child's grief throbs against its

This wodd will be no better than its often we underestimate their underlittle heart as heavily as the man's homes. This country, this community, standing. Children have a way of sorrow,"said Edwin Chapin.

this church, will be no better than the seeing inside. And our teaching must "I love these little people,"said

strength and effectiveness of our homes be more than talking. "[Boys] know Charles Dickens, "and it is not a slight

and families. truth from counterfeit as quick as the thing, when they, who are so fresh

Example and love and sheer goodness chemist does,"said Emerson. "They from God, love us."

of life do more for children than can detect weakness in your eye and be- "Be ever gentle with the children be calculated. havior... before you open your God has given you,"pleaded Elihu

The integrity and effectiveness and mouth...."(Emerson, Compensation.) Burritt. "Watch over them constantly;

affection of the home and family are Don't try to hide your heart from a reprove them earnestly, but not in first. child. They come here clean and sweet anger."

In a wellknown work, Dostoevsky and teachable, from the Father of us "The first duty to children is to had this to say: "The soul is healed all. Innocent they come, and innocent make them happy.—If you have not

by being with children."they are, until environment or example made them so, you have wronged

Healed, yes—and also searched. Peris otherwise. them.—No other good they may get can

haps we are never more open to One can scarcely conceive of corrupmake up for that."(Charles Buxton,

penetrating scrutiny than when the tion or cruelty to children. English author.)

To quote a sentence from Arnold

Glasow:children—is"Theyourbesttime."thing to spend on

We need more mothers at home and fathers. We need more faithful

evenings—more Richard L. Evans observanceunity and faithfulnessof home in marriage, and

devotion to duty, and happiness at

The Spoken Word home.We need to feed the minds of our

children when they are most receptive.

We need to give them happy, wholesome memories.

Sometimes when you have said something to a child you didn't intend age, the old, say, or question of life, to at whatever severe or the were than more youngWhether for, situation called have gone you ever its lingerssometimes everlastingness always of of its length, insistently, sometimes suppressed. But the question becomes whenback andhe lookedwas asleep,at thatandsamefeltyoungsterterribly

acute when someone close to us, or someone cherished or admired or humble and terribly small? And, with

loved by us, leaves this life. And through the lingering thoughts, and a little extra moisture in your eyes, have

uttered a that fervent ever prayer sometimes shadowing of doubts, of loneliness, of deep and yearning you of parent kind be the would you you desire, comes the renewal of assurance that life is everlastingfor ourought to be?

selves, and for our loved ones—and the evidence is overwhelming for O how sweetly, how often we have

the reality of eternal continuance. "Let us accustom ourselves,"wrote heard them sing:

Maurice Maeterlinck, "to regard death as a form of life which we do "I am a child of God, here, sent has And He me.. into an departure... a unknown but understand.. Death is not yet

given an earthly Has home me

. the as beyond to "our future promises. filled.."And wonderful with parents dear. kind and With

grave, it is in no way necessary that we should have an answer to every- "Lead me, guide me, walk beside me, thing.... Total annihilation is impossible.... Neither a body nor a Help me find the way.

I must do thought can drop out of the universe, out of time and space... for ToTeachlivemewithallHimthat someday."

there is no place where anything ceases to be.... To be able to do away—Naomi W. Randall

with a thingthat is to say, to fling it into nothingnessnothingness Parents, learn the gospel; live it. Be

would have to exist; and, if it exist, under whatever form, it is no longer a living sermon in the home. Take time

nothingness...,"J There is no such thing as nothingness. "There is no for your children. What better can

such thing as immaterial matter."2 As we continue, so do loved ones, you"...takeI havetime commandedfor? you to bring

so do principles, so do eternal purposes. And so, as we consider life up your children in light and truth."

and death, and the reality of resurrection, we turn our thoughts to Him (D&C 93:40.)

parent, every every Let teacher—and use us. life death. from we May redeemed and way of showed the who all so truly that of one no us—teach

is of all there of live best the to realize to of time this moment ever, should taught can have we life whom with loved ones, through the endless opportunities of eternity. here or hereafter, accusingly say, "Why

didn't you teach me? Why didn't you

'Maurice Maeterlinck, writing in "Everybody's Magazine,"July 1911. tell me?"

2D&C 131:7. "They are idols of hearts and of house-

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, preholds;

sented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System March 30, 1969. Copyright 1969. They are angels of God in disguise;

82 Improvement Era "... may the peace of God rest uponThe sunlight still sleeps in their tresses,—Charles M. Dickinson, The Children

His glory still gleams in their eyes; May heaven help us to help all you, and upon your houses and lands,

These truants from home and from children, our own and others, worldand upon your flocks and herds, and

Heaven, wide, to be loved, to be fed, to be all that you possess, your women and

They have made me more manly and taught, to be close to our hearts, and your children, according to your faith mild; to be uncorrupted, unoffended, to have and good works, from this time forth

And I know now how Jesus could liken happiness and faith and hope. and forever."(Al. 7:27.)

The kingdom of God to a child."In the wonderful words of Alma: I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

# 1 If W%JLjf a 31 f f I f Vjf If'Cf f I W \jF\i\A m wV/l Mm—i f

President S. Dilworth Young

Of the First Council of the Seventy

Many years ago in our town we were at the rate of 186,000 miles per second I created; and I also created them for

given by a generous man a fourinch takes thousands of light years to reach mine own purpose; and by the Son I

reflector telescope for the boys of our us. We cannot conceive of that, even created them, which is mine Only Becommunity. The first night we tried it though we can understand the mathegotten."(Moses 1:3233.)

out we managed to focus on the moon. matical formula it represents on paper. The Lord Jesus Christ was not only

In a sense it was a new revelation to Then, just as we read that the limits the Redeemer but also the Creator.

see the moon in three dimensions. But may have been reached, it is learned Paul understood this, for he said:

the emotional thrill we experienced as that there are uncountable island "For by him were all things created, we gazed on the physical features of universes—not just stars, but whole that are in heaven, and that are in

the satellite was as nothing compared universes—still farther away, their diearth,/isible and invisible, whether

to the effect on us when we were able ameters thousands of millions of miles they be thrones, or dominions, or to focus on Jupiter. There, hanging in across, yet so distant that they are but principalities, or powers: all things

the heavens, was the planet about the points of light in the telescope. were created by him, and for him:

size of a baseball, and there, too, were Anyone who contemplates this mighty "And he is before all things, and by four smaller Jupiters about the size of spectacle of the skies and realizes its him all things consist."(Col. 1:1617.)

marbles. They resembled the celestial perfect order cannot fail to know that The Lord himself declared it to the

exhibit in our school laboratory, except it must be controlled by an intelligence ancient Nephites:

that they looked real—and they were greater than he can imagine. "Behold, I am Jesus Christ the Son

real. There they were rushing through And this brings one to the worship of God. I created the heavens and the

empty space at immense speed, but of the Father of us all and his Son, earth, and all things that in them are.

always falling in a circle around the the Lord Jesus Christ. We do not I was with the Father from the beginsun. know the means by which the worlds ning. I am in the Father, and the

Space? We do not grasp its meaning! are brought into being, live out their Father in me; and in me hath the

Endless? We do not conceive what it destiny, and are destroyed, although Father glorified his name."(3 Ne.

means, either. there are theories about it. But that 9:15.)

By the Spirit of Christ, which is they are created and controlled by the With awe we contemplate the peravailable to all men, imaginative men power of faith and priesthood is amply fection of this Firstborn of God, his have had inspiration given them to stated by the revealed word of God. power, his glory. Ours is more than the

theorize, to measure, to reach out, to Hear the witness of their Creator, for simple act of worship as an end. We

prove, to move on, until they have it is God who speaks: testify that his purpose and mission are

reached so far out into space that it is "And by the word of my power, have to make it possible for us to come into difficult to describe what has been I created them, which is mine Only his presence, be like him, and share discovered by words that convey meanBegotten Son, who is full of grace and his honor and his glory forever. He

ing to us. They have found that light truth. said, "... this is my work and my

from a distant cluster of stars traveling "And worlds without number have glory—to bring to pass the immortality

June 1969 83 and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) plan is very simple and very grand: Most of these commandments are

An earthly father shows his love for 1. Accept the Lord Jesus Christ as guides to our relationship with our

his children by giving them all the our Savior and believe on his holy fellowmen. One does not need to look

earthly advantage within his power. name and repent of our sins. at the stars with mathematical mind

How much greater is the love of the 2. Accept the ordinance of baptism, to become a son of God and to particiChrist, who becomes our Father by our at the hands of the priesthood of God, pate in these great creations; he needs

acceptance of his offer to us not only as a covenant with him. Baptism is to be kind to his neighbor. He does

of earthly development but also of symbolic of his death and resurrection. not need to visit the moon; he needs

salvation, exaltation, and eternal lives. 3. Receive the gift of the Holy to tell the truth, be honest, and be

In the gospel of Christ he offers us the Ghost by those he has authorized to honorable. He does not need to fly

opportunity to become not just gazers give it. to Venus in a spacecraft; he needs to

into the wonders of the heavens, but 4. Receive and honor the holy visit the widow and orphan in their

creators of them. We sing unto heaven priesthood. affliction (as James pointed out). He

paeans of joy for our opportunity. The 5. Keep his simple commandments. does not need to count the rings of

Saturn; he needs to honor his father

and his mother, render them obedience in his youth, and respect and succor in their old age. He does not need

to plumb the milky way; he needs to

support the organized Church and its

Richard L. Evans priesthood. He does not need to analyze

an island universe; he needs to love

The Spoken Word themind,Lordandhisstrength,God withand allseekhistomight,learn his ways.

acts, sins, evil his of as a son and live On being a good sport In a word, he needs to repent of his live, first his putting in would God life the first and second commandNot—orinfrequentlysomething weelsehearthatthemeansphrase,the "Comesame thing.on, beIt aisgoodsometimessport"ments,one'sI listenedfellows,which toandhavePresidentespeciallyto do withGeorgethe lovingLord.F.

used as an inducement to persuade people to participate in Richards [of the Council of the wholesome purposes—for talking people into doing things they should Twelve] one time as he told of a

do; and sometimes for unwholesome purposes—for talking people into dream.Savior. ThereIn the camedreamto hehimsawat thethe

doing things they shouldn't do. It is the latter misuse of persuasion moment of that seeing such a feeling

that we would, for a moment, turn to. As misery loves company, so do of love, he could not describe it. It

said that him, and he heother conditions also; and people often try to tempt people to do what overpowered

if that that love was made up his mind others do, to be what others are, even if it means pulling them down of Christ, he was going to do all he to a lower level. Why anyone would try to pull other people down is could to keep it all his life and through

one of the mysteries of human nature, but in truth it must be said that all eternity. We need to love the

too.it is often so. Often peopleare pressured to partake of things that would Lord vital requirement, often over- A

lower their resistance, impair their judgment, damage their minds, and, looked, is that a man be sealed in much worse, their souls, by the persuasive appeal to "be a good sport."eternal marriage to a woman who has

as to desire does he be exalted. the sameSometimes girls are dared or induced to partake of or to do that which

love, praclive in together then They leads to loss of virtue, by persistent, insidious persuasion. Boys are ticing in the home with the children,

often dared to lawless, irresponsible, unwise, or immoral acts—joining and with each other, the love, charity,

a reckless crowd, risking their records, risking the whole future before longsuffering, kindness, virtues, and them—by the wheedling or even threatening phrase, "Come on, be a becomeactions ofsonseternalof God.beingsTheirswhois expectnot justto

good sport,"or something else that means the same. How it is that an earthly paradise, but it is truly the

doing something dangerous or damaging or degrading is supposed to beginning of exalted eternal life.

make a person "a good sport"is never quite clear. Why should anyone of Youour andFatherI willbynotwaitingwin theuntilmansionsafter

think that anyone else should lower his standards, clutter his record, we leave this life, but rather each compromise his life to prove he is a socalled good sport? To do so degree of glory is anchored to our acwould be sheer stupidity. Perhaps we should reverse the process. Pertions on the earth. Eternal life begins

haps we should say this to those who endeavor to induce others to do whenby the aLord'scoupleauthority.is sealed Inin theirmarriagelives

what they shouldn't do: "Be a good sport, and don't try to dare or together they are given a taste of etertempt other people to do something for which they will surely be sorry. nal life—or, if they ignore righteous

the of principles, hell a taste whichBe a good sport, and don't try to pull other people down to a lower if strive not they do can await them level."to practice the principles of eternal

#"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, prelife here.

sented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System March 23, 1969. Copyright 1969. Remarkably, when these acts are

84 Improvement Era accepted as a course of action by anyof help, but by such simple acts as No wonder that we bow in worshipone, new life comes into him. He has being kind to and honest with all ful praise and adoration! No wonder

peace in his heart and gladness in his people. By obeying the first princithat the name of Jesus Christ is used

soul, while the sweet whispering of the ples and ordinances, one places himonly in adoration and love!

Spirit gives him a taste of what is in self in. harmony with eternal teachings All glory to the Lord God. He restore for him. that will lead him to the presence of vealed himself to Joseph Smith and

When will he reach the goal? Not the Creator, and from him he will pointed the way, giving to Joseph the

in this life, although he may have a learn to take part in the acts of creation. keys of the kingdom in this the disforetaste of its magnitude in this life. We understand that these wondrous pensation of the fulness of times. With

But he lays the foundation of character accomplishments will not come withthose keys operative today, through and love in this life upon which his out work. We know we must learn President David O. McKay, we may

eternal being is constructed. He is all we can of the truth of things in enter at the strait gate which leadeth

watched by the angels. His record of this life, and that we shall have to to life eternal, and may become among

accomplishment toward the goal is conquer eternal physics, eternal chemthe few who find it. I bear witness

recorded, and his reward is sure. istry, eternal biology, and all eternal with words of soberness to the truth

It is wondrous to know that the most arts to give eternal science beauty. of our eternal destiny in the kingdom

magnificentduplicated—notof God'sby technicalcreations mayknowlbe Butteaching,our LordandandtheMastertruth willwillguidebe thethe ofandheaven.worthy I ofpraythesewe blessings,may be alertin theto

edge gained here, although this may be text. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Service: the Heart of the Gospel

Elder Eldred G. Smith

Patriarch to the Church

As we celebrate this Easter season, He answered, saying: "Hear ye therefruit or produce an hundredfold, some

we remember the promise of the Lord fore the parable of the sower."(Matt. sixty, some thirty.

and Savior Jesus Christ: 13:18.) He then told of the seed that This means, then, that mere mem-

"... I am the resurrection, and the fell by the wayside and in stony places bership alone is not enough—no, not

life: he that believeth in me, though and among the thorns. In each case, even if you have a testimony of the

he were dead, yet shall he live."(John all became unproductive. divinity of the gospel—if you are not

11:25.) "But he that received seed into the producing or bearing fruit. Speaking

With the assurance of this great good ground,"said he, "is he that of those who receive the word, which promise, obedience to eternal law heareth the word, and understandeth it; means those who are members of the

should be a joy, not a burden, and give which also beareth fruit, and bringeth Church, some produced one hundredeach the incentive to not just be pasforth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, fold, some sixty, some thirty. In

sive members of the Church but to be some thirty."(Matt. 13:23.) which category are you? Where do you

diligent in trying to further advance We frequently refer to this parable find yourself? Are you producing? To

his kingdom on the earth. in reference to missionary work. The what degree are you producing? What

The Savior, speaking in parable, told gospel is preached to many, and to does it mean to produce?

the story of the sower: how some seeds each the same is taught. The seed is Are you doing anything to teach

fell by the wayside, some upon stony the same—the same quality, the same someone else the gospel, if this is

abilities thorns.places, opportunities persons he strength, your some and some Then among where same va4ue—yet

fell into abilities that the seedtold of "good slowly, accept quickly, your opportunilie, or are and some more some ground, and brought forth fruit, some not at all. Some fall away and leave ties elsewhere? Are you doing your

an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some the Church, as the parable declares. share in family research, temple work,

thirtyfold."(Matt. 13:8.) Some remain steadfast to the truth. teaching a class, or some other activity?

"... his disciples asked him, saying, Then the Lord describes those who Are you doing something to be of

What might this parable be?"(Luke are as the seed sown in good ground. service to someone else? Are you one

8:9.) Speaking of these he said some bear who is tottering on the fence, staying

June 1969 85 away from church activities, not growis how we fulfill the advice of Presiall nations: and he shall separate

ing in spirituality? dent David O. McKay when he said, them one from another, as a shepherd

Have you become stagnant in priest- "Every member a missionary."Live so divideth his sheep from the goats:

hood advancement? Are you an adult your life reflects the blessings of the "And he shall set the sheep on his

but have not yet received the Melgospel. Obedience to eternal law is right hand, but the goats on the left.

chizedek Priesthood or temple blessto produce, to serve, to work. "Then shall the King say unto them

ings? Are you working toward that In another parable, the Savior gives on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of

end? What is producing? us the answer to how we bear fruit my Father, inherit the kingdom preProducing means, first, preparing and become productive. pared for you from the foundation of

yourself, then helping someone else. "When the Son of man shall come the world:

You cannot wait until you are perfect in his glory, and all the holy angels "For I was an hungred, and ye gave before you teach or assist someone with him, then shall he sit upon the me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave

else, but should pass on to others all throne of his glory: me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took

you receive, as you receive it. This "And before him shall be gathered me in:

"Naked, and ye clothed me: I was

sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison,

and ye came unto me.

"Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee

Richard L. Evans anand hungred,gave theeanddrink?fed thee? or thirsty,

"When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed The Spoken Word thee?

"Or when saw we thee sick, or in

Tomorrow morning prison,"And andthe cameKing shallunto thee?answer and say

unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inas of it unto ye have done one asmuch Erskine, a of said path/'primrose sometimes speak John we least these of brethren, ye have the myThough is life full just as difficult, just as of ob- "we all that a bad know it 25:3140.) unto me."(Matt. done

stacles and hardships, as a good one.... The only choice is in the Here the Lord has mentioned the

kind of life one would care to speed one's efforts on."1 This is reminisnecessities of life—food, shelter, and

to visit the said clothing. he Then

said, cent rain falls our Savior that the somewhat of what on "the to imprisoned. This or the just sick means

said easily the unjust."2 "Alas!"on and to Macdonald, George "how encouragement comfort give and

things go wrong...."3 And they do. Life is difficult at times for all those who are less fortunate. He does

dole, the necessarily to use mean of us. But it is difficult in different ways, depending upon attitude, upon not

the beneto obtain help others but to standards; depending upon what our objectives are. A person can have fits of life, help others to enjoy life.

sorrow from doing what he knows he shouldn't do—almost, in a sense, Jesus gave his life for us. He took

a selfinflicted sorrow, which can be bitter and debasing. Or he can upon himself the burden of all the

have a sorrow or setback that comes while doing something it seemed sinshim ofandalldomankindhis will,whowhowillwillacceptprohe should do; yet, with all the depth of disappointment, the bitterduce, to build up his kingdom upon

ness and selfblame can be absent. A line from Lord Avebury touches the earth.

the edge of the subject: "If we are ever in doubt what to do,"he said, to Hehelphaseachaskedother,us toto servedo goodeachtoother,each

"it is a good rule to ask ourselves what we shall wish on the morrow other. As one of our hymns suggests:

that we had done."J. Reuben Clark, Jr., used to speak of "the thrill of

a moment, and a lifetime of regret."There is much bitterness and blame "Have I done any good in the world

in deliberately doing something bad—in the headlong, downhill misHavetoday?I helped any one in need?

doing that goes nowhere to nothing that anyone in his right mind would Have I cheered up the sad, and made ever really want. And well would we pause to ask ourselves honestly—someone feel glad?

failed indeed. If not, I have always—what would we wish we had done, or hadn't done, tomorrow

one's burden been lighter toany Has morning? To go back to John Erskine: "Though we sometimes speak day,

of a primrose path,... a bad life is just as difficult, just as full of obBecause I was willing to share?

stacles and hardships, as a good one."Not just as, we might add, but Have the sick and the weary been

more so—in its bitter, selfblaming regret. Since this is so, why not decide Whenhelpedtheyon their'neededway?my help was I

to live a good life, with peace and gratitude, and without the bitterthere?"

ness and embarrassment of tomorrow morning? (Hymns, No. 58.)

There are many unexpected ways to serve, in addition to that of church ohn Erskine, quoted in Durant, "On the Meaning of Life,"p. 41. service.

5:45. 2Matt.

3George Macdonald (18241905), Scottish novelist. A young man driving down the

* "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, street one early morning saw several presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System April 13, 1969. Copyright 1969. streetcars lined up one behind the

86 Improvement Era other. The motormen were all gathHe took the steel bar off the hooks Where there is darkness, let me sow

ered together by the front car. He on the side of the car, blocked it against light;

stopped and went over to see what was the wheel, gave directions, and in just Where there is sadness, let me sow joy!

happening. He saw that one streetcar a minute the wheels dropped into the O divine Master, grant that I may not

was off the track, and the motormen track with a thud. The young man so much seek

were trying to put it on again. hung the bar back on the car, and the To be consoled as to console,

Finally they gave up, and each went happy motorman was again on his To be understood as to understand, to his own car and went back the way. To be loved as to love.

other direction around the loop, back The poet and song writer Harry For it is in giving that we receive;

to town, leaving the one motorman in Robert Wilson has expressed the It is in pardoning that we are parhis car, all alone, just to wait for help. thought so beautifully. doned;

The young man sized up the situaAnd it is in dying that we are born to tion, then asked the motorman if he "Lord, make me an instrument of thy eternal life."

might try to put the car back on the peace. May we all receive the word of the

track. Where there is hatred, let me sow love; gospel of Jesus Christ, and bear fruit

"Do you think you can?"asked the Where there is doubt, let me sow faith; one hundredfold, and sow seeds of joy,

motorman. Where there is despair, let me sow happiness, and eternal life, I pray in

"I'd like to try,"the young man said. hope; the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

A Great and Marvelous Work

President Milton R. Hunter

Of the First Council of the Seventy

The Lord spoke from heaven to This "great and marvelous work"which the Savior will eventually come

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery 140 that Jesus Christ declared to Joseph to reign.

years ago and said: Smith and Oliver Cowdery was about Jehovah, or Jesus Christ, began mak-

"A great and marvelous work is about to come forth among the children of ing preparations 2,500 years ago for this to come forth unto the children of men was the "restitution of all things, "great and marvelous work"in the men.... which God hath spoken by the mouth latter days by initiating a project

"Behold, I am Jesus Christ, the Son of all his holy prophets since the to produce a holy scripture to testify to of God."(D&C 6:1, 21.) world began"(Acts 3:21), with all the his divinity. Also, the scripture was

And then he commissioned Oliver gifts, powers, and priesthoods, and destined to play a prominent role in

Cowdery to assist Joseph Smith in gospel ordinances requisite for the helping to give the gospel of Jesus translating the Book of Mormon. This exaltation of the human family posChrist to the honest in heart and bring

book was designed to play a prominent sessed by any and all former gospel them into his Church in the latter role in this "great and marvelous dispensations. This was to be the last days. This holy scripture is known as

work."dispensation, the dispensation of the the Book of Mormon. Therefore, the

Jesus Christ had already chosen fulness of times. Book of Mormon is the voice of God to

Joseph Smith to be his prophet, seer, Accordingly, numerous ancient our generation.

and revelator, and had announced that prophets brought to Joseph Smith the No holy scripture in the world is his gospel would be restored from priesthoods, keys, and powers of their unique in as many ways as is the heaven through that prophet, and also dispensations. Through direct revelaBook of Mormon.

that he had been selected to establish tion from the Savior, Joseph Smith First, Jesus Christ initiated its writthe true Church of Jesus Christ upon established the Church and officially ing and through numerous revelations earth once again. Accompanied by God named it the Church of Jesus Christ. supervised its production, which is

the Father, the Savior had appeared This church was endowed with power unique.

to that prophet in what is known as from God to carry forth the work of Second, as early as 600 b.c. the Mas-

"The First Vision."the Master and build a kingdom to ter proclaimed that this record would

June 1969 87 play a unique role in the latter days Lord the plates would be shown to and proclaim its great worth to huin testifying that he was the Christ, three others besides the prophet to manity. Those who disbelieve it hate

the Savior of the world, thereby suswhom the records would be given it. Many brilliant men have written

taining the testimony of the Jews, the for the purpose of their bearing witviciously against it. No book has had

Holy Bible. ness. Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, as many attacks made upon it as has

Third, through 1,000 years'time the and Martin Harris asked for that the Book of Mormon.

prophets who wrote the book did so privilege. One may wonder why so many inunder the divine guidance of our In June 1829, Jesus Christ spoke from telligent people have rejected the Book

Savior. heaven to the three men through the of Mormon. Perhaps it is because

Fourth, acting in accordance with Prophet Joseph Smith, declaring: there is so much that they would call

revelation from Jesus Christ, the last "... you shall have a view of the miraculous connected with its origin,

two Nephite prophets—Mormon and plates, and also of the breastplate, the preservation, coming forth, and trans-

[and] the records, sword of Laban, the ancient Urim and lation. Moroni—abridged

....."17:1.) for use Apostle Paul explained that it is in our Thummim. making them suitable (D&C

day. We know of no other similar ocThereupon the four men went into only through the operation of the Holy

currence in history; hence, unique. the woods and kneeled down and Spirit of God that spiritual things can

Fifth, the Book of Mormon is unique prayed. In response, the Angel Moroni be understood and received by man.

in its being translated from records of came down from heaven and showed Paul declared that "the things of God which an angel was the custodian for these sacred objects to them. He knoweth no man, but the Spirit of

1,400 years before they were brought turned the sheets of the gold plates God.

forth in a book. leaf by leaf and let them examine "But the natural man receiveth not

Sixth, the Book of Mormon stands the inscriptions thereon. He described the things of the Spirit of God: for they

alone in being the only book known Joseph Smith's work in translating the are foolishness unto him: neither can

to have been translated from ancient Book of Mormon records. As he was he know them, because they are spiritrecords delivered to an unlearned doing so, the voice of Jesus Christ ually discerned."(1 Cor. 2:11, 14.)

young man by an angel. spoke from heaven and said: Thus the ordinary man whose heart

Seventh, the feat of translating the "These plates have been revealed is not moved upon by the Holy Ghost ancient record was also an unheard of by the power of God, and they have regards the Book of Mormon and all achievement. Joseph Smith, assisted been translated by the power of God. of the great and marvelous things that

by Oliver Cowdery, translated the enThe translation of them which you Jesus Christ did in its preparation and tire Book of Mormon of 522 printed have seen is correct, and I command bringing forth as being fantastic, fabripages in approximately sixty days. The you to bear record of what you now cated, and untrue. On the other hand,

writing on the plates was in an ancient sec and hear."(Cited in Preston Nibwhen the Holy Ghost bears testimony

script called "reformed Egyptian"(see ley, The Witnesses of the Book of to the heart and soul of a man of the

Morm. 9:32), a language that no Mormon, p. 8.) divine nature of the Book"of Mormon,

mortal man through his own power After the Angel Moroni left with the the spiritualminded man knows the could decipher. Then how did Joseph gold plates, the three men wrote their reality of the divine authenticity of

Smith accomplish such a mammoth testimony, which is known as "The that book, and this reality becomes job in such a short time? He has told Testimony of Three Witnesses."Their very important in his whole being. He

us that he translated th>-Book of Mortestimony states: feels impelled continuously to testify.

mon "through the gift and power of "... we declare with words of soberAny person in the world can know

God and through the Urim and ness, that an angel of God came down for sure that the Book of Mormon is

Thummim."from heaven, and he brought and laid true, that it is the word of God, if he

Eighth, no other book in the world before our eyes, that we beheld and will in all sincerity, humility, and has been testified to as to its truthfulsaw the plates, and the engravings faith follow the formula laid down in ness and divinity by the voice of an thereon.... the voice of the Lord the last chapter of Moroni:

usangel the commanded voice that we should bear recand by of Jesus Christ shall receive these ye when "And."of it... ordother the than Book I of Mormon. things, exhort would ye you that

Let us now pay particular attention In no other time in history has such would ask God, the Eternal Father, in to some remarkable testimonies rean astounding event occurred. Never the name of Christ, if these things are

garding the truthfulness and divinity before nor since have three men renot true; and if ye shall ask with a

of the Book of Mormon. One of the ceived their testimonies directly from since heart, with real intent, having

strongest testimonies came directly from an angel and from Jesus Christ, as did faith in Christ, he will manifest the the mouth of Jesus Christ himself. In these three men. truth of it unto you, by the power of

June 1829, the Savior spoke from Since the coming forth of the Book the Holy Ghost.

heaven and declared: of Mormon is so astounding, it has "And by the power of the Holy

"... as your Lord and your God divided all people who have come into Ghost ye may know the truth of all

liveth it [the Book of Mormon] is contact with it into two definitely things."(Moro. 10:4-5.)

true."(D&C 17:6.) separate groups—believers and non- I bear my testimony that I know

I am positive that my Lord and God believers. Those who believe love it, positively that the Book of Mormon is

liveth—and so I am also positive that enthusiastically testify to its divinity, true. It is the word of God. I am as

the Book of Mormon is true. sure of it as I am sure that I am alive,

No other book in the world has ever or as I am sure that I am speaking unto had a witness borne to it as dynamic you today. The Holy Ghost has borne

and powerful as the one the Master powerful witness to my heart and mind provided to sustain the Book of Morof the truthfulness of this divine book, mon in what is known as "The Testiand has filled my heart with a powerof Witnesses."Threemony ful for The love great and an exceedingly There is more power in the openancient American preprophets had for love of myit Savior. In the name

than in the clencheddicted that through of the hand the power Christ. fist. Jesus Amen.

88 Improvement Era Bishop Robert L. Simpson

Of the Presiding Bishopric

My dear brothers and sisters: I feel rash of shoplifting, an evil practice described in the seventyeighth section

strength in the presence of this assemthat was apparent in all age levels, of the Doctrine and Covenants, verse bly. I feel great humility in the presence regardless of sex, and in all sectors 10:

of these lovely children who have of the community. "Otherwise Satan seeketh to turn

borne witness to us in song, and I bask "And there shall also be many which their hearts away from the truth, that in the reflected memory of an inspirshall say: Eat, drink and be merry; they become blinded and understand

ing Primary conference that concluded nevertheless, fear God—he will justify not the things which are prepared for

just the day before yesterday. I am sure in committing a little sin; yea, lie a them."

we all compliment Sister Parmley and little, take the advantage of one beMay I tell you about a man who has the great Primary organization for cause of his words, dig a pit for thy a keen mind, but his sweet spirit of their tremendous effort. On this sacred neighbor; there is no harm in this; testimony has been replaced with

square we gain a feeling a peace, we and do all these things, for tomorrow criticism of his priesthood leaders. He

gain a feeling of security, and somewe die; and if it so be that we are seems impatient because certain basic

times we might be inclined to say, guilty, God will beat us with a few doctrines cannot be altered to suit his "All is well in Zion."I would like stripes, and at last we shall be saved convenience of social concept based on

to take for my thought today, "All is in the kingdom of God. the meager knowledge and philosophy

well in Zion, but...."And I would "And others will he pacify, and lull of men.

like to begin by telling you of a disthem away into carnal security, that Let me tell you about a sister who turbing incident that came to my atthey will say: All is well in Zion; yea, became literally hypnotized by a deck

tention a day or two ago as I read a Zion prospereth, all is -well—and thus of playing cards. Eventually, there

recent letter from the head of one of the devil cheateth their souls, and were not enough hours in the week to the state's largest employers, seeking leadeth them away carefully down to fit everything in. Her keen spiritual

help in curbing dishonest practices hell."(2 Ne. 28:8, 21.) sensitivity became dulled, and it was

among his employees, who incidentally I know a man who used to be an easy for the cunning one to help her are people who should know better. authority on the Book of Mormon. He decide to give up an important Relief

He stated in the letter that sickleave had the ability of thrilling the people Society calling and abandon her wonprivileges were being grossly violated, with his speaking and profound knowlderful circle of former associates in more so than in other sections of the edge of the truth. The adversary found favor of the nonessential, timewasting

country. The Lord expects more from a weakness ever so small, but a weakpastime that had captured her fancy.

this community. ness. Finally the grip was secure, and Sisters in the ward continuing their

Another company head who recently he was gradually led away—ever so lives of charity and compassionate

moved to this community from another gently, but ever so surely, away from service are now termed by her as section of the United States complains all that was good and sacred. This narrowminded, as hypocritical and dothat among his business associates there same man who was a leader among gooders, but in reality, the only thing

is a serious lack of integrity, that seemthe people has now lost his ability to that changed was this woman.

ingly good men who are obviously lead, at least for the time being. That I know a man who started taking

trained to know better are discovered great gift of knowledge that was once supplies home from his place of emto be unethical in their business his has become dim and remote. He ployment. First it was just a few

dealings. seems helplessly engulfed in transgrespencils; then it was something more.

Recently some variety store mansion and has been unable to even In the end, it cost him his job, the reagers mat with law enforcement offirecognize the hand of fellowship that spect of his family, and the spirit cers for the purpose of implementing would lift him back to firm ground. I of his calling in the Church. His

some sort of control in the midst of a suppose this is the same condition practices became incompatible with the

June 1969 89 Discover the Paint Colors America Likes Best priesthood that gave him the promise imaginations, feet that be swift in of life eternal. running to mischief,

I know a host of others that time "A false witness that speaketh lies, will not permit us to discuss, wonderful and he that soweth discord among people of the kingdom who ventured brethren."(Prov. 6:1619.)

too close to the edge, all the time saying Now it seems rather odd that the to themselves, "I know what I am Lord would speak of a proud look and doing. I can turn back the second I running to mischief in the same breath

choose."Then all of a sudden it hapwith the shedding of innocent blood,

r hold,pens. theThe quicksandriptide loosensstarts theto lastsink,footthe butand canpoweranythingof God counteror the exaltationto the gloryof

thin ice suddenly cracks, the precipice man be counted as trivial? "For I the St.kouis Blue abruptly gives way. There are physical Lord cannot look upon sin with the

laws that govern the riptide, the least degree of allowance."(D&C 1:31.)

cracking ice, the unstable ground; and And then he also says in another place:

there are moral and spiritual laws that "He that diggeth a pit shall fall into fission Pink justare justas clearlyas real, defined,whose safebut boundaryas we takeis it My "dear(Eccles.fellow10:8.)members of our

one fatal step, just one step too far, the Heavenly Father's true and everlasting laws of the universe take over—the Church, with our families and eternal

consequence is inevitable. life on one side of the scales, is it conThere have been some excellent ceivable that we are willing to allow

thoughts on repentance during these a few bad habits to tip that scale away conference sessions, but this plea is for from all that is good and precious and each and every member of the Church true? None is exempt from the possito the a crack, ground, to avoid holy stand on door—just

that's to inevitable, will lead repentance unmake bility. all—andJust openthetheadversary

necessary. In terms of eternity, there us quietly away, and we will rationalis no such thing as not getting caught. ize as we go that what we are doing is

Eternal judgment is undeviating, for done by so many, and surely this once it is founded on truth. Maybe that is won't hurt. BENNETT'S why the Lord said what he did on The adversary sometimes changes

page one of the Doctrine and Covethe labels on the bottles, but the connants, revelation for our day, as he tents are still full of poison. Just like Cofouzm declared: the young lad I visited in prison. Upon

"For verily the voice of the Lord is asking him if the offense was stealing, faints escape;unto allandmen,thereandis nothereeye isthatnoneshallto Ilife.receivedI wouldan indignant,never steal."NotMy onmotheryour

1969 Colorizer Associates not see, neither ear that shall not hear, has taught me better than that. I am

neither heart that shall not be penehere for forgery."Shoplifting never,

trated. but what is wrong with forging some-

"And the rebellious shall be pierced one else's name on a $500.00 check!

with much sorrow; for their iniquities May our judgment be sound and our

shall be spoken upon the housetops, course straight. The way is clearly

and their secret acts shall be revealed. marked before us and is to be found

"Unto the day when the Lord shall in every word of this conference. Just

come to recompense unto every man as the insignificant termite takes his according to his work, and measure to annual toll, causing buildings to tumevery man according to the measure ble, and just as rust and erosive forces

A special group of 36 paint colors that which he has measured to his fellow eat away at the foundations of that speak the names and suggest the charman."(D&C 1:2-3, 10.) which seems so strong and so firm, so

acter of cherished American places, things To him who says: "I am lucky, I it is with those little habits that must

and events. Bring the American Style to didn't get caught,"I say, how unbe corrected if we are to dwell in His

for his foot other presence. is alreadyyour home decorating! See these "Colorfortunate;in for step. the live next motion the truth, treacherous we know May we may

izer Americans"now! six things hate: truth, the truth. sustain doth "These the Lord the may we

yea, seven are an abomination unto May we do these things, that all may him: truly be well in Zion, for you know and

"A proud look, a lying tongue, and I know that the truth shall make us

AT BENNETT'S DEALERS hands that shed innocent blood, free, in the name of the Lord Jesus "An heart that deviseth wicked Christ. Amen.

AND STORES

90 Improvement Era One Lord, One Faith

Elder LeGrand Richards Of the Council of the Twelve

I rejoice with you, my brethren and men to which Isaiah refers? In these When the Lord gave to Moses the

sisters, in this wonderful conference, 411 different religious professions. Ten Commandments, the first was:

and in the inspiring remarks of our Shouldn't the average son of God "Thou shalt have no other gods before worthy president, President David O. want to know if he is worshiping God me."(Exod. 20:3.)

McKay. through the precepts of men? Or, if When Joseph Smith had his glorious

We have just listened to Bishop he is privileged to live until the Lord vision and the Father and the Son

Simpson as he quoted the statement performs that marvelous work and a appeared to him in the Sacred Grove of Jesus, when he said: "And ye shall wonder, wouldn't he like to have a in the state of New York in 1820, the

know the truth, and the truth shall part in it? Father, pointing to the Son, said: "This

make you free."(John 8:32.) I ask, Compare this situation to Paul's is my Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Jofree from what? The false teachings statement to the Ephesians when he seph Smith 2:17.)

and philosophies and manmade docsaid there is "one Lord, one faith, one Thus Joseph saw that Jesus and his trines. baptism."(Eph. 4:5.) Father were glorified persons, as was

Jesus said: "I thank thee, O Father, How things have changed! Why? Jesus following his resurrection, when

Lord of heaven and earth, because Because men, without divine guidance, he appeared unto his disciples and had thou hast hid these things from the could not agree in their interpretation them feel the prints in his hands and wise and prudent, and hast revealed of the scriptures. Jesus understood that the wound in his side, saying:

them unto babes."(Matt. 11:25.) without divine guidance men could not "... handle me, and see; for a spirit

With man's wisdom alone, one canproperly interpret the scriptures, for he hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me not know the truth. This is evidenced said: "Ye do err, not knowing the scriphave."(Luke 24:39.)

by a survey taken in New Zealand tures."(Matt. 22:29.) Hence the need Now compare this with the teaching

last year, in which there were 411 difof the voice of authority to differenof the entire Christian world at the ferent churches listed. Hence the need tiate between the doctrines that are time that Joseph Smith had this

of divine revelation to interpret the the precepts of men, as Isaiah states, glorious experience. Here is a stateteachings of the prophets, and this and the truths revealed from heaven ment from their creeds:

church is built upon divine revelation. in the restoration of the gospel, for "There is but one living and true

I take my text today from the twentywe did not get our teachings through God, who is infinite in being and perninth chapter of Isaiah, where he man's interpretation of the scriptures, fection, a most pure spirit, invisible, states: "Wherefore the Lord said, Forbut by the revelations of the Lord to without body, parts or passions...

asmuch as this people draw near me his latterday prophet. and in unity of this godhead, there are

with their mouth, and with their lips A whole book could be written on three persons, of one substance, power do honour me, but have removed their the difference between the manmade and eternity, the Father, the Son and heart far from me, and their fear doctrines to which Isaiah refers and the Holy Ghost."

toward me is taught by the precept of the truths revealed from heaven which How could there be three persons in men: constitute the marvelous work and a one? How could Joseph Smith or any

"Therefore, behold, I will proceed wonder that the Lord promised through other prophet have seen God if he has to do a marvellous work among this Isaiah would cause the wisdom of their neither body, parts, nor passions, and people, even a marvellous work and wise men to perish and the understandis invisible? That means he has no

a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise ing of their prudent men to be hid. eyes, so he cannot see; he has no ears,

men shall perish, and the understandLet me mention a few important so he cannot hear; he has no mouth,

ing of their prudent men shall be hid."corrections the Lord has made in the so he cannot speak; he has no body, so

(Isa. 29:1314.) teachings of men through the restorahe cannot be seen. This is a fairly

Where do we find these precepts of tion of the gospel. good description of nothing. How is it

June 1969 91 possible that the entire world was woras recorded in the Book of Mormon in Baten to his wife, Beulah, entitled shiping this kind of a god at the time these words: "Philosophy of Life":

that the Father and Son, two glorified "And now, my son, I speak unto you personages, appeared to Joseph Smith? concerning that which grieveth me ex- "I wed thee forever, not for now,

And yet Moses knew that this condiceedingly; for it grieveth me that there Not for the sham of earth's brief

tion would exist in the world, for when should disputations rise among you. years;

he led the children of Israel to the "For, if I have learned the truth, I wed thee for the life beyond the promised land, he told them that, in there have been disputations among tears coming generations, they should be you concerning the baptism of your Beyond the heart pain and clouded scattered among the heathen nations. little children. brow.

"And there ye shall serve gods, the "And now, my son, I desire that ye Love knows no grave and it shall work of men's hands, wood and stone, should labor diligently, that this gross guide us dear which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, error should be removed from among When life's spent candles flutter and nor smell."(Deut. 4:28.) you; for, for this intent I have written burn low."

Then Moses promised them that in this epistle.

the latter days (and we are living in "For immediately after I had learned The apostle Paul indicated that we the latter days) when they were in these things of you I inquired of the without our loved ones cannot be made tribulation, if they would seek after Lord concerning the matter. And the perfect. (See Heb. 11:40.) The Lord

the Lord their God, they would find word of the Lord came to me by has revealed the fact that marriage ties him if they would seek him with all the power of the Holy Ghost, saying: are intended to be eternal, hence all

their hearts and with all their souls. "Listen to the words of Christ, your marriages in his Church are for time

(See Deut. 4:2930.) Redeemer, your Lord and your God. and for all eternity.

Joseph Smith as a boy truly sought Behold, I came into the world not to The first record we have of marriage after him and was rewarded with the call the righteous but sinners to rewas when the Lord told Adam, "It is glorious vision to which I have referred. pentance; the whole need no physician, not good that the man should be alone;

And for his testimony that God, the but they that are sick; wherefore, little I will make him an help meet for

Father, and Jesus Christ, his Son, were children are whole, for they are not him....

two glorified personages, he gave his capable of committing sin; wherefore "Therefore shall a man leave his

life. We bear witness to all the world the curse of Adam is taken from them father and his mother, and shall cleave

of this great eternal truth. What in me, that it hath no power over unto his wife: andthey shall be one

knowledge could be more wonderful them;... flesh."(Gen. 2:18, 24.)

than to know what we might look for- "And after this manner did the Holy If it was not good for man to be ward to, as Jesus said in the Sermon Ghost manifest the word of God unto alone before death came into the on the Mount: "Blessed are the pure me; wherefore, my beloved son, I know world, it will obviously not be good

in heart: for they shall see God."that it is solemn mockery before God, for man to be alone when he is resur-

(Matt. 5:8. Italics added.) that ye should baptize little children. rected from the dead.

How could we see God if he does "Little children cannot repent; Jesus also taught this principle, for

not exist, has no body, parts, or paswherefore, it is awful wickedness to he said:

sions, and is invisible? deny the pure mercies of God unto "For this cause shall a man leave

To correct this false doctrine should them, for they are all alive in him his father and mother, and cleave to justify the Lord in raising up a prophet because of his mercy. his wife;

in these latter days, and this gives real "And he that saith that little chil- "And they twain shall be one flesh:

meaning to Easter, which the Chrisdren need baptism denieth the mercies so then they are no more twain, but tian world is celebrating at this time. of Christ, and setteth at naught the one flesh.

Through the restoration of the gospel atonement of him and the power of "What therefore God hath joined through the Prophet Joseph Smith, the the redemption."(Moro. 8:4-9, 1920.) together, let not man put asunder."

Lord corrects another false teaching, Shouldn't the whole Christian world (Mark 10:7-9.)

one of the doctrines of men to which welcome this great revealed truth to Both God and Jesus Christ indicated

Isaiah refers. The Christian world save them from following this manthat the man and his wife should beteaches that children are born into this made doctrine that they have been come one flesh, and Jesus warns:

world with the sin of Adam and Eve taught? "What therefore God hath joined toresting upon them, thus denying the Let me briefly mention another gether, let not man put asunder."

atonement of Jesus Christ, as stated manmade and very important docWhere is there any scriptural justiby the apostle Paul: "For as in Adam trine taught by all the socalled Chrisfication to assume and teach that

all die, even so in Christ shall all be tian churches at the time the Lord death should annul the marriage made alive."(1 Cor. 15:22.) restored his true Church to the earth covenant?

Now here is the word of the Lord in this last, dispensation through the The apostle Peter understood that with respect to this matter in a revelaProphet Joseph Smith. the man and his wife would inherit

tion to the Prophet Joseph Smith: "But, They have universally taught that together the results and the rewards of

behold, I say unto you, that little chilmarriage is for this life only, hence this life. He said:

dren are redeemed from the foundation their marriages are all performed "un- "Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with of the world through mine Only Betil death do you part"or "for the period them according to knowledge, giving gotten; of your mortal lives."honour unto the wife, as unto the

"Wherefore, they cannot sin, for In light of God's restored truth to weaker vessel, and as being heirs topower is not given unto Satan to tempt us, this is a very flimsy and unsatisgether of the grace of life; that your

little children, until they begin to befactory doctrine. Love is eternal, and prayers be not hindered."(1 Pet. 3:7.)

come accountable before me."(D&C where couples live true Christian lives The Prophet Isaiah saw the day

29:4647.) together, their love for each other and when we would have a new heaven

The Prophet Mormon discussed this their children increases with the years. and a new earth, when we would build

subject in a letter to his son, Moroni, I like the words of Anderson M. houses and inhabit them, and plant

92 Improvement Era vineyards and eat the fruit thereof. seph Smith, the Lord said, referring to made this statement: "When I think

Then he adds: "For they are the seed the conditions during the millennium: of how little I had to offer my people

of the blessed of the Lord, and their "And the earth shall be given unto as a minister of the gospel compared offspring with them."(See Isa. 65:17, them for an inheritance; and they shall with what I now have in the fullness

1925.) multiply and wax strong, and their of the gospel as it has been restored,

What a comfort to those of us who children shall grow up without sin I want to go back and tell all my have buried our little children to know unto salvation. friends what I have found. Now,"he

that we will be privileged in the resur- "For the Lord shall be in their midst, said, "they will not listen to me. I am

rection to raise our little ones unto and his glory shall be upon them, and an apostate from their church."But he

manhood and womanhood. he will be their king and their lawgave up his ministry and performed

The manmade doctrines of the sogiver."(D&C 45:5859.) menial work here in the city in order

called Christian churches give their There are many other manmade that he might be a member of God's members no such promises of comfort. interpretations of the scriptures that true Church.

I attended a funeral service for an have brought into existence these 411 We invite all men everywhere to only young daughter of one of my different churches referred to in New share with us these glorious truths that business associates, and the minister Zealand. Isaiah prophesied that when God has revealed through his prophet

did not hold out one hope to this sormen should serve God through the of this dispensation. I repeat the

rowing couple that they would ever precepts and doctrines of men, the Savior's promise: "Blessed are they

see or know their precious little daughLord would proceed to do a marvelous which do hunger and thirst after ter again. work and a wonder that would cause righteousness: for they shall be filled."

After the funeral, I told my friend the wisdom of their wise men to perish (Matt. 5:6.)

that the Lord had something better and the understanding of their prudent I bear witness to all within the sound than that for him if he would live men to be hid. of my voice that The Church of Jesus

for it. He has since joined the Lord's I testify that this Church is the marChrist of Latterday Saints is in very

true Church and now looks forward velous work and a wonder that Isaiah deed the marvelous work and a wonto the privilege of raising that little promised when men would be worder the Lord promised through Isaiah daughter in the morning of the first shiping through the precepts of men. the prophet.

resurrection. Recently, a converted minister joined May God bless you all, I pray, in

In a revelation to the Prophet Jothe Church. He sat in my office and the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Saturday evening priesthood session, April 5, 1969

The Armor of God

Elder Boyd K. Packer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Brethren, I feel humble in respondthe man is the protector. rulers, and magistrates, in obeying,

ing to this appointment from the First Since ancient time, it has been the honoring, and sustaining the law."

Presidency, an assignment that comes duty of the man to protect "his home, (Article of Faith 12.)

because of responsibility as managing his family, his rights, his religion."Few desire to bear arms. Fortunate,

director of military relations and of (See Al. 43:4647.) indeed, is the generation which escapes

priesthood home teaching. The teaming Across the world the holders of the the necessity of so doing; ours is not so

up of these assignments is a demonpriesthood answer the call of the govblessed.

stration of priesthood activities drawing 'ernment to which they owe allegiance Our young brethren, more than ever together in a very close relationship and serve in military forces. In Gerbefore, and perhaps more than ever

under the priesthood correlation promany and Australia, in the Netheragain, as they are called into military gram. lands, here in the United States, in service need to buckle on the whole

Brethren, we are men of the priestCanada and Latin America—across the armor of God, with their "loins girthood! There is an obligation that world—we find our brethren serving about with truth,"having the breastaccompanies manhood, for in his very out their obligations, for "we believe plate of righteousness, and their feet

nature, his body, his mind, his attitude, in being subject to kings, presidents, shod with the preparation of the gosJune 1969 93 pel of peace, bearing the shield of cations, including new ways of hangoing to try to not miss a single Sunday faith, and the helmet of salvation. (See dling The Improvement Era. They are of church.

D&C 27:1518.) now mailed in individual envelopes. "I've been wondering if you could

But some of our brethren have Prefranked change of address cards send me some information on what all slipped quietly away and have left the are included. Similar attention is being has to be done in order to go through

family circle illprepared to do battle given to the Church News. the temple or be married in the temple,

with the forces of evil. These brethren The key to our servicemen's program because if it takes time, I'd like to

deserve quite as much and need ever is the home teacher. He visits the home start preparing now, so whenever I deso much more the attention and the and is accountable for those away in cide to get married, in about four years,

same preparation that the missionary the military. He can assure that I'll be a few steps ahead. I don't think

receives as he leaves for the mission Church publications have been prothere would be anything I'd want more field. vided by the family or by the priestthan to be married in the temple.

Many things are now being done hood quorums. "I'd be honored to be a missionary in

to strengthen them. It is my privilege In order that the home teacher can a foreign country someday when I beto report a few of them to you. better do his work, the executive secrecome qualified."(Signed by Brother

Recently the servicemen's committary of the ward priesthood executive Bertoglio.)

tee was redesignated as the Military committee was recently designated as His desire for missionary service may

Relations Committee of the Church the adviser to the bishopric on milicome sooner than he knows. Listen to

and given extended responsibility. Eltary relations. Through the home one of our chaplains report:

der Harold B. Lee is chairman of the teachers he will determine who is "I would like to report firsthand recommittee, with Elders Mark E. serving and who may be called up for sults of the pilot seminar for prospecPetersen and Gordon B. Hinckley as military service. This he will contive servicemen....

members. tinually bring to the attention of the "Four of the... servicemen were

Then last October there was orgabishopric. Perhaps he will nudge eventually assigned here for basic

nized, in Germany, Servicemen's Stakethe bishopric a bit to see that through training.... They were encouraged,

Europe. Membership includes men the priesthood executive committee inspired, and given a more full outlook

serving in the military and their deand the ward council everything that as to what to expect in military pendents. This unit joins the family can be done will be done to secure our service....

of stakes as a strong, wellordered men in the military. "Each has been most willing to

organization. This suggests that the A recent letter from the First Presiassist with the sacrament services held

day is before us when a young man dency instructed stake presidents to call for their areas. Pvt. Michael Paige, for

may leave home and the shelter of an executive secretary to the stake example, was so inspired that he a wellorganized Church program to priesthood executive committee. His brought 15 friends with him to Church

find another at the place of his milimajor responsibility is home teaching. on Sunday, January 12. Since that

tary service. He is likewise the adviser to the date 12 have been baptized. All of

Some have wondered why this was stake presidency on military relations. these contacts have come from the four

not done a generation ago, but we were Through home teaching reports he reservicemen who were at the Oakland not prepared. The Lord has said: mains constantly alert to the needs seminar."(Letter from Chaplain Mad-

"Behold, I will hasten my work in its of men in the military service and sen.)

time."(D&C 88:73.) those preparing to go. It has now been determined that

We have learned, through the uniHe keeps the stake presidency alerted. similar training will be given every

versity stakes, what to do when a As their "intelligence officer,"he keeps member as he leaves his home to enter member frequently moves about. them up against their job. They, the military service. This training is

More important than this, there has through the stake priesthood executive not unlike the training given to a misbeen called a new echelon of leadercommittee and the stake council, may sionary. And we repeat, the serviceship in the Church, the Regional Repthen take action to benefit their man deserves it quite as much and

resentatives of the Twelve, on whom servicemen. needs it infinitely more.

it seems we must now depend. Three pilot seminars have been held Instructions have already been given

Brother Kay A. Schwendiman, who for men who face callup or have to the Regional Representatives of the

gave the opening prayer, was recently volunteered for military service. The Twelve. We therefore wish to alert

called as a Regional Representative of first was in Oakland, one was in Idaho the stake presidents, quorum leaders, the Twelve, with responsibility for Falls, and one in Chicago, where some bishops, the stake and ward executive

Servicemen's StakeEurope and other men already in basic training were secretaries, home teachers, and parents duties relating to servicemen. invited. to look forward to the inauguration of

These things have come by way of With the assistance of the Regional the Churchwide program of these trainpreparation, and we see the guiding Representatives of the Twelve, our ing seminars.

hand of the Lord in them. The Lord chaplains, and others, these brethren We can announce that the next one

does hasten his work in its time. were given intense training. It was as will be held in Salt Lake City on

Presently we have 27 chaplains on though they were being fitted up with June 6, 7, and 8 for all men entering active duty in the armed forces of the the whole armor of God. the military from Utah during the

United States. We are drawing closer Some assessment of this training may summer, and we suggest that the

to these men. Many of them are here be drawn from two letters. The first bishops in Utah look for their home

this evening. We held a special meetcomes from a 19year-old deacon who teachers to supply them with informaing with them yesterday. had attended the Oakland seminar. tion concerning the men who will be

Some of them and some reserve "Hello, I finally got time to write entering the military.

chaplains now serve on special task after almost three weeks of training. We do care about our men in the

committees, fitting out, as it were, this It's just like the chaplains said it would military. We return again in con-

"armor"of which we spoke earlier. be... the seminar actually brought me clusion to the words of the Lord. They

Steps have been taken to assure that much closer to the Church and exhave much meaning to the young man servicemen will receive Church publiplained my mission in the service. I'm who faces military service.

94 Improvement Era "Wherefore, lift up your hearts and gospel of peace, which I have sent mine ask of me, and be faithful until I come, rejoice, and gird up your loins, and angels to commit unto you; and ye shall be caught up, that where

take upon you my whole armor, that ye "Taking the shield of faith where- I am ye shall be also. Amen."(D&C

may be able to withstand the evil day, with ye shall be able to quench all the 27:1518.)

having done all, that ye may be able fiery darts of the wicked; God bless our men in the military

to stand. "And take the helmet of salvation, service and those who anticipate that

"Stand, therefore, having your loins and the sword of my Spirit, which I call. The Church does love you. The

girt about with truth, having on the will pour out upon you, and my word Lord is guiding us in preparing help breastplate of righteousness, and your which I reveal unto you, and be agreed for you. Of this I bear witness, in the

feet shod with the preparation of the as touching all things whatsoever ye name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Home Teaching and Family Home Evening

Elder Marion G. Romney

Of the Council of the Twelve

This subject and this assignment these activities are divinely instituted I have here the scriptures as to how have come to me because of the fact to help us teach the gospel in the Moses taught the children of Israel to that the home teaching program with home. teach their children, of how King Benwhich I am connected has been asBecause no one can be saved without jamin taught the people of the Book

signed some responsibility with re- a knowledge of the gospel, the Lord of Mormon days to teach their chilspect to the home evening program. himself set the pattern as to how it dren, and so on down through the

My objective is twofold: one, to call should be taught in order that everyone various dispensations. I shall not take

your attention to what the Lord has can be taught. He himself came to his time, because of the lateness of the

said about the responsibility of Church son Adam and taught him the gospel, hour, to go through these scriptures.

members to teach the gospel in the and directed him to teach his children. Furthermore, the scriptures that are

home, and two, to point out some The record says that "Adam and Eve binding upon us are the ones the Lord things that can be done in the home... made all things known unto their has given us in these latter days. He

through home teaching to inspire and sons and their daughters...."(Moses has never required his people of one

encourage the members of the Church 5:12.) dispensation to rely solely upon the

to hold and conduct home evenings in They instructed their sons and teachings he gave to former dispensathe home. daughters to follow their example. We tions. But he has revealed his law,

To endeavor to so instruct this great know that the faithful ones of them given his commandments anew in audience is indeed an awesome respondid so, because we read that Jared, the every dispensation. And in this dispensibility. Think of it for a moment. As sixth generation from Adam, taught sation the commandments that we are

mentioned by President Dyer today, his son "in all the ways of God."bound by are those in the Doctrine

there are perhaps 150,000 listening to (Moses 6:21.) We know that the unand Covenants.

this meeting, men and boys, every one faithful did not teach their children, In 1831, while the Prophet Joseph of them holding an office in the priestbecause the Lord said that the blood of was "reviewing the commandments"hood of God. Each, by reason of acthose who were drowned in the flood to be sent to Zion, the Lord gave this

cepting ordination, bears a divine would be required at the hands of their instruction:

charge to visit the homes of Church fathers. The basis on which the Lord "... inasmuch as parents have chilmembers and exhort them to attend to holds the parents responsible for undren in Zion, or in any of her stakes

all family duties and to individual taught children he explained to Ezekiel... that teach them not to understand

duties. when he told him that when he gave the doctrine of repentance, faith in

We have all heard of home teaching, notice and the watchmen did not warn Christ the Son of the living God, and and we have all heard of home evethe wicked that they would be deof baptism and the gift of the Holy nings, but we do not all do home teachstroyed, the blood would be required Ghost by the laying on of the hands, ing, nor do we all hold home evenings, at the hands of the watchmen. (See when eight years old, the sin be upon

notwithstanding the fact that both of Ezek. 3:18.) the heads of the parents.

June 1969 95 "For this shall be a law unto the which is the basis for human society."designated and exclusively reserved as

inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her All our leaders in this dispensation home evening. I recently heard a forstakes which are organized."(D&C have counseled parents to teach their mer stake president who said the

68:2526.) children. The First Presidency of the bishops in the stake he had presided

The Lord's followup on this comChurch, in 1915, advised and urged over did not even answer the telephone mandment 18 months later must have "the inauguration of a 'Home Evening'on this evening. When it rang, one of

shaken the presidency and bishop. Exthroughout the Church, at which time the children would gently say, "We

plaining that "every spirit of man was fathers and mothers may gather their are holding home evening. Are you?"

innocent in the beginning,"but that boys and girls about them in the home, 2. Let each stake president see to it

because of their "disobedience,... and teach them the words of the that he himself regularly conducts a

[and] the tradition of their fathers, Lord.... weekly home evening with his own

... that wicked one cometh and "If the Saints obey this counsel, we family, and that he inspires each of

taketh away light and truth...-,"the promise that great blessings will rehis counselors, clerks, high councilors,

Lord continued: sult. Love at home and obedience to and all members of his stake council

"But I have commanded you to parents will increase, faith will be to do likewise.

bring up your children in light and developed in the hearts of the youth I had written in these remarks: It

truth. of Israel, and they will gain power to will be in order for Representatives of

"But verily I say unto you, my sercombat the evil influences and tempthe Twelve to emphasize this matter vant Frederick G. Williams.... tations which beset them."(The Imin their regions. I was very happy day

"You have not taught your children provement Era, June 1915, pp. 73334.) before yesterday to hear President

light and truth, according to the com- I suppose this statement and the Tanner tell these Regional Representamandments; and that wicked one hath following I will read from President tives directly to hold their own home

power, as yet, over you, and this is the McKay give as good a definition of a evenings and then take it up with the cause of your affliction."home evening as we have in the scripstake presidents.

I wonder how many of us today are tures. In April 1964, President McKay 3. That in their monthly oral evalusuffering afflictions because we fail to said: "No other success can compenations, stake presidents motivate bishops

teach our children. sate for failure in the home."(The and branch presidents to implement

"And now a commandment I give Improvement Era, June 1964, p. 445.) the family home evening program in

unto you—if you will be delivered you In 1965, as an aid to parents in their own homes and in their wards

shall set in order your own house, for teaching their children, the weekly and branches.

there are many things that are not Family Home Evening Program was Now to the bishops:

right in your house. inaugurated. Introducing the manual, 4. Let every bishop and branch

"Verily, I say unto my servant SidPresident McKay said:, president not only conduct a weekly

ney Rigdon, that in some things he "These lessons for 'Teaching and home evening with his own family, hath not kept the commandments conLiving the Gospel in the Home'are but also so teach, exhort, and inspire cerning his children; therefore, first set offered as helps for the weekly home his counselors, clerks, and ward counin order thy house. evening.... cil members that they follow his

"Verily, I say unto my servant Jo- "Earnestly we urge parents to gather example.

seph Smith, Tun.,... their families around them, and to 5. That in their monthly oral evalu-

"You have not kept the commandinstruct them in truth and righteousations with their priesthood leaders, ments, and must needs stand rebuked ness, and in.family love and loyalty. bishops and branch presidents accombefore the Lord; The home is the basis of a righteous plish three things: One, inspire these

"Your family must needs repent and life, and no other instrumentality can leaders to conduct home evenings with forsake some things, and give more take its place nor fulfill its essential their own families. Two, motivate

earnest heed unto your sayings, or be functions. The problems of these diffithem to inspire home teachers to hold

removed out of their place.... cult times cannot better be solved in home evenings with their own families,

"My servant Newel K. Whitney any other place, by any other agency, and to encourage the families they

also, a bishop of my church, hath need by any other means, than by love and visit to hold home evenings. Three,

to be chastened, and set in order his righteousness, and precept and exambishops should, at these interviews, family, and see that they are more ple, and devotion to duty in the home."receive a report from each priesthood

diligent and concerned at home, and (Family Home Evening Manual, 1965, leader on the status of home teaching pray always, or they shall be removed p. hi.) in the families for whom he is responout of their place."(D&C 93:3850.) Pursuant to this counsel, many sible.

The failure of parents to teach their families have adopted and faithfully 6. Let every home teacher (a) reguchildren affects not only them and pursued the Family Home Evening larly conduct with his own family the

their children but whole civilizations. Program. Others have yet to move into kind of a home evening he would be

Such failure contributed to the it and qualify for the promised blessproud to have the families he visits wickedness that brought on the flood; ings. use as an example, and (b) carry into

it contributed to the fall of ancient Some of the things that can be done the homes of the families he is assigned

Israel, and to the destruction of the through home teaching—and this is to visit such teaching, encouragement,

Book of Mormon peoples. I read rereally the purpose of this talk tonight and spirit as will inspire them to obcently that the renowned author "Ed-—to inspire obedience to the commandserve home evening. The home teacher

ward Gibbon, back in 1788, set forth ment to teach the gospel in the home, should also render a complete report in his famous book, 'Decline and Fall and particularly to hold the home on each of his families to his priestof the Roman Empire,'five basic reaevening as directed, are as follows: hood leader each month in their intersons why that great civilization withTo the stake presidents: views.

ered and died,"and that the first of 1. That under the leadership of the Such is the care we must exercise,

these reasons was "the undermining of stake president, there be in every stake brethren, as we watch over the the dignity and sanctity of the home. an evening—other than Sunday Church, if we are to prevail "against

96 Improvement Era the wiles of the devil. by immersion for the remission of sins, in order his own house; let him regu-

"For we wrestle not against flesh and laying on of hands for the gift of larly observe home evening and otherand blood, but against principalities, the Holy Ghost are ridiculed. wise bring up his "children in light

against powers, against the rulers of Morality in general and chastity and truth"(D&C 93:40); let him

the darkness of this world, against particularly are outmoded. Man—so accept a home teaching assignmentspiritual wickedness in high places."our children are told—is an animal, and so faithfully visit, exhort, encour-

(Eph. 6:1112.) the product of biological evolution; his age, and inspire his families that they

The world is ripening in iniquity. generative powers are not sacred and follow his example. Then will the

"... all flesh is corrupted before Godgiven for the purpose of bringing children of Zion be able to stand

[the Lord];... the powers of darkness God's spirit children into mortality, against the wiles of the devil, and then

prevail upon the earth...."(D&C and therefore to be exercised within the will the Church begin to "arise and

38:11.) limits divinely prescribed, as the gospel shine forth, that [her] light may be a

Satan, our enemy, is making an allteaches, but they are playthings to be standard for the nations."(D&C

out assault upon righteousness. His exploited and prostituted for the 115:5.)

wellmarshaled forces are legion. Our gratification of sensual and lustful That every priesthood bearer will

children and youth are the targets of desires. Courage, honesty, loyalty, rise to the challenge given us by the

his main thrust. They are everywhere patriotism, law and order—these and Lord when he said, in the words alsubjected to wicked and vicious propaother elements of the divine nature ready quoted by Brother Packer:

ganda. Every place they turn, they are no longer revered as virtues. "... gird up your loins, and take

are buffeted with evil, cunningly deIf our children are to be sufficiently upon you my whole armor, that ye vised to deceive and to destroy every strengthened to stand against this may be able to withstand the evil day, sacred thing and every righteous satanic onslaught, they must be taught having done all, that ye may be able principle. and trained in the home, as the Lord to stand.... that where I am ye

Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ is has directed. shall be also."(D&C 27:15, 18), I

scoffed at. God, they are told, is dead. Let every priesthood bearer, in the humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

The principle of repentance, baptism majesty and power of his calling, set Christ. Amen.

A Time of Testing

President Hugh B. Brown

First Counselor in the First Presidency

We have had two days of almost [Lysle R.] Cahoon, Packer, and Romwar, one of our boys who was a pretty

constant meetings. I know you are all ney discuss their special assignments is good fighter was challenged in England

rather weary at this hour, so I shall a challenge to every man who holds to a fight. This young man, our Mornot take much time. I have enjoyed the priesthood. mon boy, had the habit of smiling all

very much the meeting tonight; and I was especially impressed when the way through a fight. One of the

realizing the numbers of men who are Elder Packer mentioned military men. men whom he was pitted against was

listening in, I am wondering if I can I have had a little experience in that champion, and during the fight he said add a word. I hope we have taken to field, and I think I would like to tell to his attendants between rounds, "I

heart the very worthwhile and imporyou a story with relation to it, a story can't lick that guy unless I can knock tant messages that have been given by that may be not so well known here that grin off of his face."He was not

the brethren throughout the conferin the United States because it hapable to do it. That smile represented

ence. Tonight especially, when Presipened in Canada. a courage of cold steel, and the Mordent McKay had such an inspiring First, I think I would like to say to mon boy won the battle.

message for us, and then to hear these the young men who are listening and Now as to the story: In 1906 the

young boys respond to the call so well, who are present that I wish you would government of Canada passed a law so efficiently, so humbly, was an incultivate a sense of humor. that was known as the Militia Act,

spiration to all of us. To hear Elders In the army while in the first world comparable to the home guard here.

June 1969 97 They sent out into all the provinces a He said, "Yes, sir."world war broke out, Canada and

call for men to take training prepara- "You are a Mormon, I suppose."England having been in the war for

tory to what Lord Roberts said was sure "Yes, sir."some years before the United States

to come, a world war. A young man "Well, I just wanted to make friends came in. Our Mormon boys made a

was sent to Cardston to recruit some with you. Will you have a glass of great name for themselves, both in

of our men. This young fellow was the beer?"Canada and overseas.

son of a prominent military man. He "Sir, I do not drink liquor."Brethren, there are many things that

had been raised with a silver spoon in The captain said, "The you could be said on an occasion of this his mouth, evidently. He was one of don't. Maybe you will have a cigar kind, but most of them have been said,

those fellows who had a jaunty then."so I will not detain you. I would like

moustache and a little swagger stick, He said, "Thank you, sir, but I do to bring to your attention, though, one and he wore a monocle, a oneeye not smoke."or two paragraphs that might be helpglass. He was a most objectionable The captain seemed much annoyed ful. I hope they will. This is entitled

fellow in the eyes of our young men. by this, and he dismissed the boy from "When Is Success a Failure?"

In fact, his monocle reminds me of the room.

another story. When the young man went back to "When you are doing the lower

I was standing one day between his quarters, some of the lesser officers while the higher is possible,

Picadilly Circus and Leicester Square accosted him angrily and said, "You When you are not a cleaner, finer, talking to an American officer during fool, don't you realize the captain was larger man on account of your the first world war. We saw a man trying to make a friend of you, and work,

coming down the sidewalk with his you insulted him to his face?"When you live only to eat and

hat on one side, swinging a swagger The young Mormon boyanswered, drink, have a good time, and acstick, a Charlie Chaplin moustache, "Gentlemen, if I must be untrue to cumulate money, then success is a and a monocle. I said to the officer, my ideals and my people and do things failure.

"I wonder why those fellows wear a that I have been instructed all my life When you do not carry a higher oneeye glass instead of two."I should not do, I'll quit the army."wealth in your character than in

"Well,"he said, "I'll tell you. A When the time came for the final your pocketbook,

guy like that can see more with one examinations in that camp, the captain When the attainment of your ambieye than he can comprehend."sent this young mart down to Calgary tion has blighted the aspirations

Well, such was the man who came from Sarcee Camp to do some work and crushed the hopes of others, out to recruit the Mormon boys. He for him, and they were having examiWhen hunger for more money, more

spent two weeks in Cardston. He was nations while he was gone. When he land, more houses and bonds has

sent out to organize a squadron of returned the captain said, "Now you grown to be your dominant pasmounted men. He did not get one go in the other room there, and I will sion,

recruit during that two weeks. A lot give you the list of questions, and you When your profession has made you

of them came in and responded to his can write your examination."a physical wreck—a victim of

call, but did not sign up. He went He went in and returned and said, 'nerves'and moods,

back to Ottawa and reported the Mor- "Sir, all the books we have studied are When your absorption in your work mons were disloyal and ought to be there on that desk. Surely you don't has made you practically a stranger

expelled from Canada. want me to write my examination to your family,

The member of parliament from our there where I can turn to those books."When your greed for money has

district at that time was W. A. BuThe captain said, "That is just what darkened and cramped your wife's

chanan, who knew our people very I do want. I know from my knowledge life, and deprived her of selfwell. The matter was taken to the of you that you will not open a one expression, of needed rest and

floor of the parliament, and considerof those books. You will be honorable, recreation, of amusement of any

able agitation was whipped up. Mr. you will be honest, and I trust you."kind,

Buchanan arose and said, "If you will Well, that young man, while overWhen all sympathy and fellowship allow some of their own men to beseas later on in the war, was sent for have been crushed out of your life come officers, you will get all the by his captain, who had then become by selfish devotion to your vocaMormon boys you want."a lieutenant colonel, in response to a tion,

The government finally accepted call from general headquarters for the When you do not overtop your vocahis recommendation, and they sent best man he had in his battalion. They tion, when you are not greater as

word out toPresident Edward J. Wood had a special mission for him to per- a man than as a lawyer, a merto appoint some men to go and take form. They said, "We don't care anychant, a physician or a scientist,

training, which he did. I happened to thing about his education or his trainWhen you plead that you have never

be one who was called in by President ing. We want a man who can't be had time to cultivate your friendWood and called on a threeyear misbroken when put under test. We want ships, your politeness, or your

sion, to go to Calgary and take training a man of character."The lieutenant good manners,

as a militia officer. colonel, his former captain, selected When you have lost on your way

While I was in training, a young and assigned this young man who had your selfrespect, your courage,

Mormon boy came into the camp. He the courage to stand before him and your selfcontrol, or any other

was awkward. He was not educated say, "I do not smoke. I do not drink."quality of manhood, then success

very well, but he was a young Mormon I cite that as a type of thing that has been a failure."

boy who had been taught to live the happens sometimes in military life, gospel. After one parade, when he had and because Brother Packer spoke of Let us take that to heart, brethren,

gone through everything backwards, the military, it reminded me of it. and remember that each of us is being

be was called by the captain to come Well, at the end of the training tested, just as the finest cars and planes into his office. The captain said, "I period we organized a squadron and are tested before they are put into serhave noticed you, young fellow. You took them to Calgary in the years vice. They are tested for weaknesses;

are from Cardston, aren't you?"191214, when, as you know, the first they are tested for flaws. Can you

98 Improvement Era stand the test? At the bar the Judge To live in these great times and have "Behold, ere he is aware, he is left

will not look us over for medals, deyour part unto himself, to kick against the grees, or diplomas, but for scars. Let In freedom's crowning hour; pricks, to persecute the saints, and to

us resolve that there will be no stains. That you may tell your sons who fight against God.

Let every young man who holds the see the light, "We have learned by sad experience priesthood stand himself up against the High in the heavens, their heritage that it is the nature and disposition of wall and look himself over and ask to take, almost all men, as soon as they get a himself to reply honestly, "What kind I saw the powers of darkness take little authority, as they suppose, they of a man are you really? You make a their flight; will immediately begin to exercise

pretty good showing at times, but what I saw the morning break."unrighteous dominion....

is in your heart?"Talk to yourself "Let thy bowels also be full of charalong that line, brethren, and then put Then look forward with courage and ity towards all men, and to the houseyour lives in order. faith, remembering that unless we hold of faith, and let virtue garnish

You young men who are going into have been true, unless we have kept thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall

the service are going to come up against the faith, unless we have kept clean, thy confidence wax strong in the some terrible temptations and some unless we have done the things that we presence of God; and the doctrine of

real tests of courage. God bless you know we ought to do, then we will fail the priesthood shall distil upon thy

that your priesthood may enable you to in this great test. soul as the dews from heaven.

measure up to any responsibility that I must close by drawing your atten- "The Holy Ghost shall be thy conis placed upon you. tion to a very familiar section of the stant companion, and thy scepter an

We are living in very difficult times. Doctrine and Covenants: unchanging scepter of righteousness

They are ominous times. They are "... the rights of the priesthood are and truth; and thy dominion shall be

times when men are getting discourinseparably connected with the powers an everlasting dominion, and without aged. Many references have been made of heaven, and... the powers of heacompulsory means it shall flow unto

to these things during this conference. ven cannot be controlled nor handled thee forever and ever."(D&C 121:36-

I would like to leave with you a poem only upon the principles of righteous39, 4546.)

on what the future portends: ness. God bless you, my brethren. I leave

"That they may be conferred upon with you my own testimony as to the "You that have faith to look with us, it is true; but when we undertake divinity of this work. God has been so

fearless eyes to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, good to me as to make known to me,

Upon the tragedy of a world at strife, our vain ambition, or to exercise conin ways that I cannot explain, that

And know that out of death and trol or dominion or compulsion upon Jesus of Nazareth is the Son of God.

night the souls of the children of men, in I know that he is the Redeemer of this

Shall rise the dawn of amplier life, any degree of unrighteousness, behold, world. I have been close enough to

Rejoice, whatever anguish rend the the heavens withdraw themselves; the him to get from him a convincing testiheart, Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when mony of that fact, which has been

That God has given you the priceless it is withdrawn, Amen to the priestsealed upon my soul. I leave you this

dower hood or the authority of that man. testimony, and I say, as Peter of old

said in answer to the question, "Whom say ye that I am?""Thou art the

Christ, the Son of the living God."

Missionary Reunion know(See Matt.it better16:1516.)than I knowI knowanythingit. I

else, and for that knowledge I am

By Barbara Carr grateful to him. I would like to continue faithful to the end if I can.

go to your as you you now God bless

Set in order. houses Set your All over the city, homes.

in many buildings, your lives in order, for you are going how joyful is the reuniting to be tested as men heretofore have not after six long, eventful months! beenin proportiontested, andas youyou willbuildmakecharacter,good

Fifteen, fifty, five hundred gather. as you do the things you know you

Finally all are seated; ought to do, deprive yourself of the

should you not have, know you talking is hushed: things

to obedience and yield the commandthe meeting begins. ments of God.

Song, prayer, "If a man is primarily after wealth,

If can world whip him. he is priAnd, the awaited visitor from afar speaks. the

after pleasure, the marily world can beat him. But if a man is primarily

Suddenly the hum of whispering growing character, then he can capitalfills the room. ize on anything that life does to him.

depends owns much on a man How What? Showing disrespect to their leader? the height breadth of and depth and

No. The elders are translating his mind and soul and not on his bank

for their girls! account."

May his peace and blessing be with you all, I pray in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

June 1969 99 Sunday morning session, April 6, 1969

Peace in the World

President A. Theodore Tuttle

Of the First Council of the Seventy

My dear brethren and sisters: Debauchery and evil mock virtue. "It no sooner appeared than I found

You may have experienced traveling Hardly anything is now sacred. The myself delivered from the enemy which

through a canyon on a narrow mounworld lieth in sin. held me bound. When the light rested

tain road during a storm. Cloudy, foggy You may be surprised to learn that upon me I saw two Personages, whose

conditions, with rain blowing hard even admitting all of this, I have a brightness and glory defy all descripagainst the windshield, make drivingcalm assurance in my soul. All is not, tion, standing above me in the air.

perilous at best. Suddenly the windnor will it be, lost. This peace that One of them spake unto me, calling

shield wipers lose their synchronization speaks to my heart has not removed me by name and said, pointing to the fight life's another. begin to This Beloved problems, [Joseph,]and but it gives courage one Only is My other—

2:16clear Son. to can face they the windmomentarily Smith Him!"(Joseph Hear them.

shield. The person with you is no May I share with you some of the 17.)

help. He can likewise see only things that I know that give me posiOn another occasion, in 1832, Sidsideways. tive assurance: ney Rigdon was with the Prophet

Now, while this is not like losing the I know that Jesus was born of Mary: Joseph. Together they received a heavmotor or a wheel, you are obviously in that he grew to manhood as "the carenly manifestation recorded thus:

serious trouble. You have either to penter's son"; that he did his Father's "And now, after the many testistop and wait for the fury of the storm will while he walked the earth. monies which have been given of him,

to cease or to proceed on a perilous I know that he taught men the right this is the testimony, last of all, which mountain road in extreme danger—beway to live; and more, that he lived a we give of him: That he lives!

cause you cannot see clearly. perfect life, that he was the example "For we saw him, even on the right

The whole world is in such a storm. of all that he taught. hand of God; and we heard the voice

Dark clouds hover all around. Inter- I know that he took upon himself bearing record that he is the Only

national turmoil, domestic social conthe sins of all men and wrought an Begotten of the Father."(D&C 76:22ditions, and the usual family problems, atonement for them that we can claim 23.)

all seemed solvable before. Now, in by obedience to his laws. On yet another occasion in 1836,

the fury of our times, they close in He was taken and crucified on Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, after upon us and threaten our safe journey. Calvary's hill. arising from solemn and silent prayer,

Present conditions make it impossible He died that we might live. explained: "... the following vision

to see the way clearly. I know that he broke the bonds of was opened to both of us."(IntroducHowever, unlike driving, we have death, rose from the grave the third tion to Section 110.)

not the alternative to stop living and day, and appeared unto many. "The veil was taken from our minds,

wait for the storm clouds to lift. We I know that he lives today. and the eyes of our understanding were

must face life's tempest. Robert Frost There is other knowledge equally opened.

spoke a truth when he said, "The only important. I testify that God the "We saw the Lord standing upon

way out is through."Father and his Son Jesus Christ, in the the breastwork of the pulpit, before us;

Crime is soaring. Disobedience and year 1820, appeared to a young man, and under his feet was a paved work

lawlessness increase. Modesty is disJoseph Smith. Regarding this marvelous of pure gold, in color like amber.

appearing. Drunkenness and immoralmanifestation Joseph Smith wrote: "His eyes were as a flame of fire;

ity run rampant. The forces of evil "... I saw a pillar of light exactly the hair of his head was white like

with sinister intent strike directly at over my head, above the brightness the pure snow; his countenance shone

the very vitals of society—the home of the sun, which descended gradually above the brightness of the sun; and his

and our children. Values are distorted. until it fell upon me. voice was as the sound of the rushing

100 Improvement Era of great waters, even the voice of Jeclosing their doors for lack of at- "Where there is no vision, the people hovah, saying: tendance, one of the most pressing perish."(Prov. 29:18.) We have been

"I am the first and the last; I am problems of The Church of Jesus Christ given the vision. We have been inhe who liveth, I am he who was slain; of Latterday Saints is to provide suffistructed.

I am your advocate with the Father."cient meeting halls for growth and Speaking of the great tribulations to

(D&C 110:1-4. Italics added.) expansion. This church invites your come in the latter days, the Lord gave

I know these things are true. The investigation. this assurance: "... my people will I

significant thing, however, is that you The unique position of being the preserve."(Moses 7:61. Italics added.)

also can know for yourself! You can restored Church appeals to people of Later he counseled: "... if ye are

are prepared ye shall not fear."(D&C

38:30.)knowprocess—adherenceby followingto thethegospelprescribedprinciwisdomseeking forandthereason—peopletruth. This churchwho has

ples that the Savior taught. particular appeal to men. If you could And again he has promised: "But

Let me tell you what this testimony see this congregation here this morning, learn that he who doeth the works of and knowledge means. It brings peace you would know it attracts men—men righteousness shall receive his reward,

and confidence and calm assurance. It of capacity and stature in the work of even peace in this world, and eternal

stimulates right conduct. It fosters the world. Here are husbands and life in the world to come."(D&C

repentance from sin. This assurance fathers who receive guidance from this 59:23.) I believe in that promise.

does not mean inactivity; rather, it great church to unify and bless their I am grateful to be a member of the

generates positive action. It motivates homes. Church of which the Lord by his own

Christian acts of kindness. It opens Here are men who come to listen voice has declared: "... the only true

channels to heavenly power. to a prophet's counsel. They seek diand living church upon the face of the

Do you realize that the power of rection in these troubled times from a whole earth, with which I, the Lord,

God is available in this Church today seer. A seer is one who sees. We have am well pleased "(D&C 1:30.)

as it was with the apostles of old? not been disappointed. The prophet As a member of this church I have

In the midst of the turmoil we preshas said: full confidence in "the prophecies and

ently face, how would you like to have 1. Strengthen the home. promises which... [the Lord has

someone take you by the hand as it 2. Youth, keep yourselves pure and said] shall all be fulfilled."(D&C

were and lift you up and guide you? virtuous. Intelligent home building 1:37.)

How would you like to hear a prophet's begins in your teens. It is the chief I know that if we will follow the

voice give continued heaveninspired factor to a happy home. counsel from these brethren, we can

guidance? How would you like to be- 3. Marriage is ordained of God. be prepared, and we need not fear. We

long to a divinely organized church Guard the sacredness of your marriage can make our way along the road of that provides a familyoriented program vow. life safely.

to help you teach your family correctly? 4. Marriage is a sacred obligation And I know that by doing the works

Where is a family that could not use and a covenant that is eternal or that of righteousness, we can all have peace this kind of assistance today? may be made eternal. The bearing in this world and eternal life in the

It ought to mean something to you and rearing of children is the highest world to come. In the name of Jesus

that while many other churches are of all human duties. Christ. Amen.

"Mrs. Patton, Arthur Lives 99

Elder Thomas S. Monson

Of the Council of the Twelve

The vast throng assembled in the from faroff Australia. on this flight, I was awakened by the

Tabernacle this Easter morning is a The flight from Brisbane, Australia, calm, resonant sound of the pilot's beautiful sight. I recognize among you to San Francisco is a long one. There voice as he announced: "Ladies and

those who have traveled great disis time to read, time to sleep, and time gentlemen, we're now passing over the tances to be at the conference—even to ponder and think. As a passenger Coral Sea, scene of the great sea battle

June 1969 101 of World War II."proached the familiar walkway to the quiring childhood and then to reflecThrough the cabin window I could Patton home, wondering what words tive maturity. We experience joy and

see billowy white clouds, and far beof comfort could come from the lips of sorrow, fulfillment and disappointlow, the azure blue of the vast Pacific. a mere boy. ment, success and failure; taste the

My thoughts turned to the events of The door opened, and Mrs. Patton sweet, yet sample the bitter. This is

that fateful eighth day of May in 1942 embraced me as she would her own mortality.

when the mammoth aircraft carrier son. Home became a chapel, as a Then to each life comes the experiLexington slipped to its final resting griefstricken mother and a lessthan- ence known as death. None is exempt.

place on the ocean floor. Twentyseven adequate boy knelt in prayer. All must pass its portals. Death claims

hundred and thirtyfive sailors scramArising from our knees, Mrs. Patton the aged, the weary and worn. It visits

bled to safety. Others were not so gazed into my eyes and spoke: "Tom, I the youth in the bloom of hope and

fortunate. One who went down with belong to no church, but you do. Tell glory of expectation. Nor are the little

his ship was my boyhood friend, me, will Arthur live again?"children kept beyond its grasp. In the

Arthur Patton. Time dims the memory of that conwords of the apostle Paul: "... it is

May I tell you about Arthur? He had versation. The present whereabouts of appointed unto men once to die...."

blond, curly hair and a smile as big as Mrs. Patton is not known to me; but, (Heb. 9:27.)

all outdoors. Arthur stood taller than Mrs. Patton, wherever you are, from To most, there is something sinister

any boy in the class. I suppose this is the backdrop of my personal experience, and mysterious about this unwelcome

how he was able to fool the recruiting I should like to once more answer your visitor called death. Perhaps it is a

officers and enlist in the Navy at the question, "Will Arthur live again?"fear of the unknown that causes many

tender age of 15. To Arthur and most I suppose we could say that this is a to dread his coming.

of the boys, the war was a great aduniversal question, for who has not at a Arthur Patton died quickly. Others

venture. I remember how striking he time of bereavement pondered the same linger. Not long ago I held the thin

appeared in his navy uniform. How thought? hand of a youth as he approached the

we wished we were older, or at least Death leaves in its cruel wake brink of eternity. "I know I am dying,"

taller, so we too could enlist. shattered dreams, unfulfilled ambihe said touchingly. "What follows

Youth is a very special time of life. tions, crushed hopes. In our helplessdeath?"

As Longfellow wrote: ness, we turn to others for assurance. I turned to the scriptures and read to

Men of letters and leaders of renown him:

"How beautiful is youth! How bright can express their beliefs, but they can- "Then shall the dust return to the

it gleams not provide definitive answers. earth as it was: and the spirit shall

With its illusions, aspirations, The dim light of belief must yield to return unto God who gave it."(Eccles.

dreams! the noonday sun of revelation. We 12:7.)

Book of Beginnings, Story without End, turn backward in time, that we might "... there is a time appointed unto

Each maid a heroine, and each man go forward with hope. Back, back bemen that they shall rise from the dead;

a friend!"—"Moritus Salutamus"yondgeneration,the silentthe lostgeneration,generation.the Back,beat ofanddeaththere andis a thespaceresurrection.between the.. time.

back beyond the Space Age, the Com- "... concerning the state of the soul

Arthur's mother was so proud of the puter Age, the Industrial Age. Back, between death and the resurrection

blue star that graced her living room back to Him who walked the dusty Behold... the spirits of all men, as

window. It represented to every passerpaths of villages we now reverently soon as they are -departed from this

by that her son wore the uniform of call the Holy Land, to him who caused mortal body... are taken home to that

his country. When I would pass the the blind to see, the deaf to hear, the God who gave them life."(Al. 40:9.

house, she often opened the door and lame to walk, and the dead to live, to 11.)

invited me in to read the latest letter him who tenderly and lovingly asTo me, the lad said, "Thank you."

from Arthur. Her eyes would fill with sured us, "I am the way, the truth, To my Heavenly Father I said silently,

tears, and I would then be asked to and the life."(John 14:6.) "Thank thee, oh God, for truth."

read aloud. Arthur meant everything The plan of life and an explanation Mrs. Patton, do not grieve as you

to his widowed mother. I can still of its eternal course come to us from think of your boy in the depths of the

picture Mrs. Patton's coarse hands as the Master of heaven and earth, even Pacific or question how God's purshe would carefully replace the letter Jesus Christ the Lord. To understand poses can be fulfilled. Remember the

in its envelope. These were honest the meaning of death, we must apprewords of the psalmist: "If I take the

hands that bore the worker's seal. Mrs. ciate the purpose of life. wings of the morning, and dwell in

Patton was a cleaning woman—a janiIn this dispensation, the Lord dethe uttermost parts of the sea;

tress for a downtown office building. clared: "And now, verily I say unto "Even there shall thy hand lead me,

Each day of her life except Sundays, you, I was in the beginning with the and thy right hand shall hold me."

she could be seen walking up the sideFather and am the Firstborn."(D&C (Ps. 139:9-10.)

walk, pail and brush in hand, her gray 93:21.) "Man was also in the beginGod has not forsaken you, Mrs. Pathair combed in a tight bob, her ning with God."(D&C 93:29.) ton. He sent his Only Begotten Son

shoulders weary from work and stooped Jeremiah the prophet recorded, "... into the world to teach us by example

with age. the word of the Lord came unto me, the life we should live. His Son died

Then came the Battle of the Coral saying, Before I formed thee... I knew upon the cross to redeem all mankind.

Sea, the sinking of the Lexington, and thee; and before thou earnest forth... His words to the grieving Martha and

the death of Arthur Patton. The blue I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a to his disciples today bring comfort to

star was taken from its hallowed spot prophet unto the nations."(Jer. 1:4-5.) you: "... I am the resurrection, and

in the front window. It was replaced From that majestic world of spirits the life: he that believeth in me,

by one of gold. A light went out in the we enter the grand stage of life even to though he were dead, yet shall he live:

life of Mrs. Patton. She groped in utter prove ourselves obedient to all things "And whosoever liveth and believeth

darkness and deep despair. commanded of God. During mortality in me shall never die...."(John

With a prayer in my heart, I apwe grow from helpless infancy to in11:2526.)

102 Improvement Era "In my Father's house are many heart: and ye shall find rest unto your And after that the dark!

mansions: if it were not so, I would souls."(Matt. 11:2829.) And may there be no sadness of farehave told you. I go to prepare a place Such knowledge will sustain you in well,

for you. your heartache. You will never be in When I embark;

"... I will come again, and receive the tragic situation of the disbeliever

you unto myself; that where I am, who, having lost a son, was heard to "For tho'from out our bourne of Time

there ye may be also."(John 14:2-3.) say, as she watched the casket lowered and Place

Mrs. Patton, the testimonies of John into mother earth, "Goodbye, my boy. The flood may bear me far,

the revelator and Paul the apostle are Goodbye forever."Rather, with head I hope to see my Pilot face to face

also significant to you. John recorded: erect, courage undaunted, and faith When I have crossed the bar.""... I saw the dead, small and great, unwavering, you can lift your eyes as—"Crossing the Bar"

stand before God;... you look beyond the gently breaking

"And the sea gave up the dead which waves of the blue Pacific and whisper, To the words of the poet I add the were in it."(Rev. 20:1213.) "Goodbye, Arthur, my precious son. testimony of a witness. Mrs. Patton,

Paul declared: "... as in Adam Goodbye—until we meet again."God our Father is mindful of you.

all die, even so in Christ shall all be And the words of Tennyson may Through sincere prayer you can commade alive."(1 Cor. 15:22.) come to you as though spoken by your municate with him. He, too, had a

Until the glorious resurrection mornboy: son who died, even Jesus Christ the

ing, we walk by faith. "For now we Lord. He is our advocate with the

see through a glass, darkly; but then "Sunset and evening star, Father, the Prince of Peace, our Savior

face to face...."(1 Cor. 13:12.) And one clear call for me! and Divine Redeemer. One day we

Jesus invites you, Mrs. Patton, "Come And may there be no moaning of the shall see him face to face.

unto me, all ye that labour and are bar, In his blessed name I declare to you heavy laden, and I will give you rest. When I put out to sea.... the solemn and sacred truth: Oh, Mrs.

"Take my yoke upon you, and learn Patton, Arthur lives! In the name of

of me; for I am meek and lowly in "Twilight and evening bell, Jesus Christ. Amen.

To Know God

Elder Harold B. Lee

Of the Council of the Twelve

In the spirit of that beautiful hymn and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast was from a statement made by the which has been something of a dedicasent."(John 17:1-3.) Prophet Joseph Smith in a funeral

tion to this glorious session, I seek for Some questions being asked today sermon delivered in Nauvoo, Illinois, the spirit which has actuated this conhave recalled these and other scriptures. shortly before his martyrdom, in about

ference thus far. One man asked: How can one find 1843.

Today, I would take as something God? In answering this man's question, I

of a text the words of our Savior and To him I gave a hurried answer. One must hasten to assure him that the

Redeemer just prior to his betrayal, as finds God in the same way he finds question of his Church membership recorded in the Gospel of John. anything—by searching. The Master and his worthiness to continue as a

"These words spake Jesus, and lifted had answered to a similar question: member must be left to the determinaup his eyes to heaven, and said... "If any man will do his will, he shall tion of local Church authorities charged

glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may know...."(John 7:17.) with the responsibility of making that

glorify thee: Another man wrote: "If a member decision.

"As thou hast given him power over cannot believe the concept that God I would rather be concerned in an all flesh, that he should give eternal himself was once as we are now, and attempt to enlarge his views and his life to as many as thou hast given him. sits enthroned in yonder heavens,"is understanding as to the true concept

"And this is life eternal, that they this justification for excommunication of that glorified being whom all somight know the.e the only true God, from the Church? This, he has quoted, called Christians worship as God, our

June 1969 103 Heavenly Father. "In the celestial glory there are would be as easy for an ant to number

The reasoning of Joseph Smith, in three heavens or degrees; the grains of sand on the earth. It is

the partial statement from which he "And in order to obtain the highest, not for man, with his limited intellihas quoted, "that God was once as we a man must enter into this order of the gence, to grasp eternity in his compreare now,"is given additional strength priesthood [meaning the new and everhension.... What, then, should be the

if our brother will recall the words ol lasting covenant of marriage]; calling and duty of the children of

the Master: 'The Son can do nothing "And if he does not, he cannot obmen? Instead of inquiring after the

of himself, but what he seeth the tain it. origin of the Gods—instead of trying

Father do; for what things soever he "He may enter into the other, but to explore the depths of eternities that

[the Father] doeth, these also docth that is the end of his kingdom; he have been, that are, and that will be,

the Son likewise."(John 5:19.) cannot have an increase."instead of endeavoring to discover the

When we consider the fact that our President Young again expands upon boundaries of boundless space, let them

Lord and Master, Jesus of Nazareth, the meaning of this quotation: seek to know the object of their present

one of the Godhead, came to tabernacle "... The kingdoms he possesses and existence, and how to apply, in the

in mortality, then this quoted staterules over are his own progeny. Every most profitable manner for their

ment, taken literally, is of great sigman who is faithful and gets a salvamutual good and salvation, the intellinificance. tion and glory, and becomes a king of gence they possess...."(Brigham

The scriptures make it plain to the kings and Lord of Lords, or a father of Young, in Journal of Discourses, Vol. 7,

student of these sacred writings that fathers, it will be by the increase of p. 284.)

there are three personages in the Godhis own progeny. Our Father and God Then, finally, this most timely adhead: (1) God, the Eternal Father, rules over his own children. Wherever monition:

also known as the Father of our spirits, there is a God in all the eternities "Let them seek to know and thor- (2) his Son, Jesus Christ, the Redeemer, possessing a kingdom and glory and oughly understand things within their even Jehovah, and (3) the Holy Ghost. power it is by means of his progreach, and to make themselves well acWe are told in an inspired explanaeny...."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. quainted with the object of their being

tion that "the Father has a body of 11, p. 262.) here, by diligently seeking unto a suflesh and bones as tangible as man's; There are those who would think to perior Power for information, and by

the Son also; but the Holy Ghost has go beyond that which God has revealed. the careful study of the best books."

not a body of flesh and bones, but is It was to such as these, who would (Ibid., pp. 28485.)

a personage of Spirit...."(D&C seek to penetrate that curtain of reThe ancient prophet was not speak130:22.) vealed truth, that inspired writers of ing idly when he declared in exaltaSurely one must stop and ponder our early leaders posed a profound tion, "O how great the holiness of

deeply the biblical account of the question that was later given a musical our God! For he knoweth all things,

creation, where God declared: "Let us setting in one of our most beloved and there is not anything save he

make man in our image, after our likehymns: knows it."(2 Ne. 9:20.)

ness "(Gen. 1:26.) Neither was the profound injunction

And later, after Adam's act of trans- "If you could hie to Kolob to his disciples meaningless. "Be ye

gression, the Lord God said to one other In the twinkling of an eye, therefore perfect, even as your Father who was with him: "Behold, the man And then continue onward which is in heaven is perfect."(Matt.

is become as one of us...."(Moses With that same speed to fly, 5:48.)

4:28.) D'ye think that you could ever, The Master was speaking of a state

If man, then, was created after the Through all eternity, of ultimate perfection to which all image and likeness of his glorified Find out the generation might attain through their faithfulness.

Creator, and afterward man became Where Gods began to be? About this fullness of knowledge,

as one with those who had created and power, and glory, the Prophet him, then the doubts in my friend's "Or see the grand beginning, Joseph Smith said this:

mind must begin to be resolved, and Where space did not extend? "When you climb up a ladder, you

he can then come to see the grandeur Or view the last creation, must begin at the bottom, and ascend of this greater concept of the living Where Gods and matter end? step by step, until you arrive at the

God whom we worship. Methinks the Spirit whispers, top; and so it is with the principles

Commenting on this same teaching, No man has found "pure space,"of the gospel—you must begin with the

President Brigham Young had this to Nor seen the outside curtains, first, and go on until you learn all the say: "... it must be that God knows Where nothing has a place. principles of exaltation. But it will be

something about temporal things, and a great while after you have passed has had a body and been on an earth; "The works of God continue, through the veil before you will have

were it not so He would not know how And worlds and lives abound; learned them. It is not all to be

to judge men righteously, according to Improvement and progression comprehended in this world; it will

the temptations and sins they have had Have one eternal round. be a great work to learn our salvation

to contend with."(Journal of DisThere is no end to matter; and exaltation even beyond the

courses, Vol. 4, p. 271.) There is no end to space; grave...."(King Follett Discourse,

The sacred writings of the prophets There is no end to spirit; Documentary History of the Church,

speak of an exalted state to which man There is no end to race."Vol. 6, pp. 306-7.)

may attain, which is called eternal (Hymns, No. 257.) A few weeks ago we met in Chicago

life, or life in the presence of God and with 165 young men who are going into our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. A prophetleader of our dispensation military service, or who are in their

Those who can attain to this highest then extends this great wisdom to all basic training in nearby military traindegree of glory are spoken of in a truth seekers: ing stations.

revelation we know as Doctrine and "Many 'have tried to penetrate to In a discussion period of the seminar

Covenants 131:1-4: the First Cause of all things; but it being conducted to give them a perspec104 Improvement Era

tive of their opportunities in the modern prophet: conversed with him, as though to

Church while they were in military "These are incomprehensible ideas demonstrate their tangible reality, as service, they began asking questions to some, but they are simple. It is the the dispensation of the fulness of times

about deep theological problems with first principle of the gospel to know was ushered in, in preparation for the which they said they were confronted for a certainty the character of God, second coming of the Lord to reign as by their inquiring friends: about condiand to know that we may converse Lord of lords and King of kings at the

tions in the premortal world, about with Him as one man converses with commencement of the millennium.

the creation, about eternal marriage another...."(DHC, Vol. 6, p. 305.) His Church, bearing his name, is

and temple work, about the hereafter. Time does not permit a further exupon the earth. To his Church, through

The wise and able teacher drew a position of these most vital truths a living prophet, "he has revealed,...

diagram on the blackboard to resemble relative to our personal relationship to does now reveal, and... will yet reveal

ascending steps and then asked a simour Heavenly Father and to our Lord many great and important things perple, logical question: To reach the topand Master, Jesus Christ. taining to the Kingdom of God."

most step on a ladder, where must you This relationship is nowhere more (Article of Faith 9.)

begin? The answer was obvious: with aptly expounded, than in the apostle With all this knowledge that,

the bottom step first. Paul's sermon on Mars hill, in Athens, through revelation, is available to us

Then, to teach one to understand where he found an inscription: "To the and, through diligent efforts on our

the highest principles and ordinances, Unknown God,"whom these devout part, can be made available to all the where should one begin? Grecians were "ignorantly"worshiping. world, if we yet stand in ignorance of

"With the first principles of the This is his clear and forceful testithe true God and Jesus Christ, his Son, gospel,"came the answer. The discusmony of the true God, who to them, at we might one day be among those to

sion brought out that these first princithat time, was unknown: whom our Master may ask again a

ples are: faith, gospel of the repentance, hath blood "[God] of one made all searching will imply question—which

ofbaptism nations remission for the immersion for to by dwell all the on men a stern his to he did rebuke—as

sins,of gift of earth, the receiving of face and the of the and hath determined disciples of a former dispensation.

the Holy Ghost, by which one could the times before appointed, and the Jesus asked his disciples, "Have I come to know the truth of all things, bounds of their habitation; been so long time with you, and yet

the greatest of which revealed knowl- "That they should seek the Lord... hast thou not known me...? he that

edge would be the true knowledge of and find him, though he be not far hath seen me hath seen the Father...,"

God. from every one of us: (John 14:9.)

This lesson, of course, was merely an- "For in him we live, and move, and The fundamental and soulsatisfying other way to impress what the Master have our being;... For we are also step in our eternal quest is to come in a

meant when he answered a question I his offspring. day when each does know, for himhave previously quoted: "If any man "Forasmuch then as we are the self, that God answers his prayers.

would know of his doctrine,"they must offspring of God, we ought not to This will come only after "our soul do his will and keep his commandthink that the Godhead is like unto hungers,"and after mighty prayer and ments. The apostle Paul had said that gold, or silver, or stone, graven by supplication, and after, as one who,

one of the prime purposes of the orgaart and man's device. as a faithful defender of the faith, in

nization of the Church was "for the "And the times of this ignorance God past generations has testified: "Into my

edifying of the body of Christ [or the winked at; but now commandeth all heart, purified of all sin, there entered

Church], till we all come in... the men every where to repent."(Acts a light that came from on high, and

of ofknowledge the unto a 17:2630.) Son God, then suddenly marvelous and in a man-

..."(see 4:1213), Eph.perfect man In this dispensation, as has been the ner I doubt."succeed saw certainty

which knowledge, the apostle Paul excase in all previous dispensations of (Cyprian.)

plained, no man could have except by the gospel upon the earth, there was May the Lord put within each of us the revelations of the Holy Ghost. (See given through the modern prophet, the determination to put our lives in

1 Cor. 12:3.) Joseph Smith, the true knowledge of order, to the end that we too may know

The wisdom of the teacher's reply to God and his Son, our Savior, when, as with a "certainty that succeeds doubt"the young men in Chicago is imglorified personal beings who could that God does live, and that through pressed by another statement from a talk with and be seen of men, they the glorious mission of our Lord and

Savior, we too can live again in that realm where God and Christ dwell—to

obtain which is to attain eternal life.

To all of this, I add my humble testimony as to this true knowledge of

God, even as the Master answered: "If

any man will do his will, he shall

Slight Deception know of the doctrine, whether it be of

God, or whether I speak of myself."

By Carol Lynn Pearson (JohnIn this7:17.)dispensation, when the fullness of the gospel is upon the earth,

An adjustable lens is best I sincerely pray that truth seekers everywhere may not "walk in the darkFor seeing sin: ness at noonday."In unison with all

To soften the view when looking of those who have this witness, I too out, know that my Redeemer lives, to which

To sharpen it when looking in. IthebearLordsolemnJesus testimonyChrist. Amen.in the name of

June 1969 105 Sunday afternoon session, April 6, 1969

The Reality of the Resurrection

Elder Howard W. Hunter

Of the Council of the Twelve

Nearly two thousand years ago, center of the city was the great marketful, as demonstrated by the large

Corinth was one of the most celeplace surrounding the bronze statue of branch which was established by the brated cities of Greece, founded 1,500 Athena and the temple of Apollo, the many converts.

years before the Christian era, supmost prominent ruin from antiquity. At the conclusion of his labors, Paul

posedly by the grandfather of Ulysses. Riches produced luxury, and luxury sailed from Corinth, stopping at

Because of its strategic position, it a total corruption of morals. On the Ephesus and Caesarea, then traveled to

commanded the commerce and navigaAcrocorinthus rising abruptly above the Jerusalem and returned to Antioch.

tion of the Mediterranean Sea from city was the famous Temple of After a rest, he commenced another the Straits of Gibraltar on the west Aphrodite, the goddess of carnal love, missionary journey. While again in

to the great seaport of Alexandria on symbolic of the domination of the city Ephesus, word came to him from sevthe east. With the decline of the by licentious impulses. There were eral sources of a crisis developing in

Greek political power and civilization, many other temples dedicated to imthe branch of the church in Corinth.

the Roman power was expanded over moral practices, but in this one temple One of the fascinating subjects in the the Mediterranean world by a series alone there were a thousand virgins life of the apostle is the exchange of of successful wars. engaged as slaves to the goddess in communications and news between

It was in one of these wars, 146 temple prostitution. The inhabitants him and his converts in Corinth. The

years before Christ, that Corinth was of the city were as lascivious as they communications revealed that there destroyed by the Romans but afterwere learned. were factions forming in the branch

ward rebuilt under Julius Caesar as a It was to this city, notorious even in with different views regarding moral

Roman colony. The city and harbors the world of that time for drunkenness conduct and doctrine. Some of the

which it controlled are about 50 miles and sensuality, that Paul came as a converts were assuming a libertine or west of Athens. It was not the philomissionary in the spring of the year freethinking attitude with respect to

sophical center that Athens was 50 a.d. He was the first missionary to the doctrines which had been taught

acclaimed to be, but it was the capital carry the gospel of Christ to Greece. to them by Paul and the missionaries

of the Roman province and ranked Some of the regions through which he who worked with him. Some were

with Ephesus and Antioch as great had passed on the way to Corinth were defending loose sexual standards that commercial centers. According to the receptive to his teaching; others were were rampant in the notorious city.

historical records, it was known as the not. In Athens there were a few conThese problems came into being bewealthiest city of Greece. verts, but there is no record of a branch cause of the background of the new

It is said that the city of Corinth of the church being established there. converts and the conditions of the time

exceeded all the cities of the world The success at Corinth was a contrast. and place in which they were living.

at that time for the splendor and magPaul got a strong foothold, and the They were reactions to the new faith nificence of its public buildings. The branch which was established became which had been taught to them against

temples, palaces, theaters, and other one of the most important of the early the old background which had been edifices were ornamented with the church. part of their former conduct and

columns, capitals, and bases which have The record tells us that he stayed thinking.

become patterns for the Corinthian 18 months in Corinth, longer than in It was his concern over these disapstyle of architecture all over the world. any other city except Ephesus, but we pointing happenings and also the quesThe statues of Jupiter, Venus, Nephave little information concerning the tions that had been asked of him in

tune, Diana, Apollo, and other Roman missionary work of these months. Sevthe communications that caused Paul

gods and goddesses that adorned the eral epistles were written to the Saints to write a letter to the saints at Corcity are known today as some of the in other branches of the church during inth at Easter time, the anniversary finest art objects of this period. In the this stay, and his labors were successof the resurrection of Jesus. The letter

106 Improvement Era was not intended to be an organized that Jesus was raised from the dead. but bare grain, it may chance of wheat,

doctrinal presentation of faith, but an Paul was saying that he accepted or of some other grain:

admonition to the saints and an anthe testimony of those who had seen "But God giveth it a body as it hath swer to their questions. It portrays him, and if there was doubt in the pleased him, and to every seed his

the simple, unphilosophical character minds of the saints of Corinth, they own body."(1 Cor. 15:3638.)

of the gospel of the crucified Christ. could verify these facts from living Paul then explains in his letter the

This letter, which has been preserved persons. Then follows this significant differences existing in various bodies:

as part of scripture, casts light on the statement: "All flesh is not the same flesh: but

many aspects of the writer's thoughts "And last of all he was seen of me there is 'one kind of flesh of men, anand also the problems which arose in also, as one born out of due time."other flesh of beasts, another of fishes,

the early branches of the church. In (1 Cor. 15:8.) and another of birds.

this letter, which we know as First Thus Paul adds his personal witness, "There are also celestial bodies, and

Corinthians, Paul pleads with them referring to his experience on the way bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the

to abstain from dissensions, to be of to Damascus when he was suddenly celestial is one, and the glory of the one mind, and to be unified. He changed from a persecutor to one of terrestrial is another.

reprimands them for their fornicathe greatest exponents. He refers to "There is one glory of the sun, and

tions, immorality, and loose sex mores. himself as "one born out of due time,"another glory of the moon, and another

The letter admonishes the women not that is, after the time that Jesus conglory of the stars: for one star differto follow the modernistic tendencies versed in person with his followers. eth from another star in glory."(1

which they were embracing, and it His dramatic change and conversion Cor. 15:3941.)

teaches the saints how to properly obis used in his argument as the final Now follows one of the most misserve the Lord's Supper. point to prove the actual resurrection understood and controversial stateThe last subject of the letter is an of Jesus. Paul was anxious that the ments made by Paul:

extensive discussion of the resurrecsaints would not only believe, but "So also is the resurrection of the tion. It is not clear whether there was should never have the least doubt as dead. It is sown in corruption; it is

a division of the saints on this subject, to this basic fact upon which eternal raised in incorruption:

whether the question had been asked life hinges. The writer of the letter "It is sown in dishonour; it is raised

in the communications, or whether it then asks this question: in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is

was the Easter season that caused Paul "Else what shall they do which are raised in power:

to dwell so heavily upon the subject baptized for the dead, if the dead r'e "It is sown a natural body; it is raised

of the resurrection. In any event, this not at all? why are they then bapt: a spiritual body. There is a natural

letter to the saints gives the earliest for the dead?"(1 Cor. 15:29.) body, and there is a spiritual body."

and most important witness to the This is a challenging question. Why (1 Cor. 15:4244.)

resurrection of the Savior. are you performing vicarious baptisms Because Paul distinguishes between

Paul commences by saying: for those who are dead if there is no a natural body and a spiritual body,

"For I delivered unto you first of resurrection? History bears out the facts and had previously referred to the seed

all that which I also received, how of the practice of baptizing for those planted in the ground, a false conthat Christ died for our sins according who had died without the benefit of clusion is reached from the analogy.

to the scriptures; this ordinance. It would seem certain, It is argued that the seed itself is not

"And that he was buried, and that from the question that was asked by harvested—it dies in the ground and

he rose again the third day according Paul, that this vicarious practice was there comes forth a new plant; thereto the scriptures."(1 Cor. 15:3-4.) followed in the branch of the church fore, this is so with the body which is

This statement indicates the source in Corinth. taken. query His is well buried in forth a comes the ground—it

of of the resurrection. his knowledge in There would be no sense such spiritual difbody, something new and

The story of the crucifixion has been ordinances except there be a resurrecferent. This appears to be strengthened

related in scripture from the visible tion. Nothing matters if there is not by the fact that Paul adds: "Now this

facts of what was seen and what was a resurrection; everything would end I say, brethren, that flesh and blood

actually heard during those dark hours, in the darkness of death. Paul then cannot inherit the kingdom of God.

but the account of the resurrection was quotes Isaiah: "... let us eat, and..."(1 Cor. 15:50.)

a proclamation or a declaration of drink; for to morrow we die."(1 Cor. Now let me point up the fallacy of

what had happened when the crucified 15:32.) Only a person of atheistic this reasoning by this statement from

Lord took up his body from the dead beliefs could sink to such depths of scripture:

and arose from the tomb. Paul indiirreverence, but the reality of a resur- "And the spirit and the body are

cates in these opening words that his rection gives hope; it is uplifting, a joy the soul of man.

knowledge came to him by revelation to the righteous. "And the resurrection from the dead

from God, not from man. Then he Paul now turns to an explanation is the redemption of the soul."(D&C

adds: of the nature of the resurrected body: 88:1516.)

"And that he was seen of Cephas, "But some man will say, How are the There is a separation of the spirit and then of the twelve: dead raised up? and with what body the body at the time of death. The

"After that, he was seen of above do they come?"(1 Cor. 15:35.) After resurrection will again unite the spirit

five hundred brethren at once; of whom asking that question, he proceeds to with the body, and the body becomes

the greater part remain unto this explain the change of the body in its a spiritual body, one of flesh and bones present, but some are fallen asleep. resurrected state by using the analogy but quickened by the spirit instead of

"After that, he was seen of James; of the seed that is placed in the ground, blood. Thus, our bodies after the resurthen of all the apostles."(1 Cor. giving birth to the new plant. These rection, quickened by the spirit, shall

15:5-7.) are his words: become immortal and never die. This

These appearances to other persons, "Thou fool, that which thou sowest is the meaning of the statements of many of whom were then yet living is not quickened, except it die: Paul that "there is a natural body, and

and who had actually seen him, were "And that which thou sowest, thou there is a spiritual body"and "that cited as additional proof of the fact sowest not that body that shall be, flesh and blood cannot inherit the

June 1969 107 kingdom of God."The natural body shewed them his hands and his feet."was the witness of Paul to the saints

is flesh and blood, but quickened by (Luke 24:3640.) at Corinth, and the message applies

the spirit instead of blood, it can and Not a spirit, but a body reunited to us in this day, living as we do in a will enter the kingdom. with the spirit—a spiritual body as world that can be compared in many

The best example of the validity of defined by Paul. ways to Corinth of old. In a society of

this position—and which portrays the "We believe that through the Atoneturmoil, immorality, freethinking, and truth of the resurrection—is the hapment of Christ, all mankind may be questioning of the reality of God, we

pening which we commemorate at this saved, by obedience to the laws and reach out for the simplicity of the

Easter season, when Jesus came forth ordinances of the Gospel."(Article of gospel of Jesus Christ—the gospel

from the tomb, the first fruits of the Faith 3.) which gives to us comfort, hope, a deresurrection. The record tells us he We also believe in the literal resursire for righteousness, and peace in

appeared to many and they recognized rection of the body, reunited with the one's heart.

him, the most specific example occurspirit, becoming the spiritual body or I have a conviction that God lives ring that first Easter day when ten of the soul as defined by scripture. If we and that Jesus is the Christ. As Paul

the Twelve were together, and "Jesus should eliminate from our religious bebore testimony to the saints of Corinth himself stood in the midst of them, liefs the doctrine of the atonement and by his letter at that Easter season many and saith unto them, Peace be unto resurrection of Jesus Christ and the years ago, I add my witness that we you. resurrection of mankind, there would shall rise from mortal death to have

"But they were,, terrified and afbe nothing left but a code of ethics. life everlasting, because of the atonfrighted, and supposed that they had The propositions of ethics may be ing sacrifice and resurrection of the

seen a spirit. noble, but they lack those elements of Savior. In my mind I picture him with

"And he said unto them, Why are the gospel that lead men to eternal arms outstretched to all who will hear:

ye troubled? and why do thoughts exaltation. Philosophy and theology "... I am the resurrection, and the

arise in your hearts? may be interesting and give us lofty life: he that believeth in me, though

"Behold my hands and my feet, concepts, and we may become inspired he were dead, yet shall he live:

that it is I myself: handle me, and see; by profound thinking, but Christian "And whosoever liveth and believeth

for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, faith is based upon the simplicity of in me shall never die."(John

as ye see me have. the gospel, the example, the life, and 11:2526.)

"And when he had thus spoken, he the teachings of Jesus Christ. This In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The GIANT System

Elder Theodore M. Burton

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters, many people earnestly for wisdom and sought tain knowledge, for an understanding have asked me about the new GIANT counsel to know the mind of the Lord of how this principle applies particusystem of genealogy announced by the for our day. We met frequently with larly to the GIANT system.

First Presidency in the last general our present leaders and presented We live in a world so complex and conference. Where did this idea come questions directly to the First Presiinvolved that sometimes life becomes

from, and what is the reason for this dency for answers. a frustrating experience. There are

change? As we received greater light and many kinds of voices in the world, and

The answer is that it developed knowledge, we had to revise some of as Paul explained to the Corinthians:

naturally out of our present system. our new ideas and concepts until, by "So likewise ye, except ye utter by

As problems arose in the system we listening to the whisperings of the the tongue words easy to be understood, were using, we began to study them Spirit, a system finally evolved that how shall it be known what is spoken?

out in our own minds. We consulted could be approved for presentation to for ye shall speak into the air.

earlier revelations and directions from the people. May I discuss for a few "There are, it may be, so many kinds

former Church leaders and then prayed moments in general terms how we obof voices in the world, and none of

108 Improvement Era them is without signification. we can never fully repair the damage If the youth want to communicate with

"Therefore if I know not the meandone. Some mistakes may even result the older generation, let them first take

ing of the voice, I shall be unto him in loss of life itself. Simply stated, we the initiative themselves and ask for

that speaketh a barbarian, and he that need. guidance and help. and seek further light and knowledge.

speaketh shall be a barbarian unto Adam and Eve, after being driven Likewise parents claim they can't me."(1 Cor. 14:9-11.) from the Garden of Eden, needed guidcommunicate with the younger generaAmong the many voices we hear, ance and did what all wise men and tion when really that obligation rests

which voice should we believe? With women should do. They asked the upon the parents. Parents too often go

so many duties and responsibilities, Lord for direction. In response, "... he their own way, doing things as they've

which ones should have priority? With gave them commandments, that they always done them. They don't ask for

various paths stretching out before us, should worship the Lord their God, information to determine youth's needs which path should we follow? With so and should offer the firstlings of their in our modern world, but seek to give

much work to be done, what work flocks, for an offering unto the Lord. counsel without that guidance. Parshould we do first? And Adam was obedient unto the coments don't understand the pressures on

It is evident from this multiplicity mandments of the Lord."(Moses 5:5.) modern youth and unwisely give youth

of choices that we need to make deciAdam had already learned his lesson advice that youth isn't ready to accept.

sions. But if we make a decision based well. Because he hadn't done what the If parents want to communicate with

solely on our limited experience withLord asked him to do, he lost the privithe younger generation, let them first out consulting experts, the likelihood leges he formerly had. Now that Adam take the initiative and ask youth what

of making a correct choice becomes a was on his own, he had to fight weeds, youth wants to know, thus learning to matter of pure chance. In order to illness, cold, hunger, and all the other understand youth's problems.

know what to do, it might be well to problems that beset mankind. Adam This concept of asking for informareflect on how the Lord prepares us had already learned the value of tion and help is a fundamental method

to make decisions. obedience, and he obeyed this new of obtaining knowledge. Although the

In the beginning God gave Adam a counsel religiously. How long this Lord warns us of impending dangers,

choice of whether to be obedient and obedient sacrifice continued we don't he doesn't give information to us until trust in the Lord or to seek knowledge know, but it must have been a long we ask for it.

on his own. Adam chose to make his period as we reckon time. At least it "Behold, I stand at the door, and

own decisions. He disobeyed the Lord, was long enough for the Lord to make knock: if any man hear my voice, and

ate of the fruit of the tree of knowledge, sure that Adam had learned his lesson open the door, I will come in to him, and was therefore left to his own rewell before he was given the reason and will sup with him, and he with sources. This meant eviction from the for this commandment. But as a result me."(Rev. 3:20.)

Garden of Eden and from the presence of his obedience, he now obtained furIt is expressed even more clearly in of the Lord: ther knowledge. The scripture conMatthew:

"And I, the Lord God, said unto tinues: "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek,

mine Only Begotten: Behold, the man "And after many days an angel of and ye shall find; knock, and it shall

is become as one of us to know good the Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: be opened unto you;

and evil; and now lest he put forth Why dost thou offer sacrifices unto the "For every one that asketh receiveth;

his hand and partake also of the tree Lord? And Adam said unto him: I and he that seeketh findeth; and to

of life, and eat and live forever, know not, save the Lord commanded him that knocketh it shall be opened."

"Therefore I, the Lord God, will send me. (Matt. 7:7-8.)

him forth from the Garden of Eden, "And then the angel spake, saying: This whole dispensation of the fulto till the ground from whence he was This thing is a similitude of the sacriness of times began when a youth asked

taken; fice of the Only Begotten of the Father, a question of the Lord as a result of

"For as I, the Lord God, liveth, even which is full of grace and truth. reading this scripture:

so my words cannot return void, for "Wherefore, thou shalt do all that "If any of you lack wisdom, let him as they go forth out of my mouth they'thou doest in the name of the Son, ask of God, that giveth to all men must be fulfilled."(Moses 4:2830.) and thou shalt repent and call upon liberally, and upbraideth not; and it

Undoubtedly the Lord gave Adam God in the name of the Son forevershall be given him.

counsel so that he could protect himmore."(Moses 5:6-7.) "But let him ask in faith, nothing

self against evil and know how to This then becomes the pattern by wavering. For he that wavereth is like

recognize and avoid it. Note that the which we gain knowledge in this life. a wave of the sea driven with the wind

Lord didn't say that Adam should be If we seek the Lord and ask for counsel, and tossed."(Jas. 1:5-6.)

able to know good from evil, but that it is given. The Lord is a very wise The book of Doctrine and Covenants

he should know good and evil. In a teacher. He knows that one can't teach may be regarded as a prime example

like manner we are to know both good a student until that student is ready to of this principle. Revelations were

and evil and learn to prefer the good listen. I think failure to understand given as a result of questions asked.

above the evil. Through our experithis principle is the cause of many of When the Lord saw the willingness of

ences in life we eventually learn to our presentday ills. We too often give the Prophet Joseph and his associates

choose the good simply because it is when the recipient doesn't want to reto receive instruction, he gave them the better way, the easier way, and the ceive. We preach when people refuse additional principles and revelations

simpler way in the long run. to listen. Young people complain they much beyond the original questions

Experience, however, can be a very can't communicate with their elders asked.

dear teacher. If we live life without when really that obligation rests upon Just as Adam was not given further

direction and without someone to youth. Youth doesn't ask for counsel, knowledge until he had learned and

guide us, it is as dangerous as playing but seeks to give advice of what should practiced the law of sacrifice, so the with dynamite. A slight mistake made be done, based on limited experience. Israelites were not qualified to have the

innocently through lack of knowledge Youth doesn't seek for information, and Melchizedek Priesthood until they first and life blows up in our face. Miswe unwisely give youth advice that learned how to use and practice the

takes can be so serious that sometimes youth doesn't want in the first place. laws of the Aaronic Priesthood. The

June 1969 109 Genealogy experts from the world over will be in Salt Lake City August 5-8, 1969... you'll want to be there too:!

The Genealogical Society of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints is sponsoring one of the most unique conferences ever held on CLIP OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY records management, records preservation, genealogy and related subjects FOR YOUR REGISTRATION.

this August 5 - 8 at the new Salt Palace in Salt Lake City. The World Name Conference on Records—one of the most unique conferences ever held in Address the history of the world will bring together people who are interested in, City

and have the responsibility for, the world's vital records. 180 Seminars State or Country

are planned on both the professional and amateur levels and will cover a wide area of topics ranging from the "emerging technologies for the Zip Code preservation of records''to genealogical research techniques in most areas Full Program Registration before July 1 all activities,of the world. PLAN NOW TO ATTEND! Includes(except banquet)...seminars and

PROGRAM Companion (Husband or Wife) $44.00

Techniques of preserving and storing all types of records; emerging techIncludes seminars and all activities,

nologies for the preservation of records; miniaturization of records; stor- (except banquet) $22.00

age devices—their potential and reliability, etc. Genealogical research Amount Enclosed: $

will in the following areas:procedures be discussed South North and

British Isles, Scandinavia, EastAmerica, the Continental Europe, Asia, the31 Checkconference.if you wish reservations for lodging during

Asia, Pacific Africa, India, Islands; EastSouth South the Middle and the

P.S. further wish If you information fill out name and of'its relation to genealogy;heraldry the genealogical function and mail to: only address and

societies, hereditary and lineage societies; the function of family organizaWorld Conference on Records Registrar,

tions; how to publish a genealogy. A CONFERENCE SUCH AS THIS P.O. Box 11484, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

MAY NEVER BE REPEATED.

110 Improvement Era gospel of love was not given until closer to the end than ever before. God accurate than any we have had heretoIsrael learned and practiced the prehas provided for our use a greater fore. As I see it, this progress is a

liminary law of carnal commandments, knowledge of how to gather records of natural growth of that truth which which, Paul explained to the Galatians the dead. He has provided rapid God gives us as we seek for answers

(3:24), was a schoolmaster to bring methods of copying information by in further prayer:

them to Christ. In our day we must using microfilm. We have jet planes "And I give unto you a commandlearn and practice the law of tithing to speed the gathering of these records, ment, tjiat ye shall forsake all evil and

before we can receive the law of conseand modern tools, such as coding, card cleave unto all good, that ye shall live cration. We must learn and practice punch, and sorting machines, optical by every word which proceedeth forth

the laws which pertain to baptism and scanners, electronic computers, and out of the mouth of God.

confirmation before we are permitted other types of modern business ma- "For he will give unto the faithful to make higher moral and ethical chines, that can be used to compile and line upon line, precept upon precept;

covenants in the temple. As Alma exindex these records into usable form. and I will try you and prove you herepressed this thought he said: Temples are being erected in everwith."(D&C 98:1112.)

"For behold, the Lord doth grant increasing numbers, and Church memThus we have sought for further unto all nations, of their own nation bership is growing to provide worthy light and knowledge, having been and tongue, to teach his word, yea, in people who can serve in those temples. obedient to the preliminary concepts.

wisdom, all that he seeth fit that they It is no wonder that the present slow God has given us additional truth and should have; therefore we see that the and cumbersome methods of preparing new precepts to apply in our work of

Lord doth counsel in wisdom, accordnames for temple ordinance, work are salvation for the dead. This is a clear

ing to that which is just and true."giving way to the faster, more accurate voice telling us what to do. It is a

(Al. 29:8.) GIANT system. welldefined path for future work. An

In this dispensation God has given Yet with all these changes, the basic improved way has been prepared to aid us great responsibilities in regard to principles of salvation for the dead us in completing the work leading to one of his higher laws, that of salvation haven't changed. We are still responthe organization of the family of God.

for the dead. At first the law was only sible for gathering and submitting May God grant that we will respond

introduced to us. Temples had to be names for our kindred dead. We still to this new concept and devote a part

built and a people had to be gathered. have to do the temple ordinance work of our time to this important work.

The people thus gathered had to be for those we identify as our progenitors. This new procedure has been approved

lifted up to be worthy to enter the We still have to maintain our own by the Prophet of the Lord and has temples. Vital information concerning family book of remembrance with the blessing of the First Presidency. I

the dead had to be gathered as best it pedigree charts and family group have a personal testimony that it is could. sheets of our direct ancestors to make approved of God, for as I pray for

We thus learned by doing, and sure that the temple ordinance work knowledge of this truth I have a good, from this experience sought better and has been done for all our loved ones. warm feeling in my heart. I give you

more efficient ways to do this work. I regard this new method as a higher this testimony in the name of Jesus

Now in our day we find ourselves system, simpler, more rapid, and more Christ. Amen.

"Go Ye Into All the World

President Bruce R. McConkie

Of the First Council of the Seventy

We have received from the Lord a We have received anew the same as our strength and ability permit.

divine commission to carry his message priesthood, the same keys, the same Our Lord's beloved disciple John of salvation to the nations and peoples doctrines, the same organization, the saw in vision the restoration of the of the earth. same plan of salvation that Jesus gave gospel in our day and recorded in the

We announce that God has restored the saints in his day. And we are now Bible this testimony: "... I saw anto us in this day the fullness of his commanded to offer this restored reother angel fly in the midst of heaven,

everlasting gospel. ligion to all men everywhere as rapidly having the everlasting gospel to preach

June 1969 111 "Ten times ten million and more have heard earthfor truthshallshallbe prevail.converted to the truth,

In the meantime, we shall go forward the warning voice. But with it all, we have timetableaccording underto the whichdivinethetimetable,Lord willa

prepare the way for us to teach the scarce commenced the assigned labor."rapidlygospel inas oneour nationstrengthafterand anothermeans areas

sufficient for us to do the work.

Nephi foresaw that we shall establish congregations of the Saints in all nations and among all peoples and kindreds before the promised unity of the faith. Speaking of this dispensation,

unto them that dwell on the earth."South America, and in a host of he said:

Then, as guided by the spirit of innations. "... I beheld the church of the Lamb

spiration, he recorded that this restored Ten times ten thousand missionaries of God, and its numbers were few, begospel was to be preached "to every and more have left farm and factory, cause of the wickedness and abominanation, and kindred, and tongue, and shop and store, and the halls of higher tions of the whore who sat upon many people"before the hour of God's judglearning—voluntarily and at their own waters; nevertheless, I beheld that the ment, before the second coming of the expense—to devote three hundred thouchurch of the Lamb, who were the

Son of Man. (See Rev. 14:6-7.) sand man years of service in preaching saints of God, were also upon all the

The restoration of gospel knowledge the gospel. face of the earth; and their dominions

commenced in modern times in the Ten times a hundred thousand and upon the face of the earth were small, spring of 1820. The promised angel bemore have believed their message. because of the wickedness of the great

gan the process of revealing gospel Ten times ten million and more have whore whom I saw."(1 Ne. 14:12.)

truths and powers in September of heard the warning voice. And John the Revel ator recorded

1823. By November of 1831 the But with it all, we have scarce comthat the faithful in latter days would

restoration was sufficiently advanced menced the assigned labor. We have praise the Lord by saying: "Thou art

for the Lord to say to the world through yet to preach the gospel to the ten times worthy... for thou wast slain, and

Joseph Smith: "O inhabitants of the two hundred million people in Russia, hast redeemed us to God by thy blood

earth, I have sent forth mine angel China, India, Asia, Malasia, Indonesia, out of every kindred, and tongue, and flying through the midst of heaven, and so on. people, and nation;

having the everlasting gospel, who hath But this we shall assuredly do, for we "And hast made us unto our God appeared unto some and hath comare on the Lord's errand; we are enkings and priests: and we shall reign on

mitted it unto man, who shall appear gaged in his work; he has decreed its the earth."(Rev. 5:9-10.)

unto many that dwell on the earth. overall success and triumph; and none That is, before the millennial era,

"And this gospel shall be preached can stay his hand. before the time when Christ shall reign

unto every nation, and kindred, and We have done as much, or nearly personally upon the earth, the elect of tongue, and people."(D&C 133:3637.) so, in days past and present, as our God among every kindred, the Saints

We are thus commanded to preach numbers and means allowed. At our who speak every tongue, the converts

the restored gospel in all the world. present rate of growth, the Church is among all peoples and nations, having

Wc are to carry its saving truths to doubling in membership every 20 or 25 first believed the restored gospel, will every nation, and kindred, and tongue, years. Will it be long, at this rate, bego to the temples of God and receive

and people. fore we have 25,000 missionaries servthe ordinances of exaltation whereby

We are to raise the warning voice ing at one time? Or 50,000? Or 100,000? they qualify to become kings and

and testify of the mighty things which Or as many as the needs of the ministry priests.

God hath wrought in our day. require to fulfill the divine command Truly did the Lord Jesus say of our

We are to gather the lost sheep of to the uttermost? day: "... this Gospel of the Kingdom

Israel into the fold of their true Furthermore, our means of travel shall be preached in all the world, for

Shepherd. and teaching are improving. Today we a witness unto all nations, and then

We are to take the message of salvahave jet planes and radio and teleshall the end come...."(Joseph Smith

tion to the ends of the earth. vision. Who knows what we shall have 1:31.)

Now what have we done to fulfill tomorrow? Whatever the scientific adAnd truly did Joseph Smith prophesy:

the divine decree, and what must we vances may be, they shall be used for "... the Standard of Truth has been

yet do? the furtherance of the Lord's work and erected; no unhallowed hand can stop

From the day of the organization of for the spread of truth in the earth. the work from progressing; persecutions

the Church in April 1830 to the present With it all, however, the faceto-face may rage, mobs may combine, armies moment, faithful members of the and voiceto-ear testimony of the elders may assemble, calumny may defame,

Church have taught the gospel and of Israel will always be required in but the truth of God will go forth testified of its divinity. With unwearyteaching the gospel. One elder will boldly, nobly, and independent, till it

ing diligence we have offered the saving always have to stand with one believhas penetrated every continent, visited truths to as many of our Father's ing soul in the waters of baptism to every clime, swept every country, and children as our strength and circumperform that ordinance without which sounded in every ear, till the purposes stances have permitted. no accountable man can be saved. of God shall be accomplished, and the

The restored gospel was preached in What then of the future growth of great Jehovah shall say the work is the United States and Canada, in Great the Church? Eventually, in a millendone."(Documentary History of the

Britain, western Europe, and Scandinial day, the knowledge of God shall Church Vol. 4, p. 540.)

navia. Soon missionaries were in the cover the earth as the waters cover the In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

islands of the Pacific, in Mexico and sea, meaning that every living soul on Amen.

112 Improvement Era The Use of Our Personal Influence

Elder John Longden Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

As we approach the end of this to a man close by. He said he was a desires. It is when their peers give

sacred, spiritual feast we have attended, custodian there. He didn't have a colthem false concepts of life, when

including, of course, the Primary and lege degree, but he and his wife had adults disappoint them by their actions,

Sunday School conferences, I am sure been blessed with seven children; each when the lack of our own integrity

we are all of one heart; we now await of them had earned a college degree. shows through, that the very young

anxiously the blessing of our revered Each had found a companion of his begin to form wrong opinions and start

Prophet, President David O. McKay, so choice, and had married in the temple. wrong practices, thus ending up on

I should like to suggest as my thought The sons had all filled honorable miswrong paths.

that all of us must be better, more sions for the Church. I quote from a discourse given by

dedicated, more knowledgeable, more As the professor left, I introduced President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., in the

tolerant, more truly spiritual leaders myself to this gentleman. In the general priesthood meeting of October

of men. As we have listened to our course of the conversation, he related 1954. To me, it is an enthralling

great leaders during this conference, I this story to me: thought that the priesthood of the

venture to say we have all made reso- A few days before, he found a wallet. Church of Jesus Christ is the army of

lutions to be more valiant in the In order to find some identification, he the Lord, "the Army to which the Lord service of our Master. opened it and discovered some pornolooks to carry on his great warfare with

Those who know me best have heard graphic pictures. Rather than turn it evil....

me say before that each of us has our over to the lost and found department, "We are to fight... the foes of

own zone of influence. How am I ushe personally called the young man righteousness, we are to fight a life

ing my influence? How are you? Are who owned the wallet, and when he and death struggle for ourselves, not

we leading our fellowmen up the path came to claim it, the custodian showed only, but for those who are associated to higher, greater achievements? Or his own wallet to the young lad. It with us, for the membership of the

are we despoiling our leadership qualicontained a picture of his wife, their Church."(Conference Report, October

ties by helping others in the paths of children, and grandchildren; he said, 1954, p. 78.)

folly, unbelief, bitterness, and unhap- "This is the kind of wallet I would President David O. McKay, one of

piness? We lead by example. like to see you accumulate."the greatest leaders of men of all time,

In a tribute paid to a great statesThe young man, quite ashamed, reour living Prophet, said:

man who is no longer with us, one of moved the pictures from his wallet, "The greatest power in the world his fellows who knew him best said tore them up, and threw them in the today, and the power that is needed to of him: "He was a great leader of wastebasket. A good leader, this carethwart the schemes of the adversary,

men. He stood boldly by the things taker? "For where your treasure is, is the power of the Lord Jesus Christ.

he believed to be right."I'm certain there will your heart be also."(Matt. "That man is greatest who is Christthis is true of this man. 6:21.) like, and what you think of Christ is

Always, when I hear tributes like A young lad with some problems largely what you will be."

this, I find myself applying them to the came to my office to seek advice. I In the opening remarks of this congreat men I sustain as prophets of God. discovered that in his home, his school, ference read by Brother Robert McKay,

Today, and in past years, this same and even in his church, he had not been President McKay challenged us to tribute and much more can be said of really touched by a good leader. He "bravely and heroically choose a better

the men who are prophets in The complained that some of his peers had course of life."So, whoever we are,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday not acted as they had spoken, yet here wherever we may be, whether young or

Saints. Each of these great men has was a precious soul, a spirit child of old, may we determine to be better

given us, in the past days, so much God, who instinctively wanted better parents, better citizens, better members food for thought. Each, in his own things of life. of The Church of Jesus Christ of

right, is a great leader. How are we I believe young people generally are Latterday Saints, better leaders of men.

at following leadership? basically endowed with a desire to With deep emotion and thanksgivMay I share a rich experience with please their peers, to believe in a ing, may I add my testimony of the

you? Not too long ago, when I was on supreme being, and it is most simple divinity of this great work to those

the campus of one of our Church for the real young to pray to him and already expressed, in the name of the schools, a professor called my attention express heartfelt wishes, thoughts, and Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

June 1969 113 The Meaning of Jesus Christ for Our*me President Paul H. Dunn

Of the First Council of the Seventy

President McKay, my beloved brothturned your cup over."He said, "You I am located in an area where there

ers and sisters: This is always a very have that Mormon twist in your is a great cultural and traditional inhumbling experience. I too seek the wrist."fluence, where intellectualism abounds.

faith of your prayers in my behalf. I immediately started to exercise my I would just like to share a few thoughts

I have been most uplifted, as I have own faith as a missionary and atthat I might direct to those people, sensed you have, by the great messages tempted to teach him a little about the particularly as they relate to this time of this conference, the sweet testiWord of Wisdom. He interrupted me of year.

monies that have been borne, the great and said, "Young man, I didn't invite As members of The Church of Jesus truths that have been emphasized this conversation to get a dissertation Christ of Latterday Saints, we with again. from you at this time. But I would like many others of the Christian world

These experiences and messages to take this opportunity, if I may, to have anticipated the coming of Easter have brought to my attention, as it salute you. May I do that?"and its celebration in commemoration

relates to our responsibility, an exWell, now, to a former PFC, that is of the resurrection of Jesus Christ.

perience I had a few years ago while great tribute. I said, "Please, sir, go Anticipating Easter in an era that

serving as a religion teacher on the right ahead."has been described as "postChristian";

University of Southern California "Well,"he said, "I don't mean you in an age when modern science and campus. personally."I must confess that hurt technology have given rise to the "secuBecause of my particular position in my ego a little. lar city,"as they prefer to call it;

directing the institute program, I was He said, "I would like to take this when an analytical philosophy has invited by that great institution to opportunity to salute your church and described as meaningless all proposiparticipate in what was known as a that great body you represent here tions that go beyond certain defined

PTA convention discussing the probtoday. As you know, I am directing limits of sense experience; when biblilems concerning our youth. I suppose one of the navy testing programs cal scholarship has mythologized the

I was invited as a member because of educationally throughout the United New Testament, and a new radical the great work that this Church does States, and wherever I go I watch you theology has proclaimed the death of for its young people. people with great interest, and I supGod, I think we need to raise anew the

I remember that the president of the pose I have seen many of you without question of the meaning of Jesus Christ university himself was sponsoring a your knowing it, and I would like you for our time. Of course, for many of

little luncheon to be held before the to know, Mr. Dunn, that I feel secure our contemporaries, caught up in the

conference. As I entered the cafeteria, in the presence of the Latterday Saint cross currents of a predominantly secuthere assembled around the table were people."lar culture, the life, death, and resurthose who would participate in the He said, "You have something, I rection of Jesus Christ can have little

meeting that was to ensue. I had not don't know what it is [you and I do or no meaning.

met my colleagues who were to disthe priesthood, the Spirit of the Lord I raise the question—What is the

cuss the problems of youth with me, which beckons all to come], but,"he meaning of Jesus Christ for our times?

and this was a chance for us to get added, "I feel that one day this coun-—not as preliminary to the presentaacquainted. I noticed when I went in try—in fact the world—will look to tion of a legal brief in defense of the

to take my seat that there were approyou for direction. Thank you, sir, for fact of the resurrection, nor to afford

priate name cards identifying each being what you are and for the great an opportunity to argue in support of one of us and that I was to be seated influence of your church."our belief in the resurrection. This is

next to a full navy commander. Can you appreciate in some small not the occasion for religious argument.

As we sat down, the navy commeasure the thrill that was mine as a This is an occasion to bear witness to mander leaned over and said to me, representative of God's true Church? the hope, the joy, and the faith that

"You're the Latterday Saint, aren't You have had like experiences, and I we have in the divine message that you?"thought about that again today and Christ lives. Our presence here today

And I wondered what I had done to these past days as we have been reis evidence of that faith, and what I tip him off. minded of our great responsibilities, hope to say is intended as an added

I said, "Yes, sir, I am, how did you as parents, as teachers, and as leaders. witness to that faith.

know?"I would like to pay a tribute to you Jesus Christ has meant many things

"Well,"he said, pointing to the wonderful parents who have trained to many people, but there can be no cup that I had turned over as I took up your children in the way that they mistake about what he meant to the my chair, "I noticed you weren't going should go, that you might send into early Christians. New Testament faith

to partake of that liquid."the mission field the choice spirits that was based upon the belief that in the

I said, "Yes, sir, but I happen to know you have. My, what a leaven in the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus

a lot of people who aren't members of worldly loaf they are. And I testify to Christ, God, our Father, in a decisive

my faith that don't use that liquid. you that they are great men and manner, had prepared the way for man

How would you know?"women, testifying to the divinity of our to enter the world, live the complete

He said, "Well, it is the way you Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. life, and again regain his presence.

114 Improvement Era Motivated by this belief, early Chrisin his own soul and the creations been realistic and has not been able tians went forth to proclaim the gosabout him. Man will never be worthy to take him at his word. He said that

pel, or the "good news."It was the of or capable of appreciating a more mankind is a brotherhood. The world

overwhelming impact of the "good glorious state of existence until he has has said that mankind ought to be a news,"centering in the resurrection, in some measure learned to appreciate brotherhood. We have failed to take

that caused Christians to face the the meaning, beauty, and problems his realism seriously, and our problems threat of the dungeon, the sword, and of the one in which he now finds multiply and grow in complexity.

the cross. Early Christianity moved himself. This means that while the In regard to the frustration, futility,

forward under the compelling faith past and future are important, the and meaninglessness in which an inthat the resurrected Jesus was Christ, present is the greatest of all time, creasing number of individual lives are the Lord. because it holds the promise of all submerged, our witness is that the

That the resurrection was central to that is to come. passing years continue to establish the

the early Christian message cannot be With this view in mind, I raise again validity of Jesus Christ's estimate of doubted. Writing to the Corinthians, the question of the meaning of Jesus human personality as the supreme

Paul said, "... if Christ be not raised, Christ for today. Within this dimenvalue in the universe. To the disturbed,

your faith is vain...."(1 Cor. 15:17.) sion of the gospel we find the meanwandering youth of our time, we testify

Read in its context, it is clear that ing of Christ in the very urgent and that personality, that people, that huPaul is not trying to prove the resurserious problems that we face as indiman beings are precious, and that life is rection of Christ in this statement. He viduals and as a nation. Some of these worth living.

is here appealing to the one thing that problems come from the past and conAs to the solution of many of the all Christians accepted in order to prove tinue to haunt us; other problems are personal problems with which conanother point, namely, that because of of modern making and are peculiar temporary man is plagued, our witness

least at our as as antiquityhis Messiah, to resurrection the in the is that modernity well Jesus was age—peculiar

that sense a give to Jesus'that support they are in the personredemptivethe view Savior; and through new setting.

mission of Jesus, as the Christ, as the It is in the imaginative and creative ality is fulfilled not in the selfcen-

Savior, man's own immortality and solution of old problems and in the teredness of either the occidental or eternal life were assured. This was the struggle with novel problems against oriental variety, but rather in service

gospel. This was the "good news."the gospel of Jesus Christ that he to humanity. Human experience today,

This was the faith of early Christianity. takes on new meaning for us today. as always, confirms that whosoever

Now, after almost two thousand Jesus taught in terms of universal, would save his life will lose it, and years, in the passing time of a century divine principles, and men were left whosoever shall lose his life in the characterized by a decline in religious with the responsibility, and their free interest and service of others shall faith, the restored gospel joyfully proagency, to implement those principles. save it.

claims anew, with as much enthusiasm When he was asked how often an- I have said that the meaning of and vigor as did the first century other should be forgiven, he answered Jesus Christ for our time is to be found

Christians, that Christ is risen. Our with a statement that urged a limitin his death and resurrection, which

confidence in man's salvation through less spending of forgiveness. When assures man's immortality. We have

the atonement of Christ is a matter asked what acts were legal on the also said that the application of his of faith, not completely understood, Sabbath, he answered with a stateideal to the central and crucial probyet the central meaning of Jesus Christ ment that made it plain that people lems of our day gives us further insight for our time, as for all time, is to be should be considered over institutions. into his meaning for us. He stands as

found in that faith—faith in man's When asked, "Who is my neighbor?"an eternal symbol of our Heavenly

salvation through the resurrection. he answered with a parable in which a Father's interest in and suffering for

Salvation in this sense is a gift to neighbor was described as "a certain the needs of humanity. As we see

a man through the grace of God. But man"who was in need of help. God's will revealed through him for the

those who are familiar with The If Jesus had merely given moral solution of our personal and social

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday rules in terms of the culture of his problems, so our faith is made sure

Saints know that it is also a religion of times, his teaching would have long that he will be forever meaningful in merit. Our concern is not only with since been out of date. But his teachthe lives of men.

the future but also with the past, and ings are bound to no single culture, We believe that the best and most especially with the present. Mormonnor to any age. Each succeeding age is effective efforts being made today toism touches every phase of life; it is a left to discover a way of making the ward the elimination of ignorance and

gospel of work, of play, of service, of gospel principles of Jesus Christ live human suffering are in accordance with prayer, of hope. And belief in immorin terms of its own conception of sothe Savior's inspiration and revelation.

tality looms large in this picture. ciety. When this is done, we are comIn him and his gospel are to be found

Eternal life, however, does not pelled to recognize that his ideal goes the faith and hope of the future. So

merely embrace the future; it also emfar beyond not only what man has put it is with a deep sense of its permanent

braces the past and the present. This into practice but also what most men and universal meaning that we read

means that the present is determinative have thought possible. his statement as he departed from his

of what the future holds for man, both To speak of our age, therefore, as the disciples: "... lo, I am with you alway,

as an individual and as society. This "postChristian"age is a mistake for even unto the end of the world."(Matt.

world, therefore, is not regarded as the simple reason that the Christian 28:20.)

some condemned region in space where age, in any real sense, has not yet May the experience of this Easter man awaits transportation to heaven been fully achieved. If the fault is season make us more responsive to

or hell. said to be in Jesus because he was too his inspiration and more conscious of

Man and the world share a common idealistic for this hardheaded, practical our responsibilities, I pray, as I give you destiny—man and the world are to world, our witness is that Jesus was my solemn witness that God lives, thatbe saved together. Man's purpose in as much of a realist as an idealist—the Jesus is the Christ, in the name of our

the world is to progressively know and real and ideal merge in his life and beloved Savior, even Jesus Christ.

to live the revelations of God reflected teachings. It is the world that has not Amen.

June 1969 115 lit? IlIllwU vCCffl fl/f

Courageous Youth and True Manhood

President David O. McKay

(Read by his son Robert R. McKay)

My dear brethren and sisters: As we as a man who holds the priesthood dignity of man, not the degradation of

approach the conclusion of this outand be true to the spirit within you. man, has been emphasized throughout

standing annual conference of the You contribute to an ideal home by this conference.

Church, my soul is filled with appreyour character, controlling your pasAll men who have moved the world ciation and thanksgiving for the privision, your temper, guarding your have been men who will stand true to lege we have had of partaking of the speech, because those things will make their conscience—such men as Peter,

wonderful spirit and feeling of brotheryour home what it is, and what it will James, and Paul, and their brethren hood that have permeated the meetings radiate to the neighborhood. You do of the ancient apostles, and also others.

held during the past three days. what you can to produce peace and When the religious leaders of Palmyra,

I am impressed with the thought harmony, no matter what you may New York, turned against the youthful that everyone who has attended, either suffer. Joseph Smith for what he had seen

in person or by listening in, no matter The man who is true to his manhood and heard in the Sacred Grove, he where he or she may be, could not help will not lie against the truth. There said, having a testimony of the Lord

but leave this conference with a greater is within every man that which is Jesus in his bosom: "I had seen a

desire and determination to be a better divine. vision; I knew it, and I knew that

man or a better woman, a better citiThe man who will be true to the God knew it, and I could not deny zen of his own city, county, or nation, divine within him is true to his Lord it, neither dared I do it...."(Joseph

than he or she has ever been before. and to his fellowmen. The man who Smith 2:25.)

However, we cannot go from this is untrue to that which he knows to Joseph Smith was true to his testiconference without an added responsibe right is wavering and weakening. mony to the last. When he approached

bility to contribute to a better life He may go so far that he will step his martyrdom at Carthage, Illinois, around us. As individuals, we must out of the light, out of that divine he said to those who were with him:

think nobler thoughts. We must not presence, and woe be unto him when "I am going like a lamb to the slaughencourage base thoughts nor low ashe does. ter, but I am calm as a summer's

pirations. If we do, we shall radiate We have declared to the world that morning. I have a conscience void of

them to others. If we think noble we have the gospel of Jesus Christ; offense toward God and toward all

thoughts, if we encourage and cherish that we are going to stand against men."(Documentary History of the

noble aspirations, there will be that vice and sin. Shall we forsake this Church, Vol. 6, p. 555.) He was true

radiation when we meet people, especause in order to please men, or beto his testimony and to his manhood.

cially when we associate with them. cause we desire to give lip service He was a man who possessed divine

Every man, every person radiates rather than heart service? No! We manhood.

what he or she is. Every person is a shall stand true to ourselves, true to That is the manhood a true member

recipient of radiation. The Savior was the divine within us, true to that truth of this Church should possess in deconscious of this fact. Whenever he which we have received. We need to fending the truth. That is the mancame into the presence of an indiknow that it is not good to have evil hood we all need, as we labor in our

vidual, he sensed that radiation, surrounding us to draw away our young callings to inspire our young people whether it was the woman of Samaria men and women and lead them into with that same truth. It is that truth

with her past life; whether it was the the darkness of misery and despair. that we need in combating the error

woman who was to be stoned, or the When we are thrown into the comand evil which exist in this critical men who were to stone her; whether pany of men who try to tempt us, let period in the history of our own counit was the statesman, Nicodemus, or us be true unto the death. try and that of the world!

one of the lepers. Christ was ever conWe know that man is a dual being. Courage to maintain our ideals is an

scious of the radiation from the indiHe is physical; he has his appetites, area in which we can manifest manvidual, and, to a degree, so are you, and passions, desires, just as any animal hood and activity and merit the apso am I. It is what we are and what has; but he is also a spiritual being, proval of God. These are times when

we radiate that affects the people and he knows that to subdue the animen should keep their heads, and not around us. mal instincts is to achieve advancement be swept from their moorings by every

As it is true of the individual, so it in the spiritual realm. A man who is will-o'-thewisp theory that is offered

is true of the home. Our homes radiate subject to his physical appetites and as a panacea for our present ills. The

what we are, and that radiation comes passions only, who denies any reality times call for couragous youth to hold from what we say and how we act in of a spirit, is truly of the animal world. aloft the moral standard. In that field

the home. No member of this Church, Man is a spiritual being, and his real we may find the truest courage.

no husband or father, has the right life is the spirit that inhabits his body. Our greatest heroes are not always

to utter an oath in his home, or ever He is a son of God, and he has within found on the battlefield, although we to express a cross word to his wife or him that which will cause him to yearn read of such men daily. We find

to his children. By your ordination and and to aspire to become dignified, as them also among our youth at home

your responsibility, you cannot do it a son of God should be dignified. The young men and young women who

116 Improvement Era will stand up fearlessly and denounce You can feel the great expansive world will be filled with thanksgiving for those things which they know will of more health surging through you as what God has done for them; they will

sap the character, the very lifegiving the quickened blood courses through find themselves rich in favors beenergy, of youth. the body of him who is gladly, gloristowed. It is not imagination that we

What a message the Church has for ously proud of physical health. You can approach God and receive light

this distracted world: Its appeal is to will know that all.will come out right and guidance from him, and that our

all, to the rich and the poor, the in the end; that it must come; that all minds will be enlightened and our

strong and the weak, the learned and must flee before the great white light souls thrilled by his spirit.

the unlearned. It proclaims God to of truth, as the darkness slinks away God bless these General Authorities

be not only the one supreme ruler of into nothingness in the presence of of the Church for the inspirational theindividual—auniverse, butGodtheof Fatherjustice,of yeteacha theSo,sunburst.with truth as our guide, our messagesout this conference.they have Theygiven haveus throughtestified

God of love, constantly watching over companion, our ally, our inspiration, as to the truth of the restored gospel, and guiding even the humblest of his we may tingle with the consciousness and have borne their testimonies that children. With its complete organizaof our kinship with the Infinite, and God, the Father, and his Son Jesus

tion, the Church offers service and inall the petty trials, sorrows, and sufChrist have appeared in these latter spiration to all. It is preeminently a ferings of this life will fade away as days to the Prophet Joseph Smith, and

social religion. Instead of taking men temporary, harmless visions seen in a that the gospel in its fullness has been

out of the world, through its priesthood dream. restored to the earth.

quorums and auxiliary organizations it Today as we commemorate the comWe send greetings and blessings to seeks to develop perfect, Godlike men ing forth from the tomb of the cruciour missionaries and the mission in the midst of society, and through fied Lord, I bear my testimony to presidencies in their respective fields them to solve the problems of society. you and to all the world that The of duty throughout the world. We

There is not a principle that is taught Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday deeply appreciate the unselfish service by the Savior of men that is not also Saints accepts the resurrection not only they are rendering.

applicable to the growth, development, as being real, but as the consummation God bless our young men in the and happiness of mankind. Every one of Christ's divine mission on earth. service of our country, wherever they

of his teachings touches the true I know with my whole soul that may be. To each of you I send my

philosophy of living. I accept them as Christ lives after death, so shall all greetings and a message of confidence

wholeheartedly, and it is a joy to study men, each taking his place in the and trust, and say to you: Keep yourand teach them. Every phase of the next world for which he has best selves morally clean. Being soldiers

restored Church is applicable to the fitted himself. or sailors is no justification for inwelfare of the human family. I have cherished from childhood dulgence in vulgarity, intemperance,

I appeal to the youth to be couthe truth that God is a personal being, or immorality. Others may be impelled

rageous in maintaining the moral and and is, indeed, our Father whom we to do these things because of the spiritual values of the gospel of Jesus can approach in prayer and receive beastliness of war, but you who are

Christ. The world needs moral heroes! answers thereto. I cherish as one of members of the Church and hold the

The most important thing in life is not the dearest experiences of life the priesthood of God cannot so indulge the discoveries being made in our knowledge that God hears the prayer with impunity. For your own sweet

secular world, but a belief in the reality of faith. It is true that the answers lives, and for others who trust you,

of moral and spiritual values. After to our prayers may not always come keep yourselves unpolluted. We pray

all, "For what is a man profited, if he as direct and at the time, nor in the that God's protecting care and divine shall gain the whole world, and lose manner, we anticipate; but they do guidance will be with each of you.

his own soul? or what shall a man come, and at a time and in a manner And now, my dear brethren and

give in exchange for his soul?"(Matt. best for the interests of him who offers sisters, my fellow workers, with all the

16:26.) the supplication. power that the Lord has given me I

We cannot truly believe that we are There have been occasions, howbless each of you and pray that from the children of God, and that God ever, when I have received direct and this hour you may go forth with reexists, without believing in the final immediate assurance that my petition newed determination to discharge your inevitable triumph of the truth of the was granted. At one time, particularly, duties more faithfully, more successgospel of Jesus Christ. If we believe the answer came as distinctly as though fully under the inspiration of God

that, we shall have less worry about my Heavenly Father stood by my side than ever before.

the destruction of the world and the and spoke the words. These experiMy heart is full of appreciation for

present civilization, because God has ences are part of my very being and your service and your presence here, established his Church never to be must remain so long as memory and and for the privilege of being assothrown down nor given to another intelligence last. Just as real and just ciated with you in this great cause.

people. And as God lives, and his as close to me seems the Savior of the I am grateful to you all for your loyal

people are true to him and to one anworld. I feel as I have never felt besupport and your prayers in my behalf.

other, we need not worry about the fore that God is my Father. He is not This gospel gives us a chance to live

ultimate triumph of truth. just an intangible power, a moral above this old world and its temptaAnd, young men and women, if you force in the world, but a personal God tions and, through selfcontrol and

have that testimony on your side, you with creative power, the governor of selfmastery, to live in the spirit, and can pass through the dark valley of the world, the director of our souls. I that is the real life here and hereafter.

slander, misrepresentation, and abuse, would have all men, and especially God bless you in your individual undaunted as though you wore a magic the young people of the Church, feel lives, in your home life, in your Church suit of armor that no bullet could so close to our Father in heaven that activities, and give you the comfort that enter, no arrow could pierce. You can they will approach him daily—not in comes to every soul who loses himself

hold your head high, toss it fearlessly public alone, but in private. If our for Christ's sake, I pray in the name

and defiantly, and look every man people will have this faith, great blessof our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

calmly and unflinchingly in the eye. ings will come to them. Their souls Amen.

June 1969 117 Today's Family

"Mom? Are you awake?"A Time of "Did you ever see anything more

beautiful? It was holy."

Joan B. KearlBeautyBy

Illustrated by Travis Winn

Our summer plans for the year that we would hike into a camping frames to our backs, we were dehad included a threeweek glamour spot, carrying our gear and provilighted to find we could handle vacation, but with the long winter sions on our backs. The children them quite easily. "Fine,"said my

and wet spring, the building busicould see this was going to be husband. "Now all we have to add

ness was a bad one to be in just novel, and they became enthusito each one is a sleeping bag."We

then. We had dipped into our vacaastic. A vote was called for, and I could still manage—all except the

tion fund until it was depleted. Our raised my hand to make it unanifour-yearold—but we realized that

heads were still above water—we -'. >us. it would be slow going along a

owed no debts, and things were For several days the two boys rough mountain trail. "There'll be a

sure to get better. But the vacation had great fun helping their dad nice surprise in the morning,"said

was out! make pack frames. Each member of my husband, as we all turned in

Calling a family council, we the family was to have one, even early. And there was! Anticipating

broke the news to our three the fouryear-old. the long hike with a heavy pack,

children and explained why the Our 11year-old daughter and I not to mention a shortlegged fourtrip was off. They tried to be good worked out a menu calling for deyear-old boy, my husband had

sports, but they were too young to hydrated and lightweight foodstuff, managed to borrow a horse, which hide their disappointment. f"d then we went shopping. Each was already loaded in the pickup

My husband announced that we t /son would carry the minimum truck. I followed in the station

could spend some time in the mounclothing he required, which boiled wagon with the children and our tains, but the children weren't down to several pairs of socks, a gear, and we were on our way.

favorably impressed. We were used change of underwear, and a parka, We drove through the beautiful

to spending weekends camping. in addition to the clothes he would canyons and mountains eastward

However, when our nineyear-old be wearing. The food and lightuntil we reached Trial Lake, where

son asked if the mountains could be weight utensils were distributed we unloaded and made ready for the high Uintas, not too far from among us all, according to the size the hike. The sleeping bags and

our home in Provo, Utah, a healthy of the Individual. My husband tied fishing poles were tied to the horse;

discussion started. a hatchet and camera to his pack, and with our packs on our backs,

It was decided that the Uintas and I stuffed a book and a firstaid we were off to high adventure bewould be quite in order; and to kit into mine. fore the sun was very high. The

make this trip different, we decided As we lifted our loaded pack children were filled with exuberance, and for a while we couldn't hold them down, but before long

Joan B. Kearl, Primary teacher in the Pleasant View Ward in Provo, Utah, is a their packs did. The fouryear-old

mother of four and a participant in many family hiking and camping trips. trudged gamely along on his sturdy

little legs as long as he could; then

118 Improvement Era his dad lifted him to the horse's tain's breast, it shimmered blueand then expelled in long, thin, back, where he rode until he was green in the afternoon sun. For vapor jets. As we ate our breakrested. At noon we found a lovely, several seconds we gazed in awe at fast, the sun climbed the mountain

verdant meadow with a stream, and the virgin beauty of it; then we beand promised a glorious day. We

since it was getting hot, we decided gan descending toward it. This, we were to find that it took quite a

to have our lunch there. knew, would be our home for the while before the sun chased the

After we had eaten and closed next days. night chill from the clean, crisp air.

our packs, we all went wading in After we had unpacked our gear After breakfast there was time to the stream. How good the icy water and the children had gathered rocks explore our campsite, and the

felt to our hot, tired feet! We were and dry wood for the fire, my huschildren scattered. My husband

completely alone—no signs of band got the fishing poles, and in took a deep breath. "Smell that,"

civilization in any direction. We no time they were fishing. I unhe said. "You can even taste how

rested for an hour, and then it was rolled the sleeping bags on ground pure it is."

time to hoist our packs and be on so thickly carpeted with pine I heard our nineyear-old yelling, our way. I had expected the needles, it was to feel like a matand saw him standing on top of a

children to request frequent stops, tress. I didn't expect any fish for huge boulder. "Gee, Mom,"he said,

but they didn't. Neither did they supper, but within a short while "it's like we were all alone on top

ask to make camp in this lovely the fishermen were back with six of the world."He told me to come

meadow. I would have been happy fairsized trout. We feasted like to the back of his rock, and there

to have stayed there, but I wasn't kings. he showed me a permanent snowgoing to be the first one to quit. We had hiked nearly ten miles, bank. "Now we can catch enough

The trail we followed was fairly and now that we were relaxed, we fish to last from breakfast until well defined a good part of the felt our tired muscles. All of us supper at one time and put them in

way, but the farther we hiked, the were ready to hit the sleeping bags. our freezer, just like we do at

fainter it became, until there were As we knelt around the flickering home."He was delighted with his

times when we scrambled over and fire for our family prayer, there find and rushed off to break the around rocks and boulders until we was a feeling of love, gratitude, and news to the rest of the family.

again found a slight trail. We closeness. Our daughter was asked We hiked in the freshness of the

passed inviting meadows, beside to be the mouthpiece, and I was immorning, moving single file along lakes that mirrored the mountains. pressed by her words and thoughts the mountain until we were level

As we slowly climbed higher, the as she thanked our Heavenly Father with the timberline. On either

greenclad slopes below us spread for this beautiful world we live in, side and below us the silent pine out like a magnificent velvet skirt. for the sacrifice of our Savior, and and fir forests spread out on the

I was tired, and ready to admit it; for each other. steep slopes in wild abandon, while

I was sure we couldn't find a place I awoke to signs of breaking day above us the mountain raised its more beautiful. But our daughter faintly visible over the dark mounproud, rocky head to the big sky.

said, "Please, don't stop here. Just tain peaks. The hills were robed In the next days the children rode

a little farther,"even though her in velvety silence. Swiftly the the horse, invented games, and

pace had slowed considerably. The grey dark turned to soft, opalescent went on short hikes of their own in

fouryear-old was on the horse, and radiance as the morning arrived. search of arrowheads. My husband

when he looked back and saw how "Mom? Are you awake?"It was a meandered contentedly through

high we were, he asked if we were whisper from my daughter. When forests and meadows with his

going to see Heavenly Father. His I murmured that I was, she said, camera. And every now and then I

little face was so serious that I'm "Did you ever see anything more caught up on some reading. Everysure he would not have been surbeautiful? It was holy."one pitched in to help with the few

prised had the Lord appeared. The early morning light filtered chores. All yelling was of the

Suddenly we topped another through the arching pine branches, happiness kind. Most of the time

ridge—and there it was. Below us, and before long our camp was the two older children paced themabout half a mile away and fringed stirring. There were sharp gasps as selves to the fouryear-old, and he

with huge pines, was a lake. Like faces were buried in water that was was game to try anything. Up

a piece of turquoise dropped by an runoff from snowbank and glacier. there, in the high Uintas, I watched

Indian many moons ago and now The world was filled with cold, him (not without some sadness) held jealously close to the mounpine-spiced air that we first tasted leave his babyhood behind, and saw

June 1969 119 Put the magic of the beginnings of his boyhood.

I watched the warm camaraderie between our nineyear-old and his Sugarplum Land dad as they experimented fiying trout, not in a pan, but on rocks specially heated for this purpose. I in your meals! felt a deep peace spreading through

my body as they yelled their delight at the success of their experi- m si iSSt ment, and was happy to partake of

IK-I their feast.

I observed my daughter with her head thrown back so she could look up to the blue sky above the trees.

Several times I saw her suddenly close her eyes tightly for a few ana seconds before she proceeded on her way. When I asked her why

she did that, she said, shyly, as if

SUGAR Mom,afraid I'mthattakingI mightpictureslaugh,with"Well,my mi eyes and mind. When I close my

eyes the picture develops, and I put it away in my memory so I'll it."I turned away with fine g31 Suggests this simply always have

tears in my eyes. delicious dessert We sat around the campfire, with for family raves

its smoky breath curling lazily into

PLAIN CAKE the air above us, discussing anyfor shortcake thing and everything. Each day

as we knelt for our family prayers

Makes 2 round, 9-inch layers 1-inch thick, and I listened to the one who was or a 9-inch square cake IV2 inches thick. the mouthpiece give thanks for all

2% cups sifted cake 3A cup shortening our blessings, my heart would fill flour (part butter) 2V2 teaspoons baking IV2 cups U and I to overflowing. We were close to

powder SUGAR each other, and we were close 1 cup milk eggs, 3 separated 1 vanilla teaspoon salt to the Lord. I felt that we were V2 teaspoon

trying to live our religion. We had

Sift flour, baking powder, salt and U and I a long way to go, but we were into Sugar mixing shortening, bowl. Add

milk and vanilla. Beat on medium speed working at it. I saw that the gosfor 2 minutes, scraping bowl occadown pel was an everyday thing, a way of sionally. Add egg beat 2 yolks and more

minutes. Beat egg whites (have them at life for our children, and I was

until room temperature) they form soft grateful that at least some of what peaks. Fold into other ingredients. Spread

into greased pans. Bake layers 25 minutes we were trying to teach was getting

or until F. in a 375 done oven; bake

square until cake in through. or minutes 35 done

a 350 F. oven. On our last evening in camp, the

children suggested that we have

Where is Sugarplum Land? It's all around you if you live our family hour. Each one took

where sugarbeets are grown. U and I Sugar sweetens the part on the program, and it was a

in Factories Garland and U and I SUGAR COMPANY West Jordan, Utah; said and done, and closed my eyes

near Idaho Falls, Toppenish, Idaho; Moses Lake and Washington. IPI economy of these areas. spiritual feast. I drank in what was

to develop the pictures and store them in my memory for eternity. It

120 Improvement Era was for all of us a time of beauty. butter generously over fish. Wrap and

bake on coals, turning once or twice, innothe young, As I watched 20 minutes. Let's Eat until tender—abouti) in faces the children of ourcent

Chicken in Foil firelight, that theydancing I prayed serving. 1 per chicken Place Vi Out of Doors Allowserving slice of onion, on thin foil; add kind remain and thoughtful,would

slices of carrot, and small whole or considerate and humble for the rest sliced potato. Season with salt and

of their lives. pepper. Add 1 tablespoon water and

No one wanted to go to sleep Cooking and eating out of doors expansion,pat of butter.and Seal,cook onleavingcoals,roomturningfor

that night, and we lay in our sleepcan be great fun for the entire several times, about 30 minutes.

ing bags talking softly. The fourfamily, whether it's a familynight Barbecued Burgers in Foil

1 thoroughhamburger pound Combine that said yearyearold next he park, picnic in or a nearby canyon cracker ly with 1 beaten crumbs, cup y2 all the way. able to grill, walkwould be or the around backyard salt. l on a egg, seasoned and teaspoons l/2

Our nineyear-old said, "Why don't camping trip such as the Kearl Shapelarge onioninto 4 slicepatties.andTop1 eachtablespoonwith 1

we cache our food so we won't have family describes (see "A Time of bottled barbecue sauce. Cook, turning

so much to carry next year?"Our Beauty,"page 118). twice,4 servings.15 minutes in foil wrap. Makes

daughter said, "Look at the star One of the greatest boons to that is caught in the branches of outdoor cooks is aluminum foil StuffedCombineFrankfurters1 cup chopped ripe olives, that pine."there are no pots or pans to carry 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese, 1 teahorseradish, 3 drops spoon Tabasco children After the had finally heavydishes to wash. Use no and sauce, and prepared musy2 teaspoon

to sleep, it ingone foil, Split in tard. frankfurters and I lengthwise squares duty and and cut my husband

discussed the trip. I had come with the sizes you need for cooking, to frankfurtersheap in cheeseolivein buns andmixture.wrap Placeindimany doubts and misgivings: they avoid taking the whole roll. vidually in aluminum foil. Toss into

were too young to be able to take In cooking with foil, hot coals coalsMakes and10 buns.cook until cheese melts.

such a long hike carrying a pack; give the best results, with no

they would be bored, and they flame. Open the foil packages MushroomsDrain juice infromFoil one can of large

certainly would not enjoy roughing occasionally to check the progress mushrooms. Place mushrooms on a

it. But the trip had been most of the cooking. Meats, vegetables, sheetbutter ofor foil.margarine,Top withy2 teaspoon2 tablespoonssalt,

successful. They were all planning and desserts can all be cooked in and y8 teaspoon pepper. Wrap securely

on repeating it next year. It had foil. For meats and vegetables, and15 minutes.place on coals. Cook about 10 to

drawn us even closer as a family the following table shows approxithan before. I had had the oppormate cooking times: CheddarFor each Potatoesindividual serving, cut 1 large

tunity to know our children better Meats peeled potato into thin slices. Top with

1 milk, evaporated tablespoons per 2 roast: minutes Beef: 20 Whole characters their develop. seeand salt, cheese, grated Cheddar tablespoon heat. in stew with steady Cubes pound in I, to taste. develpaprika pepper, and too, Wrap and had grownAnd

patbeef packets: minutes. Ground 45 grill, occasionally, foil turning and

I I couldn't that learnedoped. inties: 1520 minutes. minutes. 20 about

discomfortsulate our children from Chicken:

Foil in Whole: 1 to \ l/2 hours. Pieces: Biscuits Cooked disappointment. That minutes. would 3045and for Prepare baking powder dough

be robbing them of the chance to Fish: Whole: 2030 minutes. Fillets or biscuits, using a biscuit mix, and pat

-inch biscuits thick into (or use minutes. 1015 steaks: y2 flexibility toughnessacquire and refrigerator biscuits). canned Wrap 5-8 minutes. Dogs: Hot

foil, in for loosely leaving life. each room inneeded minutes. 4045 Cubes Chops: Lamb: rise. to about minutes Bake 10 dough

parents, only Like most I wanted Shanks packets: all). 45 minutes. in stew in side Sugar minutes each on (20

l for or roasted: children,the best I stewed and my l/2 hours. androlls. raisins may be added for sweet minutes. 3045 Pork Chops: I to that didn'tfound have far

search for it. No one docs. It is Spicy Apples in the Coals

Fill Vegetables with apples. dry, and core Wash,

roast sugar, in foil, and wrap cinnamon 4560 minutes. Sliced:all around us, if we'll just take time Carrots: Whole:

in coals. Redhot cinnamon minutes 30to find it—the the abundance, minutes. 20 substibe sugar or candies maple may

I of living.goodness, the privilege Corn: if desired. sugar, for cinnamon 2030 minutes. tuted

remembered reading a long time Potatoes: Whole: 4560 minutes. Sliced: Serve with cream or evaporated milk,

ago the words, "Memories are the 1015 minutes. if desired.

best investment we can make."Our Sweet Potatoes: Whole: 4050 minutes. Hot Banana Split

Cut a V-shaped wedge from tops of time in the mountains had been ButterBaked Fish long straight bananas and fill with semione of our finest investments for Put cleaned fish on foil and sprinkle sweet chocolate or butterscotch pieces with lemon juice. Rub salt and pepper and marshmallows. Wrap securely in foil

good memories. O outside and in cavity. Spread softened and grill on coals about 10 minutes, q

June 1969 121 The LDS Scene

Washington Mother Distinguished

Edna C. Karlinsey of the Achievement Award

Tacoma (Washington) Sister Flora Benson, wife

Second Ward has been of Elder Ezra Taft Benson named Washington state's of the Council of the

Church in Singapore Mother of the Year Twelve, has been awarded

The island of Singapore, off the tip of the for 1969. Sister Karlinsey is the distinguished

Malay Peninsula, has been dedicated to the preaching the mother of seven achievement award by the of the gospel by Elder Ezra Taft Benson children, an elementary Associated Women of the Council of the Twelve, who ascended a hill known school teacher, Students at Ricks College, as Mount Faber on April 14 with 46 other interested president of Rexburg, Idaho. She

persons for the dedicatory services. Singapore the ward YWMIA, and received the award for "her

has a population of two million on its 225square-mile island. an accomplished outstanding example of

Church activity first began in Singapore in 1963, oil painter. womanhood."

when some British servicemen were stationed there. In March 1968, missionaries were assigned

to the island. The Singapore branch, under

the direction of the Southern Far East Mission, currently has a membership of about 100.

AllChurch Volleyball The colorful and exciting finals of the allChurch crew, Keaukaha (Hawaii) Ward, won the junior volleyball championships ended recently with the division, beating Taylorsville (Utah) Ward, 15-5, 1512.

Polynesian Oakland (California) Fourth Ward taking an Sportsmanship trophies were awarded to unprecedented fifth straight championship, beating Hamilton (Ontario, Canada) Ward, senior division,

Laie (Hawaii) Second Ward, 1614, 15-6. Another Polynesian and Eureka (California) Ward, junior division.

122 Improvement Era Heritage of America, Inc. achievement. He has left an and hearts of millions of

Brother Romney, formerly imprint of his moral Americans through the president of the Detroit courage, dedication and practical application (Michigan) Stake, was service on the minds of religion to public life."

honored for "his deep commitment to the principles of his religion, * which has challenged Richard L. Evans

millions of persons to The Spoken Word higher humanitarian

And what of death?

Churchman of the Year George W. Romney, Somewith oflosstheof loneliestloved ones,of lonelinessand someinoflifethecomesmost ofSecretary Housing and

Urban Development in the sobering concern comes with wondering where

Cabinet of President they are and when. we again shall see them. Moved

Richard M. Nixon, has been by such searching thoughts, Andrew Jackson said:

if I do not meetnamed Churchman of "Heaven will not be heaven to me the Year by Religious my wife there."Heaven to be heaven must have

within it that which makes of heaven a wonderfully happy home—with loved ones as a part of all that

makes completeness in an everlastingness of life.

How could it be otherwise? How could all this order,

Orange County Judge all this beauty—the earth, the sky, the sea, the glory

President Harmon G. of spring, the magnificent succession of all seasons,

Scoville, first counselor in the love of life, the love of loved ones, the endless the Garden Grove (California) evidence of Providence, of plan, of purpose, the

Stake, has been appointed mind and memory of man—how could all this be

superior court judge other than eternal and of personal continuance?

for Orange County, "When 1 consider the wonderful activity of the mind,"

California. said Cicero, "so great a memory of what is past, and

such capacity for penetrating the future; when I

behold such a number of arts and sciences, and such a multitude of discoveries... I believe and am

firmly persuaded that a nature which contains so

Broadcasting Executive many things within itself cannot but be immortal."

Dr. Owen S. Rich, "Seems it strange that thou shouldst live forever?"

professor of communications asked Edward Young. "Is it less strange that thou

at Brigham Young shouldst live at all?"1 Life is the miracle, and that

University and member it should be always is no more a miracle than that of the general board it is at all. And so the meaning, the message of this

of the Young Men's Mutual moment: that He who gave us birth and life and

Improvement Association, loved ones has given us also the limitless possihas been elected national bilities of everlasting life. And what of death?

vicepresident of the "Ay! it will come,—the bitter hour!—but bringing

Association for Professional Food Chain President A better love beyond, more subtlesweet;

Broadcasting Education. Bishop Boyd F. Schenk of A higher road to tread, with happier singing,

Membership in the the St. Louis (Missouri) And no crossways to part familiar feet!"2

organization includes about Third Ward has been elected 200 colleges and president and chief 'Edward Young, "Night Thoughts,"vii.

universities and about executive officer of 2Sir Edwin Arnold, "The New Lucian,"* "The Spoken Word"from 4,000 TV and radio stations Pet, Inc., U.S. national Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcastin the U.S. food corporation. ing System April 6, 1969. Copyright 1969.

June 1969 123 It was a custom in ancient Israel for a father to bestow a birthright consisting of a special blessing or gift on his eldest son. The possessor of the birthright usually

guarded this possession carefully and with high regard.

Each of us today has a birthright also—a birthright that enables us to shape our character

and life into what we desire. This

birthright or gift is the right and ability to work. A young person

The Presiding Bishop who knows the joy of working truly

Talks to Youth About: has a priceless birthright, one that

will open many of the doors of success in life.

While a birthright is a prized possession, there are some who do not value its great worth. We

read that Esau, the eldest son of

Isaac, sold his birthright to his younger brother Jacob. Paul, in

reflecting on this incident, counseled the Hebrews with these words: "Lest there be any... person,

as Esau, who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright.

"For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected:

for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it care- W ) ) fully with tears."(Heb. 12:1617.)

The message Paul was conveying with this example of Esau is that we cannot recover, even By Bishop John H. Vandenberg through repentance, that which

was wasted yesterday. True, we

can repent and be forgiven, but we can never regain that which we may have forfeited through idling away our time.

The time to learn how to work and to enjoy work is in your youth.

With each day passed in idleness, the opportunity to learn how to work slips by, and this priceless birthright is to that extent forfeited. The late Helen Keller, who

lost her sight and hearing as a

124 Improvement Era small child, learned the value and have to play all the angles. The

joy of work. She said on one occacompetition was never so tough.

sion, "My share of the world's work Employers can afford to be highly may be limited, but the fact that selective. They will play the field

it is work makes"it precious."and take those who appear the

This time of year, when school most alert, sharp, and cleancut.

is out for many youth, is an excel- "In this newspaper every evelent time to learn to enjoy hard ning are columns of 'Help Wanted'work. The value of work cannot be advertisements, and most of the

learned vicariously. Youth should boys of the type that tried for the

utilize their ingenuity in seeking newspaper messenger job, cannot wholesome work opportunities. even apply. The sceptre of unpreHome owners could be approached paredness stalks them wherever

for needs for summer work. Priestthey go."

hood quorums and auxiliary 1 urge you to take the opporclasses could help in finding emtunity during these next few ployment. month's to learn to work—not for

As youth seek employment, sevwhat you may get for your work, eral points should be kept in mind: but for what you'll become be-

1. Sunday employment should cause of it.

be avoided. The Lord has said, "Now, I, the

2. Work should be sought only Lord, am not well pleased with the

in those places where the environinhabitants of Zion, for there are ment is conducive to maintaining idlers among them; and their

the standards of the Church. children are also growing up in

3. Work should be sought near wickedness; they also seek not

home. earnestly the riches of eternity,

In addition to these items, a but their eyes are full of greedyoung person should be coniness.

scious of his personal appear- "These things ought not to be, ance and bearing. Cleanliness, and must be done away from

neatly combed and trimmed hair, among them."(D&C 68:3132.)

and tidy clothes will always be The great birthright of knowing met with favorable consideration the joy of working is within your by the employer. grasp; don't allow it to pass. The

The following article concerning person who forfeits this birthright this subject appeared in a newswill certainly be like Esau, who paper: could not recover his lost posses-

"Most of the young men who sion, "though he sought it careresponded to an advertisement for fully with tears."

a messenger boy for this newsIn the words of Charles Kingspaper the other day were high ley, "Thank God every morning school dropouts, which was one when you get up that you have strike on them before they ever something to do that day which reached the managing editor's ofmust be done, whether you like it fice. Among those who struck out or not. Being forced to work, and

were youngsters in unclean, torn, forced to do your best, will breed and untidy attire, hair down over in you temperance and selfcontrol, their ears, dirty hands, no tie, and diligence and strength of will, shoes sloppily laced and unshined. cheerfulness and content, and a

"The young man lucky enough hundred virtues which the idle to get a job this vacation time will Illustrated by Sherry Thompson never know."O

June 1969 125 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price, Part 7 (Continued)

The Unknown Abraham

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

(Editors Note: Continuing his imaginary discussion festival which is instructive,"writes H. Frankfort;

between two students and a museum curator, in order everything centers on "the solitary figure on the throne to help readers better understand the complex issues of Horus."38 As "the founding of the kingdom, in which

of the case, the author has just established "that this all the gods and potentates of the land participated,"lioncouch business"takes place on "great ritual occait corresponded, of course, to the coronation rites. 39

sions"as described in the Book of Abraham; such an Every coronation could not be expected to fall smack

occasion was "the supreme moment of the Sedfestival.") on the 30year Jubilee of the rule, but that was the

sort of problem that gave the Egyptians no trouble. 40

Dick: If it was so important, why don't we find it Dick: Thirtyyear Jubilee?

everywhere? Mr. Jones: Yes, that is what the Serffestival was. You

Mr. Jones: We do, if we know what to look for, but will notice that Bonnet in the handbook lists it only

they deliberately covered it up; our guidebook says under that title: Thirtyyear Festival.41 The usual

the event "was perhaps rarely illustrated."31 It is only explanation is that originally, since the prosperity of

found in royal tombs and shrines that were strictly the land in every sense depended on the king, he could closed to the public. not be allowed to become weak, so that when he

Jane: What is the Sedfestival? showed signs of running down at the end of 30 years

Mr. Jones: It was the greatest of all the Egyptian of rule, it was necessary to renew his powers, and so

celebrations, "the great national Panegyris,"when men he was "ceremonially put to death."42

and gods met at the sunshrine of Memphis to renew Dick: That's a funny way to renew anybody's powers

the corporate life of the nation and the world. 32 It—to kill him!

was the yearrite, beginning on "the first day of the Jane: Yes, what could he do if he was dead?

first month of the year,"33 and the most ancient and Mr. Jones: Well, he would just get up again, renewed

venerable of rites, amply attested to in prehistoric docuand invigorated, succeeded by himself in the person ments; 84 it celebrated the founding of the kingdom and of his son, in whom he was reembodied. It was "abdicathe creation of the world. 35 It was also the most pertion followed by replacement... a renewal,"says

sistent of traditions, and though, of course, during the Professor Moret. 43 According to Professor Frankfort,

many times it was put on, the fiveday show was bound we should not even use the word succession. "It is not

to undergo many alterations and adjustments, 30 by a succession,"he said, "but a renewal... a true revirtue of deliberate archaistic revivals based on the newal of kingly potency, a rejuvenation of rulership."44

study of old records it was possible to celebrate the It was especially the occasion on which the king's

Serffestival in the very last dynasties of Egypt in a divine authority was proclaimed, "a periodic commanner "astoundingly"like that of the very first memoration festival,"as H. Kees puts it, "in which

dynasties. 37 It was the king's own show: "For the special rights were conceded and energetically brought

nature of kingship in Egypt, it is, above all, the Sed to mind for the benefit of the ruling house."45 Author126 Improvement Era

ity is the big thing; the king always appears as a victor was without a ruler; it was, as H. Altermueller says,

in the rites, and many scholars believe that the Serf- "the moment of utmost danger"to the whole world festival was, in fact, a prehistoric celebration of victory order, and so it had to be made as short as possible. 56

over the rebels of the North, with the king as the conSo the funeral impinges on the rites from the first, and quering Horus. 4e The other theory is that the Serfthat led scholars to confuse the Serffestival with the

festival originally belonged to Osiris, the king of the mysteries of Osiris: From the very first, says Dr. Helck,

dead, which of course complicates things. "the old prehistoric mysteries of Abydos necessarily

Dick: Why do they always have to drag that old included both the funeral of the dead king and "the

Osiris into the picture? installment of his successor."57 It was always assumed

Mr. Jones: Nobody drags him in—he is always there, accordingly that the Osirian mysteries originated as

But, as H. Scha'effer says, Egyptologists don't need to prehistoric royal funeral rites, but "more recently,"acgo overboard and think he is the whole show just becording to Professor Kemp, "connection with the Serfcause of that. 47 Some, like Moeller and Helck, think festival has been suggested."58 This is a recent developthat the Serf originally belonged to the king alone and ment, as the man says, and it is an important one.

that Osiris later moved in on him: the king's rites were Dick: Why important?

"reinterpreted in terms of Osiris."48 Yet Moret saw Mr. Jones: Because it explains the lioncouch. To

in the Serffestival nothing less than the "Osirification be renewed in'stead of succeeded, the king had to do of the King."49 The trouble is that in the earliest two things. One, he had to stay alive, and two, he

representations of the rites the king wears exactly the had to get a transfusion from somewhere. Remember,

same festival costume as Osiris. 50 there had to be a funeral as part of the show, and it

Dick: So the king is Osiris after all. had to be his funeral: how do you think he could

Mr. Jones: That is what Professor Frazer thought, manage that and still stay alive?

of course, but Gardiner and Kees and Wainwright and Jane: By having a makebelieve funeral. Kids like to

others thought it was just the other way around—it is play that.

Osiris who is borrowing the king's costume; he came Dick: By getting a substitute to get killed for him.

late and took it over. But there was nothing wrong Mr. Jones: You are both right. Here we see King

with that, because as a king Osiris would have a perSeti I on his lioncouch; what the whole scene suggests

feet right to the royal duds as well as the privilege of to Professor Uphill is "that there was a mock funeral "having 'countless Serffestivals'"of his own. 51 and burial, followed by a reawakening ceremony, takDick: What difference does it make which comes ing place after the king had entered the tomb."59 Even

first? earlier, Dr. Edwards, the great authority on the pyraMr. Jones: Bravo! That is just what an Egyptian mids, suggests, a special tombchamber connected with

would say. After all their arguing, the same experts "the earliest stone building in the world"may have

agree: "Yet it seems likely that the accession of Horus contained "a dummy, designed for use in the symbolic

was equivalent to renewal of the reign of Osiris himsacrifice of the king during the hebsed...."60 So you

self, since... every Horusking was a potential see, the idea of an imitation sacrifice occurred to the

Osiris"; 5 - Osiris and Horus, the royal funeral and the Egyptians very early. So did the idea of a substitute,

royal succession "coalesced into a single celebration,"53 and that is not surprising either, for who, as Homer even though the king is no Osiris, "the two are thought might say, enjoys being sacrificed? 61 Already in the

of as equivalent [entsprechend]"in this particular Pyramid Texts of the Old Kingdom we read of kings operation. 54 King, Horus, Osiris—all the same. And who were lucky enough or clever enough to "escape

you can see why, if you just think about the meaning the days of death."62 Sometimes a king would pointedly

of the rites. A Serffestival had to be immediately ignore the priests who ordered him to submit to sacripreceded by a funeral: "The old king must be buried fice, as did Pepi II, who "had no intention of being

so that the new king'can mount the throne."55 They sacrificed,"63 and sometimes a king would openly defy

had to come so close together as to belong to the same them, or even turn the tables and make them the sacricelebration. ficial victims. 64 And why not, if the Pyramid Texts

Jane: Why so close? Couldn't they wait awhile after themselves are, as Professor Breasted called them, "a

the funeral? passionate protest against death"?65 All the great PyraDick: "Thrift, thrift, Horatio!"mid Builders from King Zoser on were able to beat

Mr. Jones: No, it wasn't that. During the transition the game and evade the summons of ritual death, until

from one reign to another, there was always a moment the last one, King Mycerinus, who gave in to the priests during which the throne was empty, when the world and got himself sacrificed. 06 As a reward, Mycerinus

June 1969 127 was hailed forever after in the priestly annals of Egypt "Long live the fair god... rejuvenated youth!"73 The

as the greastest, noblest, and holiest of all the kings, the rite is entitled "Slaying the Antelope... that the King

restorer of the temples and the rites which those wicked might be endowed with life,"and in preparation the apostate Pharaohs, Cheops and Chephren, had abolofficiant says, to the king: "I sharpen thy knife to slay

lished. 07 Well, the one way a king could fulfill the thine enemies,"announcing that the officiant will be

funerary requirements of the Serffestival and still stay "appeased when she has drunk their blood."74 As

alive was to have a substitute be put to death in his Moret puts it, "the King got a substitute for the Sed place, and this device was early adopted and forever killing, whom he decapitated with his own hand, or retained. For you see, it fulfilled all the requirements had a priest shed the blood of a prisoner of war, whose

at once: it got the king out of a tight fix, it supplied throbbing life assured a new lease on life to the senile

the blood necessary for his transfusion, and it gave him monarch."75 Here we have the transfusion taken care of

victory over his enemies—remember, the Serffestival at the same time that the enemy is punished.

had to be a victory celebration. Jane: But if the victim is a substitute for the king,

Dick: But where does the victory come in? then the king must be killing himself!

Jane: And the transfusion? Mr. Jones: That is another interesting thing. The

Mr. Jones: It is the person of the sacrificial victim victim is the substitute for the king. By his death he

that makes all the difference. The most obvious subdoes the king a great service—only through him, in

stitute for a man is his son, and there are cases of fact, can the king achieve his great goal; and so in

pharaohs whose sons were sacrificed on their behalf. 08 dying he is purged of all the evil of his former nature;

But that was hardly more satisfactory than liquidating he has "atoned."76 The qualifications for the royal subthe king himself. No, there was a much better solution stitute make that clear: he must be a stranger (thus

since time immemorial: "Foreigners, and especially representing the original hostility that Pharaoh is to

prisoners of war all the world over have provided an subdue), he must be of royal blood (to be the real obvious supply of substitutes."09 The enemy, and esperival and substitute for Pharaoh), 77 and he must be

cially the enemy chief, who had placed himself in open blond or redheaded.

rivalry to Pharaoh, was a natural candidate for his Dick: Come again?

sacrificial sword or ceremonial mace, and in many a Mr. Jones: From the earliest times the enemy of

monument the King of Egypt is seen personally disHoras who tried to slay him was his brother Seth, or patching his rival. Right out here in the hall you will Typhon, who is always represented as being redsee Rameses II personally executing defeated enemyheaded. That is why redheaded victims were sacrikings and princes, and here are other Pharaohs doing ficed "on the solar tomb"at Heliopolis and at Busiris. 78

the same thing, right back to the beginning. The scene These were the "Typhonian men put to death by

"occurs again in reliefs of all periods."70 Pharaoh"; 79 this is what Professor Moret said: "A vicDick: Isn't that just for fun? tim was sacrificed and its life taken, in order that its

Mr. Jones: Hardly. For the Egyptians, there was a life... might enter the body of Osiris. Sometimes the

holy necessity behind it. Actually, the Egyptians did victims were men, prisoners of war, Libyans with red

not like bloody sacrifice, and they detested human hair, recalling the image of Seth, who had red skin sacrifice, so that for a long time scholars seriously and hair."80 The Greeks told many stories of Pharaohs

debated whether they ever practiced human sacrifice who seized noble Greek visitors to Egypt, where at all. 71 But that question has been settled for good: blonds were hard to come by, as sacrificial victims. 81

they did, but it was a ritual business from which even Dick: Yes, but those are just myths.

cannibalism was not excluded. 72 The idea centered Mr. Jones: Come over to the case here. Do you

around "the eating of the flesh and blood of the enemy, know what this is? This is a seal for marking sacriwhose powers are regenerated in the eater."7 -'1 That's ficial animals in Egypt, to show that they had passed

well known. Look, here is the oldest of all the royal the rigorous qualifications for a holy offering.

sacrifices, in which the king personally offers a gazelle; Dick: A sort of government meat inspection, eh?

but from the liturgy that accompanies the rites, it is Mr. Jones: Yes, and a very necessary one. A priestly

clear that the gazelle represented the enemy of the medical doctor also examined the blood to make sure king, an enemy chief, in fact, nay, his arch rival Seth it was ritually "pure."82 Herodotus (II, 385) says that

himself. During the sacrifice the king says: "Long live in his day it was a capital offense to sacrifice an anithe fair god... the hero who slaughters his advermal that had not been properly stamped or sealed.

saries."And as the royal "butcher slaughters his Jane: Why?

enemy before the divine throne,"the cry is raised: Mr. Jones: Because every animal had to be very

128 Improvement Era A

Congratulations to the I YWM on their 100th ANNIVERSARY

We com 111end loo years of leadership in service to our youth

June 1969 129 into the again ascended from dead. He He rose '...we are facing some royal "8T Christians primitive After not all, the did heaven.'

lioncouch scenes that look hesitatethe resurrectionto find thein Egypt.most convincing88 Now heredemonstrationwe are facingof

some royal lioncouch scenes that look just like the just like"Facsimile No. 1 picture in the Joseph Smith papyrus; they are from

the shrines of Niuserre, of Seti I, Tutankhamen, the tombs of nobles at Thebes, the temples of Opet and carefully inspected to make sure that it was the right Denderah, and they are all found in dark inner chamcolor. If it had just one black or white hair, it was bers, secret crypts. The oldest one here is King

disqualified! It had to be all red—light brown. 8;i Now Niuserre's and represents "the climax of the festival"—

what do you see on the seal? the Serffestival—when "the king goes down into his

Dick: A man kneeling down with his arms tied betomb"where a lioncouch awaits him, above which

hind him and a great big knife—I guess it's a knife—at is a damaged inscription about the resurrection of the

his neck. 84 flesh. 89 Remember I. E. S. Edwards's suggestion that

Mr. Jones: It is a knife, and you see that it means the granite tombchamber of one of the earliest

the victim was originally human. 81 The Egyptians, like pharaohs was "designed for use in the symbolic sacriother people, early substituted cattle for people in fice of the king during the hebsed"; that shows how

their sacrifices (the gazelle, for example); Osiris is old the idea is. Both these chambers were found in

said to have abolished the sacrifice of humans and put complexes of what we have called the "Potiphar's oxen in their place, and finally the people ended up Hill"variety. 00 But for the climax of the whole busisacrificing wax models and even oxen made of breadness, the crypt was the thing, the tombchamber, the

once you admit the principle of substitution, there is abaton.

no limit to how far you can go. 85 Jane: What is an abaton?

Jane (yawning): What has all this to do with AbraMr. Jones: The same as an adyton, the most inaccesham? sible shrine of a temple; an inner chamber in which

Mr. Jones-. A great deal, as you will soon find out no mortal may set foot. In Egypt it represented the

if you can only be patient. Let's get back to the man tomb of Osiris, the chamber between the upper and

on the lion couch. What is going on here is called the lower worlds, the place of both death and resurrecclimax, the supreme moment of the Serffestival, no tion. 91 Notice here how the tomb of Tutankhamen

less. 86 And the man who says that hastens to add that dramatizes the king's rebirth by a series of chambers,

it is not a funerary scene, really: "Although the conpassages, and doors—the king must pass through some

text of this scene is undoubtedly funerary, it also desort of underworld before he can emerge triumphant;

picts a ceremony that would be difficult to enact here King Tutankhamen "comes as Osiris to his tomb, unless the king was really alive...."8G It is a funeral where a cycle of transformation is going to begin

with a happy ending, a funeral at which the king only again."92 It is not just one event, but a series of events

pretends to be dead. that takes place. Here at Denderah, for example, are

Jane: But why do they go to all that trouble—three surviving tableaux showing funeral, resurrection,

couldn't they just say "Presto!"instead of making such and coronation, in that order, though Professor Der-

a fuss? chain reminds us that these pictures probably bear

Mr. Jones; Oh, but the fuss is the most important little, if any, resemblance to what really went on. 03

thing! That is what proves to the world that the king Dick: Why is that?

is the king: he proves that he has the lifesustaining Mr. Jones: Because the scenes are very abbreviated

power by overcoming the supreme enemy—death itself;—they haven't any intention of being complete—and

he enters the dark chamber of the tomb, and he sometimes they are all jumbled around, being adapted emerges triumphant. to expressing several ideas at once. 94 Here are four

Dick: That sounds like Easter to me. successive scenes from the tomb of Rameses IX, where

Mr. Jones: Well, a highly respected Egyptologist the king, who starts out as Osiris, is resurrected in

recently put it this way: he said that the coffins and four stages: first he is lying on his back, then he has

mummy cases of the Egyptians teach a double lesson, turned over on his face, then he is moving his arms expressing the reality of both death and resurrection, and legs, and finally he is standing upright. 95 A "very

"which can be summed up in the words of the Chrisrare"vignette from the Book of the Dead shows such tian creed, 'He descended into hell. The third day "rites of rebirth"using three lioncouches in succes130 Improvement Era

sion. 9,i A complete illustration would perhaps call for to a very early JewishChristian writing called the

24 pictures, because each hour of the clay represented Epistle of Barnabas, which says that the king at the a phase in the rites of Osiris. 97 New Year had to be represented by two ritual animals

Dick: How can we really know what went on, then? because he "on the same day wore a royal robe after

Mr. Jones: By the written records and by comparihe had been cursed, ridiculed and crucified."100 That

son with what went on in other places. Let us take is, the old Jewish rites represented this very sort of

this crypt business, for example. Many Greek and thing, which in Barnabas's belief prefigured the sufRoman writers tell us that it was still the custom in ferings and victory of the Lord.

Egypt in their day for the people yearly to go into Dick: More Easter business.

mourning for Osiris, hidden away in the earth in a Mr. Jones: The atmosphere of excitement and wondark crypt; 9s there is evidence for such practices at der in the rites of Osiris certainly does remind one

every period of Egyptian history—this crypt of Tutof an Oriental Easter celebration of a medieval Holy

ankhamen, for example, into which the king and even Week. It is terribly dramatic and, in fact, took the

the sungod Re himself must enter, is labeled "the form of a real play. I can't tell you about it now,

cavern which is in the place of annihilation."119 In but the most dramatic moment of all, the crucial

Babylonia the king at the great coronation and New moment of truth on which the whole story hinges,

Year's rites was hidden away for three days in an was that unbearably tense instant in which the world underground chamber, where he suffered the utmost held its breath awaiting the decision 'of eternal life or degradation; during that time a makebelieve king sat death. Come over here and look at these writings

on his throne; then the substitute (who, of course, all over these big coffins: these are the Coffin Texts,

was treated exactly like the real king) was put to and they tell us all about it. These texts on the wall

death, and the real king emerged triumphant from from the Book of the Dead and the Classical writers the tomb, where he had suffered an imitation death. will eke out the story. Let us take it step by step, o

A. Moortgat noticed that many of the early royal ( To be continued )

graves of Sumer had the bricks removed from the crypt just over the king's head, and that in every such FOOTNOTES case the king's body was missing, even though the 32A. H. Gardiner, in Jnl. Eg. Arch., Vol. 30 (1944), p. 28.

treasures of the tomb are left untouched—and this only SeeiSIbid.,thep. note30. in Chron. d'Egypt., Vol. 38 (1963), p. 73, and G. A.

happens in the case of kings, never of other people, Wainwright,80. The SktjReligion in Egypt (Cambridge, 1938), pp. 23f,

;!5S. in Schott, Lit. der u. Akad. Wiss. No. (Wiesbaden, 5, 1954), to Professor suggests queens. Moortincluding Which 167f. pp.

iG. Ztschr., Aeg. Moeller, in Vol. Helck, 39 (1901), pp. 71f; W. robbers,gat that this but an is not of tomb the work Orientalia, in Vol. Or. Altenmueller, Lux, 23 385, H. 383; Ex ( 1954), pp.

Vol. p. alten Kees, (Leip442; 19, Goetterglaube Aegypten H. Der im it to as if the lookattempt indeed king had make zig, 379. p. 1941),

100 Kees,. der S7H. alten Aegypter Totenglaube (Leipzig, p. 16; 1926), sacrifice, the After therisen the tomb. from when

in A. Gardiner, H. Vol. Archaeol, p. 165. Jnl of. Egypt.. 24 (1938),

Frankfort, 3SH. Kingship (University the Chicago, of and Gods 1948), is clear, has old kingcoast "the been shamming who 79.

1 "1 ""Kees, Goetterglaube, p. a coronation, the every 296: Sed has though safe sound. a emerges tomb"anddead in The same p.reverse does not apply.

sort of thing seems to have been going on in Egypt '"Altenmueller,n H. Bonnet, Reallexikonop. cit., p. 441.der Aegyptischen Religionsgeschichte, pp.

from early times. 15861.12Wainwright, Sky Religion, p. 4; quote is from I. Edwards, The

Dick: What makes you think so? Pyramids,43A. Moret,p. 56.La Mise a Mort du dieu en Egypte (Paris, 1927), p. 49.

Mr. Jones: Well, look here, for example—the so- "Frankfort,l5Kees, Goetterglaube,op. cit., p. p.79.191.

called BentPyramid, one of the early experimental 'Bonnet,1TH. Schaefer,op. cit.,Mysterienp. 159; desKees,Osirisop. incit.,Abydosp. 207.(Leipzig, 1904), p. 21.

is from Helck, W.

Vol.monuments of the pharaohs. Here the tombchamber Orientalia,18G. Moeller,Vol. 23,in Aeg.p. 383;Ztschr.,of. C.Vol.de Wit,39, p.Chron.73; quoted'Eg., 42, pp.

*9A. Moret, Mysteres Egyptiens (Paris: p. 73. 1913), not the robbed! found brokenwas 78ff. open—but And

cit., op. Moeller, next p. 74 note. &

r,1 10 - criticizes A. cites Gardiner in Frazer, Jnl. H. Kees, Eg. Arch., text and a resurking pyramid Here in a was missing.

cit., Vol. 1. 124. Cf. op. p. 2 n. p. Wainwright, 20, (1916),

rection rite is compared with the removing of bricks -Gardiner, loc. cit. J. Cerny, Ancient Egyptian Religion, p. 35, sugfrom the royal vault. 103 Coming down a little later, aftergests histhat death."Osiris was "originally a human king who became deified

here is a coffin text that reads, "O Osiris Soand-so rjlK.53Frankfort,Sethe, Komment.Kingship, p.zu194.den Pyramindentexte, Vol. 1, p. 84, on No.

[naming the king or noble]... the walls about thy 219:r,5Altenmueller,167b. in Ex Or. Lux, p. 441.

tomb are knocked down.... Awake, arise! All thy 5BH.57W. Altenmueller,Helck, in Archivin ChroniqueOrientalni,d'Egyptol.,1952, pp. Vol.72ff.42 (1967), p. 81.

members are restored. Thou art not dead!"101 The 58B.5!,E. J.Uphill,Kemp, inin JournalJnl. Eg. ofArch.,NearVol.Eastern52 (1966),Studies,p. Vol.13. 24 (1965), p.

379, Pyramid Texts 1213, 1721, 32.

Classical writers have described the wild rejoicings I. E. S. Edwards, The Pyramids (Pelican, 1956), pp. 6163; cf. A.

Moret, Le Quite Divin, p. 224.

faithful his for Osiristhat followed king's sacred "the unwillingess to the mourning resign"when see Graves, R. r,1On The

(Penguin, Myths Vol. 1, passim. p. 1955), 153, 10 "'Greek Osiris."offollowers tumulus discovered "the empty Texts, No. Pyramid in 570: 1453-5, 1467-8, A. 1450. Murray, M.

If this sounds surprisingly Christian, let me refer you theseAncientpassages.Egypt, 1928, p. 8, was first to comment on the significance of

June 1969 131 G3Wainwright, Sky Religion, p. 28. Heredot., Ill, 28.

Iside., Divin, in Culte Plut, p. R1Ihid., 79A. of Moret, the tables turning Diodor., I, Diodorus de 135, n. 1; is recounted 32; p. 52.'A dramatic

cit., Strabo, 288f; 6. Lefebure, XVIII, 45, 1, 3; 88; op. Wainwright, pp. III,65 cit., op. in 53. Religion p. Ancient Breasted, Thought and Development of H. J.

91. Moret, 85. Kings Egypt, p. p. and Gods of Egypt A. (Harper Torchbooks, 1959),

Griffiths, in gives sources. S1 Service, '"'Wainwright, Vol. 88, 65f, Annates du op. cit., pp. J. G. 48 (1948), pp. 41016;

"Herodotus, II, 127130. Lefebure, op. cit., pp. 301, 294f; Wainwright, op. cit., pp. 4145.

G. A. Wainwright, in Jnl. Eg. Arch., Vol. 26, p. 38. Conversely, Alex- J. Leibovitch, in Journal of Near Eastern Studies, Vol. 12 (1953),

ander the Great regarded himself as the son and reincarnation of Pharaoh pp. 59f.

Nectanebos, whom he sacrificed by throwing over a cliff, PseudoS3Plutarch, de Iside, 31, discussed by Th. Hopfner, Plutarch ueber

Callisthenes, I, 34, and I, 14. C. Aired notes that every king of the Isis und Osiris (Prague: Or. Inst., 1940), pp. 2325.

18th Dynasty had a junior partner whom he completely ignored and who 84Plut., loc. cit., describes the seal, for which T. Hopfner, Der Tierkult

may have been his double and substitute in the Sedfestival, Aeg. der alten Aegypter. (Vienna, 1913), pp. 72f, supplies illustration. Manetho

Ztschr., Vol. 94 (1967), pp. 2-3. reports that at Heliopolis human victims were examined and stamped

'-'Wainwright, Sky Religion, pp. 6061. exactly like the animals, G. Lefebure, op. cit. 36:281.

T(,W. Wreszinski, Atlas zur altag Kidturgesch., Vol. 2, Pt. i, Taf, 57a, KIn sacra simulata pro veris accipi is the universal rule, Servius, ad

Pt. ii,197f.Taf., 163, 164, 184a; quote is from Budge, Osiris (1961), Vol. I, Aen.imagesII,is the116;commonestAtheneaus,aspectDeipnos.of EgyptianIV, 172D,magicaletc.practices.The use of wax pp.

Uphill, in vigorously Studies, Eastern Trav., Vol. Vol. saE. Journal G. Kyle, in Rec. 27 Near 71M. of pp. 161ff, G. Je24, p. 379; (1905),

in sacrifice "is Trav., particular that this time is quier, Vol. Rec. of cannibalism denied idea 122, says scene in Egypt. p. at any 37, The human

rejected Ebers, Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 36 by G.

Schott, ibid., Vol. A. p. 93, and E. (1898),W. Budge,p. 106f,Gods ofby theS. notS7 J.funeraryBennett,at inall."Journal of Eg. Arch., Vol. 53 (1967), p. 166. 74 (1938),

Egyptians (London, 1904), Vol. 1, p. 28. Clement, Epist. to the Corinthians, I, 25, and Apostolic Constitutions,

72G. Maspero, in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, Vol. 1, p. 156: "Human V, 7 both use the death and resurrection of the Phoenixbird "on the

sacrifice was never completely abolished in Egypt."Human sacrifice to socalled altar of the Sun at Heliopolis"as the most potent proof of the

Osiris is treated by M. Lefebure, ibid., XXXVI, 287f. See the important resurrection of the flesh.

studies of A. Moret, Mysteres Egyptiens, pp. 5153, and Maspero, in S9Uphill, op. cit., pp. 17778.

Memoires of the Inst. Francais d'Archeol. Orientale du Caire, Vol. 5,!,0At Abydos in predynastic times the rites were held at such a complex,

pp. 43946. The "immolation of servants"is apparently in early royal the prototype of the step pyramid, B. J. Kemp, in Journal of Eg. Arch.,

tombs of abydos, A. H. Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs (Oxford, 1961), Vol. 52 (1966), pp. 21f. There are also in prehistoric times "allusions

pp. 409f. W. F. M. Petrie, in Ancient Egypt, 1914, p. 18, reports evito the Osiris cult celebrated in front of the necropolis mounds"at "the

dence of cannibalistic rites, as does J. Garnot, Vie Religieuxes, p. 3; cf. Field of the Ancestors,"E. A. E. Reymond, in Journal of Eg. Arch.,

I, d. Altertums, Hill, 91f, Gesch. especially Ed. Meyer, 53 p. 106. a form and was of the Primeval (1967). 2, pp. The mound.. Bidletin creation Fr. Vol. proceeded a depository d'Arch. of creative which de I'Inst. 30 Thein Vol."from pp. J.6172.Bailllt, (1931),

...,"is fullest in Osiris treatment energy Frankfort, University Kingship, Books, 15253. (N.Y.: Budge, pp.. obviously E. A. W.Orientale,

1961), Vol. 1, pp. 167230.,J1H. Junker, Das Goetterdekret ueber das Abaton (Vienna, 1913), pp.

7-G. Thausing, Der Auferstehungsgedanke in aeg, religioesen Texten 2124, 31, 86. The concept intrigues the Classical writers, e.g. Lucan,

(Leipzig: Harrassowitz, 1943), p. 25, citing Pyr. Text No. 460. Phars., X, 323; Virgil, Aeniad, VI, 329; Diodor., Lib., I, 22,3; Seneca.

73Ph. Derchain, Rites Egyptiens, I Le Sacrifice de VOryx (Brussels, "-A. Piankoff, The Shrines of Tutankh-amon (Harper Torchbooks,

1962), p. 55, cf. Pyr. Text 510: 1138. 1962), p. 33.

"Derchain, op. cit., p. 53, cf. p. 40. 03P. Derchain, in Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. 15 (1963), p. 19.

75A. Egyptiens, Moret, Mysteres

78A. Varille, in Annates du Service,p. Vol.191. 53, p. 117; the victim becomes 'X'F."'Derchain,Guilmant,Rites"TombeauEgyptiens,deVol.Ram.I, pp.IX,"23,in 25,Memoiresfollowingde Junker.la Mission

the benefactor of gods and men, P. Derchain, op. cit., pp. 21ff. Though Archeol. Francaise, Vol. 15, PI. lvi; the upright figure being a mummy

according to K. Sethe, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 50 (1912), pp. 5760, the may not belong to the series.

idea of bloodvengeance (Blutschande) was not Egyptian, the earliest "'A. Moret, Mysteres Egyptiens, p. 57, fig. 19, after Naville, TodtenEgyptian sacrificial victim was treated as a kind of scapegoat, P. buch, Ch. 158a.

Rites Vol. Egyptiens, Derchain,

ing a man, or animal... was an1, actp. 17,of consecrationciting Herodot.or dedication"II, 39. "Smitim-,JTMoret,9SFirmicusop.Matemus,cit., pp. 19,de 2123.error, profan. rel. 2:1-7, in Hopfner, Fontes

parting special virtue to the victim, E. A. W. Budge, The Book of Hist. Relig. Aegyptiacae, pp. 518f: In adytis idolum Osiridis sepultum,

Opening the Mouth (London, 1909), Vol. 1, p. 39. In Babylonia, cir. cum annuis luctibus plangunt. Cf. below, note 105.

1800 B.C., a "purely human victim"was "slain as atonement (zur "Piankoff, op. cit., p. 125, No. 2. For the prehistoric rites, see E. RayStrafe ) and for the creation of new beings,"D. Opitz, in Aifchiv fuer mond, in Journal of Eg. Arch., Vol. 53, p. 106; A. Scharff, Das Grab als

Orientforschung, Vol. 5 (1928-9), p. 88. The word hotep in its meanWohnhaus (Munich, 1947).

"satisfaction"or ing to "point period lf)0A. Moortgat, a remote of "peace"when may Tammuz

in discussed expiation represented the true idea of been have the Egypby E. D. Van Buren,(Berlin,Or. 18,W.1949,de Gruyter,p. 499. 1949), pp. 5380;... may

sacrifices,"in tian Trav., Kyle, Rec. Vol. 27, M. T.

I, is clear of expiation in Texts woundingpp. 169.[of Thethe Eye]idea p. ""Graves,430. The Greek Myths, I, 153. Cf. W. Helck, Orientalia, 1950, 295, "The Coffin

which is in thee is made good by him who caused it."See A. Moret, 102I. E. S. Edwards, Pyramids, p. 72.

Mysteres Egyptiens, pp. 4344, 191, 193. Pyramid Text No. 335: 572.

77If a real king was not available, the substitute would still have to Coffin Texts (De Buck), I, 60f, Spell 79.

dress up in the proper royal regalia—a substitute substitute king! Wain103Minucius Felix, Octav., 22:1-2; Firmicus Maternus, in Hopfner,

wright, p. 4. Pontes Hist. Relig. Aegyptiacae, pp. 519f; Carmen in Paganos (Hopfner,

G. Lefebure, in Bibliotheque Egyptol. Vol. 36, pp. 28083, 287, p. 719); Mythographus Vaticanus, Proem. 91 (Hopfner, p. 728), etc.

citing Manetho and Plutarch, de Iside, 73; cf. Athenaeus, IV, 72; 10eBarnabas, Epist., 7.

The Sea Gull By Stella McGuire

It circled with a plaintive cry, the gull beside the I sit here, too, without a friend, and watch your sea, soaring flight;

Wings spread against a misty sky, white breasts I'm wondering if you feel the wind ushering in all silvery. the night.

The breakers beat against the shore—the winds Where will you go when cold gray fog blots everyblew raw and chill; thing from view?

And yet he circled more and more, above the rocky Have you some nest behind a log, or are you homehill. less, too?

There were no children on the beach; there were You seem so lonely as you glide—a creature set

no boats at sea; apart;

The only things within eye's reach were the shores, Above the roar, each time you've cried, your voice the gull, and me. has pierced my heart.

Oh gull, with eyes that search the sands, why One thought, as evening turns to night, brings circle high and low? warmth despite the spray:

Can it be food that lures demands, or do you really God watches o'er the sparrows'flight; are we not

know? more than they?

132 Improvement Era QnJjwducinj

A Code of Conduct for MySon By Daniel S. Hess INTERLAKEN ESTATES

I will not use physical punishIN UTAH'S BEAUTIFUL HEBER VALLEY ment in correcting my son building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home

Stephen.

The greatest ideals achieved in * 40 minutes from Salt Lakelife are by love, not compulsion and force. * 30 minutes from Provo

I will encourage and treat him * A great new 18hole golf course within walking with the same respect as I would distance an adult.

Half acre or full acre I will not belittle or discourage * him with a negative attitude. * Complete utilities—electricity—water—sewage

I will engender a positive attidisposal, etc.

tude of love and appreciation.

I will remember that much of * First offering of lots with the most beautiful view in his energy is being used in the the West growing processes of his body. Telephone collect 3640447 (Mon. thru Fri. 8-5)

I will refresh my memory with Saturday and Sunday and after 5 p.m. in Salt Lake 4858990

my own shortcomings, and rein Provo 2252993 member the gratitude I had for those who showed patience and understanding when I was a youth. 223InterlakenSouth 7thEstatesEast

Because I am his father, I will Salt Lake City, Utah always conduct myself with dignity Yes Sir! Those Heber Valley Mountains and the attraction of golfing, swimming,

and respect before him. I should boating, fishing, horseback riding, skiing and snowmobiling sound like part of my

realize his tender years and lack dream for the future for complete relaxed living. Please send me more information.

of understanding.

I will remember that example is Name the best teacher. Are my thoughts Address

and actions those that I would wish him to emulate? City State Zip Code

My success to a great extent depends on my conduct toward him because of the lasting responsiCAMP ZARAHEMLA Just Published bility of trust placed on my shoulYOUTH DEVELOPMENTders as his father. Socalled Through Junior Olympics How 88,648

death, dies withearthly fame INSPIRED but CAMPERS REACH TO Heavy Smokers directly affects as a parentsuccess HIGHEST GOALS and indirectly a multitude of For special achievement and growth this sumStopped Smoking spirits in this life and in eternity. mer, let your son or daughter spend 2 to 10 NEW YORK—The AntiTobacco Center of

I will at all times try to rememdelightful weeks at Camp Zarahemla in the America has just published a booklet which ber that he is the most precious of Cumberlandriding, swimming,Mountainswater ofskiing,Virginia.scuba,Horsebackarchery, explainsmany archowphysicians)88,648 heavyhavesmokersstopped(ofsmokingwhom

earth's possessions, an eternal crafts, hiking, riflery, gymnastics, sports. without straining their will power. This bookspirit clothed in an earthly taber- $63.00 a week. L.D.S. standards maintained. let is available free of charge. All you need

it, is to send obtain and to do, to your name Liljenquist brochure write Pattnacle and entrusted to my care, o For to Center of Ameraddress The AntiTobacco Development Youth Foundation 3750 North 30th Place, Arlington, Virginia ica, Dept. A-101-K, 276 Park Avenue South,

City, 10010. is open This offer New York—22207—(703) 5256217

lasts. of these booklets the supply while

June 1969 133 Campers Get\fear's Food Supply Mealtime Break $119.95 The Church

(Plus Tax on Utah Sales) A/loves On 11 Same Size Prepacked Cases it 10 cans—Low Moisture Foods

4 Fruits, 6 Grains, 3 Protein Foods, 8 Vegetables plus Juices and Desserts. March 1969

Balanced Food Supply in convenientis scientifically preto-store cartons *>B5S LU New stake presidencies: President ofpared to fill the nutritional needs

one person for one full year or a Now you can carry less and spend less Freeman E. Baggett and counselors

yet time cooking—enjoy more delicious 4-6 three offamily months.

Bryce J. Ericksen and Melvin J. Montbefore! than ever meals in Salt LakePick up or we will ship

by CAMPLITE FOODS PermaPakfreight (Florida) PresiStake; Orlando collect. Gross shipping wt. makeNew available such dishes gourmet as gomery, lbs.365 Stroganoff, Beef Chicken Moun- & Rice, dent Melvin counselors B. Richards and

tain Stew... delicious, complete meals

for four in a single, waterproof bag. Lawrence T. Taylor and Robert E. BrailspbhmSpak Breakfasts, Lunches, Trail Lunches, ford, Bakersfield (California) Stake.

ir 40 East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Dinners.

Utah 84115 Phone (801) 4869671 SendKits, Foodfor FreeStorageCatalogs—CampingPlans. Foods, Survival New stake presidency: PresidentPlease send me:

Christian F. Sanders counselors and Year's Food Supply $119.95 each.... @

is enclosed.) check/ moneyorder(My J. Bennion, L. Reeve and Melvin Please send free Camplite catalogs to: Wayne

Free catalogs Food Storage Plan Kansas City (MissouriKansas) Stake.

Survival Kit and Camping rj Group Discounts/FundRaising Plan of of hearing the passing U Upon oiName forto General Dwight Eisenhower, David

AddressCity State Zip.... CAMPIKITE mer president of the.United States, who

IE 6-69 # 40 EAST 2430 SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115 died today in Washington at 12:25 p.m.,

the First Presidency gave this tribute:

"We join with the people of this country and other nations in expressing our sadness in the passing of former President Dwight D. Eisenhower. We sense

keenly the loss to this nation of one whom we feel was one of the great ones who have held this high office and whose memory is immortalized as a defender of freedom. We send our

love and condolences to his family and loved ones."

b2 "There are no creeds in the world this day; no political divisions, no nationalities. There is but one heart—and

that heart is sad."So said Elder Harold

B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve at

noontime memorial services in the Salt

Lake Tabernacle for Dwight D. Eisenhower. The Tabernacle service, conducted by President Hugh B. Brown, was

one of thousands of communitywide services held the world over.

April 1969

The First Presidency announced the U

THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE

134 Improvement Era appointment of J. Alan Blodgett as day to Friday. New stake presidency: President

comptroller and director of the financial The semiannual missionary and other Max E. Nelson and counselors Carroll

department of the Church. He succeeds reunions were being held this weekend. H. Davis and Claude A. Rowley, SantaGeorge Y. Jarvis, who has been apquin-Tintic (Utah) Stake.

pointed by the First Presidency as the During general conference, the

European representative, in Frankfurt, Church membership as of the end of Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the of the Church financial department. 1968 was announced as 2,684,073. Council of the Twelve dedicated the

The First Presidency announced the land ofSingapore for the preaching of

The 63rd annual conference of the calling of the following mission presithe gospel. Missionaries have been

Primary Association opened this morndents, with their fields of labor to be laboring there for just over a year. Elder

ing with an earlymorning Children's announced later: Benson offered his prayer from atop

Friend department, followed by a genGrant A. Stucki of Chicago; Verden Mount Faber.

eral session at 9:00 a.m. in the Taber- E. Bettilyon of Salt Lake City; John K.

nacle. Departmental sessions filled the Edmunds of Wilmette, Illinois; and

day, followed by an evening buffet Major Herbert B. Spencer, now serving Construction is expected to begin

reception. with the U. S. Air Force in Wiesbaden, this summer on a new 25story office

Germany. building to house Church departments

Departmental meetings of the PriAn estimated 150,000 priesthood now located in many buildings in downmary Association conference were held, bearers attended the priesthood session town Salt Lake City, it was announced.

followed by a general session in the of the conference, in the Tabernacle Utah's tallest office structure will be

Tabernacle. and the Assembly Hall, at locations in built on the south side of North Temple,

Salt Lake City and at Brigham Young over the Church's threestory underThe 139th annual conference of the University, where it was viewed by ground parking facility.Q

Church opened this morning in the Salt closed circuit television, and at approxiLake Tabernacle. On the advice of mately 575 locations by leased wire in The appointment of Lynn A. Sorenphysicians, President David 0. McKay the United States and Canada. sen to the general board of the YMMIA

was not in attendance at any of the was announced.

sessions, but watched them on televiThe 139th annual conference of sion in his apartment. the Church concluded on this Easter Mrs. Evon Waspe Peterson, 68,

Late afternoon saw special sessions Sunday. general secretarytreasurer of the Relief

of Sunday School conference held in Society, died. Funeral services were to

Church buildings throughout the city, The architect's design for the Washbe held April 29.

with a final general session held in the ington Temple was released today. The First Presidency urged the Saints

Salt Lake Tabernacle this evening. This The First Presidency announced the to be as generous as possible with their

is a change of traditional days for the appointment of Clifton I. Johnson as a means in supporting the current annual

Sunday School conference, from Sunmission president. fund drive for the Cancer Society.

DoubleEntry Ledger By Evalyn Miller Sandberg

Enter love in your credits and debits.

No matter how much you extend it,

You can't get your books out of balance,

So expend and expend and expend it!

June 1969 135

FOR OLDFASHIONED CHAIRS CHURCH/SCHOOL FURN. j

HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS 1 StockingFolding ChoirsChairs & Tables,

Blackboards "CORONA"HatLecterns& Coat Racks

GRAIN MILL Immediate Delivery!

for use with Write for FREE wheat, corn, nuts, etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse Adirondack Buffs

1 grinding. New CTSP CATALOG

mill finer model with ADIRONDACK CHAIR COMPANY and Rebuffs grinding plates $10.95

postpaid. East of 276-H Park Av. So., N.Y.C. 10010

Rockies $1.00 add Shipping Point; PITTSBURGH CHICAGO—

Finer postage. grinding DALLAS BOSTON ATLANTA LOS ANGELES Sex Education

1 plates for old C set $1.95 postpaid.

I after in the search Month month pages sales in Utah. tax millAdd 4V2%

of for Era our to parents, a warning the "Special"to prices quantity church groups.

bishops, teachers, all elders, and members SALE FOR MOTEL the Church the about twin dangers of SIZE STONE GROUND HOME 22UNIT MOTEL, WITH of AAA "sensitivity training for planned change"FLOUR MILLS RESTAURANT and sex education in the schools as it is being presented across the nation in these

In Industrial Area trying times. How can we fight the forces

evil, of primarily aimed children, at our of Brigham Young University Home not recognize the in do devil if we the

Luxurious Living Quarters, with forms and schemes many assumes he

Fireplace these today? Just programs, two if unRoom for expansion. Includes 2 rental unit checked, will eventually ruin all the

home. Will carry paper for qualified buyer. teachings we and the Church are able to

$50,000.00 down. instill in our young people. Please, won't

you publish some articles on these subLEONARD KELLY jects so that all members of the Church 150 West 300 South Provo, Utah 84601 will be warned of these very real dangers to our children?

Mrs. Dale Talbot

Escondido, California MISTAKES PARENTS See the addresses given at general conflour! your Grind own

to better health with an. All..GrainEat yourflour waymill. PARENTSMAKE ference,these subjectsthis issue.are underway.Additional articles on

Now at new low prices!

residents Canadian add $3.00 additional The Church in Germanic Lands

current onto postage amount.

In the article "The Church Among the 32this amazing See how Peoples"Germanspeaking [March], page holds page book the key Send orders to: to 4, six elders is a picture of in Germany as your greatest success a parent.

SMfTHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. Points the way to remove causes of harmful habits in children of with the caption, "Elders of 1904 visiting

If ages. prompt, while you want obedience cheerful helping villages."is Everything correct

in every child 99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 allyour advance Free way Booklet send for—date, now. Germanexcept the which not was 1927,

1 Dept. Association, Parents Pleasant Hill, 97 45359. Ohio. I(

1904. This picture while was taken we

ATTENTION wereout purseon a orsummerscrip. missionaryThe elders,tripleftwithto

SCANDINAVIANS right, are, I believe: Elders Summerhays,

West, Haddock, Charles Francis, J. Alden

Do you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal, IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS Bowers, and Julian Cannon.

or Insignia? Aids in treatment of simple sore Washington,J. Alden BowersD.C.

We can reproduce or research. throat and other minor mouth and

Our files contain all Norwegian and Danish throat irritations. You're right.

Insignia on record plus many accompanying family genealogies. "Respect for Authority"

Write for FREE information. HALL'S REMEDY Concerning Dr. Sterling R. Provost's arVIKING HERALDICS Salt Lake City, Utah Authority"ticle, "The[March],Gospel whyandis Respectit that therefor

Box 497 Rexburg, Idaho 83440 is so much emphasis on authority, patrioFIBERGLASS SPIRES brotherhood,tism, law, andserviceso littleto fellowmen,on love, charity,helping the poor, life, for reverence peace, Large variety of sizes prices spires. of and REBUILTCOMFORTERS Easily installed. forth? so idea and Light that the dissident weight. The MainteDown, or wool free. Also, nance electric gas and hot are always without just cause reandFeather mattress. heaters water fiberglass baptistries. andBeautiful bellious, Satins that will all time evil, cure

fabnon-slipand is immature. otherwise would How yourics. Imported

for the revolution that foundeding. Also, we tickpillows and feather those do LITHEP.O. BOX 518GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. accountAmerica, violated polygamy'who

bed pads. laws, those who refused to kill their

Coupon forSend children their children at or who hid

Information.

manifesto Herod's firstborn, against the

LDS WANTED MAN or for you Daniel, account how would

Russell Quilt Pillow Co. & Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who Blvd., Tweedy| 4032 South Gate, Cal. 90280 LDS to Las man wanted Vegas manage

to refused idol, to an bow down ad for further Check box information: Branch securities firm. of investment Must

is infinitum? truth that The do men or comforters Down Wool recovered registered to fj be or able with pass NASD

Fashioned Patch Old quilts—tops for registration. immediate exam Send quilted and bound Q to S.L.C. P.O. resume 84111. 11443, Box Please enclose name, address and zip

136 Improvement Era.

WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES $5.75 MERCOTYPEFIRST 100 $7.75MERCOGRAPHFIRST TOO $19.75*VED

Printed on finest plain or paneled Raised letters (thermography)—Genuine steel die engraved—

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your clean new tfpe faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

obedience to authority, and abuse is Temples for your wedding stationery governments laws and wicked wicked evil. Over 60 styles from which to choose

Scott S. Smith including all the elegant vellums

Brigham Young University and finest parchments in silver

Provo, Utah gray and beautiful pastels. Also

On Writing informals, enclosures, thank you notes, at home cards, napkins,

I was disappointed that you could not photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

use some poetry I sent you, but I have books, and many accessories.

other things I will send from time to creatime. WITH COMPLETE via college I am discovering, Will SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY ORDERGUARANTEED

is courses, that tive writing writing OR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCEMONEY AND CHEERFUllY

at. This something worked to be was AllTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES

I I thought rather a surprise, must admit.

writers were born, not made. But I am

learning to use my desire to write. God FREE Gifts with every order

bless you.

Frances C. Beynolds

MlLLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA FREE CATALOG and FREE writers Saint Latterday wish more We -*.*.<v %?*-*- Etiquette Wheel writers these learn wouldbe would and

two things: we're desirous of receiving or (50c if airmail re-

(articles, fiction, manuscripts poetry):, but quested) credited on

effort. does take good writing

your order. <%mr

A Buff M E R C U R Y Name For some time I have been planning to write you, but the hustle and bustle of PUBLISHING CO. Address.

daily missionary activity seem to use all 146 EAST SIXTH SOUTH STREET my time. However, I have set aside a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 City State Zip

few minutes today to tell you my thoughts on the Era.

First, let me tell you something about our work. 'We are missionaries in the

serving Mission, Brazilian North in a VISIT HOGLE ZOO I Earn While section northeastern in the little town

Over mammals, 600 miles are 1,200 called Maceio. about Showing We birds and headquarters, from our mission and exhibit. on reptiles Exquisite

City. Salt miles from 6,000 about Lake

Our only contact with the rest of the SUMMER Lingerie of Modesty world comes through the mail, and each 9:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. You can be a consultant

month we receive the Era. I can't begin in your stake, and have

to tell you how much your magazine an exciting career in the means to us—us being myself, Elders FOR FAMILY FUN growing field of fashion.

David Swingler from Pacific Palisades, THE YEAR 'ROUND Call or write:

California; Chris Steffanson from Mur2600 Sunnyside Ave. 2511 South West Temple

ray, Utah; and Howard Cottrell from (850 So.) Salt Lake City, Utah 4873621

Ogden, Utah. Salt Lake City, Utah

Often it is easy to forget that the Telephone 3221631

Church is a big, wellorganized unit when all one sees each day is a small, sometimes disorganized branch. I like

to read articles and stories about misCOX'S DELICOUS sionaries in faraway places. It helps a

lot to know that other people are out n there working too. Obviously, we read OMEGA CreamedHoney

the magazine from cover to cover. one of the best in the U.S.

Elder Dennis B. Wade

GIFT A SPECIALTY BOXES North Brazilian Mission <src/x/v\vvQA for its flavor and quality JEWELRY COMPANY famous "Morality in Communism"for a lifetime of proud possession (Write for 42 West 2nd South Free Brochure)

Salt Lake City, Utah 3221039 84101 FARMS HONEY COX to appreciation Just a note express my

LARGEST (301 grTroutlI moneyJ Shelley, DIAMOND Idaho DEALER 83274 interesting for the very informative INTERMOUNTAIN'S and letter by Dr. George E. Vesely in "Buffs"

in November. It is good to read the

truth concerning godless conspiracy. the

certainly... Dr. has seen this Going East Soon To Do FIND YOUR ANCESTORS Vesely GENEALOGY FOR YOU vicious conspiracy in action firsthand. LET ME HELP YOU Researcher L. Jerreld Newquist Accredited

BS in Genealogy, BYU Seattle, Washington

Specialist in Scot., US, Eng. EXPERIENCED ACCREDITED

WILMA ADKINS Mrs. Enid B. Willardson, A.G.

701 Deseret Bldg., SLC. Ph. 3592551 P.O. Box 1641, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

June 1969 137 The connecting phrase in the First Amendment, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."

(italics added), tends to be overlooked and sidetracked. Today,

the "free exercise of religion"on state university campuses, and on most other campuses as well, has been limited if not prohibited. The

dogmas of other corporate bodies, their social, economic, and political doctrines, are freely dissected, discussed—bypromulgated, refuted,their argued,adherentsand

and advocates, by critics and opponents.

The state and national constitutions have opened the campuses to every kind of "free expression"in the field of politics or social theory.

Young Republicans confer with devotees of the Socialist Workers

Party, with Young Democrats, Young Americans for Freedom, and whatsoever. But the organized

Methodists, Baptists, Congregationalists, Presbyterians, Catholics,

Jews, Mormons, Christian Scientists, and Episcopalians seem tobe churchbound, church confined, with their physical presence and activity off the campus.

There may be an occasionalReligion and the "ecumenical"gathering on the college quad. A sweetspirited

woman student may say from the mall a few words for the benefitState Universities of television on behalf of the

Campus Crusade for Christ. But

By Dr. G. Homer Durham such appearances are like snowinfre- President, Arizona State University at Tempe fall on the Sahara—highly

quent, with little visible effect.

Today's state universities are pression in various forms in state No voices like the Wesleys at somewhat handicapped by an outconstitutions. The intended purOxford are heard in the social

moded concept of churchstate pose was to preserve religious science or education patios. The

relations in the United States. The freedom, to prevent either a names of George Fox, Joseph

constitutional provision in the church monopoly of civil affairs or Smith, John Calvin, Mary Baker

First Amendment, "Congress shall a state monopoly of religion Eddy, Thomas Aquinas, like Jesus make no law respecting an estabthrough taxsupported, stateand Moses, turn up occasionally lishment of religion,"finds exestablished churches. in some quiet conversation. But

138 Improvement Era.

their advocates and devotees nating (and paying the salary of) tSMfo, gather and are heard offcampus a qualified professor or professors Crisply refreshing while the names of Eugene Mcto represent their views. Such

bubbly enough for Carthy, Leon Trotsky, Richard nominees would have to qualify a celebration!

Nixon, and the followers of other and be appointed to the faculty politicos appear to have acquired of the school on the basis of their bullhorns and loudspeakers onqualifications. Army,.navy, and air Delightfully

campus. force officers are now nominated nonalcoholic!

The time may be approaching and accepted or rejected by the when state legislatures may take state universities under a similar some cognizance of developments system. When appointed, their 1-PACK (4/5 qt.)

since the eighteenth century. They salaries are paid by the armed $3.50 ppd.

may possibly consider, while proservices, but they are responsible tecting the basic values of civil to the universities for their perand religious separatism, some formance. 3-PACK (4/5 qts.)

appropriate means of lifting some Thus, the school of religion, on $8.00 ppd.

of the seeming "prohibitions"on campus, would offer for credit a the "free exercise"of religious standard course in the religious SAMPLE (6.4fl.ozs.): $1.00 ppd.

opinions at their state universities. systems represented, as the air SINCE 1868

No one wants the revival of the force officer teaches aerospace

Inquisition of Spain, or Savonarola. doctrine. The denominational and GOLD MEDAL

But there is undoubted place on other courses would be approved S. MARTINELLI & CO.

the campus, as well as in offby the faculty of the school, as in DEPT. U BOX 549

campus religious centers and any other department of the uniWatsonville, Calif. 95076

churches, for the fuller expression versity. If the Catholics and the

of religious thought and feeling, Catholic professor appointed de- \ and for such expression within the sired to teach the course on framework of reasoned argument Thomas Aquinas or Augustine or and debate. The advocacy of the Church Fathers, that should

Catholicism, Judaism, or Presbybe their privilege. It would likeOPPORTUNITY MAY KNOCK

terianism on campus can certainly wise be the Lutherans'privilege to ANYTIME—NITE OR DAY

be no more harmful than the teach at least one of the courses Fleeting moments of inspiration advocacy of free trade, righteous on the Reformation (the Catholics should not be lost!

war, unrighteous war, pacifism, might want one, too), one on the BE PREPARED—KEEP THEM

workers'rights, business enterworks of Luther, and so on. GenWRITE THEM DOWN

prise, or educational reform. eral subjects of nondenominationIttieaae v?ufi6eap<J

The state universities might be al character could be left to the permitted to establish schools of faculty. Such a system has been

religion, afford them space and in use at the State University of jgcwa/eAi Jaom place on the campus. The school's Iowa for many years.

housekeeper, like the housekeepThe churches today are not as ers of other schools, could be influential in society or on the called dean or director. He or she campus as in the seventeenth cenwould be chosen for his qualificatury. But religion has an abiding

tions in this field as any other and durable place in life, in so- v)oaene4 director would be chosen, includciety, and in the curriculum.

SoCirunei ing recognition and willingness to Religion, like sociology, art, and accord academic freedom and rechemistry, needs professors with uoCb spect to all concerned. For such a Ph.D.'s and knowledge on campus,

school, then, permissive legislaas well as professors with faith S& 38tod* $4.95 postpaid

tion could be obtained. and some understanding of the Battery not included

Religious bodies so desiring intellectual significance of their <37. (J>. Utah residents, 22c tax

could have the privilege of nomifaith, both on and off campus. O m& &*o& NITE RITER, Inc.

1424 Darling Street Mai/wad* Ogden, Utah 84403

June 1969 139 r "1

University of Utah, and back and give them more

Life we were at the Salt Lake room. He must be a

Among hisairportfirstto job,see himas anoff for missionary."sisters, overhearingOne of mythis,

the engineer in Long Beach, said, "No, he's just

Mormons California. There were 16 going to work. "There

of us, giving lastminute was a moment of silence, -#-'advice, kisses, and and then the girl handshakes. After watching asked, in a puzzled

us, a thoughtful tone, "Does this happen

Our younger brother young girl nearby every morning?"

had just been said to some other -Eva Bent ley, graduated from the onlookers, "Let's move Salt Lake City, Utah L J

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

The welldressed man The little boy ran to his You don't raise heroes, looking at neckties in the father and exclaimed: "Wow! you raise sons. And if you

department store tossed one or You should see the great treat them like sons, they'll two aside contemptuously, new lawnmower the people next turn out to be heroes, as he made his selection. door got! It doesn't need even if it's just in your own eyes.

Scliirra, Sr., orAfter he had his purchase. gas you have—Walter made anything—all U. S. astronaut father of

is clerk thehe noticed push it!"to do

putting those he had so positively rejected in a separate I have never met a greater box. "What becomes of The most talkedabout man than my father.

'those?"he inquired. subjects at the average reunion—President George Albert Smith

"We sell them to the women are those who didn't come.

who come in here to buy "Junior, don't ever use ties for men,"the clerk replied. such bad words again,"the

The seven ages of woman startled mother rebuked "What made you give up are: first, a baby; then, an her son. "But Mother,

singing in the choir?"infant; then a miss; then Shakespeare uses them,"he

"I was absent one Sunday a young woman; a young declared. "Well, then,"

and someone asked if the organ woman; a young woman; she replied, "don't play with him

had been fixed."a young woman. anymore!"

End of an Era

140 Improvement Era I,

I

iS*

-sw \\ p 4 A fc-*-

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor Era ofIfbeth

By Joy Sansom

Music, a universal language Welch is a member of the Among those who feel priviin which heart speaks to heart, YMMIA general board, assistant leged to share their talents is spirit to spirit, is an effective director of the Tabernacle Patsy Tomlinson, a University missionary tool for the Church. Choir, and associate professor of Utah psychology major,

To help further the worldwide of music, University of Utah. whose music must be translated

missionary effort, the new MorAlthough the choir and orinto braille.

mon Youth Symphony and chestra are based in Salt Lake The chorus and orchestra are

Mormon Youth Chorus have City and rehearse and record in under the general direction been organized. the Salt Lake Tabernacle, some of G. Carlos Smith, Jr., YMMIA

Initially the groups will remembers of the groups travel general superintendent, and cord 15and 30minute proas far as 80 miles each Saturday Florence S. Jacobsen, YWMIA

grams for some 400 radio for rehearsals. general president. Roy M. Darstations; appearances on televiFour universities and colleges ley, Tabernacle organist and a

sion are contemplated. are represented, and the memmember of the YMMIA general

Members of the two musical bers'hometowns are in several board, is their accompanist.

groups were selected from more states and countries, including The Mormon Youth Symthan 1,000 applicants who Samoa. phony and Mormon Youth

auditioned for places in the Chorus members range in Chorus are proud to represent 2 00 -voice chorus and the 100age from 18 to 25, and orchestra you, the youth of the Church.

piece orchestra. Dr. Jay E. members, 18 to 29. All are dediAs another "era"in the Church

"Welch, director, personally cated to the missionary purpose begins, the Church again looks auditioned each person. Dr. for which they were organized. to its youth for strength. o

. 'j\f ys&sm

Dr. Jay E.

l iflHk\ Pl

Ny Era of Yoeth 1969

Brigham Young University Ricks College

Full Scholarship

"The Execution"Wanda Weimer "Solitude"David B. Bly

Livermore, California Magrath, Alberta, Canada

'"Nostalgia"Dennis Drake Rancho Cordova, California "The Toll of the Desert'Ellen Christensen

Rupert, Idaho Partial Scholarship "Holly"Carol Jean McKnight "Today"Eileen Perry Orem, Utah

Jacksonville, Florida "These I Love..."Lynette Kennington

"Sometimes W.e Grow Up Qianne Marie Whitelock Fairview, Wyoming

in the Strangest of Ways"Salt Lake City, Utah "The Memory of It All"Margit Nielsen "The Teacher"Ann Doty Drayton Valley, Alberta, Canada

Logandale, Nevada

Sandra "The Woman"Payne Church College of Hawaii Provo, Utah

"I Believe in Man"Mary Alice Davis This Year Is Yesteryear"David R. Sturt

Provo, Utah Laie, Hawaii "Conversion"Jeanine Tew "Fleur de Noel, Georges Mairai Sun

Marion, Iowa Fleur d'Amour"Papeete, Tahiti

Cash Awards

"My Soul Delighteth in the Bryan Gerritsen "Poems"Molly Nelson

Song of the Heart"Salt Lake City, Utah Eugene, Oregon "The Story of the Rubber"Jose Carlos Nellis "Riverside Park"Wayne B. Guymon

Aracatuba, Sao Paulo, Brazil New York, New York "A Little Cowardly, A Little Janet Clark "Padre En Ti Creo"Zita Jema Lopez Hernandez

Brave, A Mormon Soldier"Georgetown, Idaho Apizaco, Tlaxcala, Mexico "The Spirit of the XY'Is..."Joanne LaVerne Hughes "Leaves of Snow"Steven Lars Amundsen

San Jose, California Bakersfield, California "La Maison Ou J'Ai Grandi"Vivian Tchan Fat "The Right Decision"Mardene Beck

Papeete, Tahiti Ovid, Idaho "Strength Is Feeling"Michael D. Perkins "An Informal Essay: Earle Jay Goodman

Sandpoint, Idaho Friends"Bountiful, Utah

144 Era of Youth Writing Contest Wieners

Tlhe Msurlba Co Josephsoe Sclbolairslhiap

Era Subscriptions Marba C. Josephson, for many years to perpetuate her memory, the Young

associated managing editor of The ImWomen's Mutual Improvement AssoKaren Lee Grimmer ciation annually Era, the of unawards was provement Marba a woman

California City, C. Yuba

carried Scholarship to out her Josephson usual talent outstandan who responsibilities to this magazine loving girl who has shown writing ability John W. Sego

ingly, efficiently, and with great wisand a desire to progress further. This Troy, Montana

dom. As stated at her death: "She was scholarship of $1,200 is given to the

a great humanitarian, a writer's writer, university of the girl's choice to be Linda Shelley a speaker's speaker, and a charming administered by them to pay for tuiMesa, Arizona companion.... Her faith and optition, books, and other needs as the girl Janice Perry

mistic outlook were a constant source progresses in her chosen field of creaBountiful, Utah of almost electrifying power to others."tive writing or journalism.

To encourage young writers, which Florence S. Jacobsen Marilyn Mattson

she did so well during her life, and YWMIA General President Bend, Oregon

Linda Carmen Cheyenne, Wyoming Genevieve Betty Potter, daughter of

Mr. and Mrs. Willis A. Potter, Kearns, Buckley Carlos Jeppson

Utah, is the 1969 winner of the Marba ColumbiaVenezuela(home: Torrance, California)Mission

C. Josephson cash scholarship award.

Genevieve's list of qualifications Jeanine Moesser reads like a Church listing on youth Provo, Utah activities. Everything there is to do

in the auxiliary programs, she has done. George Gull King

All the awards there are to receive, Provo, Utah she has received. She has the gold Gary Fisher

medallion for attendance and the Provo, Utah

Campcrafter award. She has earned

her Golden Gleaner award. She's taken Tamara Jeanne Wilkes

part in festivals and pageants in the Idaho Falls, Idaho

Salt Lake Tabernacle and at the Hill

Nancy Dixon as as well York, Cumorah in New in Casper, Wyoming stake. has in She been her own home

Church films and folk dance proAnnette Lyman grams. She has taught in the auxil- A Salt Lake City, Utah

iaries and serves as a stake missionary.

She has completed seminary and instiLinda Ellen Grady tute courses and organist training. Her APO San Francisco, California

singing has honors. group won contest Hector Mi ran da y Vazquez Ledesma

as a she secreCurrently is employed Canelones, Uruguay tary in the Church Office Building.

The oldest daughter in a family of Stella Maris Rivas 12 children, Genevieve looks forward Posadas, Misiones, Argentina to further academic training, which this cash award now makes possible. Amparo Vargas Paeheco

Her talent as a winning poet in the Veracruz, Mexico

Contest Era Writing of Youth de Pelaez W. Bondanza and as Zulma

literary editor of a seminary magazine, Montevideo, Uruguay

Window into Eternity, brought her to the attention of Era of Youth editors Fermi n Portilto Urunaga and the YWMIA executives. Asuncion, Paraguay

June 1969 145 Tib

Sculpture by Dennis Smith

dtitll

W OX(4. V fitNi*#kPM

.Exetioe the bridge,A womanstaringwithintowindblownthe fogshroudedhair andbay.tearstreakedThe cold faceclamminessstood onof

the early San Francisco air chilled her, and she pulled her coat tighter.

Fifteen more minutes, she thought.

By Wanda Weimer, 18 The pale, muted shades of color in the east reminded her of a morning

Livermore, California long ago when she had also been alone in the moments before sunrise.

Her tortured mind clutched at the chance to take refuge from the present in the past, and once again she was running exuberant and carefree through the wet, kneehigh grass.

The child flung herself into the softness of the meadow. Her

laughter, breaking the stillness, was answered by the call of a solitary bird heralding the coming dawn. The hills were gilded purple, the decrepit wooden fence resurrected and silhouetted against the cadences of

an unwritten pastoral—and morning had come. The pungent odors of

hay and recently turned earth were strangely invigorating, and the child, playing like a frolicking puppy, rejoiced in her freedom.

The faint murmur of rushing water called her to the creek. She

threw a stick into the water and ran beside the tiny drifting vessel.

Suddenly she stopped, seeing a bird thrashing wildly in the water near the opposite bank. She dashed to the fence extending to the other side

and worked her way with careless abandon along the sagging wire squares. Nearing the shore, she jumped and slipped in the mud upon

the landing. Standing up again, she tried to reach the bird. She clung

desperately to a branch growing near the bottom of the steep embankment and stretching, freed the bird with her other hand. She scrambled

back up the marshy bank and placed the frightened bird in a tuft of grass to dry. Unable to contain her pride, she raced back to the farmhouse,

jumping over the hollowed salt licks, stopping only at the windmill to wash. Quickly she worked the rusted iron handle up and down, listened

to the pump cough and choke, and waited impatiently for the sudden burst of water. The creaking porch steps announced her arrival, and

Grandma's familiar, singsong voice called out, "Hurry up—waffles'll

be cold!""You look like you've taken a bath in the mud,"her father chided, as she walked into the house. "What've you been up to this early?"

"There was a bird caught in the creek, and I slipped trying to get to it."She talked excitedly of her adventure and then stopped suddenly

as she noticed the stern, disapproving expressions surrounding her.

"What kind of bird?"

She stammered, and then looked up "I—Iinto thedon'tsharp,know.grizzledIt was black,face ofandherkindagrandfather,glossy—

"Starling!"The sudden staccato burst ricocheted off the walls

like the retort of a pistol. She looked at her father for an explanation,

"Honey, you don't rescue starlings. They're bad—they eat seeds and destroy crops. You should have just left it there—

"But Daddy, it was drowning...."Remembering the feeling of

life pulsating in her hands, she began to cry. "It was alive! I couldn't

just let it die."

The woman started as a car honked loudly behind her. She looked

at her watch. "Six o'clock.... It's over."The fog had lifted, and she

J$JU could now make out the walls of San Quentin Prison across the turbulent water. And the woman who had cried as a child because she

did not understand wept now because she did. O

I looked out across the vast audience and there special. External surroundings merely enhanced

they were. I found them just before the choir the specialness. He was much older than I, but

sang. They were sitting toward the back, and there was an immediate freeness of communica-

I couldn't see them too well because I try not tion between us, an open sharing of thoughtout to wear my glasses in public, but I knew who thoughts, although the sharing was lopsided because he had so much more to give.they were—I just knew.

I suppose no matter how long we live, there When I was with him my mind dwelled on will be good people concerned about our growth loftier words from great men, rethings—great

but somehow, when you are a young girl, if ligious truths, and why they were true. When he

that person who is trying to prod you on to bigger left, my mind mourned the loss of an impressive and better things happens to be an extremely stimulus, but my heart mourned the loss of someattractive and intelligent young man, you can't thing that would never be. He shook my hand

help but resent a fatherly attitude just a little. at the airport.

Perhaps not so much resent as just not underOccasionally I would hear from him. I read the

stand. But unfortunately attitude cannot always books he suggested. I am not an intellectual, but

alter the course of events. I thrilled to Tolkien and Lewis, and I even venNow, it wasn't that we had shared the moon tured into some Church books I had so zealously

and stars together, because we hadn't. avoided before. I astonished my friends by sugIt wasn't because there had been unforgettable gesting they read this or that book, and all

words of love between us, because there hadn't through that golden autumn I followed my own been (although we were good at shaking hands!) advice. I read and grew. My literary horizon

special—veryBut somehowspecial.the things we did share were pandedand depthgreatlyof becausespiritualofunderstandingour brief acquaintance,had ex-

I met him near summer's end at a stake picnic and I was grateful to him.

a few weeks before he returned to graduate When I called home from Barb's house and school. We spent hours under the glorious canopy Mom told me there was a letter from him, I

of evening skies, but that wasn't what made it hummed all the way home, savoring every moio the Sometimes We Grow Up

Strangest of Ways

By Dianne Marie Whitelock, 22 Salt Lake City, Utah

<9.m mm ment of anticipated pleasure. Opening it within no matter what I looked like, but I knew I'd

the confines of my own room downstairs, I sat feel better knowing I was wearing my new in pensive silence until I had read it through three jacket. I mean, there are certain things that just

times. The contents didn't change. The words cannot be faced in a black skirt and white blouse!

were excited, their meaning was clear: he was I chatted with my friends on the stand, but

getting married, and the very aura of the letter out of the corner of my eye I saw them approach.

told me how thrilled he was. I could not help but He had said in his letter that he knew I would

share his joy, in my own way. like her. I don't imagine I ever did think that

Now here they were at stake conference. T she wouldn't be pretty, but I was rather surprised

assumed that the girl in the green and brown just the same. For being as old as she was, she

coat beside him was Kathryn. I thought they looked very nice.

might come, since he lived in my stake and they I had a moment to watch her and collect my were to be married tomorrow. thoughts before she saw me. I'm not at all sure

I recognized them just before the choir sang, to this day what, if anything, had been said, but "He watching over Israel slumbers not nor she looked at me as if to say, "I do know who you sleeps."Somehow in my heart as I sang, the are."A hesitant smile played on her mouth.

soothing, melodic lines calmed me, and the words Suddenly upset with myself for all my negativepenetrated my mind: "Shouldst thou walking in thoughts, I descended the stairs without hesitagrief languish, He will quicken thee."It wasn't tion, with my hand outstretched and a smile on

that I was really grieving, but it was a sense of my face. She returned my smile wholeheartedly

loss that I could not explain. I knew that whatand took my hand. Before a word had been

ever happened, the Lord would guide my actions, spoken, my heart had given its thoughtful apand a sweet peace settled about me. Before I proval. Relief flooded my mind. The crisis had

knew it, the closing prayer was being said. passed. I liked her. I liked her very much.

As the organ boomed forth a glorious postlude, "You must be Kathryn,"I said warmly.

I slipped on my new scarf and jacket. I knew Sometimes we grow up just when we think

that what was about to transpire would transpire we're not going to. o

"You must be Kathryn!"

,:,k

Illustrated by Travis Winn Photo by Robert Perine lemamer Jobs Cae Be Fee

By Wendy Johnson

Summer is coming, and for youth Whether it is mathematics or St. N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036,

everywhere this means it's time for English composition, every student or the Indian Desk of the Departthe Summertime Blues. But this knows at least one subject in which ment of Health, Education and

summer, with your help, promises he is weak. Why not start a sumWelfare, 330 Independence Ave.

to be different and much more fun. mer tutoring service in your com- S.W., Washington, D.C. 20003. If

Instead of the inevitable "same old munity? Organize a group of your you have questions concerning the

job,"why not go in search of somefriends and tutor other students Church Indian program, write to thing more exciting—summer work who are weak in subjects such as the Indian Committee, 115 E. South

you'd like to do, for a change? math, English, science, or lanTemple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

What are your special interests? guages. It would help them greatly, Those interested in the political

The field of social work offers a and who knows—you might learn a scene will be welcomed by politiwealth of summer job opportunilot yourself. To start this program, cal campaign committees. If you

ties. For example, in Project Headcontact your local community recrehave no particular candidate in

start programs, you can work with ation center or schools. mind but just want to get involved,

economically deprived children Have you ever thought of living volunteer your services to the from three to six years of age who with an Indian tribe over the sumLeague of Women Voters. This orneed love and attention. You help mer? Some teens last summer did ganization aids the political process

raise their education to the level of just that and loved it. For more inby providing summarization of ispreschool children from more adformation, write to the Office of sues and helping people register to

vantaged homes. Economic Opportunity, 1200 19th vote.

150 Era of Youth Hospital work attracts the interfor its Directory of Accredited secretary, receptionist, or girl Friest of thousands of youth each Camps ($1.50). day? Watch and learn, and next

year. To inquire about job opporWith summer ushering in vacatime you will be better qualified

tunities or volunteer work, your tions, where do people go? Everywhen you apply for that certain

state department of hospitals might where, and especially to the national position. If a threemonth secrebe of assistance. You might also and state parks. Summer jobs are tarial job seems hard to come by,

check local hospitals, clinics, and created with the continual throng try working through temporary the Red Cross. of tourists. Those interested in park office help agencies. Apply at two

Do you want to be a dental employment can obtain a list of or three, and you should be kept or medical assistant? Ask your doctheir names and addresses from the busy all summer. The pay is good

tor or dentist for suggestions. National Park Service, Department and the variety stimulating.

The scientifically minded need of the Interior, Washington, D.C. In the area of sales, many job

not wait for a Ph.D. to begin work. 20240. For most of the park jobs openings are usually available. ConIf you have taken certain required the age minimum is 18, but there tact your local department stores

courses, the National Science Founare a few exceptions. For state and others.

dation summer training program parks, write the state park service If your goal is to make and save offers opportunities for high school in your state capital. the most money, sometimes it is

students, especially juniors. The Try contacting special interest best to stay home and work locally

students work in a laboratory of a summer schools or YMCAs. They to save yourself expense of room

hospital or other research institution might need additional staff help. and board.

or on projects of their own choice. In these schools, students gather Even younger teens can work.

Stipends are offered in some cases. with others of like interests and You may not be able to work for a

For information, write to the talents to study under concert perbusiness firm, but so what? Use

foundation at 1800 "G"St. N.W., formers, artists, and professionals. your imagination. People are

Washington, D.C. 20006. For findMany career areas offer internpeople. They all want and need

ing parttime jobs, send 85 cents to ships to interested applicants. In the help. Why not start a tutoring

Science Research Associates, Chifield of communications, journalism service for neighborhood children?

cago, Illinois 60611. enthusiasts may apply through their Give them swimming lessons; teach

Does archaeology fascinate you? college journalism departments or them handicrafts, art, and music.

Some museums conduct special to newspapers of their choice. InStart folk singing sessions. Many

projects. Write to the National Sciterns receive a salary as well as parents would love this extra spark

ence Foundation for their booklet invaluable experience. Government of culture for their children. Ever

listing the various projects throughinternships may be obtained thought of going grocery shopping out the country. through colleges, congressmen, and for your neighbors?

Like experiments? Why not parsenators. Like to read? Many libraries welticipate in one. Contact your local Interested in gaining craft excome young help in the summer for

college or university. They are often perience? Some youths have contheir storytime hours. Start a babyinvolved in research projects, and tacted craft experts in the art of sitting service; do yard work; make

people like you are needed. They pottery and jewelry making and obthings to sell. Creativity is a vital

even pay. Colleges as well as vocatained challenging apprenticeships. part of searching out satisfying sumtional high schools sponsor workPerhaps theater work is your bag. mer jobs. Many work possibilities

study programs. Often there are jobs for the asking aren't found in the want ads. They

"All this is fine, but I like the in local community theaters. Coshave to be created. Think of your

outdoors,"you say. That's great. tuming, public relations, advertishobbies and special interests. Show

Youth summer camps are made for ing and publicity, and photography samples of your work to prospective people like you. Camp jobs inare some of the possibilities. employers. Know your capabilities,

clude: cook, counselor, lifeguard, Secretarial and typist positions and have confidence in them.

crafts adviser, and many more. The are always available for summer All it takes is a bit of perseverScouting organizations may be of work. Sometimes a job has caught ance, lots of enthusiasm, and your

help for more information. You your eye but you lack the necesown special brand of creativity. The

might also write to the American sary experience. What better way to jobs are there, if you just look hard

Camping Association, Bradford learn the ins and outs of your busienough. Think positively, and have

Woods, Martinsville, Indiana 46151, ness interest than to be a typist. a fun summer! o

June 1969 151 Nostalgia Remember when conviction was a virtue?

By Dennis Drake, 24 Or, for that matter, when virtue was a virtue?

Rancho Cordova, California Before it was fashionable to own a casual faith;

Before a sustained thought was regarded as a stagnant redundancy;

Before moral failure was couched in terms of freedom and maturity;

Before the world was decided by committee,

Canned and labeled and forcefed to millions.

I dreamed I was a man of many powers

Who could choose and live by choice.

Conviction does not easily capitulate.

Prize -Wieeieg Poetry

Dennis Drake

... Talk They say that talk is cheap

By Dennis Drake But lives, marriages, careers are saved by talk.

The parent's counsel is a valuable thing,

And prophets'words are not for sale.

Cheap talk is cheap, just as small talk is small,

But some talk is more precious than rubies.

Flattery is to a sincere compliment as lies to truth,

And gossip goes begging where talk is the testimony of two minds.

Words that comfort tears, or praise a child,

Or stingingly rebuke a sin, and then express love for the sinner

These were never cheap.

You can buy the right to publish a poem; you can never buy the poem.

The teacher's probes and promptings do not hang in pawnshops,

Nor are scriptures salable.

A nominal fee never purchased any wisdom.

Some talk is priceless.

152 Era of Youth Beautiful LIVING COLOR

Illustrated Stories From THE BOOK of MORMON

SEVERAL

VOLUMES NOW AVAILABLE

WITH OTHERS FOLLOWING

VERY SOON

These volumes cover in WORD and PICTURE the ENTIRE

Book of Mormon as translated by the Prophet Joseph Smith.

They will contain approximately 1500 pages in beautiful color, and are designed to convey a simplified, easy to read, well organized continuous story, with every picture and narrative carefully crossreferenced to the actual Book of Mormon text which appears in the back of each volume.

In addition, these volumes contain a short History of the Church

Of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, which is also well

illustrated.

ORDER NOW RY MAIL OR

FROM LOCAL REPRESENTATIVES.

NOT AVAILABLE IN BOOK STORES

Pleats reserve the entire set of sixteen (16) Volumes "ILLUSTRATED STORIES

FROM THE BOOK OF MORMON"at they are completed by - PROMISED

LAND PUBLICATIONS, INC. - 163 East Vine Street - Murray, Utah 84107

$6.50 Each, plus 24c Tax and 50c Postage.

(Please Print)

(Street or P.O. Box)

(City) (State) (Z ip No.)

Purchaser's Ward

Amt. Enclosed $

I These illustrations from vol. 4.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

is sharing things together,Sharing the Good Things Of Life... Family happiness

secure in the knowledge that all members of the family are adequately protected against, life's uncertainties. Your Beneficial Life Consultant takes pride in serving your life insurance

needs... including your annual "life insurance checkup"to meet your growing and changing needs. There are new growth opportunities for you... with Beneficial Life Insurance.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Salt Lake City, Utah