TMmprouement Era

";i "."'. "'.'A,

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SA—>—--"-"—t - - -,—..-..,

Think accomwhat YOU could is to that maker, proveTHE "CANDO"The object, Mrs. Homewith hands BOTH really can prepare you a plish

like the worksaver time and meal WITH aROPE TRICK scrumptious... in kitchen with adjacent below TIED BEHIND HAND ONE

(left). laundry room And how Freedom YOU...in a New

enjoy the AUTOby Speedy and gas - equipped kitchen. you would

Flexy Flame MATICrefrigeratorgas range,and SILENTUNLIMITEDgas hot water! By the way, what

color scheme would YOU choose for this charming design?

J

V/e women like the cheery BLUE

FLAME that we can SEE. Gas is

so flexible, so easily controlled, you can run the entire scale of cooking temperatures as easily as striking notes on a piano.

Modern gas cooking, refrigeration and water service indeed make home happier, assure NEW FREEDOM from work and worry, for you and me!W MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities I

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.eB'"Phe delta region which includes Canton, China, is so crowded that

there are over three thousand people for each square mile. With such pressing together on the land about two hundred thousand of the people live in

boats.

Tt is estimated that Thomas Jefferson wrote about 1 8,000 letters during his life, and about 26,000 letters were written to him.

A ncient Egyptian women at parties wore lotus flowers in their hair, trailing over their foreheads, and placed a cake of scented ointment in a light framework on their heads. The ointment gradually melted and ran over the

head and down into the hair, giving off a pleasant aroma and producing a sensation of pleasant coolness.

HPhe hair spring of a watch is socalled because hog bristles were first used.

In these early springs one end of the short stiff bristle was made fast, and the other bent back and forth by the balance as it swung to and fro, giving an action like a small pendulum to keep the watch running at the same rate.

Fine steel wire was soon substituted and coiled to make it last longer.

4An interesting method of stopping sand from shifting has been deSOUP veloped at the PhysicoAgronomical

Institute in Leningrad, Russia. A ton of Swoosh! It's the last exciting

bitumen is sprayed over two and a half downmountain run of a thrillpacked acres of sand, consolidating the top surface and preventing the sand from day... down, down to the goal. Then

moving. The surface lasts for three refreshment at the lodge. And what for

to willyears withstand winds up and the hour.fifty miles lunch? Um-m-big steaming bowls of UrtfftJLT8ES -F8I. an For cultivation

land can be treated in strips, or the Tomato Soup and a heap of those flaky, seeds planted under the treated layer. appetizing Saltines by Purity.

fVNE species of skate in the Indian There's a meal for

Ocean grows to over eighteen feet mountaineers!

across its heartlike shape and may weigh twelve hundred pounds. The

eggs laid are almost square with corners forming curved points or horns.

Coda water and soda fountains get their names from a beverage served at least as early as the eighteenth century consisting of a weak solution of sodium bicarbonate with some acid to cause effervescence. Common "soda

water"is now made by dissolving carbon dioxide gas under pressure. F 8 ft 1 T Y 8 1 $ C U IT CO Wl P AN Y $ A I T I ft K

JANUARY 1947 1

*Jke Lcover "rTlHE Tragedy of Winter Quarters"stands guard QmprdTeiiieufbra over the little cemetery at Florence, Nebraska. JANUARY 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 1

It is the work of Dr. "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Fairbanks andAvard

depicts the grief of Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement those called upon to Associations,Teachers, andDepartmentOther Agenciesof Education,of the ChurchMusic Committee,of Jesus ChristWardof mourn the loss of their Latterday Saints loved ones, some six thousand of whom died en route from exposure and travel hardships, and nearly six hundred 9* of whom lie buried in Greetings from the First Presidency 12 the Pioneer cemetery at Florence. The sculptor is himself a desLhurch +jreaiUre5

cendent of some of those Pioneers who lie The Presiding Bishopric Reorganized 10buried in the cemetery. How the Desert Was Tamed—Part I John A* Widstoe 14

Formerly with the The Joseph Smith Monument at South Royalton

Division of Fine Arts A, G. Whitham 18 Formation of the Line of March Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 29

at the University Reconciliations: and of Evidences Joseph Smith CXIH—DidMichigan, he has reMigration Plan the of the Church? Westward

cently been appointed John A. Widtsoe 33

head of the newly created School of Fine ClippingStatementPraisesfrom Brigham"Mormons"Young.... 4 NoLiquor-TobaccoAaronic Column. 4443

Arts at the University Concerning the Holy Ghost.... 5 Ward Teaching 45 Change of Address:

of Utah. The Church Moves On 30 Genealogy 46 Fifteen days'notice reThis photograph was Priesthood: Melchizedek 42 Field Photos 64 quired for change of adadapted for cover use dress. When ordering a

by Charles Jacobsen. addresschange, pleaseslip fromincludea

Special *jfteatures:t recent issue of the magachanges Address 19 zine. Celebrations in Pioneer Times..E. Year Cecil McGavin New unless cannot be made

Let's Brentnall 20 Talk It Mary Over well as the old address as Editors "Scouts of the World—Building for Tomorrow"the new one is included.

George Albert Smith Rock M. Kirkham 21

John A. Widtsoe Pilgrims of the West Jessie M. Sherwood 22 Executive and Editorial

Offices: Shall Lire Alvin She D, Day 23 EditorManaging Street, North Main 50 Richard L. Square 24 Temple Spoken Evans The Word from Richard L. Salt 1, City Utah. Lake of in the Success 28 Bennion Classroom Evans Elements Lynn M,

EditorAssociate Copyright 1947 by Muthe Universe, Exploring FrankCross 34 Help Your Red Josephson C. Marba Inc., tual Funds, Cor- a

1 lin Harris, S. Jr B. Corner, Josephine Cook's of the poration YoungGeneral Manager Bread, R. 3 A. McCance 34 Nichols ImproveMutual Men's

Q. George 6 Times, Morris These G. Durham Homer Hints 35 Handy the Association of ment

Franklin 8 Benjamin On of Christ of Jesus Church Delin- I'm Juvenile a NotAssociate Manager Executor, H. Joseph WesYour All Saints. Latterday 36 quent, Eileen Gibbons Cannon Lucy G. 9 ton rights Subscripreserved.....40 the Bookrack On for Beauty, Hunger Homing:Business year, price, tion Manager $2.00 a

64 34 and Ours Irma Your Page Dovey D. Giles John single in advance; 20c

copy.

Editorial Associates Entered at the Post

J. Moffitt Elizabeth

Albert LZobell, Jr. Cditorial5lonald Office,Utah, asSalt secondclassLake City,

Harold Lundstrom Centennial Horizon 32 matter. Acceptance for

mailing special of rate at Marba C. Josephson 32 Building Anew AdvertisingNational

in for provided postage Representatives section of 1103, Act OcFrancis Mayo, M.

tober, authorized 1917, City S5torie6} J-'oetru Salt Lake

July 2, 1918.

S. Townsend, Edward Era Improvement I The in 16 the Prince Hole Redd Anna Rock—Chapter Francisco San and is for unnot responsible Hill 26 Clapp Robinson Dorothy Far Green Away Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but 48 Forge""Vallev Washburn of Mormondom The J. N.

Bolle, and Dougan contributions. welcomes

Chicago and Frontispiece: Living Challenge, 4 Helen Maring Need,

All manuscripts be must New York....1 Willes Wangsgaard Eva to Rise, Pauline suffiKneel by Tyson accompanied 41 Poetry Page

cient for delivery Audit Bureau ofMember, postage 6 Stephens—51 Miranda Home, Walton Snow Circulations and return. Elaine Lesson, V. Emans.... 8 The In Georgia Moore Nauvoo, Old

Lights, Lalia M. Thornton 10 Eberling 55

BREAD THERE'S A Artificial enrichment is undesirable TRIP.

By R. A. McCance, M.D.

major nutritional reform in the

British Isles during the shipping crisis of 19401942 was adoption A of eightyfive percent extraction flour.

The change from seventy percent extraction supplied B vitamins, a good x protein mixture and additional iron.

Maintaining a high extraction rate of flour is easier, safer, and cheaper thanp> theu milling to low extraction and adding synthetic substitutes, says R. A. McCance, M.D., of the University of

valuall the England. Not Cambridge,

\ m Mn ** 32 vitamins minerals, and able amino acids, 1 \ I removed with the outer parts of the I \ B \ #> 1 -, grain can be replaced, and artificial enrichment is biologically and nutritionally unsound. wheat grain consists of 12.3 per-;\ IN The

cent (by weight) hard, fibrous outer A YODR 6 layers, or bran; eightyfive percent endosperm, containing protein and carbo- "vAFUTUHE

hydrate; and 2.7 percent wheat germ,

high in phosphorus and thiamin. Other

are fat, iron, of the seed $m& lamp constituents Aladdin's don't need You jl >}> riboflavin, and gSi truly wonderful calcium, potassium, you wish when food. All you need to do is open nicotinic acid.

a handy jar of Keepingqualities of high extraction of the presence flour because are poor TURKEY Boned LYNDEN eightydelay There's reason to from no germ. of Loaves wheat

feast are of the the makings Here flour extraction five percent become trip that you've wanted it salads, in in or hot dishes—serve

sandwiches, just as it comes from moldy quicker than do the whiter, drier to take. With Western

jar. the percent seventy from loaves made future flour. Pacific the is now. next time drops company The users, for large factors, important in—These to give or family you wish your when W.P. are travelers And housewife. the concern seldom treat, just it this try serving a way: that service enjoying therefore, public, the bakers and, The

'HutikeAf G<VUt Pudding and millers, prefer flour producing a measures up to the finest 2 tbs. fat 3 to 4 tbs. diced white, lightweight loaf with large voltraditions of American

green pepper tbs. flour 2 this rail travel. texture. Flour of uniform and ume sliced finely or

1 cups mNk y2 quality varying "strength,"has a type pimiento West go go you When 1 salt tsps. y2 cups 2 conin protein direct to the cooked proportion Pacific.the direct Western pepper Dash kernel whole tent. fourteen wheat, with Canadian to Francisco. route San 1 jar corn 5y2 -oz. flour; protein, strong percent a makes information call For eggs, beaten 3 lynden Boned

Turkey separately English wheat, with eight to ten per- H. R. COULAM, General Agent

Make white sauce of fat, flour, milk, cent protein, makes a weak flour, more 48 South Main Street until thickened. seasonings.. Add Cook for bread. suitable for crackers than Phone 4-6531 pimiento, or and green pepper turkey, is protein part of wheat The greater

of Stir heat. a little corn. from Remove the hot mixture into beaten egg yolks. supplied by the endosperm. A mixture

Add to rest of hot mixture. Fold in of bran and germ weakens flour for bakstiffly beaten whites. Turn into greased ing. From time immemorial, bakers have

casserole. Bake 1 '/2 qt. at 325 F. 1 discarded as much as possible of the

servings. set. 4 or until hour,

outer layer. With eightyfive percent

extraction most of the bran and much of the mineral content are removed, but the greater part of the germ and some of the outer endosperm are retained and iron and vitamins are not seriously reduced. By seventyfive percent extraction, the germ, including much thiamine, is removed. In flour of seventy

percent extraction, protein is almost as abundant as in whole wheat.

Abstract by Modern Medicine of "Bread"by R.

A. McCance, from Lancet 250:7781. January 19. 1946.

JANUARY 1947 Clipping Praises "Mormons"

FromCouncilElderof Ezrathe TaftTwelveBensoncameof thisthe interesting item from London Tit

Bits, October 18, 1946:

Good Health! We're Living

Like "Mormons"

"Decently published statistics have raised one of the most astonishing health mysteries in the history of modern medicine. They show that the

be added it should "Mormons"—-whom Bye, baby bunting,

entirely monoin these days almost are

Daddy's gone a-hunting, gamous—enjoy better health and imTo get a little rabbit's skin munity from disease than any other community in the world. The "MorTo wrap the baby bunting in. mon"—or Latterday Saint—figures

have been compared with the average of the six leading nations of the world, with the following result (the "MorBye, baby bunting, mon"figures are given second):

Daddy's back from hunting, Diseases of the circulatory 196 115 system He landed 'baby'modern swag, 23 44 disease Kidney He has FelsNaptha 'in the bag/ Tuberculosis 120

Cancer 119 47 Diseases of the digestive Even if a man can't system 73 56 manage mink these days, {Theis 8.1deathcomparedrate of "Mormons"with the

he might do a fair job other nations 13.8.)

just keeping 'the little A partial explanation, but only parwoman'in FelsNaptha. tial, is that Utah, where they live, has

To a housekeeper antinentunusuallyis the healthyfact thatclimate,the "Mormons"more perfaced with a big wash strictly adhere to the rigid rules of this grand laundry soap is almost priceless. hygiene laid down by one of their

founders. Another point is the fact that

living permit no alcohol, rules of There's magic in the simple word naptha—when their plenty little meat, coffee, or no tobacco

it's blended with good mild soap, the Fels way. of fruit and vegetables. The "MorMagic that makes dirt do a disappearing actmons"claim that anyone who follows

have rules would health and living that makes your washing machine their as disease of escaping a chance as good a 'quick change'performer. they have.

Certainly food conditions over here

When buying laundry soap means hunting instead of help so far as the present difficulty of shopping—FelsNaptha is the prize 'catch.'obtaining spirits and cigarets are concerned.

NEED:elsNaptha Soap By Helen Mating

ban/shes"tattlbtal gray Truly I am a newcomer,

Trusting the hope and the word,

Need of the bounty of summer Cries in my heart like a bird,

Need of the autumn's strange glowing,.

Need of the winter's white rime,

Need of the spring and the sowing,

And faith in the cycles of time.

Statement from vSriaham Ujlount

Loncerninq the HOLY GHOST

would rather hear men tell their own experience, and testify that Jo-

I seph was a Prophet of the Lord, and that the Book of Mormon, the Bible, and other revelations of God are true;

that they know it by the gift and power of God; that they have conversed with

of the Holy the powerangels, have had It's Got Everything visions giving them them, uponGhost and revelations, than hear any other kind of preaching that ever saluted my ears. If I could command the language

and eloquence of the angels of God, I would tell you why, but the eloquence of angels never can convince any person that God lives, and makes truth the habitation of his throne, independent of that eloquence being clothed with the power of the Holy Ghost; in

the absence of this it would be a combination of useless sounds. What is it

that convinces man? It is the influence

of the Almighty, enlightening his mind, giving instruction to the understanding.

When that inhabits the body, that which comes from the regions of glory is enlightened by the influence, power, and Spirit of the Father of light, it &;:;

swallows up the organization which pertains to this world. Those who aregoverned by this influence lose sight Everything You've Been Wanting

mortality; to pertaining all thingsof

influenced the pow-. wholly are bythey Jllllmm. in a LOWCOST Tractor

of time. lose sight eternity, ander of

satisfied with anything less complete, less convenient, strength, and Why be honor,All wisdom, the whatsoever is considered desirable less capable, when you can get the Case "VAC"at a popular among men, yea, all that pertains to this price? It's the only tractor in its size and price class that gives you

organization, which is in any way inas regular or optional equipment all of these things:

dependent of that which came from the Full 2-row power, plenty for two plow bottom's under ordinary

Father of our spirits, is obliterated to conditions, one where plowing is tough. Four forward gear speeds,

them, and they hear and understand by to make the most of eager engine power in every field job and in the same power and spirit that clothe safe, swift hauling. Case valvein-head engine that holds its steady

the Deity, and the holy beings in his pull when throttled down, saves gearshifting. Case fullswinging

presence. Anything besides that infludrawbar that makes turns shorter, easier, with fjull load; locks

ence, will fail to convince any person of itself rigid when backing.

the truth of the gospel of salvation. Cultivators for the "VAC"are up in front, easy to see. CultiThis is the reason why I love to hear vator, engine and axle all have big crop clearance.JHbydraulic lift

of testify to themen surecontrols steering touch. at a implements Quickdodge and

is at once Spirit uponthe Holy variousthem—itoperations belt cultivation. close pulley, footed traction for fast, Rightside

subinstructive. ainteresting and When

ject is treated upon with all the calculatoe-touch turning brakes, deepcushioned safety seat, electriction, method, tact, and cunning of men, starter and lights—all make more comfort, more convenience.

with the effusions of worldly eloquence, Production of "VAC"tractors is in full swing, but thousands before a congregation endowed with of farmers want them. For latest information on tractors and

the power of the Holy Ghost, and filled implements, see your Case dealer. J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

with the light of eternity, they can understand the subject, trace its bearings, place all its parts where they belong, and dispose of it according to the unalterable laws of truth. This makes all

subjects interesting and instructive to {Concluded on page 47) JANUARY 1947

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM tional Labor Relations Act) of 1935.

Director of the Institute of Government, Sustained by the Supreme Court in

University of Utah 1937, this act requires each employer in interstate commerce ( which includes virtually every basic industrial activity) /""an we turn to the "right"? Regardless to deal with organized labor if labor

V* of the outcome of the 1946 conwishes to organize in his plant. The

gressional elections in the United employer has no choice in the matter.

States, history will probably record It is the law of the land. This is the

this as one of the major questions of basis for the expansion of organized the campaign. As the United States labor to fifteen million members in

and the Soviet Union face each other unions of nationwide scope.

across Europe, many persons state turn"is their belief that a "right not "Cifteen million duespaying memfor doonly necessary the American mestic economy, but also vital in bers, plus one wife or husband each, to million. If they thirty all were that totals the clarifying issues—hence their election, national a single vote in basis of noncompromising soughtfor

approximate strength would combined of instead cooperation conflict—bevotes. million numThe greatest Soviets. thirty the ourselves tween and

ber of people ever to vote in a single '"Phe Democratic party, since 1933, has Americanmillionplus election(1940). Itwasdoesn'tfortyninetake a

claimed to be the world's chamcourse in differential calculus to deterpolitical in meetof pion democracy if voted million thirty that people mine industrial, coling of imperatives the constitute a mathey as a unit, would in lectivizing reconciling society; million. libjority of fortynine

erty with "planning"and the gigantic programs for modern public welfare.

The Republican party, beginning conTt is a fact, however, that organized certed opposition to the "New Deal"labor does not vote as a bloc. It is

with whispers of "communistic,"in true that an overwhelming majority has 1936, has increasingly charged that supported the Democratic party. (A

democratic policies are leading down signal reason for past Republican failthe road to communism or socialism. ures to win elections is the size of that

The 1946 congressional elections will labor vote, lost to Republicans largely bear some long time scrutiny in terms since the days of Theodore Roosevelt.

of public attitudes on this charge. But most of organized labor, with their

Prior to 1946, the fact that the Demowives and voting children, at least cratic party, while disavowing support thirty million strong, would certainly from socialist and communist groups, oppose repeal of the Wagner Act.

nevertheless received and benefited Can we get production? Can we

from them, has not seemed to impress avoid strikes?

the majority of voters that there is So far as the political answers to danger of the Democratic party leadthese questions are concerned, with socialism. into ing the nation The involved, Act O.P.A. and the Wagner The year around—regard- "solid south"in strength of the rest decisions largely with Amerithe the

less of time or season lastnamed party has always afforded can workingmen in their labor organiwill inright"some basis for this view. zations. "turning Any Mrs. J. G. McDonald's consent, or a considerable volve their

be thereof. to This happens

these facts of basic political world - famous chocolates *TnPresident,the meantime,appears Mr.to giveTrumanthe imas portionone of the

are part of the party. Just pression that he, personally, would like times. Is there a "right turn"for labor

to follow a middleof-theroad policy, that is really right? Right for labor?

add guests and serve... but that he dares not because of the Right for America? Right for the world

for here is hospitality known holdsveto powerover thewhichDemocraticorganized party,labor inthanthea basicmere senseshift fromof goodnessany politicalmore the world around. Yes, for viewed as a national body. "left."?

every occasion, Mrs. J. G. A "turn to the right,"nowadays, asThis is the question of the hour.

sumes the slackening of governMcDonald's Chocolates alment enterprise, a lessening of governKNEEL TO RISE ways are in good taste. joritiesment controls.in CongressWillslackenRepublicanthe pace,maBy Pauline Tyson Stephens

controls? and lessen the O.P.A. Take rise to wouldst thou unknown heights. IF strikes, topics favorite for examtwo pray; thy knees and on Go

ple. in humility For deep man >

the way. upward Is on

T-Jeavy production always raises the still: further the heed message Yet for basis of strikes. question The

stay; but Kneel down, do not

field in of the OWKfO jjjj OPUATtD ir MIS 1 j, UiPOHMD tKP I KilL MiOOHUO the present phenomena thee, to arise—speaks For when God

labor relations is the Wagner Act (NaStand ready to obey.

6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For The Centennial Year BOOK S—

RECREATE The Adventure KNOW The Pioneer Personalities

UNDERSTAND Their Motivation All Captured In Great Books!

ADVENTURE: PIONEER PERSONALITIES:

LIFE AND TRAVELS OF PARLEY JOSEPH SMITHby PrestonTHE NibleyPROPHET $3.00

P. PRATT 52.50 JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50

by Daryl Chase THREE MORMON CLASSICS....$2.50 JOSEPH HISTORY OF WESTWARD AMERICA $5.00 by His MotherSMITH...$2.50

by Howard R. Driags BRIGHAM YOUNG, MAN AND

STORIES UTAH INDIAN $2.50 $2.25 HIS WORK R. Hunter by Milton by Preston Nibley

FAITHPROMOTING STORIES....$1.00 BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONTHE EXODUS OF MODERN IZER by Milton R. Hunter $3.00

ISRAEL $1.00 DANIEL H. WELLS $2.50

by B. S. Hinckley

THEIR MOTIVATION: LIFE OF HEBERby OrsonC.F. WhitneyKIMBALL $3.00

..,$2.75 PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH SWEET LOVEby HelenREMEMBEREDCortex Stafford

AND THEIR FULFILLMENT $1.50 LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH $2.50 THE GOSPEL $1.00 by Joseph Fielding Smith

by B. H. Roberts WITNESSES OF THE BOOK OF

HANDBOOK OF THE RESTORAMORMON $2.25

TION $2.50 by Preston Nibley

WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE LIGHT OF MORMONISM CHILDREN YOUTH: $2.00 FOR THE AND Thomas C. Romney by $1.50 BEN BOY.... THE WAGON

R. Driggs Ifoward by UTAH, THE STORY HER OF THE DENNIS AND MORMON $2.75 - PEOPLE $2.00 BATTALION Milton R. Hunter by

S. Harmer by Mabel ADDED UPON PIONEERS..$2.00 $1.25. STORY OF THE MORMON by Nephi Andersen S. Harmer by Mabel

A VOICE FROM THE DUST $3.00 FROM PLOWBOY TO PROPHET $1.25

A. Morton by Wm. KEY TO THEOLOGY $1.75 STORIES $1.00 PAHUTE INDIAN by Parley P. Pratt

R. Palmer William by ORSON PRATT'S WORKS $2.50 MUSICAL ADVENTURES.$1.25

SIGNS OF THE TIMES $1.25 by Moiselle Renstrom

by Joseph Fielding Smith RHYTHM FUN $1.00

by THINGS..$1.75 RESTORATION ALL OF BOOKMoiselleOFRenstromSONGS....$2.50 MY PICTURE Fielding Smith by Joseph Gay, Colorful, New AN UNDERSTANDABLE STORY TO TELL $2.08

RELIGION $1.50 YOUTH AND THE CHURCH $1.75

by John A. Widtsoe by Harold B. Lee

.75 CHURCH.... HISTORY SHORT OF THE $1.25.. IN THE GOSPEL NET

. $1.00 A. Widtsoe by John SEEKER TRUTH MORMONISM AND

DESERET The BookBOOKCenter of the IntermountainCOMPANYWest'44 East South Temple St. P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10. Utah

Please send books as indicated above. Herewith $

To, Address.

Name City State

JANUARY 1947 7

ON THE GREAT GIFT BOOK DF THE YEAR BENJAMIN FRANKLIN

Nauvoo the Beautiful the fictitious was Saunders Richard E. Cecil by McGavin which almanac of the compiler thrilling historical A true, narrative of

the origin and growth of Nauvoo, with Benjamin Franklin edited and pubits 20,000 people at the time of the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith. lished from 1733 to 1758. But Poor

The grim epic story of the mobbing Richard soon became and will always of and expulsion these loyal American citizens; the destruction of their homes; FrankActually Franklin. Benjamin be the of their burning their temple; Hersayings, borhis of culean trek across invented plains lin some and mountains; their unflinching fortitude and of most improved and more, rowed glorious achievements.

storyteller. a master by Here pungency. in brevity and

of wealth WrittenA material heretofore them new that made thoughts unpublished. of the few are a

355 pages. 32 pages of photographs Poor Richard famous pictures. and

ORDER NOW Price $3.00 There is no little enemy.

Postpaid The heart of the fool is in his mouth,

THREE MORMON HISTORY OF butheart.the mouth of the wise man is in his

CLASSICS JOSEPH SMITH to keep him, friend to thy good Do Thrilling oi stories His Mother By him. gain to thy enemy Wilford Woodruff SMITH to LUCY MACK Cannon, George Jacob Q. Hamblin

Price $2.50 Postpaid Price $2.50 Postpaid Approve not of him who commends

LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL all you say.

little farm by Orson F. Whitney A little house well filled, a

Large Gift Edition, 520 pages well tilled, and a little wife well willed,

Price $3.00 Postpaid are great riches.

WITNESSES OF THE Poverty wants some things, luxury many things, avarice all things. BOOK OF MORMON

Preston Nibley by Compiled S*#it A lie stands on one leg, trutli on two.

of documentary Contains a wealth evidence and information to historical is invaluable which every Sloth and silence are a fool's virtues.

student. Printed in large easyto- Book of Mormon

read type. Price $2.25 Postpaid The worst wheel of the cart makes

uvwww/wi/vv/wvw FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON MUX/ww<AM\Annfuuv the most noise.

These Fine STEVENS36 Richards& St.,WALLIS,Salt LakeINC.City 1, Utah Search others for their virtues, thyalso are Books below: checked the books Please send vices. for self thy

ClasThree BeautiMormon the all Nauvoo at Sale For sics $2.50 $3.00 falls in love with himself will that He of book leading Life Joseph Smith of - the Theful Witnesses

dealers. LifeBookofofHeberMormonC. Kim- $2.25 ByPaymentHis Motherenclosed. $2.50 have no rivals.

Order your ball $3.00 Send C.O.D. Sin is not hurtful because it is forbidcopy TODAY Name den, but it is forbidden because it is

Address hurtful.

He that sows thorns should not go barefoot. a reason, but without is never Anger Stevens&Wallis,ing STREET PUBLISHERS OF &Z. 36!RieHARDS one. with a good UTAH seldom SALT LAKE CITY. FINE BOOKS

There was never a good knife made of bad steel.

The doors of wisdom are never shut.

Half a truth is often a great lie.

Your cleaning ByTHEElaineLESSONV. Emans

prayer that unspecific learned I have this help as, "Lord, NowSuch me through darkened way the or "In thy care again,"sun to say, than rather problem,"PARtner! IntoI lay my

"Please send me this,"or "Let that come about"blest trusting, Is wiser and more and more The Quality Soap for to learned pray withanswer. I have With

PARticular Housewives Tellingout the Father how, when he knows best. 8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA accurate inventory of them. Liquidate

claims, legacies, taxes, and funds for the unless our (Lxecwtor thesimilarless desirable assets to provide requirements, cash will otherwise directs. By JOSEPH H. WESTON Take charge of all businesses inPrelude to a

cluded in the estate. Arrange for their

management, sale, liquidation, or disyou ever think about your estate, tribution. "GOODNIGHT*DIDthat is, the aggregate of your Determine whether securities ought

property and affairs at the time of to be sold or retained, observing, howyour possible death? ever, the provisions of the will.

If the friend, relative, or trust comConsider all claims against the pany that you have selected as your estate and proceed to contest with litiexecutor were today called upon to do gation any that are unjust or improper.

his duty, what would be expected of Prepare state inheritance and federal him? How much of a job would the estate tax returns, and settle these

winding up of your affairs be? How liabilities.

As you open the door of your room at the Hotel Utah, after a busy

or festive evening, there's real satisfaction in seeing that your bed has been turned down, a soft night lamp cheerfully glowing.—Drawing by Charles Jacobsen Maintain at all times an itemized

statement of all transactions, which is to youmuch of his time would it take? Would to be later submitted to the probate This is our way of saying

for approval. conferringyou be an honor or a court "a good night to you, and pleasant

legacies. Deliver specific bePaydrudgery him? upon

Here are a few of the steps necessary quests that are authorized in the will. dreams."It is but one of many

. Defend the will in court if it is conin settling an estate: extra services which we try to prothe Locate will of the deceased. Astested.

certain if it is the last one which he Submit a final accounting and report vide for your complete enjoyment to the court.executed. File it in court. probate

These, then, are the principal steps in of your stay at the Hotel Utah. to Present proof court the as to"the

settling an estate. property The more letters for applicationlegal heirs. Make Yes, today as always widespread your interests, the moretestamentary the execand and the oath of

utor. the greater the details involved in setAssemble all personal assets of the tlement following your death. You're Welcome

deceased, take possession of them and These are the things that you would hold them safely. be called upon to do if a friend or relaAt the

his executor. tive named This is you as deposits. bank Assemble Withdraw Utah! of a friend or relative you demand thatsecurities the dewhat were owned by

ceased. Arrange for the collection of all when you name him for this position

interest and dividends due. of responsibility.

Take charge of the real estate. DeterAll this, plus the complicated manner

mine the situation as to taxes and mortin which property is often held these gages against the property. Inspect the days, plus the great amount of liquidaproperty to learn its condition. Artion frequently necessary to settle inrange for its management and the colheritance and estate tax demands, exlection of rents or other income. plains the rapid devolution of most of

File necessary papers and collect all this business during the past two declife insurance policies that have been ades onto the shoulders of trust commade payable to the estate. panies and lawyers who are especially

Collect any debts due the estate. trained in this field.

Proceed with litigation in this capacity, Like jury duty, however, this task if necessary. might fall to any responsible citizen.

Evaluate all assets and maintain an Are you ready?

JANUARY 1947 VL PRESIDING BISHOPRIC j &eomaviizei

IS.::::;-:!:;':;:

70SFPH L. WIRTHLIN LE GRAND RICHARDS THORPE B. ISAACSON

first Counselor Presiding Bishop Second Counselor

to in basketball reorganization Preof the at the with days him is Colbe same room Snow own inThesiding lege apenthusiastic his catch of yet necesEphraim, town humble his home Bishopric, made sary by the death of Bishop Utah, he was selected as an allstate proach to a problem. To hear him

Marvin O. Ashton last October 7, basketball guard. His interest in describe a project is to create the

was accomplished December 14, sports has led him to a knowledge desire to get behind it and see it when the First Presidency anof fishing, baseball, and golf. And through to completion.

nounced that Bishop Joseph L. what boy does not like a leader who Bishop Isaacson left the field of

Wirthlin, formerly second counselknows the feel of a fish on the end of education about ten years ago to or, had been advanced to first counhis line, or enjoys hearing the crack enter the insurance business. There

selor, and Thorpe B. Isaacson had of the baseball on the bat when the he rose rapidly, and at the time of

been chosen as the new second bases are loaded and the score is his appointment in the Presiding counselor to Presiding Bishop Le tied? Bishop Isaacson, as a member Bishopric he was general agent of

Grand Richards. of the Presiding Bishopric, will asthe Lincoln National Life Insurance

Bishop Wirthlin is well known in sist in the direction of the Aaronic Company for the territory embracevery corner of the Church. He was Priesthood activities of the Church. ing Utah, Idaho, and Nevada, Two

first sustained as second counselor In recent years one of his Church years ago the president of his comin the Presiding Bishopric at the hobbies has been the adult members pany designated him as the outstandgeneral conference in April 1938, of the Aaronic Priesthood. He ing life insurance man in America.

when Presiding Bishop LeGrand knows of their problems and symBishop Isaacson was born SepRichards was first sustained. He was pathizes with them. He now finds tember 6, 1 898, at Ephraim, Utah, a

then the president of the Bonneville that he has been assigned the welson of Martin and Mary Beal IsaacStake. In the years that have folfare of these men, as the specific duson. After attending the schools and

lowed, Bishop Wirthlin has traveled ties of the members of the Presiding Snow College there, he continued throughout the Church, attending Bishopric are broken down. his educational pursuits at Brigham

the stake quarterly conferences as In height and appearance he Young University, Utah State Agri- a member of the Presiding Bishopric. stands as a man among men, and his cultural College, and the University

He is now advanced to the position personality matches that height. To of California. He is now a member

of first counselor to Bishop Richards. Q of the board of trustees of the Utah

Bishop Isaacson has been the first LIGHTS State Agricultural College, Logan, counselor in the Yale Ward bishopBy Lalia Mitchell Thornton and as such is charged with the ric of the Bonneville Stake in Salt r like to stand on a lonely hill school's athletic program.

Lake City for the past five years. *- And look to the stars above; His wife is the former Lulu

'tis nights, the wintry on Prior to that he was a member of the But window lights, Maughan Jones, whom he met while lights that of I love. town The

stake Sunday School board and And I would sail on a vessel fine, teaching school. They have two

president of his elders'quorum. With the moon a beacon fair, children. Mrs. Joyce Isaacson Tribe,

He brings to his new position a Though with sea for dower I should wish and Elder Richard Alonzo Isaacis now serving in the New love of youth and of mankind which Thateachlightshour of the town were there. son who

is fortified by the experience of fif- I fain would visit the cities great, England Mission.

teen years as an athletic coach, That in books have won renown, The Church welcomes and susteacher, and superintendent of But grieve,if forced to leave, I should always tains Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson in

schools in Utah and Idaho. In his For window lights of the town. his new calling.

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Photograph bg Eva Luoma

immortal is around me here. 3omething In earth and air, yet nowhere visible,

It burns and throbs and clings. Each pioneer

Contributed a part before he fell

A victim of his own mortality.

I've felt it lift my chin and make me climb

The one step more which raised my eyes to see

A ray that pierced the velvet folds of time.

The hut inadequate, the implement

By Handmade and crude, and measured food—the voiced

Eva Willes And written word have traced the way they went.

They loved, gave birth; they sorrowed and rejoiced;

Wangsgaard And, passing on, with mortal hands they threw

Something immortal back for me and you.

JANUARY 1947 11 -K Greetings -mm

PWSIDENT L REUBEN CLARK, J> PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

NCE again "the inaudible and noiseless conditions are more propitious. Evidences of unfoot of Time"marks the passing of daunted faith in the restored gospel, and of inanother year. Once again we approach the most creased spirituality are manifest by individuals and

important of all celebrations—the anniversary of organizations in all parts of the Church—in the

the birth of the Babe of Bethlehem, which connotes, Americas, in Europe, and in the islands of the as does no other event in all history, Peace and Pacific.

Good Will. True, the enemy of all righteousness is also acLooking in retrospect over the last twelve months, tive. Whenever he discovers a weakness in the

members of the Church have good cause for gratiranks of the faithful, he strikes and strikes hard, tude for progress made and success achieved. but his attacks are becoming more and more impotent. Membership has increased—seven new stakes and

Glancing at the world in general, we see peoples fiftytwo new wards have been organized—prospects are brighter for building materials for much in wartorn nations destitute, discouraged, disneeded chapels—necessary finances are available tracted, and yearning for peace. Common people

for the erection of such edifices, also for temple everywhere are sick of war. Twice in a generation

work, for all phases of welfare work, for Church the cruelties, the beastliness of war have sickened schools, for the furthering of priesthood and auxthe heart of the civilized world. Even though we

iliary activity, and for the promulgation of the think we know the causes, and supposedly the justigospel at home and abroad. Of the thirtyeight fications of these worldwide holocausts, the fact

missions organized before the war, thirtysix are that they have occurred in the center of socalled now functioning, and appointments are under adChristian lands has caused millions to lose faith in visement for the opening of the other two, and the the nearness of the millennium, and shattered conestablishing also of two new missions as soon as fidence in their fellow men. There is a general feel12* THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The First SIDENCY

of the Church of /4e5ws diridt ing among the masses that something is wrong in the politics of the world and in the social and indusof cJatter-daiA Jaintd trial relations of men, that war is not the solution of existing problems. Undoubtedly, there are today more people in the world than ever before who sand such communities would make a nation; and

are ready to heed the admonition of the Lord given a hundred such nations, a world! through the Prophet Joseph Smith—"Renounce war Peace, therefore, is an individual acquisition, a

and proclaim peace."The futility of war as a family duty, a community attainment, a national

remedial factor of social and political ills is becompossibility, a world conquest.

ing more and more apparent. It is timely, therefore, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

while the recent spread of barbarism and violence is in the world to establish peace among mankind.

over Europe and the Orient is still shocking the Though brute power, greed, and lust are today, sensibilities of humanity, for the nations to seek as as in the past, dominant forces in civilization, yet never before ways and means of renouncing war followers of the Prince of Peace must not despair;

forever. for in the fulfilment of God's purposes "Peace, unThe nineteenth century was marked by a decline weaponed, conquers all."

in faith in God and an increased faith in science. Approximately three thousand missionaries

The accomplishments of science seem to be limitmany of them but recently discharged from the less. In many ways it has made life more comfortmilitary forces of their country—are now contributable and beautiful, but it has also made life hideous. ing their time, ability, and means to the promulThough it brings into our homes the music of the gating of peace. Two hundred thousand men and

spheres, at the same time it slays defenseless women boys who have been ordained to the priesthood are and children indiscriminately. Manifestly, it cannot enlisted in the same great cause. Members of the

save mankind from wars, but it can annihilate the Church everywhere, in every land and clime where human race. The promise of science for human the message of the restored gospel has been acbenefits, and particularly as an assurance of peace, cepted, are under obligation to live at peace with

is now questioned. their families, their neighbors, and mankind, that

Faith in God is the first essential to peace. It is through their daily acts, they will demonstrate to

folly for the United Nations now seeking ways and the world that they accept in reality the message means to permanent peace to exclude the idea of of the angels: "Glory to God in the highest, and

God from their deliberations. Only through an on earth peace, good will toward men."

acknowledgment of the Divine Being as Father can With this greeting, we send our sincere prayer the sense of human brotherhood have potency. that peace and the blessings of the Lord that folOnly thus can life have purpose and humanity as low may abide in the hearts and homes of members

a whole live in peace. of the Church everywhere, and of honest men and

With faith in God must be associated the realizawomen the world over.

tion that peace springs from the individual heart.

"He that will love life, and see good days,... let

him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace,

and ensue it."Jesus taught that "a man's duties to

himself and to his fellow men are indissolubly connected."His idea was to have each individual

imbued with faith in God, with desires to live uprightly, and to deal justly with his fellow men;

then a thousand, ten thousand, such individuals grouped together would constitute a community of worshipful, peaceloving human beings. A thouThe First Presidency

JANUARY 1947 13 * THE DESERT WAS TAMED HOW vv oLeMoti for -Jodau and Jcomowow f V WHY THIS ESSAY

'Phe invasion and conquest of the arid section have been made to discover the real causes of

A of the United States have become an Amerithe success attending the pioneers in their battle can classic. Historian and romancer alike have with arid conditions. We have been content to

paid eloquent tribute to the courage and fortiknow what they did, rather than how the thing tude of the people who led the way successfully was done.

into the desert places of the United States. In This essay grew out of an attempt to dissect

song and story, in bronze and marble, the heroic, the pioneer achievements and to discover one unparalleled, pathbreaking, often tragic trek of by one the causes, which acting together, made tens of thousands into the valleys of the Rocky "the desert blossoms as the rose."As these were

Mountains has been acclaimed. Its successes and revealed, they were, as might be expected, simfailures have been recorded in minutest detail. ple, of general use, and known from antiquity.

It forms a glorious chapter of victory in the They reveal, also, the things of the spirit which annals of our land. made the pioneers willing to risk their lives and

Along the trail of the Pioneers has arisen a happiness in the westward venture.

proceeded, As the writing states western empire of the Union. of many

bloodily man, battling In unhappy the marveltoday—andgrew yesthat their building, they have borrowed help from

will what, only heaven not knows terday—for the lessons learned companies by the courageous

to place use these principles give to everywhere, that unflinchingly first entered into battle in a plenty, to and and "good a world peace make new and arid section of the land.

in."lesson of live is for the pioneers today The

Though this be true, though our schoolbooks and tomorrow. The past has done its work.

tell the story, there has been only casual referThis is a lifegiving theme to which scholars ence to the principles put into action to win sucshould give profound study. This essay or

cess in the battle with aridity. sketch is but the briefest approach to the subject.

As these principles, which lie imbedded in the The word pioneer, as here used, refers to those work of the pioneers, were used, conquest and who from July 1847 to May 1869, before the progress raised their heads. It is curious that in railroad came, entered on foot, with handcart or

the abundant literature concerning the settlement by ox team, into the Salt Lake valley and surof the Great Basin of North America, and the rounding valleys, plains, and plateaus, to bend surrounding territory, only scattered attempts them to man's will.

I In the window of an upper room of the

There Lies the Desert temple, the glow of candlelight could be seen far into the night. There a group of men, leadThecompletedtemple inandNauvoo,dedicated.Illinois,Somehad ordibeen ersmoreof thanthe Church,a year before,were assembled.their prophetA littleand

nance work had been done within its president, with his brother Hyrum, had been walls. It was the largest, costliest, and archimurdered in cold blood, by jealous and untecturally the most interesting building in the friendly citizens of neighboring villages. Not

state. From the hill on which it stood, it overyet satisfied, these enemies now demanded looked the orderly city—the largest in Illinois that the Latterday Saints leave Nauvoo and

—and it caught the sheen of the stately rolling the state. The demand was accompanied by

Mississippi which held the city in a curved rapine and arson. For over a year the matter

embrace. had been discussed. At length the conclusion

Sadness and anxiety were in the air this had been reached that the proposed surrender 1 autumn of 1 845. Men and women, doing their of homes and temple was inevitable. The

daily work, looked questioningly, prayerfully, brethren were now within the sacred temple hopefully up to the temple, which they had walls discussing how the evacuation could be built in faith to Almighty God. The temple, made, and where the new settlement was to be.

itself, with its upward reaching tower, seemed to brood over the destiny of Nauvoo, the city It was agreed that the new location must be beautiful, which had been built, amidst toil one where the people would be left alone until and sacrifice, within seven years, on swampy firmly established. That probably meant some

land thought unfit for use. Had all been in place not generally desired by homeseekers.

vain? Where was such a place to be found?

m

had brought back news about the vast and dimlyknown western territory. Often, their

stories were exaggerated, and grew in the J. VJllhl5oe 2V. Jain telling; yet there nearly always a modicum wasI

TWELVE E COUNCIL OF in of truth of them. each

Moreover, the Oregon Trail had been traveled by homeseekers for nearly a decade.

Returning pioneers over the trail had made

Island been suggested Vancouver had familiar by parts to the of somewhat the West missionariesEnglish converts. and It was far public. B. L. E. Bonneville spent Captain had

away; surrounded by water, therefore someseveral years of the 1830's in the West, andwhat inaccessible; and not likely for many had made reports of the conditions found

years to be invaded by others. British officialthere. Captain John C. Fremont's report todom had intimated that the "Mormons"would Congress of his expeditions to California was

be welcome on Vancouver Island, for antiin possession of the Nauvoo expatriates, and"Mormon"prejudice had not yet reached gave greatest help. The temple group studied

in the British developmentmuch Isles, and it. Especially the of accompanying was map

interested in colonizing was muchJohn Bull interest. Faulty was, it is remarkable as it howhis many vacant lands. In his possessions were well the main geographical points are located.people of all colors, faiths, and practices. He

was not afraid of "Mormons."1U[ore and more the Salt Lake valley seemed

Several of the brethren pointed to Texas, best for the great venture. It was off the '"with its vast unoccupied lands, its fertile soils, Oregon Trail, which turned north near Fort M

and easy climate. Some of them had visited Bridger towards the Snake and Columbia

the new state and were full of enthusiasm rivers. The Salt Lake valley was held to be

for it. It was easy to reach. The problems of part of a great desert. Homeseekers would

moving a city full of people, twenty thousand pass it by for the fertile, wellwatered coastof them, were more easily solved there than lands. Fremont's careful day by day reports

anywhere else. spoke rather well of the country immediately

HThen there was the Far West. No one really aroundmigration,the theGreatSaltSaltLakeLake.regionOnwouldthe westwardat least

knew much about it. Certain it was that be inspected.

there of land in plenty the was and West, doubt, of course, There about some was the V settle that it there to would be possible far value parts of of the Several some West.

from disturbing neighbors. But, at best, to maps of the Far West, based on existing data,

take thousands of people there seemed hazhad been published, such as the Bonneville ardous. map of 1837; the Chapin map of 1839; the

Nevertheless, the Prophet Joseph Smith Robert Greenhow map of 1840; and the J.

had said that the time would come that the Calvin map of 1 843. All these showed a vast

Latterday Saints would be driven to the area west of the Rocky Mountains, usually

Rocky Mountains, and would build cities including the Salt Lake region, as a "great there. The Rocky Mountains were in the desert"or "great sandy plain."At best, it

West! The flame of faith in the hearts of the was not an inviting place to go. At best, there

men in the Nauvoo Temple room rose higher. might lurk in any settlement dangers that the

The die was cast. The people would settle transient trapper, or casual traveler had not

in the West. The Lord of hosts would help properly appraised.

them find the place. In the temple room, and of course in the

Having made the decision and won the aphomes of the people, the West and the existproval of the people, they set about as intelliing knowledge of it, were discussed, and no gent and reasonable groups to learn all about doubt argued.

the Far West. Sometime before, an expediThe notable matter is, however, that, after

tion to explore the West had been proposed, earnest consideration and prayer, the decibut the chaotic conditions of the times had sion had been reached, to move as a body delayed the consummation of that plan, and westward; the leaders and the people sought

now the day of departure was forced upon out all available knowledge concerning the them earlier than expected. Great West, and discussed even such items

There was, of course, some fairly dependas irrigation, which the explorers had not able, though very general knowledge of the mentioned, or discussed very casually.

West. For at least a quarter of a century trapThis would be the natural, intelligent appers had been there. British, French, and proach to so great a venture. Knowledge

Americans had been among them. Smith, would help frustrate many chances of defeat.

Ogden, Bridger, and others were familiar The procedure to learn as much as possible names around American firesides. These men {Continued on page 60)

JANUARY 1947 IN THE HOLE ROCK Beginning a Stirring New Serial

i5u Alnna Jinnee iKedd

Old shook their men heads peered from where they're having the conference and their doorways.—operate it to Parowan, and Parowan operated it to my sister Ellen

down here, and she sent me off to "Shame on you, Henry,"Elsie spread the news!"

Chapter I Nielson said angrily. "Coming here Relishing the silence that fell at

just to scare a bunch of women. See his words, Henry watched the five

eseret News! Deseret telewhat you have done to Mary and women in the doorway, and wongraph News!"Sister Jones!"dered which one would faint. It

The cry, snatched away "I didn't come to scare them,"wouldn't be Mary or her sister Julia, they were too young. It could beuDby a gust of wind, left a stillness that Henry said earnestly. "It's true,

was broken only by the staccato of what I said, Miz Nielson. Every Mrs. Arabella Smith, because she

swiftly running feet. word is true!"was going to have a baby and was

Mary Jones ran to the door and "Henry,"Sage Treharne imawful white. But more likely it would

opened it. In the street, women and plored, "tell us how you know."be one of the older women, Miz

children were hurrying after the There was no doubt in her eyes, Jones, or Miz Nielson. And even

racing news crier. Old men shook no hysteria in her voice, but she that didn't seem too promising, so

their heads and peered from their sounded old, and very, very tired. he might just as well be off down

the street startin'more excitement.doorways to see where the boy was "It's—it's a new mission, Sister

going, anxious to learn the import of Jones,"Henry repeated, proud of He jumped backward down the his news. Behind Mary, four other the sensation he was causing. "Presstep and turned to run. Then he saw

the that crowd in the had gathered the ident waited, from knowingwomen he—my sister at dooryard, once and the he became Ellen, that crier's voice Johnshe—"Taylor,tone of the young

the news was not good. And with Unable to stand his stuttering annewsterrible.crier again, important and

tick of theevery clock, they conjured other slapped second, Treharne Sage "It's a new mission,"he shouted, terror. pioneera for new his astonished his cheek, waited

"It's Henry Lunt!"Mary cried. mouth to'close, and then said soothpointing his finger, and jumping tostiff-legged. them, ward "To the"It's operator's the telegraph brothingly: tell us."Henry, "Now, Indians. murderin'scalpin* InThe

er, here!"he's coming and at the indignity of being Shocked dians!"

forleaned Treharne Jones Sage his mother, not slapped by someone raced, he Then crying, away the other anxiously, and womward sulkily. his stood ground His Henry "Deseret Deseret telegraph News! said, close. she "Yes,"en crowded black, bristled closecut hair above News!"

frail old, thewaiting, against and his his black straight eyes eyeand followed him. crowd And the he's sun, "yes, comingafternoon all his In years twelve of brows.

here."And almost before the boy growing up on the frontier, he had HToo dazed for speech, Sage Trereached the sandstone step of her never looked so much like a young harne sank down on a treasured,

house, she had him by the coat collar, Indian. spindlelegged old chest that stood

pleading, "Young Henry, what have "I told you once,"he said. "Can't by the door. She gripped the metal

you come to tell?"you understand?"buttons on her basque and let the

"It's a new mission, Sister Jones,"'Yes, Henry,"Sage said patienttears fall quietly.,.'

Henry Lunt cried. "Another new ly, "I understand. I only want you "Kumen's dream,"she muttered.

mission! son, Kumen, to tell us how you know that we have "My son's dream...."Un—un—your

was the first one called!"been called. Who brought the "Yes,"Mary said, staring inMary screamed. Her mother and word?"credulously at her motherin-law,

the four other women pressed "President Taylor's secretary sent sitting there on her precious chest as against her, and Mary clung to them it,"Henry explained. "He had the if it were a common, homemade

for support. telegraph operator in St. George chair. "Yes, Mother Jones,"she re16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

watched Mary standing there, beand there was a stir in the air—not

wildered and frightened, and it just because it was spring, but bebrought back the pain and sadness cause there was to be a conference in of her own pioneer years. Two small St. George, a small, pioneer town

graves on a lonely plain... a long, sixty miles away. Conference at any

tired line of handcarts, slowly, slowtime of the year was an event in ly moving on. Time and peace had Utah, but after the idleness and the

dulled these memories, but would isolation of the long winters, it was never efface them. If only she could not only an event, it was also a festishield Mary from what lay ahead! val, a fervent, religious pageant that

This call would change her life as held the scattered communities tosurely as an undercurrent changes gether and strengthened their faith.

the course of a river. There would But the spring of 1879 had come

be no new home for Mary, now, no too early to permit of the usual mass quiet, tranquil days. They would migration, and only the men were

finish this pretty quilt and put it planning to go. The roads were

away, just as they would put away little more 'than wheel tracks in the their finished dreams. mud, or scratches on the lava rocks.

"Come on and quilt, Mary,"she Vehicles were scarce and had to be said tenderly. "You can do no good, used sparingly, so the young men

standing there."rode their horses, leaving the few

Mary went over to the quilt, light buggies and wagons for the threaded a needle, tied a knot in the use of the Church leaders.

end of the thread, bit it off, and tied In the brittle darkness before the another. Three times they watched

15, the of March dawn young men her tie as many knots and as many of to leave ready Cedar City were times bite them off. Then Sage for the conference. Muffled against

Treharne unlocked her cramped the cold, their pockets stuffed witk fingers and went to Mary's side at packets of yarrow and sage, hanks the quilt. of wool yarn, and packets of seeds,

"No Redskin is going to stop me they gathered, fifty of them, to lead from making a quilt,"she scolded, the procession of buggies and wagtaking the needle from Mary's aimons that carried the Church leaders.

less hand. "And,"she laughed Frost clung to their beards and

shakily, "no newfangled telegraph crisped their breaths. The breeze

messages, either."that came with the morning light was

peated, "I know what you mean. I Puckering her face at the unwillfragrant with the smell of sap and

didn't believe you when you said ingness of her rheumatic joints, she {Continued on page 57) that Kumen's dream would come began to quilt. "Thread yourself a

true, but now I know that it will. new needle, Mary,"she said. "And

Kumen has known that it would. don't bite the thread; it wears your

He's been waiting for more than a teeth down."

year."Mary watched Sage Treharne's

There was dull misery in Mary's needle as it flashed in the last cold young voice, and questioning, rebelrays of the afternoon sun, then she lious pain in her heart. She turned threaded another needle, placed the

to her own mother and said brokenpoint on the marked pattern and stitch....ly, "Mother, what can we do—whattook a slow careful

ever can we do?"

"We will just go on,"Elsie Niel- T ocked in the ice and cold of the son answered, taking her daughter's long winter of 1 879, Cedar City hand. "Whatever comes, will be met had lain for months in snow that

somehow. Right now we have a quilt clung in frozen banks to the low,

to finish."adobe houses and around the roots

"Yes, we had best get on with it,"of the cottonwood trees that fringed

Mary said, but she made no move to the sidewalks and the creeks. Rows

do so. Her eyes stared after the racof furrowed earth stood starkly out

ing news crier. And when his voice of the snow patches in the nearby

was no longer a part of the March fields. Cattle shivered on the river

wind, she closed the door and stood banks, or stood huddled together unagainst it. der sheds and hungry barns. WomSerge Treharne

in Elsie Nielson went over to the en and children and the old men wonder.looked atThereMarywere

quilt and patted it absently, almost stayed indoors by the roaring log times when she as if it were Mary, herself. There fires in their open hearths. couldson hadsee whymarriedher

was a faraway look in her eyes. She Then, suddenly, it was spring, sothismuchDanishvitality.girl of

JANUARY 1947 17

a tVke JOSEPH SMITH MONUMENT

the spring of 1894, the quiet litfeet long from which the main shaft

Intle community of South Royalof the monument was cut and ton, nestling in a right hand worked to completion. It is one of

pocket of the beautiful White River the finest [and perhaps the tallest] valley electrified shaft of polished granite ever of Vermont, was the into advent its midst to be erected. of a western by l\oviaito,f single old of thegentleman school—courteous, kind, courageous, enterpris- "Mot until the summer of 1 905 was

ing, educated Junius F. Wells. He the great stone ready to leave

called beenhad the Authorities by of the to By portationthe granitetoshedsRoyalton.of BarreIt forrequiredtranserect Church a monument

theat birthplace type the genius of Wells'of the Prophet of a man JoJUDGE A. G. WHITHAM

for theseph Smith. to arrange experience This and a mission dear was

to his heart, and when your heart is transportation of such a large, heavy in something you wish to do, you do stone. The elevation at the railway

it with all your to might make it success. a n 7V news ITEM recently appeared stationlevel, andis sixthehundredelevationfeetwhereabove seathe That he Wells; Junius was

to stand atop Dairywas indefatigable in finding just Reeder,"in Jr.,this presidentpaper that ofWilliamthe NewH. monument was

what he wanted to make his life's England Mission of the Church of Hill was nine hundred feet. The

project a success. He did it. Jesus Christ, Latterday Saints of approach was up a rather steep,

At first there was some stir of opAmerica, had effected purchase of the and not too good, dirt highway. The

the Lottie Salter premises on J. bridge of question the little woodenposition in Vermont, it became when for road, Chelsea Royalton, South

first the a across branch of the Whiteknown what had Junius Wells come religious the of center mission and to do. Some regarded it as a slur on Great Salt Lake Church, sometimes River at South Royalton was overthe community. They did not favor called the 'Mormon'Church of Utah. come in true western style by the

having such a monument erected in "The foregoing article was preenergetic Wells. He got permission

pared A. G. Whitham, by who Judge authorities to shore up from the town butVermont, long no one could ento the referred at time was a a tresbridge. law the This by was done feelingstertain hard where Junius office of in the Tarbell and graduate

Wells was concerned. He won the Whitham. He is now advanced in tle built under the floor. It was an

esteem and outright affection of years, but remembers well his assoold covered bridge so some of the everyone he approached. Children ciation with Junius Wells in helping overhead cross timbers had to be retitles for details to clear arrange and to allow passage for some of moved theon to school would way watch enterprise. the of Judge Whitham stones. large base for him, Wells, Junius run to meet still for the holds high regard very a

glad to be spoken to by him. The reElder Wells.—/. D."The matter of motive power to

markable thing was that he seldom—Vermont newspaper, Vol. LXXI move such a heavy weight over the

of September 27, 1945. But like all the other problems, that—heforgotknewthe namethemofall.anyThechildboyshe metas HeraldNo. 52—3749; White River Valley then dirt road was a big problem.

well as the girls were welcomed by too was overcome by the ambitious their own first names. It also had to Wells. Eight horses, then twelve,

be admitted that Vermont really was ton and Sharon had been changed were hitched to the great wagon the original starting point of this remore than once by various surveys brought for the purpose. The wagon

ligion that had grown and blossomed made at intervals. The town line as wheels had tires twenty inches wide,

in the Salt Lake valley to such vast finally established runs outside the and the axles were eight inches in proportions. Their second great foundations of the old house, close diameter. Finally twentytwo horses

leader, Brigham Young, came from to the old cellar wall which remained had to be used. Eventually a block

the little town of Whitingham down standing. The site of the monument and tackle or windlass arrangement

in the southern part of Vermont. was determined to be just over the had to be resorted to before that imThe old farmhouse wherein Jotown line in Sharon. mense load was finally carried to the

seph Smith first saw the light of day It took Junius some little time to top of Dairy Hill.

was located on Dairy Hill. Throughfind what he wanted in the way of a Some of the way a gang of young

out the spring, Junius, his horse stone for the monument. He was men were kept busy from morning to

"Old George,"and the top buggy looking for a piece of granite large night laying hardwood planks for were a familiar sight as he drove enough to cut to proper form and be the big tires to run on so that they back and forth from his hotel to thirtyeight and onehalf feet long wouldn't sink into the soft road. It

Dairy Hill and vicinity. He had a a foot for each year of the Prophet's was a red letter occasion when that

busy time looking up land titles and life. It is symbolical, perhaps, that procession of a great wagon with a

boundaries. When Joseph Smith the big stone was finally located on twentytwo horse team began its trek

was born, the farmhouse was located the quarry ground of the farfamed down the main road. People came

in Sharon, but it was later discovered Marr and Gordon quarry, Barre, from long distances to witness it.

that the boundary between RoyalVermont. It was a stone fortysix ( Continued on page 55

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW YEAR

Lelebirationsti IN PIONEER TIMES

Dm (L.. Lecii /e/cLjai/in

TheusheredNew inYearby thewas pioneersalways sembledfor the inblessingsa large roomof heavenand prayedupon OF THE CHURCHOFFICEHISTORIAN'S amid a whirl of social functions. their intended exodus from the city

The precedent had been established and their migration to the far west.

in Nauvoo and was faithfully carElder Heber C. Kimball offered and Heber C. Kimball ordaining him

ried out almost every year after the the New Year's benediction, exPatriarch to the Church.

exodus from that city. In Nauvoo, pressing thanks for the privilege of Though public entertainment was

many house parties were held receiving the blessing of the Lord's limited that season, the spirit of festhroughout the city as the New Year house, and a wish for the blessings tivity was not entirely absent. "The

was welcomed by the Saints. of heaven to attend them during young people are getting married by

The last New Year's party Joseph their journey westward. wholesale this cold weather,"deSmith celebrated was a festive occaIn most of the "Mormon"settleclared the journal of John L. Smith.

sion never to be forgotten by the ments along the Iowa trail, the his- "I think there was a wedding every many friends who were privileged to toric year of 1847 was ushered in night from Christmas to New Year's, share the hospitality of the Mansion amid the boom of cannon, the sparkle and one evening three couples were

House. On such occasions he often of merry laughter, and the sound of married."

entertained one hundred couples in dancing feet.

s soon as schoolhouses or chapelsthe hotel where his family resided. A A few pioneer journals reveal A

platform was erected where the muhow the pioneers celebrated the first could be erected, the New Year sicians were seated. After the guests New Year they witnessed in the Salt was celebrated by song and sermon,

had been entertained by feasting, Lake valley. "Life was as sweet here much like the usual Sabbath meetmusic, toasts, and friendly conversaand the holidays as merry,"wrote ing. Such a worship service was held

tion, the long tables were removed. Parley P. Pratt, "as in the Christian in the new schoolhouse in the Fourand the cotillion band played for palaces and mansions of those who teenth Ward on New Year's Day,

hours as the many guests found rehad driven us to the mountains.* 1851. Two preaching services were

laxation and friendship in the dance. "We have now entered upon anheld at which the following brethren

The party continued through the other year,"wrote Isaac C. Haight. preached to a large audience; Parley

night, and the guests returned to "The Saints have had many trials P. Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, Wiltheir homes in the early dawn. the past year, including much jourlard Richards, W. W. Phelps, and

Murdock. fatigue. neying led John and has Lord The of the year 1846 dawned When the party a large day, During was of the Saints the many from away there in Saints the Nauvoo, upon in given the House.""Bath The bath into Gentiles land."a goodly its celebrating parties housewere no parties feahouse a popular became

arrival. No dancing party convened A public meeting was called in ture of the New Year festivities.

in the Mansion House; the customthe old fort at the dawn of the New During some holiday seasons the

ary tokens of festivity were absent; Year, at which regulations were money received was given to the

in most homes the lights were extindrawn up to govern the pioneers unwives of the missionaries who were guished before the midnight hour artil the Mexican War should be in foreign lands.

rived. But in the temple on the hill, terminated, and the pioneers should As the New Year dawned in 1 853,

the lights burned until dawn, as the know "what hands we shall fall inthere was music in the air. The Nauendowment was administered to to."voo brass band in two carriages, and

many during the night. The Saints There is no mention of any special Captain Ballo's band on foot, serwere planning for a secret exodus festivities at the dawn of 1849. On enaded the homes of the prominent

from their beautiful city, and they that day, however, President Brigcitizens. The members of the Quospent the festive season in prayer ham Young, Heber C. Kimball, and rum of the Twelve, except Orson

and worship. At the close of the Jedediah M. Grant called upon FaPratt who was absent on a mission,

services of the day, the multitude asther John Smith, Brigham Young, (Concluded on page 47

JANUARY 1947 19 jEttnuiuma By MARY BRENTNALL

not to I promised do? Through

varied have the wordsDearTheBob:other night your rather whichthe years

laughing allusion to ".smooch- "spooning,""necking,""wooing,"

ing"started me on a long thinking "smooching"—I remember all those.

trail. The word itself arrested me. I Before you read this, someone may

thought of the odd meaning of such have "dreamed up"another. None

terms; then of the nature of human of these are "pretty"terms. None of

emotions and human thinking; then, them seems to mean much—though it

somehow, of principles and the difdoesn't take much imagination to get ficulties we sometimes meet when we the idea of "necking"and "wooing."

try to sort our ideas of right and From my standpoint, the reason they wrong. Finally, I thought of the are not pretty is that the whole idea

complex problems which may arise is not pretty. Affection and its varibetween a young man and woman ous manifestations are usually beauwhen they are extremely fond of one tiful, but there is something about all

another, yet each unsure, not only this which falls short—emotionally,

of the other's feelings, but even of aesthetically, and intellectually.

his own. I wanted to sit down with There is something about it that

you and talk it over. I wanted to makes a halfhumorous, halfcon-

find out what you were thinking and temptuous title, thoroughly fitting.

why, but, even more, I wanted to be Anything which has this connotation fun. Conversely, the older we get,

sure what I was thinking and why. must change its name frequently. the more intrusive becomes the fuSo I waited. Then the other day The Humor and contempt are both largeture. Prophets, who look far beyond

Improvement Era editors handed me ly dependent upon change and novtheir generations are old men—if not

a letter from a young girl. It stated elty for their power. in years, then always in spiritual invery directly and simply that she, sight. The girl who wrote the letter,

personally, saw no harm at all in ThVen though the terms are new, the though young, is growing up, and "smooching,"but that her mother idea is old. It is probable that the thought of next year is beginning

had told her that to give her boy nearly every hum#n being has into occur to her. The most telling spot

friends a goodnight kiss was the dulged to some degree—even if only in her mother's warning, however,surest way to lose them—and quickby thinking about it—which, you was the word, "quickly."She underly must agree, might be quite an instood that best. It is when we begin

\,"If that is true,"she asks in her dulgence. Caresses, in the main, are weighing the values of the immediate

letter, "why is it true?"pleasant things. Holding hands with with the future that we get into the

This letter seemed to be nearer the right girl or boy has considerable realm of problems.

my own territory. Being a woman, I satisfaction attached to it. And it is If I read this mother's remark

could understand both the girl and good for all of us to know this feeling rightly, she understands this young her mother a little better, I felt, than of admiration, of love, of affection daughter well. She knows that the

I could be sure of understanding both given and received. girl needs to start thinking instead of

you. I don't want to interpret your If it is all so pleasant and agreemerely responding. The daughter

thinking. I might read into it someable, then why the problem? Anyhad evidently accepted, at least to

thing completely foreign to an eightthing, we are told, becomes a probsome degree, the truthfulness of her eenyear-old boy's mind. So I delem when there is mental conflict mother's remark. Yet it puzzled her,

cided to write my own ideas, and in when decision and judgment are inand she was not quite ready to sit so doing, hope to clarify them for volved. For the thoughtful, and I down with her mother and find out

myself as well as for you. I want to know that underneath your fun, you why she spoke as she did. The

tell you what I think was in the girl's are thoughtful, Bob—there is bound daughter wanted to be fortified by

mind and, perhaps, in her mother's. to be a question as to the wisdom of someone else's opinion first. It would

If it all means anything to you when it all. No one wants to be stiff or help her if we could find a satisfac-

I get through, perhaps, sometime, "Victorian,"but you cannot fail to tory answer. Perhaps an answer lies

you will feel like telling me what you wonder what there is in it for you. in weighing the immediate view with

think. I hope you will. If I interpret the very frank letter the long view.

To get back to the expression, from the girl rightly, she is very This is the immediate view. Pro-

"smooching."I don't like that word. than her years. vided, of course, that a girl and boy young—younger

And yet I could see that you thought The younger we are, the more imlike each other very much, an expresit very gay and amusing—or am I portant the immediate seems to us sion of affection may be very pleasdoing some of the "interpreting"the hour's pleasure, the moment's (Continued on page 56)

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \\SCOUTS OF THE WORLD

i) iSuiildina for Jcomowow

special sunrise couts of the World—BuildBy ROCK M. KIRKHAM the camp will be a

for the thirtyseventh BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA be held on Donner Hill, located one"S ingthemefor Tomorrow,"is the NATIONAL DIRECTOR, L.D.S. CHURCH SERVICE rendezvous for only Senior Scouts to

anniversary celebration of the Boy mile from the Centennial Camp.

Scouts of America. Yes, it is more The scoutmaster or unit leader

than that; it is a statement of hope will be the executive officer of the

and faith in the future that can fire unit, assisted by two assistants, and the imagination of every Scout and junior leadership.

Scouter to see his relationship in a Featured in the program will be growing world citizenship through many events noteworthy of the centhe world brotherhood of scouting. tennial and scouting: A gigantic

The First Presidency of the campfire flavored with outstanding

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday stunts; scouting calvacade pageant;

Saints has approved February 2, centennial Scouts on parade through 1947, as Scout Sunday throughout the streets of Salt Lake City with the Church to open Boy Scout week. thirty bands; a tabernacle program

The Sunday evening service will be featuring the worldfamed organ devoted to a special scouting proand presentation of Church, regiongram with uniformed Scouts, Senior al, and national Scout leaders; two

Scouts, and their leaders, participatwill be released through local gigantic centennial evening parades ing in the program. Scout leaders council offices. All units coming to depicting the history and developwill cooperate with the bishops of the encampment must register their ment of Utah and the West; particitheir wards in making arrangements members by May 15, 1947. Applicapation in the "This Is The Place"

to recognize properly the Boy Scout tions should be forwarded to their monument dedication; plus many

program as part of the Young Men's local Scout offices and then to the centennial features and scouting acMutual Improvement Association Pioneer Centennial Scout Camp tivities.

program in the Church. headquarters at 50 North Main

The theme to be inaugurated durStreet, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. A rPHE Sixth World Jamboree will be

ing Scout week will give color to the registration fee of five dollars a held August 1947, in France, on major activities of the scouting proScout or Senior Scout should accom- a large estate at Moisson on the Rivgram throughout the entire year, pany the application. er Seine, sixty miles from Paris. The

is Association now French Jamboree Scout Pioneer Centennial thewith Senior Scout Camp and its in preparaof program well along the Sixth and World JamboreeCamp Rendezvous this is planning tion world and in events dramatic climaxing theas world Scouting. There are 4,413,- special area will be provided for brotherhood encampment of some

foreign and French Scouts139 Scouts and Scouters around A a separate Senior Scout Camp so 40,000 the world; those primarily from that they can demonstrate the three and leaders. Full particulars will be

the western states will gather in Salt phases of the program and mingle released through local council ofLake City next July 21, 1947, for a and work with other young men of fices.

fiveday demonstration of the values like interests. An unusual feature of As scouting "Builds for Tomorof the scouting program. They will row,"we must build on good solid

camp on the Fort Douglas reservafoundations.

tion. This encampment will climax The sun never sets on the Boy

a year's activity and advancement of Scout or on his "good turn"and his ( Concluded on page 51) scouting in the Church. Full details

—Illustrated by Nelson White

JANUARY 1947 21 itanms OF THE WEST

06&&W il'l. SherwoodFromcame athecallChurchfor JaneAuthoritiesWalton's &

son, Charles, to join with about a dozen families, all to leave their must come since they were deter- a dire situation were cured by praycomfortable homes in Bluff, and mined to accompany Charles to the er. This, then, was the new life into

make an entirely new settlement in Blue Mountain region. which Jane Walton and those who

the Blue Mountain region, now accompanied her were plunged.

known as Monticello, Utah. To issue 'T'he difficulties of this new settleTo overcome scant rainfall, the

such a call to Jane's son, was ment were manifold. Because of men settlers went on ahead in the

equivalent to commanding Jane to go scant rainfall, dry farming must be fall of 1886, to build irrigation also, for Charles was under twenty, practised. The altitude of over seven ditches from the mountains to the

and her mother love would never thousand feet caused early frosts. farming land, living in tents while

permit her to see him start for the Water for household use was diffidoing this. In the spring, when the

wilderness alone. cult to obtain. Likewise there were snow melted on the mountains, water

Looking backward over her life, it Indians, but since Brigham Young would flow into these ditches, giving seemed to Jane as if change after had taught his people that it was betmoisture for their crops. Once these

change had occurred. First, when ter to feed the Indians than to fight ditches were completed, and their

she was a tiny child living in Scotthem, the new settlers hoped to overland ploughed, the men returned to land, her mother, on becoming concome hostility by kindness and foodBluff for the winter months. But

verted by a "Mormon''missionary stuffs. Furthermore, another danger early spring found them bringing

to his faith, determined to journey to loomed as the greatest of all. their families, erecting log cabins,

the United States to join the Church Throughout the country were enorand planting their crops. All, men

group there. Shortly after her arrivmous cattle ranches, on which many and women alike, toiled to make

al, the "Mormons"decided to leave of the cow hands were fugitives these crops plentiful.

Illinois, where they were persecuted from justice, both wild and brutal and unwanted, and search for a new in their ways. These cowboys re- '"Time passed, and summer came.

place in which to live. Their hope sented any town settlement, as they One day as Jane was hoeing

was to find a place where they would desired to hold the entire valley for beans, she was startled to find a be able to worship God according to grazing land. Therefore, they came young Indian, Posey by name, standthe dictates of their consciences.Then often to the settlement, firing their ing near. Posey didn't bear a very

it was that the journey was made to revolvers at the feet of the new argood reputation, and Jane was alone.

rivals to make them dance, shooting "Me hungry,"ejaculated Posey,the Salt Lake valley—a desert wilderness. Little Jane, though barely at the bell in the schoolhouse with "Well,"parried Jane, "if you will

six years old, trudged at her mothschool in session, venturing always wait until I finish hoeing this row of er's side the entire distance, since the as near murder as they dared. beans, I will go into the house and

wagons were too full of household There were no doctors, nurses, or get you some food.""Me hungry

goods and the provisions for her to hospital. If someone broke a bone, now,"reiterated Posey sharply.

ride. On this journey of some one of their number, Edward Hyde "Well,"argued Jane, "if you will

months, filled with hardship and by name, though untrained, set it as finish hoeing this row, Posey, I will privation, Jane learned her first lesbest he could. If someone fell ill, the go at once.""Me no hoe, and me

sons in courage and endurance. elders anointed him with oil, laid on hungry now,"bellowed Posey savAgain on reaching the valley, hands, and offered prayer. There agely; pointing his gun at Jane,

there were many difficult experiences was one digression from this Spartan he swore a volley of terrible oaths.

which further inured Jane to hardattitude, and one only. A woman The insolence and profanity thorship and rounded out her character. was sent from Salt Lake City to train oughly angered Jane, who, without

She remained at Salt Lake City until one of their number as a midwife. a thought of consequences, raised her

she married, when once again migraYet they had supreme comfort in all hoe and hit Posey over the head. He

tion was in order. She and her hustheir tribulations through their prodropped to the ground unconscious.

band were counseled by the Church found belief in God and the power Here was a dilemma! Jane wondered

Authorities, first to settle Woodruff, of prayer. In reading accounts of if Posey were dead, but anxious

then Bluff. They ever were obedient early Utah experiences, one finds though she was, she kept on with her

to counsel. Now another change that many human ailments and many {Concluded on page 54)

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SHE SHALL LIVE oes God honor the promises of Mlvlvi *Jj. cJja &J 9 D his authorized servants?

It littlewas settlementa beautifulofsummerMountdayPleasant,in the oldfather.and who also liked to follow her thoroughly,Staker, but Iandhavesheexaminedis dead,"yoursaid Elderbaby

Utah. The year was 1862, and the After his noonday meal and chores, Hyde, "and it isn't pleasing in the sight

little group of Pioneers had been there Nathan went back to his work in the of the Lord that we should try to bring but three short years. Already the place orchard. He did not notice that little back our dead after he has called them

had been greatly changed. The sageEliza Jane had followed him. Perhaps home."

brush and the sandstone boulders had she was just a minute or two behind Nathan was quite disturbed by this been cleared away, and many log homes him. statement and answered, "Elder Hyde,

had been built. Fast growing poplar Eliza soon missed her baby and be- I have always tried to bow to the will

trees were beginning to bring some gan to look for her. The little girl was of the Lord in all things, and am willing

shade to the walks along the broad wellnot around the house or garden, so Eliza to now, but one thing troubles me very laidout streets. Every home had its called to her husband. The baby was much. Soon after our little girl was

vegetable garden, and many had young not with him, and he hadn't seen her; born a year and a half ago, we took her

apple orchards. It had taken hard toil it was very unusual for her to be lost, to Bishop Seeley to give her a blessing

to subdue this little semidesert part of so he went to help look for her. They and a name. I gave her that blessing

the earth with the very limited number made a search of their premises but myself, and I distinctly remember that of implements and tools these Pioneers didn't find her. They went to their I promised her that she should grow to

had been able to bring across the plains neighbor's, and soon the whole neighwomanhood and become a mother in with them or had obtained later. borhood joined in the search without Israel. I sincerely believe that such

Just one and a half blocks north of success. Then someone thought of the promises made by the authority of the the partly built rock fort, which had irrigation ditch. Brother Staker hurried priesthood will be fulfilled, but now—

taken so much hard labor to build, lived through the garden gate to the little he broke off and gestured helplessly.

Nathan Staker and his wife, Eliza. Befootbridge and followed the ditch down "In that case,"Brother Hyde anfore two "Mormon"missionaries found to the lower end of the orchard. There, swered, "I will ask God to restore your

him, he had been a Methodist minister, floating in the water, and lodged against little girl to life again, and if that promthe recognized but he the of voice which rethe Wilcox Henry dam spirit of faith and the had ise was made in it. stored gospel his garden, and obeyed the water to had to divert He made to live shall again righteousness, she

come as a widower with a large family he found the motionless body of his fulfil it."

from Ontario, Canada. baby girl. He lifted her quickly out of The exact words that Orson Hyde

Eliza Staker, who had been Eliza the water and hurried to the house. uttered in his administration to little

Burton, had heard and accepted the Nathan, his wife, and the neighbors Eliza Staker at that time are not regospel with her husband, Joseph Burused every method known to them to corded or remembered, but he called ton, in Yorkshire, England, and promrevive little Eliza Jane, but failed. her back to life, and she came. The

ised him on his deathbed that she would During the excitement some of the next day she was playing with her little bring their two young children to Zion. group had seen a whitetopped buggy homemade toys again, toys which by

In spite of all the opposition of her go by. There was only one carriage comparison with those of today would

prosperous English family, she had like that in the county, and everyone seem crude, but which were very dear kept that promise. In addition to a hard knew it belonged to Apostle Orson to her.

sea children voyage, her she as Elder and Hyde, commonly known sufHyde, beand did live to womanhood, She fered of five the the trials handcart Martin miles in City, to lived Spring who Eli A. mother! She married a request,company. a came Nathan's the south. At

Nathan and Eliza had met at Pleasant neighbor went on horseback to overDay, a young schoolteacher who had

Grove, Utah, and married in 1857. In take him and ask him to return and adbeen chosen in those days of comto (the 70's) planning go to munitythe the spring return, they with of 1 859, child. his to moved the minister On study, to of Deseret University and settlers original their to build the the humble through slowly walked Elder Hyde

in teaching of methods introduce new in Pleasant. little loghome the Mount to tworoom home garden

and past tearstained faces to where he the Mount Pleasant school. To them

of children, ten thirteen born this pleasant in 1862, summer day/\n little Eliza. were the of body shown was

are all survive today and who whom his with working had been Nathan adminif he asked would him Nathan young apple trees. He had planted an ister to his little girl and call her back active in the Church. Eli A. Day died

eightyin at the age of 1943, November fine varieties that ofacre them, many life. to

still is Staker seven, Eliza but Jane Day his childrenv/ere to to a delight and be the little examined body Orson Hyde in eightysixth year. She alive her andhis grandchildren. Fouryear-old James detect in could silence. no pulse, He lives she and at Utah, Fairview, where in his liked father to the help garden heart. tiny of the body beat The and no 1886. their in her husband home made his orchard, objected butand mother cold. getting was

to his playing in the orchard because The fourth generation of Eliza Jane little girl in the Staker Day's family is becoming nuof the irrigation ditch which ran through "How long was the it just beyond the garden gate. He had water?"he asked. merous; she now has fiftytwo living

come in wet more than once from falling Brother Staker examined his watch. greatgrandchildren. This aged lady has

into it. Eliza kept a close watch to see "It's just about an hour since I went to answered well to the sacred promise

that this garden gate was always fasthe orchard, and I suppose she followed made to her by her pioneer father. She

tened because of her toddling little Eliza me. has lived a long life of love, devotion,

Jane, who was only eighteen months "I am very sorry, Brother and Sister and selfdenial.

JANUARY 1947 23 pate &m

T Teard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt * Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a. m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a. m. Pacific Time.

\-Jn Lauina (L-vll bu rti r\lakt r(ame <=Jjevotee5 or <dJefamatLamauon

A LL this may have been long ago—and it may not have Tt would seem that there are always among us some who

been just as it now appears to have been—but we seem find pleasure or profit in defaming the character of others.

to have remembered or to have read of a time when the And those who are so inclined don't always confine their demarcation between good and evil was more sharply activities to people they know. They are often disposed to

defined and better understood than it now sometimes seems undermine people they have never known, and to presume to be. Perhaps it was not so at all. Perhaps only distance knowledge they have never had. From such malicious atgives it that appearance. But in those days—call them oldtacks it is often difficult to protect a man's good name while

fashioned, call them puritanical, or call them what you will yet he lives, and often more difficult after he is dead. There

—from this distance it would seem that there was a reasonare those who would represent every deed of nobility and

ably wellmarked borderline, each side of which was known of heroism, every personal sacrifice, every appearance of for what it was. Now all this—if it be true—had its inconrighteousness, and every act of altruism as fraud and

sistencies, to be sure; for perhaps no man is wholly bad hypocrisy. It is true that the motives that make history are

and no man is wholly blameless, and perhaps no line, howoften complex. It is true that there are no perfect men.

ever sharp, can always draw the mark between them. But And it is true that those who focus attention upon imperthis fact must not be ignored: As long as evil appears in fections will always find them. Notwithstanding this, honits true colors, as long as it is known for what it is, and as est and sincere men, living and dead, would seem to be

long as those who tamper with it, do so with their eyes open, entitled to some protection, as to their lives and their the number who touch it will be smaller. A barefaced memories, from the devotees of defamation, who peddle

evil issues its own warning. But evil that is permitted to opinions about things of which they know little and care

hide behind polished fronts and chromium trimmings and less, so long as it is popular or profitable, or serves their glamorous names is more dangerous and more deadly than purpose. Of course, groundless gossip, irresponsible misthe barefaced variety. False things so often like to representation, and cynical assumption cannot change the

masquerade in the appearance of respectability. It gives record of a man's life nor alter the facts of history. Such

them admittance and acceptance in places to which they things do not hurt the past, but they may hurt the present could not otherwise go. And whenever we let a thing of and the future, by destroying faith and discrediting ideals.

evil take on the appearance of respectability, we have adOften, perhaps, those who find malicious pleasure or malivanced its cause immeasurably, because we have then recious purpose in defaming character or in destroying conmoved from it one of its most feared penalties—the penalty fidence, are, in fact, expressing something that lies within

of moral condemnation. Strip from evil its polished fronts, their own souls. Knowing their own lives and motives, it

its deceptive appearance, its false glamor, and paint it in may be that they find it difficult to impute higher motives its true colors, and we shall have less difficulty with a to others. Knowing the purposes they serve, it may be

growing and impressionable generation of young people. that they find it difficult to concede an honest idealism to

But once let it acquire a respectable guise, and it becomes anyone. But whatever the causes and whatever the result,

difficult to distinguish, difficult to discourage. Whatever the commandment "Thou shalt not bear false witness"1 is

else we may do with evil, let's not give it the face of still on the statutes, both as to men and events, and as to respectability. the present and the past.

—November 3, 1946. ] Exodus 20:16—November 17, 1946.

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

affliction, visit fatherless in their the and widows Jn JakinoJhinas sor L/ranUd To himself unspotted the world."keep and to few 1 These from

There are times, no doubt, when all of us are moved words, of course, make no claim to completeness. There

by gratitude, and there are times when all of us beare many things to be done besides; and even James, who

come careless and indifferent to our blessings. A favor wrote them, would and did add more—but the principle is

that someone does for us the first time is almost always here proclaimed that religion is more than doctrine and appreciated. But a favor received a number of times dogma: that it is something to be worked at, not merely

may soon become a matter of commonplace expectancy thought of—-something to be done, not merely talked about

or even a source of disgruntled complaint if it fails to—something to be lived, not merely printed and read or

be repeated or is slow in arriving. Blessings which have spoken and heard. Also here implied is the inconsistency

been showered upon us, often come to be looked upon of trafficking in questionable things on weekdays and sitting as a continuing right. So many things we take for granted in high places on Sundays. This would hardly be religion

health—until we lose it; food—until it is difficult to get; "pure and undefiled"and keeping oneself "unspotted from

life—until it hangs in doubt—and many things besides the world."Whenever we cannot take our Sabbath ethics

but we must not: not the harvest of the year, nor our daily and morals and ideals with us into our weekday business,

bread, nor the comfort of home, nor the love of those who we would do well to look critically at our business. Whenwait there—nor the blessings of God—nor life itself. Nor ever we cannot take our Sunday professions into our everymust we expect to receive without giving, to prosper withday life, we would do well to make some selfexamina-

out working, to inherit without deserving. And so, taking tion. Whenever we cannot take the standards and prinnothing for granted, we voice gratitude for all our blessings, ciples of our religion with us into our social activities, we

naming but a few: We are thankful that men may speak would do well to scrutinize, and perchance to revise, some

their minds; that the right to vote means something; that of the things we are doing. Religion is something to conpublic opinion and moral force are factors in fashioning dition the whole of life—not merely the Sabbath and the

our way of life, and that none are beyond their reach special occasions. And if it does less than this, either there

not even those who may have supposed themselves to be is less in our belief than there should be, or less in our above law or bigger than the welfare of a nation. We practice than our belief deserves. To quote James again in

are grateful for comforts and conveniences, but more closing: "But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers

... but be religious seem to you... If among any man in only. that forgrateful has survived the of freedom measure

In is vain."religion this heart, man's his deceiveth own survived. has not thankful area world where much We

for the promise of the future, and for our conviction that short, however it may be denned, either our religion works it holds no problem too great to be surmounted by thinkin our lives or it doesn't, and if it doesn't, there is something ing, working, reasoning men. For these and all other lacking in it or in us. Assuredly, religion has much to do

blessings we give gratitude to God, our Father, and earnestwith heaven, but assuredly it has also much to do with ly hope we may never take them for granted, for it is exearth.—November 10, 1946.

ceedingly hazardous to abuse or to take for granted any 'James 1:27

right or privilege or blessing. -November 24, 1946. sjames 1:22. 26

Copyright, 1947 f\euaionuaion andam cLlfe

T(Tany definitions have been given of religion.

There is little to be gained by adding to them, but we should like to quote again from one of those most often quoted: "Pure religion

and undefiled before God and the Father is this,

JANUARY 1947 25 Green Hill Far Away <J-Jorothu Llapp

JL Losamay was sitting on the top log of the sawmill wall.

Mostly, it was fun to sit up here, but there was no fun anywhere in the world today, she told herself miserably. To the east the mountains

were piling up blue shadows, and she couldn't see a Green Hill among them no matter how hard she 'magined. If she could find her

Green Hill, she might get shed of this emptiness inside. She might

even know why she heard things instead of playing outside, or why

Ma's mouth was so tight she couldn't talk, or why Pa had to make a living so he couldn't put roofs on houses.

'Course, she could get by if she just knew that Pa would come home again. The emptiness twisted

hard. on down. "Come We're going to Illustrated by "Evans, Jr. }ohn Henrg 'chooses.'play

Below, inside the walls, a circle of playmates was waiting for her to join them. She shook her head. She Drink no liquor, and they eat

had only one choose, and wild But a very little meat horses couldn't drag it out of her.

Eunice looked up and stuck out That told something. She knew

coffee, tea old for the about and "Stuckup."tongue.her Sanpete County, have and Pa would at the "rese'voy"them. She had sister man stuckquit "You calling my been back from Conejos two days liquor 'cept wasn't sure about it was a Lena demanded.up,"was Lena ago.

year older than Rosamay. something Satan put out to snare the

in that was "Then why don't she play with meat—why

eat A he mill was bigger than Saints,the song?but sheus?"Why couldn't

"She likes to think."the two rooms they lived in. Pa had plenty of meat? Goodness knows

"She's stuckup, that's what. Ma snaked the logs from the canyon she didn't get the chance very often.

says it is her fancy name."above Costilla and laid them to the The singing below had changed to

square, there never but a been had

I pretty such had "Oh, a dream. the ache heard, and Rosamay roof. without a roof house was A twisted to see, it about She Mama."harder.twisted was Maybe it into turned good, so her no had Pa

fell cirof a piece into a and the bark well, If her was, Hanname. name cut to for sawmill next the lumber

cle. All eyes to her. turned were playoutnar, she have been might to build; the house going he but was

ing and wouldn't have heard. If she lumber had gone to pay debts; and "Tell us yours now,"Eunice

all through withhadn't heard, she would have bethe jaggedtoothed saw had been called. "We are

lieved Pa when he said he was going traded off. Even the sawdust had songs but yours."

to Conejos for flour. He wouldn't been hauled away to cellars to "Hurry."Eunice was impatient.

"Your crossyour-heartand-hopehe couldn't—but she had heard what smother great blocks of ice.

she had heard. She wiggled, trying Albert's shrill voice broke through todie one,"Jared demanded.

to find a comfortable position on the her dreaming. His "choose"was alThat wasn't fair. Rosamay's lips

log. ways "In Our Lovely."Rosamay went a little like Ma's. She'd never,

She was glad Pa hadn't finished liked it, too. never tell her crossyour-heart song.

this building. Well, she was a little If she did, she would have to tell

bit glad. 'Cause, if he had finished Tea and coffee and tobacco they why, and then they would call her

it, Ma wouldn't be going back to despise, worse than stuckup. Besides, there

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was no way to tell why she liked sleep. If Pa promised a spanking, in, so Rosamay went out to meet

Green Hill Far Away."She didn't they could count on his forgetting, him.

even know the words of it, but most but Ma never forgot. They waited. The moon purposely brightened

of the time the hill was clear as "Should we—should we do our the hill, the road, and the corral just

anything in her mind. Its slopes chores?"to show they were empty. Empty

were smooth and velvety green. She Ma's head came up. "Of course and lonely! Not a sign of man or

looked around. There was Ute do your chores."team! Rosamay was afraid to

Mountain to the south. No-o, it was "Do we have to?"Lena took breathe, for the only sound in the

more blue than green, and the row heart. "Maybe Pa will do them world came from some crickets under

of pines along its skyline looked like when he gets home."the house. As she waited, a dog

giant knitting needles. No. Ute "No."Her voice wasn't natural, howled. She shivered. A dog alMountain was there, and she and she rocked so hard she nearly ways points his nose to the moon

couldn't 'magine about it. It was woke the baby. and howls before a death in the famquarrels in the night and roofless "Can we just close the yard ily. It was Dunn's dog, but still

houses. It was no meat and tight gate?""You did hear him, didn't you?"

lips. "Green Hill Far Away"was "No. Close the coop door, too. I Rosamay jumped. Ma was standdifferent. On a Green Hill thoughts don't want skunks or coyotes getting ing beside her, very stiff and

would come into words, and no one my hens."straight.

would laugh, or call "stuckup"! On Holding hands again they started "Uhhuh. I heard him whistling,

a Green Hill Ma would smile and for the chicken yard. It was fenced and I heard the wagon wheels on the

Pa wouldn't run away from his with willows woven between barbed sand."

family. wire. Once inside they had to feel "I heard him whistling."Each

"Are you asleep?"Jared called. their way, for the high willows kept word stood out by itself, and while

Rosamay started to answer but out the fading light. As Lena closed they waited, the dog howled again.

didn't. This was terrible; she just the coop door, the chickens stirred Suddenly the stiffness went out of

couldn't tell them. sleepily. Ma, and she stumbled back inside.

"Come on down, Rosamay,"Lena When they got back to the rocker Rosamay wanted to say, "Don't came to her rescue. "It's time to do again, Ma had put the baby to bed worry. Pa won't leave us,"but Pa

chores."and was knitting. Rosamay never was hotheaded, and maybe he had

That reminded the others of their got over the wonder of Ma's knitalready left them; and words would

chores. After many words and much ting. Even when she couldn't see her not crowd past the thickness in herlingering they went their way. Only fingers, she could hear the clicking throat. Maybe—maybe he—he

Lena was left. of her needles. Lena went inside to wasn't even alive. Hearing him

"Come on, Slowpoke. Ma will eat her bread and milk, but Rosamay whistling and the dogs howling

give us a spanking if we leave our sat down on the doorstep with her were bad signs.

chores again."elbow on her knee, chin in hand.

Rosamay struggled to her feet. The moon came up over the east In the night Rosamay

She just couldn't leave until there hills, and Ma's needles made an dreamed she could see her Green was some sign of Pa. She looked to awful racket in the silence. Lena Hill, but every time she tried to

the west. There was nothing comblew out the light and went to bed. reach it, the sawmill was in the way.

ing but night. It always sneaked up Sand gathered in Rosamay's eyes, She tried to go through the mill, but

to Warren's hill then dropped, and and Ma forgot to knit. They sat it was dark, and inside someone was

suddenly every hollow and hiding and sat. sobbing. She woke damp with perfilled,place along the creek was and spiration. sat and dozed up with Rosamay

it started climbing of the out bottoms In the morning her dream was is. a start. he I hear him "Thereand reaching for the sawmill. whistling."gone. So was Ma's friendliness, but

"Come like swollen eyes red were and on."Lena stamped her Ma was listening, too; then plainherfeet in anger. in the out wind. She been she had

Rosamay began walking along the er than day they heard Pa whistling banged things right and left, and the sand. of crunch wheels on herselfwall her balancing outand with little he scolded Chris even when

like face gobroke up she Ma's was fell Ifspread arms. she she might fell himself. hurt Rosaand down ing cry. to Instead, spoke. she it if clean a leg, butbreak she made to sawmill, she the but went may

around without slipping, her wish "Start the fire, quick."She couldn't stand to look west to an

would come true. She had said her brushed past Rosamay on her way to empty road, and when she looked

secret prayer, but she might as well the kitchen. east or south all she could see was

try everything. She made it and In a matter of seconds the fire was Ute Mountain.

stopped with her eyes closed to make burning briskly. One thing about By evening Ma was quiet. Rosaher wish. When she opened them Pa, he always had plenty of cedar may could understand a quiet Ma,

again, there was still nothing on the wood chopped. As she worked, for she never talked much, but not

road. Rosamay hummed happily. Shame this kind of quiet. She was glad

W,fhen at last they crept onwhatherhe'dfor said.thinkingMa'sPa facehad lookedmeant whenTheit nextwas timemorningto gosheto bed.sat up in

handin-hand to the kitchen door, just like her wedding picture that bed just as the sun was peeping

Ma didn't seem to know they were was on the organ. The flour mush through the east window. Ma was

there. She had the rocking chair was made, the table set, and everyshaking Lena.

outside and was rocking the baby to thing ready, but still he didn't come {Continued on page 52)

JANUARY 1947 17 HCC065 aewievi IN THE CLASSROOMTeachers have often asked me, "How can I help my students become more religious?"My

answer is always, "By being a re- v->ennt,on ligious person yourself, one who SUPERINTENDENT, SALT LAKE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS thinks, talks, acts, and lives as a religious man, and whose life is an inspiration to youth. Cultivate a

Assignments for groups in the class page need to "come alive"again in friendship with your students so that they find you and the kind of life are noticeably different in quantity our present experience?

and in content, but provide for evyou are living appealing. Stimulate

them to learn more about the relieryone from the weakest to the \A/e must remember how real regious life; help them to be critical of ablest. At the same time, the teacher corded experiences were to those

themselves and to pass judgment on keeps in mind individual needs and who first had them. If you are teachis not teaching your students a beautiful hymn, their mistakes; keep on living with talents to be shared. He

them according to the ideals you ing subject matter but human beings recall the circumstances in the aulife which made him write it. talk about. Make of your classroom whose growth marks his real success. thor's

the your through Push back way in the small a which community is vital in element 'T'here one any historical or story the or record poem learn only subject not matstudents class: Interest! successful The living to the and whose men women live ter learn to effectively also but interest that the teacher able knows actual experiences enhave been with another."one is the students of important most there. shrined they? were Who create ideal such an we may How in learning, that factor he and knows feel? did they look and What How first situation? the In classroom is interest. the secret motivation of their motives? were they did Why place, the role teacher the of assumes is curiosity the of people When as did? they behave learner. stuthe with explores He feel they aroused, de- a need a and ilthis point Perhaps best can be the dents of highways and byways in sire interest learn. to Genuine lustrated to reference certain famby is that the the so goal not problem activities the the leads of classroom iliar material Bible. the from David prepmissed. This thorough means in to disclass active participation his as of slingshot as was enamored the the aration teacher. part of on It cussion. requires teaching genuine rifle. his with any modern His boy a comprehensive must haveHe ability shifting to the follow thoughts grief his the son, of over death Absubject of at theknowledge hand to that of questions ask youth and is salom, as heartbreaking the as interesting information toand much at stimulate the time guide and same grief of lost father any modern who will realcontribute. thinkthen Only interest thinking. and in the a war. try boy Teachers must ing part the the be of on group the But teacher arouse how may to get to the beneath printed pagesstimulated. his interest of the students? hold and living the their and and men women will teachers necesno two While it lies indicated above, of part As richly experiences. human sarily or exactly the say same do in the inspiration the of charm and to picture as they them Try were, princertain inthing the classroom, life. it teacher's the of own Much the Bible as describes and them, with ifciples action the of appear must lies in also the the relevance of suball their qualities. not human Do results attained. todesired are be ject to the matter the of experiences the whitewash or them on one hand, is effective in firm exteacherThe students. the "debunk"them other hand. on ispecting cooperation; he sympathetis present us, with always and The the ate, Describe they clothfood theic in his individof understanding is filled the future uncertainty. with ing wore, they the tents houses orual ability the to problems; has he the escape cannot of necessity We in, lived fields, they flocks their and will students; his thesecure of good dealing in thinking. with both our their the contour its of country, with fair tries in his tohe judgment, be living situation the future and The hills valleys trees. calls and and This privito senses grant heand when are the always concern stuof our for research interested stuwhich toleges withhold them. and when dents. this not the Must make we will dents eagerly share the with

Not only does the skilful teacher starting point and the center of our teachers.

carefully plan his program of activiteaching? Is this not where interest It is not always necessary to "apties but in the planning, as well as in lies? But if we continue to focus our ply"an ancient story to the lives of

the teaching, he also recognizes the attention here, are not the lessons of our students. But it is necessary to

differences in the ability of individuthe past, treasured within the printed bring out its persistent and everals. He realizes that students do not page, likely to be lost to us? Must recurring values.

work at the same rate nor do they we choose the one and forego the The scriptures embody the most achieve equal results, but each inother? Even if the present living illuminating account of man's hopes

dividual makes his contribution, consituation is more intriguing, does it and fears, his struggles and temptafident that his teacher understands not need to be illuminated by past tions, his sins and virtues, his failand is satisfied if he is doing his best. experience? Does not the printed {Concluded on opposite page)

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ormauovitu o LINE OF MARCH 3 By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. that summer day in Auwith Willard Richards to his home,Fromgust 1842, when Joseph Smith where the writing was completed.

prophesied that the Saints The next day the Council of the would go to the Rocky Mountains, Twelve met at Elder Benson's home and there become a mighty people, and decided that the Word and Will as the Word and Will of God. The

Church members began to prepare of the Lord should be laid before the motion was seconded by Isaac Morcouncils of the Church. ley. for that day—first by reading everything available in print, government Saturday, January 16, 1847, a In the manuscript Journal History

and other reports, and by interviewmeeting of the Municipal High of the Church, the clerk of the meeting travelers who had been in the far Council of Winter Quarters was ing recorded the sentiments of those west; then, after the exodus from

Nauvoo, plans went immediately forward to supply the physical needs for the trip.

All this had been done by man guided by prayerful study. The

Saints were now prepared for the next step. This came in a revelation

from the Lord, now known as section 136 of the Doctrine and Covenants.

On Thursday, January 14, 1847,

President Young met with Elders

Heber C. Kimball, Willard Richards, Orson Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, George A. Smith, Ezra T.

Benson, and Captain Hosea Stout, at Elder Kimball's home to discuss the problems of the coming season.—From a painting by Henri Moser

In the afternoon President Young convened. Brigham Young councommenced to give the Word and seled the brethren to get timber and present in a line or two. Typical

Will of God concerning the emigraseason it to be ready for wagon timare these:

tion of the Saints and those who ber one year hence. Winslow Farr said it reminded him of the

would journey with them. At four Dr. Willard Richards then read first reading of the Book of Mormon; he

thirty o'clock in the afternoon the the revelation, and each man in atwas perfectly satisfied and knew it was group adjourned, to meet again that tendance was invited to express his fromDanielthe Lord.Russell said it was true; felt as he

night at seven o'clock, this time at opinion concerning it. did after the first "Mormon"sermon that

Elder Benson's home, where BrigReynolds Cahoon was first to his he heard.

ham Young continued to dictate the feet, saying that to him it was the Horace Eldredge felt to receive it as the revelation. The group parted at ten voice of righteousness, and moved Word and Will of the Lord, and that its

that night, President Young going that the communication be received executionSaints. would prove the salvation of the

Hosea Stout said if there is anything in

ELEMENTS OF SUCCESS "Mormonism"to the people, sothatis isthetheWordvoice andof theWillLordof it. (Concluded from opposite page) vicariously, lessons that would bring the Lord. He meant to live

ures and achievements. Here are sorrow and remorse if they had to be That same evening the revelation

recorded the lives of men and women learned through firsthand experiwas presented to the First Council extending over a period of hundreds ence. The scriptures clearly teach of, the Seventy and their clerk, who

of years. They behaved in all manthat the wages of sin is death. They voted unanimously to accept it.

ner of ways as they faced every conalso teach that despite the chaos of And so the Camps of Israel were ceivable human situation. Not only every age of confusion, God is still organized in accordance with this

is human behavior disclosed, but also in his heaven. revelation, "with captains of hunthose deep, underlying causes by This generation needs to know dreds, captains of fifties, and capwhich man's restless and aspiring that the love of God is broader than tains of tens, with a president and

life has been dragged down or lifted material boundaries, that his moral his two counselors at their head; unto the heights. The teacher must might and spiritual passion is inder the direction of the Twelve

bring this rich heritage of rare exfluencing mankind—that his strugApostles,"and the first group began

perience to his students and make it gles to elevate and redeem our their orderly movement toward the live again in their lives. Many of the forefathers has its counterpart in Rocky Mountains the following

lessons of life may thus be learned our own age. April.

JANUARY 1947 29 *leCHURCH MOVES DN Pacific Mission Smith and Elders Albert E. Bowen and inch slowspeed type used by radio sta-

P"lder Matthew Cowley of the Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the tions and can be played on the portable

Council of the Twelve has been apTwelve. machines found in the missions and

stakes. cannot be used on conThey president pointed of the Pacific Mission Relief Society Board players. ventional record hometype First Presidency. is aby the This rpHREE new members have been addednewlycreated office, and corresponds

to the presidency of the European Misto the general board of the Relief West German Mission sion in scope. Society: Mrs. Mary Jacobs Wilson, A ppointment of Bishop Jean WunIncluded in the Pacific Mission, wife of David J. Wilson, and president derlich of the Las Flores Ward of

which Elder Cowley will direct, are the of the Mount Ogden Stake Relief Sothe Pasadena Stake, in California, as

Hawaiian, Central Pacific, Samoan, ciety. She has also been president of president of the West German Mission

Tongan, Tahitian, New Zealand, and the Relief Societies in both the Ogden has been announced by the First Presithe Australian missions. Twelfth and Twentyfourth wards. dency.

Elder Cowley is well qualified for Mrs. Florence Gay Smith, widow of Bishop Wunderlich is a native of Gerthis assignment. As a young man he the late Elder Nicholas G. Smith, asmany. At nineteen years of age he was

spent nearly five years as a missionary sistant to the Council of the Twelve. called on a mission and served as asRelief experience Society Herin In Zealand. 1938 he was called New

in hemispheres missions bothas president includes—the sociatetion of theeditorSwissGermanof Der Stern,Mission.the publicaof the Zealand MisNew

sion, filling that position until his return South African Mission as well as the to Salt Lake City in the fall of 1945. At California and the Northwestern States

the October 1945 general conference, missions in the United States, where he was sustained as a member of the she presided over Relief Societies. She

Cpuncil of the Twelve. has also been matron of the Salt Lake

Elder Cowley's headquarters will be Temple and been active in Primary in the Church. workin Salt City. periodLake make He will

Lillie C. Adams, wife of Arthur Mrs.ic trips missions to the he over which

of the Emigration and president Adams, presides...i.... Salt Society in Lake City. Stake Relief

She has also been president of the ReJEAN

Welfare lief Society of the University Ward, WUNDERLICH /hurch welfare program quotas have and a member of the Alpine Stake Rebeen greatly increased for the year lief Society board at American Fork, 1947. This year it is planned to make Utah. After moving to Utah, he served as

each of the ten welfare regions selfassociate editor of Der Beobachter, sustaining as far as possible. New Wards Latterday Saint German newspaper,

Deacon Ward, Hillside Stake, has while attending the University of Utah.

University also at the studied of He has in Salt City with formed been Lake StakeMt, Logan the at taught Chicago, both and German as bishop. Clarence new The Dean J. organi2ed NoStake was LoganlUfr. of University ColHamilton and Utah the part Laurelformerly of a was ward

1 of the part Logan 7, from vember lege, lived Clinton, has York. He New crest Ward. County. in Utah'sStake, The Cache in since southern California 1932 Mill East Creek Ward, Cummings of apstake, with membership anew is practising attorney. a where he part of has from a Stake, been formed

the following 3,775, hasproximately left the President Douglas Salt with the City Wilford Lake Ward, Wood Eighth, ElevSeventh,wards: Logan in the of Mission hands bishop. F. Virgil Hilton as German West

First, Second, andenth, and Providence local at Saints the outbreak of Stake, Sunset Fernando World San Ward,

Heights.River II, in 1939. President of the created a portion from Wunderhas been War

in are Stake Remaining the Logan Sr., its will succeed California, Zimmer, with Burbank, Ward, Jolich Max of Sixth, First, part Second,the Logan acting president. bishop. S. Stinson Accompanied as seph by his

the Eleventh, Twelfth, College, and Studio City Ward, San Fernando wife, he will make his headquarters at

Young wards. The stake now has a Stake, has been organized from a part Frankfurt, Germany.

3,727. ofmembership the of North Hollywood Ward, with

first counselor Raymond, A. George Chapel Dedicated as bishop. G. David Watts

in the old Logan Stake was sustained "R/Tountain View Ward chapel, Lyas president of the Mt. Logan Stake, Organ Recordings man Stake, was dedicated October

with Emile C. Dunn and W. Loyal Hall The Church radio, publicity, and mis27, by Elder Clifford E. Young, assistas counselors. sion literature committee has proant to the Council of the Twelve.

President Henry R. Cooper was reduced transcriptions of twentytwo of

tained as president of the Logan Stake, the betterknown hymns of the Church Deaths from Disease with V. Allen Olsen, his former second as played by Alexander Schreiner on /hurch members have a lower death

counselor, as first counselor, and Eldred the tabernacle organ, to be used by the rate per 100,000 population than

L. Waldron as second counselor. missions and outlying areas where they has the white population of the United

Participating in this, the organization have had no accompaniment for conStates as a whole and the white populaof the one hundred sixtieth stake of the gregational singing. tion of the United States, Germany,

Church, were President George Albert These transcriptions are of the 16France, Netherlands, Sweden, and 30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Great Britain, the statistics committee ment Stories, by Marion G. Merkley, Camp, Dixie Creek Pony Express Staof the Church have announced. The are replete with colored pictures, a weltion, Taylor Creek (where John Taylor

tabulation follows: come addition in the field of Church established an early sawmill), BauchSix Naliterature and teaching aids. man's Pony Express Station, Big MounDeathsfrom Church U.S* tions** tain, Birch Springs (at the foot of Big

"This Is the Place"Monument Mountain in Mountain Dell Fork), Tuberculosis 4 34 79.5

Cancer 70 134 137.5 A twentysix boot panel depicting Ephraim Hank's Mountain Dell Pony

Diseases of the the pioneer wagon train which was Express Station, Little Mountain, BrigNervous System.... 71 105 117.6 under the direction of Willard Richham Young's last camp on his way into

Diseases of the ards, has now been completed as work the valley, and Donner's Hill, from the

Circulatory System..208 351 224.0 progresses on the "This Is the Place"top of which Orson Pratt and Erastus

the of Diseases arRichards'group their first complete view of monument. The had Snow

Respiratory valley System 56 62 118.8 rived in the valley. Salt Salt Lake July 22, the Lake

the of Disease sculptor, 1847. Mahonri M. The System.... 23 Digestive 53 63.7 Navy Day is a companion Young, at work on now 14 72 Disease Kidney

Kidney and kindred panel representing the arrival of BrigAt the suggestion of President George diseases (nephritis) 17 56.9 ham Young and the other company on Albert Smith who had received corInfant Morality (per July 24th. respondence from Vice Admiral A. S.

1,000 live births Carpender of the United States Navy, during first year Salt Lake Temple Recorder Navy Day was briefly noted at Church of life) 27 37 "Denjamin L. Bowring has been meetings throughout the day Sunday.

(perMaternity Salt at the recorder named Lake October 27.

1,000 births) In succeeds this capacity he 1 2 Temple.

U.S.** InternationalHealth BureauHealth YearBook appointedCharles R.a counselorJones whoin thewaspresidencyrecently BrighamA recordYoungtotal ofUniversity4,330 students regisSunday School Manuals of the temple. tered at Brigham Young University

for the quarter just ended, it has been

Cunday School manuals for the cen- S.U.P. Marks Historic Spots announced.

tennial year of 1947 have been enHThe Sons of the Utah Pioneers late During the quarter, the Federal larged and improved. Three of the in October marked ten spots of hisWorks Agency transferred to the Brigca—Astudy courses,Study of Lifethe Bookin Ancientof Momon,Ameriby toricto theinterestsite of betweenthe "ThisHenefer,Is the Place"Utah, hamfive hundredYoung Universitystudents, a awoodworkingcafeteria for

Leland H. Monson; The Life of Christ, monument overlooking Salt Lake City. and machine shop, and a building to

by Kenneth S. Bennion; and Old TestaPlaces so marked are: Lone Tree (Continued on page 38)

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Henderson, Henry A. Anderson, Jr., Howard M. BethMatthew Leavitt, William H. Garner, Dean Shurtliff,

NOVEMBER 4, AND LEAVING NOVEMBER 13, 1946 Alberters, GordonJelte, V.VirginiaOlsen,Davis.Ralph Kent Mortensen, John EarlEleventhM. Daines,row:MelvaGrantLoisEarlEvans,Pollard,J. KennethEveretDavies.Dale

Reading from left to right, first row: Russell L. Sixth row: Albert Choules, Jr., Lynn B. Evans, Crowther, Cecil Dan Carroll, Bernetl Ward Evans,

Hulme, Howard L. Merchant, John R. Fish, Earl E. Harold E. Shoemaker, Ralph Lundstrom, Derroll E. GearId Neal, Richard D. Sabin, Willard H. Bradshaw,

Hansen, Max B. Webster, Earl B. Nelson, Leander N. Roundy, Orville O. Jeppson, Melvina M. Jeppson, Reid James S. Hurst.

Boyce, Deer Taylor, Lowell Wood, William Love, ClifScott, Mary J. Scott, Marion Jepson, Jane Jepson, Twelfth row: Stephen J. Krider, John E. Nielsen,

ton Johnson, LaVon S. Fife, Edwin Lloyd Smith, James Iva Lou Peterson, Mildred K. Seegers, Grace Rost. J. Lloyd Christensen, Eldon W. Lee, Richard H. Dalton,

Richard Snyder, Tom Harper. Seventh row: Paul Stevensen, Clifton D. Stubbs, Julian B. Fox, Estella Neilson, Dorothy Bolton, Nora

Second row: Wanda Marine Ricks, Joyce Hale, Hubert W. Satterthwaite, Vivian M. Allen, Robert Lee M. Hendriksen, William F. Farnsworth, E. Doyle

Louise West, Rulon T. Burton, Frances Hunn, Norma Hamblin, Wallace Eugene Duffin, Orrawell S. Kapple, Robison, Richard D. Andrus, David Beecroft.

Thomson, Mercedes Sorenson, Don B. Colton, director; Naomi F. Chatfield, A. Kelsey Chatfield, Charles Keith Thirteenth row: Robert E. Parsons, Keith H. SwenDale Grames, RuluVendora C. Rudd, Coombs, Anderson, Betty Jensen, John son, Wright, Clare Edward A. Johnson, Webb Wayne Richard Ogles, H. Eldon D

Willy Stella Banks, Anderson, Fassmann, Titus, Spurrier. Joseph Hallmark,Dorathe Clark, Charles Reva G. Ogles, Robert H. Cook, William

Parley Wilson. Eighth row: Curtis L. Parke, J. E. Vanderhoof, C. Parry, J. Wayne Reid, Clive P. Ririe, John R.

Dorothy Third row: Laura McBride, Hazel Bean, Barton, Joseph Francis Rice, Ralph Roydon Rampton, LeRio N. W. M. Williams, Donovan E. Webb,

Lillian Lillian Johnson,Johnson, Bingham, Melba Dean Carling, Gibbs, Jack V. DeLos G. Peck, Leo Z. Wendell Cook. James

Scott, Adora Kidman, Estella W. Call, Barbara L. Geiger, Nellie C. Kapple, William Van Bishop, Ray Fourteenth row: Kenneth A. Anderson, W. Benson

Pickett, V. Waldron, Brown, Calvin Burke Walter George Morgan, Wayne R.

S.H. Durtschi, Branson, Jean Norton, Marilyn Preal Thelma Morgan, Max R. Monk,Arave, RobertSheldon Bradshaw,L. Baker, Allen,Williams,JackEugeneE. Judkins,P. George,RonaldEarnestS. Peterson,A. Wordstrom,Leslie W.

Beckstead, Emma Fourth row: DonaldS. Bennett.H. Wallace, Ellis Leland WidEugeneNinth Birtcher,row: LloydGlennH. W.Parry,Skouson.John F. Clarke, Orvil N.StanleyWiltbank.G. Steadman, Harold C. Anderson, James

dison, Beulah Barbara Widdison, Fifteenth Scott Hendrix, Margaret Quinney, Sarah Prestwich, Maurine row: David G. William Woolley, Milton Romney,

T. Wright, Kizerian, Meik,M. Robert Melva Dorothy Hanks, S. Francis, Vera L. Hubert Schwab, Alma B. Fluckiger, Hepworth, Dean Berrett, R. Lyle Mark Watson,

L. Phillips, Burdella Terry, Terry, H. Parry, David Ray Bessie Hulet, Amasa M. W. Fae Kirkman, LaVern Nelda Butler, Donald Fay E. Hepworth, Dorset

Swallow,Thora Irene Louise Jacobsen, Hall, D. Anderson, Esther Rowena Houtz, F. Ray Memmott, Venna Carma HowGeorge Felsch, Jr., Heber A. Murphy,

Eakett, Evans. LaRue ard Pearson, Glen Bateman, A. Christensen. J Reed, Hyrum Douglas W.

Fifth Merrell Robert L. row: G. Charles Sixteenth Borg, Shupe, Rudger Ashby. William row: W. Martin, Meyer, David W. Bean, K. Roger

Celia R. L. Bartholomew, Milton Tenth row: Oriel Bartholomew, Abner L. Wilson, Kidman, J. Wade, Joseph Grant LaVern A. Child, Sherman Rolan R. ChristenWiddison,McRary Ellen Widdison, E. sen, Cummings, R. L. Mary Jack Millard Bingham, Chamberlain, Valden W. Clare Hyer, Robert O. Whitney, Eldon E.

Cosby, Kelly J. Cosby, L. Thurston, R. Mary Williams, Athenia V. Spjut, Monson. Anna Vernon Cook, C. Melvin

JANUARY 1947 31 Damascus."And again, "But Saul increased the

Kentennlal Afconzon more in strength."

We need to begin in little things that we may "From the nations of the earth came Utah Pio grow in large ones. We need not be discouraged

neers. Through faith and work, our culture grew. because our progress is slow, and our achievement

With rapidly increasing communication and transseemingly negligible. Notice that Saul "increased

portation, and with new perspective, vast horizons the more in strength."His progress in his changed

lie before us. May the progress of the last hundred life was by degrees and by dint of prayerful study.

years motivate the exploring of the new frontiers. Even after he had been completely accepted beLike a procession we march together toward 1947. cause of his good works among the Church mem-

... May the Lord bless you and yours with health, bers in Damascus, he had to be proved by those in

opportunity, vision, wisdom, and a desire to serve Jerusalem.

with increasing faith our Father which is in heavTo all of us the changing of lifelong habits seems it en. heartbreakingly slow, yet the progress of learning

These words from President George Albert itself is not a rapid one. The law of forgetting

Smith's card of season's greetings could well serve operates along with the law of remembering. Each

as a centennial keynote. of us must consciously struggle to operate under

Always we must look two ways: toward the the desired new action as frequently as possible in

horizon of the past, for experience and wisdom, and order to make it an habitual action; then the old

to honor its accomplishment; and toward the habit will be supplanted by a new habit and life

horizon of the future for an awareness of the work once again can resume a more settled pattern.

to be done, of life to be lived, of hopes to become And what are some of these desirable charactersubstance. istics that we want to make habitual? For each of

We would fail conspicuously to honor our pious, these characteristics will be different, since each neer progenitors if we dwelt only upon their accomwill have made habitual different ones of them. But

plishments. Our doing as well in the second cenwe need to check ourselves against the ideal person

tury, as they did in the first century (conditions that we want to become and test how we measure and opportunities considered), would be their to our standards we have set ourselves. One of

greatest honor and our greatest service. the first checks we should make is whether we live

Not alone what we have done, but what we must by truth. Do we deal in halflies or ingenious

do, is one of the centennial horizons on which we deceptions? Do we delude ourselves and others,

must keep our vision fixed. rather than face the sharp truth? If we would be-

"May the progress of the last hundred years come the changed person we desire, we must learn motivate the exploring of the New Frontiers."to face even the discomfort of the facts in order

that we may reach the place where the white light @5u,ildiviQ9 Aftmew shallthat isfindtruththatwillthe illuminatediscomfortallof ourthe ways.halftruthsAnd willwe

A Newas theyYear—aset outnewto life!makeThusthe allNewfondlyYearbelievefulfil isdisappeara comfortandandthata joy.living in the clearness of truth

all the aspirations and dreams of a lifetime. The Other characteristics that we may need to strugchief trouble is that we have forgotten that our gle to attain are to be more kindly, more honest,

aspirations can be attained only by a dayby-day more trustworthy, respecting ourselves and our building of ourselves into the persons that we desire fellow beings more completely and loving them to become. The old adage, "Rome was not built in more fully.

a day,"can apply equally well to our lives as to Building such a character for ourselves takes a material structures. No swift and sudden change is lifetime of endeavor and prayerful adherence to

going to transform us or our way of life. There the principles which will make this fruition possible.

have been but few examples of a Saul becoming a Yet, when the struggle has been engaged in sucperiod of cessfully, there will come a peace, even a peace Paul—and even he had to pass through a

teaching by the disciples before he could be sure of that passes understanding, which will make the his own changed course of life: "Then was Saul struggles seem as nothing in comparison with the

certain days with the disciples which were at realization. M. C. J.

YEAR! HAPPY NEW

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RraOWRTIDNS90EY10FN0E5d gested settlement in the valleys of the Rocky Mouncxiii. *JjLd sfoiepk J>mitk J-lan the tains or on the surrounding interior deserts. That

seemed to be a place where the Saints could live l/[/ediu/am r Ifliaration of the Lkarck / undisturbed, at least for a while. The spirit of

revelation confirmed this view.

Tn 1847 the Pioneer company entered the Great The Prophet then set about to prepare the peoSalt Lake valley. They were the forerunners of ple for this coming event. Under date of August 6,

the tens of thousands who in orderly procession 1 842, he wrote in his journal:

toiled across plain and desert in search of a haven "Passed over the river to Montrose, Iowa.... I

of peace. Their story of suffering, sacrifice, and prophesied that the Saints would continue to suffer

eventual success will live while the generations of much affliction and would be driven to the Rocky men endure. It is fitting that 1947 is dedicated to Mountains, many would apostatize, others would

the memory of these intrepid men and women, the be put to death by our persecutors or lose their lives founders of the intermountain empire of North in consequence of exposure or disease, and some

America. of you will live to go and assist in making settleThe westward movement of the Latterday ments and build cities and see the Saints become a

Saints it desired them. was not Instead by was mighty people in the midst of the Rocky Moun-

1 thrust them. upon west because they They came tains."

were obliged to do so. They would have preferred Anson Call, who was present on that occasion

to enjoy their comfortable homes in beautiful Nauand wrote his recollection of it, says that the Prophvoo and elsewhere. They were driven out and et, after uttering this prophecy, began a vivid deforced to seek another place of settlement. It was scription of the western country, much as it really

with heavy hearts that they trudged through the is. The Prophet also said that Anson Call, Shadwinter in Iowa and built temporary homes in Nerach Roundy, and others who were present would

braska. Had it not been for the courage born of assist in this building of cities among the Rocky

faith in their destiny, they would have scattered Mountains. He then charged all present to be

over the country, and the opening of the west would faithful, so that the priesthood would prevail over have been delayed by many years. all enemies. 2

From the time that the boy Joseph Smith had his More than a year and a half later, on Tuesday, first vision, persecution raged around him and his February 20, 1844, the proposed westward movefollowers. The trail of the Church from New York, ment began to take shape. The Prophet writes

Ohio, Missouri, and Illinois, was littered with "I instructed the Twelve Apostles to send out a persecutions from enemies, who stooped to every delegation and investigate the locations of Califorevil and inhuman device to prevent the progress of nia and Oregon, and hunt out a good location, the work. The Latterday Saints declared that God where we can remove to after the temple is comcan and does speak to his children on earth. That pleted, and where we can build a city in a day, and

claim begat the fury of hell in the breasts of men have a government of our own, get up into the whose faith and lives were unsound and often cormountains, where the devil cannot dig us out, and

It rupt. was a thorny and bloody path that the live in climate, a healthful where we can live as

Saints to follow. had to."a old as have a mind we

At length the persecuted people found a peacePrompt action was taken to obey these instrucful haven, as they thought, in Illinois. They reared tions, as shown by the following entry:

a beautiful city upon what was an inhospitable "At a meeting of the Twelve, at the mayor's ofmarsh. They were good, statebuilding citizens. fice, Nauvoo, February 21,1 844, seven o'clock p.m.,

Nevertheless, opposition and persecution did not Brigham Young, Parley P. Pratt, Orson Pratt,

cease. Among neighboring villages, outdistanced Wilford Woodruff, John Taylor, George A. Smith,

by the city of Nauvoo, hate was fanned into a Willard Richards and four others being present, destructive flame. Reason does not prevail among called by previous notice, by instruction of Presipeople governed by intolerance. dent Joseph Smith on the 20th instant, for the purThat these conditions would ultimately compel pose of selecting a company to explore Oregon and

another removal of the people became clear to the California, and select a site for a new city for the mind of the Prophet Joseph, the sustained leader of Saints.

the Church. He began to look around for a place "Jonathan Dunham, Phineas H. Young, David

to which his people could move and remain rela- D. Yearsley, and David Fullmer, volunteered to go;

tively unmolested from unfriendly neighbors. The ( Concluded on page 63

far west, then being opened on the Pacific Coast, History of the Church, V:85

was almost naturally the place to which the ProphSouthern-Ibid..Idaho.V:85,Biographical86; Tullidge,Supplement,Edward, pp.History271273;of Whitney.Northern OrsonUtah andF.,

et's mind would be directed. None had as yet sugHistoryHistoryof Utah,of theVol.Church.IV. p.VI:143.222

JANUARY 1947 33.

GDDKECDRNEiT Josephine B. Nichols DMINESUB

HUNGER FOR BEAUTY plotfor gardening,elsewhere, buttriednothingto locatesuitablea smallwas 'T'heserocketing,days, homemakerswith food pricesmust makeskyto be found. The best they could do every last penny of the food dollar do

By hma Dovey was to secure the promise of a small its bit toward nutritious and palatable corner garden bed for the following meals.

"T\ean had been bringing red poppies year. The following menus are low in cost,

to the summerschool class. Every Dean returned the lastpicked blosand include all the necessary food elefew days he came in with another of som to Mr. Stone, who accepted it ments required daily.

flowers. Corwith Missthese gorgeous should gravely. "I think pay you for Menu I for they were them, to havewas happy said. took,"the other poppies he you

so gloriously colorful. One gay red "All right,"answered Dean rather Breakfast

poppy in a bowl of white and yellow weakly, thinking of his very small alStewed Apples filled with Oatmeal Cereal attractive showing. anblossoms made Sugar wondering lowance and

Butter times how long it TopToastMilk a day of dozen a spoke Dean him to do this. would take Milk brought.the he had poppy

with you help "Suppose me my Lunch "See, Miss Corwith, it's opening out after for fifteen school minutes weeding

Spaghettinow!"Cheese and yourself helped for as days you as many

Sticks Carrot Raw at the now!"poppy "Look! Look flowers,"suggested. to he my Butter Bread Whole Wheat

It's bigger."getting poppy? "See my quickthis garden?"asked "In Dean Milk

to it seemed, more blossom, was The ly, his eyes big with wonder and deDinner soon which a flower would thanhim light.

Beef Loaf* beauty. It of expressionwilt. an was garden,"in the vegetable was "No, Potatoes Baked Beans Green at boy, sturdy, vigorous a wasDean after response. mothe Then, a grim Grapefruit, Salad Orange rather almost rowdy,times so it was continued, silence "But he ment's Butter Bread when

this findsurprising to him manifesting Caramel Custard* poppies, for the paid you've we might as in as aesthetic interest anythingkeen here, For if you wish. weeding do some

the beauty of flowers. that work, a few of the flowers would Menu II

Each poppy had meant so much to be rightfully yours."Breakfast

sad that Corwith was Misshim Juice attention it to her was broughtwhen Butter indeed A little more than a week later anFrench Toast Tomato on flaming appeared red other poppy poppies the takingthat been had Dean Milk it Jam at desk. gazed Corwith's Dean did not Miss garden. a neighbor'sfrom He Lunch is really mine,"ecstatically. one "This

it.deny Bean Soup* Navy it.""I confided. earned he

I wouldn't that "Didn't you know Toasted Cheese Sandwiches want flowers that were not your own?"Apple Butter

Miss Corwith asked.

Dinner or he had not did not know, Dean think. was tostopped He himself exRED CROSS Scalloped PotatoesLamb Chops Buttered Beets

ceptionally generous and affectionate, Mixed Green Salad and he was eager for approval. He had Bread Butter

no flowers at home to bring, although Apricot UpsideDown Cake* his was a home that supplied good food Milk and clothes, the best children's magazines, and other evidences of thoughtful *Recipes parental care. Beef Loaf

At recess, on the day she had learned \. l/2 pounds ground beef

of Dean's wrongdoing, Miss Corwith 1 ]/2 cups bread crumbsmade two telephone calls—one to Mr. 1 chopped onion

1 teaspoon salt—pepperStone, the neighbor whose garden had HPhe major tasks of the American Red

been invaded, and one to the boy's par- x/2 cup milk or tomato juice ents. It was agreed that Dean should Cross in 1947 are: Combine meat, crumbs, and seasoning.

return the poppy he had taken that 1 Continued service to veterans and Add liquid; mix well; place in loaf pan.

morning. their families Bake in oven (350 F.) for one hour. The

flavor catsup be varied by may ( 1 ) using inclined to show had been Mr. Stone in to the service 2. Continued liquid; men part onehalf using as teaspoon (2)

first the subject wasannoyance when or hospitals, leaves, celery sage, parsley: those to chopped army and navy

mentioned, but his irritation subsided serving with the occupation forces (3) using onefourth pound ground salt when the teacher praised his flowers overseas, and to their families pork.

and described Dean's delight in them.

Bean Soup Navy the to service commuparents, talking Dean's with When 2 overnight! beans (soaked cups navy service, donor blood 3. nity—disasterContinued son's of their Corwith muchMiss made quarts 3 water first safety, aid, acservice, water beautiful urged of the andappreciation 1 bone ham

aide, nurse's cident prevention, to have opportunity giventhat an he be sugar teaspoon }/2 a garden of his own. Later, his parents, and other health, welfare, and 1 large onion chopped

who had no ground that could be used educational services 1 stalk celery chopped 34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook beans in water until nearly tender,

Add other ingredients, cook until beans and celery are soft. Put through sieve and

thicken slightly, if desired. Serve hot. Will

serve eight to ten people.

Caramel Custard

4 eggs Yz cup sugar 4 cups milk, scalded J/2 teaspoon vanilla x/2 teaspoon salt Caramelize onefourth cup of sugar and Winter add scalded milk. Stir until it dissolves. Beat eggs slightly, add remaining sugar, makes no difference

salt, and vanilla. Add scalded milk mixture. Pour into custard cups or baking dish.

Set in a pan of hot water and bake at 325* Bundled against the cold, your baby cannot

F. for forty minutes or until firm. Serve hot get the benefit of sunshine (to create vitaor cold. min D in his body) during the winter. But

difference this makes no if he is fed Sego

Apricot UpsideDown Cake Milk. Babies fed on this extraordinary milk

2 cups drained apricots receive their requirements of the sunshine

V2 cup apricot juice vitamin as surely in winter as in summer.

% teaspoon nutmeg 1 tablespoon butter Fortified with 400 units of pure vitamin D3

Arrange fruit and fruit juice in well to the quart (half Sego—half water) Sego

greased nineinch round or square baking Milk always provides all the vitamin D the dish. Dot with butter and sprinkle with normal baby needs—when all the milk in

nutmeg. his diet is Sego Milk.

Cake Furthermore, Sego Milk is more easily diJ4 cup shortening gested. It is uniformly rich in the food

l/2 cup sugar substances of whole milk, and is as safe in 1 egg its sealed container as if there were no germ 1 sifted cup cake flour disease of in the world.

1 teaspoon baking powder teaspoon J4 salt Ask your doctor about Sego Milk for your vanilla teaspoon ]/2 5 tablespoons milk baby.

Cream shortening and sugar, add egg, beat well. Sift the dry ingredients; add alternately with milk to the first mixture.

Beat well. Add vanilla. Pour the batter

over the apricots. Bake twentyfive minutes

at 375 F.

HanAfnimts Payment for Handy Hints used will beone dollar upon publication. In the event To get a free copy of "Your Baby"—a 64page EGQ

that idea two submitted, are with the same earlierthe will one illustrated book—and Mary Lee Taylor's new VITAMIN receive postmarked the

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, recipe booklet "Meals Men Like"just write to: SltA.""wwa&SW

but each will receive careful consideration.

SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY, Dept. S-2, 159 West 1st So., Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Try snapping shoulder pads in wash dresses. Sew snaps on each corner of the

pad and at the place where the point goes along the seam of the dress. This way the

shoulder pads can easily be removed and won't isdress needwashed.—/.to be washedC. B Faitview,every timeUtah.the Keep abreast of important centennial happenings

carrots, to grate preparing do When not throughcut the tops completely leave off, but about an inch of green on the carrot. This provides a convenient handle to hold during

the operation, and makes it possible to grate all of the carrot with ease. N. R. D.,Ogden, Utah. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

To separate an angel food or sponge into serving piecescake crushing, without 12 issues $2.00

forks. at Startuse two down; top, work

gently pull cake apart. M. H., Salt Lake

City, Utah.

JANUARY 1947 35.

iKAAkA t. j*>v j*V >**i. j*V. >*V. /S. "*\../V. j****

I'M %t A Improvement Era JUVENILE DELINQUENT

Subscribers.. President David O. McKay said a HSu AColleenYOUNG WRITERKjibbcKuibbo

few years before the beginning of of gives The you much ERA "If this to asked war, name I were school, after job a has he and Bob the best current CHURCH say, I should greatest the world's need time. in his builds airplanes spare model its Within LITERATURE. covunhesitatingly, mothers and exemwise his to parents he walk and Sunday On find ers each auyou month

If love but fathers. were mother plary his tease, together. but Bob's a Church thoritative material written or

if fatherhood directed rightly half and likes beschool understand. folk He leaders. our spoken Church by

in it be, exhalf should but what were in feels his believe teachers it he cause to occurred Has what you priceless gems of theology, ample and honor, much of the sorrow him. He has a super Boy Scout leader

poetry and downto-earth gosand wickedness in the world today who is A-l. Bob doesn't know fear,

pel you have in the yearby- would be overcome."How much because where there is faith, there is

year volumes of this magagreater is this need today? no room for fear. He's happy, and I

zine? A young girl I know is an example of guess anybody who is happy can't get

Why not preserve them for this worthwhile way of living. She is into trouble. Bob isn't delinquent. You

your future reference and your seventeen and a member of a large will find few delinquents where there is children's edification? We urge family. She lives in a home that can a happy home life with a good father

you to do so. really be called a home. Her mother and a good mother.

has sympathy, understanding, interest;

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound she likes to do things young people are HpHE feeling of insecurity at home, father has plenty her in the indifference and on scolding, andin durable, attractive, blue cloth interested over. things One talk living of time to neinadequate of parents, of the part

binding, stamped in gold $2.25 uppermost factors which keep their cessities, lack of a standard of values,

each plus postage. home life happy and keeps every memdrinking and smoking, are some of the

is their knows he the best living juv- a breed conditions which tragicTen or more volumes at one time ber afthat a religion have religion. things They are enile delinquent. These

$2.00 each plus postage. fords constant training and takes care which destroy the youth's purpose, his

of their recreation and fun, too. It sense of security, his interest in living

Bring them in or mail them to us supervises their activities and builds and the good feeling of being believed

concert a to be wants she she knows done. be must NOW! their ideals. This girl has a purpose; in. These are reasons why something

in goal that keeps she violinist; and will it be? What e*s

little become to time has She mind. Yes, Uncle may be able to do Sam

delinquent. She must do the breakfast much to curb juvenile delinquency. He

The dishesto rateandhervacuumallowance.the livingShe roomhas beenfloor canthemclearwithoutlowcostthe slums.housing,He canwithreplaceadetaught that idleness is the devil's workquate light and clean air; he can build

Deseret Jews Press person.shop and Therethat a busyis companionshipperson is a happyin gymnasiums.recreation centersHe andcan playgroundspay the highestand

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City their family between the children and wages to trained leaders who will take the parents. It gives every member a care of children for parents who work.

o><3K><Ox><S>0<3k><3k><3*>0 feeling of security. He can understand that the way to

And then there's Jimmy, who lives up guarantee good citizens is to provide the street. He comes from what might plenty of the right things for his chilbe called the "slum area"but what is dren to do. He can deal with juveniles

his home like? When Jimmy gets disliberally and correctively, and I think

couraged, his father puts his arm around he will. But Uncle Sam can't do it all.

him and says, "You're O. K., Jim. I Mother and father must do the biggest

have faith in you, and I always will part. Home! What can be done here

have. I know you'll do all right."Jimis much more important than what

my believes this because his father Uncle Sam can do.

means it. When he comes home from Put a boy in a good home, and he's

school, Mom's there with a glass of on the right track. He'll do things. Put

milk and a cookie, and she sits down another boy out in the street. He's

by him to let him tell her about everystuck. The major causes of, and the

thing. His friends, too, are always welcures for, juvenile delinquency, lie in

come. His parents are fine and clean, the home. Every young man and every

and they love each other, and they love young woman begins life with the dehim. They have to work hard for a sire to do good. Then, parents, please

living, but they make him feel he's take careful note of the various forces worth it. He wants to make good for which, as life unfolds, will influence

them. Every week they have a family and determine whether or not we, the

TEA GARDEN also makes SYRUP meeting to talk over their problems. youth of today, are the proud fulfillers

PRESERVES* MARMALADE* GRAPE JUICE He's not delinquent. of a purpose or victims of a condition.

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The force that Keeps the Statue of Liberty from Crumbling...

(MrfMIESYourB/gftief

IFthatit wereexistsnot betweenfor the strangemoleculesattractiveof matter,force the Statue of Libertyt for instance, or in fact your car, your house, this paper you hold in your hand would crumble into powder.

No one knows exactly what the force of molecular attraction is, but it can be controlled.

And by controlling this basic force, Conoco scientists are able to bring you and America's millions of motorists new and better oils.

In fact, by utilizing molecular attraction, a special ingredient of Conoco Nth motor oil is attracted to working surfaces of your engine.

So strong is this attraction that cylinder walls and other parts are oilplated.

And because molecular attraction holds

Conoco oilplating up where it belongs...

prevents it from all draining down to the crankcase, even overnight... you get these benefits:

added protection during the vital periods when you first start your engine added protection from corrosive action when your engine is not in use added protection from wear that leads to fouling sludge and carbon added smooth, silent miles That's why you'd be safer to oilplate your engine now... at Your Conoco Mileage Merchant's. Look for the red triangle. Continental

Oil Company

JANUARY 1947 37

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

( Continued from page 31 Salt Lake City has a total memLina K. Steinhouse, born April 26, 1863.

provide twenty classrooms and twentybershop of 113,943, or 65.11 percent Excommunicated August 11, 1946, in the

Elder South Box Brigham First Ward, living the in Salt estimated of 175,000 offices. facilitiesfour faculty These

Stake.

City. Lake at originally located thewere Ogden

6. Blight, Siler born Milner June Maud it popularly years has been For bethis transfer,arsenal. time of At the 4, 1946. 1922. Excommunicated November

that lieved state the sixty percent was that agency announcedgovernment SantaquinTintic the in Eureka Ward, 2,509 veterans were attending the "Mormon,"and Salt Lake City was Stake.

Church university. forty percent "Mormon."Arthur K. Deutsch, born January 1, 1892:

elder. Excommunicated September 4, 1946,

Utah State Agricultural College Excommunications in the San Francisco Ward, San Francisco

Stake. ""WENIFER BELL LENORE ExDUNNAGE. branch of the ChurchA n independent 20, Henry Edwards, born March John in 22, 1946, communicated September near the has been organized Utah seventy. 1888; September Excommunicated

District, the Mission. Australian Queensland

in the 18,State San College, Agricultural 1946, Ward, San Francisco Logan, 1908. Beatrice A. Faber, born 23, January

Stake. is of branch comprisedUtah. The in the Francisco 21, 1946, all Excommunicated September

27, Fonnesbeck, born July Alan Leon in projects livingfamilies housing the Miller Salt Stake. South Lake Ward, September 1921; deacon. Excommunicated 9, Faber, 1905, college Paul the toadjacent born campus. August Walter The

branch president is Elmer E. Broadbent. elder. Excommunicated September 21, 1946, 15, 1946, in the Logan Eighth Ward, Logan

in the Miller Ward, South Salt Lake Stake. Stake.

13. Gallaher, born July Elna Woodbury Millett, Ira 17, 1889, born DecemberUniversity of Utah

1946, 10, 1927. Excommunicated November 1946, 26, September Excommunicated

inA T impressive Stake. the Elmhurst Oakland Ward, and colorful rites, comelder.in Stake. the Fourth Temple Ward, View

30, Jensen, Frank atValdemar born 16, pleted 1946, October May and 3, Virgil Montagne, born Ralph January 6, elder. 1911; November Excommunicated state, of leaders andtended Church by priesthood. 1916, Excommunicated no Octhe in South 1946, Los Walnut Park Ward, the delegates of asas well from many 1, in the tober 1946, Second Grande La Stake. Angeles learning, institutions of highernation's Stake. Union Ward,

Dr. Albert Ray Olpin was inaugurated Jeanie Pritchett McPhillips, born NovemWeber G. Lund, born December 19, 1922;

as president of the University of Utah. ber 30, 1906. Excommunicated September teacher. Excommunicated October 27,

29, 1946, in the Huntington Park Ward, 1946, in the Elmhurst Ward, Oakland

The Church In Utah South Los Angeles Stake. Stake.

Perkins, Franklin February born Henry Plyler, Pritchett Calista Meiling restatistical committee May ChurchrpHE 10, 1911. 27, Excommunicated November 28, 1901. born Excommunicated September in late figures these leased Novemin the 1946, Eleventh Logan Logan Ward, 1946, in the 29, Huntington September Parkber: Stake. Stake. South Angeles Los Ward,

in has a memberChurch Utah The 7, 1879; Rhodes, born Lewis May W. Plyler, Meiling 1921. born Roberta July 28,

ship of 467,524, or 74.21 percent of Excommunicated September 29, 1946, in the priest. Excommunicated October 20, 1946,

Utah's population, which is estimated Huntington Park Ward, South Los Angeles in the Claremont Ward, Oakland Stake.

at 630,000. Stake. (Concluded on page 54)

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA {torn a neighbors farm Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab on how farmers make work easier, cut operating costs? improve

crop quality. Safeway reports his findings because

we Safeway people know that exchanging good ideas helps everybody. After all, more than a third

of our customers are farm folks.

This special extrasize grapple fork, developed by

Oregon State College agricultural engineers, transfers 6 large or 8 small bales of hay at one time from truck or wagon to barn mow. It cuts

job time 50% compared with ordinary grapple fork tines or sling methods. Eight or hooks, four calls Papillion, Krajicek,of Wesley Nebraska,

side of inserted slightly are on each main frame, this his "drown -proof"waterer. Note lamb

inside center of bales as they rest to end end the board around on guard above and mounted load. Trip pulled bales rope enter when mow trough. This lambs board prevents from

transfers weight to chains from frame main on in, into climbing the water, or being pushed side. either chains are iron with These connected

is for they a drink. when come So effective

pipes passing or of the bend through each elbow this lost simple hasn't device that Krajicek tine. is to of bales weight transferred the When single 5 years. a during lamb drowning by

tines this at point, tines bales withdraw, allowing to drop into mow. Main frame measures 64 inches

long by 19 inches wide. Trip mechanism was taken

from grapple fork used on long hay.

To****:foe** tf/IRVesr &RR/ERS F/TTED

7b 7tfcm Spec/al Jobs... *#>

area in California a few This field cabbage Around the Visalia cart, with wheels seasons back, blight was damaging the toto straddle spaced crop. onthe-ground produce Safeway's mato

beds, is 2-row two Agricultural asked buyer the State loaded by stoop at Davis for help in meeting this Collegegrower laborers. Tractor problem. Here he learned about a new blightload hauls from strain resistant at Penndeveloped tomato

is side of cart field lever at to shed where packing College. State sylvania The Safeway man

floor. tilt slide Cart to cart, onto cabbages pulled of the obtained seeds urged and some new

California in built Brothers the was by Hunt to try Visalia growers them. Growers who

Imperial Valley. used the new seed reported excellent results.

"Asparagus sleds"are Safeway produce men often recommend ways built from old cars by to improve quality and yield, and such efforts J. R. Gosser of Holt,—by encouraging consumption—help give

California. Wheel base growers a more profitable market.

is shortened, and chassis width narrowed to Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut straddle asparagus bed. "inbetween"costs

Lever at rear of wood Safeway buys regularly, offering probody controls speed. ducers a steady market; when purchasing

Picker steps offto gather from farmers Safeway accepts no brokerbunches of cut asparagus. age, either directly or indirectly

Special rebuilt moSafeway pays going prices or better, never tor trucks with 4- offers a price lower than producer quotes wheel drive and exSafeway stands ever ready to help move tra wide wheel base surpluses to straddle two 2- Safeway sells at lower prices, made posrow beds are used sible by direct, less costly distribution...

in lettuce harvest so consumers can afford to increase their around Salinas, California. The trucks are rebuilt consumption

to growers'order in local shops. Resulting speedup

*e neighborhoo(i in harvest helps get fresher lettuce to consumers. SAFEWAY—stores grocery

JANUARY 1947 39 * DN THE BDDKRHG THE TRUTH SEEKER the inner souls of the people are probed, of farm products as revealed by science. In

AND MORMONISM until the great issues of their lives lie bare. the irrigated West, this movement is of

(Dr. Joseph F. Merrill. Deseret Book However, this is detected only by the particular importance. The initial costs of

Company, Salt Lake City, Utah. thoughtful reader. The book is not preachy. dams, canals, and farm structures, and of

1946. 269 pages. $1.00.) Rather, it holds the interest from the beginthe operation and maintenance of the sysirriga- against charge tems, series the a heavy ning a unto of events end make byT conof I 'His out excellent has grown book fears agriculture, tion met chiefly be loves, folding can which hopes, and pashuman

-*- radio for series of the tinued requests crops, intensive the growing sions. of more a be missed. must by page Not

Merrill delivered Dr. F.addresses Joseph by the useful factory. to that are those notably is It find to refreshing novel with a a

is It 1945. throughfrom December July in close touch should with keep The West unusually well background, "Mormon"

"scientist,the of educator, testimony and a itself better reads than chemurgy. book The written, interest, compelling of does which

all to learned accept haschurchman,"who A. most W. delineauntruthful to not draw need upon fiction.—/. It it religion. histruth part of and make itself life to tions the of garbage and make perobjectivebrings together evidence and

is interesting. land the there a Throughout COLORADO THE of reality the concerningsonal conviction

the sewerlitera- revulsion against growing > Rinehart Company, Waters. (Frank his "in majesty and moves powGod who rein foisted ture us been has which upon pages. $3.00.) York. 400 New it in be wither"accordance truth—whether is lastyears. style of Hinckley's cent Miss r rivers latest of the 'his of books America call truth thethe or science which men ing, classical quality. right the to have We -*J call religion. the standard generallytruth twentythey high maintains which The

literature expect from her good mind much this three series. divisions of there chapters phases the Inseven of work on main many pen. and find religion will historicalof science of the deservedly discussed and background are

many earnest readers. R. L. E. The Mountains Are Mine should be read our knowledge of the Colorado River, the

widely by "Mormon"and non-"Mormon,"people in or near its drainage basin, and the

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN descriptionfor the historyof theit containsvagaries andof thethe humanvivid futureand recreationaluse of the purposes.river for economic,There are social,excel-

(Marvin O. Ashton. Bookcraft Company, soul.—/. A. W. lent descriptions of the river and its conSalt Lake City, Utah. 1946. tributing territory; the historical material is

332 pages. $3.00.) lore; spiced Indian gossipy with and much TAKES FARMER A WIFE

listened to Ashton Marvin O. is possibilities the river the of magnitudeWhoever and (John Gould. Morrow Company, New

is for in loved him, loved people he presented and manner. a convincing There 1946. York. 153 pages. $2.00.)

his to fairly through graphic bibliography them complete him adrew and a good life fun is the for basis of farm 'T'he stories.figurative pointed language interested and his All River, this index. in the Colorado

if it citydoesn't * book, and most make his arbrings together of greatest willThis resources, some America's book one of ticles and stories so that those who loved bred folk long to get a place in the country, welcome the book.

him may have him with them in their homes there's something wrong with the citybred One wonders, however, why it was necesalways. The volume vibrates with his perfolk—that's all. It also makes a person want sary to drag the "Mormons"and their hissonality, which was a rare combination of to find out something about his ancestors tory into this volume. Their relation to the

wit and wisdom, and abounds in truth which so that he may have some tales with which Colorado would have seemed enough. Curiall need to know and apply. The book is to regale his grandchildren. The book is ously, the story of the march of the Morfully illustrated, thus emphasizing by drawconducive to better family life—and more mon Battalion across Arizona is not mening the printed word. M. C. J. fun in it. It is recommended highly for both tioned. The thirteen "Mormon"pages are

rural and urban people.—M. C. /. crowded with historical misstatements and

the author's personal opinion about sub- a BIBLE THE READ TOHOW of little, ject clearly he which and knows SOIL RICHES THE FROM NEW C. The John Goodspeed. (Edgar J. that inaccurately. After unscholarpaying Nostrand, McMillen. D. Van (Wheeler Boston, Mass. Company,Winston ly to attention Smith, the Joseph of Book Inc., $3.00.) pages. York. 396 New pages. $2.50.)224 Sidney Mormon, Rigdon, Brigham Young,

is of of lithe theme chemurgy progress a but book, not Bible is one the all in to general and he charges "Mormons,"SINCE THE is the this fascinating book. it Chemurgy book read by should be books, of with part brary as them of murders atoneblood a

book, and subject by subject, rather than development of new industrial uses for farm ment practice. For all this he quotes only

of establishment materials, the and end. grown to author, from beginning To onecontinuously said! M. R. Werner—enough

It is. of the association crops. clasfarm possible, this It is new book that to be hopedmake such a reading in he is unaware that

sifies the books of the Bible, and adds brief science, industry, and agriculture for the this field he is far behind historical progress.

but helpful comments on each book. It sugcommon good. Though this movement is These pages mar the book greatly, and

gests that the reading begin with the Gosless than two decades old, it has accomleave doubt as to accuracy elsewhere or

Industrial uses first; the other plished have been much. then followpels, placing Mark anywhere in the book.—/. A. W. plants, oats, the fibre corn, and speeches, found for biographies, classified asbooks,

fiction, crops. wastes, such history, poetry, Farm sermons, many other andorations as LAND OF PROMISE cobs, is discarded and revelations. sawdust corn oat hulls, There visions andletters, and

also a chapter on the historical background lumber chips, have been converted by sci- (Walter Havighurst. The Macmillan

of Bible books; and another on the chronoence into useful substances with cash values. Company, New York.

logical order of the books for those who preStarches, oils, industrial alcohol, and even 384 pages. $3.00.)

* of the I 'his story Territory Northwest materials. farm hisrubber been have Bible the that way. read fer to won from A brief

-*- Illinois, progresses, fear the volfarm Indiana, from and Ohio, concludes Bible English Wisconsin the worktory of As the ume. This classification and the assembled surpluses is vanishing. The combination of—is of special interest to Latterday Saints,

materials should be very helpful to Bible farm and factory is bringing about a more because in this region the Church spent sevreaders. The comments and the chronology profitable and a happier mode of living. In eral of its earliest years. The book is esare of course subject to the differing theorettwenty-three chapters the distinguished sentially a history, and a good one, beginical opinions of Bible scholars. J. A. W. originator and president of the National ning with the earliest pioneer years. The

Farm Chemurgic Council, who is also the conquest of America, of which we are propTHE MOUNTAINS ARE MINE editorpast accomplishmentsof the Farm Journal,in thistellsfield,theandstorygivesof—-varyingerly proud, onlywas inmuchthe theintensitysame ofeverywherethe labor

(Helen Hinckley. Vanguard Press, New a glimpse of the future. The book is writrequired. The reading of this book, though

York. 394 pages. $2.75.) ten in simple, entertaining language. Once in no sense a religious treatise, furnishes a

THIS intriguing story of early pioneer days begun it will not be laid down until finished. good background for understanding the

in Utah is told honestly and well. The Every farmer and farmer's wife would read difficulties of the "Mormons"in Ohio and

fortunes of two polygamous families form it with interest; every industrialist would Illinois. Besides, it is a most interesting

the basic theme of the novel. Why one is profit by becoming acquainted with chemchapter of American history, well written,

successful and the other a failure is made urgy; and all citizens who are concerned and enlivened with legends, anecdotes, and

plain through the very human behavior of with our national welfare would have their colorful episodes.—J. A. W.

the main characters. With great delicacy imaginations stirred by the industrial value (Continued on page 49)

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fcNIDCTirc MYSTERIOUS GIFTS THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT AN NIGHT PLANE

OLD HOUSE By Evelyn Fjeldsted By Harold Gerard

By Ora Pate Stewart TPhe fortress like an eagle fought her way heard a plane go over in the night, * Against the shrieking headwinds toward here's something about an old house I And icy fingers gripped about my heart. her base. T I made a sudden movement toward the

The men were thinking of the grave delay, It may be an old Virginia mansion lightfloor boards wide strange that after months I still through the "intercom"unchartered With HowWhen ghost feet beneath creak That start should space

Brought Christmas carols on the radio, Dancing a wild quadrille And tremble once again in sudden fright

Remembering through song, the land that In a drawing room, Because of just an airplane in its flight.

sings To the tinkling music the wind Of life of free wonderful longThe ago long this that bred nights fear were The strings broken Over the like sunlight that Chad hope wasTo ago,... old harpsichord Of an brings. little children are there who must But

And then the great plane like the wounded weep bird It may be a Georgia hut Whenever peaceful airplanes fly too low

That long has battled with the windswept Squatting in a pecan grove, And arouse them troubled once again clouds Crisped with the southern sun, from sleep.Was sinking—sinking into cloud banks And overdone... May God forbid that future children know

blurred Its life juices fried away... As did these present ones, such things are

And threatening, rising up with hidden But through its paneless windows so.

shrouds. see I can—

of pickaninnies play The eternityIs time a or moment another day Of are lost and not men a move to makeWhen... SNOW relentless weird vacuity?Within

To keep from thinking, yet to stay awake, It may be the sturdy cabin of the West, By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

With pencil stub, indelible and bold, Walled with the axhewn lengths of tamarack,Painstakingly "Mary"wrote the name Chad parachute's limp fold And his groundedUpon chinked with buffalo dung Thethesnow,wholea worldveil ofnew,loveliness, has made

And later somewhere in security And prairie mud... No longer parched and withered fields where

In dreams he walked again with Mary Lee; Dirt roofed, and bloody raftered, once spring blossoms grew,

the quarry hung fields yielding time Where at the bronzedHe saw or bear Of antelope tree, initials in the carved nooningThe... No longerwas I todustyknowwayside shrubs; but how

Near pasture hills where stillness was sub- I see the scalp lock of an Indian It was God who sent to bless the world, his lime, As he rides past benison of snow.

The old slow moon that rolled above the On a pinto mare...

hills I watched it drifting soft and still, over

To throw soft scintillating lights among There is something about an old house... roofs and garden ways;

The trees that touched the upstairs window I sighed because I thought it meant the end sills Where autumnpainted sweet wistaria clung It maybreathbe that when the flesh and blood and I sawof familiarperfect days;objects fade; and how was

And springtime with its measured warmth That was the house I to tell and cold, Is spent, God sent it as a blessing to the world he

The winds that tumble dust instead of The spirit of itself, loves so well.

planes, Ghost guard, The halfblown flowers reaching up to hold Is sent

Clean melting snow and gentle sunlit rains. To watch the crumbling bones Into decay SHOSHONE CANYON

sentry smokewreaths chimneyWhen laced the A Stewart Martha By friendly can sky, know Whosilent 12 Years Age, gifts death! waiting mistletoeMysterious and No

Expressed all to see nigh the Christmas spirit that drew God made Shoshone Canyon for enjoy, and all side glow, hearth America's warmTo as he sat thinking of what kinds of bells there with joyful And and were lightsAnd tone nature to employ, it to make thought wouldn't be wonderful ChadWhen reached home—the end of war's He of spires domes, pinnacles and A cathedral route. long

And this strange thing the little town had and pines, known. Small blooming flowers and green, creeping

vines,A Christmas all inspiration to give mankind an Mary's Was it instil their hearts and within deep dressgift—amade snowfrom awhiteparachutenylon ToAnd dress;

Her friends had seen her name upon its minds.

folds And who can know or who can ever guess And so he set in motion the elements of

The facts this story of the moment holds. nature,

The rains to sweep, the winds to blow,

The frost to chisel and chip, the rivers to

SORROW'S LESSON The sungouge,to beat and the cold to bite and nip.

By Rey R. Torres

A Young Writer So now, we see before us the great canyon of Shoshone.

""Pis well all souls were made to suffer And isn't it grand to live in a land * That each for other's woes might feel; Where God to us can loan

For pain unlocks the door of mercy Red sandstone cliffs and sloping hills

So learns the wounding hand to heal. And the River of Shoshone?

JANUARY 1947 41 A QUESTION FOR THE PRIESTHOOD- W WoJd J Be,WU things to forth mouth of God."(See from the many came the loss man of on t Jkeie Jklna5 f eth

of salvaplan to the pertaining Lord's 84.) C. section D. &

And this gospel of the kingdom shall be Those who enjoy a testimony of the tion. Revelation ceased being a conpreached in all the world for a witness unto truth do so because "flesh and blood tinuing living thing with the people for

all nations; and then shall the end come. have not revealed it"but our Father their guidance.

(Matt. 24:14.) "... Spirit is the enin heaven. which

inis defiled the also earth under The

I I For the though preach gospel, have world, lighteneth the through every man transthereof; habitants they because have nothing of: to is glory for necessity laid of the to the that voice hearkeneth laws, the ordinance, the gressed changed

is if I yea, upon me; unto me, preach woe Spirit. that hearkeneth every one And everlasting the covenant. Therefore broken

(I the not gospell Cor. 9:16.) Spirit unto the of the voice cometh to earth, the they hath the curse devoured and

God, even the Father. And the Father that dwell therein are desolate.... (Isaiah

'"Phe preaching of the gospel to the teacheth him of the covenant.... ( See 24:5, 6.)

entire world is the great mission D. & C. Sec. 84. ) Those who come not

which the Lord assigned to the priestunto the Lord "lieth in sin, and groaneth With our understanding by revelahood of his Church. The Lord by revunder darkness and under the bondage tion of things pertaining to eternal life

elation has repeatedly declared to inof sin. And by this you may know we are indeed a favored people. With

quiring individuals that the thing which they are under the bondage of sin, bethis knowledge there is born a faith and would be of "greatest worth"to them cause they come not unto me. For whohope that is not known in the world,

would be to cry repentance unto the so cometh not unto me is under the and gives true purpose to life.

world. bondage of sin."(See D. & C. 84:49The problems of life can only be

Due to priestcraft and transgression, 51.) solved in the light of the understanding

life, the principles basic governing ofthe inhabitants earth close of the the the priesthood to belonging Those pattern. this understandgospel With against themselves.heavens beMany, reflect occasionally should pause and

fit all into pating things harmonious a this, lose faith of incause the of some things great the known, upon made is justified, true faith tern, joy and and realities in true religion; basic butmost "salvation"the term without which

it is for be, is should derived. as Thisto love those the serve and Lord who little with meaning, but could have

is joy."that might have he With- "manin truth, righteousness the mysteries and life,"is "eternal of the an promise which

this pattern the beunderstanding outof the are revealed the through kingdom efobjective of every human worthy is there distorted, harof lack a comesgift the of and Holy power fort. Ghost—by things to proper not bear seem mony, do giftwhich and power men "may know all sin of great has ages been The things, rerelationships to other a with all things."ofthe truth the from Take all vices. of that of idolatry—the mother life faith, faith. loss sultant of Without of principle divine of the ChristChurch this the great reason, knowing and For meaningless, aimless with appears and itrevelation, imbe and reduced would in earth, influence the the of Satan Lord disconfusion, disappointment, and status. tomediately "creed"Dogma, first Israel: ancient to declared inevitable. content of teachings men,the soon would be

this cannot knowledge men Without doctrine. in for Faithtaught true the the thy which Lord have God, I am it life is in for things find the natural give soon Livingand would way God the of Egypt, out of land thee out brought

life. for to expect them hope and from of idolatrous or other formto some shalt of the of have bondage. house Thou

is It is that true veritably saved "man give before me. 20:2, Light to overworship. other 3.) (Exodus gods would no way

whelming darkness. Such was the case no faster than he gains knowledge,"and

for centuries prior to the restoration of The world has set up "other gods,"that "the glory of God is intelligence."

the gospel. but to us has been revealed anew: The religion of the Latterday Saints is

all superior to others it posbecause it is inthe so with with Church, As revelation greater sesses knowledge by Living true and God, whom 1. Thedividuals. has a from Take man who

It truth. pertaining eternal things of to "life is eternal"to know light, Spirit the the theseen of Lord,

said: live will truly has been "The man relationship his children, to us, gift His Ghost, of the the he 2.and and Holy

living."for best, best recipe the has who existing his in image, is and "other as made soon men."becomes He

with him in the spirit before the Take this revealed knowledge of... walking in his own way, and after earth was created for the benefit things pertaining to eternal life from us

the image of his own God, whose image is and blessing of his offspring and we are indeed poor. The world

in sublikeness world, the of the and whose lacks revelation divine lacking generally 3. utter dependence Jesus upon Our idol, is that oldstance of waxeth which an price this understanding. is no There of Christ, the Begotten "Only Son in shall perish Babylon, evenand Babylon in heart is honest wouldany man who flesh,"fall. Savior in as the our shall great,the D. (See God C. which &

if n't for things of these knowledge pay 1:16.) that the promise and Redeemer;

search could and but sure he were heirs""joint with he become may we find wildest the brave would it. He No brother can lose the Spirit, forFather, in the him of our kingdom

sake the ministry unto which he has through the power of the resurstorm, climb the highest mountain, ford been called, and still retain faith in the rection and our obedience to the the most raging torrent. There would

gospel of our Lord. Each priesthood gospel as taught by our Savior, be no peril, even at the cost of life that

bearer must therefore make frequent and restored anew through the would not be faced gladly.

search of his soul to learn whether he is Prophet Joseph Smith We are the possessors of this "pearl giving "... diligent heed to the words of great price."We must be eternally

of eternal life,"and whether he is strivWith the loss of the knowledge of vigilant to retain it, and the surest way ing to "live by every word that proceedGod, and man's relationship to him of retaining it is to live by it and teach it 42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B.

LEE, SPENCER W. KIMBALL, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCIdaho Initiatives Fail

KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS HPhe Idaho Civic Forces sponsored

three initiatives which were placed quently and under the inspiration of the on the November ballot, but they went

Lonhdentia I Spirit of the Lord and who plan in the down to defeat in the election. We are

interests of their quorums, are on the sorry for this and greatly sympathize rrmual IKeports way toward more effective quorum suwith those who worked untiringly for pervision. the success of these measures. One of

'"Phe reports from all the quorums The quorum presidency is remiss in them would have given "local option"should by this time have been comits duty which is not striving constantly to the counties in Idaho; another would

pleted, and the stake reports made to serve the best interests of its quorum, have repealed the law permitting the ready for transmittal to the general and to improve the effectiveness of its slot machine and gambling; the third

priesthood committee's office. Stakes presidency. would have tightened up current laws

not having completed their reports The responsibility of presidency is relative to the liquor traffic, and proshould make every effort to complete indeed great. The responsibility of hibited local advertising of intoxicating

them at once. Reports received too membership in a priesthood quorum is alcoholic beverages.

late lose much of their value to the great. In this the new year, it would be All these measures were vigorously

general office. most fitting for each member, and each opposed by the liquor interests. BillThe reports will reveal the strengths quorum president, to resolve that "each boards, newspaper ads, leaflets, the

and weaknesses of the various quotomorrow"will find him "farther than press, the radio, and other means of rums. It is urged, therefore, that they today."publicity were lavishly used, including

paid efforts of the receive consideration in the various of a delarge number all this, diligence, giving beside add And halfworkers. leadercanvassers andpartments of the next priesthood So many virtue; to faith to your and virtue knowlship meeting. It is urged that individual edge; and to knowledge temperance; and to truths and falsehoods were widely pubquorum reports be given early considtemperance patience; and to patience godlilicized that many electors became coneration in each quorum presidencies'ness; and to godliness brotherly kindness; fused and therefore did not vote at all

council meeting. These reports will and to brotherly kindness charity. For if on the proposed laws. The measures

prove valuable to the quorums only these things be in you, and abound, they were defeated not by a majority of all insofar as plans are laid and made opmake you that ye shall neither be barren nor who voted in the election but by a erative to correct any condition that is unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord lesus majority who voted on the proposed that these things lacketh he But is measures. not in the quorum. wholesome ApChrist.blind, forsee afar off, cannot hath and and

to the respective proach problems may The results teach a lesson—the need that his gotten old sins. from purged he was

vary from place to place, and there Wherefore the rather, brethren, give dilifor more education of the public, the may be varied degrees of effectiveness gence to make your calling and election longer time of preparation for an elecaccording to the approach. However, sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall tion, and more complete organization

presidents of quorums who meet frenever fall. (II Peter 1:5-10.) of proponents. Undoubtedly the great

majority of the voters in Idaho desire to others. None need suppose that he... work the works of him that sent you, good government, good laws, law enleast can do too much for the building up of while it is day. (John 9:4.) forcement, and the elimination—at

demoralizing agencontrol—of in earth. the the This kingdom of God Where would I be, without these strict cies. Yes, education hard by and work great requires consecration work and things? in citizens will yet rightminded win dedication. will the be Sad man who

neglects his solemn duty, while great Idaho. Let none of them be discourshall of those joy be the who devote cLadt Ujear and Jk 15 aged. their talents to the bringing energy and International Luther League

of souls unto Christ; who bear faithful HPhe year 1946 is now history. It has Speaks Out

witness of him in the earth. been an eventful year. It has been The following statement issued by

The priesthood bearer has special a year of great achievement for many the board of directors of the Internaobligations in this most important work. quorums of priesthood within the tional Luther League was printed as a

The priesthood must give leadership Church. If there are any who have paid advertisement in the Minneapolis,

thereto. The priesthood is the power neglected opportunities, this is an apMinnesota, Sunday Tribune of May

through which the Lord will accomplish propriate time to resolve that mistakes 19, 1946, by order of the board:

in slothful the earth. his purposes The of the past will not be those of the futhe are people young being made Our negligent will forfeit servant and his ture. insidious liquor advertising. target of They

blessings and lose the promise. The The Lord would have us look ahead. are being subjected to pressure from all

faithful servant will "enter into the joy"He expects that there be a constant sides to look upon drinking as an innocent of his Lord. The Savior said: effort toward the ideal. This requires habit. Even teenage boys and girls are

is result alcohol. victims of The in becoming priesthood each quorum make

I that sent that must the works work of him spiritual increasing an breakdown and an little this effort greater ever year than a it is the night while me, cometh, day: when inevitable collapse, indicated moral already

its perfecting the of the lives of toward no work. can man in the widespread prevalence juvenile of

members; toward an increased service; deliquency.

This is a good resolve to every brother toward a more united quorum; toward In the face of these conditions... the

in every priesthood quorum. all righteous endeavor. (Concluded on page 46)

JANUARY 1947 43 RHRDNIG PRIE1THDDD CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP suffering, sacrificial love, and death of music further inhibit the spirit of worOUTLINE OF STUDY our Savior, and (2) to renew the bapship.

FEBRUARY 1947 tismal pledge to be his true disciples The purposes of the sacrament "at all times and in all things, and in all meeting are enhanced most by quiet,

Note: This course of study is preplaces."(Compare Mosiah 18:8-10 dignified, reverent, orderly, and punctudirection the pared under of the Presiding presentation Bishopric durwith Moroni 4:3.) The primary pural administration, careful selection of for

ing the monthly meeting of the ward pose of the sacrament meeting then, is music, adequate attention to little youth leadership to be conducted by to worship by remembering and by rethings, tactful suggestions to those who bishopric in the ward. each Members shall newing sacred, our faith in the Lord Jesus speak, and by a simple,

Priesthood Aaronic comward of the

Christ. passadministration beautiful and and mittee the and committee for ward of

Latterday Saint girls are expected to Two other intimately related puring of the sacrament.

attend this meeting. poses should be kept in mind. People The purposes of the sacrament meetcome to sacrament meeting to be built ing are taught best by simply revealing

/\ur problem: How can we make up in the faith—to receive hope, comthem in the fine quality of the service.

attendance at sacrament meeting fort, encouragement, and inspiration Other things can be done too, however, more attractive to boys and girls? and also to gain a greater understandwhich will help boys and girls appreThe responsibility for what takes ing of the principles of the gospel. Each ciate the meaning of the sacrament.

place in sacrament meeting rests squaresacrament meeting should be planned We can also teach them the meaning ly on the shoulders of the bishop. and conducted to create the spirit of and purpose of the sacrament in places

Though the responsibility is his, it is worship, to build faith, and to increase other than in the sacrament meeting.

one all members of the ward should our appreciation of the gospel. A poor Each leader of youth should have a

share. For this reason we discuss it or mediocre meeting is one which fails good understanding of the subject himhere. Perhaps we can find ways to to realize these purposes; a good sacself. Then all of us, under the direclend tangible support and encouragerament meeting is one which fulfils tion of the bishop, might well ask ourment to the bishop. We may be able to them. selves: where are we teaching the

suggest how youth may find increased Boys and girls are naturally quite meaning of the sacrament to our young interest in this sacred service. idealistic, full of faith, and eager to people? Do we just talk to the boys

The interest of our boys and girls in learn. They can be responsive to the about their specific duties or do we

sacrament meeting will depend, we betrue purposes of a sacrament meeting. relate their duties to the overall purlieve, on two things: ( 1 ) the degree to This has been demonstrated. pose of the sacrament?

which sacrament meetings fulfil their Some things mar the spirit of worLet us not overdo it but as a group purpose, and (2) the extent to which ship. Often the worst offender is a examine ourselves in this respect and

youth is used to help realize this purlong series of announcements which decide just when, where, and who shall pose. neither promote worship, build faith, teach the fuller meaning of the sacraThe Purpose of Sacrament nor teach the gospel. Let us put them ment to all age groups in the ward.

Meeting on a bulletin board, on a printed page, Priesthood quorums, Sunday School, or take them to the homes of people. and Mutual Improvement Association

The Lord commanded us (see D. & Except in emergencies, they have no classes, and personal counseling afford

C. 59:9-12) to "go to the house of place in a sacrament meeting. Tardius opportunities. Check your courses

prayer and offer up thy sacraments ness, lack of attention to details, talkof study. Is everyone receiving a fine

upon my holy day."Central to the ing on the stand or in the body of the lesson on the meaning of the sacrament?

sacrament meeting is the privilege of hall by adults, unnecessary disturbances (Next month we shall suggest several partaking of the sacrament. This we incident to moving windows during the specific ways in which boys and girls

do for two reasons: ( 1 ) to remember services, an untidy or unclean meetingcan feel a greater interest in sacrament

the life, teachings, spirit, and also the house, poor ventilation, and illchosen {Concluded on page 52)

SHELLEY STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AND GIRLS'CHORUS

Combined Youth Chorus, representing all wards in the Shelley Stake, furnished the music for their recent quarterly conference. Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of

the Presiding Bishopric attended the conference and gave an enthusiastic account of the performance. Members of the Aaronic Priesthood and the Latterday Saint

girl groups practised in their respective wards for several weeks, then came together for three allstake rehearsals in preparation for the conference. The chorus was

under the direction of Lynn Barker. Over two hundred young men and young women participated.—Photograph by L. W. Bacon

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

PRESENT WARD TEACHING CHART OF ORGANIZATION OF

FORMS TO BE USED WARD COMMITTEE ON WARD TEACHING

UNTIL JULY 1947 Tn the past, the Presiding BishBISHOP op's office has supplied the WardChairmanCommitteeof wards with new ward teachers'report forms at the beginning of each calendar year. However, the

year 1947 will be an exception. FIRST SECOND

The press delivered the 1946 supCOUNSELOR COUNSELOR plies so late that to avoid waste it is thought advisable to use the present forms until July 1947. At

that time new forms will be availDISTRICT DISTRICT DISTRICT able to cover the period from July SUPERVISOR SUPERVISOR SUPERVISOR 1947, to December 1948. Thereafter, the forms will be prepared

to cover the usual twelve month period, beginning January of each WARDASSISTANTCLERK year.

HPhe ward committee on ward teachbishopric. The district supervisor

ing, as indicated in the above chart, should endeavor to relieve the bishopUjowth Speakcppeal is composed of the following members ric of as much of the detail work as is

The bishop, who is the chairman; his possible, following through on personal

WHAT I LIKE MOST ABOUT THE two counselors; three district supercontacts, assignments, and checkups.

(asof a secretary and the secretary (assistant The appointment WARD TEACHERS'VISIT visors; orthe completes sistant ward clerk) ward clerk).

(Excerpts from a talk given by The bishop, as presiding authority ganization of the ward committee. The

is responsible for the comDenzle Williams, a deacon. Name and the one responsible for the spiritual secretary

omitted o/ were report of and stake the monthly ward piling ward on a his of welfare temporal members, and to the Presiding submitted the bishopric, quoaid the basis, to when and is delegate the chairman. cannot He Bishop's clerk, office. the the ward and rums, ward

this others. counselors to authority His

should, however, share this responsibilteachers, with transfers, new arrivals, ity with him; and, as presiding officers in and any other information that will be

the ward, they will work together in of assistance in coordinating the work.

the promotion of the ward teaching It is the primary responsibility of the program. ward committee to see that each district

is thoroughly organized with a member

The ward should be divided geoof the bishopric at the head, a district graphically into three districts, with supervisor and a sufficient corps of each area having, if possible, an equal ward teachers that will only require number of families. One member of the each pair of teachers to visit a reasonbishopric should be assigned to each of able number of homes monthly.

the three districts, and he will be directIt is the duty of the bishopric to sely responsible for ward teaching in his lect the best qualified members of the respective district. Melchizedek Priesthood to serve as

To aid in the discharge of this reward teachers. All worthy teachers and

sponsibility, three district supervisors priests of the Aaronic Priesthood should be appointed, with one supershould be called to assist these brethren

DENZLE WILLIAMS visor to assist each member of the in ward teaching.

f like our ward teacher because he is that are sure somedependable. We

visit will our I like his attitude and friendly way priests'quorum and he takes his turn he during the monthtime home with the ward teachers'message. when he enters the home. He always in giving the lesson.

If it happens we are not at home we are shakes hands with each member of the I especially like some of the lessons, sure he will return at a later date to family from the eldest to the youngest such as tithing. After hearing that mesgive us the message he has for us, which and makes each one of us feel that the sage I was impressed with the impormakes us children feel the importance message is for us. He brings with him tance of paying a full tithing. I have

of the ward teacher's visit. a young man from the teachers'or (Concluded on page 50)

JANUARY 1947 45

doubt already licensed to do business in partnership with your government.

Why Spoil a Good Movie?

suggesting receive letters frequently We picturesBEHEBLDBlUs that motion should recommend we

Alpha Loader Jaques Lakebaby Jaques,City, littlebut afterhope Elderwas heldFranklinfor whichtures. weWe findhavefreenotfromundertakenobjectionableto do feathis

D. Richards administered to him, he because there are so few motion pictures

offered not the are marred to public which City,of Idaho Sugar immediately years to mend. began Some pity It is suggestion. great a harmful by

in the baseball later he played same is true. this that handcart Loader Jacques,Alpha President group with Grant. Heber J.

emigrant, pioneer, business and In 1876 Alpha Jacques was married Drunken Driving on Increase civic leader, was born in a tent on to Amy Ricks in the Endowment House The Deseret News recently printed a the plains at Cutler's Park a few by Elder Joseph F. Smith of the Counpress dispatch from Chicago as follows

miles west of Florence, Nebraska, cil of the Twelve. In 1885, in company Drunken driving remains a leading factor

August 27, 1856. Alpha's parents, John with Seymour Hinckley, Brother Jaques in the new higher cost of automobile puband Zilpah Jaques, emigrated from drove a team from Cache valley to Rexlic liability and property damage insurance.

England in 1856 with their daughter, burg, Idaho, his wife following on the A nationwide survey by the American

Flora. In their company were five sistrain to Market Lake (Roberts) soon Business Men's Research Foundation among

ters and a brother of Mrs. Jaques, toafter. Making their home in Rexburg companies writing this form of insurance

gether with her parents, James and for eighteen months, they then moved brings out that there is no question but that

Amy Loader. (See The Improvement to the new Salem community about five the postwar period has brought a tremen

Eva, December 1946, p. 790.) miles north, where five of their children dous increase in driving after drinking.

contracted the deadly diphtheria of that Ups Insurance Rates day. Receiving valuable aid from "Dr."The increase in drunken driving and the

Nick Wilson of Shoshone Indian fame, added cost of repairs, together with higher they saved all but one of their children. demands for injuries, have all combined to

Alpha Jaques hauled logs from force automobile insurance companies to rates. their increase

distant, thirty miles River, some Warm with insurance of companies Experience in to the first build church with which in driving the is in agreeincrease drunken the community. He was a school ment with findings of the National Safety

trustee for seven years and president of Council, which recently states that drunken the Salem Irrigation Company for driving accidents are at the highest freforty years. Until 1941, he raised sugar quency in history, the Foundation said, in

beets on his small farm, doing much of releasing the survey facts.

ALPHA L. JAQUES the thinning and harvesting of the beets Young Drivers

himself. increase, executhe of company Much

Becoming a part of Martin's handUntil his death at eightynine he had tives questioning, in to said response cart company, the Jaques family sufone of the best gardens in Sugar City found among younger drivers. A large shareis

fered untold hardships with their fellow each summer. Alpha was the second of this is attributed to readjustment and

emigrants. Grandfather Loader was child of John Jaques, author of the aftermath of the war.

buried at Ash Hollow. Flora Jaques words of the song, "O Say, What Is Citing comments of insurance executives,

died en route to Salt Lake valley, but Truth?"and for eleven years assistant the Foundation noted that drunken driving

her body was carried to the end of the Church Historian. (As dictated to and is one of the major factors in increasing

journey for burial. Arriving in Salt at the request of Leon M. Strong. the severity of claims.... There has been a

decided increase in drunken driving, not only in the older generation but also in the particularly the reas well, people younger and, cases, drunken turning G.I., NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN in many

( Concluded from page 43 5. We urge the support of our Christian driving has been an important factor.

board of directors of the International young people of the many temperance These executives cite the experience that

Young People's Luther League adopts the organizations which are at work in our claims arising from drunken driving cost the following communities to conquer this liquor companies from two to three and four times they rate. Courts the normal and juries, and to foster law enforcement menace the legalized vigorously oppose 1. We severe cite, increasingly are becoming and sobriety. liquor is sweeping traffic which an

ever greater of number American "The Voice"Comments: whereMuchdrunkenof the increaseddriving isinsuranceconcerned.cost can of youth drunkenness, into a stream

immorality, and crime. No nation has ever been able to drink be eliminated, they said in comments to the

police apathy Foundation, public prosperous. and when 2. protest vigorously treacheritself the We

is abolished. drivers toward drunken There is one way and only one way to liquor misleading advertising ous and

which is directed primarily at the youth "control"the liquor traffic and that is by Should not laws be made in every of America, presenting the use of liquor police action backed up by the power of state prohibiting a drinking or drunken as desirable and unharmful. public opinion. driver to be at the control wheel of any

3. We call upon the Christian youth of Legislatures cannot "legislate"morality. motorcar on the public highways? Alour land to take a firm stand, out of They cannot legislate health. They can pass cohol in the blood of a motorcar driver

faith in Christ and love for his rightlaws intended to reduce the prevalence of can easily and quickly be ascertained.

eousness, against the liquor traffic and disease. Thousands of lives are sacrificed anthe rising tide of intemperance. It is a probability that during the year

4. We extend the support of the young 1947, someone you know and love will be nually in this country because alcohol

people we represent to the law enforckilled, seriously injured, or have his or her lessened the efficiency of drivers at moing agencies of our various communilife placed in extreme jeopardy by the irtorcar controls. Should not a general

ties to combat and correct the existing responsibility of a hadbeen-drinking driver. move be made to lessen or eliminate

conditions. The man who will sell him the liquor is no this needless sacrifice?

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Brigham Young The new year was a time of cere prayer that the coming year

Concerning the Holy Ghost thanksgiving, rejoicing, and merrymight be a little less severe and rigmaking in the settlements the pioorous than the year that had just {Concluded irom page 5) neers established. It was their sinpassed away.

them. But the case is quite different

with those whose minds are not opened and instructed by the power of God.

Sermonizing, dividing, and subdividing subjects, and building up a fine superstructure, a fanciful and aerial building, calculated to fascinate the mind, coupled with the choicest eloquence of the world, will produce no good to them. The sentiments of my mind, and

the manner of my life, are to obtain knowledge by the power of the Holy

Ghost. Brigham Young, Journal of

Discourses, 1:89, 90.

New Year Celebrations in Pioneer Times

(Concluded from page 19) followed the musicians as they serenaded at the homes of the First

Presidency. At President Young's

home "the governor saluted the two bands with a 'Happy New Year,'and received in exchange some excellent music."

In the afternoon of that historic day, the Social Hall was dedicated, and—speeches,what a timesongs,of celebrationdrama, and itdancwas

ing.

For years the pioneers celebrated handles anything the dawn of the new year much as does everything.

in 1 853. the brethren Often didthey COATS

hired "PLUS handles man"dirt, gravel, sand, lime, cobs, anything—manure, in shooting matches,engaged the Thiscoal, loads, snow—it hauls, lifts, mixes, excavates, finger tip control from fills—by

the driver's seat. than just More "loder,"it gives a extras youlosers banquet. in speed; many for a paying

economy, ease of operation, including:

In 1855 during the New Year's "Miracle"Telescoping Frame, permits loading within a few inches

Day celebration in Social Hall, one of the front wheel, 3 foot loading clearance at peak of lift with 30% of the United States officials of the less strain on your tractor.

Noslip-nobind, tapered cone clutch. wood

lift, Double cable controlled preventsTerritory of Utah was invited to frame twist.

take part on the program. His speech All steel construction, electrically welded.

included these significant words: Automatic bucket control, prevents swinging.

Automatic brake, stops and holds load at any level.

I can scarcely realize that we are here, Strangest factory guarantee in the industry.

ten or fifteen hundred miles from civilizaFits any row crop tractor. Hay buck and snow bucket attachments fit loader bucket.

tion; midst the very and yet we are in

perfect the civilization but most onlynot of it, Askfor freeyourcirculardealer NOW.about the. EXTRA.. there'sadvantagesa Coats Loaderyou forget everywith a Coats Loader, or write

refinement. I am reminded of the words of make and type of tractor except crawlers...

Daniel Webster at a celebration of the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers. "The same MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

heaven is over our heads,"he said, "the OGDEN, UTAH same earth under our feet, but all else—how

changed."The same remarks may be appropriately applied to this territory. When

we consider that only seven years have passed since this people landed here with sufficientscarcely to food support them.. HOTEL LANKERSHIM OITER Wf crop, could raiseuntil they and behold a 7th ft RRORDWAY A COMPLETE

splendor, the the magnificence andnow RATES MODERATE SERVICE the ENGRAVING S. Headquarters in Los Armeies L D. thistaste displayed that occahas been on Operator FRANK Portraits to the Largest Missionary From

H. Manager R. BECKETT.WISHON RAYsion, astonished, and be wonder we may Catalogues.

and yet my soul ascribes it to the ProviMail Orders Given Prompt Attention LOS ANGELES that controls all of Being ''TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"dence Good who CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

his for glorythings wellbeing and the St. of 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah

his creatures.

JANUARY 1947 47 THE "VALLEY FORGE"

::::-:;;;::-:--V:::':':':;.:':: ':'::: ':!M&'X:'m:&.'7S

oirmonaomat A True Short Short Story By J. N. WASHBURN

an acre for it and estimated that he would get sixty bushels to the acre.

He gathered the corn and put it into bins. Then he advertised for pigs.

He got his pigs. It requires a lively imagination to picture what happened after that. In these days of

near meat famine we can at least

Winter Quarters on the Piodays when they were given assignenjoy the telling of the story.

Inneer Trail the sufferings of a ments.) Brother Young had only

stricken and homeless people three horses. These he hitched to his Tn that country there are hundreds

were almost beyond endurance. wagon and set out. The first night of miles of oaks, and the pigs feed

Winter Quarters has been called by he stayed with a wealthy man. A well upon the acorns with little

one man the "Valley Forge"of Morfine horse caught his eye, and he trouble and no expense for anyone.

mondom. Day after day the burial asked his host how much he wanted When Lorenzo Young asked for

wagons drove out to the pitiful cemfor him. hogs, the farmers began to round

etery with the broken and emaciated "That's Messenger,"the man rethem up.

remains of Saints whose strength plied, "and he's one of the best aniThey came singly, in twos, in had not been equal to the task immals I have. I'll take one dollar for herds. Before very long Brother

posed upon them. The usual diet of each mile I've driven him today."Young had all the hogs he wanted,

those driven souls was corn bread, He had that day driven Messenger a thousand head. They weighed

salt bacon, and a little milk. Scurvy, thirtyfive miles, and Lorenzo Young from one hundred fifty to four hunresulting from the lack of vegetables gave him thirtyfive dollars for the dred pounds. What do you think he

and fresh meat, was making such inanimal. paid for them? The astounding price

cursions into the ranks of the pioof seventyfive cents a head!

neers that it was feared before long \T17hen Brother Young got to St. Thus the Saints got their fresh

that all might be sleeping on the hill. Joseph, he found a condition food and were enabled to continue

It was heartbreaking. Daily there that he had not thought to find any their journey with some assurance of

came among them somewho had been place in Missouri. Whereas he had health. Did the Lord provide any

left behind because of the disregardexpected to encounter bitterness and more miraculously for Hagar in the ed promise of their enemies that they anger, he found friendliness and desert or for the children of Israel would not be molested until they some show of hospitality. How had in the wilderness or for the widow to

were stronger. They at least had the this come about? whom he sent the Prophet Elijah?

privilege of dying among their Some little time before, a family of There we have our formula: a

friends. Their coming added imSaints had left Winter Quarters and people in need, humbled, broken in

measurably to the burden and to the gone to St. Joseph. One of the girls spirit, and chastened to the dust; a

severity of the disease. of the family had obtained employgreat cause, worthy of the notice of

One day President Brigham ment in a tavern and had spread God; human longing and effort—efYoung went to the crude cabin ocword of the sufferings of the piofort that knows no place to stop;

cupied by the family of Lorenzo neers. Her stories had touched the sacrifice, and often suffering; dark

Young. "Lorenzo,"he said, "if you hearts of the people of the commuclouds all about that threaten to

will hitch up your horses and go nity. Some of them even offered to overwhelm; the prayers of faith.

down into Missouri, the Lord will give merchandise to the people on We have most of these ingredients open the way so that you can bring the plains. Brother Young, however, now. We can enjoy the help of

us some hogs and give this people soon gave them to understand that heaven today in our extremity if we fresh meat."It would have been difhe wasn't after charity. His was a will but put forth the effort that is

ficult to imagine anything less likely business trip. within our power. Let us emulate the

than that the Missourians would The first thing he did was to borfaith of our fathers at Valley Forge take part in any transaction that row a thousand dollars from a Jew, and Winter Quarters; let us give as

would benefit the Latterday Saints. and what do you think he did with they gave, work as they worked,

Nevertheless, Lorenzo Young the thousand dollars? He went out hope as they hoped. We may then

went. ( People didn't ask questions and bought forty acres of unharsafely trust to the future, that liberty

or do what they thought best in those vested corn. He paid four dollars will once more come.

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

On The Bookrack (Continued from page 40) LIFE OF SYNOPSIS JENS HISTORY CHRISTENSEN WESTERGAARD New Books For The New Year the Published by (J. C. Westergaard.

author. 1961 S. E. 26th Avenue, Port155 pages.) land 15, Oregon. In his book, TO WHOM years, his (he of ripeness the was IN IT CONCERN, MAY of eightyeight years 1946) March 4, age

Brother Westergaard relates in this book Marvin O. Ashton still

life of life his of the of the story and his "gets his arm around spirSaint Petrine. true In Latterday wife a

it, he tells of his early life in Denmark, his folks,"guiding them into the conversion Church, the new life and to the right path... struggles in America, as an emigrantmany

his later missionary experiences, the beginshowing where life's in Portland, Orenings of the gospel work faith, his active and better values lie. gon, largely due to

other intimate details of his many years. "Bigotry and intolerance

blessthe to forget enumerate does notHe plain, have made more scorched to a him. It is that ings have come

unvarnished tale well told which reveals earth than all the fires in to the thoughtful reader the strength of history."

"Mormonism."On his eightyeighth birthday, he wrote, "The closer comes the "We are all God's people

journey's end, the more highly we esteem or we wouldn't be here."

character and the less we grapple for riches. The nearer draws the parting day, "Stories are to a lesson

the more deeply we cherish the peace of an what raisins are to a untroubled conscience and the less we value cookie."

the superficial approval of man."That is

a good message to all, young or old. Everyone who dips into

—/. A. W, this book, even for aAUTOBIOGRAPHY OF

JOHN CUTHERS (18761946) page or two, will have $1.00.) paper Cloth $1.50, (160 pages. a wiser, more wholeof years age the about twentysixATauthor left his native England, where some outlook on life.

he was born of "Mormon"parents, for Utah

California. for book tellsand later The

familiar service of storysimple devotion and the Illustrated S3, 00 to all faithful Latterday Saints. After a

the sketch,brief biographical he gives story * *'"'* * * * village: his native Nottingham,of Arnold,

of prints letters writtenthen he a number in of his the course Churchto him work; NAUVOO, THE BEAUTIFUL UTAH, THE STORY OF HER

followed by a collection of his essays, serBy E. Cecil McGavin PEOPLE

talks, debates, and poems.mons, R. Dr. Milton Hunter The complete story of Nauvoo, from By is really Cuthers'Brother volume The stories, this authentic with Packed to land largest city swamp in Illinois Clearly, he of Remembrance.Book of furthe account to new the on present. Every reader has—and Utah—fromlived useful a wholesome, A. W. to period trapper of the Centennial L. D. S. life.—/. Church history or American

deserves place in every an important will find it interesting and worth YEARTHE COUNTRY

Illustrated. $2.75. home. Illustrated. $3.00. William Sloane while. (Mark Van Doren.

Associates, New York. 1946. *.* >f * * >f $2.75.)136 pages.

for the seasons as a frameworkUSING the publishers with his THE GOLDEN PLATES Order Your have begun poems,

Mr. Van Doren's spring poems and have By Florence Pierce Melchizedek Priesthood Text

longest with his poem,concluded "A Winter This beautiful is a book—a worthy

is stimulating. particularly addition toDiary,"which literafrom Utah's Centennial

One section will appeal to Latterday Saints ture. The cover is a rich golden color.

Subject matter:especially a selection from which follows: The Book of Mormon BDDKCRAFTfor 1947: story, with emphasis on the various Text stand... So, in December, we ourselves

ready. plates connected with it. Illustrated. DOCUMENTARY HISTORY

The season we have dared is strong and $2.00. OF THE CHURCH. Vol. 1....$1.50

.25 Outline heady, * * * Supplemental

Fielding Smith By Elder JosephBut there is man a weapon we can trust.

Five cellar shelves that were but layered THE TEN COMMANDMENTS Total $1.75

dust By Timberline Riggs (See order form below.)

confine neatness, to kitchen and wipedAre direct, In his simple, style, refreshing jellies will that soothe usClear when we the author considers the Ten Comdine: mandments, showing is BOOKCRAFT each how 1186 4. Salt City South Main, Utah Lake ripened quince, hardly andCrabapple, in necessary the of foundation sucPlease the send below: books checked grape, living. cessful Pocketsized an... It 53.00 To Concern May Whom the berry, shape every and from jamWith gift excellent $1.00. item. of History Documentary the Church,

jar; the against pressed cherries showing 1Of 51.75 Vol. Outline and

$3.00 the Beautiful tall Nauvoo, halfgallons the pears; and whereWhole x- x- * 52.00 Plates The Golden are, 51.00 The Ten Commandments other many their seeds; with and blunt These—and goldenTomatoes books—are Utah, the Story of Her People $2.75

at Bookcraft. ready lor you Check and of Promise $1.50 The Temple the early that groundwormsCucumbers

hunt. mail coupon for complete list. Payment enclosed. C.O.D.

Certainly, those who love the land will be Checklist of hereBookcraftif youbooks.would like a complete

delighted with this book; and those who

\ Name missing thatdon't will find they been have BOOKCRAFT will to hastensomething change and their 1186 Address South Main, Salt Lake City 4 minds. M. C. J. (Concluded on page 50)

JANUARY 1947 ON THE BOOKRACK (Concluded from page 49) biography of Franz Joseph Haydn by a cawriter gives us this appreciapable on music PLATES GOLDEN THE tion. lucidly deals those with The author Pierce. (Florence Salt Lake City, Utah,

1946. 195 pages. $2.00.) factors that shaped the destiny of the lad

priest turned the of from vocation and him this to of simulate book, cover made to his parents wished to which him become * the golden the plates which about book that of composer.

is is written, attractive should and most dd HPhe is to the gleaned There be from much it. inside people to of the draw book The for leaders parents those as or book who

is replete with cuts greatly enhance which is youth.3oudanad likewise there with work And

text. will the a very good book The make in to deterfor the gain of youth much way of Latterday Saints

to library to volume one's to add and own for mination, disregard endurance—and to others interested give the are in who poverty. C. M. J.

are Achieving Book of Mormon.

an The book will make RIVER SLEEPS especially ap- A NEVER pealing gift book. M. C. J. (Roderick L. HaigBrown. William Mor1946. Co., York. and row New STORIES TALKS BOYS FOR TO $4.00.) pages. 352 (F. Press, Cheney. Association H. New

it this will dote book, as on 1946. York. pages.) 356 Men

with yearround f does is dealingfishing—and reprint I 'his stories of well inworth

will insight fasinto the obtain an women vestigating teachers parents of and by f"fishing. lies in cination the that But book

girls, for are pointed they boys and and is it is of that, the kind keenest than more in lessons. teaching valuable muchneeded the to the introducing reader study, nature ip t will particularly Saints Latterday hapbe as of her through voice she nature speaks

stories at the inclusion of which some1wiDwvemevi py itself, river the wind, the various media:

is for that indicate not tobacco good young the the mountains, man. lakes—and particularly will collection people. be This live in city those For crowded who correspondthrough indirect building, in character helpful since

streets, this cannot be recommended book is in story the inherent the not and moral it a since the will reader give highly too offered courses ence tacked C. /. pointedly on.—M. of leisureliness sense and measured calm

J. by the Church UniversMY TALE IS TWISTED that all need today. M. C.

(Colonel Stoopnagle. M.S. Mill Co.,

ity. Write for free cataNew York. 1946. 145 pages. $2.00.) NO WOMAN'S WORLD

Crazily delightful, this book will afford (Iris Carpenter. Houghton Mifflin Comlog listing more than familymanytryingpleasantto outdistancehome minuteseach otherwith trythe rTTHispany, Boston.realistic1946.account338 pages.of "war$3.00.in the

written by who a woman it at its best and 150 courses. ingnot recommendto talk 'Stoopnagle."it for too longWhilea periodwe canor experienced* rough"wasthat war saw

for anything approximating steady diet, and its worst. The title might well be exit, "ill stit nagle might say gis ood should through to pass chor a one be called upon

affordBUREAU OF HOME STUDY stillfange."it's good for a change, or as Stooppanded to "No One's World,"for surely nc should complete book The experiences graphrecorded of the most so

Extension Division relaxationthose times andwhenplentyeveryoneof feelsfamilylikefunlettingfor icallybe read,in thisif onlybook.to makeThe bookall of deservesits readersto

down. M, C. J. determine that war must go from the earth

HAYDN—A GOOD LIFE anding it.set Ifaboutwar tois findto bea abandonedsure way ofasabolish-a way

(David Ewen. Henry Holt and Company, of settling grievances, women must take

New York. 1946. 245 pages. $2.75.) a big part in making the plans for outlawing

(JJtriahayiawi l/foiAna A artistsknowledgegives ofus thea keenerlives ofappreciationour great viewerit—and hopes,so No willWoman'sforecastWorld,womankind'sthis reof their contribution to the world. This dedication to the cause of peace.—M. C. J.

UlmverdLtu PROVO, UTAH WARD TEACHING (Concluded from page 45) spect and set aside anything that we tried to pay an honest tithing since he might be doing, and he in turn shows told me of the blessings that come from his respect by making the lesson short

IIIIIIC2[IUIIIIIIIIC3lllilllUIIIC3!llllll!ll!IC]|||||||||IHC: paying a full tithing. if any of the family has appointments

Another message that impressed me to keep.

ROHBOCK'S SONS wasto sincereon reverence.worship.ReverenceWithoutis it,theworkey couldI feelgo thatto him,if I andhaveheanywouldproblemsgive me1

EXCLUSIVE GROWERS OF ALL ORIGINAL ship is but a pretense. It has taught me good advice, and he wouldn't tell anyone

RICHARD DIENER NURSERY to be more reverent when I am in the else! Because our ward teacher comes

Seeds, Plants and Bulbs house of the Lord. I am sure that all every month, we have become very

boys that heard the message on reverclose friends, and we look forward to

OREM, UTAH, U. S. A. ence are better boys in Church. his visits. I have heard some boys say

WRITE FOR FREE CATALOGUE My ward teacher is always wellthat they didn't like the ward teachers 3IIIMIII!llli;3llllllllllilC31limilll!IC3llllll!tllllE]||lll! dressed, which indicates that he bebecause they stayed too long and talked

lieves he should be clean and neat and about everything but the lesson. But this

welldressed while doing the Lord's isn't so with our ward teacher. After

To Help... work. I hope that when I become a the family is seated, he gives his lesson,

Build A Brighter New Year teacher, and am asked to go ward then we have an opportunity to ask any

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teaching, that I will be able to go with questions we want to. Then he tells

12 Issues $2.00 a man just like him. each one of us good night, shakes our

When he comes, we try to show rehand, and leaves.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Scouts of the World (Concluded from page 21 cheerful smile. The Scout oath andlaw, with slight verbal variations in Guatamalan Petroglyphs

different countries, are known the world around. Scouting has been

inganized practically civilized every orAND THE Book of Mormon in thecountry world.

Scouting has been adjudged a including many Indian Legends that confirm the potential factor in the promotion of Book of Mormon world peace. At a recent gathering

of Scout leaders, one of our national By James W. LeSueur

Scouters stated that the final chap- (Author of "Indian Legends") ters of peace will be written around Mesa, Arizona scouting principles of the Scout oath,

Scout law, and world brotherhood.

The total active world membership is now over three million. More than Published For Sale by the author and

seventythree different nationalities By Dec. 15th

have adopted the Scout program for DESERET BOOK STORE $1.25 Salt Lake Citytheir youth. There have been Scout delivered

troops in Alaska and in India, in

China, and in Czechoslovakia—all

carrying—all strivingon thetowardsame basicand dedicatedprogram

to the same general ideals of useful living and friendliness.

Scouting has come to be an accepted program for any and all of the various religious, racial, and class groups of the boyhood of

America and the world. The idea of

"Scout Brotherhood"has swept around the world.

Scouting has promoted international good will and friendship, by emphasizing those points which nations have in common, not their differences.

HOME

By Miranda Snow Walton Oerhaps there is no beauty in the land * from which you came;

Perhaps it's just a barren place, but you love it, just the same;

Perhaps the house is not so much; it may be

just a shack, But it is home, and all you want is the joy Royal Baking Company of going back.

For is not home a land, nor place; home's Salt Lake & Ogden

not a house you own;

A house can be a prison to a man who is alone! heartsBut home is where two have loved, HAVE love cherished through the years;

Home is where a dear caress has healed 'THE VOICE OF THE tears. your pain and CHURCH"is where a dreamHome is born, where another's faith in you, IN YOUR HOME

Like a blessed benediction, gives you courage, holds you true.Home is something you are bound to by THE

affection's golden chain,And no evil dims its luster; time nor distance IMPROVEMENT

cannot stain.When the years are long and lonely, and ERA

the heart old to too roam.

Grant, dear in that God, some heaven, each 12 Issues $2.00

man finds his way back home.

JANUARY 1947

GREEN HILL FAR AWAY

( Continued from page 27 ) so high the day I crossed I liked to That meant he thought Pa had "Wake up, Lena, I want you to lost my team fording it. I shore hope tried to cross. Knowing Pa you

make the mush and feed the boys. I Joe ain't tried to cross since then."couldn't tell. Sometimes he-—he

am going to borrow a team."Rosamay was standing in the tried things, like carrying a calf once

Rosamay knew instantly where wagon holding on to the back of the when he couldn't make it lead. If

Ma was going. "I want to go, too."seat. When Ma turned quickly, she never, never saw him again, she

Then as her mother hesitated, her bonnet fell back, and Rosamay prayed he wasn't in this wicked "Please, please, let me go."saw her eyes. They made her feel river.

After a moment Ma said, "Get sick. While Rile was gone, Ma stood

ready then. I'll see if Sister Dunn "Then the river might have held so close to the water her shoes got

will let the boys and Lena stay with him up?"wet. Rosamay tugged at her hand

her.""It's the river you're worrying trying to pull her back. She might

Rosamay had never moved so fast about, ain't it? You don't expect as well have tugged at Lite Mounin her life. She was washed and him to run away, do you?"tain; then she tried just waiting, but

dressed in two shakes of a lamb's Ma sort of collapsed and pulled the swirling water made her so dizzy tail. She didn't look at Lena, but the bonnet over her face again. she was afraid she would fall in.

when Rile Neilson came driving into Rosamay knew she had been thinkShe moved back and sat on a big the yard with Ma on the seat by ing just that; but Rile, thinking he rock. Beyond that huddle of dark

him, Lena set up a howl. Ma told had hurt her feelings, tried to rocky hills was Manassa and way

her to take three eggs and go to smooth things over. beyond there was Conejos and the

Mortenson's for candy; Rosamay "He might have gone by Del flour mill, but where was Pa?

almost wished she was staying. Norte and the bridge,"he said, "but When she could not stand it one

When they left the babies at he's had more than time enough for minute longer, Rosamay started to

Dunn's, Brother Dunn said there that, too."cry. Ma heard above the roar of the

was no great hurry, Pa might have water. She looked at Rosamay as if

been held up at the mill, but Sister M,.a still didn't talk, but she hadn't known she was there,

Dunn said she would have been Rile didn't seem to notice. He went then taking her by the hand she

hunting him yesterday. on to tell how his wagon had overstarted walking along the rim of

They were across the creek and turned once when he was fording the canyon. Once they stopped and

on to the sandhills when Rosamay the Rio Grande, and he had to cut looked across to the other side mentioned the dog's howling last the team loose to save it. Then he where someone had camped not long

night. told how bad the gray wolves had ago.

a "That's bad,"Rile shook his been for a few years—as if Ma Rile came back. He had been

head. "That's bad. I left the mill didn't know. Once a pack had couple of miles downstream, he said,

Monday, and, if I'd a knowed Joe jumped him when he was watering but the sand bars were all under was in Conejos, I'd a waited for in the east field. He'd had to beat water, and he didn't see any wreckhim. Funny I didn't see him. A them off with his shovel. Rosamay age. When he looked at Ma, his

man's got no business driving alone wished there was a pack of gray face went gray under its sunburn.

these days. The Rio Grande was wolves right behind them to make He tried to talk to her, but she

this slowpokey team pick up its didn't hear.

tried to ford it heels. No—o, she didn't, either. "He could have

Aaronic Priesthood What if they went clean to Conejos without realizing how high the water (Concluded from page 44) and still hadn't found Pa? That was. I did that once myself. Them

meetings by greater participation would make a great howdo-youdo high walls are deceiving. If he tried

therein. in the ward. It would mean the end to cross, he is probably halfway to

of everything. Mexico by now."

Questions They reached the top of the last Ma heard that. "If he tried it,

1. What are the purposes of a sacsandhill. Ahead a dark gash snaked he'd make it across."

rament meeting? its way south. That was the canyon

2. Using a blackboard, list in two opof the Rio Grande; beyond it was R,.osamay's heart warmed.

posite columns: (1) things which pro- a huddle of dark rocky hills. Why, Pa knew more about rivers

mote these purposes, and (2) things They left the wagon and walked and teams in a minute than Rile which mar their realization. to the one place where the river wall would ever know, and he could

3. Why do we partake of the sacwas broken. One look at it and there swim, too, better than anyone in

rament? was no use hoping. Pa was gone, by town. But then if he hadn't tried

is relationship between the 4. What getting better back,"be other or the river "We'd way. The the—the

the sacrament? andbaptism three said it said at last, but he at frothy and Rile water the mouth was

5. When, where, and by whom is slapped at them like everything times before Ma turned. "I'll get

each group of boys and girls being when they went too close. some help and come back. Some of

taught the meaning of the sacrament? "I never seen it so high and wild,"us had better make a trip to Conejos

References Rile said, and all the bragging was to see if he ever left there."He

Read Mosiah 18:8-14 in conjunction gone from his voice. "I'll follow walked toward the wagon.

with Moroni 4 and 5; III Nephi 18; and down the canyon a piece and see "Goodbye, Pa."Rosamay said

D.&C. 59:9-12. what I can see."the words in her heart. This was

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Green Hill Far Away really goodbye. Ma, too, turned

for a last look.

A strong wind came puffing at them like a wave of goodbye from the river. Something—there was its something—moving with the wind

—there, among the rocks back from

the rim. Rosamay snatched her f. W hand from Ma's and went dashing

toward it.

It was something. With a loud

shout Rosamay took the corner of that something and pulled it from under the rock that anchored it. It

was Pa's big red handkerchief.

The wind had caught the loose corner and waved it at them. Ma had Yes, giving a gift of

it almost as soon as Rosamay did and Glade's fine Chocolates was untying the knot in it. Inside is superlative expreswas a piece of brown wrapping sion of esteem. It flatpaper with the writing made by a

burned match. Rile had followed ters any one to know

that you thought ofthem and over Ma's shoulder he highest quality whenread aloud you thought of her—

'Taken outfit by bridge, Joe."Rile or him. And you're alexclaimed, then "Paper in hat crosways certain... when

lumber."sen—got it's candy for a child.

Wasn't that just like Pa to tell...that Glade's is fresh

the news last? 'Magine him swimand pure—and good

ming that awful river with his hat on so tight the paper didn't get wet.

All Ma said was: "I knew he could

cross if he took a notion."

Rile must not have liked it 'cause she didn't get excited. "Do you

realize what that means?"he exploded. "He's been afraid to risk

his outfit so he risked his neck to keep you from worrying."

"You didn't need to tell me that. I

knew it.""Well, he ain't good enough to CHOCOLATES swim it when the water is this high."i*t CMlli CQMFftNT. ML I lfti CHIT. MU

Rile was still nettled. "He must

have put the note there four, five days ago, but no matter when, he took a big chance swimming that stream. Probably swum a horse

across and held onto its tail."

Going home was easy. Ma held You Can't Afford to Miss One Issue of

Rosamay close to her. and once

when her bonnet fell back, Ma kissed her several times on the forehead. Her lips weren't tight at all THE CENTENNIAL

but soft and warm. Rosamay felt

herself going to sleep, when suddenly, as plain as day, she saw her IMPROVEMENT ERAGreen Hill Far Away, and a singing went through her. She loved her

fancy name, for it was Pa's "choose."He was sure to bring 12 Issues $2.00

candy, flour, and lumber, and—and

now what was it about lumber?

JANUARY 1947 53 (Concluded horn page 38) THE CHURCH MOVES ON

MISSIONARIES WHO ENTERED THE MISSIONARY John L. Bench, Eugene R. Clarke, M. Ray Longhurst. Seventh row: Richard W. Stokes, Glenn A. Patten,

J. Butler, Francis William D. Christensen, Don M Sanders, Taylor, Evelyn Fourth 18 row: Norma M. DEPARTED AND HOME NOVEMBER William Johnson, Vernal Hathoock, Thompson, Le W. J. B. Jennie Robinson, Samuel New1946 27, NOVEMBER E. Joseph Nelson, H. Clegg. Gordon B. F. Lundwall, Josephine Nels C. man, Hill,Newman,Margaret Ada

Left to right, first row: Merriner LaRue Jones, Lundwall, Edward Bruce Wentz, Richard E. LundEighth row: Clifford E. Carter, Edgar L. Wright,

Cleone Rogers Stable, Metta Johnson, Genevieve strom, Ruth Shields, Mary Isabel! Crook. Arthur L. Preece, Donald I. Benson, Weston E. Porte/,

Salter, B. Effie director; E. J. Colton, E, A. Roothoff, Roothoff, V,May, Ralph Maria Sam John Don Lunt, Elvin Fifth Nelson, row: V. M. Wayne

Esther Clark, Robinson, P.Boman, Oscar Kay Ranck, Robertson, Oreen Neeley, H. Renee James Wood, Glenn J. RindlisDale Bodine, Andersen, Lloyd Hubbard M.

Archibald, E. Keele. L.LuDean David Crane. Wilde, Rue W. Beattie, Russell bacher, Chaston, Thomas A. N.

Second row: Dee Blanchard, Donald D. Lamoreaux, Henry Heal, Eva Ward Heal, Frank C. Davis, Reed Ninth row: Joseph Grant Stevenson, Sterling Loy

Lee H. Hendrickson, Donna Facer, Blanche Godfrey, R. Durtschi, E. Blaine Sorensen, Vance Campbell, Meldrum, T. Lawrence Oliphant, M. J. Tolley, ClarDahlia Louise West, Harry G. Willis, Adolphine Willis, Connie Oborn. ence E. Felix, Jerrol M. Boyer, Lloyd W. Brown, Edwin

Elfreda Strobel, Lowell John F. Bushman, Bushman, D. Oswald, Louis J. Bowers, Jr., M. Dean U. Sixth Garth A. Stephenson, Marion Swain, row:

Ottley, Louise Willard Rohbock, Christensen. H. Lindelof. H. F. Redford, D. Ashby Nelson, Dean Albert W. Robert

Third row: Christian Raymond Christensen, James Crosby, Nick R. Petersen, Kenneth J. Steele, Douglas Tenth row: Charles DelMar, John L. Willis, Alvin

Edward Holt, James Reid Davis, L. Glade Greenhalgh, W. Loosle, Blanche Jones Houchen, Ruth Ellen Hansen, Adams Gabrielsen, Maxel Stevenson Romney, Rusself

Albern Merrill Holyoak, Vaun M. Clements, Earl Ray Robert B. Anderson, Harold C. Yancey, George B. W. Miles, Emron Merril Pratt, Vay Simper, Nelh

McEntire, Burns Cox, Hannah H. Cox, Elvira Bench, Cart. Rupert Silcox, Clyde K. Rudd.

PILGRIMS OF THE WEST

(Concluded from page 22) into being between the Walton famdemanding dances of every pretty work. Just as she finished the row ily and the Indians. girl. Pandemonium reigned! John

she saw, from the corner of her eye, Smith pushed two girls with whom

Posey slowly rising. Her heart "pOR two years events moved hardly he had danced to a rear window,

leaped to her mouth, dreading what noticed to Pioneer Day, 1891. helped them through, quickly followhe might now do. Just then hoofThis being a big day in Utah and ing himself. After getting them

beats sounded, and Jane realized Church history, endeavors were home, he hastened to his own house,

Charles was returning home, and made to celebrate it as joyously as took his father's Winchester from that the Walton dog was with him. possible. There were a parade, the wall, and raced back. Everything

Posey became aware of these sounds sports for the children, and at night was still in an uproar, Tom Roach too, and realized his game was up. a dance, which the entire countrypushing and pulling in an effort to

Grasping his gun, with a blood side attended, the cowboys inviting get his dance. Smith leveled the

curdling whoop, he hurriedly tried themselves to be present. Since Winchester, but the outlaw, sensing

to reach his horse, but could not money was practically unknown, his danger, in a flash pulled Jane in move quite fast enough. The dog betickets were purchased with vegetafront of him. The report sounded,

came very much interested in the bles, which were carefully stacked and Jane murmuring, "You have seat of Posey's pants, was quite sucand later given to those in need. hurt me,"dropped to the floor

cessful in obtaining same, and Charles'father tuned his violin; dead. Suddenly sobered, Tom

Posey, sans trousers seat, with anCharles himself played the old parlor Roach rushed out, mounted his horse other yell, mounted his horse and organ. Bishop Jones added to the and galloped away. A posse of white

raced away. hilarity with his harmonica; John men was quickly made up to search

On hearing his mother's story, Rogerson called the dances. The for him. To show their love of the

Charles was gravely concerned, strains of "Twin Sisters"had died Walton family, the Indians made while all the settlers were thrown away, and it had been announced another posse, which Posey joined, into consternation, as they feared an that "Money Musk"would be the vowing eternal vengeance on Roach.

Indian attack would be made. Days next dance. Suddenly galloping The outlaw was never found, alpassed, however, and gradually their horses, shouts, and revolver shots though the Indians kept up their

fears were forgotten. Weeks later, were heard outside. It proved to be search long after the white men gave

Posey again came asking for food, Tom Roach, a notorious outlaw, acup in despair. Jane was gone, but to

and as he slid through the doorway companied by a friend. As Tom was her descendants she bequeathed

he averred, "Me no mad,"which very drunk, his friend endeavored to many noble qualities, such as kindcaused Jane and the whole village to persuade him not to enter the dance ness to all in need, an intrepid spirit be easy in their minds as far as Inhall. With an oath, Tom turned and with which to face the trials of life,

dians were concerned. Indeed, a shot his friend, and kicking him and unswerving obedience to the

deep and lasting friendship sprang where he fell, reeled into the room Church Authorities.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE JOSEPH SMITH MONUMENT AT SOUTH ROYALTON (Continued from page 18) ly for their evident kind interest, he prayer book, old newspaper, photoJunius Weils himself was as much quietly said, "Gentlemen, do you begraphs of their families or some such of a drawing card as his great prolieve in answers to prayer?"Some trinket. Before taking leave of the

cession. Everyone wanted to see this allowed maybe they did, some party, all lined up single file to pass

western gentleman who could order snickered a little, others looked by the table in the center of the room and direct such a stupendous piece ashamed and said nothing. Junius whereon sat a shiny copper box. As

of business. He was agreeable, haltwished them all a good night and each guest passed by, he or she

ing many times in the midst of his said, "I am going to pray about it."dropped the souvenir or article

busy directing to answer questions He did. His great heart burst forth its brought with him into the box,

popped at him by men and women petition to the Unseen. In all sincerThese, together with copies of the

who had come to witness this great ity and truth he asked meekly and affidavits showing the site of the feat. humbly for the help of the great birthplace of the Prophet and a

Some of the questions asked were Forgiver and Lover of humanity. statement concerning the erection of

personal. A great many had to do For some time the neighbors had the monument were dropped into the

with the thoughts: "What are these been congratulating Junius on the box. It was then soldered shut. In

'Mormons'going to do next?""Will fine "Mormon weather"he had the morning Junius took the box and

they try to run this country?""Who brought with him. Day after day laid it gently and reverently in the

told them they could come here?"was sunny, warm, and pleasant aperture in the base of the great

The question of plural marriage ideal for out of doors work. During monument. It was then cemented in

sometimes came up. To all such the night that his friends had left him and covered for all time with the big

gibes and questioning Junius Wells on his knees in fervent prayer to the base and monument above. It was a

never showed the slightest peeve or God in whom he so devoutly begreat thought of a great personality.

dudgeon. Every answer was prelieved, the thermometer dropped Some of the boys called him "Genius

saged by a smile or a cheery greetthirty or more degrees. The next Wells."

ing. morning when Junius arrived at the

swamp hole, it was frozen solid. HHE day finally came to raise theHPhe great caravan wound slowly The horses neighed, the whips great pedestal in the air and set

up the stiff grade along the narcracked, and without further ado, it down on end upon the foundarow highway by the aid of men, the great wagon with its load rode tions atop the "die"bearing the inhorses, windlass, toil, and sweat unover the hole without a hitch. scription record. A great crowd astil it came to the Mcintosh farm. When the foundation for the base sembled in the bleak wind on Dairy

Here it had to turn off across a of the monument was laid, an aperHill with coat collars turned up and meadow before reaching its resting ture of about two feet square was earlaps down. Mr. Howland, the

place on the Sharon knoll. Time was left in the center of the base before engineer who had set the big pillars

running short. It was definitely arthe upper base stone was laid over it. up in front of the Cathedral of St.

ranged that the dedication of the It was then that Mr. Wells called on John the Divine in New York, was in

monument was to take place on Dehis clerical help and had them issue charge. Everyone asked the same

cember 23, 1 905, the anniversary of an invitation to all the local celebriquestion. "How can he do it?"His

the birth of the Prophet Joseph ties, judiciary, lawyers, doctors, contrivance was so simple it was a

Smith, and it was now midDecem- merchants, and rank and file, bidding surprise to see how it was done. Two

ber. A little swamp hole in the them to meet him at his hotel for a uprights with a cross timber atop, all

meadow became a serious difficulty. party. Everyone was requested to safely guyed to "deadmen"set

Stones were dumped into the hole. bring some article such as a Bible, firmly in the ground, the pulleys

They sank from sight. An effort down from the crossbar at the top,

was made to build a corduroy road and twelve horses marching around timeacross but every the swamp like windlass turn the to sweeps it IN OLD NAUVOO on into the wentwas tried, down it threshing maold-time western an quicksand. As Junius said, "My By Georgia Moore Eberling chine, drew the big shaft up and up

heart sank with it."He was truly HPhe ghosts of those longgone still walk endwise until it swung free in the

* today that diddisturbed. often you see Not and slowly then let down It was streets of old Nauvoo. You hear the air. efThe spirit so His down.courageous that in had the exact spot placed tread

forts had failed. With all the horses Of heavy boots, and all the martyred dead been prepared for it. Not a bump,

and men at his disposal he had not Move silently along their unseen way. scratch, or chip—a perfect drop into

been able to cross the diabolical litThe river in its mist of silvergray place. The cap was sent up on the

tle swamp hole that lay in his path. Rolls restlessly within its mighty bed, pulleys to Mr. Howland to lay in

whispers of day, a bitter And now fled, friends gathered night some That in cement the head on a bed of fray. place of secrets Hints of dark an ancient

to him. asked, console They "What told that shaft. of the Junius him

are you going to do about it now, The world moves slowly on its crimson when he had the top laid, to signal

Mr. Wells?"Junius never showed course him by waving his cap.

peace, bigotry and to toleranceostentation about his religion, or From the one great When the signal was finally given, comes to know And slowly tried at any time to force his views Source the crowd started cheering, but only all conflicts cease. where Of understanding, of a others, deepbuton that he was set for back a moment. were They with Reason, calmeyed Love ly religious nature there can be no When their foot at the supon Wells heels by plants Force,

doubt. After thanking them cordialGod's plan will know fruition and release. (Concluded on page 56)

JANUARY 1947 55

THE JOSEPH SMITH MONUMENT AT SOUTH ROYALTON

{ Concluded from page 55 Lucy Gates the granddaughter of was not such a vast sum as viewed of the monument. He was waving his Brigham Young, and Bob Easton the in these days, but to the men of

arms frantically and shouting, "Stop! Metropolitan Opera tenor; the Junius Wells'faith it is a shrine of

Stop!"The cheering ceased and to soirees and all the other ceremonies inestimable value. Many people

the surprise of all, he fell upon his participated in by the Church Auwend their way up Dairy Hill to that knees at the foot of the monument thorities who came on by special spot to gain inspiration for their and offered a prayer—a prayer of train from Salt Lake City is all a work in life, and who shall say their

thanksgiving that he had been permatter of record. Junius Wells has faith is in vain? Near the spot where

mitted to do this thing. When he had passed on to his forefathers, but will the baby Joseph Smith was rocked in

finished, he jumped to his feet and long be remembered in South Royalhis oldfashioned cradle by his mothyelled, "All right, boys, now I am ton and Sharon, Vermont. Some er stands the tall granite shaft, pointwith you, let her go!"Then the people thought it was an extravagant ing steadily toward the blue vault of

crowd did yell and shout, "Wells, outlay of time and money to place heaven where God alone is supreme

Wells, hurrah for Junius Wells!"so great a monument in so remote a and where all races, creeds, and

The subsequent dedication servplace where it could be seen by only tongues are equally subject to his ices; the beautiful singing of Emma a limited number of people. Its cost mercy and justice.

LET'S TALK IT OVER (Continued from page 20) kiss isri't enough! Perhaps you have fine, full power of our own ability to

ant. If their sense of good taste gets in noticed that I have been dieting recare. It takes some of the ecstasy

the way, they may not want to make cently. Do you know why I never away. I believe firmly that "smoochan exhibition of themselves in pubeat a piece of candy? One piece of ing"with someone for whom you

lic, and if their feelings are at all candy wouldn't be so terrible—even don't care, is even more dangerous

sensitive or protective, they may not on a diet. But experience has taught than getting in a little too deep with

risk loswant the word "smooching"applied me that if I eat one, I want—and one for whom you do. You

to a sincere expression of their feelprobably take—ten. So with a kiss ing much in the last instance, but you

to begin with in ings. one calls for more—much more. never had anything

little And the long view at your age, or Somewhere along the line,—in all the first. In the long run, my

it defender of "smooching"would bealmost any age this side of marriage, decency,—one has to stop. Then

is that all this probably will not last. is exactly as if a fast racer were better off without her date. Even

It is impossible for anything to stand brought up abruptly against a right now she'd probably have a still, and since this thing can go only strong, taut, finish line. The line great deal more fun popping corn

so far, before it must stop, the will neither snap nor give, as the around the living room fire with her chances are that both will get tired ordinary finish lines does, and so the younger brothers and sisters.

of the "stalemate,"and it will all racer is knocked out. Romance

"blow up."should not be a dash. Speed has to I"WRITE you all this because usually,

be controlled sufficiently so that but not always, it is the boy who 'T'he mother knows that under the either participant can stop abruptly initiates the idea. In general, you are

intense modern stimulation of without anyone's being greatly inthe aggressor. It flatters a girl to

movies, books, dancing, cars, it is jured. To change the figure a bit think that you want a little loving

very natural for the romantic interemotion can be as deadly as a fast from her, and she may not want to est of the average boy and girl to car—unless the person at the wheel offend you. But, on the other hand,

develop rapidly and to find quick can keep it under complete control. sometimes a boy thinks that a girl

outlet in demonstration. What hapAnd who of us can be sure of that? expects it, and that if he doesn't try

pens may be something like this: If "I like my boy friend—but not too something, she will think him a comit is the first love experience of either well,"says our young correspondplete "dud."There are all kinds of

as there are all kinds ofor both, they may feel very near and ent. "I can handle this. I'm not gogirls—just

boys, so it may be that some girlsdear and wonderful. They feel a bit ing to be swept off my feet—he

responsible for one another and perdoesn't mean that much to me. A expect this type of attention just as it

fectly sure that they have found the little of this 'come hither'will keep may be that some boys are unwilling right one, and that some day, in the him at my call so I can get around to take a girl out who will not coopernot too far future, they will marry. and see other boys. This way, I may ate. But I am banking on your desire

They feel that never will there be meet the right one. And all the time for only the best in life, and I am

another whom they could care for I'm waiting, I'm having a very good counting also on the power of my so much. At first, of course, they time."young friend to "grow up"and look

just hold hands, or if they are in the Well, is she? Can you have a good ahead, and when I say that, I don't

back seat of the car, it's late, and time playing around with someone think there is any lasting satisfaction she's feeling tired, her head is on his who really doesn't mean anything to in "smooching"for either of you shoulder. Then they decide that a you? It isn't quite honest, and disfor any of you.

goodnight kiss would be all right. honesty of any kind harms the perYour sister Jane once said to me

And then, in a very little while one petrator—first and last. It dulls the that she didn't actually like all this

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will, of have course, mapped. You LET'S TALK IT OVER

this journey. plenty of on company

loving. Oh, it had its pleasant side, about as I do, only he is willing to But remember, that one doesn't albut she really wanted to save her risk more—boys seem willing oftenways want, need, or profit from too

kisses for the "one and only,"and er than girls. Now, how do I not much company because it may be

"if you are actually going to do that, kiss him and still not hurt his feelthat you will see beauty where others you really have to wait until you are ings? How do I not kiss him and yet are blind, hear music where others

sure—wait and wait."She said it leave him liking me even better, I are deaf, and have inner yearning

with a little shamefaced laugh behope?"which the crowd's mad dash cannot

cause she felt that the remark A hard one? Perhaps. I'm not so satisfy. Instead of racing along with

branded her. Some of us older womvery wise—but, I do know that if the world, you will have to be a little

en who have had the satisfaction of they both like each other, it can be choosey, and discriminating—even

loving deeply in marriage could undone. The heavy hand is out. It reslow. I hope you will walk with your

derstand her feelings, but it would quires a light touch. The girl who girl friends—not asking too much of

atprobably laughed been have by first started of the series in answers, happy a them yourself—just it is friends nabecausemany of her "I never kiss was, of which sample to let them good company—contentor of

tural for the young to want to be part anyone unless it's exactly 3:16 on know you as you are and discover

of popular thinking. She also said Monday morning,"had something. them as they are. I hope you won't

that she thought most girls indulged But it's been done so much that its overextend yourself lest the journey because they were not only confused freshness has vanished. It is nothing becomes wearisome, or you miss its

but also a little bored. but a "line,"and is so recognized. A best parts, or you arrive unfitted for

To me, it seemed a decidedly touch of humor mixed with warm your destination.

troublesome idea that our own lack sincerity—a girl's own way of anDoes all this seem too fanciful to

of vitality and enthusiasm should swering—is the best. you? If so, we'll try again. To be

lead us in paths which inevitably end Betty's reply appealed to me, "I worth while, a friendship should in still less life and energy, in comthink I'd probably like it very much, bring out the best in both of you plete boredom. With this in mind, but if I shouldn't, I just don't want that is one of the ultimate tests of

it would seem highly intelligent for to find it out tonight. I want to keep love. Love is not really blind. All

boys to take out girls who are interyou wondering about me."the virtue it sees, actually exists and

just prettyesting and and vital—not its stimulation under develops warm is of the there too much Maybe

for Ittantalizing. smart seem would puts blinders on "smooching"it. about "comeon"have She may—butgirls rested to themselves and keep all. If friendship without us grows it clearer, to herself but since make

I if late resistant. wondergay and aid of caresses, the too many it we true, essentially serves well washours—(ending in early hours)—until a more definite move becomes come to know and understand each

don't bring us nearer to that dullness necessary. other unenslaved by our senses. On

calls for theof which body mind and lot the of other a honmiss hand we I it I tell this think because you of "smooching"?drug lives in feeling est romantic our by understanding. make more you may I getting say, "You're hear can you too early senses our drugging and to put won't Perhaps a girl you want this, seriouspretty Mother."about satisfied too can Emotion be much. like spot."the Let try "on you me serious, to yet tooI don't seem want if in wit happier good and ways it this to say way:it believe real to gives concern me this greatest to are brought adsense

that youngsters the reason main life. vast of venture enYour own girls jCriendship between boys and is are not they loosebreak because gaiety great should lend ergy and is or not so and men much women to smart enoughquick witted and this to help happier journey, race ending, a as a mad we way—particuentertain- of betterthink a form up if I feel, as about do, you all lasting in loveliness of the hope, is lazy thement. "Smooching"fu- "there's no larly"smooching"—that true marriage. journey This be may out. It takes energy,couple's way it."in ture at times, long, loying venturesome, unyour and Mother wit,tolerance, quick nature, good

and real tact to handle the situation.

True, not every girl or boy possesses these qualities—but they are qualiHOLE IN THE ROCK

ties worth working at. (Continued from page 17) "I've not forgotten a thing,"he

cedar berries, and held a promise of cried, leaning down to take his wife's

JANE tried to pin me down once on warmth for the journey. hand. "I'm to report what the wommethods. Kumen Jones, a young man of en are wearing, what the prospects

"Now, Mother,"she said, "Just twentyfour, lithe and graceful in are for getting some leather for use your imagination a little. Here spite of his illfitting pioneer clothes, shoes, and cloth for new dresses.

is Dick, and here am I. I like Dick. maneuvered his horse to the low, I'm to deliver the contents of my

I hope Dick likes me. He asks for a white gate of his mother's home, right pocket to your friends, Mary,

goodnight kiss. I don't want to kiss where she and his wife waited to tell and the contents of my left pocket to

him. I like him very much, but somehim goodbye. The sprawling log Mother's friends. Anything else?"

how I don't want to kiss him. Maybe house back of the gate was little Mary smiled up at him, knowingI'm afraid I like him too well—maymore than a thin shadow in the gray that a quirk would be tugging at

be I'm afraid I don't like him well dawn; but the two women in their the corner of his lips, as it always

enough. I don't know exactly how white wool shawls made a patch of was when he was happy. It was all

he feels, but I think maybe he feels light that guided him. (Continued on page 58)

JANUARY 1947 57 I

HOLE IN THE ROCK

{Continued ivom page 57) At the door, Sage Treharne that kept his face from being too turned and said crisply, "I carriedAS MAN EATS serious, and it was never quite efthe scraps for this quilt across the faced unless he was displeased or plains in my bustle, as you very well AND DRINKS angry. know, because there wasn't room

We believe that, in large meas- "Poke fun if you like,"she said any place else. I've hoarded those

ure, as a man eats and drinks, laughingly, "only don't forget to few silk scraps for years, for Kuso is he. nature For food, has bring me a present. Flowers, remen a wedding quilt. I don't want of the given sun and us fruits

soil. These are priceless treasmember. They'll be blooming down to be another dozen years getting

ures, to health conducive of there."them quilted!"

these, mind. Besides body and

we need no stimulants. "I'll not forget, my dear. And I Mary closed her lips on an impaYou who agree, will be interhave a real surprise planned, if I can tient retort. Sage was old and set in

that drink delicious ested in a get it for you. ask And don't a to any her ways, and it not up was

is grain from and fruit. made you'll questions,"he warned. "Or to< her. daughterin-law question But delightful, this wholesome And

beverage contains no caffeine, get nothing."it was sometimes hard to be obedient

other stimulants, or narcotics. They laughed happily, and Mary and domestic when spring was just

FICGO is known to millions of stood on tiptoe to kiss him goodaround the corner.

people who think sanely about food and drink. It is made of bye. She opened the door for Sage

treeripened roasted barley and Treharne, and, together, they went with you, Kumen,"Sage "Go on

It is figs. California a boon inside. little said, their piqued at a to Treharne noncoffee drinkers admitwho

tedly, and rightly, enjoy a confidential voices. "You're as anxthe the street from [)own Jones* their hot drink with wholesome ious to as that be off badmannered

meals. can Wholesome FICGO at house, mother Mary's was riding. He'll you're paw my as recommended be freely a horse

healthful drink for the whole gate down if he has to wait any that minute deciding that the best family. longer. Goodbye, and hurry home."way to spend the time, while her

LEONARD H. BALLIF, President Mary loosened her clinging fingers husband was gone, was to make a

California Ficgo Company from Kumen's hand and waved to batch of soap. Her "Yense"didn't

Los Angeles, California him as he rode off, galloping like the smell of stale grease and after the fifty other horsemen alashes lye, but she loved it. Her

ready out along the way. "What a nostrils fairly itched for the frugal

of. the feathery morning!"she cried, filling smell. And she liked the sight

her lungs with the clean smell of curlicued old cracklings as they spring earth. "How I'd love to be melted to a velvet liquid in the lye

riding away in it as Kumen is."bath and went rolling from circle to

center of the big, potbellied kettle

Centennial Sage looked at Mary in wonder. that hung from a tripod in the back

There were times when she could see yard, with fire flames lapping at its

Headquarters why her son had married this Danish sides. girl of so much vitality. That feathThroughout 1947 Utahns ery business, now. That was exactly This was going to be a good year,

alike tourists predicted, getting materials her she and will the the air seemed. Kuway Maybe Temple Hotel the make for soap. the together had There after hadn't a mistake men made headquarters their Squaie and, of plenty snow, an now, all. been real this liked well of Centenmorn- She scores Mary for the

nial events scheduled in ing. early spring for the planting of

Salt Lake. We welcome "We'll get the log cabin quilt into crops. They were surely blessed.

However, heartily. you the enthey hardships After had it the out again beframes have and disappointment, to avoid it setfor years, to dured was good fore said. back,"gets she Kumen please make won't you

live. just would and They down in isn't well reservations in for a a tle "There your house room

advance of your visit? man and a quilt at the same time."prosper this year—barring drought,

Thank you "There will be in my house,'crickets, floods, hailstorms, and InMary said quickly. "Or else I'll not dian raids!

Hotel Temple make quilts."She laughed a rare, crisp laugh,

Sage Treharne sniffed. "Just you and lighted the fire under the big

Square try it once, my girl,"she advised. kettle. Yes, it was good to be alive!

Clarence L. West, Mgr. "You've got a lot to learn yet."Elsie Nielson was a small, capable

Her thin, straight nose was quivwoman, unassuming and quiet, lovering with vexation as she hurried ing her home and her family and toward the house. her Danish husband inordinately.

Mary followed. "I wish I could Where other women were Mrs.

ever remember to think first and talk Bullock, Miz Duncan, or Sister afterward,"she sighed. "I always Smith, depending upon their posiseem to say and do the wrong things. tions in the Church, or in civic afWhy do I, when I want so much to fairs, she was the town's Aunt Elsie.

please?"Owing to the prominence and de58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOLE IN THE ROCK pendability of her husband and her other reason why she'll be there, pride in him, there were times when Mother,"she said. "The town's

she hardly remembered that she had folk say it is because Arabella is goanother name. ing to have a baby."TODAY'S GREAT

Not having had any sons of her Aunt Elsie was scandalized. "In

own, her love for her daughter's husmy day young girls didn't talk about CAKE FLOUR VALUE band was second only to that which such things,"she said sharply, forshe lavished on her "Yense."Mary getting to skirt the mud puddles. In a New Package was married to such a good man, she "And besides, what could that have

said often, and someday Julia would to do with Mary?"Right Size

be, too. she then would have And say, "Influence, they Mother. Right Price forsons enough any woman. And Silly, isn't it?"Getting answer, no

that was something to be thankful Julia hurried after her mother in Right Quality for. Of course, she had to remind silence to the Jones'house. Then,

herself, Julia wasn't married yet, but "Here we are, Mother,"she said THOU;,,//

the man she would marry would be briskly, "and Sage Treharne is lookgood, like Kumen and her papa, ing out of the door."

"Yense."And just as soon as she "She would be!"Aunt Elsie mutgot her soap made, she and Julia tered. "We've talked along until we

would go up to the Jones'house and are late, and Sage can't abide people work on Mary's quilt. Which, of to be late."

course, wasn't Mary's quilt, but

Sage Treharre greeted them withKumen's, according to his mother.

"Elsie, the remark, do you know A6ffeffier#fi4ny7}'fbe/ Aunt Elsie poked the fire angrily. that a is going to have Ann Decker

Sage Treharne almost never spoke baby?"

if it Life anything asof were Mary's An Anchor for Modem guiltily. started Elsie "Well, Aunt

quilt.not Everything even a was THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it?"last of she snapped. what "Her

she, mother,Kumen's. Mary's And

is old, years a 12 Issues has one and she twowas pretty sure that she knew why. $2.00

perfect right to have another one ifShe wasn't the town's Aunt Elsie for she wants to."nothing! She had been told plenty

about how Sage was worrying over "I know of some that have not had

Mary's not having a baby. But what even one yet,"Sage said pointedly.

of that? Men could live without sons, "But come in, come right on in!"

couldn't they! Julia looked quickly at Mary.

Measuring and stirring, with the What a cruel thing for Sage to say.

vehemence of her thinking evident in Mary's face was scarlet. She beevery stroke, Aunt Elsie made her gan to quilt rapidly, but her eyes

soap, tasted it for sharpness, rubbed were blinded with tears, and she it between her fingers for blend, and pricked her fingers till the blood ran.

pronounced it done. She scattered She dabbed a bit of white wool from

the fire brands under the kettle and, the edge of the quilt to her finger brushing the smudges from her angrily. Let them talk! What should

hands and apron she went into the she care? Arabella had told her

house. many times that it didn't matter what

An hour later Aunt Elsie and her people thought and said, it was all daughter Julia were on their way to in the way you took things yourself.

Sage Treharne's house. But Arabella had her children, two

'I don't see anyone else going toof them. It was easy for her to give

ward Sage's house, Mother,"Julia advice. She had never been the subremarked, looking up and down the ject of their measuring eyes and

street. "Do you suppose there will speculative tongues. Please, please

be some others there?"God, she prayed, let me be as others

"Goodness, I hope so!"Aunt Elsie are. Let me win Sage's love by givexclaimed. "It will be dull if there ing her son a child!

isn t. "I'll bet Arabella Smith will be Dretending to be tired of quilting, there,"Julia said. Mary went to stand at the win-

"Why, of course she will,"her dow, wondering who would break mother agreed. "She and Mary are the silence that had fallen at Sage's

bosom friends."unkind words. But no one spoke.

Julia took her mother's arm afThere was the click of scissors, the fectionately. "I think there is an- (Continued on page 60)

JANUARY 1947 59 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 59) couldn't do her woman's part by givslow deep breathing of restraint, ing her husband a son.

and that was all. But there was alMary's eyes flashed as she turned

ways one shining hope for her. Soon from the window. They had no right

she would be living in a home of her to keep talking about her all the time.

own, alone with Kumen. There it Let them like it or not, Kumen had

stood now, framed in the window married her. Nothing, nothing in all

like a picture, needing only the doors the world could take that assurance and windows for its completion. away from her. She tossed her head

How proud she was of it! She and and went back to the quilt, but

Kumen had moulded every brick and through all her life she remembered hewn every timber that had gone the bitterness of that hour with its into it. It would have glass windows frightening implications.

and a board floor, too; and few pioInto that mood came the news

neer houses had those luxuries. Soon crier's voice. Louder and more tershe'd move from Sage Treharne's rifying with each racing step came

log house—three rooms in a row the cry: "Deseret News! Deseret

into her own home of brick and lumtelegraph News!"

AMERICAS FINEST ber, and for the moment she was Dimly and far off, as though it had

IN ITS FIELD... happy. But try as she would to have come out of Kumen's yearlong

faith, to hope that she would have a dream, Mary heard young Henry

XTOW is the time to start child, there was the dull conviction Lunt's words: "It's a new mission,

those ten little fingers that she never would. And without Sister Jones. Another new mission!"

roaming over the keyboard children a house was never home. The quilting needles flashed in

of a piano. And... that Poor Kumen, Mary sighed, tracthe last cold rays of the sun that slid

piano should be the new ing a pattern in the soft slivers of past the red hills. Night settled upon

sill, the of the wood perhaps window the town, spreading a physical Betsy Spinet. Ross Your

he'll wish, that someday, he had to their oppress gloom already heavy its children will adore eyeof married the pretty one hearts. Welch vulture flew the roof over A

fit filling size it will into... girls his mother out. to pick wanted into to tops the wait and shadows

any room and harmonize As it was, Sage never let her forget the onslaught of a new day.

with any decor or color that she was a big Danish girl who ( To be continued) schemes. The practice periods will be pleasure. HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED

{Continued from page 15) over fifteen hundred miles, the leadabout the country to be entered but er looked down upon the Salt LakeDAYNES illustrates and explains the methods valley, and exclaimed, "This is the MUSIC CO. used by the Pioneers, intelligent place,"The Pioneers were prepared

A Complete Music Store people, on the long trek to the "valfor the tasks awaiting them. There45-47 So. Main St.. Salt Lake City 1 ley,"and in reducing the "great fore, they conquered, they had the

Convenient Terms Arranged desert"and "great sandy plain"to world's knowledge of the place, the needs of communities of men. It meager as it was, in their possession;

is characteristic of Latterday Saints and they had brought with them *1 to expect help from heaven, but also enough of tools and food to begin the to be prepared to use it practically work of conquest.

when it is received. It is equally true Preparation for their work was a you have used our Costumes

YOU KNOW THEY ARE THE of their belief that by selfhelp they first factor in their work of redeemBEST for your play or opera may best invite divine help. ing the desert. That is the first lesproduction.

"\X7hen the Latterday Saints set son taught by the Pioneers.

INTERMOUNTAIN COSTUME CO.

Salt Lake City, Utah out from Nauvoo, they knew II 10 ROOMS FILLED WITH SPLENDID they were going into the heart of the The Conquerors Come COSTUMES Great West. Just where they would

settle had not been finally decided. 'J'he evacuation of Nauvoo was

But they were certain that when the forced on the Saints in the dead winter. of place the leader found, company, was headed The first New Features... right

ferried followers Brigthe across by know. and the would John Smith,

For Your Enjoyment ham Young indeed declared that in a Mississippi among ice floes on Febvision he had seen the place of setruary fourth, eighteen hundred and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tlement, even to the location of the fortysix.

temple. He would recognize it when John R. Young, a lad of nine

12 Issues $2.00 he saw it. years, awaking from his night's sleep

So it happened. After a trek of amidst much hustle and bustle in the

60 *THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Church. join the main body

settled in the pioneers who HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED The house, saw two men carrying out the states of the Union. Members were Great Basin of North America were,

household goods and loading them also won from European groups that therefore, a mixture of many nationinto two wagons. "My mother looks had settled in the United States, alities.

pale, and when I ask her 'What is such as the Norwegian settlement of These conquerors of desert places the matter?'she takes me in her arms, LaSalle in Wisconsin. The British were generally of the stout middle

kisses me and says, 'We are going to Mission, opened in 1837, and the class in nineteenth century society, leave our home, and will never see it Scandinavian Mission, opened in such as farmers, tradesmen, small "again.'1850, brought through the years a merchants, and a sprinkling of

Other companies, from Nauvoo flow of tens of thousands of new schoolteachers and other professionand elsewhere, followed in steady Church members. From other Eual people. In the middle of the last

succession. he temperature fell. ropean countries came believers in century college training was very

The river was frozen over part of the the newfound gospel, though not in limited; yet the Church gathered in

time. But the evacuation continued. such large numbers. Whatever their a number of college men. As in every

Soon the westward trail through origin, the new converts sought to {Continued on page 62)

Iowa became a highway. The

Church as a whole was moving to the promised but unknown place of peace in the West. cX (D. S. iBjuudnsLdudu settlements were made Temporary

on the way, where the earlier companies grew crops for 4ater ones, and otherwise arranged to help the moving Saints. The chief of these was Mastery of a useful

near Quarters, what is nowWinter skill is a long step to- a veritable where Nebraska,Omaha, temporary city was built. ward financial indeIn the spring of 1847, Brigham pendence.

Young led the Pioneer party over the plains and mountains to the valley Enroll now for the Winter Term. Day and evening classesof the Great Salt Lake, which he

... excellent staff, buildings, and equiprecognized from his vision to be the... low tuition

place of settlement. ment.

Thenceforth, until 1869, when the Write for detailed information railroad came, there streamed across the plains orderly companies of "Mormons"bound for the Utah L D. 5. BUSINESS COLLEGE

haven. They came with ox teams, 70 North Main Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City 1. Utahhandcarts, and on foot. The whole

story has no parallel in the world's history.

Suffering there was and plenty of it among the emigrants. Birth and

death became commonplace on the emigrant route. A monument in

Omaha honors the memory of those Salt Lake's Newest Service who laid down their lives on this march. It is estimated that six thouVOCATIONAL COUNSELING

sand emigrants found their graves Designed to help you determine the type of work you are best suited for from the by the "Mormon"trail during the standpoint of earning power and selfsatisfaction. We employ the latest scientific

twentythree years following the setmaterial to give assistance in choosing the proper vocation.

tlement in the Salt Lake valley. Psychological Tests to Determine

INTEREST PERSONALITY APTITUDEX17ho were these people—the inSpecial Attention Given High School and College Students in suggested courses to

trepid "Mormon"pioneers of take in order to follow the work they are best suited for.

the intermountain West of North SERVICE INCLUDES: COUNSELING to OTHER people who daredAmerica—the Personality Emotional Problems and charted scarcely the unsettled enter Social, Educational Child Problems—Emotional,wilderness to make their homes? Domestic and Personal Problems

The founders of the Church, and Day and Evening Appointments the first converts, were mostly Amerback pedigrees running with icans to \l. E. PERSONNELLAKSENCONSULTANTS CO. settlement Engthe early of New

land. As the Church grew, converts 140 WEST 2ND SOUTH WE EMPLOY QUALIFIED, UTAH PERSONNEL PHONE 5-5708 or 7-7018

were gathered in from the other

JANUARY 1947 61

ing to careful planning by the HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED in great contrast Church. This was

{Continued page from 61 Different in origin, as were they to helterskelter, the travel hurried group there ne'erdo- were some life's training, experience, they and other of seekor gold homeseekers wells, but they few, were qualities in since had some common. ers the trails to along or CalOregon life did not lend "Mormon"much

truth. lovers of were Nearly ifornia. They left the Before people Nausatisfaction to people. such

all of them, only after long inquiry voo, they were organized in comBrigham Young took two years to panies, each with officers to lead, make up his mind about "Mormonguide, or restrain. When the major

to the new message, and more difficult crossing of the ism"—yielded

and then because doctrine for docplains began, the word of the Lord trine they found the scriptures and came to Brigham Young, outlining in "Mormon"claims to be in harmony. detail the organization of the emiThose alone to whom truth loomed grant companies. The emigrants

large would make the sacrifices rewere to be organized with "captains quired, parting with old and cherof hundreds, captains of fifties, and ished beliefs, facing contempt and captains of tens, with a president and ridicule, separating from family and his two counselors at their head."

friends, and often adopting a new They were further to covenant that land with new ways. That same love they would walk in "all the ordiof truth explains today the educanances of the Lord."No military

tional growth among the "Mormon"movement could have been planned people, now second to none in the or executed better. The successful

world. moving of a whole city, and of innuThen, they had a common purmerable people later, over desert and

pose. They were to prepare the mountain, under conditions strange

world for the Lord's coming; they to the travelers, is an achievement

were to build on earth the kingdom second to none in history's annals of God; they were, because of their It was made possible not only by

acceptance of truth, a chosen peoskilful leaders of huge natural gifts, ple; they had a mission to perform. but also because the people were of

To have available three meals a day high intelligence and were so certain and the other usual creature comof their destiny under the gospel forts would not satisfy them or be banner that they were willing to conthe end of their existence. They had form to the regulations laid down.

a spiritual purpose. Whatever they The conquerors of the desert were

building, or explorfitted for the task before them. They did—plowing,

ing, was done to establish the kingwere strong men and women.

dom of God. With such a common

a disturbing problem Many now vanished; differences purpose, minor SAYS the countries the of world would the as forward people one moved "Recently the Newmont Mining

if vanish a purof had Company, the nation's men common one largends. desired to accomplish body er mining companies, announced pose. into States United came The intention developing is minits irresistible. a group always Such

eral in groundof Utah. should certainWe the being the majority of because desert, of the the taming encourage to outside For capital them more

take a hand in development of our resources. For each dollar of ore or other huge tasks, could have no people of the colonies were united in

produced, 90c stays in Utah."terror. They had the courage born their desire for liberty. Within our

of the conviction that they were on own age, countries have suffered the Lord's side. They were ready to irreparable shock, through division

surrender themselves and all they among themselves. Even evil gains

had to the cause in which they bestrength when many men support it.

lieved, which was the common cause A group or a nation united upon a of the pioneers. By such surrender common righteous principle will in

a group is always victorious. the end be successful in solving its

countries problems. do many When

It vision, took faith, courage and will so, the world's problems be SS METAL MINING INDUSTRY city to Salt in the project a great= solved. condition, happy OF UTAH That when P

Lake valley, before a dwelling house was built, or to lay the foundations it comes, will not mean the end of of the four million dollar temple, independent thinking or free speech.

IN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS while sagebrush still grew in the Nor does it mean restricted action.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple streets of Salt Lake City. But this ilBut it does mean that whatever is

sore throat and other minor mouth lustrates the unique quality of the thought, said, or done, should in the and throat irritations. people, which made them conquerors end contribute to the common purto migration complete Utah a higher and freedom. "Mormon"moreHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah of the desert. pose, which in our land would mean accordproceeded orderly and be continued was ( To )

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 33) During this time, while the exand Alphonso Young, James Empedition was being formed, the permett, George D. Watt, and Daniel secutions of the people reached an

Spencer were requested to go. unprecedented height. At last, the

"Voted the above persons to be life of the Prophet was seriously ennotified to meet with the council on dangered. For his own safety, he

Friday evening next, at the assembly left Nauvoo, and as would appear room. from the records, intended to go

"Willard Richards, Clerk."* westward himself, to explore the

Two days later on the 23rd of country. He was recalled to Nauvoo

February, the Prophet met with the before the journey had begun, and,

Twelve concerning the expedition. on June 27, he and his brother Hy-

"I told them I wanted an explorarum were foully assassinated.

tion of all that mountain country... There can be no question about

'Send twentyfive men: let them Joseph Smith's intention to move the

preach the gospel wherever they go. Latterday Saints to some favorable

Let that man go that can raise $500, spot among the Rocky Mountains. 10

a good horse and mule, a doublebar- After the martyrdom, the Twelve, The Salt Lake Tribune rel gun, onebarrel rifle, and the with Brigham Young at the head, other smooth bore, a saddle and took over the leadership of the Presents 1947 bridle, a pair of revolving pistols, Church. The death of Joseph Smith

bowieknife, and a good sabre. Aphad not stilled persecution. An Through the 365 days of 1947, you

beatpoint let them a leader, and from was inevitable. up exodus Nauvoo and your family can be kept fully everyfor volunteers. I want man places of refuge Several were prethat goes to be a king and a priest. sented, as Texas and Vancouver Isinformed through the pages of the

he the mountains he gets onWhen with Joseph's accordance land, but in Salt Lake Tribune. This complete

talk with to his God;may want west the prophecy, then unknown

when with the savage nations have among the Rocky Mountains was newspaper brings you five great power to govern, etc. If we don't get chosen, and the memorable westwire services, the nation's leading

volunteers, wait till after the elecward migration began.

news analysts and columnists, ation. Brigham Young in all that he did,

There was no lack of volunteers. repeatedly admitted the leadership local and intermountain staff

over twenty menWithin a week in the journey had of Smith, even Joseph trained to present all the news comexpedi-volunteered."proposed The valley. Salt For to Lake the Great

tion was widely known. In a letter example, this on March 16, 1856: pletely, accurately, promptly.

written to James Arlington Bennett, has been Prophet Joseph "The Richards, 4, 1844, WillardMarch to, referred prophecy and his that Keep abreast in 1947 by subinstruction, Prophet's theunder this leave and people would Nauvoosays, "We are now fitting out a scribing now to the Salt Lake in of the Rocky the midst planted be to explore Oregonnoble company it fulfilled see 7 Mountains.... Tribune. in carrier If you are We 11, California."Marchand On

it the to people long declared was the Council to spokethe Prophet contact served territory, your left Nauvoo."u we securing desirability of "a before theabout

resting place in the mountains, or That the famous trek from NauTribune carrier. If you are in

some uninhabited region, where we voo to Salt Lake valley was a fulfilthe mailing area, send your not detract does prophecy, of ment liberty of conscience enjoy thecan of subscription directly to the achievement glorious the from Constitutoguaranteed us by the tion of our country."8 Anticipating Brigham Young and his fellow piocirculation department of the

admitted he repeatedly That thethis Prophneers. movement, westward gave Salt Lake Tribune, Salt Lake it, publicly privately, and and Congress, sent toet also wrote and

"An Ordinance for the Protection of the Prophet proper credit, rather enCity 1, Utah.

the Citizens of the United States hances the greatness of the foremost

Emigrating to the Territories, and pioneer. President Young's loyalty

for the Extension of the Principles to the Prophet was always unsullied.

of Universal Liberty."9 This docuTo him, the Prophet was the great

ment, which Congress ignored, was restorer of the Lord's eternal truth.

clearly designed to protect the miHis own magnificent work in cargration of the whole people after a rying out the prophecy, subduing the suitable location had been found. desert, and finding peace for his

people, made him one of the world's tibid.. VI:223 A. W. B ibid., VI:224 (The national election would be held really great men.—J. followingthe November.)

ibid., VI:223227 uSee also B. H. Roberts, Succession in the Presi-

'ibid., VI:232 dency of the Church, Second Edition, pp. 113117

8ibid., 261 VI: Journal of Discourses. 111:257, 258. See also IV:

203: 1 275 VIII:356 e ibid.. VI \y

JANUARY 1947 63 URPHGIm Cart Before the Horse "Sure—where"Won't you dropdo myyou coatwantoffmein totowndropwhenit?"you go?""I'll tell you when we get there—I'll be inside it."

The High Cost "I've put a fortune into my daughter's face!"

"Plastic surgeons'bills mount up?"

"No. It's her appetite that keeps me broke."

Secret Diplomacy

Actually, women keep secrets as well as men—it just takes

more of them.

The Answer thing—blindedNature couldn'tus tomakeour ownus perfect,faults. so she did the next best

Robert L. Walton, son of Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Walton has a most He Didn't Give Two Toots

unusual number of grandmothers.

They are, top row, left to right: Mrs. L. J. Storer, Mrs. William WalThe young man entered a jewelry store to buy an engageLyle Walton. ton, and Mrs. ring. John ment Storer, Herd, Robert, and Mrs. Fred Mrs. Mrs. Mark Front row: picked up a sparkling diamond and asked its price. He greatgreat-grandmother his of his birth Herd the time Johnson. At

was 79 and his youngest grandmother, Mrs. Lyle Walton, was 36. "That one is one hundred dollars,"the jeweler replied.

The young man whistled in surprise. He pointed to another

Reynolds, Georgia ring"Thatand one,asked:sir,""Howsaid aboutthe jeweler,that one?""is two whistles!"

Dear Editors:

Just a word to thank you for such a magazine as the Era. Not Reason Enough

contact to to the of living Church near branch enough any said the girl to the you?", I refused you why know "Do

is of like the General the one from other members, Era a visit him. that her just asked to marry had man this for wonderful Authorities. and thank you God we And think."can't "I

... messenger.

right,"sweetly. "That's she said family Susie and R. Cotney

-- Economy Plus A Mouthful AnSomeoneeconomistwho canhas bea plandefinedto domanysomethingways: with someone else's

"You take another mouthful like that,"said the stern father, money.

"and you'll leave the table."A man who tells you what to do with your money after you

"Another mouthful like that, Dad, and I'll be through, anyhave done something else with it.

way."A man who can save money by cutting down on some other

person's expenses.

Gentle Hint "You've been a pretty sick man, and you're not very strong It Always Works yet. Try to be careful."When you need a helping hand—try the one at the end of "All right—and you remember that, too, doctor, when you your own arm.

send your bill."

Style Note ''Where There's A Will..."As for many years past, next year will find little change in

Some people are planning a Scotch vacation again this year men's pockets.

staying at home and letting their minds wander.

It Always Broadens Something The Wrong Approach "They tell me Jones has traveled extensively. Has it broad-

"The thing for you to do, young man, is to forget all your ened his point of view?"

troubles"Gosh—-andand buryme yourselfa welldigger."in your work."versation.""Can't say that it has-—but it's sure lengthened his con-

s$ri

Utah Stake r/./. A., ProYO, Utah, boasts one hundred percent attendance of all the Junior M.I.A. girls between the ages of 15 and 76 enrolled. The

Stake Rose Bouquet was tied November 8, 1946. Bach of the ten wards previously tied the bouquet in the individual wards. There were one hundred sixteen girls in all. Sister Zelma W. Colton is president of the stake Y.W.M.I.A.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To a man counting the days

Just waiting gets on a fellow's nerves, we know. But cooping

yourself up won't speed the welcome word—"IT'S HERE!"

So until your new car arrives, let Chevron Supreme Gasoline help you have more fun in the old one. This great premium

gasoline will help restore pep the old car lost long ago.

Wherever you go on Chevron Supreme, your car gets a gasoline that's exactly right for local driving conditions.

To make this possible a special Chevron Supreme is "tailored"to fit each different climate and altitude zone in the

West. So, whether you drive a

prewar veteran or a sleek '46, it's good going on Chevron Supreme Gasoline.

CHARGE IT... that's the modern,

easy way to buy. You can handle

STOP AT THESE SIGNS carwithexpensesa ChevrontheCreditsameCard.way,Goodtoo,

FOR STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS everywhere, apply for yours today,

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

Xtftt: set tit:,.,., Si sssa: -:.f::,:..'*.:;':..::;:;,:.::,'''..;::.;..';.

.:

"'Wpi

RAMPART OF PROTECTION

Through cloud and storm, sunlight and darkness, here is enduring

protection -- breaking the fierce rush of the wind... catching the

snows of winter... providing countless needs for those who live

in the valleys below.

For your "world"-- your home --you can erect a rampart of protection... and the safest, quickest way is to carry, NOW,

sufficient life insurance.