-> - *s V%"T| V ftkl

inV V DV Every shade of cooking heat

... from simmer to sear

You'll have plenty of hot water

To prepare meals that make you proud of your cooking, for all the family's needs when you need just the right temperature, the instant you want you install an adequate size it. Today's modern Gas range, with a thousandand-one automatic Gas water heater.

shades of cooking temperatures, instantly gives you any cooking heat—from a gentle simmer to a searing flame.

Economical to buy, install and operate, a modern Gas range is efficient, clean, dependable and flexible. With a

wide range of cooking temperatures boilovers are more easily controlled; nonclogging and nonrusting burners

are easy to remove and easy to clean; burners light automatically—heat is instantaneous.

Visit your nearest appliance dealer and inspect his display of beautiful new automatic Gas ranges. GASMOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Try These Delicious

- 'V * Crackers By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A delicate, golden brown, A recent estimate places the number slightly salted and flavorof still cameras in use in the United

States at thirtyfour million, of which ful, they're so good you 2,100,000 are thirtyfive-mm. and bantam type. There are threequarters of can't quit eating them!

a million eightmm. motion picture Perfect with soups andcameras and 325,000 sixteenmm. cameras in active use. About three million salads... wonderful with

people own equipment capable of taking flash pictures. spreads.

T f all stars were at equal distances from the earth, their apparent magnitudes would represent their true relative brightnesses. If the absolute

magnitude is taken at the standard distance of 32.6 light years (a light

year is the distance which light can travel in one year) the star Rigel in

Orion's leg would outshine any object in our present night sky except the moon. Rigel is 20,000 times brighter

than our sun. Sirius, the brightest star

in the sky, is actually 8.6 light years

away, but at 32.6 light years away

would only be a fourteenth its present brightness and no longer conspicuous;

the shift in its apparent position (parallax) as the earth goes around the sun would be 0.1 second of arc or about the

angle which a penny subtends at 25 miles distance.

HP en million bushels of hybrid seed are now needed annually to plant the sixtyfive million acres of hybrid corn in the United States. This seed

is purchased from seed growers and not obtained by picking seed ears from the farmer's own best fields because secondgeneration seed yields only about eightyfive percent as much as firstgeneration seed which comes from the doublecross- ing seed field.

/"** ermaned thearchaeologistssynagogue athaveCapernaum,excavatprobably built in the second or third century A.D. It seems certain that it

was built on the foundations of the synagogue mentioned in Mark 1:21.

/"fficial Soviet estimates place the - in of children number 1950 atpurity JOMl HOUSe Crackers secondary tending elementary and schools in the Soviet Union at 37,000,- 000, with an increase of 8,000,000 in the PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix last five years.

FEBRUARY 1952 65 THE MUTUAL SECURITY ACT OF 1951

Tn the half century since the United

States of America became a world By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

power, a succession of acts of Congress Head of Political Science Department, have been passed having increasinglyUniversity o/ Utah wider ramifications. The Mutual Security Act of 1951 (Public Law 165, 82nd

Congress, First Session) is one of the most significant. The sweep of adtasks are! His duty is not only to

ministration authorized thereunder will maintain the security of the United affect, directly or indirectly, every huStates, but also to build up military man being on this planet—with the strength in nonRussian countries from

emphasis tending towards the direct, tired and (all too often) unwilling corather than the indirect, influence. operators; to produce economic union

Under its terms the United States in western Europe; and, in short, to

undertakes a broad program of military, remake the face of the earth, and the economic, and technical assistance "to way of life of its peoples, particularly friendly countries."The statute, in and in "backward countries."The program

of itself, carries an appropriation of is so stupendous as either to stagger the

I seven and onehalf billion dollars imagination and extol its ambition, or ($7,535,750,000.00 to be exact: $6,013,- to cause one to remark with Puck,

000,000.00 for military aid, and $1,522,- "What fools these mortals be!"

economic and of Gen750,000.00 to all threeI uide

technical aid). C. Fremont's eral John

famous expeditions to Created to carry out One of the ultimate Gthe far west, trailblazer Kit the provisions of this questions is, of course, to I played an imperishable part statute is one of the newreckon and determine the in early day history. Already est and most powerful role of sentient man's

a veteran trapper at the age agencies, the MSA (Mudeliberate choice in afof 20 he had ranged as far tual Security Agency). fecting the political and

west as California. As a huntNamed as Mutual Secursocial destiny of the huer he was without peer. His ity Administrator, and man race.

marksmanship was unerring. virtually a proconsul-

Comrade and friend as well propraetor for the nonSoviet world, as guide, he was truly a was W. Averill Harriman. Already, To believe too much or more than is

figure deserving of his well before 1951 had closed, Mr. Harriman's warranted by the facts of life is to be

earned fame. power (and American influence) was visionary, disastrously so. But to bedemonstrated in averting a French lieve too little, less than is warranted

cabinet collapse and in maintaining the by the tools at our disposal, and to act

I.oday people all over the government of Rene Pleven in power. with less than courage within the range

west use a new kind of guide Such statutes and such power require of existing knowledge, is to be stupid to point the way to family more wisdom it would seem, and more and deny the nature and destiny of security: Prudential's "Dolknowledge, than existing twentieth man. We, the people, have to judge

lar Guide"the famous system century men usually demonstrate. what is feasible.

that lets you quickly plan the * *. * * *

right kind of life insurance Other forerunners of MSA, earlier you need to give your family than ECA, were UNRRA (United Naprotection at the maximum Rehabilitation Relief Agency and of tions at Let the ancestry us look briefly lowest cost. of and the a creation wartime alliance), parthis immediate development. The

To see the "Dollar Guide"ent of the MSA was the Marshall Plan before that, the LendLease Administraand of 1941. Before tion 1941, RFC mail the coupon below. agency, Cooperathe ECA (Economic

uticredits were ExportImport Bank in April created tion Administration), 1948, by the Foreign Assistance Act of lized. And before that, in the dear,

days (almost) beyond recall, pri- T that year. When, to the Marshall Plan, dead

private capital and vate from Treaty's Atlantic the North added was the investors flowed around OF AMERICA COMPANY PRUDENTIALINSURANCE banksglobe—in Atlantic Treaty Organ- (North NATO INSURANCE COMPANY A MUTUAL IIFE sterling, of the days pound when ization), the (Techthe Four""Point and

ruled the waves. and Britannia MSA plus of Assistance) nical programs 1949,9*w!a agencies, its as predecessors, government Assistance Defense the (Mutual MDAP

Prudential Insurance Company things) that other (1) (among created the Detypify Program) by Mutual Office Western Home the in strength productive American Terminal Box 3424 of fense Assistance 1949, Act October California Angeles Los 54, is of the the sphere marvel economic it overnatural that an only was

I'd like to see the Guide "Dollar of world the heart the basic world and all, agency coordinatingand-combining

Name would be required. economy; (2) that much of the world

agency, the of 1951 is The MSA possess; and strength such (3) that as we

is Averill the man. HarrimanI AddressCily -State- W. has acquired an appetite for material if not its politicaleconomy, the world

Consider how simple (!) his statutory (Concluded on page 69)

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Si "The Greatest Book Ever Written"by Fulton Oursier and Any 2 of the Other Fine Books Shown Below

The Famous Author of "The Greatest Story Ever Told"

Now Retells the Fascinating Story of the Old Testament

Here is a masterwork conceived in faith and written with courage of narrative incident detailing each sweeping and the Old love—a

simplicity, character each powerful with Testament in 1 it all will all his his again greatness. and read infamy and describingYou

again, each time feeling new joy in experiencing the Bible in your own familiar language. You will discover enchanting new beauty

and meaning in every chapter; perhaps many things once obscure

will be made wonderfully clear. Indeed, Fulton Oursier has put all his

feeling, passion and divine belief into "The Greater. Book Ever Written."

Published at $3.95, your copy pf this inspiring book will come to you

as your first Club selection for only $1.89 if you decide to join the Family

Reading Club now. And in addition, you may choose any two of the

other fine books shown here as your FREE'Membership Gift. Thus you

get three books for only $1.89 when you join! Read, below, how the

Family Reading Club brings you the finest new books at bargain prices.

Then mail the coupon to join, and get your three books without delay!

30TH ANNIVERSARY ThorndikeBarnhart READER'S DIGEST READER

DICTIONARY DESK CHOOSE the of than 100 More WE really book. comprehensive A articles bestknown entries, 700 Contains 80,000 IWO OTHER in the printed ever pages. illustrations, New900

Reader's on Digest—accuwritten, upto-date, lyr rescience, medicine, Books You rate. synonyms, Includes

etc. cream ligion, The word complete anronyms,

the world's most oriof in With Want gins. Life featured Recently

1 magazine popular $2.75. ed., Magazine. Pub.

THE GREATEST GREATEST EVER TOLD STORY IN BUCKSKIN DOCTOR EVER THE BOOK (lllust. AMERICA ed.) COOKS Allen T. D, By The Browns By Oursier Fulton By WRITTEN"

exciting story of over 1600 An this life joyous Now of a finest the Northwest of—of has reJesus been all

his frontier states doctor and of the 48 recipes—theContainseach set, in beautibound for $189 bride, they mouthwatering from and how fulcloth red and

favorites lived oldfashioned only worked and illustrated superbly in taste deto Indians the modern to among 7"10"in color. x

in I lights. be Should the Teropen Oregon size. gift. Ideal as a

kitchen. every ritory. ed., Pub. $3. edition, Pub. $5.00.

WHY THE FAMILY READING CLUB MAKES THIS UNUSUAL OFFER I MAIL COUPON NOW!

unthis bound. makes Club Beading delivered your Family books And will be to your WRITTEN"GREATEST EVER BOOK a "THETHE usual offer door the membership demonstrate to to by how postmanready read! LISTED THE BELOW OF BOOKS ANY TWO enbest the and most brings you ClubIn i Free Books less "Bonus"for only the atjoyable membership than pubwith—allandthree books $1.89 muchthe new

lishers'select editions! retail to Founded and President's Lady rj The Greatest Story distributes The Reading Family Club The a i

distribute interworthwhile, are books which lllust. Ever ThorndikeBarnhart free for four seleceach "Bonus"Book Club Told—D i being without entertaining, objecesting Cooks America and Dictionary Desk will tions take. These high the books you meet D

the intionable Family Reading way, Club any Reader's Digest in Reader Doctor Buckskin interest, of excellence, Club superior standards G n for! looking been Each have is Just you what writing subject you wholesome matter—and and 2-ER, Dept. CLUB, READING N. Y. MINEOLA, FAMILY believe they submit books publishersmonth this library build at can no a home up way

at Please once send Greatest Ever and Written"Book "The me standards.will Club the Reading Family meet of purchase extra expense. books the from fineThe only for I other three the books checked above—all have two select they reccan the book Editors thenOur of for $1.89 only the pubeach—instead Club I enroll the Also $1.89. of Club Family as Reading a me member to enthusiastically members. mostommend $4.00—. retail lishers'of prices regular $2.50 to of the Club's me, review send each forthcoming a month, and your every of are which member books IThese dollars. of your saves to book And you 25C> 35% I notifying privilege selection. of the in advance have you in retained to your can befamily read—books is of Books figured the value the Bonus when to iftheI selection, wish not alternate or accept any do book—at I pride. library withhome as actually In, save as you much 50% price special (plus of only and postage each $1.89 members'

What Membership Join Now—Send No Money I handling).accept as fewThereas fourare noselectionsmembershipor alternatesdues or duringfees, andtheI commay

I free will ing a receive twelve Bonus months. As a member, To You Means believe I If in club will a you which book apselections accept. four with each club alternates or I Book of finest instincts to peal every the of member is in for the charge membership There no I If redelighted not let family, introduce NORISK your to us SPECIAL the GUARANTEE: Family you of cost the the Club Reading beyondFamily all in Icanceled.will will books 1 days turn and be this membership get while Club Reading can you "The NOW, themselves. only $1.89 eachbooks pay You I

of Greatest Ever Written"any and two Book handling) (plus for the postage books Mr. you and

described wonderful the other here—all books I Mrs review after the readingpurchase book magamembership. $1.89 for only Send with three Print) (Please Misszine will to month. your each which come home

today. mail i coupon the just Howmoney, no is It to every necessary book not a purchase No.. Street and offer this withdrawn be ever, as unusual may as as each accept four fewmonth—you may I mail the couto time, urge you at any we selections All retain membership.year to your State.. City....Zone

pon wellwell-printed NOW! complete,are new, and I

under if21 [Same1 Offerpricegoodin onlyCanada:in the105U.S.A.Bond andSt., CanadaToronto 21J FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK EmI Age,

FEBRUARY 1952 67 \Jfflclal \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES ERA7 OF 'THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Uke i-kurcn of

/jeiui Lkrist

Or oLatterdaiA Jalnts

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY ManagingEditor:JOHN A.DOYLEWIDTSOEL. GREENRICHARD L. EVANS Jke Ctou&f

C. Associate JOSEPHSON Managing MARBA of this restfulness quiet winter The

J. Editor: ALBERT L. Editor: - Research Manuscript Editor:MOFFITT ELIZABETH

captured scene the camera has been by Editor: SHEPHERD JR. ZOBELL, Family"BURL - "Today's

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM of Hal Rumel, and the photograph was

A. PALMER NIBLEY HARRIS, FRANKLIN JR. - HUGH adapted for cover use by Charles Jacobsen.

- B. B. - SPERRYLEE SIDNEY PETERSEN CLAUDES.

- S. REEDER General Associate Manager: Manager: BERTHA ELBERT R. CURTIS

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

UNLEASHED

By Alice R. Rich

)! The Editor's Page A Shatteredwild stormthestallion,tethers relentlessof his arcticand hold,bold,

Truth and Honesty David O, McKay 77 Gathered his storm clan with bluster and blow And lashed a barrage of artillery snow.

Church Features

Evidences Church Memberand Reconciliations: CLXII—How is the

...John A, Widtsoe 78 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES ship Divided as to Ages?

Street North Main 50 Fielding of the Restoration 80 Smith Joseph Joseph Smith—Prophet St. North 50 Offices, Main Y.M.M.I.A. Spiritual Political on Speaks and Reform (The Book of Mormon

St. A. Offices, Main Y. W.M.I. 40 North E* Berrett 86 Current Problems) William

The World of the Jaredites—VI Hugh Nibley 92 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Inc., Funds, Corpora1952 a by Mutual 106 Copyright 72 NoLiquor-Tobacco Church Column The Moves On

of the tion Improvement Mutual Young Men's 106 Priesthood Presiding Bishopric's Melchizedek Page 108 of Christ of Jesus of the Association Church

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, for mailing Acceptance matter. secondciass

...Clark for the Yourself Strong Eyes Through in of for section provided rate special postage 89 asat of Youth—Dig

2, July authorized of October 1103, Act 1917, Disposal Problem 90 L> Martin The Sewage Thomas 1918. (First of Family Genealogy two parts) Pomeroy for responsible not unEra is Improvement The

From a study by Frank T. Pomeroy 91 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient -- - Richard L, Evans 100, 104, 112, 120, 124 postage for delivery and return.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin My Parents? Rex A. SkidChange of Address

S. Harris, Jr 65 more 116 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adThese Times, The Mutual Security Greetings! Billee Peel 117 dress. When ordering a change, please include

Act of 1951, G. Homer Durham.. 66 Is the Lunch Box a Problem? address slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

Beacon (Lessons in Eating) for Democracy, Jack 118 Addressaddress aschangeswell ascannotthe newbe madeone is unlessincluded.the old

Lester 121 Hints 70 Handy On the Bookrack 95 Imagery: The Art of a Child,

Today's Family Burl Shepherd Frances C. Yost 122 National Advertising Representatives

Why Can't I Talk Freely With Your Page and Ours 128

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building ies, Poetry San Francisco, California

HENRY G. ESCHEN,

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Blvd. Wilshire 1324 Until We Reach the Valley (First of two parts)

17, California Angeles Bertha tL Woodland 84 Los

A Promise Kept...Elizabeth S. Norris 96 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Frontispiece, Sonnet, Elaine V. fred Bell Fletcher 70 New York 17, N. Y.

Emans 75 Advice to Young Explorers, MaryRAY H. DAVIS

St. N. LaSalle 76 Poetry Page 88 30 hale Woolsey

Illinois Chicago, Unleashed, Alice R. Rich 68 Smoke, Pauline Havard....105 Wood

Thank God for Mountains, WinniHunger, Eva Willes Wangsgaard.,123

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mutual Security Act of 1951

(Concluded from page 66) military pattern, is being rebuilt and readjusted to the ways and power of

American capitalism. Obviously, if

MSA, currently the focal point and spearhead of our combined military, political, and economic policy, is used unwisely, we will not only aggravate the Russian bloc unduly, but we may also aggravate the remainder of the world.

A major lesson may be read in the

Peloponnesian War between Athens and

Sparta, and the period immediately preceding. Athens, the great democracy,

built up a vast coalition under a "mutual security program."When Naxos,

Athens'or Britishlike Frenchlike neighbors, refused to adjust her miliEVIDENCES and tary budget to Athenian desires, Athens RECONCILIATIONS unwisely sent in the equivalent of her Vol. Ill

aircraft carriers and B-36's, thinking by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

that everybody "loved"and would supYou'll find this third volume a rich addifavorites other two Widtsoe's to Dr. tion Instead, thisport act Athens. drove $925 Gosand and Reconciliations—Evidences

allies, m erstwhile of her they the together, undermany All Interpretations. pel

a rich, to guide complete a provideleadership of Aneurin Bevanlike leaders life. spiritual

(and some like Winston Churchill and Evidences and Reconciliations, Vol. 1

Robert Schuman) into the arms of and2.25.Gospel Interpretations, Vol. 2, each

Russianlike Sparta and her "iron curtain"countries. Athens was shortly BOOK OF MORMON

destroyed. STORIES

In this year of 1952 have available, we foralready authorized spending, some For Young LatterDay Saints billionninetyfive dollars to rearm ourBIBLE STORIES "free"the socalled world.selves and

It is reported that Mr. Truman will ask For Young LatterDay Saints

the (by the time this piece appears he both by Emma Marr Petersen will asked) Congress, have 82nd quickly can children your Second Now stories loved best and best known theSession, fortyfive for billions additional.

Bible. grasp $300 and of theMormon the Book of both

Since already Korea spent God and teachings of we have factual over Inspiring, and EACH written... beautifully people his billion.thirtyfive billions these All illustrated.

spell terrific power—power to build oruproot homes, cities, nations, men's A LETTER TO MY SON

lives. by Ora Pate Stewart

the answers that a book foreign policy, American the Here behind presents It problems. is today's of need

here and both rewards, the ofspearhead beautifully already prohas MSA, living. virtuous sustained for $]W) hereafter,duced "neutralism"in France; fireNye and missionaries students, for Ideal

Bevan's revolt in the British Labor side groups.

Mr. Churchill,party; and even who is A NEW WITNESS FORwilling to stand behind Attlee's commitment to rearm Britain (and even go CHRIST IN AMERICA

beyond the Attlee commitment to the Volumes One and Two

U.S.), has some reservations. by Francis W. Kirkham

read these two outstanding cannot The leading American general in uniYou without more conbecoming volumes is his office in Paris,form today has of that the vinced Book Mormon $275 testiglorious really a divine. They'reFrance. island The of England that translated the and was Book is SAVE TIME! ORDER FROM mony

dotted with American airfields and YOUR LOCAL BOOK DEALER ofgivenGod.to the world by the gift and power

American airmen. American troops are

in Europe, outside the occupied zones.

It is a new age, full of awesome responsibilities for American power. Most

American minds have not caught up with the facts. The Mutual SecurityAct of 1951, approved October 10, 1951,!

is only one of these facts. All might

recall 1:5, its admonition and James 1186

lackfor "any in these wisdom"who SaltSOUTHLake CityMAIN-4, Utah times.

FEBRUARY 1952 69 Now—BEACON FOR DEMOCRACY

,ve Dm /rack cJiester tog VmV is tempted to say here we go learn to weigh the facts and correctly SiyJ that Oneagain or this is where I came in, evaluate them. Independent thinkPROFESSIONAL LOOK Thenwhenyou mayreadingask yourselfthe dailythepaper.same himselfing gavefrommanthethetyrannycourageandto desfree

with the old question: What were we fighting potism of, the dark ages, and infor? We thought that we would dependent thinking can give him the

never make the same mistakes again, strength and wisdom necessary to preserve his precious freedoms during is the we go again. What but—here ANKER answer? Probably these perilous times. of a good many ZIGZAG the country's leaders wish that they It is not enough that we depend

knew. on others to think for our country.

If we could acquire the perspective The enemy would like nothing betof time, perhaps we could evaluate ter than to have us depend comcurrent events more easily. Why is pletely on a select few to do our

there so much unrest in the world? thinking—a select few that they

Perhaps historians will record this could then appoint or influence by as the era when free men the world their devious means. If we value

life, every man, woman, NO ATTACHMENTS over regained their integrity and our way of banded together to write finis to and child in this and every free naIncredibly versatile, yet despotism on this earth. If this is to tion must become aware of the sigit's the smoothest, easiest be so, we must understand what we nificance of the day's news. We

sewing machine you ever are fighting and working for. We must survey and analyze the actions

saw. Just touch the builtmust possess an indisputable feeling of our leaders and learn to vote for

in STITCH-O-METER and survive.that the Ifbrotherhoodthe free menofof manthe worldwill thewritermanfirmlyand believeshis principles.that God Thishas

do: can kindle such a fire within thembeen on our side during our many

... we have often mused ZIGBUTTON- selves, those who would subject the emergencies

ZAGGING HOLES peoples of the world for their own over what would happen if he were let to us selfish down purposes because we had failed would be smothered BUTTONMONO- bit. to our do fire like a grass in a torrential rain. SEWING GRAMING

BUNDHEM- Fortunately for world freedom, Every city, town, and hamlet outSTITCHING STITCHING most Americans are doing some inside the iron curtain should be alive dependent thinking. It is this single with active groups of alert citizens,

APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY fact that will contribute much to the grouped together for the purpose of and Wonderful Straight perpetuation of democracy. We must regular and energetic town meeting

Sewing... continue to read and think and disdiscussions of current problems and

Guaranteed a Lifetime cuss this world in which we live. events. When this occurs, and when

We must insist, one and all, on being every housewife, high school student, - the bestinformed people of this or merchant, and farmer is master of any other era. It is not enough, howcurrent history—then and only then is

Full Selection ever, to be wellinformed. We must will democracy be really safe.

of Fine Cabinets i* and Desks m

LIBERAL TRADEIN THANK GOD FOR MOUNTAINS

For and Address the Name local dealer, of your phone By Winifred Bell Fletcher or write...

* | 'hank God for the glory of mountains The fierce, high song of the tempest,

feet in forests, blue the dim WILLIAMS TheirTheir* Wrappedheads in their ancient snows, The conquerless eagle's call. Orion glows! where Thank God for the grandeur of mountains.

Sewing Machine Co. Thrones of the infinite.

trumpeting symphonies echo Thank God for the strength of the mounWhose 50 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah height! tains, to omnipotent From height

Phone 5-8651 Firm in the storm's wild wrack!

Dealers franchises available. Unmoved while the avalanche thunders Thank God for the peace of the mountains.

Its challenge to heaven and back. Measureless, calm, austere

Special discount to For deep in their quiet canyons

Church Organizations Thank God for the music of mountains. Eternity lingers here!

Lilt of a waterfall, 70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA z&jfjm Cfean&L

ji/sr-R/Gftr'Si/PS

($I GoodGuaranteedHousekeepingyby %>Y iiis! m if ft 1 J

7et

a***rfSSBfe #

at

|SI1 * ikW--Va- +r?o makes and w& ftlsQ j mates it su hagtance Aike the ftlS0's b"..... b:--'"

better in iSX washes w cion*. tea\ time and 8**#*

i* suos. <s, s0 # &Wan'see.., aotW"convince*oan6 1—*\?Hl

by the makers of FELSNAPTHA SOAP

FEBRUARY 1952 71 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

yY cUJau Jo J-)au {kronoioau L/f Lkurck CLuenid

First Council of the Seventy dedicated of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of

November 1951 the chapel of the Idaho Falls Sixth the East Point, Georgia, Branch, SouthStake. Elder Matthew Cowley of the Coun1qO ElderformerlyCharlessecond Bryantcounselor,Whiting,susWard, South Idaho Falls (Idaho) ern States Mission.

cil the chapel of dedicated the Twelve St. of president the as Johnstained ninetythat It announced was Falls of North Seventh the Idaho Ward, 2 Laverl Elders Stake, with M.(Arizona) student of the percent "seven body Stake. Falls. Idaho as counselors. Greer NelloHall and W. are University at Brigham Young memAssistant L. Christiansen, Elder EIRay

F. Albert President wereReleased of bers the Church. of dedicated the to Council Twelve, the

first Presicounselor, the andAnderson of the the North chapel Hollywood

P. Sherwood.dent Lawrence

Stake. (California) Fernando San Ward, December 1951 into divided Stake, Nevada Ely Ward,

Ely First and Second wards. Bishop IThe opening exercises of the field Q Willamette Stake organized from

Clair Black continues in the First Ward, house of Brigham Young Univer- ** portions of the Portland (Oregon) and Elder Rawson M. Prince was sussity were held. President Stephen L Stake, and some areas of the Northtained as bishop of the Second Ward. Richards of the First Presidency reprewestern States Mission. The new stake

sented the General Authorities in the consists of the Eugene and Salem (OreStake, Portland the field: the mission Inv ElderCouncilEzraof theTaftTwelveBensondedicatedof the shortbasketballservicesgamebeforewith thethe Universitystart of theof gon)and tenwardsunitsfromfrom

the chapel of the Seneca Branch, West Arizona, which BYU won, 6862. Corvallis, Springfield, Roseburg, which

District of the Southern CarolinaSouth AlCity, wards, and Junction dedibecame O. David McKay Mission.States 2 President Grove, Dexbany, Cottage Sweet Home, of cated the chapel the Hooper

ter, Oakridge, and Lebanon, which join the stake as branches. Membership 2 "a ElderCouncilEzraof theTaftTwelveBensondedicatedof the SecondColumbiaWard,RiverLakeStakeView organized(Utah) Stake.from

the North Branch chapel, South Caroportions of the Portland (Oregon) Stake, is 2557, all in the state of Oregon. Suslina, Southern States Mission. and some parts of the Northwestern tained were President Ralph B. Lake

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the CounStates Mission. The new stake consists of and his counselors, Elders Harry

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel Irvington, Laurelhurst, University Park, Wright and Hugh F. Webb.

of the Myrtle Branch, South Carolina, St. Helens, Hood River wards (all in The organizing of the three stakes

Southern States Mission. Oregon), and KelsoLongview (Washfrom the Portland Stake and the misfield sion direction of the were under Stake; the ington) Portland from Ward, First Presidency announced 2-i The Elders Spencer Kimball Deland W. Vancouver (Washingand Washougal J- of the appointment Elder D'Monte bert L. of Stapley of the the Council wards, ton), and become which Woodto President succeed Coombs EvonW. are stakes 191 Twelve. There now (OreRanier and (Washington)

as of president the Tonland HuntsmanW. functioning in the Church. transferred branches, gon) were from President Mission. spentgan Coombs

States SusMission. Northwestern Alice appointment of Mrs. C The years of six as the in that missionupwards

** tained were President Royle S. Papto the Cuftis Christensen Miriam his father presiding was a child, when

in that mission field. He filled a misworth, with his counselors, Elders general board of the Young Women's

and Conrad Green Wesley Turner. Mutual Improvement Association, ansion in the New England States in

is 3486 members. Membership nounced. 194648.

Remaining in the Portland Stake, The First Presidency announced the 2r President David O. McKay dediafter the organization of the Columbia appointment of Elder Claude W.

cated the chapel of the South River and the Willamette stakes, are Nalder who has served as bishop of the

Weber Ward, South Ogden (Utah) to be Colonial Heights, Mt. Tabor, San Francisco (California) Ward since

Stake. and Morel and wards from the Portland October 1927, as president of the Central

President Stephen L Richards dediStake, and the following units from Atlantic States Mission, succeeding cated the chapel of the Sunset Ward, the mission: Gresham and Oregon President J. Robert Price who has

West Utah Stake. City—which became wards, and Beaverserved since the mission was created

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Counton, Hillsboro, McMinnville, and Newfive years ago. President Nalder has

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel burg branches. Membership is 3149, filled a mission to the Southern States

of the New Smyrna Beach, Florida, all within the state of Oregon. The and served as an assistant servicemen's

Branch, Southern States Mission. presidency of the Portland Stake, Presicoordinator during World War II.

Elder Matthew Cowley of the Coundent George L. Scott, and his counselors Church statistics, embracing 180

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel Louis A. West and Richard C. Stratford stakes, reveal the average to be:

of the El Monte Ward, Pasadena (Caliwere resustained.

fornia) Stake. Elder Lloyd E. Howard sustained as Stakes 4992 members

Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Counsecond counselor in the San Fernando Percent male 49.76

cil of the Twelve dedicated the Arizona (California) Stake, succeeding Elder Percent female 50.24

Temple Bureau of Information and Wetzel O. Whitaker. Wards 625 members

genealogical library at Mesa. Elder Joseph F. Steenblik sustained Priesthood of the Church residing

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to Counas second counselor in the presidency of in stakes cil of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel Riverside (Salt Lake City) Stake, sucDeacons 49,627 of the KeniwickPasco Ward, Richland ceeding Robert S. Richards who died Teachers 33,713

(Washington) Stake. recently of polio. Priests 38,029

President Antoine R. Ivins of the Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council (Concluded on page 123)

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Speed Up Hay Curing

closer control over leanness, color and curcan have you Now with AllisChalmers You've waited for the day when you could make hay like this.

. rake. ing.. with a speedselector time

AllisChalmers brings you the first gearshift rake, operated by tractor power takeoff... with the widest range of speeds POWER ever built into a rake.

for with tedding! gears! Combined forward A reverse Two

throttle range, they give you a justtractor gear speeds and Rake and Tedder your right raking speed for every crop and field condition. Slower for

fragile, delicateleaf hay. Faster for heavy, damp, green

material or combined straw.

When drying conditions are difficult and curing is slow, reverse the reel for tedding. Gently lift and aerate hay in either

swath or windrow to speed up curing.

It's the master touch in raking. See all these outstanding

builtin advantages this winter on your AllisChalmers dealer's display floor.

m$S%&

*-"#. ilMl. ---—TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. V!flLLISCHflLMERS

Lay the hay down quickly and smoothly.

AllisChalmers QuickHitch mower drives as a unit with the tractor. You can make square

corners. Back Up. Hold to hillsides... no

drifting. V-belt drive and safety release features absorb the shocks of vibration and

obstructions.

You can tivinrow your hay with this truesteering rake. Straight twinwindrows cut

driving distance in half for the ROTO BALER; make ideal rolled bales. Patented fixeddirection rear wheel and castering front

wheel steer true as an arrow. Smooth power

drive and 33 ball and roller bearings—engineered for tractor speeds.

ROTOBALER is an AllisChalmers trademark.

FEBRUARY 1952 GreatNext in importance to the StandardBooksWorks come the writings of church leaders, past and present—thoughtprovoking, inspiring

ideas from great men.

AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF PARLEY P. PRATT $3.00

Fourth edition, illustrated. The life, ministry, travels, and excerpts from the writings

of one of the truly great men of the Church.

TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH $2.75

By Joseph Fielding Smith EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS, VOL. Ill $2.25

Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Evidences and Reconciliations, Vol. Ill is a companion volume to "Evidences and

Reconciliations"and "Gospel Interpretations."It covers such subjects as The Godhead, Church Doctrine, The Priesthood, The Law of Progress, Is There Progress in

Heaven, Intelligence, and many others.

Evidences and Reconciliations, Vol. 1 $2.25

Gospel Interpretations, Vol. II $2.25

A NEW WITNESS FOR GOD $2.25 each

By B. H. Roberts

Volume I. ( Volume II and III available after first of year.

A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA, VOL. II $2.75

Dr. Francis W. Kirkham

A scholarly assembly and discussion under one cover of the many attempts to prove the Book of Mormon manmade. Dr. Francis W. Kirkham undertook the

Herculean task of assembling this data from widely scattered original sources at the request of President George Albert Smith.

Vol. I $2.75

Evidence of Divine power in the "coming forth"of the Book of Mormon.

JESUS THE CHRIST $7.00

By Dr. James E. Talmage

Considered to be the most authoritative and inspired life of Christ, with the life and mission of the Messiah interpreted in terms of modern scripture and revelation.

Deluxe limp leather edition in maroon or black morocco.

VITALITY OF MORMONISM,. $2.50

By Dr. James E. Talmage

A series of sermonettes on distinctive themes of the Restored Gospel... an

excellent nucleus and idea source for gospel sermons.

ARTICLES OF FAITH $6.00

Dr. James E. Talmage

The classic discussion of the principal doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints... available in a beautiful flexible leather binding with exceptionally readable typography. Choice of maroon or black morocco leather.

FATAL DECISION "The Tragic Story of the Donner Party."$1.75

By Dr. Walter M. Stookey

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY $3.00

By Joseph Fielding Smith POEMS w $1.00

By Charles W. Penrose

LIFE OF A GREAT LEADER By Bryant S. Hinckley $2.50

Biography of President Heber J. Grant.

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH $2.50 each

Seven volumes. $15.00 a set

tf %

Deseret Book Co!

44 East Soutli Temple

i r ifc.... ] &>'

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sonnet

Dm (Lsiaivie (/. O/;mans y

"When Love and I are met,"I used to say, "I shall be certain from the first hello

No wondering about it, no delay."

I thought that steady flames in us would glow

As if we lit a candle, each in each;

But in my ignorance I didn't know

Nor guess at what the long years had to teach

Me of the way love's coming may be slow.

I didn't know that love, if it be true,

May need a thousand greetings while it sends

Its roots so deep that neither of the two

Hearts can be freed. I didn't know that friends

As dear as you and I were in the past

Could take the gates of paradise at last.

D. ELDEN BECK

FEBRUARY 1952 75 VACANCY PRAYER FOR A NEW SOLDIER BREAD UPON THE WATER

By Ethel ]acobson (Ecclesiastes 11:1)

By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee Empty, empty is my heart, By Velma Fehling * Dusty and bare; is I 'his our little boy, yesterday who the water,"bread your upon /"ast

for Dark a season now, many so (Or it seems) dustyshoed from came—'it's ancients, said the and Spoke f disrepair. In school, current Nile's slow the flung upon They

off the Turned at night war news, begged their bread. seeds that Lotus were thrift tardy to air it out What to stay

brazenly pin And gifts of love the become For one program. more eyes So These same

it: placard The on fell river; that that seeds As upon cool were VACANCY: days grow, and after many J Day They Apply increased, the to bless giver. Return, Within! Withcameyouth's clear vision when V

To lift the ceiling from our troubled world.

This is the son whose brother cried his

FREEDOM! name, FOYER TRAP

His arm about him as the flags were furled. By Margaret O. Slicer By Mina Holland Lloyd

f ive me the song of the mocking bird, This is the one who watched with us the When we were young and our house was -J The sureness of the eagle's flight; storm small,

Give me the lowing of the restless herd, Darken the skies once more, who looked We yearned for a foyer—an entrance hall

The smell of the soil at night! across Where guests were made welcome at close

Familiar gardens where the sun lay warm, of day

Give me the music of the waterfall, Immortal fingers on the ageless moss. And parting visitors sped on their way.

is of This one, the the sound trees; in The dear goes tonight wind the God, who full of spot gay, charm, debonair, A of tall, like brave so majesty the shoulders pine With The young to a man's, Large a mirror, enough for a table, and of falling Gentleness leaves. meet

chair, is to there Whatever meet. Lord, keep the flowers arranged with And consummate sunrise at a The clear, on dawn morning light

grace of glow star; evening The an is all faith, so That for steady feet his In Elizabeth's vase. Dresden Aunt my of caress sweet soft air, The night will falter not or turn They back; then and

I'll far! not And wander

... foyer's are fact, a Turn once them toward we more Now and home older—the

it's for to see easy years And what we the of Give a touch baby's hand, whole. me lacked:.. Amen. lisp of a baby's voice; The

the mirror, have table, the the chair We left footprints Small in sand, ocean tell about see them, can't you you We of toys. heap broken A

there. them

These are jewels no king has worn The chair holds books and balls and bats;

No costly crown adorning; The table takes care of scarfs and hat;

More precious than all that man hath THESE TASKS The mirror is draped with a lone red wrought, mitten Yet free as the dew in the morning. By Grace Sayre The other was ripped by a neighbor's

kitten.

skates on the I SHALL COME DOWN THE PATHWAY fT Scourkeep thethe kettlecopperbubbling,bright, Therefloor,are books in the corner,

SINGING But, oh, my heart goes out to reach A pair of skis behind the door.

By Esther Freshman A hilltop star at night. Something is filling every niche in.

(Our friends usually enter by way of the ]T shall come down the pathway singing, I mend the clothes and wash them, kitchen.)

* Letting the sun and shadows wreath my But, oh, the rainbow dreams hair; That rise above the foaming suds

Clear skies and storms shall befriend me; Are like the sun's first beams. YEARROUND ARTISTRYMy song shall ring out everywhere!

Blanche Sutherland By cottage keep shining myCourage better to marches a melody; escape one hour in moves does the and IBut—to world SpringtimeFaith splendidly mounts song; a upon hills stars are where To blossoms over I shall come singing; down the pathway skies like are flower. a And In tender chartreuse emerald greens, all and thatAnd in shall is good march me

along! With drapes of peach blossoms and carpets

I can escape these tasks no more of clover,

Dreams come flooding through my door. Hyacinth candles and climbingrose screens.

THE LAND STILL SLEEPS Summer, next tenant, brings palette and

By Leone McCune brushes, Painting the ceilings in cloudless blues, tillHpHE colors land still sleeps, though days are Mixing her all the world blushes scarlet to Crimson fruitflaming -"- warm with hues.

February.For crusts Tattered

arrives, hangs veiling hazyblue a of remnantsThe ice Autumn sheets white of vista, lays Over rugs each of bronzegod, covered hill everyThat swale and aster Blue pillows lace with Queen Anne lost inAre tiny rivulets trailing, levelSeeking the of the stream.

rustling Ripe corn drapes taffeta fold. each

lies grassThe bleached dead. and Bluebirds

Have not returned. The trees and shrubs Caretaker Winter whisks off drape and

Guard well the secret of the life curtain,

Locked deep within their leathery limbs. Scours every corner, each drab furnishing,

Shrouds all in white... then, protection

In silence, patient earth awaits made certain,The cycles change—when April, clean Hangs out her sign, "Not for rent until

And rainwashed, smiles across the skies. spring 1"

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA S&SvS&SSGs

Dm J-'resident eJJauid La:J\a t

TRUTH AND HONESTY

is "... For unio whomsoever much is given, he, "an Israelite indeed, in whom there

of him shall be much required; and to whom no guile."(John 1:47.) Their souls attracted

men have committed much, of him they will each other as two drops of morning dew fall ask the more."(Luke 12:48.) together on the same flower. So the purity

of Christ seemed to absorb, to attract the while visiting one of our outlying stakes purity of Nathanael. Nathanael was honest

Oncethe president of the stake was called from and upright, as a follower of Christ should be.

the dinner table to the telephone, and No guileless man can be dishonest. No guilethis conversation followed, one part of which less man can stoop to chicanery and fraud,

I heard and one part of which was reported deceiving a brother. Christ's life and his

to me later: teachings always bore testimony to the truth.

"Do you know,"said the stranger, a nonIn our day, the Lord has said, through the member of the Church, to the president of the Prophet Joseph Smith: "For God doth not

turn to stake, "do you know Mr.—?"walk in crooked paths, neither doth he

"Yes."the right hand nor to the left, neither doth he

"Is he a member of your Church?"vary from that which he hath said, therefore

"He is."his paths are straight, and his course is one

"Well, is he in good standing in your eternal round."(D. & C. 3:2.) To the LatterChurch?"day Saints, as God's people, he has declared

"Yes."that one of the fundamental principles of their

"All right; thank you. He is here in our belief is honesty and truthfulness. I rejoice in

office desiring to borrow some money to make repeating our thirteenth Article of Faith.

an investment. He referred us to you, and "We believe in being honest, true, chaste,

said he was a member of your Church. If he benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to all

is in good standing, we will lend him the men; indeed, we may say that we follow the

money."admonition of Paul—We believe all things, we

My heart rejoiced, and it rejoices today that hope all things, we have endured many things, in honesty and integrity the Church of Jesus and hope to be able to endure all things. If

Christ is as a "light set upon a hill."We there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good

grieve most deeply when we hear of a member report or praiseworthy, we seek after these who forgets himself and destroys, by his disthings."

honesty, that confidence. "Let your light so shine before men, that

Jesus the Christ lived a life of truth. Men they may see your good works, and glorify

ftft! have called him an enthusiast; they have acyour Father which is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.)

ft!ft! cused him of being a dreamer, an ascetic, a In probably no more effective way can the truth

recluse, and other such epithets have they be witnessed before men than for every Latterft hurled at him, but they are loath ever to day Saint to maintain and foster the confidence say that Christ, the Redeemer, was dishonest of all men everywhere. Now, in order to do

or untrue. His life was a life of honesty, honor, that we must be honest in all things. If we

uprightness. are contractors, and agree to put certain mateHe was drawn to men who were honest (Concluded on following page)

themselves, whose hearts were pure and guileless. Witness how quickly he saw purity and

guilelessness in Nathanael. "Behold,"said

FEBRUARY 1952 77 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) have, and some parade in dresses which they cannot rials into a building, let us put that material in. pay for; the life of many a man and many a woman

If we agree to the stipulations of a contract, let us is one colossal lie. We say things which we do not

live up to what we agree. Such things may be only mean; express emotions which we do not feel; we

"details,"but they are the "details"by which the praise when we secretly condemn; we smile when

men with whom we deal will judge our actions. there is a frown on the face of the heart; we give

If we are taking potatoes of a particular grade compliments when we are really thinking curses, to market, and we so describe that grade, let us striving a hundred times a week to make people know that an investigation will prove our statethink we are other than we are. It is a penitentiary

ments to be true. I was grieved when once I heard offense to obtain money under false pretenses;...

a wholesale dealer say that he had opened sacks of But how many other things are obtained, do you produce brought in from the farm and found think, by shamming and pretending, for which there foreign material, such as rocks and dirt, placed in to is no penalty but the condemnation of Almighty make up weight. I did not ask him for the religion God. Yes, it is a sad, deceitful, demoralized world

of those men; I asked for no name; but such things in the midst of which we find ourselves; but thank

are dishonorable, and no true member of the Church God there are hearts, here and there, upon which of Jesus Christ can stoop to such trickery. we can ever more depend. We have tested them,

In this world today there needs to be an ensign, and we know them to be true."(The Character of

a people standing out in bold relief as an example Jesus, Charles Edward Jefferson, New York, 1908, to the world in honesty and fair dealing. I will pp. 5758.)

not condemn the world, but to illustrate what I mean, I shall let a reverend gentleman give his Such hearts as he mentions at the last must be opinion. I quote from Mr. Jefferson, author of The found everywhere in the Church of Jesus Christ, if

just think, "believe"must be Character of Jesus. Speaking of the insincerity of we believe—not the world, he says: stronger than "think"—if "we believe in being

"And yet how common insincerity is. What a honest, true, chaste,"and accept it as part of our

miserable old humbug of a world we are living in, lives, that our acts may so shine among men. And

full of trickery and dishonesty, and deceit of every there is one reason deeper than this: because it is

kind. Society is cursed with affectation, business right and is the only way to live.

is honeycombed with dishonesty. The political May we be honest in all our dealings; be true to

world abounds in duplicity and chicanery. There ourselves; never be false to our honest convictions; be

is sham, and pretense, and humbuggery everywhere. true to the Church of Jesus Christ; be true to the

Some use big words we do not understand, and testimonies we possess. God help us in this, and in all

some will claim to knowledge which they do not worthy things, to bear witness to the truth.

How Is the Church Membership Divided as to Ages??

i$u /john t. vwldtdoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

TheLatterday1950 censusSaints,of takenthe Churchunder theof JesusauspicesChristof theof peoplebe the wouldcase, probablythere be becausehigher. theThisolderdoespeoplenot seembringto

Presiding Bishopric, gives much information about their children with them into the Church.

the present condition of the Church. It shows the It is very significant to note by comparing the

total Church membership to be last two columns of Table I that about 1,111,314—a notable inbetter than fifty percent of the

crease over the six first members entire Church membership is of the Church on April 6, 1830. under twentyfive years of age,

As shown in the following Evidences while only fortyone percent of tables, the distribution of the AND the population of the United

Church membership according to States as a whole is found in this age is about the same in the Reconciliations age group. Thus the Church

missions as in the stakes. It has some ten percent more voung

might have been expected that CLXII people than does the United since mature people usually States. Conversely, the United

enter the Church States percentages in the missions, percentage of older toi tkil e /"")\ue5Uon5/ Of/ iJUjovithll *novertle twentyfiveae grouP the t-A -MnSwerA 78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA years are consistently higher than those of the people in Utah have been found to be Latterday

Church. This must necessarily be so because having Saints.

ten percent fewer young people than the Church, the The above figures indicate that the Church is

United States percentages must, of course, be higher composed of relatively young people, with better by ten percent in the older age groups. than half of them of M.I.A. age or younger. Hence,

As might be expected, the Utah percentages given there is a real challenge to be met by members of in Table II more nearly approximate the Church the Church who have as their special callings workfigures inasmuch as some seventy percent of the ing with the youth.

Table I AGE DISTRIBUTION OF CHURCH MEMBERSHIP AND UNITED STATES

POPULATION AS SHOWN BY 1950 CHURCH AND

UNITED STATES CENSUSES

*Church Missions Stakes Church United States

Age Groups Total No. Percent Percent Percent 1950 Percentage

0-4 years 128,912 11.9 11.5 11.6 10.6

5-9 33 127,801 11.5 11.5 11.5 8.6

1014 33 113,354 9.8 10.4 10.2 7.3

1519 33 105,575 8.9 9.8 9.5 7.0

2024 33 87,794 8.4 7.6 7.9 7.5

2529 33 86,683 8.9 7.3 7.8 8.1

3034 33 83,349 8.0 7.4 7.5 7.8

3539 33 78,903 7.5 7.0 7.1 7.5

4044 33 71,124 6.5 6.3 6.4 6.7

4549 33 57,788 4.9 5.3 5.2 6.0

5054 33 48,898 4.0 4.6 4.4 5.6

5559 33 40,007 3.2 3.8 3.6 4.9

6064 33 31,117 2.5 2.9 2.8 4.1

6569 33 23,338 2.0 2.1 2.1 3.4 '

7074 33 14,447 1.1 1.4 1.3 2.3

75 years and over 12,224.9 1.1 1.1 2.6

1,111,314 100 100 100 100

*8.55% Sample of Church membership, stratified and chosen at random, used in arriving at age groupings.

Table II AGE DISTRIBUTION, BY PERCENT, OF THE CHURCH MEMBERSHIP

AND STATE OF UTAH AND THE UNITED STATES POPULATIONS AS

SHOWN BY THE 1950 CHURCH AND U.S. CENSUSES

United Church Utah States *Age Groups Percent Percent Percent

0-4 Years 11.6 13.5 10.6

5-14 "21.7 20.0 15.9

1524 "17.4 16.4 14.5

2534 "15.3 15.3 15.9

3544 "13.5 12.5 14.2

4554 "9.6 9.3 11.6

5564 "6.4 6.9 9.0

65 and over 4.5 6.1 8.3

100 100 100

*Only tenyear age groupings available now for the State of Utah.

FEBRUARY 1952 79 Whenman Peterwho hadand Johnbeen healedlame fromthe his birth, it caused great astonishment and some consternation JOSEPH SMITH--- among the assembled Jews. This

excellent opincident Peter an gave the to rebukeportunity Jews, and PROPHET OF while accusing them of being responsible for the death of our Re-..-.......:: ":: ---

deemer, he said to them::.,.:...:.,.,..wmm

And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers.

But those things, which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulfilled.

Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;

And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you:

Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which

God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. (Acts

3:1721.)

At the time of the ascension when

Jesus took leave of his disciples, they said to him: "Lord, wilt thou at this

time restore again the kingdom to

Israel? "And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power."(Ibid., 1:7.) By

these words he indicated to them that this restoration was for a later time, and Paul writing to the Saints at

Ephesus clearly declared that this time—Paul L. Swensen

holding lifesize this statue of the Prophet Joseph Smith Since 1911 of restoration would come in the days over Temple has been watching the a copy of Book of Mormon of the Dispensation of the Fulness Square in Salt Lake City. The work of Mahonri M. Young, it was

of Times, for in that dispensation God viewed by more than a million visitors in 1951.

would "gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in will do nothing, but [until] he reThe charge given to Adam in the heaven, and which are on earth; even vealeth his secret unto his servants garden was that he was forbidden

in him."(Eph. 1:10.) Our Lord also the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) We are to eat the fruit of the tree of the

informed his three Apostles as they also able to point out clearly some knowledge of good and evil, for should returned from the Mount of Transof the things that were lost and he do so he would surely die. Through

figuration, that while John was an show evidence that they were to be his transgression death came upon

Elias, there should come Elias to rerestored. him, and the earth that was "very

store all things. In harmony with When the Lord formed the earth good"was cursed to bring forth

his prediction at the time of his and its heaven, he pronounced them thorns and thistles, which it did not ascension and with the testimony of "very good."He sanctified them, and bring forth before, and thus the

both Peter and Paul, this Elias was when man was placed on the earth, earth and all creatures on its face to come in the day of refreshing, or this condition of goodness and sanctipartook of the fall. Through Satan's

in the Dispensation of the Fulness of fication prevailed. We read in the power many of the children of Adam

Times. words of Lehi to his son Jacob the and Eve rebelled for "... they loved

Reason loudly proclaims the fact following: Satan more than God. And men

forth to be time from that began if a restorathat there come was to behold, had not And now, if Adam devilish."sensual, (Moses and all things, there of tion then must transgressed but carnal, have fallen, he would not

be not only a time when it was to he would have remained in the garden of 5:13.)

happen but also a chosen messenger Eden. And all things which were created The gospel, which had been given

to Adam by the Lord, was changed; unto whom the keys of this restoramustwhich havethey remainedwere afterin theythe samewere statecreated;in

tion were to be revealed, for the and they must have remained forever, and ordinances were broken; and the perscriptures say, "Surely the Lord God had no end. (II Nephi 2:22.) fect government revealed to him

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord;

for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more. (Jeremiah

31:3134.) THE RESTORATION be Notrestored,only butwill therethe houseis also ofto Israelcome a restoration of all other creatures

Dm sro&eph -jrietdinq Srnith includingtenth Articletheof earthFaith, weitself.read:In the

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE We believe in the literal gathering of

Israel and in the restoration of the Ten

Tribes; that Zion will be built upon this

ceased to exist. The bowing down the place of the gospel of Jesus Christ, (the American) continent; that Christ will

to idols and the worship of imaginary just as it had been the case in former reign personally upon the earth; and, that

gods soon prevailed. Violent and dispensations, and the people were the earth will be renewed and receive its

unrighteous men gained power and left in spiritual darkness. paradisiacal glory.

set themselves up as rulers, and manMoses, by prophecy, declared to In addition to the predictions of made governments were formed in ancient Israel, even before they had the gathering of Israel and that Christ which the divine Ruler was ignored. the privilege of entering the land of will reign upon the earth, the scripThen came the flood, and the earth their inheritance, that for their retures also proclaim the renewal of

was cleansed. Once more the covebellion the tribes of Israel would be

nants and commandments were redriven to the four corners of the the earth and its restoration to its vealed to Noah for man's government, earth, but in the last days, if they primitive glory. Speaking of this,

that to Isaiah said he would the Lord corruption before death, his but themselves, the Lord humble had would '... create heavens and a new new the earth. over again swept It became Such gather them again. would

necessary for the Lord to call Abraprophecies were constantly repeated earth: and the former shall not be

ham from the land of his birth and by the prophets of Israel—Isaiah, remembered, nor come into mind."

make covenants with him and his Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Amos, Hosea; in (Isaiah 65:17.) This promise has no

seed after him which were to endure fact, all of the prophets have spoken reference to the final destiny of the forever, and his descendants, the chilof this scattering and of the gathering earth when it shall receive its celestial dren of Jacob, became the chosen peoof Israel; for instance, these are the glory, but this renewal was to come

ple of Israel. In course of time, after words of Ezekiel: in the day following the restoration

Israel had been established in their of Israel, and the enmity shall cease inheritances in Canaan, these coveThen will I sprinkle clean water upon not only among men but also among beasts, when the wolf and the nants were broken, and for the reyou,nlthiness,and yeandshallfrombe allclean:your fromidols,allwillyourI the

bellion of the ten tribes, then known cleanse you. lamb shall feed together, and the

as the Kingdom of Israel, that king- A new heart also will I give you, and a lion shall eat straw like the bullock.

dom came to an end, and the people new spirit will I put within you: and I will In this day of restoration when the

were carried captive into Assyria, take away the stony heart out of your flesh, Lord shall come, flesh. of heart I will give you an and rethat they never land and from

spirit I you, will within put And my shall infant be thence an There more no tribes turned. remaining two The statutes, to in cause walk you and my old and of days, that nor not hath an man

later likewise years 130 about were shall judgments, do them. and ye keep my filled shall die for his days: child the an

punished and carried away to BabyAnd ye shall dwell in the land that I hundred years old; but the sinner being

lon. When they had suffered suffigave to your fathers; and ye shall be my an hundred years old shall be accursed.

ciently and had repented, they were people,36:2528.)and I will be your God. (Ezek. (Ibid., 65:20.)

privileged to return to their own land

This will be a day of the restorareconstructed the temple they where of the Lord word The of to Jeremiah tion Zion Jerusalem, and when served season a short and for is this restoration as follows: the on will of every enjoy the work man a deonce Lord. more came Then

parture from the Lord, and when the thatBehold,I will themakedaysa newcome,covenantsaith thewithLord,the hisof thishandis partand ofnotthelaborgreatinrestoration,vain. All

of for time the appearance came the house of Israel, and with the house of spoken of by all the holy prophets they Judah: God, Son of and rejected him

crucified him, but he again estabNot according to the covenant that I since the world began. It is decreed

in restoration these the that events I fathers their in the that with day made his lished few a with Church who to out took bring the by hand them them fulare shall yet future which be willing to follow sent were and him of of the Egypt; land covenant which my filled. earth divided which was The

all to forth into the deworld them I brake, they although husband was an into islands broken and and up saith the them, Lord: unto his clare gospel. following Again,

the death of his Apostles, apostasy But this shall be the covenant that I will continents in the days of Peleg shall once more set in, and again the savmakedays, saithwith thethe Lord,house IofwillIsrael;put Aftermy lawthosein be restored.

ing principles and ordinances of the their inward parts, and write it in their Every valley shall be exalted, and every gospel were changed to suit the conhearts; and will be their God, and they mountain and hill shall be made low:

veniences and notions of the people. shall be my people. (Continued on following page)

And they shall teach no more every Doctrines corrupted, authority were the *Being ninth annual Smith Memorial Joseph his neighbour, every and man man at S. Institute L. Religion, the Logan. of his Sermon D. of religion false order took lost, and a brother, saying, the for they Lord; Know 1951. 2, Utah. December

FEBRUARY 1952 81 JOSEPH SMITHPROPHET OF THE RESTORATION (Continued from preceding page) when all of these things are to be angels, but the people were left to and the crooked shall be made straight, fulfilled, in the Dispensation of the rely on what was written in the and the rough places plain.

And the glory of the Lord shall be reFulness of Times. Bible or taught by their priests.

vealed, and all flesh shall see it together: What was the condition of the 3. That baptism is to cleanse us

for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it. religious world which professed to befrom "original sin,"and that all little

{Ibid., 40:4-5.) lieve in and practise the doctrines of children had to be "regenerated"by

the Redeemer, when the Father and baptism and if not baptized they will

Since the prophets predicted that the Son appeared to Joseph Smith perish.

lastin the the gather days Lord would instructed is and 4. him? answer The baptism ordinance That an

Israel to reveal once and more them is in of the found the words to Lord the sprinkling acceptable by Lord his that covenants, reason demands similar to are which a fulfilment or and the water pouring heads on of unof thisthese covenants the keys and of prediction the Isaiah: by or adults infants. baptized

restoration must be given to some chosen messenger. Joseph Smith is... they draw near to me with their 5. That men may take upon themthat messenger. He was to come in lips, but their hearts are far from me; selves the authority to be ministers

the day when the people drew near to the Lord with their mouths, and with their lips they honored him, but have removed their hearts far from him, and their fear toward him is taught by the precepts of men. It

was to be in that day, said the Lord, that

I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their

wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.

(Ibid., 29:14.)

It is generally believed that when the Lord spoke through Malachi and said:

Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and

the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, (Mai. 3:1.)

that he was referring to the coming of John the Baptist in his ministry preparing the way before the Lord when he came on the earth nearly two thousand years ago. However,

this is not the case. The fulfilment

of this prophecy was for a later day.

In the day of John's ministry and that of our Redeemer, Christ did not come as a refiner's fire to purge the they teach for doctrines the commandments of the word of God, without a divine sons of Levi as silver and gold, that of men, having a form of godliness, but appointment by one duly authorized they deny the power thereof. (Joseph Smith,

they might be prepared to make an Pearl of Great Price, 2:19.) by Jesus Christ.

offering in righteousness. In that 6. That the organization of the

day the sons of Levi cried out against Some of the leading teachings and Church as established in the days of the Son of God and had him crucipractices were as follows: Jesus Christ and his Apostles is no

fied. In that day Judah's offering 1. That God the Father, the Son, longer necessary; there were to be

and that of Jerusalem were not pleasand the Holy Ghost are not three no more Apostles, Prophets and gifts ant as in days of old, and the Lord personages, but one ethereal, immateof the spirit.

did not come in judgment, for all of rial God, unknown and unknowable 7. That man was not created in

this was for a later day. There may to man, who fills the immensity of the image of God in form, for God

be some who will think I am apspace. is not an anthropomorphic being.

proaching blasphemy in saying this, 2. That the canon of scripture is 8. Other doctrines, such as the

yet the fact remains that Joseph full and complete, and since the necessity for keys for the restoration

Smith as the messenger fits this picpassing of the Apostles there was to of Israel, the need of the coming of ture as one sent to prepare the way be no more revelation, no opening of Elijah, etc., as proclaimed in the

for the second coming of the Lord, the heavens and communications by scriptures, are not necessary.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Time will not permit of a discushimself to report to himself, And put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of sion of further discrepancies and deyet this is the thought conveyed in thyseed, mouth,nor outnorof outthe ofmouththe mouthof thy ofseed'sthy partures from the doctrines and practhe modern doctrine concerning God seed, saith the Lord, from henceforth and tices of the Church of Jesus Christ of the Father, the Son, and the Holy for ever. (Isa. 59:2021.)

let saints. us conButformer-day of It required Ghost. opening an

it that shall afterward, to pass come Andsider these see canwhether and we to a revelation the the heavens and I all flesh; spirit will out pour upon my of the a restorernot see need who, shall daughters sons your your and and correct this to Prophet Smith Joseph

under the inspiration of the Lord, foolish notion. Strange it is that prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams,

was necessary to bring back the coryour young men shall see visions:

Martin Luther and other reformers And also upon the servants and uponrect doctrines as they were taught of this see the absurdity not will in the I pour those days handmaids beforeand practised they were corcould.. spirit. out my teaching they broke from away whenrupted to mankind. and lost it shall to pass, that whoso-. come And it of so was, the church but Rome,

of shall the the Lord 1. call on name the Father That and God for the time waited the and boy Joseph ever for in shall in Zion be delivered; and three are not GhostSon and Holy to restore true the doctrine Smith shall the as be deliverance, Lord Jerusalem

separate personages. concerning the Father and the Son. hath said, and in the remnant whom the

Smith, then a youth Joseph When 2. That the canon of scripture is Lord shall call. (Joel 2:28, 29, 32.) years,of fourteen the went into woods

to pray, without question he had some full. The position of the present world

similar idea regarding God that he This doctrine grew out of the in relation to revelation and the had been taught by the ministers apostasy when the teachers of reguidance of the Spirit of the Lord is whom he consulted. He returned ligion no longer received manifestasimply given in the words of William

from the grove with the knowledge tions from the heavens because of Hays Ward:

iniquity. so theythat presumed, the prevailing doctrine And of God their

is this: of the matter whole The sum

to in spite scriptures of the notwas he declared true. When arbiter; last reason, our is the the conReason own

that he had received a visitation trary, that God had ceased to comour individual reason, my reason, nobody's from the Father and the Son, he was mune with men and that the canon else. There are various sources of authority,

ridiculed. His former friends turned of scripture had become full and Bible, or Church, or God, but each one

against him and became his enemies. complete. From that day, by their mustfore itbeis testedbelieved.by ourWepersonalare allreasonof us beat

Yet instead of becoming angry and own choice, and not because the bottom rationalists, cannot help being.

persecuting him, why in the spirit Father willed it, the ministers and What God is, whether there be a God, we of kindness did they not invite him priests proclaimed the doctrine that must decide by the best reason we have.

that in the image of God, made we areto a review of the scriptures and show the Almighty had withdrawn leaving If is in reason, image and in body; not

him that he was wrong? The answer all mankind to rely solely on the little reason can and must get some trueour

is a simple one. When they turned written word as contained in the view of God, just as our little blinking

to the scriptures, lo! they sustained Bible and their individual reason, myopic eyes can truly, if imperfectly, dehim, as a few passages will definitely and so they were left to grope and cry the infinite spangled universe. Reason

show. At the baptism of Jesus, there try to find their way to salvation maywe havesee faintly,to guideeven us.erringly,(The butNewit isYorkall

appeared the three members of the merely by the fragmentary doctrines Independent, March 15, 1915.)

Godhead; Christ in the water being of the Holy Scriptures. In the

baptized, the Father speaking from prophetic words of Nephi, spoken In contradiction to this our Lord the heavens and declaring that Jesus some four hundred and fifty years has said: "If ye continue in my word,

was his Beloved Son, and the Holy before the birth of Christ, the people then are ye my disciples indeed; And

Ghost descending and resting upon of the last days, when the Dispensaye shall know the truth, and the him. tion of the Fulness of Time should truth shall make you free."(John

It is absurd to think that in his come in, would cry because of their 8:3132.) Surely the time had come

agony in the garden, the Savior deluded knowledge of the truth: in the year 1820 for the opening of

prayed to himself asking himself if it "... a Bible! a Bible! We have got the heavens that mankind might rebe possible that the cup prepared a Bible, and there cannot be any ceive a divine revelation from God.

for him could pass untouched. It is more Bible."(II Nephi 29:3.) 3. That baptism was to cleanse us

just as. foolish to believe that when I have already quoted from the from "original sin."This is one of

he prayed that his disciples be one ancient prophets wherein they wrote the most reprehensible doctrines ever even as he and his Father were one that the Lord will in the last days proclaimed as a divine command. It

that he was praying to himself and make new covenants with Israel and denies the mercies of Jesus Christ asking that his disciples be swallowed cleanse them from their iniquities. I and makes a mockery of his atoneup and become as diffused and ask the question, how can covenants ment. This false doctrine which has

ethereal as the world now believes be made with the Lord without some bound the world for centuries is him and his Father to be. It is heavenly manifestation, a new reveladefinitely from the source of evil. It

ridiculous to believe that when he tion, and the coming of authorized contradicts the teachings of the Son said to Mary after his resurrection, servants to make them known? of God, who said: "Suffer little chil-

"Touch me not; for I am not yet dren, and forbid them not, to come

the shall Redeemer And come toascended Father: but go my to my me: for of to Zion, unto such is the kingdom

that unto turn and transgression them frombrethren, say and unto them, I ascend of heaven."(Matt. 19:14.) Once in saith Jacob, the Lord.

unto Father, Father; your and my of again see the the need we opening this As for me, covenant with is myand to God, and your my the in to restore heavens order the is of saith the God,"them, Lord; spirit that My

(John 20:17) he was ascending to upon thee, and my words which I have (Continued on page 110)

FEBRUARY 1952 83 CHhristina stood with her piump brown hand on the front bar ] of the handcart, waiting the Until We Reach captain's orders for the Saints to start westward. The rider who the carts, and merriment filled the

came into Camp Iowa yesterday had dusty air.

brought a few letters from Saints Papa, Mamma, Hans, and Viggo in the Rocky Mountains but none had returned and were rushing and from Knute. Two years ago, when shouting with the rest. Christina

he left Copenhagen with Brother saw Viggo's strained effort to make

Olsen's company for Salt Lake City, his lame foot keep up with the she had promised to follow him this anxious adventurers. Her brother

year and marry him and live in the Hans had energy and log cabin he went to build in Zion. mischief to outen-

She had never heard from him since. dure anyone twice

As her heart filled with disaphis ten years.

pointment, Asa Fowler came toward They had hoped to her. She knew him by his red shirt, ride in wagons, but

broad hat, thick legs, and by his Papa had no money skinning knife which hung at his with which to buy belt. He stopped in front of her, one, and wagons

narrowing his shifty green eyes. were only for heavy

"Them wagons burn easy, with things. They could

everything in 'em, easy as tellin'all walk—but Viggo.

tales."He grinned and went toThe Saints were

ward the work tent. singing: Mamma and

He had been delegated to haul Papa in broken English and Danish; in histheir stuff heavy wagon. A

in his beautiViggo shefew nights ago he was knew away and had gone to make sure ful tenor; Hans

screaming and enjoyher beautiful wooden shoes were safe in the box with the other keeping it; she, too, was

sakes. He'd come back too soon, singing the new

"Handcart Song":with another man, and she had

hidden under a quilt while they For some must push and pull, must somedivided the gold pieces and agreed up go marching As we to meet next spring in California. the hill.

Then the other man left. As merrily on our way

Asa Fowler had put his money in Untilwe wego, reach the Val- a tin box and raised the boxes she ley-O.

lay on, to hide it, and she had throat with parched and and body blessed her abunLord had The the ground. out ondumped

its buffalo coolness. chips But to had dantly. going meet She was

tied yet not cover had been The first fire of all to for gathered a be six hunshe about Knute, had and for she'd journey, the anddown to with. Hans'cook gnawing her Saints beloved from dred own bright the theseen two men by Scandinavia as companions in the stomach had resigned him to themoonlight. other had The man

vest, his exfifth handcart train. She had prayed fact days ago. He was already onsilver trimmings on

side far the sat on Israel Viggo way. of to the who had his much God rideractly like the brought who

cart, his of the foot holding this lame of salvation plan revealed new Knute. withthe letters, from none

pouring a stream one hand and her prayers heard had and he and with dark hair and sameHe had the his the out of shoe with of sand strength give her courage and would too,sideburns, had Fowler and Mr.

ridden out to meet him that day, to walk the thirteen hundred miles other. His foot was white with

being the first to sight him. Yes, she to Knute, and pull the cart her blisters.

it in the water, Vig.could tell tales, but she feared his share, too. She would see Knute, "Go stick

and marry him, and be his helpmeet I'll gather enough for us both,"shevindictive nature; and she wanted

more than anything to reach the through life. called in her native tongue, as she

Valley and Knute. She almost ran, until Papa had ran to catch Hans.

The captain came riding up the to hurry faster to keep his side of While Mamma cooked supper, load to the head of his train. He the cart from bumping his heels. Christina washed their clothes in

stopped at the head of the handThe prairie sun was still high the stream and hung them on the cart train, rose in his saddle and when the captain gave the order bushes to dry. The captain had

shouted, "Move on!"to camp beside a clear, sparkling ordered a general repair of clothes

"Hurrah! hurrah!"shouted the stream. This was the best camp and of weakening carts,

wagon drivers, who were to follow yet. Christina wanted to jump into Hans lay flat on a blanket beside

in three days. Tinware rattled on the water and saturate her hot face the cart his father was repairing.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A/. l/l/oodiand 5u (Dertkathe VALLEY I Part

so they had to close their eyes and dled around the campfire with dream, and then awake to kiss blankets over their coats, eagerly

Father and Mother and thank God awaiting the meeting to hear the for their lovely dream. counsel of the leaders about moving

A wonderful voice, and a beaution. A group of missionaries had

ful and courageous spirit, thought arrived from the East on their way the girl, to bring such peace and home to the Valley. Joseph Young,

comfort unto these weary people; Brigham's eldest son, was among

singing of a life that was only a them. He arose and told them what

dream. Life was nothing but they already knew: that he sincerely

sweat, hunger, exhaustion, thirst, feared the snows would overtake and courage, courage, COURAGE, them b'efore they reached the valley;

bolstered by the nightly meetings. that his father was worried beThe bugle soundcause they had started so late; and

ed calling the Saints those who gave the order would be to meeting. Brother responsible for the great loss of

Roper admonished life that was inevitable.

% them to be thankful There was a general stir and that they were God's nodding of heads.

chosen people with Elder Franklin D. Richards arose

his only proper faith. and reprimanded the Saints for their

After Brother Tymurmurings: "In the name of

ler's benediction, they Israel's God, though the storms may extinguished their come from the east, west, north, fires to prevent a south, the Lord will keep open the prairie blaze and reway so all will arrive in Zion!"

tired to their earthy Christina stood at the back of beds. the circle and heard the shouting of

The night was hot "Amen!"She knew that meant

and close. The stars pushing on into the vast wasteland

were dimmer than that assured only fatigue and danusual, and there was ger and threatened of winter and death. When they should leave no moon. Christina the camp at Florence, they would

saw lightning in the be leaving the last supply post on western sky; a dark the journey.

cloud was filling the She saw Papa and Mamma shout- "Let us ask Cousin Viggo to heavens; thunder began to rumble;

rest. ing the campfires with The

his Christian sing about of King Endless streaks and soon it boomed.

lit their thin tears faces brown and to soldiers lightning cheer us."brave were whipping The earth and

mother was smiling at her nephew. sky; then a deluge of rain poured glistened in the light. The shout was really a dirge.

"If he will sing, let him sing, down, as if to avenge the lightning.

In the her father morning was Lille Paraplyen,''Den Ole med to tugging pull the***** spring seat in the a weakly wagon, broken Sis- "pROM suggested Hans. "Then maybe

it together bind with and the Fowler handspoke Asa watched little will quit Erik ter Jorgensen's bawling and go to sleep instead."cart train ahead. The little Danish rawhide. The train was moving.

girl was pulling with her mother. He Asa saw him and thought, "Now's

Christina laughed loud and had to find some way to keep her my chance."His strong arms had

hearty, hoping to put Viggo in the with him; if they ever parted, she'd sooned joined the splintered ends

mood for his sentimental task. His tell. No use trying to scare the and bound them securely, receiving

famous mother, the Danish nightlittle tigercat; kind flattery would the gratitude of the parents and the

ingale, had sung that song the night do better. As a married man in the admiration of the boys. "Us Saints

before she was caught in the theater settlements, he wouldn't be bothered have gotta help each other,"Asa fire and died, and for many years quite solemnly. a the winter. the law, through In offered by "Uh—got that. before little job wheel afore the hit spring, on mah after he'd wagon out for

Afraid to wait and think, Viggo's the gold fields, she could stay any- I push on. If you'd like, the gal

rich voice was filling the wilderness where, and if she did ever reach the could stay at the Fort here while I with the lullaby. The people were valley, this Knute would never find do it and then ride in the wagon,

gathering around to hear the old him in California, even if he tried. and ah'll walk, to catch up. A onefamiliar saga of Lille Ole, who *'*#'*.'* eyed nigger could see she's needin'

raised his parasol over all good The night air was too chilly for a rest from pullin'."

children at dusk and made it dark, early September. The Saints hud- (Continued on page 126)

FEBRUARY 1952 85 A beacon shining forth in the darkness—The National Capitol Building, Washington, D. C, at night. Horydczak

that political reform alone will not Spirituality solve national or world problems.

Today there is a wave of feeling and amongthe solutionthe peoplesto all ofhumanity'sall nationsprobthat lems lies with government. When

Political Reform peoplethe governmentare unhappy,for aid.theyWhenappealtheyto

fail to get what they want, they plan to overthrow the government. So

5u lA/Utiam (L-. UjSerrett universal has the feeling become that

government is responsible for indiASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION, vidual welfare, that today no single

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY government in the world is secure, and those governments most easily leaders of nations were in conand the establishment of forms of govoverthrown are undergoing changes as often as the seasons.Theference at Versailles, France. The ernment under which any new nayear—1919. The event—the framtions should function; third, the esing of a peace treaty by the allied tablishment of a democracy in Tn nations like the United States of

nations to be imposed upon the Germany. America, public pressure upon govEntente. In that peace conference All of the above objectives were of ernment to cure their troubles by

one figure towered above all others: the same general nature. They all new legislation and executive decree

Woodrow Wilson, President of the had to do with principles and forms has become so great as to override

United States. The world was sick. of political government. It was a the common sense of legislators, so

It was reeling from a major attack frank attempt to alleviate the world's that there pours forth annually a itof the disease—war. There was in troubles by political reform. Presimass of new legislation that makes

the minds of millions the hope that dent Wilson had already thought to difficult to keep abreast of it and a the patient would have a permanent solve the problem of the Far East by battery of courts to interpret it. The

recovery, and the diplomats were full aiding a movement to establish a discontented of America are beating of plans for the prevention of further republican form of government for a path to Washington. As one comattacks. the ageold empire of China. mentator put it, the people have

President Wilson and his staff atIn the three decades that have turned to government rather than to tended that peace conference with a passed since that memorable peace God for succor.

plan for permanent peace. That conference, the world has been Here and there a voice is raised

plan had three major aspects: first, plunged into World War II and seems to show the futility of attempting to

the establishment of a League of Nato be fast approaching another such cure our ills by legislation while the tions; second, the selfdetermination conflagration. nation continues in spiritual lethargy.

of the minority groups of Central It is not that political reform was Dr. Joseph Sizoo, for twelve years

Europe as to their national allegiance not needed, but it should be apparent pastor in Washington, D. C, states

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his observation on this matter as folwhen central governmental control Having all manner of fruit, and of grain, silks, fine of of linen, and of gold, andlows: gave way to local tribal government. 3 and

silver, of things; of precious and and

I have seen all manner of individuals Out of the account comes this great And also all manner of cattle, of oxen, and groups traveling like caravans to the lesson to mankind: No form of govand cows, and of sheep, and of swine, and

nation's capitol thinking that the fulfilment ernment succeeds unless the people of goats, and also many other kinds of animals which were useful for the food of turned whatof their hopes on spiritual level, could be maintain and a high 6 man. the government.provided by for them are sucmost forms of government

Everybody who came there during the latter years wanted something. cessful when high spirituality obtains A similar account is found in Ether

among officers and subjects. which ends with this significant senBut he concludes, Thus long periods of national prostence, "And never could be a people

You can no more build our national life perity and social equality were enmore blessed than were they, and upon economic legislation only or on a new joyed under monarchies. In giving more prospered by the hand of the

social code than a watch can run with a an account of his reign to his peoLord."(Ether 10:1628.)

are wise mainspring.broken We

1 enough ple T. the aging King Benjamin said: There were, however, periods under enough. goodtoday but we are not

wicked kings, when the people I say unto you that as I have been suffered 6

In the midst of current problems it to spend my days in your service, even up mourned.

is well to look to the past for guidance. to this time, and have not sought gold nor It is a king who points out the

What the centuries say to the minutes silver nor any manner of riches of you; strength and the dangers inherent in

must not be ignored. And the cenbe Neitherconfinedhavein dungeons,I sufferednorthatthat yeye shouldshould monarchies. King Mosiah, in proturies have much to say in regard to make slaves one of another, nor that ye posing a democracy for his people,

the relationship of political reform should murder, or plunder, or steal, or to follow his death said:

with other factors. We are far too commit adultery; nor even have I suffered

it of that is better should be that ye should any commit manner a man Nowready to look upon our political ills of for wickedness, the judgthat ye taught you than judged and have of man, God as new phenomena, whereas few situshould keep the commandments of the ments of God are always just, but the ations arise that have not had their Lord, in all things which he hath comjudgments of man are not always just.

parallels in the past. In regard to manded you Therefore, if it were possible that you

problems of political and social reAnd even I, myself, have labored with could have just men to be your kings, who form, the Book of Mormon presents mineand thatownye handsshould thatnot beI mightladen withserve taxes,you, wouldthis peopleestablishaccordingthe lawsto hisof commandments,God, and judge some important lessons, for although and that there should nothing come upon yea, if ye could have men for your kings the book was written to portray other you which was grievous to be borne—and who would do even as my father Benjamin

than political problems, such political of all these things which I have spoken, did for this people—I say unto you, if this

information is nevertheless set down ye Yet,yourselvesmy brethren,are witnessesI have notthisdoneday. these couldexpedientalwaysthatbeye theshouldcase alwaysthen ithavewouldkingsbe

as to cast much light upon the relathngs that I might boast, neither do I tell to rule over you.

tionship of political reform to spiritthese things that thereby I might accuse And even I myself have labored with all uality. you; but I tell you these things that ye the power and faculties which I have

that the a clear conto teach I can possessed, answer commandments know you is of unique, may Book The Mormon this peace establish science before throughout to day. 4 of God, and God

it gives account in that continuous a should that there wars nor be land, the no of two nations which existed, one contentions, no stealing, nor plundering, following the other, upon the Amernor murdering, nor any manner of iniquity;

ican continent for a period totaling I And whosoever has committed iniquity, to the according law punished I have him years. Further, nearly three thousand

fathers. to us given by our has been which The Book of Mormon fell primarily these nations rose and all that you, because I say unto Now

of internal causes and were because speaks on current menye shouldare nothavejusta kingit isornotkingsexpedientto rule overthat influence or free signally from outside

* record, the pressure. Hence, fragproblems you. iniquity one doth For behold, how much

it is brief as on political mentary and yea, committed, cause to be king wicked matters, nevertheless offers a study and what great destruction!...

of this the voice Therefore, choose by of society you rarely equalled in human civilization also earlier Jaredite The acjudged that judges, people, be ye may story of the mankind. prosperity, of peace, periods long had given to the have been laws which cording

and justice under kings. Thus we you by our fathers, which are correct, and

The Overall Lesson on Forms of read: which were given them by the hand of

Political Government. the Lord....

The Jaredite and Nephite peoples, to Andbe kingafter hethatsawhepeacehad inanointedthe landEmerfor theAndpeopleif thedothtime choosecomes iniquity,that the voicethen ofis whose story is depicted in the the space of two years, and he died, having the time that the judgments of God will is time the yea, he then you; upon come full days, were marry seen exceeding which of lived at various Book Mormon,

as destruction great even visit will with you to that pass of sorrow. Emer it came And 7 political times govforms of under this land. visited hitherto has he fill steps the his stead, did in reign and did

ernment ranging from pure theocracy of his father.

to monarchies and dictatorships. And the Lord began again to take the 13 ut while the prophets favored

land, of the house off the curse and of from periods democracy were There such kingdoms, over democracies the prosper under exceedingly did Emer all officers political were when result in not always did democracies of sixty of in the space reign and Emer;

civil liberties elected prewere and Internal exceeding people. for years they had become the happiness and two

constitution served a written under strong, insomuch that they became exceeding 2 9:1518. "Ether periods or set of laws. rich There were 11:1-7; Ether 10:5-8. See Mosiah

1Make Lift Worth Living, p. 42. sSee III Nephi 7:1-4. 7Mosiah 29:1217, 25, 27.

2See Alma 30:9-11. 4Mosiah 2:1215. (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1952 87 SPIRITUALITY AND POLITICAL REFORM (Continued from preceding page) the pride and craftiness and all the contenWhile no details are given of the difficulties and even armed strife arose tions which were among his people, seeing attempts made by either Alma or save reclaim that them he might way as in no quite readily as democraciesin through about reform Nephi to bring it testimony in in pure bearing were down 9 instance the In eachkingdoms. well measures, governmental it can them. against

factor most important seems to be be assumed that such attempts were the spiritual level of the people rather That Alma and his fellow missionmade and failed.

than the form of government under aries called into like service had great which the people lived. success toward bringing about reform No Security in Government Without

political of government form No the word of by preaching God is atSpirituality.

fail as so rapidlycan record. a socalled tested to by the

democracy when the moral level of In a later period another man of HPhe Book of Mormon attests the a people is lowered. A single generaGod, Nephi, also arose to the highest insecurity of a people who have

tion without God can plunge a nacivil position in the land, and like lost the spirit of God. Such people

tion toward oblivion. Dr. Albert Alma he too resigned that position invariably became involved in interSchweitzer, from his famed hospital to bring about national reform by national strife as well as in interin the heart of Africa, puts it this preaching the word of God. national war which sapped their

way: And it came to pass that in this same strength and reduced them to poverty.

If you think it through, you cannot escape year, behold, Nephi delivered up the judgThe secret of national security and the conclusion that if men do not adopt mentseat to a man whose name was peace is found in this explanation by carries for Cezoram. with it a respectan ethic which Alma:

For as their laws and their governments dignitythe of others the subhence and of voice established people, the the were by restraint, tomission a personal then moral of the because now, steadiness of And evil chose they were and numermore who alternativesthe other are only two anarchy the to they rich, be church exceeding began they therefore good, ous chose than who its inevitablewith demoralizachaos and all of having abundance things whatsofor for destruction, ripening the they weretion, rule decrees of might with and and in ever stood they of abundance corrupted. laws had become need—and is ruthlessness, established asan order by

flocks herds, fatlings of and every and 8 all; this Yea, they not were and a was thedone by Communists.

kind, of also grain, and abundance and people, that they could stiffnecked insomuch of gold, things, precious and and of silver, governed be law nor justice, of by the In the book of Doctrine and Covenot silk of and finetwined abundance and it destruction. save were to their

nants section 134, the Church of And it came to pass that Nephi had belinen, and all manner of good homely

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints come weary because of their iniquity; and he cloth.

recognizes the value and efficacy of yielded up the judgmentseat, and took it And thus, in their prosperous circumall forms of political government, so upon him to preach the word of God all stances, they did not send away any who long as that government preserves theLehi remainderalso, all theof hisremainderdays, andof hishis brotherdays. 11 werewere naked,athirst, oror thatthatwerewerehungry,sick, oror thaithat

religious liberty. of experience The not nourished; they had been did not and

that set the cause riches; theirthe Church has been hearts therefore upon eAIma'". aid.,4:19. chapters 5, 6, 7.

of Christ can flourish under many 11Helaman 5:1-4. they were liberal to all, both old and

forms of civil government so long as young, both bond and free, both male and female, whether out of the church or in the the right of worship is left inviolate. ADVICE TO YOUNG EXPLORERS church, having no respect to persons as to

those who stood in need.

Attempts to Cure National Ills by By Maryhale Woolsey And thus they did prosper and become

Legislation.

Go,youngbuild feet;new trails for your strong farbelongmoreto wealthytheir church.than.those.. who did not The Book of Mormon stands as a

calling. are worlds always There new it to that exercispass thus came by And illssignpost to nations that national

stars are the forget not But do how the sufferset, ing every law them, upon man legislationcannot be cured by while is of watching a worthy compass How according ing to that he done, which had yet spiritualthe condition of the people not durst became more still, and your triumphs will never be quite theyremains if it neglected. any wickedness commit were The younger known; Alma For complete

sought to bring about reform by enTill you map the new so others can view therefore, there was much peace among of until people the fifth year Nephi come following you, come thetering political life and rose to the And 13 of the of reign the judges. following.

chiefjudgeship, the highest civil office in his nation (Mosiah 29:42), And make new songs for your singing,

child; national as we Much may desire to findonly immorality, that while slumbering. melodies are countless There international peace, and webribery, strains reform refrains sweetest and dishonesty prevailed will echo in But your

the ranks, little could be done for From some that were caroled in Edenmust not be misled into supposing lanes; that these ends can be achieved byhis people. Accordingly, Alma child, find of bringing, reYou'll worthy"them legislation alone, new or by the to the his civilsigned yellowed page your shining position to From return

his peopleamong as a prophet of Forageremembering, further remembering. thesettingUnitedup ofNations.new politicalWithoutreformsspiritlike teacher and of righteousness.God

A bright new day will be yours, child ual reform, the new legislation is

And this he did that he himself might yours likely to become the tool of knaves,

Lift to its up clear forth eyes dawning hisgo people, the among or among the to heed an older and political organizations like the mind what With ofpeople that Nephi, preach the he might word of God unto them, to stir them up in creed United Nations but screens behind for need. from yesterday tomorrow's Saved flourish of their duty, whichremembrance that and new forms of interspirit swiftest highest soars which and he The

allmight pull down, by the word of God, national chicanery. fly in to learned have a lower Must

sAs quoted by Harold E. Stassen, in Ladies'Home sky

Journal, July 1951, p. 131. And treasured the joy of learning! 12Alma 1:2931, 33.

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOUTH

girls went to the Coast recently. If you're a high school graduate,

SixThey were sorority sisters and you have spent more than 13,000

Latterday Saints. While driving hours in school. A person of average

along they eventually got around to intelligence can read the Book of discussing a challenging talk given Mormon in twentyone hours. Does

recently by a Church Authority. Five this not give new meaning to Dr.

of them felt it was "extreme."Ann John A. Widtsoc's words:

differed. As they argued and the discussion broadened to fundamental reThe gospel should be studied more inligious issues, it became more and tensivelyThey whothanpass anyopinionschoolonorthecollegegospelsubject.withmore apparent that Ann had a grasp out having given it intimate and careful

of the precepts of the gospel while study are not lovers of truth and their opinthe others had only vague impresions are worthless. (Evidences and Reconsions. There were sociology and Engciliations, page 8.)

lish majors in the group. But, as some

The Lord seemed anxious that weof them admitted, their religious understand this. "Behold, I say unto

thinking was far behind their acayou, that you must study it out in demic thinking.

your mind,"we read in a modern At bedtime that first night there revelation. than (D. 9:8.) More & C. "Aren't an embarrassed, gowas we

verses in the Doctrine and Covealling to pray?"knelt Awkwardly—H. Armstrong Roberts forty

in say, another, or one waywith find."shall President Ann—some for the first time in nants"Seek and ye

years.

A week of such opensouled talks George Albert Smith, not many months before his death, reiteratedand prayers did something to that this law in his conference address in theirgroup. return they home On April 1949. Our leaders understand

that a Fo theywere agreed begin would careful study of the gospel and meet the principle. Read the accounts of

their studies. early religious ownonce a week for discussion, Ann lead-

I. A. (Hours with Our Leaders, M.

ing. YOURSELF

Manual, Bryant S. Hinckley, 1942.)

Since then they have been concenAgain, writes Dr. Widtsoe:

trating on the gospel as they do on physics but or French with added Dm is gospel, the the So important to guide 7 Llarh 2)tron9 of them, never it havingfervor. One that conduct, well for be would human

opened the Doctrine and Covenants every lover of truth to set aside fifteen to before, became so absorbed that she best, and use most, the things you thirty minutes daily for the study of the read it half through in one sitting. hear secondhand or the things you yearsgospel.yieldSuchmasteryregularof gospelstudy principles.will in a (Evifew

Another carried the Pearl of Great dig out firsthand? The answer is so dences and Reconciliations, page 8.)

Price to the library, spent the afterobvious it is overlooked.

noon on it alone, and said to the Your class attendance in Church When can you find that fifteen to group later, "I felt like I wanted to organizations may be impressive. But thirty minutes? Several of my friends

read everything, everything inspired your actual knowledge of the prinfind it just before they go to bed. Even

men ever recorded."Their Church ciples of the gospel, your spiritual when they come home late they give

activities have taken on new meaning. power, is proportional to the amount a few minutes to study before turnLife is beginning to be more than an of concentrating you do on your own. ing out the light. It soon becomes a

empty ideal. What you derive from classes depends habit.

Too many of us are starving for on what you bring. Until you begin Some of them are browsing through

spiritual food in the midst of plenty. to think, discuss, question, study one or more of the classic Church

indifferbring are most biographies are available. that Why Some yourself—you

aries spiritually attentive a is sometimes wonder there historically, scriptures are reading the returned—missionwhy is digence.forNo

their gospel understanding usually wide gap between the truths of the some subjectively, some at random for greater—than most others of equal gospel and our conceptions of them. inspiration. Some of them are memointellect at home? Partly because, Understanding and integrity do not rizing choice passages. Some are readdaily and intensively, they have dug spring from the passive process some ing Church books written especially

for themselves. Do you remember of us follow. (Concluded on page 110)

FEBRUARY 1952 89 THE

SEWAGE DISPOSAL

PROBLEM

PROFESSOR OF AGRONOMY AND BACTERIOLOGY BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Thefrontssewageofficialsdisposalof problemmost of conour wasfinallytheworkedwriter's out,privilegehowever,a fewandyearsit grownlaid thousandson these waters.of duck Theseeggs, whichducks

American cities today. Sewage ago to visit their unique sewage diseggs were marketed to the townsmaterial is dangerous to the health of posal plant. They decided to carry people. When ducks and duck eggs

man, and he must be protected from the sewage in cementlined canals are present, baby ducklings accumuit. Yet, it is high in minerals and to a place about three miles from the late in abundance. As many as

vitamins essential to human wellcity. At a specified place, large cetwenty-two thousand baby ducklings

being. How can it be handled, its ment tanks were built and the sewage were marketed each year.

value utilized, and yet not become emptied into them. After a sufficient

responsible for the spread of human length of time had elapsed to allow 'These profitable undertakings do disease? the solid material to settle to the not constitute all the values obMany cities care for it by having it bottom of the tanks, the supernatant tained from this sewage, for the resipass directly into the ocean. This liquid was siphoned off into a second due in the tanks into which the

practice results in a waste of all the canal and carried three or four miles sewage was originally poured deplant foods and other desirable subfarther down the country, where a composes and liberates a good supply stances it contains. Some cities spray series of ponds had been created. The of gas. The gas in the tanks is carit over rocks and cinders so that it soluble organic matter in the ponds ried in various ways to a place where

can be rapidly oxidized, while others of sewage was slowly oxidized, and it is mixed with air and coal gas, and screen it and later burn the activated after all danger of contamination had this mixture is sold by the city offisludge that is left. This, too, is waste. passed, the water from the ponds cials for the purpose of furnishing

One unique method of taking care was emptied into a river close by. light and cooking gas to Munich inof sewage is known as "Broad IrThis diluted sewage pond water habitants.

rigation."The sewage is spread over was found to be very rich in plant There comes a time when the desandy soils and used as fertilizer for food, and it was believed that fish composition process in the bottom of

the growing of truck and garden could live and grow successfully bethese tanks is very much slowed up.

crops. this is Although rich of its contents. a good way Accordcause has remains. This sludge residual A

to save nutrients the valuable and year, ingly fish were planted each the too, for it is taken from a value, use them for the growing of crops, and one hundred and sixty tons of bottom of the tanks, dried, cut into epidemics have been known to fish were grown, harvested, and sold blocks, and sold to the farmers of develop because of this practice. to the people in Munich. After a Germany for fertilizer use.

Vegetables grown on such soils may season or two, the water was found

Sewage disposal, therefore, by thecontain disease germs if the sewage to be too rich in plant foods, for vast should be contaminated with harmamounts of vegetation accumulated at officials of the city of Munich has proved to be a most profitable investful organisms. So, if vegetables are the surface of the water, and at the

known to have.been grown on such end of the growing season this vegement. Disagreeable odors are resafely the city. All danger from moved soils, fertilizedsewage the housewife die tation and decompose. would The

is eliminated. There of disease spread particularly ca,reful that shemust be utilized in in the the oxygen water

cleans and prepares them very thordecomposition process created an is produced gas for light and cooking;

oughly indeed., oxygen deficiency, which condition fish, ducks, and duck eggs are grown

dithe contain the ponds which on fish to the caused prevent die. To

sold are ducklings luted sewage; baby

it this loss("Officials of the city of Munich, that decided ducks was on the market; and solid residual Germany, have discovered what should be placed upon the ponds.

may be the proper way. This city, They could eat this vegetation and materials are sold for commercial

before the war, had a population of prevent its accumulation and thus fertilizer. Nothing is wasted. This

800,000, and for decades the way to eliminate much that would be availmethod furnishes the city with a vast rid the city of its sewage effectively able for decomposition. Accordingly, amount of revenue and has proved to

had been a problem. A method was six thousand ducks were planted and be a most profitable venture.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POMEROY Family GENEALOGY

jrrom y(r Jtudu i5u jrrank J. j-comeroi

For six long years this was Francis

EDITOR'S NOTE Martin Pomeroy's life. He became a

third mate on his second voyage and

The study of genealogy is fascinating to many people. A more a second mate on the third. On his

fascinating study, perhaps, awaits those fortunate enough to uncover fourth voyage, his vessel was struck diaries and stories which make ancestors not a series of birth, marriage, by a terrific storm off the coast of and death dates but make them real life people. Peru as it was proceeding north.

This story concerning one of the Pomeroy ancestors is from the The boat sank, and he was the only pen of Frank T. Pomeroy, who, while more than fourscore years of age, known survivor. He was picked up

still pursues genealogical and temple work at Mesa, Arizona. unconscious on the beach by a

Castilian family and nursed back to health. He stayed there almost two

Francis Martin Pomeroy, second those days a race between the brain years before returning to New Engson of a family of nine children, and muscle of the men and the land.

was apprenticed to his uncle at superior weight of the whale. A

the age of fourteen. Although used to boat had to be manned, usually by

the rigors of Connecticut farm life ten oarsmen, and maneuvered close T-Jome once again, he was convinced of the early nineteenth century, he enough to allow the keen edge of that Providence had been trainfound his bacheloruncle's stern ways the handthrown harpoon to bite ing him for something better. This

difficult. Once he obtained permisinto the whale. Then followed the conviction, plus his New England

sion to have a day off to see the travreal fight as the oarsmen started the thrift, indicated that he should seek eling circus if he could learn to recite boat back toward the ship, while on employment closer home. He met

the printing in a spelling book from the end of their line was a whale, Ashbel Green Haskell, who was cover to cover. It would have been often ninety feet long and up to one operating a sawmill in New Salem,

impossible for anyone not possessed hundred tons, trying to shake loose Massachusetts, and soon had a job of his zeal for learning. Francis from the harpoon. Now diving, now at the sawmill. There he became

made the recitation for his uncle, enchurning the waters, the whale with acquainted with Mrs. Haskell and

joyed the circus, went home that one sweep of its tail could easily her daughter by a former marriage, weekend to say goodbye to his famsmash the boat, and all the lives Irene Ursula.

ily, and journeyed to the seacoast to would be lost. (Continued on page 124)

join the crew of a whaling vessel.

The whaler, a strong, rugged, A threemasted whaling vessel, the "Eagle,"from an old water color painting. This

threemasted ship, was to sail south, ship is similar to the one on which—Courtesy,FrancisOld DartmouthMartin PomeroyHistorical Societyspent andsix yearsWhalingofMuseumhis life.

around the tip of South America, up the Pacific coast to the whaling grounds in the Bering Sea. Here

both the American and Asiatic sides would be "fished,"and the expedition would take about two years before returning to its New England base. But if the ship itself was wellequipped for the voyage, the men

were not. With the exception of

the officers, the men were first enlistees, and were a motley lot; some

were ne'erdo-wells; and some were

semicriminals, anxious to drop from sight for a couple of years. The

sixteenyear-old Francis soon discovered that the sternness of his uncle was child's play compared to what he now faced, but he enjoyed his training period as the ship sailed south, and he readily learned the rigging ropes and malls, as well as his other duties.

"Thar she blows!"the cry that a

whale has been sighted, meant in

FEBRUARY 1952 Dear F.

Continuing the theme of my letter:

to the fugitive who gathers forces THE OFAs in the wilderness by "drawing WORLD off"people from, his rival, in the Part VI first century there was Lu Fang, "the military a small leader of band, half (J->i4 Jfuak f, PL 2). soldiers, bandits,"half nearly who

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYwon the Hunnish and Chinese empires for himself and would have done so had not some of his ambitious risky one of world monarch—and ish gifts, for "the people of Akish

officers deserted him just as he had back again, in a world where "every were desirous for gain, even as Akish deserted others.""Having cheated his man was rilled with the desire to was desirous for power; wherefore

brother of the throne, Attila "hoped become an independent prince,"and the sons of Akish did offer them to subdue the entire world."''After every independent prince to become money, by which means they drew

Attila's death two of his descendants lord of all."Time and again "the away the more part of the people

went out into the wilderness, and boldest... adventurers flocked to after them."(Ether 9:11.) It was

there gathered about them "armies the banner of the new and successthe sons of Genghis Khan, you will of outcasts,"each hoping in time to ful chieftain of the race,"as in our remember, who did most of his camwin back the world empire for himown day the youth of all central paigning for him, and from the very self. You will remember that Asia joined the fifteenyear-old Ma beginning the secret of his power

Genghis Khan* lived for years as an Chungying as he "calmly worked out was the huge heap of riches that outcast and a bandit as he gathered a plan for the conquest of the whole always stood near his throne and around him the forces that were to world."100 from which, after the immemorial

all rivals. his time, the of conquer At the steppes, is he rewarded practice custom the Jaredite only Not

of time, all princes the the pattern joined and most to off"followers to him. 102 "The of seeking all who "draw

of central Asia, "the leaders, the an army that builds its forces and of steppe imperialism"is ever the bagadurs and noyans, strove to bebides its time in the wilderness in the same, according to Vernadsky, become independent by attracting sub-1 best Asiatic tradition, 101 but also the ginning with "accumulated wealth in jects and followers of their own."method of doing it is likewise the the hands of some able chieftain,"

The great rulers of Asia have reguusual one. Thus Akish bound his which enables him to expand

larly passed from the risky station followers around the nucleus of his his popularity among neighboring of bandit chief to the hardlv less family (the Asiatic conquerors are clans."103 The Jaredite pattern is well

Variant spellings Jenghis Khan, Chingis Khan. fanatically familyconscious) by lavauthenticated 101 and is nothing less

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA than "the ancient law"of the forth of recent years to teach is raising an army against him in the khans. 104 us the ways of men at the dawn wilderness.

But if the ambitious chieftain gains of history, it is apparent that oaths, The story of the rise and career of adherents by bribery, he keeps them conspiracies, and combinations were any great conqueror is a long cataby oaths. The oath is the cornerthe established order of things log of terrible oaths taken and broken,

stone of the Asiatic state as of the from the beginning. What better the most solemn of these being sealed

Jaredite. Akish again furnishes an illustration of this could one ask by the drinking of blood, as when

excellent example: than the great Babylonian New "the King of the Commains had the

... Akish gathered in unto the house of Year's hymn, the "Enuma Elish,"in Emperor of Constantinople and his

Jared all his kinsfolk (this is always the which Tiamat, aiming at the rule of (Continued on following page) first step with any Asiatic conqueror) the universe, "draws off"the gods to

.... all him, unto sware they.. and conspire unside, so that "they her THE WAY OUT

also the of heaven, by the and by God the against night day"ceasingly and earth, the also by and by heavens, and Key:

their heads, that whoso should vary from rightful ruler, and "gather themselves A. The Land of Shinear, where the Great

the assistance which Akish desired should together in a host to make battle."Twer was. (P. Dhorme, in "Rev.

lose his head.... When he heard the news, the true Biblique"1928, 509511). Ether 1:33.

valley northward"was which the administer unto B. "The them did Akish And throne sat "grim and upon his of headwaters northern (2:1). (The of old king given by them oaths were which

... silent, saying a word, without a hub of the Euphrates "command also been power, sought had which who

routes, to valleys travel and his radiating thigh, his he bit "He smote handed down even from Cain. (Ether 8:13then

its imporowes Euphrates the which finally 15.) his voice,"lips, controlled and of commercial as a tance and highway

his "Hist, to order assemble the A. penetration."Moret, army military terrible are gave oaths these Note that I, 306). de l'Orient"the took formal acclamation by which explicitly to the Old traced back valley was of the Nimthe name C. "And

its leader to allegiance of eternal oath of country: (2:1). rod"home Nimrod texts in "the oldest very World. The 103

legends. (N. goes placenames and This story which Nimrod acMarduk. in the world,"oldest language Emin). of (the things back to the beginning incantations are cording there to Hommel, never had where "That quarter D.

first text the actual comes from thought (2:5). Anau, once been"Babyman conclusion: stereotyped the "having 106 world, city in the was the oldest to be primitive lonian dynasty) is no mere 'let (or conjured) by the it be sworn wilderness. built in a originally

name of heaven, let it be sworn by fantasy: It is the authentic and E. "The sea in the wilderness"(2:7). Both

"10* B Seas were the Caspian and Aral much of picture familiar the great Khan of earth!'the From the name

are they times in ancient larger than relative learns that a and a that who flood come have of documents rival today.

F. "Many waters"(2:6). The Turanian

plain was anciently full of lakes, marshes, and streams. The Oxus Delta

was a vast lake.

G. Ancient course of the Oxus (as recentlythe JAREDITES as the time of Alexander), now dried

up.

FEBRUARY 1952 93 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from preceding page) his personal power and prestige, has Asiatic tyrant; the lechery and

opmagnificence and the cruelty, the of blooded, a class each drank andpeople the presence to be on to reckon sort of are of blood. all there. That priests the other's pressionalternately powerful..."10, of ambitious and

The annals of the Assyrians conduct usually shamans. Even Genghis thing was wellknown in Joseph

us, as does the study of the oldest Khan, the mightiest of them all, was Smith's day—after all Hajji Baba

languages of Asia, into a world of nearly pushed from his throne by an came out in 1824—but the Book of

oaths and covenants. And why ambitious high priest, and at the Ether goes far beyond the convenshould this be so? The explanation dawn of history more than one such tional picture to show us institutions

is simple, for the purpose of the oath high priest seized the rule for himquite alien to the experience of westis to bind. (The Egyptian word for self."1 The case of the brother of ern people.

oath, to give one example, is simply Shared whose "high priest murdered Such is the practice, mentioned ankh, originally a knot. In a world him as he sat upon his throne"many times in the book, of keeping

of vast open spaces and limited popu- (Ibid., 14:9) is, then, thoroughly typ- a king prisoner throughout his entire

lation, where wandering nomads may ical, and that by no mere coincidence, lifetime, allowing him to beget and take independence for themselves by for we are told not only that the rear a family in captivity, even hunting beasts or driving cattle over system was inherited "from them of though the sons thus brought up limitless grasslands, how can men be old"and perpetuated by the same would be almost sure to seek vengebound to any spot or leader? They methods—secret societies, family comance for their parent and power for

must be tied by oaths, because there pacts, bribes, oaths, etc.—as in the themselves upon coming of age. Thus

is no other way of binding them. Of Old World, but we are also given a Kib was taken captive by his own

course every effort was made to make clear image of the physical backson, begot yet other children in capthe oath as binding, that is, as terground of the whole thing. tivity, and died of old age, still a

rible as possible, and of course such We are told for example, how a prisoner. To avenge Kib, his son

oaths were broken whenever conson of King Akish, enraged at his Shule overcame the unfilial Corihor venient. The ease with which one father for the inhuman death of his whom, however, he allowed to concould pass from one camp to another brother by starvation (how typical), tinue in power in the kingdom!

put every king on his guard, so that went out and joined the growing hosts Shule in turn was taken prisoner by

Asiatic kingship is at all times enof the deposed King Omer, who, since Corihor 's son Noah, only to be kidveloped in a stifling—and very he had been overthrown by a "secret napped from his prison and restored

Jareditish—atmosphere of suspicion combination of Akish and his friends,"to power by his own sons. And so

and intrigue. Mithra rules, says the had been dwelling in tents and on: "Seth... did dwell in captivity

Avesta, by virtue of his ten thousand gathering strength for a comeback. all his days.... Moron dwelt in

spies, all of alone which make him (Ibid., Ch. 9.) Note

is kings undeceivable. the fluidity 101 'This of Jaredite society-—thethe apparentpossidays;captivityand allhe begatthe remainderCoriantor. Andof hisit

institution of "the King's eyes"and bility of large parties of people wancame to pass that Coriantor dwelt "the King's ears,"perfected in Persia dering here and there over a sparsein captivity all his days and...

and inherited by the monarchs of lysettled continent. Note also how begat Ether, and he died, having

many lands. The success of any closely conditions in "this north coundwelt in captivity all his days."U2

conspiracy against watchful royalty try"duplicate those prevailing in It seems to us a perfectly ridiculous depends therefore on secrecy and surthe same latitudes on the other side system, yet it is in accordance with prise before all else, and so we have of the world, where much the same the immemorial Asiatic usage. Thus

as the unfailing adjunct and nemesis landscape also prevails. This, we when the brothers Baidu and Kaijatu

of Asiatic kingship the secret society, will see later, is very significant, for disputed the throne of Asia, the adinvesting all life with a paralyzing it plainly points to the possible origin visers of the latter when he gained sense of insecurity, as Hoernes notes, of much of the Indian way of life ascendency declared: "It is right that

and overthrowing dynasties and emamong the hunters and nomads of he should be yoked under service, 110 pires in a single night. Asia's gift Asia at a very early date—the very and that he should be kept in bondto the world has many times saved thesis that has so often been thrown age for the whole period of his life,

the world from Asia's rule, for how up as the strongest argument against so that his hand can never be many a Persian, Hunnish, or Mongol the Book of Mormon is first prostretched out to kill or commit any conqueror has had to turn his back pounded by the Book of Mormon itinjury."

on the West just as he stood on the self! But more of this later. In the Book of Ether King

verge of world conquest, to quench Hearthom... "served many years in

the fires of rebellion set by the secret A World of Jails captivity."(Ibid., 10:30; King Levi

conspiracies of his relatives behind failed Ibid., Kaijatu same, 10:15.) like their Asiatic the Jaredites, The his back!.normal constitution The to to regret, his advice, the heed the Nephites), (and unlike

of Asiatic empire, write Huart and relatives for his a presently staged brother monarchists, thoroughgoing were

Delaporte, is "despotism tempered and their monarchy is the wellknown coup and put him in a tower for the by dethronement and assassination, Asiatic despotism lacking none of the rest of his days.m

in which the clergy play the leading trimmings. Take the four verses Benjamin of Tudela tells how the

lloa role."that describe the reign of Riplakish, khalif—the spiritual ruler of all westFor better or for worse, every Ether 10:5-8. Here, I submit, is the ern Asia—arranged for "the brothers

ruler of the steppes, however great perfect thumbnail portrait of an (Continued on page 98) 94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA material in view of the crisis of the time: "Circumstances change profoundly, but the character of the American

people has not changed greatly or the TH JL *x nature of the principles of conduct, pubJo lic and private, to which they subscribe."

that has sections of the divisions Each present they Churchill, when who was WILL TO LIVETHE under for instance, stimulating; are valu- a most the book occurred, makes A. Hutschneker, M.D., Thomas(Arnold

Y. Crowell and Company, New York. able contribution to the history of World Principles, Traditions and Institutions,

278 pages. $3.50.) War II. There are few writers who have there are eight subdivisions; and under

HThat the mind can and often does inthe ability that Churchill has, and few America a World Power, there are two sections. international his wide have had who is well pretty underthe fluence body will authors atjhe a glance Perhaps

/. C. this relationship of instood. study The experiences.—M. inmaterial the indicate of breadth the

field this in of pioneeringthese days

Bradford, Whitcluded: Walt William OF STEVE THE MATHER

as such various names,appears under

Btenet, Theodore Vincent Stephen PARKS man, NATIONAL

1 psychopsychoanalysis,psychiatry, and Alfred, A. Knopf, Shankland. (Robert Stuart Chase, Roosevelt, Locke John interesting this In medicine.somatic

1951. pages. York. 326 $4.00.) Jefferson, James Adams, New John Thomas experienced book, wellorganized anand fall,of fortyseven-yearold 1914 Marshall, Paine, Tn the Madison, John Thomas

his states doctor views andmedical

Sanletter Root, George Elihu George, wrote T. a Stephen Mather Henry

specific cases from withbacks up them

Bryce, Lincoln, criticizing of tayana, national operation the James the Abraham practice. will that holds thehis He own Franklin, Wilson, Secreto parks K. Lane, then Franklin Benjamin Woodrow

effectually againstof used be may man reWhite, Interior. Allen secretary Hoover, of tary William Herbert the The effecdisease death. sums and up He

or said like others done "If have plied, the the don't who way you and many title in his conclusions totively his the

United to shape the run, help being are parks something on come last to "It is easier chapter, hate but national is all It that of States today. a book to run and Washington them down

love."It will tohealthier be found

critto evaluate read to expecting yourself."wish a should spend who He did,

excellent thisdifficult sane, lay to down States life intelligently rest of his the United the ically and year, but remained book without finishing it.—/. A. W. devoting his boundless energy and much as it is today. M. C. ].

to of his preserving fortune making andLIFE'S MEANING L. NeugarBernice by You Grow How of beauties accessible the natural Amer- P. Press, Association Dusen,(Henry Van E. ten; by Nancy Your Club Handbook

ica. York. pages. 244 $2.50.)New Narcotics Facts by About McDowell;

is his life of the story the and This is it is reprint, a greatly""Phis but modi- E. Virginia Vogel; GuidVictor H. and story of parks national and our monufirst fied of author's edition the from Ellis Weitzing Children's by Growth

is It fascinating biography a ments. is It ago. generation anearly thoroughBetter Paul by Read You Can man; littleknown, romantic a with combinedly will inspire Christian help and and Bricker; ChilHelping Harry Witty and L. history. chapter in G. D. American his for in truth. person Dr. searchany Better Witty; and Paul dren by Read

Van Dusen is president of the Union THORNDIKE BARNHART Fears of Children by Helen Ross; Science

Theological Seminary, New York City. DICTIONARY Research Associates. Chicago 10, Illinois.

The book misses frequently the funda- (Doubleday & Co., Inc., Garden City ""These are some of the new booklets

of structure gospel; the that butmental York. 1951.) New Sein Life the Adjustment available

is uplifting writes always hewhich and various in dictionary published HpHis leaders ries to the are invaluable whichinspiring. chapter on ReThe "Why will helpful to price ranges be many particuof people. parents Of young and for well could reprinted our be to learn words. about more wish who is probnarcotic the lar importance nowsick A. W. tried of this dictionary authors haveligion"world.—/. The is in factual this a treated lem—'and

CLOSING THE RING to simplify the definitions, which in manner—without hysteria. The leader

(Winston S. Churchill. Houghton Mifsome other dictionaries often have either or parent who wishes to obtain the yearflin Company, Boston. 1951. 749 pages offered little real meaning or have cloudly series may obtain the booklets through

$6.00.) ed definitions. an annual subscription of $3.50; each

HPhis volume, the fifth in Churchill's In this special feature the authors copy is forty cents, or three for a dollar.

history of World War II, deals with have succeeded admirably. However, Most of these booklets are of increasing

is still feature that does there one year, ofthe events the 1943June June not value—and

dictionaries, recognized to other measure this of 1944. particular voltheme The initial cost.—M.are C.worth/. more than the

is factor, biographical the and that is IsolatNazi was Germanyume "How ed and Assailed on All Sides."As we for example: it was a matter of no small HOW TO GET MORE OUT OF

stated in earlier reviews of this series, disappointment to find that Louisa May YOUR READING

Inc., Lewis. Co., Doubleday & (Norman could from any been omitted have are pricelessthese the Alcott records—against

pages. York. 19*5 1. City, 425 dictionary, Garden especially one that from and New the historytime when of World War

II can be written fairly and honestly. was aimed to simplify the dictionary $3.95.)

Into this volume go, for instance, Ameriand thus extend its use by youth. |P\ivided into six major headings, the

can translations of secret records taken—M. C. /. book indicates ways of improving

when Hitler held a conference with LIVING IDEAS IN AMERICA reading by giving concrete material some of his leading army officers rela- (Edited by Henry Steele Commager. which the reader is then supposed to do

tive to the defense of Sicily. Harper & Bros., New York. 1951. 766 for himself and check to see whether he

Of vital interest today is the record pages. $6.00.) is able to grasp it and analyze it. It

of the conferences at Cairo and Teheran, HPhree great themes permeate this exis a good book for the person who is one part of which Churchill titled "The ceptional book about America: The sincere in his effort to improve his

Crux."Churchill is the master of inAmerican Setting; American Principles, reading habits of grasping material and

nuendo and has several tonguein-cheek Traditions and Institutions; and Amerof concentration on material being read.

comments that jab American egoism. ica as a World Power. The author, The author indicates also how to skim

But the historical incidents recorded by whose The American Mind proved stimin order to grasp significant ideas.

a person as important as Winston ulating, indicates the significance of this—M. C. /.

FEBRUARY 1952 95 Promise Kept

Su Clizabetk \ / /c

ward handwriting of a child. They

couldn't be—but they were—valentines, from four of Sally's little

friends. Her eyes filled with tears.

How thoughtful, yet how cruel.

'She found herself listening for a child's footsteps hurrying through the yard.'February 14—she hadn't remembered! Why should she? Gala days,

holidays, no longer had any meaning

Perhaps if she turned the clock to The endless stream of telephone calls, for her. But Sally had loved Valenthe wall, Emily thought, she notes, and attempted comfort of tine's Day. How proud she had been

could forget the time, wouldn't friends had occupied her. Then last ear when she'd counted her

notice when its hands reached twelveshe'd found she must help Ralph. "loot"as she called it.

thirty. That was one of the difficult He had been completely shattered "I got a valentine from everyone

intervals in her empty days. Even emotionally, had gone down like an in the class,"she'd announced proudnow, after three months, she found oak in the path of a hurricane. For ly. "And at the end of the afterherself listening for a child's footweeks she'd done her best to comfort noon we had a party. Ice cream and

steps hurrying through the yard, the him, tried to divert his mind from little cakes one of the mothers made.

slamming of the back door, and a the tragedy of their loss, and forced Do you think you could make us treble voice demanding, "Lunch herself to think neither of the past cakes next year, Mother?"

ready, Mother?"nor the future, but to concentrate on Emily started guiltily. Of course,

A dry sob caught in her throat, the trivialities of the moment. she'd promised. But now...? Was

threatening to choke her, and she "Emily is wonderful,"people had it too late? She glanced at the clock.

closed her eyes as if by doing so she said, "so brave!"Tenthirty. If she hurried... there

might shut out the memories which But I'm not brave, she thought. were fortysix pupils in the fourth

. sherose to torture her. I'm a coward. I can't bear to drive grade... fortyfive now..

The swift attack of a dread disease past the school. I can't go to church reminded herself sharply.

... prayerful thanks for a fight almost because Sally went with me. I've got "Cupcakes,"Sally had said, "little

won... the terrible moment when to do these things, she told herself. cupcakes, Mother, with lots of icing."

. andRalph had taken her in his arms Perhaps tomorrow.... Emily picked up the phone

and whispered brokenly, "She's gone, If she turned the clock to the dialed the school. Yes, the fourthDear."party. two- a At having grade was

... wall but the use? was what

it then, believe nor couldn't She love thirtv. Yes, Martine would Miss Sally's She'd hear playmates as they

It couldn't she hapcould have now. class. for the to But cakes have passed the house. couldn't She shut

fair. It her! to wasn't Herpened it too work? wasn't much of out the their laughter sound and

darling, nineyear-oldbaby, her I see, said, "you Emily "No,"shouting.Sally! Why should she be taken, and promised Sally last year. I want to

worthless derelicts of humanity, clut- "Dear God,"she breathed, "please keep that promise, even now. I

tering prisons, of no use to anyone, help me. I can't go on this way."know it would make her happy."

be allowed to live? The click of the letterslot in Strange, how steady her voice

Faith? Of course she had faith. the front hall announced the postseemed!

She believed that her baby was safe, man's arrival. Four envelopes of "I understand,"Miss Martine said

in a far more beautiful world than various sizes lay on the floor, each gently.

this, but somehow that didn't seem bearing her own name in the awk- (Concluded on page 107) to help. She wanted to hold her in

her arms, to hear her confidences. If

only she might have gone with her )en thougl >at if only they might be together!

It hadn't been as difficult at first. 't in making 'Jiildr

She had been numb, without feeling.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TO THE MAN WHO FOOTS THE TRACTOR BILL

How would you like to save time on every condition; and PowrTrol provides effortless,

job... to accomplish more at lower cost fromthe-seat control of both integral and

every hour you're in the field... to cut drawn equipment.

to the repair expenses maintenance and life, greater longer above all, there's And these things and do all bone? many You can field repair fewer, far lower dependability,

more when you're farming with a John Deere bills with a John Deere Tractor, thanks to the twocylinder tractor. unmatched simplicity, the greater strength,

The greater driving force developed by the more rugged construction of exclusive the heavier rotating parts of the twocyl- John Deere twocylinder design.

inder engine stretches fuel dollars, gives Call on your John Deere dealer and get extra lugging power for getting through the the full story of twocylinder tractor econotough spots. The exclusive combination of my. For free descriptive literature, fill out

multispeed transmission and hydraulic Powrand mail the coupon below.

Trol saves you hours-a-week... cuts days

off the work calendar. The six jobgeared

speeds of John Deere GeneralPurpose TracJohn Deere Mo line, Illinois tors match every requirement, suit every

FEBRUARY 1952 97 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 94) and Osiris at once spring to mind.

and other members of the khalif's But the actual carrying out of the family"to live a life of ease, luxury, practice in history as described in the and security: "every one of them Book of Ether comes as a surprise.

possesses a palace within that of the Related to the permanent confinekhalif, but they are all fettered by ment of kings is the institution of of iron, and a special officer forced labor in prisons. Riplakish at less cost chains

is appointed over every household to "... did obtain all his fine work;

than ordinary prevent their rising in114 rebellion yea, even his fine gold he did cause against the great king."to be refined in prison; and all manflooring. Genghis Khan during his earlier ner of fine workmanship he did cause

career was put in stocks and carried to be wrought in prison."(Ibid.,

toA about with the court of a rival prince 10:7.) Work in prison was the alteras a permanent prisoner; his escape native to the paying of ruinous taxes.

SO SIMPLE! was considered superhuman. His (Ibid., 10:6.) Much the same system

Tamerlane, and the the Assyrians from used by his wife was...you can lay it yourself descendant,

prisoners permanent were also made III: Pileser beginning; Tiglath thus

The answer and kept115 in a cowshed by a rival "I laid tribute and taxes upon them to all your ruler.... their horses, their mules, their

dreams of a In an emergency the shah of Persia camels, their cattle and their sheep beautiful tile floor is was unable to come to the same and workmen without number I carHAKO AsTamerlane's aid as an ally because, ried away.... All the skilled artisans

phalt Tile. 1 "2 A he exclaimed, "his nephew Mansur I shrewdly used to best advantage."resildurable,

ient, economhad robbed him of his army and "Feudal dues, forced labor, and overical flooring, prison"into thrown him I he seers imposed land of the upon featuring 7 116—yet modern new 123 letters."able to write pastel was Nairi."to are and standard Even kings colors in made endless

patterns and combinations. When Izzudin overcame his brother serve, as Hearthom did: "Their kings,

Your floor can be the delight Alluddin in their fight for the Seljuk their rulers, I brought into submisall and envy of friends. your in prison; empire, locked he him up sion to my feet and imposed tasktile asphalt is factory HAKO 124 at of seven the end but when to easy waxed, clean, years work."its retains

bright beauty. See Izzudin died, his brother friendly imyour was of Later rulers Asia kept up the lumber dealer today and learn mediately released and put. on the tradition: you the can enjoy a considered Scythians how beautiful

voice throne a dissenting without custom floor at less cost than all people their slaves, their and ordinary flooring. all behind bars he been kept had successors slaves Parthian bound these 117

that time just as a precaution! down on huge work farms. 125 While

128 F ACTOR Ytffpl WAXED as Ithaswasbeenthe recentlycustom ofshown,Turkishto kings,allow intreatedWesternall menAsia,as theirAlaricboundand serfs,Attila

them up in captives working for a hundred yearsASPHALT TILE theirthronesdefeatedby dayrivalsbut lockto sit118upon their in eastern Asia the Wei kept a million

USED WHEREVER BEAUTIFUL iron cages for the night! in caves to produce "all manner of

FLOORS ARE DESIRED! These lords of the steppes, like the fine workmanship."127 Each relative

Ask your Friendly Lumber Dealer! Mameluke ruler who brought an upof the Great Khan "received a certain

start general to heel by having him number of skilled workmen, artisans,

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. hauled to court in a cage, 11"were artists, and so on, who were at his

Building Distributors Material footsteps following in the entire disposal of much and he made whom128. SALT 205 NO. 3rd WEST LAKE CITY, UTAH earlier reports kings. of settle Sennacherib liked."he where Tamerlane

BOISE, TWIN FALLS, POCATELLO, IDAHO RENO, NEVADA no less a rival than the king of Babykept such artists, especially goldlon that "they threw him fettered smiths and glassworkers, for himself, into a cage and brought him before forcing them to settle in prison camps me. I tied him up in the middle gate at Samarkand in much the way

of Nineveh, like a pig."And of the AssurNazir Pal bound the Amorite

king of Arabia he says: "I put him workers three thousand years beinto a kennel. With jackals and fore. 129

dogs I tied him up and made him Even in our own day the ja lama guard the gate in Nineveh.... "m forced everyone who fell into his

Moving back to the earliest records power, "Tibetan officials, Mongol of all, we find a large class of legends pilgrims, lamas, Chinese traders, 5-6651 DIAL 236 all over the ancient world telling Kirghiz headmen,"as well as an inEXTEINS10N today Hunun eye test

nl in (!..si 1;, how the victorious god in the beginnumerable host of soldiers and iNo.i|ij:iiiiiI;iii

Plan Payment Use Sears EttBJ wait ning bound and imprisoned his repeasants "to work erecting buildings while you

I relatives, killing bellious not them constructing towers and walls"and Pickup 1 andprescriptionsdelivery servicefilled i Oculist!

since of his they partook glory. 130 his to own divine

SEARS 754 SOUTH STATE nature—the earliest myths of Zeus (Continued on page 100)

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fi

-; --..---.---...--.....,.,..,,T,.X,,: -,. 1

J >.;/\\ IBm /"

t"\ *h V.\

.... r> n *- j,Ai

0ol of Mormon Film Released to Mkshm

#fe*ry TW elsfSae i (ssie''i in <,fc gw.gfei

? 5w *f jrog***#!s w It* case**- -: ** wwssw * -**v-;

From Church Headquarters to Members Everywhere The Deseret News Church Section Brings Latterday Saints Together

Latterday Saints the world over read and enjoy in all of the organizations of the Church.

the Deseret News Church Section for inspirational This wellillustrated, magazinesize section is pubguidance from Church leaders and news of worldlished every Wednesday in the Deseret News, an wide Church activities* official organ of the Church,

With the Church Section in your home, you can Subscribe today and have the Church news at your keep informed and maintain an active interest fingertips each week.

If you live outside of the Mountain West area, you may subscribe to the Wednesday IfM$MT WfTO

Deseret News containing the Church Section THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER for only $3 a year by mail. Largest total daily circulation of any single newspaper

in the Mountain West.

FEBRUARY 1952 99 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 98) madic kings should have a passion for

We must not overlook the ambuilding, but it is a fact in Asia as in bitious building programs of the JareAmerica: "Cities sprang up like

dite kings, for nothing is more typical mushrooms in honor of the ruling of the earliest rulers of the East, khan, most of them remaining unwhere even the prehistoric creation finished and falling speedily into legends "harp upon building with a decay. Armies of handicraftsmen

notable persistence."Coriantumr would be assembled for the purpose

"... did build many mighty cities"(another Jaredite practice)... then

(Ihid., 9:23), the magnificent Riplathe khan would perish and of the

kish "... did build many spacious intended glory nothing would rebuildings"(Ibid., 10:5), and Morianmain but a heap of ruins.... "132

ton "... built up many cities, and I think I have given the true exthe people became exceeding rich... planation of this phenomenon in a rein buildings."(Ibid., 10:12.) It is cent article, 13-1 but what I want to call

a strange thing that warlike and no- (Continued on page 102) For The Best

Water Heating Jke j-olnt or *UJeparLure

RICHARD L EVANS find ourselves on a wrong road, our first reaction Service—rHEN we W is to look back and think at what point we departed

from the right road. But sometimes we may have gone a

long way before we are fully aware that we have left the right road. This is true of many things in life. Sometimes

USE changesof how farcomewesohavegraduallygone; thatfor example,we may notwe alwaysmay notbe alwaysaware

know when it was that we acquired a habit, but we pretty well know when we have a habit. We cannot always be

sure, from first symptoms, when a man will become a drunkELECTRICITY ard, but we pretty well know when a man is a drunkard.

In the first phases of the process, people may not always be aware of how fast or how far they are losing their freedom.

But if they continue, there comes a time when they know they have lost their freedom. Many things come a step at

first step may not at first seem to suggest serious consequences, Utah Power a time by willingly going the wrong way. And while the

still there is no such thing as an inconsequential departure from principle. And in looking back we shall find that the

first step, the first time, the first point of departure is the & Light Co. critical point—for second steps have a way of following first

steps. In some respects it may be compared to a person

who climbs a precarious cliff. Each handhold or foothold is

not a stopping place, but only a momentary place to pause.

And when he looks back at some point, it is apparent how

it may be as the man who lets himself down into a HERE IS hazardouslying; or he has come and how far he is from safe footdeep hole on a ladder—a ladder that is just a little short;

so he lets loose the last rung and drops down. But REAL HAIR and

having let loose, he may find it impossible or at least exceedingly difficult to reach the rung again. Any point of BEAUTY departure from principle is a critical point—for the first step

leads to the second, and further steps follow in order. And

Creamed no matter how easy it is, a journey on the wrong road is

Shampoo disappointing and often disastrous—for it just doesn't arrive WITH 2%&POWDERED egg at the right end.

if your hair needs Jhe Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE help PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING...-J

SYSTEM, 25, 1951 NOVEMBER L*D* it needs

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What's this Integration'they're attacking you for?"

One Of the Complaints now made about big companies like Standard Oil Company of California is that they practice "integration". This word is made to sound so evil that you

may wonder what it means as it's used in this case.

The fact is that integration is common in American businesses both large and small. They use it as a

natural part of their system of increasing efficiency, cutting costs and improving products. Integration doesn't

make a good company bad. To understand integration at

a glance, look at this parallel:

A fisherman takes his boat onto the ocean and makes his When the fisherman cleans his own fish, he has become catch. Standard discovers oil and brings it up out of the an integrated business. So, too, Standard. Like him, we work

ground. If both then sell—the fisherman to a buyer at wharfto put the product into the form you want. We refine the

side, and Standard to some buyer at the well—there's no crude oil we ourselves produce—turn it into gasoline, lubriintegration. But suppose each takes the next step.. cants, chemicals, and all the rest. This is integration.

If the fisherman now carries his cleaned catch to the And if the fisherman then sells his product through a marketplace, he is further integrated, for he is now also in store of his own, he completes his integration. Standard does

the transportation business... as is Standard when we operit, too, through Companyowned stations (about 1 in 7 staate our own pipelines and tankers to carry oil from well to tions where Chevron gasolines are sold). Integration helps

refinery, or refined products to areas where they'll be used. us do better for you and the nation, and so for ourselves.

J. CL J-jI/26 tO JTIOIV... Many people write to Standard asking pertinent questions

about the Company. We answer all letters individually, but some points seem of general

interest. We take this way of discussing them for every one. If you have a question, we urge

you to write in care of: "I'd Like to Know,"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

FEBRUARY 1952 101 The World of the Jaredites (Continued from page 100) attention to here is the exact resemblance of the Jaredite practice to that in the Old World.

The particular care bestowed upon the royal throne in Ether's account (Ibid., 10:6) is another authentic

touch. The plan of the royal throneWs New!

the ancient patesi Gudea, of Lagash, ITS A BREAK FOR FARMERS was said to have been revealed to from heaven, all times there and at

WITH STUMPY, wastherea couldwidespreadbe onlybeliefone intrueAsiathronethat in the world and that any unauthorized person who attempted to sit upon 134 STONY FIELDS it would suffer grave injury.

(To be continued)

BIBLIOGRAPHY

""Ibid., pp. 224-6.

06Jordanes, Hist. Goth. c. 35.

They were Dinzio (Jordanes, c. 53), and

Mundo (id. c. 58).

Vladimirtsov, The Life of ChingisKhan, p. 3.

Aqserayi, Seljuk History (ed. Isiltan),

p. 88. 100The first quotation from Ed. Creasy,

History of the Ottoman Turks, p. 5, the

second from Sven Hedin, The Flight of Big

Horse trs. F. H. Lyon, (N.Y., Dutton: 1936)

p. 16. Cf. M. Cable, The Gobi Desert, pp.

222ff. 101See below, note.

102F. E. A. Krause, Cingis Han (Heidelberg, 1922), p. 13; Menander Protector,

De legat. Roman, ad gentes, Chap, viii

(Migne Patrol. Graec, Vol. 113, col. 888),

beheld five hundred wagons full of gold, silver, and silken garments that followed the court of the Great Khan in the sixth century. The strictly mercenary nature of Get a Demonstration the whole business is well described by

665f) and Priscus, in 449 A.D. (Ibid., Cols. of This New Peter748f, Patrick in 230 A. D. (in PG 113, 752).

S03Vernadsky, Ancient Russia, p. 80.

104According to Odoric of Pordennone, Ch.

18 (p. 249f in M. Komroff, Contemporaries

of Marco Polo), "the ancient law"of the

Khans is, "Thou shalt not appear in my reakAwayPloui presence with an empty hand,"the corollary being that "No Mongol, this day, entered

Stop worrying about bent beams and broken the tent of his ruler without being richly shares! When this new BreakAway Plow hits rewarded."(ed. Budge, (Prawdin,I, 505) tellsloc. cit.)how BarwhenHebraeusBaidu

a rock or stump, the safety release lets go. It the Mongol wanted to supplant his brother

recouples itself when you back the tractor. on the throne of Asia "he made men rich

with gifts and he made men splendid with

You touch the hydraulic control and the plow royal apparel, and so bound them to him."

lifts clear of the obstacle. Innumerable parallels might be cited.

104llF. Hommel, Ethnologie und GeograLike other LatchOn Plows for Case "VA"phie des alien Orients, pp. 2223.

Series Tractors, this BreakAway Plow has 105I am following the text of R. Labat,

oneminute hookup, from tractor seat. It has Le Poeme Babylonien de la Creation. (Paris,

Maisonneuve, 935) the same freefloating action that holds even imIbid., p. 24.

depth in uneven ground. See your Case lmMemoirs of John Lord de Joinville

dealer; send for BreakAway Plow folder. whole(Trs. Thos.history Johnes,of Jenghiz1807)KhanI, 204.is a longThe

J. I. Case Co., Dept. B-44, Racine, Wis. succession of terrible oaths, the most solemn

being taken by a bag full of blood, to follow (Continued on page 104) 102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How To STRETCH

That Building

Budget..

... and still have the beauty, long life, fire safety and low upkeep

cost you want for your new ward and stake house

If you have any part in selecting building materials for a church building, a school, a business building, or your own home... consider the extra values you get in these

Buehnercrete products:

Buehnercrete cast stone—for exterior facing and ornamental details—gives all the beauty of the finest

quarried stone yet lasts longer than most and costs far less. Build it better with...

Buehnercrete blocks—for exterior and interior walls and

inpartitions—exciting colors sizes, shapes, new and

..textures. quieter, attractive as well more as less exBuehner - Crete

pensive to build, to heat, and to maintain. CONCRETE PRODUCTS

Buehner's Lith-J-Bar concrete joists—termiteproof, firesafe, permanent.

.y,::: '".,. lis

Reliable building accessories such as aluminum winBUEHNER & CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO.

dows, masonry paints, masonry reinforcing, InternaArchitectural Cast Stone Masonry Unit* tional oil and gas furnaces, and the famous warm air 640 Wilmington Av. 2800 South West TwdIc

perimeter heating system.

FEBRUARY 1952 103 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 102) 1Wa L'Iran Antique, p. 399.

F. E. A. Krause, Cingis Han..., pp. 17f, m I have a long note on this subject in my

23f, etc. Herodotus, History IV, 66, describes article "Sparsiones,"in The Classical Jourthe blooddrinking oaths of the Scythians nal XL (1945), 526, n. 70.

two thousands years earlier. 112Ether 10:14, 31; 11:9, 19, 23; 7:7; 8:3-4;

108M. Hoernes, Naturund Urgeschichte 10:15, 30; 11:18.

I, 582. des (Vienna, 1909) Menschen

I, Darmesteter, 108Jas. (OxmBar Hebraeus, Chronography (Budge ZendAvesta The

ford, 1895) II, 135, 140, 145. 495, 500).

""Hoernes, op. cit. II, 418. The reader is 114Benjamin of Tudela, Travels, Ch. 56 (in

reminded that fellowships and secret soed. Asher I, 95); cf. id. c. 96: following a

cieties have always been the foundation of rebellion "it was decreed, that all the

Asiatic government and religion, whether members of the Khalif's family should be shamanistic (e.g. the Bon), lamist, or chained, in order to prevent their rebellious

Buddhist. intentions. Every one of them, however,

y>>>Ov3>0\>*9\9v3v5vX9v>Os

l/i/ku <UJon t Jkeu Jjo y wmethm9?

RICHARD L EVANS Cometimes we seem to look at life as if we were watching the progress of a play in which we have no part. Sometimes we seem to be detached from matters of community

concern and to act as if we had no responsibility toward anything that lies outside the letter of our own specific assignment. Sometimes, for example, when people are seriously

hurt on the highway or stricken in public places, some of us wonder why someone else doesn't do something about it.

But the Good Samaritan didn't wait for someone else to do something about it. He did something. When we see

public or private abuses, we haven't done our duty if we close our eyes and walk away. The arm of the law is only

as long as the alertness of its citizens, only as long as an informed and responsible public wants it to be. One policeBind Your man for a thousand people can't keep the peace unless the

Improvement Eras keepthousandit. Andpeopleto seewanta situationthe peacethatto becallskeptfor andsomethingwill helpto beto

for Reference done, and then to sit back and say, "Why don't they do something?"is an unsafe attitude. If people privately aren't

willing to do what they should do, public agencies will of

Preserve your Improvenecessity ever widen their influence. And we would do well

ment Era copies by having to remember that whenever we ask a public agency to do them bound into permanent something that should be privately done, we ourselves enyearly volumes. You'll find courage their expansion and their inroads upon our personal

them excellent reference and private prerogatives. There never was a time when

sources for your family, and communities and nations didn't have much need of loyal addition are a proud they alert citizens exert willing to are themselves beyond and who library. Quality to any

circle of their comfort the convenience without and own and materials workmanship will make these volumes always asking why someone else doesn't do something. We

last a lifetime. cannot always look elsewhere for the solution of our problems. And when we see something that should be done,

when we see some abuse, when we meet some emergency, it is just per volume $3.00 The cost

City; postpaid, Salt add isn't enough to sit back and say: "Why don't they do some- (F.O.B. Lake

30c. Canada and other foreign thing?"The sooner we come to understand that we are

countries add 75c.) they, the sooner we will get done what needs to be done.

Save your Eras and send them for binding to

Jhe Jponenken vwordWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED 'OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Deseret News Press SYSTEM, DECEMBER 2, 1951 Copyright, 1951 #8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA resides in his palace.... They eat and

drink and lead a merry life."

11=Prawdin, Mongol Empire, p. 424.

neIbid., p. 448.

117Aqserayi, Seljuk Hist., ed. Isiltan, p. 41f.

For dethronements, some picturesque Gardening see Bar make Spring op. cit. I, 178,Hebraeus, 147, 163, 176. 4Wto

118N. Martinovitch, "Another Turkish Iron

inCage,"Soc. Oriental Jnl. Amer.

citing of instances. a number 62 (1942), more fan, less work with Idols

I, 471.p. U9Bar140f, (Budge), Hebraeus

120Luckenbill, Ancient Records II, 155 (No.

350). ulIbid. II, 314 (No. 819).

maA. B. Cook's Zeus, and C. J. Gadd,

Ideas of Divine Rule in the Ancient East (London, Br. Acad., 1948), treat this subject

at length. 122Luckenbill,mIbtd. I, 182. op. cit. I, 271, 288.

Ihid. I, 50.

McGovern, Early Empires of Cent. As.,

p. 73. Cf. Herodotus, Hist. IV, 20.

126Claudian, Bellum Geticum, 11. 364-8;

Jordanes, Gothic Wars, Ch. 52.

127H. Haslund, Men and Gods in Mongolia,sVladimirstov,p. 4. ChingisKhan, p. 147f, cf.

p. 76. The theory is that "the conquered

are the property of the conqueror, who is the lawful master of them, of their lands, of their goods, of their wives, and of their children. to the right have We do what -THE POPPY BARROW our Creasy, own,"we will with Ottoman

Turks, p. 21; cf. the Grand Khan as quoted The new lightweight Poppy Barrow

by Marco Polo II, 21: "I subdued you by weighs so little, carries so much that

the power of my sword, and consequently you'll whisk through your spring garwhatever you possess belongs by righf to dening more easily than you thought me,"pp. 131, 142, 175, 476. possible! It carries four flats of seedlings

1OTM. Prawdin, Mongol Empire, pp. 131, at once—or 3 cu. ft. of topsoil; has a ball142, 175, 476. Luckenbill, Ancient Records I, bearing wheel for effortless rolling, and

182 (No. 502). a wide rubber tire that won't mark your

G. N. Roerich, Trails to Inmost Asia, p. lawn. Sturdy, allsteel construction; wide233.mPrawdin, op. cit., p. 374. set2 'x2'legsfloorresistspace.tipping. Stores.in only

131Gadd, Ideas of Divine Rule, p. 6.

132Prawdin, op. cit., p. 374. BOYCO GARDEN TOOLS

18SUnder the subtitle "Mountain and

Palace,"in Western Political Quarterly 1 Scientificallybalanced rake takes a

IV (1951), 235-8. No empire was possible load off your hands. Longlasting ash

without a palace and city at its center; handle, solidforged head.

has sharp, forged steel 2. Cultivatorsee the VII, IV, 9; Book of Jubilees 14. points of soil. for easy workingIn the built ancient most times "every king

fork is springy, 3. Spading rugged andhimself residence"a new mounting upon

effortlessly. into groundthe throne, says Ed. Meyer, des sharp—goes Geschichte

is this sharp, simpler with Digging I.Altertums for the 2.445, "that 4. custom was

steel shovel. springy highcarbon Has

'city'. his possessevery king..."own handle. ash

Salomons 134A. Wunsche, und Thron wizard is a weeding hoe 5. This Boyco

(Ex OrienteHippodrom Lux II, 3), pp. solidsharp, it has a 9ff, because rugged

2225. Tha'labi, Qissat alAnbiya, p. llff. forged head.

6. Sturdy, heattreated manure fork lasts

a lifetime. Fine for turning compost,

i spreading mulch.

WOOD SMOKE

By Pauline Havard Something in wood smoke brings alive Look for the Poppy Brand Barrow and BOYCO Garden TRADE MARK

The slumbering and primitive Tools at your Hardware, Nursery, Feed or

Dreams of man for warmth and fire, Department Store

Something keener than desire Makes his heart aglow with all

The memories of roof and wall, fruit table.Flowers the and upon UNITED STEEL STATES PRODUCTS his has house whether a gableAnd many DIVISION

is thatch. cottage roofed a withOr

UNITED STATES STEEL COMPANY liftStill will latch to long the he FE 5100 AVE., CALIF.-1849 LOS SANTA ANGELES, OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

settle bright beside theAnd down

Hearth; to shut the world's cold night

love'sOutside, and share honeycomb:. urniwmliimmiftiSliiSlsiWKWII..::....- i e iIn the small, private world of home. mmmxt&&&M'&i

FEBRUARY 1952 105 etealllilt Wm ANNUAL VISITS OF MELCHIZEDEK NOLIQUOR- PRIESTHOOD PRESIDENCIES

Church Melchizedek Priesthood "Members of the presidency of TOBACCO

Thecommittee suggests that now is the each quorum of high priests, seventies, time of the year for Melchizedek and elders are to interview personally

Priesthood presidencies to begin their each quorum member who is living LOUvtmvi 1952 annual visit to each individual at home to determine his answer to quorum member. If this assignment the items, excepting percentage items

is begun early in the year and carried and tithing questions, so this report on to its completion, it does not work may be completed and mailed to the CONDUCTED BY a hardship on anyone; but, on the chairman of the stake Melchizedek

other hand, it proves to be of much Priesthood committee not later than value to all concerned. January 1st. Ujr. /Joseph J. tVlern

In addition to obtaining the infor- "It is requested that quorum presiOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE mation needed for the annual report, dents and counselors go individually the visits by presidents of quorums when interviewing quorum members, to each individual quorum member not as a presidency. Confidential

bring the presidents in close contact matters may be more freely discussed fellowship over with those only officerand one quorum whom when and * TAKE LIQUOR OFF THE preside. It helps to underarethey president. them a member should Care

stand the home conditions and varibe exercised to avoid any embarrassHIGHWAYS ous problems which confront quorum ment to the member. The interview

members; it breaks down the barrier should not be conducted while he is Pverybody admits that dangerous

between those who have been called in the presence of the members of driving is one of the most pressto positions of leadership and those his family. There is no need to ask ing problems before the American

whom they serve; it causes many questions the answers to which are people, and no one does anything

men to become active in priesthood already known to you."much about it.

work who had heretofore been less In conclusion, it is quite obvious Everybody is against drunken active; and, in general, it results in that quorum presidencies can do driving. An increasing number of

the development of a far greater apmuch more effective work by making people are learning that moderate preciation and understanding between these annual visits to each member drinking before driving makes an the quorum members and their in the quorum than if they fail to even more dangerous driver than does presidents. It is generally agreed make them. By doing so they obey drunkenness.

that no method of working with the counsel of the General Authorities priesthood quorum members has of the Church, please the Lord, and Driving after drinking causes at been devised which is as effective as magnify their callings in the priestleast eight thousand deaths each year the individual contact method. hood to a far greater degree. and probably more than two hundred

Some quorum presidents think that and fifty thousand injuries.

they do not need to visit, bishops, The courts do nothing adequate stake presidents, and other priestabout it. They inflict one hundred

is gospel preach which The we is deprived fines, dollar if a driver and caliber of similar holdershood whom life the gospel of salvation* and it is relicense, of his driving soon living gospel. are thethey know is represent Church which It The we

a livcan't because turned make "He brethren that thoseis recommended the and Church kingdom of God, be visited also in order that a similar and possesses the only faith by ing without it."Driving while excommunion and fellowship might be which the children of men can be tremely tired or sleepy is as bad as

of into the brought back presence children School driving while drunk. theestablished and between them Father our and God* The Lord to they taught this, and be ought as that estabquorum presidents all hasi his set restore to hands

lished between those less active in things as in the beginning, and by ought to be taught that driving after the Church and the quorum presithe administration of his Holy drinking one bottle of beer or even dencies. Priesthood, save all who can be one cocktail may cause death or

In regards to quorum presidencies saved,consequencescleanse offromthe theFallworldand givethe mutilation to someone.

It is an absolute disgrace thatvisiting all quorum members, The it to the hands of his Saints,—BrigMelchizedek Priesthood Handbook ham Young. whiskey and beer should be permitted

states to be sold on our highways. Getting

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA beer into all the channels of activity There is a widespread feeling in whereas food can be stored, and food can creation the of growth and participate inand life is a policy of the brewing some quarters that beer is a good food of the tissues and can become development industry. They say so quite frankly. and with propriety might come on to part of the living cells of the body into

Men, women, and children die as a the family. How foolish the thought! which it is taken.

consequence of this policy, but diviSeveral months ago it was reported From the moment alcohol is taken into dends are paid by the breweries, so that widely known Andrew C. Ivy, the body, the body goes about the process

what? Ph.D., M.D., D.Sc, vicepresident of ofamazinglygetting ridconsistentof it, andand itefficientdoes itmannerin an

Whiskey is sold on the highways in the University of Illinois, a recognized at the rate of about ten percent per hour many states, sometimes in onedrink authority in the medical field, was ofuntil it is all gone. In other words, the

size, which are popularly known as fered $100,000.00 to write a series body is not satisfied to live with alcohol.

of articles vitamins. on beer and He slugs."nothing done"kiddie Why is IT CAN BE DONE In before turned an address it down. Becondition? shamefulabout this

cause of the political pull of the liquor an Institute of Scientific Studies for Yes, it was done twice in Monttraffic. The reason that punishment the Prevention of Alcoholism, Dr. pelier, Idaho. The first time it was

is not sufficiently severe to be a deterIvy remarked: "I regard it as sheer done, which was more than two years

rent is because drunken drivers and intellectual dishonesty to discuss the ago, the forces that -voted against the their friends vote. Do you vote? Cast food qualities of beer, including its coming to the town of slot machines

your vote for the little girl playing on vitamin content."If deleted of its were badly defeated. This was due to

the rug at your feet, the little boy who alcoholic content, beer as a beverage the fact that the citizens were not inis romping about your lawn. You may would go into disuse. formed on the merits of the questions

save their lives by what you do at the And as to alcohol as a food, another involved; many were indifferent, and

ballot box. noted authority, Dr. Haven Emerson others, moved by propaganda, conYes, voter, it is up to you. It is of New York, wrote recently that: cluded that it would be well to get

your duty as a good citizen to work A food is a substance that has some useeasy money for the town government for good laws and loyally support offul purpose for bodily growth, developby licenses rather than taxes.

ficers in their enforcement. Liquor ment, energy, and the creation of heat. But the second time the story was

and gas do not mix. The most dangerWe cannot function except within a cerdifferent. Last December, citizens,

acnow alerted, requested the city counous drivers are those who have had taincomplishnarrowthatrangeby burningof temperature.fuel in ourWebody,

only "a drink or two."The law and when we exhibit energy of one kind cil to order another election, giving at

should forbid them being at the or another it is by the application of the least six weeks'notice. The council

wheel. However, enforcement officers metabolism of our body—chiefly to the ordered another election on Decemof action. muscular So heat anddo not like "to stick their necks out."creation ber 18, giving a tenday rather than

of production energy to are indispensable

Generally they will not do so unless our human existence. But in the difficult a fortyday notice. Undaunted, the

public sentiment strongly backs them process of converting alcohol into heat, forces of righteousness quickly organin doing their duty. Why not do the alcohol is exerting toxic effects on ized and went vigorously to work. In

your bit in creating this sentiment? various body functions. a town of about 3000 people, 987

It is characteristic of a foreign substance every eligi- a and harmful substance that the body went to the polls—nearly

better than—

slot machines. A SIGNIFICANT FACT goesas it aboutcan, astryingsoontoasgetit ridgetsofintoit justthe asbody,fast fiveble tovoter.four votedThe resultto ban

From The Clipsheet we learn that in 1934 twentyfive percent of the beer consumed was sold in packages.

In 1949, the percentage of package sales was 70.3. This package beer A PROMISE KEPT

almost entirely represents home consumption and of course points to an (Concluded from page 96) a smile for the fortyfive pairs of enormous increase in beer drinking At one o'clock four dozen cupcakes, shining eyes turned toward her.

by women and children. It also achalf with chocolate and half with "Will you come in?"Miss Martine

counts for the terrible increase in vanilla icing, lay in neat, little rows asked.

criminal outrages upon children, on the enameltopped kitchen table. She shook her head. She'd come a

which are constantly being noted in As Emily packed them carefully into long way, but that would be too much the public press and some of which a suit box neatly lined with waxed for today. "Some other time,"she

are of almost unprecedented cruelty. paper, she caught herself humming murmured softly.

The total percentage of the adult a little tune. Her heart felt strangely "We want to thank you,"Miss

population drinking beer in 1949 was light as she put on her coat and overMartine said, "all of us. Little things

52.5, and the percentage of people shoes and started on the threeblock like this mean so much to chilwho drink beer in their own homes walk to the schoolhouse. Today the dren...."

jumped to 45.7. red brick building seemed warm and That was the answer, Emily

This development is directly due to friendly. Its familiarity was somethought, as she made her way down

the canning of beer, its sale in grocery how comforting. the corridor—doing for other children

stores, and to the nature of the adShe had a bad moment when the as she had once done for Sally. And

vertising being used. It is a developdoor to the fourth grade room opened, as she stepped out into the February

ment which should profoundly conand she found herself looking for sunlight it seemed that Sally skipped cern thinking people. Sally's elfin face, but she managed by her side.

FEBRUARY 1952 107 r Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood Members to Dress Conservatively When

Officiating in the Sacrament Service New Roll Books Should Be Used

roll Priesthood Aaronic quorum HThe dressed, ister the be conshould sacrament growing observed, with have\\/e 1, "Issued January record book and it sport that to suggest necessary is felt of loudcolored cern, the wearing 1951"every used quorum by should be patterns, shirts sweatcolors loud and of shirts Aaronic sweaters our sport by and in of the Priesthood Aaronic group and class, or ers coats the any same of and officiating in bearers while Priesthood isolder of the Church. wards When dress be avoided. other unusual form of service. the sacrament

still used, are of roll being the book sues light or very white wearing of The it is that should recognized we While is in our to confusion certain be there is shirts pastelcolored for recommended dress, required stay a uniform from away reports. records and in participate the those sacrament it who is dress in felt that moderation yet

believe that to reason have some We ties coats and wearing of The be more in keeping with this service.would

yet using are are not there bishops who obliappropriate, is always not though sacred service.

new roll books "Issued January 1,

Since President David O. McKay 1951."has gatory.ity—it isThisonlyis anotprecautiona step towardagainstformalsuch the attention be givensuggested that more

leaders a stake ward Will and make is dress as in the not sakeeping with detail this in our sought work, have we this see careful matter check on and service. credness the sacrament of his are in position to counsel a and now

of that every group Aaronic and quorum this instructions in matter,publish our are to leaders Stake urged and ward roll is supplied the Priesthood with book instructions personally give have been thiswhich attention in matter adequate indicated above?

folas Presidentapproved by order that the McKay, administration of the lows: sacrament may be impressive and apSupplements Should

propriate. While we do not attempt to regulate Have Been Addedthe manner in which those who adminSupplemental instructions to be

Program for Adult Members placed in each Aaronic Priesthood roll have already been sent out to each bishand for Ward Teaching Think It Over op. These sheets were gummed for placing between the two printed pages at

to Be Kept Separate The leader who respects the boy the beginning of section two. Care

is as much profited as the boy who should have been exercised in seeing

HThe programs for adult members of respects his leader. that instructions for deacons, teachers,

the Aaronic Priesthood and ward—L.A.P. and priests rolls were properly placed.

teaching are separate activities and This matter should also be followed should be kept entirely separate as to through to insure the proper conduct of assignments, visits, and reports. A visit the ward boy leadership committee meetor the program onemade is for other. New Award Program ing each month. creditsDuplicate never should be taken.

The group adviser's visit to an adult In Full Motionmember of the Aaronic Priesthood will generally be different in nature and HPhe new award program, featuring the Apply Now for Standard teacher.purpose to the visit of the individual Priesthood ward Aaronic cerQuorum Awards is visit Adviser's usually tificateThe of award, Group wards and and rating

extended his assignment basis censtakesmore of of percent and on the boys "\17hile the standard quorum award ters his is attention qualifying, in upon going forward most the adult memto program came end an December of the Priesthood. Aaronic stakes enthusiastic ward supwith The and wards

ber 31, 1951, it should not overlooked be visit is will toteacher expect usually port. If not fully acquainted anyone

that stake leaders are ward under andseveral families in evening, an of and the details the his with program, he new obligation to follow through the with isresponsibility to the welfare to of the is referred in these pages ImThe of applications for the awardsentire family. for or making 1951, Era provement December

While it is ofttimes desirable for to the Aaronic Priesthood Handbook isearned during 1951.

respectfully urge your careful atgroup advisers to visit their members in sued January 1, 1952. We

to this tention matter. Eligible quorums it is is Itpairs, priestis not a mandatory. article this read, any ward When

are entitled this it to recognition, and of to assignment a in ahood tell the man, to able should be man Church is that leaders will fail hoped their not thus individually.and be done are inqualified for may boys the how many

boys. visit are teachers to assigned first dividual forWard of the award the month

Please use our regular applicationfamilies pairs. in year. should and always stake go likewise in Each should be

If a group adviser should be assigned a position to calculate its standing when blanks when applying for standard to be the ward teacher to a member or all ward reports are in. Therefore, the quorum and individual certificates of

members of his group, he should go with wards and the stakes should know award.

his companion as a ward teacher and whether they have1 qualified for the speshould make the regular ward teachers'cial award for the month of January records up to date each month in order report for this visit. Other visits to his onetwelfth of the year. that weaknesses may be overcome durmembers would be reported on the It will prove helpful if stakes will ing the year instead of letting these matmonthly report of group advisers. supervise wards in keeping cumulative ters go by until it is too late.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hjijt prepared by JLee 4. faltmetTfehopwage

Aaronic Priesthood Leaders to Seek Assistance of wouldJunior beM invitedMen toandsocialsM Menfor teachers;leaders

Y.M.M.I.A. in Outdoor Activities wouldThose withbe invitedhelpfulto talentssocials andfor priests.special

Cpring is upon us, and the summer acthemselves with the good of the whole training would be invited to assist when tivity season draws near. It is time and avoid becoming organization mindtheir services would be helpful.

we began making our plans for our outed. As Aaronic Priesthood leaders, let

door activities. us demonstrate how this may be done

At the top of the list of "musts"and work more closely with the Y.M. Departments in Boy leadership

should be the making of adequate pro- M.I.A., which has been set up as part

visions to insure the safety of our boys, of the allChurch program for our boys. Meeting Based On Age Groups

and their care in case of injury, during This does not suggest that Aaronic all awayfrom-home excursions promotPriesthood socials be turned over to Ctake and ward leaders are again reed by Aaronic Priesthood leaders. River Y.M.M.I.A. leaders: It does recommend minded of the realignment of part

trips, mountain hikes, camping, swimthat these leaders be invited to join with two in the ward boy leadership commitming, excursions to points of interest, us and to work with us in our program tee meeting.

are among the outof-door activities for boys. Hereafter, in the bishop's department,

where varying degrees of hazard are alIf these suggestions are carried out, he will concern himself with young ways present. Adequate firstaid kits, scoutmasters would be invited to socials men seventeen to twentyone years of

and persons especially competent in for the deacons; Explorer post leaders age whether they are deacons, teachers,

priests, or male members not yet ordained. The bishop's first counselor will

concern himself with young men fifteen and sixteen years of age whether deacons, teachers, or male members not yet ordained. The second counselor to the

bishop will devote the time in his department to boys twelve, thirteen, and fourteen who are deacons, or who have not yet received the priesthood.

This change in the realignment of the ward boy leadership committee meeting does not change, in any way, the report system of the past. Deacons'rolls and

reports must account for all deacons twelve to twentyone; teachers'rolls and

reports must account for all teachers fifteen to twentyone; priests'rolls and

reports are to account for all priests seventeen to twentyone.

administering first aid, should always be provided when any such activities are undertaken. Persons with special

training and experience in any particular type of outdoor program or activity should be invited to go along to assist in any emergency or to guard against avoidable mishaps.

Where shall we turn for such assistance? The Church program for our

youth provides for such trained and experienced help. Our Y.M.M.I.A. leaders

of boys are among the most, if not the most, competent leaders we have in all such unusual activities. Why not invite

them to go along on all such priesthood social functions? Is there any good reason why leaders with special talents in

one organization should not be invited to assist another organization dealing with young people?

Organizations within the Church have been established to assist and sustain each other. Leaders make up organizations and, therefore, should concern

FEBRUARY 1952 109 FIRST CHOICE! Dig for Yourself

(Concluded from page 89) Hotel Utah's Popular Coffee Shop from the youth, student, or college point of view.

Why not make the scriptures and other excellent writings your own?

Instead of going to get through—just through—let them go through you.

Look for the answers to your own questions, the satisfaction of your own needs. Look for spiritual nourishment. Crowd your mind with things

Before a Show worth remembering and applying. Do

your own thinking. Find your own

favorite passages. Dig for yourself.

Said the Prophet Joseph Smith:

The things of God are of deep import;

and time, and experience, and careful and ponderous and solemn thoughts can only find them out. (Millennial Star, vol. 17, pp.

54-5.)

Isn't it time we did more than go through the motions?

Joseph Smith—Prophet

of the Restoration

(Continued from page 83) doctrine correct this wicked truth and of inmillions consigned has Ever think what would happen if *k which eternal damnation to the asfrom them fire were to lay waste your home nocentand haschildrenexcluded

See the friendly Agent of the sociations of the redeemed in the kingdom of heaven. So, in this dispensato proclaim anew: UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. tion, the Lord had

locality. in your He will he glad to help you check your

little that you, unto I say behold, But, policies.

foundathe from are redeemed children.. see. Or BeOnly through mine of the world tion

gotten; HEBER J. GRANT & CO. sin, for power cannot they Wherefore, General Agent

little to tempt Satan is unto not given

Salt City Lake acto become begin until they children, countable before me. (D. & C. 29:4647.)

SEND YOUR FRIENDS hasThebroughtrestorationeverlastingof this divinecomforttruthto of mothers, of thousands the hearts AT HOME OR ABROAD the most filled with have been who awful torment because they were

IMPROVEMENT taught before they received the gospel that their little children who died were eternally lost and consigned to banishment from the presence of ERAOne of the great Church theunmistakablyLord. Againdeclaredit is inclearlythe scripand

remission is for the believe. magazines of the World turesof sinsthatandbaptismfor those who

$2.50 a year $3.00 foreign Babes cannot believe; they cannot

repent, for they are innocent and no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA helpless. The act of furnishing for

them a godfather and a godmother to speak for them in no sense can obligate the innocent child. Let me

quote the words of an ancient prophet [Mormon]

And he that saith that little children need baptism denieth the mercies of Christ, and setteth at naught the atonement of him and the power of his redemption.

Wo unto such, for they are in danger of death, hell, and an endless torment.

I speak it boldly; God hath commanded

me. Listen unto them and give heed, or

they stand against you at the judgmentseat of Christ. (Moroni 8:2021.)

4. That baptism is an ordinance

acceptable to the Lord by pouring of sprinkling water upon the head.

Here again Joseph Smith as restorer has been called upon to correct this false doctrine and give again the true doctrine of baptism to the world.

There is no passage in the Bible in the slightest degree that intimates that baptism may be performed by sprinkling or pouring water on the head. The meaning of the word

itself denies such a thought, and..every reference describing the mode Integrity

refersof baptism to going down in A nation's future in a democracy is built upon inof the water. comingand up out

In the scriptures baptism is referred tegrity... and The Salt. Lake Tribune, ever conto as a burial and a resurrection. Said scious of its public trust, guards most vigilantly

Paul to the saints at Rome: the "precious jewel"of its good name. Complete

Know ye not, that so many of us as were fairness in all public issues, objectivity in reportbaptized into Jesus Christ were baptized ing, adherence to the basic principles of truth and into his death?

Therefore we are buried with him by justice... are principles that have made The Salt

into like death: as that Christbaptism was

the of Lake Tribune the tie that binds the intermountain glory the fromraised up dead by the Father, even so we also should walk west.

in newness of life.

For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection. (Romans

6:3-5.) He Jialt alee %iibtme

I deem it unnecessary to continue ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS this further, for the truth is so plain that all who will may understand.

Again, how grateful we should be for the restoration of the true doctrine of baptism by which means we "SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT"Quick, Easy Way to receive the remission of our sins and Hawaii

Mexicofind our the of kingdom way into STOP SMOKING Panama "IT PAYS"COSTIT DOESN'TGod, provided the baptism is done For South America with stop no smoking can you Now

Islands Winter Virgin divine authority.by one having first easily, the very comfortably, day—oreffort,

Travel Cuba your money refunded. The recent medical

read about—NICOyou have

nonabsolutely harmless, guaranteed 5. That men may take upon them- "SUNNY"to a BermudaNassau in the STOP,toxic,discovery forming. nonhabit Endorsed

physicians. Used successfully by thousands.selves the authority to minister in World Bahamas by

your druggist's At or mail couponthe name of Jesus Christ without diAIR - RAIL - STEAMSHIP free information about available sizestoday andfor vine appointment. TOURS - HOTELS moneyback guarantee.

NICOSTOP, Dept. A, Saint Helena, Calif.

this taketh "And honour no man

is himself, called UNIVERSAL Please send free information and prices.unto but he that

of God, as was Aaron."(Heb. 5:4.) TRAVEL SERVICE INC. Address

—Hotel The Lord said to Moses: Mezzanine Temple Square City State 5-6215 Phone

(Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1952 Ill JOSEPH SMITHPROPHET OF THE RESTORATION

(Continued from preceding page) the Church in the days of Jesus Christ

And take thou unto thee Aaron thy and his Apostles is no longer necesbrother, and his sons with him, from among sary—there are to be no more Aposthe children of Israel, that he may minister tles, prophets, or gifts of the Spirit.

unto me in the priest's office, even Aaron, Since the death of the Apostles

Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, until the coming of Joseph Smith

Aaron's sons. (Ex. 28:1.)

there was no revelation, no manivisita- heavens, from the no In the Book of Numbers it is festations tions of angels, for it has debeen written:

clared through the years that they

And the Lord said unto Moses, Take thee were unnecessary. In the place of

Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is these officers have come into being the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him;... teachers who deny revelation, who

shalt thou put And some of thine honour have assumed authority which was all that him, the upon congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient.... never divinely given, and as previousAnd Moses did as the Lord commanded ly stated we are to be led by our

him: and he took Joshua, and set him beindividual reason, or permit someone

fore Eleazar the priest, and before all the else to do our spiritual and doctrinal congregation: thinking. We have seen a new order

his laid he And hands upon him, and officers of authorities and the take gave as charge, a him the Lord commanded place of those divinely were apwho the of by Moses. hand 27:18, (Num. 20, PROTECTION pointed, and taken have the men 22, 23.)

with authority to themselves. This has

6. That the same organization of led to a world of confusion.

ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS

Aralum aluminum doors are a permanent improvement!

Screen or storm panels quickly slip into a strong alu- <=JJo vj Jr Saul minum frame that never needs repairs! RICHARD L EVANS

IMPROVED! 'AT PEN0. '"There are few, if any of us, who are smart enough to

Aralum that convincewe make oura practicechildrenof. thatAnd theythereshouldare few,notif anydo thingsof us,

ALUMINUM who are capable of convincing our children that they should COMBINATION

STORM AND do things which we neglect to do. The logic of words and

SCREEN WINDOWS the force of argument are not the means by which those who save fuel by insula*- fog the entire winlive with us and watch us acquire their most fixed impresdow opening! sions and most lasting lessons. Long before a child can

?GoadGuaranteedHousekeepingby \ FHA terms whatunderstandhe seesourandprofessionssenses. It andis morepreachments,the mannerheofcanourimitateliving

than the words by which we would explain it that modifies

For Complete Information the moral fibre of the children God has given us. And no

CALL or WRITE man has taught his children as fully and effectively as he could or should until he has lived his own teachings and in his proved them to be good own Qvu:. QnAJudaiwnA issue as the command: "Do I sav"—butlife. It theis wellchildrenenoughof Utah to 1349 S. Main Salt Lake City,

men are inclined to do as their fathers do. This we should

Phone 844393 know and never forget-—we who are rearing and teaching

I INSLINSULATIONS, INC. the generation whose world this will be tomorrow. And

13491349 South Main we should not be surprised if our children grow up to be

SaltSalt Lake City, Utah like us in many ways that matter much.

PleasePU send complete information on

Aralum Combination Doors and Windows. Jke Spoken lAJord from temple square

NAME PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

ADDRESS SYSTEM, DECEMBER 9, 1951

Copyright, 19511-- 1

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA inis defiled the also under The earth uLiKmiWtXiiL w>i ii>iii iiiv |Mjw<piiiiiitTiiftifiiiT[ tt TT[TfTrritfr * i -i transthey have because thereof;habitants

gressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the everlasting covenant.

Therefore hath the curse devoured the earth, and they that dwell therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants of the

earth are burned, and few men left.

(Isa. 24:5-6.)

Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, V and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:

Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a -- marvellous work... and a wonder: for the

wisdom of their wise men shall perish, andthe understanding of their prudent men Watch the (Isa. 29:1314.) hid.shall be

7. not created in the West go by /'was That man

image of God in form, for God is not an anthropomorphic being. Do you travel between Salt Lake City and Los Angeles? The

Nothing is more absurd than this trip takes two days when you drive—but only 3 hours, 20

false conception of the Father and minutes when you fly Western. Fast daily flights to Idaho Falls,

the Son. Little need be said about Pocatello, Great Falls, Lethbridge, and Edmonton, too.

it. The New Testament gives the Next trip, take the skyway. Relax in armchair comfort on a

account of the ministry of Jesus Western Airliner—and watch the West go by

Christ. It proclaims him to be the

Only Begotten Son of the Father in LINESthe flesh. He is said to be in the exWESTERNAMERICA'S O UP6STAIRAIRLINE

press image of his Father. When he

took leave of his disciples and ascended into heaven, two angels stood by and said to his disciples:

... Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye

gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus,which is taken up from you into heaven, NOW YOU CAN

shall so come in like manner as ye have seen (Acts 1:11.) into heaven. gohim

is It that he will written come and STUDY GREYHOUNDreign on the earth. After his

ascension he appeared to Paul. John GENEALOGYdescribes him in his glorious appearToday's

ance as follows: AT HOME

And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with Brigham Young UniverBest with a garment down to the foot, and girt sity's newlyorganized about the paps with a golden girdle.

hairs his His white were head and as as hiswool, white eyes were snow; and like CORRESPONDENCE COURSE Travel

as a flame of fire;

And his feet like unto fine brass, as if University Credit they burned in a furnace; and his voice asthe sound of many waters. (Rev. 1:1315.) Taught by Archibald Bennett Buy!

On Your Own Time When he returns it is written:

For more information write Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every

eye shall see him, and they also which HOME STUDY BUREAU pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth

shall wail because of him. Even so,

Amen. (Ibid., 1:7.) Brigham Young

I have heard ministers say that after the Lord ascended into heaven University hishe "shed body,"for he had no Provo, Utah See yourAboutGREYHOUNDLOW FARESAGENT it. forfurther use

and FREQUENT SERVICE (Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1952 113 "There be three parts of business: the preparation; Joseph SmithProphet

the debate, or examination; and the perfection..."

—Bacon of the Restoration

{Continued from preceding page)

L.D.S. Business College offers you the Surely the inhabitants of the earth

should be grateful to Joseph Smith best in preparation and examination and for the revelation of the Father and pushes you well on your way to perfecthe Son.

tion in the world of business, and busi- 8. Among other things that were

ness training. to he restored is the gathering of

Israel and the return of the Jews to

You can prepare quickly for advancePalestine according to the ancient promises. On the third day of April

You're always cordially ment in your present job or become qual1836, the Lord sent Moses who held welcome -write or visit us. ified for a more responsible and better the keys of the gathering of Israel

paying position when you enroll at... to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery,

who conferred upon them those keys and priesthood, for the gathering of

Israel in the Dispensation of the

Fulness of Times. In the days of

the Church of Jesus Christ of formerCOLLEGE BUSINESS first given gospel was Saints, the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH day 70 NORTH MAIN after they had then and to the Jews, rejected it, it was carried to the Gentiles. In this dispensation the Lord

said the first should be last and the last first. Therefore, the gospel is

first declared to the Gentiles and then is to go to the Jews. In November

1831, the Lord said in a revelation to Joseph Smith:

Let them, therefore, who are among the

Gentiles flee unto Zion.

And let them who be of Judah flee unto

Jerusalem, unto the mountains of the Lord's house.

Go ye out from among the nations, even

Just Open A from Babylon, from the midst of wickedness,

SAVINGS ACCOUNT which is spiritual Babylon. (D. & C. 133:12NOW! 14.)

will receive with and you or more $50.00

Fineline Schaeffer pen For one hundred and twenty years FREE your lovely and pencil set. the gospel has been proclaimed among

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to the Gentiles, and now has come the $25,000. years of continuous operation. Why Share Your Space day of the Jews. In 1841, their land 32

CURRENT O n, Per with a Swinging Door? of promise was dedicated for their

DIVIDEND Annum return. Today they are returning a "MODERNFOLD"by the hundreds of thousands. The

takes none door estabagain been Israel has of nation Savings Utah LIVING FOR SPACE MORE its it will widen and grow lished, BEAUTY COLORFUL and NEW Association Loan and - RIGID STRENGTH OF STEEL all promLord the that until borders Center, 172 West WALLS MOVABLE PROVO after his seed to and ised Abraham the doors that fold cojjpon—MIL HH5I like an accordion Israel. to Howreturned shall be him

to order or money check your Send reare return ever, these who Jews Provo, Center, Savings, and 172 Utah your savings pass book and pen set 111 IHi I J III III 1(1 turning in their unbelief, denying will be mailed to you immediately. that Jesus Christ is their Messiah,

Name and so it will be until our Lord shall

Address great of their the hour in City Zone.—State... For demonstration write or phone come,

their eneflee before distress as they 1343 SO.ALDER'SMAIN SALT LAKE CITY mies. The Mount of Olives shall

Phone 7-1531 cleave in twain; the Jews shall rush ACCORDIONS

send your free Please me created; and valley thus the booklet entitled into ITALIAN IE-2. for MAKES Living"FAMOUS Space "More

Christian to Students, Bible Workers Available unto appear shall our Lord there

Missionaries at and NAME of the to words according them, DISCOUNTS SPECIAL Address. Literature for FREE Write Today in shall cry they Zechariah. Then

Dept. CHICAGOIE, 754 ACCORDIONN. Damen Ave.,CENTER,Chicago Inc.22, III. City State. their amazement, "What are these

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wounds in thine hands? Then he

shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends."(Zech. 13:6.) Then shall

they mourn and weep because they had rejected their King, and then all their from be cleansedshall they estabwill 1st choiceiniquities, the Lord and lish his covenants with them.

On that same day, April 3, 1836,

Elijah also came, at the very hour when the Jews celebrating the Passfor your over, opened their doors to let Elijah in, according to Jewish custom. Elijah

came, not to the Jews, but to Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and upon them he bestowed the keys of his priesthood, the power to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children to their fathers, lest the Lord come and smite the earth with a curse. This restoration has TheauthenticWurlitzerchurchelectronicinstrumentorgan is. an.. WurlitzerModelOrgan25

to do with the salvation of the living reverent, yet imaginative... with ard equipment. Further advantages

and the dead, and opened the way great range of rich organ tone and include spacesaving design, responfor the work for the dead in the temsolo voices which can be blended sive action, standard dimensions basis the majestic ensemble, controls. standard of and that the dead of the Lord, ples who intoessential in sacred music. beauty plan fundraising and a tested For of hearthe opportunity without died is electronic only the organ Here facts Wurlitzer's modabout many

ing and receiving the gospel should in its price class with crescendo pedal els, see your Wurlitzer Organ dealer.

have that privilege given them for and combination pistons as standHELP YOUR PLAN TO A the Lord is just to all men. He said I"—

Wurlitzer Company The Rudolph to Nicodemus, 1-2, North Tonawanda, N.Y. WURLITZERWorld's Largest Builder of Organs and Pianos Dept. CHURCH 1

... Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Under One Great Name Please send me without cost your

Except a man be born of water and of the The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company FundRaising Kit for churches.

Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of North Tonawonda, New York Name.

God. (John 3:5.)

More people buy Wurlitzer Street.

than those of any Pianos City Zone....State. name. Therefore salvation must be proother

claimed to the dead, and those who in the spirit world accept it must be, vicariously, for it cannot be in any other way, baptized for the remission of their sins. This is one of the grand MINER

principles of the restoration. Who,

except the Latterday Saints, holds 'SfiC saps. out any hope for the dead? The eviMlKE dence that the hearts of the children ftp%

have turned to their fathers is mani- "Every time I get a pay check, it fest in the worldwide move among means my company is showing a intelligent men and women to seek profit. If it didn't make a profit, I couldn't be

after their dead, and this spirit has paid. And that would hurt. As a matter of

rested upon the people since the fact I wouldn't be the only one hurt. Profits

restoration of the keys by Elijah. from Utah's mines, mills and smelters benefit

I testify to you that in the opening us all through supply purchases and tax payof the heavens and the coming of the ments."

Father and the Son to Joseph Smith, there dawned the beginning of this marvelous work and wonder. "Now UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION

behold,"said the Lord in February 1829, "a marvelous work is about to HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. i

come forth among the children of 2 IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

I testify that 4:1.) C. men."(D. & kimE: REST KING'S MOTEL 6ASY YE

of is the Church the marvelous work. STREET 5TH 526 SOUTH >1>Ot> B. Foutz, Saints with Dr. of Owner Latterday Harold Christ Jesus

Foutz, Manager Edgar H. its divine authority, the restoration Throughout Mattresses Beautyrest of the keys of the priesthood. coW ANP TASTES 500000

FEBRUARY 1952 115 d5url Shepkerd, EDITOR -TODAY'S

must be willing to listen and to give.

Some parents act like dictators and wonder why their children do not confide in them. On the other hand,

many youth think they know all the answers and do not give their parents a chance to listen or to help with their problems or worries. Parents need to accept the teenager

where he is and go on from there, but youth need to do the same; they

need to accept and understand their parents and act accordingly.

Some parents and teenagers cannot talk to each other because they have never tried to, or they have not done so for a long time. Channels

of communication can be kept open only through use. As parents and

Harold M. Lambert youth talk with each other and not

WHY CANT I TALK FREELY WITH isto eachusuallyother,bridgedthe gapwithbetweenincreasedthem

MY PARENTS? understanding.What can young people do to get

along better with their parents? First,

they need to have a sincere desire to

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH want to get along with them. If this

"It sweet sixteen I felt I was people are unable to talk with their workdesire outis present,satisfactorily.the restWherewill likelythere

j\ falling in love with Tom, a parents. Why is this so? And what is a will, there is usually a way.

sophomore in college. We met can be done to bring youth and their

at a church dance and were attracted parents closer together?

to each other from the start. One A gap or gulf often exists between This is the second in a series of

moonlit night Tom told me he loved parents and their children; neverarticles addressed to the problems of

me and suggested we marry secretly. theless, bridges may be built to join theteenagerteen-ager,in theandfamily.especially to the

I was thrilled but uncertain. I felt them together. There are various

it would be wonderful to marry Tom kinds of bridges: some are wide,

but wondered some about the whole modern, and entirely adequate; others Next is for teenagers to try talkaffair. I thought of talking to my are narrow, shaky, or ready to fall ing to their parents, in confidence,

parents—but I never had talked with if any weighty matter approaches. A about their basic feelings, worries as

them very much. I thought of going gap exists between parents and chilwell as joys. The best way is by

to my teacher, the one I liked so dren because people and generations question, not by command. The

well—but thought this might betray are different. Today's mothers and young girl who thinks she is in love

a trust. Finally I confided in my fathers, in their youth, were not may well tell her folks about her feelclosest girl friend. She convincingly acquainted with "hotrods,"televiings and ask their opinions, not dicsaid, 'Go ahead and get married.'It sion, and classes on courtship and tate to them. They, in all probability,

all sounded so wonderful and thrillmarriage. They lived in a relatively will talk about the meaning of love,

ing. simple culture. If we contrast their explaining many degrees and kinds,

"The romantic glow lasted about times with the present, we get an and help the girl to think through a week after we were married, and explanation of why parents are someand understand her own feelings then I became very upset and untimes so concerned about their chilbetter than she could do by herself.

happy. I finally went to my parents dren. The girl may even disagree with her

and asked that the marriage be anWhat can be done to increase unparents, although she will usually nulled. I don't know whether I'll derstanding between parents and feel closer to them for having shared

ever get over it. Oh, how I wish I youth? Both need to recognize that these confidences. As people confide

had talked to my parents first!"keeping the avenues of communicain someone they trust, the bond beJust like this girl, many young tion open is a twoway process; both tween them is usually strengthened.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The closer teenagers can emulate the relationship between Jane, age fifteen, and her folks, the better. Two

of Jane's friends lowered their standPretty is ards and started to smoke. They

made fun of the others and tried to get them to do likewise. One of the

girls began to smoke; the others

didn't. Jane talked with her mother Your heart melts when any baby looks at you. And when

about this situation. Her mother the baby is yours—your heart asks how you can make

didn't tell her directly what to do, sure that she grows straight and strong, with the shining but when they had finished talking, eyes and bright smile that come from radiant health.

Jane said, "Mother, thanks for your You can make pretty sure of that right now. How?

help. I know what I want to do. By choosing,the best possible milk for your baby—

I don't want a cigaret to touch my milk that will provide all the food substances of whole lips. You've helped me a lot."milk, including the minerals and the vitamins she needs

As parents and youth keep the to enable her to build sound teeth and bones and to channels of communication open bemake the best of growth.

tween them, the problems of both tend to be solved and to diminish in Sego Milk is that kind of milk. Always uniformly

number. Security, peace of mind, rich in the food substances of whole milk, always easy

and confidence replace fear, insecurfor babies to digest and as surely safe, in its seated ity, and worry; and the family unit container, as if there were no germ of disease in the

is greatly strengthened. world, Sego Milk contains, also, vitamin D, the sunshine

vitamin, that babies need to enable them to develop sound teeth and bones and to GREETINGS! <mm make the best of growth.

By Billee Peel,-- Z JlifV Thousands of babies all over *m the west are unusually well, babies sturdy, on their happyThesentimentalday of frillyverse redsuggestsheartsa newand your feedings of Sego Milk. Ask idea in valentines—one that can doctor about Sego Milk for your

be used creatively in many types of baby.

cards to show your friends that the time and effort you spend in their F behalf truly express your thoughtfulness.

Get out your water colors, glue, and India ink and try your skill at this novel idea. You will need also

some small white buttons with two large holes (pantywaist buttons) which can probably be found in any collection of household buttons or purchased at a notion counter. Choose

any heavy paper you like to cut out your original greeting card, or purchase plain white cards with matching envelopes at the stationery counter.

Print your message on the card with India ink, using small, neat let- (Concluded on following page)

Lyou kan ZDo Jrt!

HPhis column for young people, and for any others who wish,. This handy book that makes it easier to care

tO baby. Mothers! Free train your for and

to take advantage of it, features of Dozens questions the most important about the care and training of articles of a "how -to -do -it"nayour baby are answered in this 64page illustrated book. Approved

ture. Contributions are welby a wellknown doctor. Praised enthusiastically by mothers all over

come and will be considered for the west. Send for your free copy of this helpful book today.

publication at regular rates. SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY, Salt Lake City, Utah—Dept. E

Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermounta'm West

Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

FEBRUARY 1952 117 GREETINGS!

Your family w\\\ swear ffieres meaf in -fhis

I've Iried -To conceal \\.

I've acled a part, i WSH vw\ here's. Me big secrei

Thai's locked m my heart.

LovflT&u/ my

r v

page) preceding from (Continued a Here's secret?Can you keep a apholes. Two tiny black dots in the is always verse recipe Light tering.macaroni meaty a rich, with

will a it serve as of sliver of the button yet contains not middle a in rhyming are adept propriate if you olives! ripe secret?flavor—meat. Chopped The fine, eyeblack upper nose. Tiny, emotional or your moods words. Put for this Dish Macaroni MainCook upthe family and fool them—in an apthoughts down on paper, then work lashes will emphasize the expression

petizing sort of way. out the wording and rhyming of of the eyes. If a body is desired,

MACARONI MAIN DISH your sentiments. If rhyming is diffioutline it now with the pen.

1 cups macaroni uncooked elbow small red paint Vi button the On for you have pen what then you, 2 finely onion cult tablespoons chopped put the nose and perhaps under aclips is readily prose. Prose in to say or butter cup margarine %

y3 cup tomato catsup ceptable as a greeting if you keep a little color on the cheeks. This

1 cups grated cheese American y2

1 ripe olives it short, to the point, and use careupraised face gives real life and per- (4'/2 can ounce) chopped 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce fully selected words. When spacing sonality to your cards. Surround the

Boil macaroni in salted water until the words, be sure to keep in mind button with a straight blonde hairtender. thoroughly. onion Drain Cook curls, or perhaps short black or do, design. button for your space amplein slowly 5 minutes. butter about Pour ringlets. like long, auburn would you space vacant in the a button Glue hot drained macaroniover add and

catsup, cheese, olives and Worcesterof your card. This will be used as a Fill in the color desired for a dress,

sauce.shire Toss lightly over very low 4. face. You may make your little stockings, and shoes. Matching hairuntil cheese is melted.heat Serves

character happy, sad, wistful, or give bows will make your figure complete.

don't haveYou to the skin color with wish You may it the depicting pose emotional any OlivesRipe—buyto themchop your own character to color your flesh make to express. These wish sentiment youready chopped

lifelike. more little figures be cupids, button may

grocerYour has boys or girls, babies, pretty women, You may like cards for birthdays, ripe oliveschopped in small cans that animals, or even oldman-sunshine weddings, anniversaries, whydon't- cost only a few penhimself. youwrite, thankyou verses, or for

nies. them this Buy find If you choose to make a little girl, special holidays and occasions such you'llway and

them almost as easy to use as pepper the following steps might be observed. as Mother's and Father's Day. The

or spices, and little more expensive. With a fine pen and India ink make greeting card idea might become a

Savor secrets little, black eyes in the two button profitable hobby.

of noted cooks are quite often simple little tricks. Such as

adding chopped ripe Lessons in Eating /or uounuouna peonveopie auuai from, hom,e flavorolives. These

giving morsels have a way of transforming many an everyday IS THE LUNCH BOX A PROBLEM?

dish into a culinary coup. example, For needs. food day's At of third the dishes. to cheese and eggadd them

in easily get a them, one may in Milk home meats, seafoods with andUse them glass one sauces. loaves dishes, andMexican meat is difficult, and task the

Vegetables and fruits restaurant in turkey portion your generous aMix gets often monotonlunch the packed appetizers, chopped with servingsdressing. two And

ripe olives are a natural 1 Eggs, cheese, nuts, nut butter, meat, ous. One who eats "out"may find

More savor secrets are yours fish, poultry, or legumes the menu too expensive to buy wellfor the asking, in free recipe one serving balanced meals regularly. Such a

but Easy "Elegant booklet California Ripe Wholegrain bread, rolls, or muffins person should remember what is Recipes with

Olives."Full of ideas for one serving or more missing at lunch and eat more of

tastier dishes with both whole Butter it at night; for instance, if fruit is

ripe olives. and chopped as needed expensive for lunch, eat it for dinner Board, Olive Advisory Write

Dept. S-22, 16 Beale Street, irpHE above list constitutes a plan as well as for breakfast.

San Francisco 5, California. for an adequate daily lunch—Box lunches can be varied enough

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to keep them interesting if one realizes that the lunch should be a meal consisting of main dish, salad (or relish), dessert, and beverage.

The main dish may be a simple sandwich, or it may be soup in a thermos bottle. Heavy starchy foods are easy

to pack, but they tend to make the luncher feel sleepy and lazy. Other

foods should be added. Below are

suggestions for packing the daily lunch.

Hot and Cold Main Dishes Soap or stew—packed in thermos

bottle. A thick bean soup, split pea

soup, homemade vegetable soup with rice or barley, are suitable, as is a vegetable and meat stew.

Baked beans—packed in screwtop

jar.Cheese—largeServe cold. cubs of cheddar

cheese or small carton cottage cheese.

Hardcooked eggs—plain or stuffed. Likes results she gets with Active Dry Yeast

Cold cooked meat or fish—cut in

serving portions, to be eaten by hand.

Wins 190 Cooking Prizes

A pillow covered with prize Active Dry Yeast "I like to ribbons—that's what Mrs. use it,"she says, "because it

Emma Cooper of Santa Fe, rises so fast. And it gives me

New Mexico, is holding in her grand results!"

lap. Mrs. Cooper plans to cover It's wonderful—the rich, destill more pillows with ribbons lectable flavor of yeastraised

she has won in cooking contests. goodies. A treat for your family

Last year alone she took 100—and nourishing, too! When

ribbons at the New Mexico you bake at home, use yeast.

State Fair and 90 at the NorthAnd use the best—Fleischern New Mexico Fair—a total mann's Active Dry Yeast. This

of 190 ribbons! grand Dry Yeast is always

Of course this fine record dependable! It's fast rising,

made Mrs. Cooper a top winner fast dissolving—stays fresh for

at both fairs. And like so many months. Buy several packages

Sandwiches can be tasty prizewinning cooks she gives a of Fleischmann's Active Dry lot of credit to Fleischmann's Yeast today.

1—Use good bread which is twentyfour hours old and cut it l/4 to l/3

inch thick.

2—Spread butter on both slices of

bread and make it reach to the crusts. FOR YOUR READING

3—Make filling moist, spread it to

edges. the A good sandwich has a Pleasure filling. thick

4—Avoid fillings that soak into the The IMPROVEMENT ERA

bread. Wrap lettuce to eat separately; it wilts in sandwiches. 12 issues $2.50

5—Use a variety of fillings:

(a) Hardcooked or scrambled eggs mixed with: HOTEL LANKERSH1M

crisp bacon 7th & BROADWAY chopped dill pickles or olives chili sauce chopped parsley or watercress IN THE VERY HEART OF (Continued on following page) LOS ANGELES

FEBRUARY 1952 119 ground raisins and peanuts or lessons in Eating peanut butter (Continued from preceding page) chopped dates and peanut but- (b) Shredded cheese mixed with: ter

ground cooked meat peanut butter and chopped cottage cheese and apple butter celery chili sauce or mayonnaise grated carrots Salads peanut butter (c) Meat or fish mixed with: Be sure to plan the lunch, with

salad dressing or relish some contrast in textures. Crisp raw

sliced tomatoes carrot or turnip sticks, celery, radishes,mm/fi parsley green pepper, cauliflower, cabbage, minced cabbage and dressing cucumber, or lettuce are all accept- (d) Fruit and nuts: able.

>y><>.2y>ov9v>vKNix

Lyn ddt e RICHARD L EVANS 'OUBLE ACTJf too many of us are living on edge. The sympAltogethertoms of the pressure and impatience are all around us.

And as parents perhaps we often lose our tempers and jump at children our to say. didn't things say intend and Somewe POUND times their in are easy flagrant even an mood, when we for POUND,

if errors their noted. are be on edge, even But may not we people ttWty

activities penalties. impatience and may bring And use mote normal

feel too often our discipline is prompted more by how we CLABBER

CIRL than than by what they do. It isn't that the youngsters don't

any other deserve discipline. It wouldn't be good for them if they

is called for. They must baking weren't corrected when correction

powder. expect to pay the penalties of their own mistakes. But they

shouldn't have to pay for ours also. They shouldn't have

to pay an extra penalty because our nerves are on edge, any more than a defendant in court should have to pay for something that didn't agree with the judge. And there's another

Guaranteed * flare factor this in of by <*> factor example: up If we equation—the Housekeeping Good

it, call for doesn't the occasion correct when we how can

If we are too quick to criticize, how can we teach CLABBER GIRL themcause? convincingly when they flare up at others for small

is now Sxehsiveh known as them that they shouldn't be critical, touchy, and quickTHE BAKING POWDER WITH tempered. j[But when you have had a round with one of action the double Bahnmb

HULMAN & COMPANY. TERRE HAUTE, IND. your children, when you have said some things you didn't

intend to say and were more severe than the situation called for, have you ever gone back and looked at that same

PIKES PEAR youngster when he was asleep, and felt terribly humble and

FLOUR terriblyeyes, havesmall?you everAnd,utteredwith aa littlegratefulextraprayermoisturethat youin yourhad

With FOUR him and prayed that he would be preserved, and that you

Extra Baking would be the kind of parent you ought to be? flThese mellowif we would remember Advantages ing moods are good for the soul. And

them when next we are tempted to speak too sharply or to

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS judge too quickly or to act too hastily, we could save ourselves 425 West 5th South many apologies and much repentance and could have more

Salt Lake City, Utah influence with our families and friends, and a larger place in their hearts, and our words would have more weight.

DRINK Jlie Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, DECEMBER 16, 1951 A delightful Copyright, 1951 hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Chopped fruit and nuts—apple,

orange, raisins, grapefruit, or other fruit with nuts, packed in screwtopped jar.

cheese—leftoverCooked vegetablespeas withor carrotscelery withand

chopped celery, grated nippy cheese, and dill pickle.

Egg and Beet salad—sliced hardcooked eggs and pickled beets, with good panca & deservecrisp endive or other salad greens.

Kidney bean salad—drained cooked

celery, dill pickbeans, dicedkidney Tea Garden luseiou. Syrups*,,les, cheese. cheddar cubed

Fish salad—leftover cooked fish,

diced celery, cooked peas, tart salad dressing. rich Cane and Maple,

Deviled eggs—made as usual.

hearty Drips—tastiest syrups

Desserts Fresh fruits in season, dried fruits, you ever said "mmmmm"to!

baked fruit packed in glass jar.

Individual custards or milk puddings may also be carried. If the main dish

is soup or salad, put in cookies and dates, raisins, etc. for dessert. If

the main dish is a sandwich, choose a juicy fruit to go with it.

Beverages

Milk, tomato juice, fruit juice, or hot drink.

Handy Hints

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

The next time you bake bread, fill onepound baking powder cans half full of dough, allowing room to rise. TEA GARDEN SYRUP TREATS

These little loaves of bread will make sandwiches that will delight the youngCane and Maple Syrup, with the sters.—D. R., Provo, Utah. clear, keen tang of Vermont maple

For brighter flavor, try dipping sliced syrup, gathered in the early spring when tomatoes or eggplant in leftover waffle the sap runs richest.

It frying. batter before puts a new Drips Syrup, heartier, thicker syrup

favorites. E. old Mrs. H.,touch on

Hinckley, Utah. with the robust flavor husky Western

appetites go for!

of garlic, cloves cooking with When Enjoy both famous Tea Garden Drips stab one. a toothpick through each

They can be lifted out easily before the Syrup and Cane and Maple Syrup soon food is served. Mrs. H. R. H., Sauk Maple Topper. Sweeten whipped cream

City, Wis. with Tea Garden Cane and Maple

To remove mildew and other stubSyrup, serve over fruits, puddings, cakes.

born stains from washable colored material, soak the material in pure glycerALSO TEA GARDEN JELLIES, PRESERVES, FRUIT JUICES as usual and wash in hot Tea Garden Products Co.—Since 1885

R. Alberta, Lethbridge, U., suds.—/.ine overnight

Canada.

FEBRUARY 1952 121 IMAGERY: THE ART OF A CHILD

Hear

Tranced C-. Lyoit

Ik Dm

leavjust 'medicalogy,'quality before the possess who sick ing diligently of a boy, picked struggle the room poetsTabernacle Allwhichchildren to master, the art of imagery. up an imaginary mouth phone and

Children have the ability to paint said: "Dr. Goodman calling Johnny

calling their for Dr. pictures, imaginafanciful Jones. Goodman Johnny

Hello, in here are yourChoir tions put Jones. check as not been have ON orders, most oldsters have. Johnny: Proceed to stay in bed.

COLUMBIA A child looking at a swamp full Take medicine as instructed. That RECORDS of cattails remarked: "Mother, look is all."

Volume I includes: at all the weiners on roasting Fiveyear-old Chris hasn't failed

Come, Come Ye Saints sticks."to bring the cows up from the pas-

O My Father Abide With Me Another, after walking down the ture, water them, and run them in

Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah green rows of corn, exclaimed: the corral ready for milking, since

The Lord's Prayer "The corn's in the packages, but it

Volume II includes: isn't yellow yet."

Let the Mountains Shout for Joy Who but a child could describe the Day Is Over Now

Hallelujah Chorus the silk on corncobs as "cobwebs"?

Hail, Bright Abode Little Nedra came up with the

SEND THIS COUPON question, after watching the flowers

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY bloom all summer: "Mother, just

47 South Main when are the poppies going to

Salt Lake City. Utah pop?

Please send:

Choir Album Vol. I...$6.29 Then there is the fiveyear-old

if it was Vol. I on Long Play Record 4.00 Sue who, when asked

Choir Album Vol. II G.29 raining outside, replied; "No, it's

Vol. II on Long Play Record 4.00 just drooling."

Name What adult can describe gloom child as the well as who said:

KiiE;:: Address it disappointed, are you "When

City & State... gives you a darkblack feeling in-—Photograph by Elizabeth R. Hibbs L

Add 40c for packing and postage side."

Add 2% Sales Tax for Utah residents Tom put his arm around his canine pal and said: "I think it's, his mother dubbed him "Roy

| II 1 II Dayne Music Co. |pj-j T simply wonderful that God put Rogers"and gave him a stick horse

1 dogs together so they can wag their with which to do the job....IMIWI. tails."Children are our immortal pos45-47 South Main, Salt Lake

145 North University, Provo It has been suggested that parsessions, yet they sometimes receive ents get down on the floor, both less attention than our electrical figuratively and physically, to unappliances. Our daily housework

derstand their children. Chances tasks are so much water over a dam,

-Unbreakable 'to look like glass.... mouldedLight-, are if we could slip into the realm but hours spent with children go

weight, noise free?. Ecoof imagery with our children often into the stream of life. It is well

nomical. Standard height. enough we would have the problem to learn to laugh with children over

dealer. your from OrderiHSl of daily hid a note the missteps mistakes mother and The who -: solved. SPECIAL OPWR *-25 find living. their children, her purposely Parents, not son would where trial $1.00 for lot of 167Dz - W-.i <y*2?3 Mail

one dozen sent postpaid. it, solved her problem. The note take life too seriously. Any hortiBRASS BOODS'CO 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. read: "Help! Help! Help! Whoever culturist will tell you a bush needs

finds this to constant pruning; the character of message—proceed

bathroom, remove all rings from a child needs constant shaping.

tub, hide all dirty clothing in clothes In closing the subject, the advice hamper, and put sleeping quarters from a little fellow as his mother fin tventf in military order. tucked him in bed is timely: You

Or if we could do as Dr. Goodbetter get a good night's sleep, too,

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. man, the country doctor who pracMommy. I'll probably give you an248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031 tised child psychology as well as other trying day tomorrow."

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 72) Love Elders 93,775 Seventies 20,537 High Priests That Car!

(Including 287 patriarchs and 15 Apostles) 32,089 H Ricks College, the Church college at Rexburg, Idaho, was granted full unrestricted accreditation as a fouryear degreegranting institution by the Board of Northwest Association of Secondary and Higher Schools, closing their threeday meeting at

Spokane, Washington.

Q Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the

"Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Winslow Ward, Snowflake (Arizona) Stake. Lee your Utoco dealer help you to take better care

the of Elder Spencer W. Kimball of your car. He's interested in doing it, and has the dedicatedCouncil of the Twelve

chapel of the Oxnard Ward, Santa the finest products for superior performance, with

Barbara (California) Stake. modern facilities for outstanding performance.

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve dedicated the combination Bancroft Ward chapelIdaho Stake house. UTOCO GASOLINE—for finest intermountain performance—in either Ethyl or Regular. 1 Q Instructions were issued by the

Church music committee for the to festivals be held choir spring in UTOCO MOTOR OIL—for the engine of your valFebru- during individual January, wards

ary, and March. uable car.

Creation of the Kahala Ward, Oahu (Honolulu) Stake, with Elder George

Blair Bradshaw as bishop, announced. ATLAS TIRES, BATTERIES AND ACCESSORIESIt was also announced that the Kakaako top quality in every line.

Ward had been discontinued and the membership merged with the Papakolea

Ward. SPECIALIZED LUBRICATIONYour Utoco dealer

*> 7 The fourth annual snowshoe trek is trained to give your car individual attention for Explorers began over the last... special service.

thirtysix mile stretch of the historic

Pioneer Trail, from Henefer, Utah, to the Salt Lake Valley. It was a threeday

trip. 43rd Year of Progress

HUNGER

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Tt was a year of snowstorms, drifts rod- * high, Blueshadowed mountains white above the town; sky, sunless a tweedy day Day after refilled coming 2ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ2. paths snow and more The

down.

A boy trudged toward the barn to do his chores, His footprints leaving postholes in the snow;

But when he reached the partly open doors.

He stopped and stared. There stood a

yearling doe, Whose soft brown eyes met his, then turned away.

The boy was more astonished than the deer, For she turned quickly back to fragrant hay While he stood strangely quiet, feeling queer, Remembering forest trails in summer dawn

And bounding light halfglimpsed and quickly gone.

FEBRUARY 1952 123 POMEROY FAMILY GENEALOGY (Continued from page 91) studying this religion, finding that it

In discussing religion with his was just what he was looking for. A

employer's family one day, he was Church conference was held at Peterssomewhat shocked to discover that boro, New Hampshire, on July 12,

Irene and her mother had been Mor13, and 14, which he attended, and mons for two years. Determined to after hearing Brigham Young, Orson insurance \X/U- save them from their fate, he began Pratt, and the local elders speak, he

I p rob\ems 75&5\5555:&S5S&

VjUhout Any obV,gation rea test v lews—and

EVERYWHERE in Utah, Idaho, Montana and Nevada there's a KOLOB male5u stCjift

AGENT ready to advise you on your insurance problems. Every type of RICHARD L EVANS

coverage, prompt settlement of Come wise and wellinformed men concluded, on questionclaims, more than 300 agents. ing, that the greatest news story in the world would be

for someone who had died to return from the realm of

A General Insurance Agency death—someone who could testify of his own knowledge that

there is individual, everlasting life beyond the grave. Yes,

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. this would be the greatest news story today, as it was when

it first happened some nineteen centuries since. And if we

should think that it would change our lives if it happened today, we have reason enough to let it alter our lives on the evidence that it has happened, as surely as if it were to come at this hour. May we let it rest there as the testimony

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City of the certainty of our souls, that Jesus the Christ was born

and lived and died and rose to live again on earth—as witnessed by a multitude of men, as proclaimed by prophets

and apostles, and as he himself said, and as the plan and purpose of the Father (whose Only Begotten Son he was) provided that he should—to do for us what we could not

do for ourselves. And there we leave it as a witness to the

world. And now may we turn our attention to the greatest

of gifts: Doubtless the greatest gift is everlasting life, with

the sweet assurance of endless association with those we love, and freedom, and the opportunity for unlimited personal progress, and peace. These would surely be the greatest

gifts. And there is yet another that we must mention—the

gift of faith: faith to believe; faith in ultimate judgment and

justice, faith that those who suffer by the misdeeds of other men will not lose one iota by the acts of others against their innocence; faith that the rising conscience of people will

prevail against perfidy; that truth will triumph, that good

will overcome evil, that sorrowing hearts will be healed.

Faith for youth and for the fulness of their future, that they may take heart and go forward and live their lives. Faith in

the unseen things that are stronger than the tangibles that we can touch. Let this be a time for the faith and the repentance which are prerequisites to peace. And to close with words of Benjamin Franklin—"Let no pleasure tempt

thee, no profit allure thee, no ambition corrupt thee, to do anything which thou knowest to be evil; so shalt thou always

live jollily; for a good conscience is a continual Christmas."

"God bless us every one."

Uke Spoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

BY THE MAKERS SYSTEM, DECEMBER 23, 1951

Copyright, 1951 MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS 124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was fully converted and asked BrigBefore baptize him. Young toham

conference conMrWlfoo SwirwiA* CcuAe/ole*the threeday had cluded, he had seen Brigham Young sell California to this Elder time Youngagain—and to be Brad each bi| aiVen Madeforin$10 3000 the marriage performed ceremonyhad KeelerArtwares. Here's that happy little Snowman

for Francis Martin and Irene Ursula Casserole again -fulf o'BreastPomeroy. It was during this confer- O'-Chidcen - the brand that

ence that the news of the martyrdom brings ijou only the best o'tuna.

of the Prophet and the Patriarch at Between now and March1 15, we're

Carthage, Illinois, reached Elders giving away 3000 o these casserole

Brigham Young and Orson Pratt. dishes. Would you like to win one?

Fine. Buy a tin o'Breast- -Chicken

Tuna - chunk or solid pack - tear off the

T-Te believed he now knew why he label. On the back, o'it, finish this sentence in 15 words or less: "We love

had been saved by providence. Brea st- O'- Chicken because "Use up to 15 more words. Now - sign

There was work for him to do in your name and address and mail it to us. Best o'luckand eat that Breastthis Church. After carrying the gosed Chicken Tuna - it's wonderful!

pel message to his parents and family, he and Irene journeyed to Nauvoo to join the main body of the Saints.

They were one of the last couples toreceive their endowments in the NauBR88T-0-CHICKENthe brand that brings ijou on (if the voo Temple before that temple closed in 1846. February

was selected He by Brigham Young b5asT'0:chicken best o'tuna

to be one of the 143 men in the first itsoury it's tenda'pioneer company to cross the plains. IUNA FLAKES

At Mormon Crossing, Wyoming, RULES: 1. Mail entries to: WestgateSun Harbor Co., Dept. No. 1-22, P. O. Box 2662, Los

flood conditions in that summer of Angeles 54, Calif. 2. Judges'decision is final. 3. Duplicate prizes for ties. 4. All sentences become

1847 were so bad that President our property. 5. Our employees, advertising agency or families cannot enter. 6. Entries must be

Young called nine men to remain at postmarked by March 15, 1952. 7. List of winners available upon request. 1952 -- wt g ateSun Harbor Co.

the crossing to help ferry the other

Church companies across. Here they

also ferried about four thousand of Californiawagons and OregonALL-0-WHEAT bound emigrants. For this they were CEREAL

paid in flour, which proved to be manna from heaven for the Church groups. Francis Pomeroy arrived in

Salt Lake City on October 26, 1847. All-O-Whecitonly made fromis notthe

He built a home near the old fort finest 100% Whole and farmed some land in Big CottonWheat which conwood, and in 1851 he filled a mission tainsues, butall theit alsofood conval- in California. In 1864, he moved tains a maximum of RED CLOVER TEA

vitamins, proteins,to Paris, Idaho, Alvifa's Clover wholeRed is a where he and Elder its minerals, etc. and of the sun product some andCharles C. of of the Rich Council delicious flavor AFcuttings tender young soil. The

the Twelve built what is believed to TER it is processed. IT'S STEEL CUT are chockfull of rich natural

be the first sawmill, gristmill, and iMiiMMiiiMMiimiiiHiiimmiiiiiMiiiiimiiiimiijiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiMimiiiiiiu: goodness.mildly alkaline..andtea ofit soothing,brews a

shingle mill in Idaho. If you are a user of laxa- | flavorful quality. &jfetznia I

active, life His outdoor brought on fives, not eliminate the 1 why I

LEAF TEA PEPPERMINTa condition rheumatic caused which for 1 need ALLeating 1 by them It's favorite everybody's pain, especially inhim much bad. minty.. for taste flavorable and the regularly? O-WHEAT f Pepperof freshly made aroma asweather, the years by. sped In

iiiiiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiii 711 imiiiimiiii minimi mm imiiiiiiiiiiir; is irresistible...and mint Tea

1877 he learned of the Jones -Rogers refreshing and wholesome asasa colony which was settling in the Salt ALL-O-WHEAT IS Spring morn.

River Valley of Arizona. He sought DELICIOUS to the Taste

TEA LEAF STRAWBERRY NUTRITIOUS to the Body information from Rogers. O. Henry

for Preferred allaround EASY TO PREPARE the his soldUpon hearing report, he natural goodness. A tasty,its

drinkinterests and, organizing a company VERY ECONOMICAL to use wholesomemildly alkaline—an. excellent.. that's

of his friends, neighbors, for substitute ordinary tea and and grocers your relaGet it at today coffee. tives, migrated Arizona, to southern to write or Free Brochure, tor our Write Today

becoming one of the first settlers in ALL-O-WHEAT CO. "Natural Foods For Wholesome Enjoyment"of Mesa.the new town

OGDEN, UTAH (To be concluded) FEBRUARY 1952 125 UNTIL WE REACH THE VALLEY (Continued from page 85) her make the family bed, he asked, he is led by the Spirit of God to

The family all joined in their "Tina, what does the new English command us? You must not be so

thanks to the kind man and insisted word mean, 'oneeyed nigger'?"he bold, but submissive to his will and

that she take the chance for rest. repeated slowly. endure all trials, if you hope to gain

They could well help one another to "I do not know, Vig, but I think a final glory."

pull the cart until the noon camp, it is someone who does not see "Yes, Papa."She pulled her

when he would be caught up to everything."bonnet back on her neck. "Get up,

them. The train was ordered to rest on Hans, on my back; ve must cross!"

"Na! Na!"shouted Christina, the banks of the Laramie River. she commanded, and went to shake

shaking her head. Tying on her Then the captain ordered those who him.

slatted bonnet, she declared, "I am were humanly able to do so to "I'll tote the kid,"offered Asa, not tired. See, I can pull it alone!"wade the swift, icy stream. Many "and you, too, Halfstep,"he said

She rushed to the cart, slipped under had fainted and fallen, miles back, to Viggo. "And you rest here,"he

the bar, and ran with all her might and weary friends were starting told Christina, "I'll come back and against it. Her puzzled family hasback to load them on their own pull the cart."

tened to catch her. carts and tenderly pull them into "He is a strange man, rough but

Hoof it, then! Asa hissed to himcamp. very kind,"Mamma was saying.

self. He feared the snows; he Her family all sat on the ground "And so strong,"Papa was anfeared the military men at Fort and leaned on the cart for support; swering. "But nothing is strange in

Laramie; but more than these he all but Hans, who lay spent and the train any more,"he added.

feared to have her go there without silent, stretched on the ground. She She watched him struggle through

first helping her decide not to tell saw them all, gaunt and hollowthe swift water, with Hans on his on him. He had to go on; he'd eyed and exhausted. As the capback and Viggo clasped tightly to

press his kindness so consistently tain rode by, Nancy shouted, with his side. Perhaps he meant well;

on her folks and the lame boy she her Danish accent, "Unload a vagon she should not have annoyed him loved so much, that she couldn't and ride the veak and sick across!"to see about the lovely wooden

tell. He'd get even with the snoopin'"Christina!"her father deshoes, when a word from Mamma

busybody yet. nounced, "are you not aware that would have told her they were

That night when Viggo helped the Lord anointed our captain, and safely on the handcart.

in First m

with Vitamins and Iron

Fresh at ROYAl BAKING COMPANY your grocer's Satf Lake City Ogden

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He was coming back. They made

ready to go. He put them all inside

the bar and climbed inside himself. COULD YOU DEFEND YOUR RELIGION

When they started in the stream, the water came up on the boxes. FROM THE BIBLE?"My beautiful wooden shoes, they

will be ruined!"Christina cried, CAN YOU ANSWER TO YOURSELF THE

pointing at the box that held them. PROBLEM QUESTIONS OF THE DAY?

The stream was so swift she dared not let go to get them, let alone What Signs and Events shall precede Christ's

Second Coming?carry them. Asa picked up the box

and held it securely on his shoulder, Will All of Our Loved Ones be Resurrected?

while Is Baptism Essential to Salvation? he pulled himbalanced and

What is the meaning of "Saved by Grace"?

rushing theself against and water

Did People Dance in Biblical Times?

the clinging family, with only one hand. Should Divorced People Remarry?

The fort was so near no one Are Visions Impossible in Modern Times? What are the Rewards for those who Believe

stopped to wait on the banks but and Do Our Heavenly Father's Will?

rushed to its promising comfort.

THESE ARE SOME OF THE MANY VITAL, TIMELY

Oh, but the fires were grand; QUESTIONS ANSWERED BY OVER 800 DEFINITE

so was the food that the soldiers BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS.

shared with them. Now, Christina

knew in her heart that God had heard her constant prayers and pro- $thl?(King James Version)vided this new strength with which Know %

to plod on to meet Knute. Now, IDEAL FOR LATTERDAY SAINTS AND MOST HELPFUL

she knew that he would send the reTO "SINGLEMEMBER"FAMILIES AND INVESTIGATORS.

lief valley boys in time. The misENLARGED FOURTH EDITION... 251 Pages... Extra 35 Pages... Cloth Binding $2.00

sionaries had traveled on in their Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher light carriages and with fast horses B. BENJAMIN

Telephoneto report their plight, and President 148 First Avenue 3-5220ALWARD Salt Lake City 3, Utah

Young would attend to every deAlso on sale at: THE DESERET BOOK CO.; BOOKCRAFT, or your Church book dealer.

tail. She thanked God in her

heart.

Most of the Saints were sleeping when she went to the well for water.

The captain was listening to an officer, who talked loud enough that she heard. "He stabbed a darkey

and ran off with the owner's cotton money. Plantation overseer, nigger driver,'they call 'em down

south. They think he joined some

train for the west. Lew Pinkerton

is his name,"the officer was saying.

"No man by that name in our outfit,"answered the captain.

Christina hurried back to her tent with the water. If she told,

who would carry Hans and Viggo over the mean waters? Who would

help Papa with his everbreaking handcart? Who would rescue her

dear wooden shoes that Frederick IIIIIIHMIlflTfflPWP had given her for a farewell gift?

She decided to know nothing.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS (To be concluded) WE DFFER...

A COMPLETE Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

ENGRAVING SERVICE sore throat and other minor mouth

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest and throat irritations. Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. HALLS REMEDY

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake CityUtah

FEBRUARY 1952 127 own. *5WD;omirs 'S-SvSGsjGsSS

those inconsiderate members, who often are not justified in

Oti Motto: Pest Good s auiiSrJdereold their conduct, to gain an understanding of what it means to

Provou Utah,JjCvst'.18ipC. beson'sa membersweetheartof themay Churchsee theof lightour Redeemer,that has comeand thatinto yourthe

M world.

Address Respectfully yours, a Dutch father. so't of Geo... PKALLRSE.IN1... Howe

Green, Staple and, Fancy GROCERIES,

Fresh Oysters, Fish and Q How times have changed! Dear Editors: Talgu, Korea

Sister Leah D. (Mrs. John T've just received my first copy of The Improvement Era

A.) Widtsoe found this sales * since arriving in Korea. I imagine it was sent through

slip among some old papers my elders'quorum. I am thankful to know I have such

recently. But then, ability direct contact with the Church while over here. This war

to pay has advanced conisChurchreallymoreterriblethan andever I before.personallyI havefeelsomewe timeall needto studythe

siderably since 1898, too. the Book of Mormon and feel The Improvement Era will

help me to study.

I would like to thank you for such a fine, inspiring publication.

Respectfully, Rex M. Woodruff

Los Angeles 29, California THE LIGHT TOUCH

Dear Editors:

This is just a note to acknowledge with sincere thanks the copy of The Era for November which included my sonnet, Wrong Answer "Pioneer Cemetery."

Two weeks of furious activity in the hammerand-tack and The social worker was going from one prison cell to anbookstall end of our Church bazaar has delayed this response, other and asking rather fatuous questions. Of one prisoner,

customarily made by me immediately upon receipt of a publicashe asked: "Was it your love of drink that brought you here?"

tion. The Era has always been very kind to me, as have all "Laws no, Miss,"replied the man. "You can't get nothin'"Utahns."I hope to return soon, by mail—and in the spring here!"

on vacation.

Gratefully yours, Decision John Gallinari Whidding First Businessman: "My doctor tells me I can't play golf."

Second Businessman: "Oh, so he's played with you, too,

Wolf Point, Montana has he?"

Dear Editor, enjoy The Improvement Era very much. All the Deep Stuff Westories and articles in the magazine are very interesting.

We look forward to getting the magazine every month. We "It's a mighty good book,"said a publisher, speaking of one

would also like to thank the ones who are making it possible of his own publications, to Upton Sinclair. "Have you read it?

for us to have this wonderful magazine. What do you think of it?"

"There is only one thing to be said in its favor,"said Mr.

Sincerely yours, Sinclair. "A friend of mine carried it through the war in his

Mr. and Mrs. Norman Lowdog breast pocket. A bullet ricocheted against his ribs, but the

book saved him. The bullet was unable to get beyond the

fourth chapter."

December 14, 1941 No Choice An open letter to the unknown mother who wrote an open letter!

A long airline flight in high altitude planes is a bit boring,

Dear Sister, and it is not unusual for one passenger to look for an opening

Tt was with great interest and sympathy that I read your to strike up a conversation with another. Such a one noticed

"noble words to your Fellow Church Member in the October the man riding beside him, a chap who was reading the issue. You have a son who wants to marry a girl outside National Geographic but who had a necktie whose decor had

the Church. I have a son, too, only one, and he married a no decorum either. The lonely one observed, "You know, I

girl outside the Church, a sweet English girl who, embarrassed am unable to reconcile your tie with your magazine."

by the lack of reverence in our meetings, no longer wants to The other man replied, "I buy my magazines. My ties are

attend them. "I miss the fine spirit of reverence too often given to me."

in your church that we always had in our church,"she says.

That's why I can understand what you must feel seeing the Modern rushing for doors before the service, is ended. You shiver

and rightly so—at the idea of your daughterin-lawto-be sitting The history teacher asked the children to write down as

beside you and beholding this scene. many American heroes as they could think of.

Indeed, members who act like this keep many an investigator After a while she walked down the aisle to collect the papers.

out of the Church. In a sense it is blasphemy, sister. PretendStopping by Tommy's desk, she asked why he hadn't finished

ing to serve the Lord by going to Church and at the same yet.

time planning to run away before the services are completed! "It's between seasons,"he explained, "and I can't figure out

I sincerely hope and pray that your open letter may cause whether to put fullbacks or first basemen."

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How do weDare make this Guarantee?

Fill your crankcase with new, improved Phillips 66

Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil. Try it for ten days—or up

to 1,000 miles. If it doesn't satisfy you on every count

go to any Phillips 66 Dealer and he'll arrange for a refill using any available oil you want af our expense.

The reason we dare make this guarantee is simple. We are sure this

STOP AT STATIONS WHE newIt's aandgreatimprovedmotor oil.PhillipsIt gives66 youHeavya newDutyhighPremiumin Lubritection:will please you.

quarts are over needed makeup Yes! It keeps PREVENTION? WEAR YOU SEE THESE SIGNS operation. of miles of thousands corrosion and friction from

guards your harming engine—

cylinder walls. It's because of important features piston rings and

BEARING PROTECTION? Yes! Acids like these that Phillips 66 Heavy

Oil surPremium Motor bearDuty are neutralized—protecting specificapasses manufacturers'ing surfaces from pitting.

tions for all makes of cars. It's

CLEANING ABILITY? Yes! And a truly a "Heavy Duty"motor oilclean engine means more power, will do an outstanding job in

and less gasoline consumption. trucks as well as passenger cars.

LOW OIL CONSUMPTION? Yes! It Try Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Preresists decomposition—keeps oil mium Motor Oil today. We guarcontrol rings free. So—fewer antee satisfaction!

Get New, Improved ll/hri'teCf/Oil

, jp?.,>