KMWIQI

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

I Published Monthly by the General Board at Salt Lake City,Utah

LUNCH SAXON -SIX PURE FOOD RESTAURANTS AND HOT MEALS AT HUPMOBILE ALL HOURS The Class 154 So. Main St. of

Oneand-a-half blocks from Temple their Class

The Only Illuminated Canopy on Saxon Motor Sales Co. of Utah

Main Street 430 So. Main

Tel. Was. 2182 Salt Lake City OPEN <ALL MGHT

"Whitney's Popular History of Utah '

IN ONE

HANDSOME VOLUME

THE HISTORY OF THE WEST

From Prior to the Advent of the

Pioneers to October, 1916 Contains over 600 pages and.2 50 Sympathy Is Grateful

When you're sorrowing. But it doesn't Portraits and Views

pay bills. An insurance policy is full

of the right sort of sympathy when your property is destroyed. And no Price: Cloth Embossed, $2.00

one should neglect to secure protection

Morocco, - 2.50against such a contingency. We give %

you the maximum of insurance at minimum of cost. Let us quote you rates.

Deseret News Book StoreHome Fire Insurance Co. of Utah

6 Main Sfreef, Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street

"Keep Money at Home."

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Each Day is Flag Day Now

By Alfred Lambourne

'Tis blossom time, the Spring has come,

Each day is Flag Day now!

O play the fife and beat the drum,

Each day is Flag Day now!

The birds are singing in the trees,

Each day is Flag Day now!

Unfurl our banner to the breeze,

Each day is Flag Day now!

Hail Flag, that shows the clustered Stars,

Each day is Flag Day now!

For Uncle Sam is in the Wars, Each day is Flag Day now!

Fling to the breeze the Stars and Stripes,

Each day is Flag Day now Freeman and Tyrant are at gripes,

Each day is Flag Day now!

That banner o'er the seas shall wave,

Each day is Flag Day now!

Its presence still shall tell the brave,

Each day is Flag Day now

Let Faith and Courage fill the land,

Each day is Flag Day now!

To win the fight we take our stand,

Each day is Flag Day now!

Our sons shall battle in their might,

Each day is Flag Day now!

No Peace 'till triumph'd has the Right,

Each day is Flag Day now!

aa e

Improvement Era

Vol. XX JUNE, 1917 No. 8

Faith

By Nephi Jensen

On the 10th day of December, 1916, the Rev. Fred Winslow

Adams, of New York City, preached a sermon on the subject, "What is the greatest safeguard against temptation?"The following answers elicited from persons of note formed the basis

of the discourse:

"High aims,"Andrew Carnegie.

"Influence of a good mother,"Dr. Lyman Abbott.

"The will to resist,"Oscar S. Strauss.

"Influence of a good home to those who have it, and fear to those who have not,"Booth Tarkington.

"Knowledge,"Arthur Brisbane.

"Will,"Irving Bacheller.

"Healthy interest in good things,"Sir R. Tagore.

Dr. Adams'question calls for an answer that should contain

the name of the strongest force in the world for righteousness.

What is it? Faith! Why did these noted persons, most of

whom are Christians, fail to use this word of words? Was it

because of the false modern notion that Christian faith is a mere insipid, passive leaning upon the arm of God? If some

of them had had Paul's depth of understanding of the religion of Jesus they would probably have given his answer to this question of questions: "Above all, take the shield of faith,

wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked"(Eph. 6:16).

Every temptation speaks in the serpent's original words:

"It is desirable."Only the deeprooted living assurance of the

supreme desirability of good and pure things makes the soul invulnerable to sin's deceitful enticing. It is not enough to

merely resist evil. Nothing but the deep love of the good and

true which completely quenches the desire for sinful pleasures, wholly disarms the tempter. This love is born of the faith that

gives the soul the saint's certainty of the reality and everlasting glory of the great trinity of graces, goodness, truth and beauty.

666 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Andrew Carnegie's antidote, "high aims,"suggests Goethe's words, "The important thing in life is to have a great aim."

But what is most important is the principle that inspires "high aims."Why does one "hitch his wagon to a star"? Why does

he resolve to make the development and perfection of character the most important business of life? There can be only one

answer. As is one's faith so is his aspiration.

Arthur Brisbane concludes that "knowledge"is the best safeguard against temptation. Without doubt knowledge is

power. But sin is a foe so deadly that nothing short of supreme

power can repel its deceptive advances. Almost daily we meet

men held in slavery by the cigarette and other bad habits, who say very frankly, "I know it is harmful to smoke, but I can't quit."What do these unfortunates lack? Knowledge? No.

They lack the power to turn "can't"into "can."Faith is the

name of this power, faith that transmutes the desire for evil things into the love of God and his righteousness.

A few days ago we ate lunch with a doctor. In spite of his

scientific knowledge that tobacco is injurious to health, he smoked cigarettes after his lunch. That evening we called on a

Dutch family in the capacity of ward teachers. During the

conversation the Dutchman said, "We joined the Church seven years ago. The first elders who came to our house told us that

it was wrong to use tobacco. I have never used tobacco since

that time."What is the difference between the doctor and the

Dutchman? The one has facts in his head, the other has a

living principle in his heart. Knowledge is awareness of facts;

faith is an attitude, a disposition. Nobility of heart is a better

moral guide than a head full of philosophy.

The answers of Bacheller and Strauss in the one word "Will"suggest a question which calls for a deeper answer. Why does

anyone "will"to resist temptation? Is it not because of the

soulrooted conviction that virtue leads to joy and vice is the way to despair? Would one "will"to become a saint if he did

not believe that sainthood is the highest human achievement and possible of attainment through ceaseless resolution and striving?

The conclusion is irresistible. Back of "will"is faith, and back

of faith is God.

"There is no destiny, no chance, no fate

Can circumvent or hinder or control

The firm resolve of a determined soul.

Gifts count for nothing, will alone is great,

All things give way before it soon or late."

These strong words are only true of the "will"to which faith has welded the strength of God. Such a "will"is the imperial sovereign in this world of clashing forces and enticing

deceits. Before it every foe of the soul cowers in defeat.

FAITH 667

Tagore thinks a "healthy interest in good things"is the surest safeguard against temptation. But what is really needed

is the power that awakens a "healthy interest in good things."

What is this power? What is it that unfailingly sends the soul

in eager quest of "good things?"Faith! Can there be any

doubt about it? Why does anyone adore truth, practice virtue

and thereby attain the beauty of holiness? Is it not because of

his undoubting conviction that truth alone sets the soul free, and goodness is the only way to genuine, lasting happiness and peace? It is only when faith wavers that vice seems more fair

than virtue and temptation does its deadly work. In every age

the heroic souls who have ceaselessly shunned sin as a deadly viper, and clung to virtue as the fairest thing beneath the stars, have continually had before their eyes and in their hearts the sentiment, which is the soul of all morals, "God is the great final jndge of all my thoughts, deeds and aspirations."

"A healthy interest in good things,"is a very desirable possession. But the "thirst"of the soul for "good things"is more

potential for righteousness than a "healthy interest in good things."The "hunger and thirst for righteousness,"which is

only awakened by genuine faith in Jesus Christ, sends the soul toward God and truth with an eagerness that makes vice seem hideous. This "hunger and thirst for righteousness,"is only

found in the hearts of those who have through faith drawn so close to God that they have become certain that truth alone satisfies the soul's deepest craving. These souls receive a "testimony of the truth,"which makes them so certain of the glory

of truth, the nobility of goodness and the beauty of purity, that sin becomes utterly loathsome to them.

It is most disheartening that the answer of Dr. Lyman Abbott, one of the most noted living divines, indicates that he has

forgotten or never knew that "God"is not only the most sacred but the most powerful word spoken. No one would dispute

with him the "mother's"right to a very prominent place among the names of the great factors and forces for righteousness. But

does it not smack a little of sentimentalism for a minister of

Christ to put the "influence of a good mother"above the "influence of God,"which the docotor's answer seems to do? Has

the doctor forgotten the "matchless power of Jesus'name?"

Does he expect that men can become Christians without Christ, or godlv without God? If he does, he puts himself in a class

with the majority of modern divines who have not yet learned that faith in Christ is the awakened consciousness of the divinity in man, which more powerfully and certainly than any other force keeps man from sin and draws him towards God, the goal of all good!

That not one of these answers even hints at the availability 668 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of divine power to nerve the soul with strength and courage to combat sin is perfectly in keeping with the spirit of the age. A

few centuries ago the teachers of religion strove to make the race godly without goodness. The pendulum has swung to the

other extreme. Now they are trying to make the race good

without godliness. On every hand we hear men say, "I believe

morality but I don't take any stock in religion."As well might

they say, "A watch without a mainspring is just as good as one with a spring."Faith is the mainspring of the soul. It is the

moral energy of the heart. It is for this reason that attendance

at church services, prayer, the reading of the scriptures, and all those activities that make for an increase of faith, send the soul truthward with an impetus unknown to those who only practice godless moralityGod is at the heart of all things, good, true and beautiful. To leave his name out of a plan intended for

the moralization of the race is as vain as an attempt to put harmonious tints into the heart of a flower without sunlight.

Just as the sunlight puts the glory of beauty in the soul of the rose, so God's Spirit puts the glory of purity and goodness in the human soul.

It is not enough that one "wills to resist"temptation. If he

merely strives to refrain from sinful indulgence he will still be subject to temptation. What is needed is the supreme aspiration for good and pure things that sends the soul truthward with

an impetus that leaves the tempter's schemes far in the rear of the advancing soul. Faith is the name of this aspiration. Only

living faith in God and his Christ, nerves the soul with all conquering strength in his warfare against evil. This faith makes

him conscious of the divinity in him, gives him the martyr's certainty of the everlasting glory of pure and holy things; and

awakens in the depths of his soul a "hunger and thirst for righteousness"that impels him to reach out for God with divine strength in answer to the call, "Come unto me."

Faith is the highest "aim."It is the soul's supreme aspiration. It is more than "will."It is will plus the strength of God.

It is deeper than a "healthy interest in good things."It is a

"hunger and thirst"for the best things. It leads to the "knowledge"of God which is life eternal, and which enables one to

tiuthfully say and live:

"It matters not how straight the gate,

How charged with punishment the shoal,

I am master of my fate I am captain of my soul."

Carlisle was right. "Belief is great, lifegiving. The history of a nation becomes fruitful, soulelevating, great, so soon

as it believes."

Forest Dale, Utah A Study in American Hebraic Names

. Brookbank By Thomas W

(Concluded from page 335) These remarks have already been extended far beyond the limits at first set for a conclusion, and still there are other matters closely associated with our purpose which have not yet been touched upon, and they shall now receive attention in their order. The first of these is to show a close relationship between Book of Mormon names and some found among the Indians. If the Book of Mormon is a record of Jewish ancestors

of the native Americans, that volume should show more or less clearly an analogy in names.

Laman. To head this new list none seems so appropriate

as Laman. This name is familiar to every reader of the Book of

Mormon. It occurs in Tepuchtlitaquitlaman-i, an ancient American name, with an i at the close, being thus in strict analogy

with Hebraic usage which added an i to many base names. In

Xiloman-alitzli, the name of a Nahua month, we have Laman again with simply an o instead of an a, which is but in harmony with the frequent substitution of one vowel for another in Hebraic names, and to which attention has heretofore been called.

In Laman-I-Bota the name in hand occurs without change as an independent part of a compound, which is another Nahua name.

In the appellatives of the Lamam or Lamanes tribes of California

Indians, Laman is all, or practically all, there is of these names;

and from the name Tlallaman-ac—a Nahua god—we find that

the Nahua Lamanites did not forget to deify the founder of their nation.

Mulek. According to the Book of Mormon, Mulek was the

son of Zedekiah, king of Judah, and emigrated with a company of refugees from Jerusalem to America soon after Jerusalem was overthrown by Nebuchadnezzar. The Nephites of the Book of

Mormon history gave his name to a city and a country, and his descendants among the Indians deified him in the Nahuan god named Muluc. Such in brief is the apparent history of this

Jewish prince from his birth in Jerusalem to a godship in America. Were there Jews in America anciently? Is the Book of

Mormon true? (See Omni, verses 1519; Mos. 25:2-4; Alma 22:

3032; Hela. 6:10 and 8:21, for Mulek's history.)

Cori. Cori does not occur as an independent name in the

670 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Book of Mormon; but we find it in compounds as follows: Corianton, Alma 31:7; Coriantor, Eth. 1:6; Coriantum, Eth. 1:13;

Coriantumr, Omni, 1:21; and Corihor, Eth. 7:3, and Korihor,

Alma 30:12. Among Indian names in analogy we have Nacori,

first is the name of a town, the otherCoribici and Coribizi—the

two the same name, but spelled a little differently, and applied to a tribe and their language. Cocori is the name of another Indian town and Chori, evidently Cori, in thin disguise, is the

name of a second tribe and Mocori-to of another.

Shiz (Eth. 14:17). To quiet the objection that some may

propose that a number of these names are Jaredic and not Indian by virtue of any apparent ancestral use, it is sufficient to say that the Jaredic names which are found in the Book of Ether became the property of the Jewish people spoken of in the other portions of the Book of Mormon after the records of the Jaredites were translated by Mosiah (Mos. 28:17), and, consequently,

for present purposes they serve the same use rightfully as if they had been Hebraic from the beginning. Shiz spelled

with an s instead of a z, is found in the Apache name Shisinday.

Modified to Shiza it occurs in I Ch. 11:42.

Mish. This termination occurs in the Nephite name Chemish (Bible, Carchemish) and is a very frequent termination in

Indian names.

Mahah (Eth. 6:14). An Indian goddess has the name

Mahakh. But little difference in the pronunciation of these

names is apparent, and the name of the goddess is probably merely a variant of Mahah.

U. Some of our younger readers have doubtless thought

that the Book of Mormon name Jacob-u-gath (III Nep. 9:9)

was rather a singular compound of Jacob and Gath united together by the use of u; but let it be remembered that U is used

in the Indian compounds U-CabMam, U-CabPach, U-CabTzih, and in others, where the U, judging from Bancroft's presentation of the full names as here illustrated, is evidently not a syllable belonging to Cab, but is a term separable in itself though used in these compounds; and so if one writes the name in hand as

Jacob-U-Gath, he will see how the Book of Mormon and the

Indian use of U are in analogy. Then, too, U was a complete

word in itself among the Maya Indians. The tribal name Tarahumara has already been noticed under Tarah. Tarah was the

name of a desert encampment of the ancient Israelites (Num.

33:27), and Mara means "bitter"(Ruth 1:20). Now, if we write

the name in view thus, Tarah-U-Mara, we shall see that Jacob-U-

Gath, where U connects two independent names, is in harmony with this use of U by Indians who also connected two independent names in the same manner.

A STUDY IN AMERICAN HEBRAIC NAMES 671

Lehi. A variant of this familiar Book of Mormon name is

found in the Indian tribal name Hehienimmo, or Hehighenimmo as it may be spelled; and as the name of a river and valley in

Pennsylvania, Lehigh (Lehi) occurs uncompounded.

Ishmael. The Book of Mormon informs us that this name

was anciently applied to single individuals, and to a whole people who were the descendants of that Ishmael who accompanied

Lehi from Jerusalem to America, and to a land, or to a portion of the Nephite country. It is not claimed that the Indian names

Izamal, Itzamal and Ix(z)mol are simply variants of Ishmael;

but that they are quite suggestive of having the latter for a base is evident; and when one takes into consideration the inability

of some Ephraimites to give the sh sound in names, the suggestion merges into quite a probability.

Onihah and Onidah. The first of these names was given to

a city mentioned in the Book of Mormon (III Nep. 9:7), the

other to a hill and a locality (Alma 32:4; 47:5). If we take the

Quiche name for a certain month which was Tzununidah and resolve it into its evident components, we get Tzun for the first part, which was the name of another Quiche month, and then we find that Unidah makes the second part of the compound.

Unidah varies so slightly from Onihah or Onidah that the difference in orthography need scarcely be taken into consideration in this connection. Onihah also is compounded in Mathonihah (III Nep. 19:4, and in Moronihah, Alma 62:43).

Ahah (Eth. 1:9). If the reader will now refer to remarks

that were made when the name Oloman was under consideration, he will find that Ahau was the name of one of the Quiche chiefs who led that people from a far eastern country to this land. Now, taking that fact into account with the other one

that the Book of Mormon people also came from a far eastern country according to their records, and what ground is there for a plea that the Ahah of the one people and the Ahau of the other are by mere coincidence so nearly alike? The one is an

evident variant of the other. Ahah can be spelled with a u for

the last letter, or Ahau with an h for the last one. May we not

say that the ship which brought one of these names to America brought the other also. Ahau occurs frequently in ancient American names, as for instance, in AhauCau-Mai, a Maya high priest.

AhauChamahez, a Maya god; AhauQuiche, "the Royal family,"etc.

Helem, Helam, and Helaman (Mos. 7:6; 23:20; 1:2). These

are names often used in the Book of Mormon. Two Indian

tribal, and ElemehumKillanwaist—bothnames only—Nahelem

will be given here, since the remarks made on a former page, when the name Elim was considered, are applicable in this in672 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stance also. The purpose then was to show an analogy between

Biblical and Indian names, and now it is to manifest a correspondence between Nephite and Indian names.

Mosiah (Omni 1:22). The Indian tribal name Siah is the

latter part of Mosiah, no variation occurring.

Teancum (Mor. 4:3). Tecum is the name of a Quiche chief.

Kish (Eth. 1:18; Hel. 1:9). Among the Book of Mormon

names Kish occurs alone, and is compounded in Kishkumen.

Hamath (II Nep. 20:9). Hamath is in analogy with the

Indian name Tamath. Hamath in a former reference occurs in

a quotation from Isaiah; but on account of its use in the Nephite

records, it is considered a Nephite name.

Prefixes and terminations. Concluding now remarks respecting whole names, it is observed that prefixes found in Ne

phite and Indian names are in many instances identical; but

only a few illustrative examples will be given. From the Book

of Mormon we get Nephi and Zenephi (Moro. 9:16); Ezrom

and ZeEzrom (Alma 11:6; 56:14); Cumeni and Pacumeni

(Alma 56:14; Hela. 1:3); Omner and Teomner (Mos. 27:34;

Alma 58:16). Corresponding prefixes among Indian names are

found in Lahuh, a city, and X(z)elahuh, a ruler, or governor;

Chan, a city (Palenque), Pachan, an ancestor of Votans; Siahs

and Tesiahs, tribal names; Icauhtzin and Teicaughtzin, Quiche

The following list of names taken from those in use among

Book of Mormon peoples and a few among the many that are

Indian, is not specially intended to illustrate the use of suffixes in common; but is given to show how the respective people favored the letter i as a terminal. Other letters preceding the

final i, as here illustrated, correspond in general to a greater or less extent:

Nephite. Indian. Nephite. Indian.

Lehonti. Muutzigti. Moroni. Zaki.

Manti. Saragunti. Gidgiddoni Ipalnemoaloni

Anti. Occabayanti. Muloki. Ocki.

Onti. Olalti. Amaleki. Coribici.

Gidianhi. Interunihi. Amlic(k)i. Kataghayekiki

Kumenonhi. Natsahi. Himni. Inchini.

Paanchi. Sisichii. Omni. Intzini.

Nephi. Situchi. Ani. Oumpini.

Limhi. Nochoni. Abinadi. Inbani.

Mathoni. Tlatlanililoni. Aminadi. Suchini, etc.

Middoni. Tlatoani. Gadiandi.

The Book of Mormon names in i represent perhaps ten per centum of all found in that record, but while but few on my

A STUDY IN AMERICAN HEBRAIC NAMES 673

list correspond with the three Nephite names ending in di, there are terminations in Indian names, especially those of more ancient use, not only in all the combination as illustrated by the lists; but also in ri, bi, li, mi, ui, yi, ai, pi, vi, zi, etc.,

I am certainly safe in saying that a large proportion of ancient

Indian names also have i for a terminal letter.

Duplications. Among Book of Mormon names the following show a duplication in the compound: Gidgiddonah, Gidgiddoni, Gimgimno.

This list of names showing duplications is not a formidable one, but if we should find a boy or two having Thomthom for his first name, and another who was christened Jimjim, these few would attract some attention every time the schoolroll was called, and they are enough upon which to base an analogy between Nephite and Indian names in respect to the point in hand.

Among the more numerous examples found among the latter are of anKinikkinik, Hunhunapu, Yaxtaxitaxitanne,—the name

Apache god; Roilroilpam, Belbellah, Tootooton, Wallawalla,

Ivooskooskia, Huehuetlapalan.

Though not belonging to the Book of Mormon nomenclature, some remarks now follow under the name

Votan (Lotan, a Horonite duke. Gen. 36:2029). Votan

was a Maya god. "He is said to have been a descendant of Noah,

and to have assisted at the building of the Tower of Babel.

After the confusion of tongues he led a portion of the dispersed people to America. There he established the kingdom of

Xibalba and built the city of Palenque"(Native Races, Vol.

V, pp. 2728). "Votan asserts that he is a descendant of Imox,

of the race of Chan, and derives his origin from Chivim. 'He

states that he conducted seven families from Valum Votan to this continent and assigned lands to them.'"* * * "Cabrera

supposes Chivim to be the same as Hivim or Givim, which was the name of the country from which the Hivites, descendants of

Heth, son of Canaan, were expelled by the Philistines some years before the departure of the Hebrews from Egypt"(Native

Races, Vol. V, pp. 69, 70). "It appears by the calendar"(Chiapanec) "that Imox, sometimes called Mox, and occasionally

Ninus, was the first settler in Chiapas. According to the worthy

prelate above mentioned,"(Bishop Nunez de la Vega) "this

Ninus was the son of Belo, who was the son of Nimrod, who was the son of Chus, who was the grandson of Cham"(Ibid, p. 605).

Speaking directly respecting what is given in the first of the foregoing quotations, Mr. Bancroft refers to the legend as a

"wild speculation;"but all these quotations made intensely interesting reading for believers in the Book of Mormon as the

word of God. In the Book of Ether that record gives an ac674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

count of the migration of the Jaredites from the Tower of Babel legions, and their settlement, etc., in this land.

Colob. Furthermore, the name C(k)olob, heretofore

passed, shows that to the extent to which that name supplies insignificant by any means—the Book of Abraevidence,—not

ham sustains the theory that the Indians are of Jewish origin, since that book was written by the father of the Jews, and the

Indians have used a significant name found in his work, or, reversing the proposition, since many names in use, or that have been in use, among the Indians manifest that they are Hebraic, the Book of Abraham is Hebraic also, but other analogical evidence is at hand to strengthen that supplied by the name Colob.

The Book of Abraham uses the name Enishgo-OnDosh. The

first part of this name occurs in several tribal names in variant form, as follows: Spokehnish,—ehnish; Spokihnish,—ihnish;

;Shopunish,—unish Wickinninish,—inish.

Raukeeyang. This name is explained in the Book of Abraham as meaning expanse. It evidently has an Hebraic base,

though Egyptian. The Hebrew word for firmament or expanse,

according to Young's Concordance, is pronounced raqia; the

Standard Dictionary gives rakia; the Encyc. Brit, has raqiya,

and others give raukia.

Lish. Another name found in the same book is Oliblish.

The last syllable of Oliblish occurs in Sinpoilish, Sinspeelish,

Sintootoolish, all tribal names.

Ondi. In the Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 75:15; 117:8,

11, we find the name Adamondi-Ahman. In this name ondi

does not seem to have a significance so great as the first and third parts of the compound do. In harmony with this supposition

ondi occupies an apparently subordinate position in the Indian name Anayicoyondi, a goddess (Pericuii), and in the Nephite name, Gadiandi, we have andi, apparently a slight variant of ondi.

Having thus shown how names in the Doctrine and Covenants, the Book of Abraham, the Book of Mormon, and the

Bible all show a relationship, more or less clearly manifest, to

Indian names, the purpose to continue remarks (as stated before) relative to certain peculiarities among the Hebrews in the use of language, will now be attended to; and first respecting

the omission of the sound of the letter s by the tribe of Ephraim, in general, whenever it occurs in connection with h as sh. In

analogy therewith we have among Indian names the following:

Shikinna, Siwinna, Moqui village; Shucu, Xucu, tribal name;

Shastas, Sastes, tribal name; Shahaptans, Sahaptans, tribal

name; Shebassas, Sebassas, tribal name; Shistakoostas, Sistacoostats, tribal name; Shocomish, Skocomish, tribal name;

Vesnacks, Veshanacks, tribal name. Then, further, Ssalayme,

A STUDY IN AMERICAN HEBRAIC NAMES 675

Ssichitca, Sspudca, Ssiti, S'slomamish, Ssogereate, Ssupichum are tribal names also.

The Spaniards called some of the Indians whom they met in early times "Mames,"that is, "stutterers."These were Mayaspeaking tribes whom they found in possession of portions of the

southern countires (Native Races, Vol. V, p. 563).

It is not a stretch of one's imagination at all to suppose that the Ss sound in the last seven names of the foregoing list was heard when some Indian Ephraimites tried to pronounce names in Sh, and so the Spaniards appropriately called them "stutterers."

Furthermore, the Aztecs had a lingual trademark on the use of the combination of letters Tl. Examples in Tl have

already been given in sufficient numbers. What letter or letters

this combination represented no one likely knows; but if one

centuries ago should have heard some of the American Ephraimites trying to pronounce the Hebrew name Shalim (1 Sam. 9:4),

it might have sounded a good deal like Tlali(m), and Shalisha (Ibid) like Tlal-i-tza; Shelemiah (1 Ch. 26:14) like Tlelemiah;

Shilhi like Tlilhi; Shilshah like Tliltzah, and so on.

Transposition of letters have been proposed in a few of the names that have been passed upon in these remarks. For transposition there is a warrant found in other Indian names, as, for

examples: Achiotl, Achiolt, name of plant; Alaska, Alaks(u)a;

Macaoaquez, Macoaquez, tribal names.

The transposition, or change in position, of syllables that has been suggested is in analogy with: Tlapallanconco, Little

Tlapalan; Huehuetlapallan, Old Tlapalan; Teoamoxtli, Book of

God; Centeotl, Na. goddess; Coaxolotl, Temple; Xolotlan, Nic.

name; Chiuchin, tribal name; Chinigchinich, Acag. god;

Coatlyace, Na. goddess; Cioacoatl, Na. goddess; HolonChan-

Tepeuh, A man's name; TepeuYaqui, Qui. title.

Substitution for various letters have also been proposed; but

variations of this nature are frequently found in Indian names, as, Apasco, Apazco, Az. station; Atengo, Atenco, Az. station;

Cabogh, Cahogh, Tzen. day; Evob, Enob, Tzen. day; Gabilanes,

Gavilanes, tribal name; Gagavitz, Hacavitz, Mts.; Jupis, Yupe.;,

Apache tribe; Xolabah, Xoyabah, Mts.; Sapatotots, Lapatotots,

tribal name; J opes, Lopis, Na. station; Tlanotlac, Tlaylotlac,

Na. judge; Tinneh, Dinneh, Tribal name; Tzinteotl, Tzinteutl,

Na. goddess; Achcauhtzin, Axcauhtzin, Chi. king; Icauhtzin,

Achcauhtzin, Chi. king; Volvon, Bolbon, Mts.

Many other variations of this character occur, but they are generally consonental.

In some instances, letters are omitted, (or added), as we find in Tlacatecatl, Tacatcatl, Na. judge; Xicalles, Xicali, Gourd

676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

vessels; Tzacatecatl, Tzacatcatl, Na. king; Tlahuicol, Tlalhuicol,

A Tlas. general; Tzentipac, Tzenticpac, A town; Tzoalli, Tzoali,

A kind of dough; Tzinacautla, Tzinacautlan, A town; Tulpetlac,

Tultepetlac, Az. station; Ixtlilton, Ixtliton, Na. god.

In ancient Indian names sometimes one vowel is substituted for another, as in Tlaolli, Tlaulli, dried corn; Temoanchan,

Tamoanchan, Na. name; Cioacoatl, Ciuacoatl, Na. goddess;

Tzinteotl, Tzinteutl, a town.

U is thus used apparently more frequently than any of the other vowels.

Finally, were we to avail ourselves to the fullest extent of the liberty in this investigation, which these variants manifest as occurring in Indian names, many others could be added to the already long list of AmericanoHebraic names that have been cite one example only, Yutahkah (Yutahyah)submitted,—to

which is a name for the Navajos.

Be Contented

(Selected)

Life is one continued struggle; from our birth the strife extends;

Though we find some peaceful moments—still the.struggle never ends.

Many pains and many bruises; many burning tears are shed

We must fight if we want freedom; we must toil if we want bread.

Bravely face each situation, though it be so hard to bear

Each man has an equal portion—every woman has her share.

If the world seems cold and cruel, don't despair nor sigh in vain;

Try and smile, and look will soon be right again. contented—you

Thank the Lord for all his blessing; force your spirits to arise;

If you're always sad and gloomy very few will sympathize.

Sadness spreads in all directions, gladness spreads far quicker still,

Hide away your little worries, though it be a bitter pill.

Smiles are like the rays of sunshine flashing on a flowing stream

In a thousand bright reflections—dazzling, wonderful, supreme.

-Try and smile on all occasions—watch how easily it blends

You will find your load seems lighter, and you'll soon have many friends.

—Pearson's JFeekly.

Food Production and Conservation

In Utah

By Dr. E. G. Peterson, President Utah Agricultural College

In order to meet the present national emergency and especially in view of the present and threatened shortage of food, it is necessary that every possible effort be made by the people of Utah to produce more food and forage and to adopt measures of conservation which will extend the usefulness of our supply.

We are remote from the active scenes of war, living as we do in a very inaccessible part of the civilized world, possibly the most inaccessible from the standpoint of physical invasion. We

consequently feel only remotely the pressure of war. The fact

is, however, that we are at war and are partners in the greatest of all world conflicts in the interest of freedom. We must rejoice or suffer with that great part of humanity who are now

our allies. Our food must be shared with them, as well as with

our fellow countrymen. We must sustain ourselves and raise in

such abundance that we can feed a vast army to be raised in our own land and the armies and civilians of those nations who fight with us.

A statewide organization, encouraged by proclamation from the Governor's office, has been perfected in Utah and at work actively in each county since April 10. The organization

consists essentially of a chairman in each county who has grouped around himself a committee with representatives from the important localities in each county. The first meeting of

the Statewide organization, which will work in the present emergency under the title of "Committee on Food Production and Conservation,"was held at the Utah Agricultural College at Logan on April 10. At that time the Committee decided upon

the following method of procedure. The county chairman in

each county was to organize as indicated above. He was to secure, if possible, an appropriation of $500.00 from the county

commissioners with which to employ an emergency county agricultural agent, at a reasonable wage, providing there was not already a county agent and a farm bureau in the county. The

county agricultural agent was immediately to secure, if possible, a small appropriation from each town or city in the county (from the city council) with which to employ garden super678 IMPROVEMENT ERA

visors for three months at least, one in each of the larger towns.

The garden supervisors should immediately begin organizing the boys and girls, and older people where agreeable, into clubs for the production of easily stored garden crops such as onions, potatoes, beans, carrots and turnips.

The emergency county agent, as well as the regular county agent, immediately began a campaign throughout the county to emphasize especially the following points:

Increase the Live Stock.

1. Use greater discrimination in the selection of cattle, of both the

dairy and beef types.

2. Develop farm flocks of sheep.

3. Raise more hogs.

4. Make a bigger business of farm poultry.

5. Conserve all feeds.

6. Feed carefully and economically.

7. Give animals proper care.

Increase Production on the DryFarm.

1. Encourage the planting of fallow land to corn, potatoes, beans, or

other cultivated crops.

2. Where moisture conditions will permit plant spring barley, oats,

and wheat. 3. Encourage the building of silos and the growing of silage crops, as

a means of producing more and cheaper feeds.

4. Urge the testing of all seeds, and plant only the best obtainable.

Increase Production on the Irrigated Farm.

1. Utilize all waste places by planting standard crops on the best land,

and sweet clover and rye on the poorer land.

2. Encourage the boys and girls to utilize all the vacant lots and yards

in the cities and country, by planting to onions, beans, sugar beets, tomatoes, etc.

3. Encourage a greater interest in home gardening, so that each family

may be provided with sufficient vegetables for home use.

4. In young orchards plant such crops as beans, potatoes, sugar beets,

tomatoes, carrots, mangels, and garden crops; in the old orchards

plant rape, clover, oats and peas, rape and barley, or rape and oats for forage and pasture.

Conserve all Products of the Farm and Garden.

Eliminate all Waste in the Home and on the Farm.

Encourage each Community to be SelfSupporting.

In the larger effort to produce more, let us not forget the obligation to save more. We should now, above all other times,

be abstemious in eating. Do not over eat. We should discard

the extravagant and injurious foods. Stimulants and narcotics,

such as alcoholic drinks, tea, and coffee, should be discarded as wasteful, if for no other reason. All food, and fats especially,

should be conserved—not thrown away. Candy eating should be

cut to a very low minimum. Chewing gum is unnecessary. Old

clothing should be renovated where possible. An effort should

be made to do with fewer neckties, shoes, shirts and in some cases, hats.

The following are the expenditures in America each year

FOOD PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION 679

for worthless and harmful stimulants, narcotics, intoxicating liquors, and luxuries:

Tobacco $ 1,200,000,000 Jewelry and plate 800,000,000 Confectionery 200,000,000 Tea and coffee 100,000,000 Chewing gum 13,000,000 Intoxicating liquors 2,200,000,000

The total reaches the truly stupefying sum of $4,513,000,000.

Adoption of the "Word of Wisdom"by the United States would save the county $3,500,000,000 each year. And this overwhelming figure does not include the much larger gain which would

come from greater efficiency on the part of the workers from abstaining from stimulants and narcotics. The increase in production would probably increase the figure mentioned ten fold.

In the farm practice the young folks should learn how to can and preserve vegetables, fruits and meats and an ample supply of these should be stored in every Utah home. Let ua fill our

pits and pantries and cellars with an ample supply for the very serious times which may be ahead of us. And in this economy

we can save much that is usually wasted. Windfall apples and

other fruits, excess vegetables and meats can, by very simple methods, be canned so that they are very appetizing and nutritious. Instructions in all these lines of work have been sent

broadcast throughout the State and will be furnished free by the Extension Division of the Agricultural College, at Logan,

Utah.

The following men are designated as the leaders in their counties in the present emergency. The county chairman, in

the counties where there are farm bureaus, are asked to cooperate with the farm bureaus and keep the executive secretary of the committee informed of anything that can be designed to help in the general movement:

R. S. Collett, Roosevelt; C. R. Marcussen, Price; H. H. Blood, Kaysville;

J.jmes Houston, Panguitch; A. H. Belliston, Nephi; fin. Seegmiller, Kanab;

Daniel Heiner, Morgan; J. E. Peterson, Circleville; G. H. Robinson, Laketown; R. D. Young, Richfield; L. R. Anderson, Manti; L. H. Redd, Grayson;

Moses W. Taylor, Coalville; C. Alvin Orme, Tooele; Don B. Colton, Vernal;

E. H. Snow, St. George; Joseph Eckersley, Loa; J. R. Murdock, Heber;

John P. Holmgren, Bear River: W. W. Farrer, Beaver; Ephraim Burgeson,

Cornish; H. A. Nelson, Ferron; F. B. Hammond, Moab; John U. Webster,

Cedar City; Dean F. Peterson, Delta; W. C. Winder, Salt Lake; John W.

Alleman, Springville; D. D. McKay, Huntsville.

The following county chairmen of the Agricultural College are putting their influence back of the farm bureau presidents, in order to make the campaign effective:

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA

W. S. Hansen, Collinston; S. O. White, Beaver; Lars P. Oveson, Castledale; L. N. Marsden, Parowan; John Reeve, Hinckley; John Halls, Hunts-

\ille; E. W. Southwick, Lehi.

It is thought that Utah, through its Church organization, can more effectively meet the present apparent emergency than any other state in the Union. Let us prove ourselves worthy to be

called sons and daughters of the Pioneers.

Logan, Utah

Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

DESOLATIONS OF WAR This is one of the first photographs connected with the German retreat in France to reach this country.

As fast as the Germans retreated, in their recent wholesale evacuation in France, the French engineers rushed in and started to repair the horrors inflicted upon the towns for "military purposes."

The photograph shows an army of engineers at work in the streets of

Noyon, one of the French towns vacated by the Germans.

The photograph gives an idea of the apparently unneeded havoc and ruin wreaked on the town. The picture is the signal of the new era that is

sweeping over Europe. Let us pray that the desolation and ruin may soon

stop, and labor to the end that the might of the world will be turned to the, greater and nobler work of reconstruction.

The First Farm in Dry Valley*

By Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

"Guess I'll see if I can get Lem Watkins to help with the spring work. We ought to begin plowing right away. If this

weather keeps up it won't be long till we can put in the early crops."Jerry Mortimer addressed the family in general as he

sat down a little late to the breakfast table. The old man at

the other end of the table looked up in surprise.

"Why, we don't need anybudy, do we, Jerry? Ain't we

always got along with the spring work ourselves?"

The younger man hesitated a moment as he helped himself to the brown hash. He might as well have it out with father,

he argued with himself. He had hoped the old man would be

able to see how things were without him having to explain.

see, father, ought not to work in the "Well,—you you—youfields any more. You're getting too old. And besides you have

had the rheumatism extra bad this winter. There's more work

than Fred and Jim and I can do, and of course Johnny is too young to help. Lem is a good hand, so I thought we might as

well get him before someone else does. You've had your day

of hard work in the fields, so it's time you had a chance to stay in and rest and enjoy yourself."Jerry began briskly on his

hash, complimenting himself that he had rather cleverly handled a delicate problem.

The faded, grey eyes across the table stared for a moment uncomprehendingly, but only for a moment. The old eyes were

not as keen as they had once been, it is true. Neither did the

old man's mind work as rapidly as in his earlier days, but the eves were still keen enough, the mind was still quick enough to grasp the meaning back of the son's words. A slow flush crept

over the wrinkled face, and the toilworn hand trembled a little as it pushed the plate back on the table.

"Stay in the house and rest and enjoy himself"when the rich brown earth, new from its winter's sleep, was calling him with its smell of loamy dampness, and its tender, sprouting green grass blades and tiny opening leaflets? "Stay in the house and

enjoy yourself"when the meadowlarks were pouring their liquid sweetness into the fresh spring air from every budding willow

*This story was awarded first place in the February, 1917, Improvement

Era story contest.

682 IMPROVEMENT ERA

clump, and the frogs were croaking their throaty medleys from every nog in the meadow? "Stay in the house and enjoy himself"when his own blood was tingling with the sublime miracle

of spring, just as he could remember it tingling with all the springs of his seventy active years?

The red on the sunken cheeks grew deeper. There was no

doubt as to Jerry's meaning. The father had seen a foreboding

shadow of this day, away last fall when one afternoon the dampness of the newly plowed field had made him limp with the rheumatism, and Jerry had insisted on his going to the house.

He had caught a glimpse of the unwelcome spectre of old age and outgrown usefulness then, but he had pushed the tantalizing image from him with a determined hand. But there was no

turning from its grim features now.

"Here, grandpa, have another biscuit. Why, you haven't

eaten your egg! Is anything the matter?"His daughterin-

law, all unconscious of the tragedy going on there, at the end of the table, passed the bread plate to him.

"No, they ain't nothing the matter, Molly, but somehow I don't feel very hungry this morning. Guess I'll go out and walk

about a bit."

"Well, be careful and not get your feet damp. You don't

want another spell of rheumatism,"she called after him as he shuffled from the room.

"Yes, I'll go right over and see about getting Lem,"Jerry remarked as the old man's bent form passed the window. I

should have got someone a year or so ago. I really didn't realize

how old and feeble father was getting. He always seemed to

enjoy the work. Well, he's going to have it easier from now

on."

Jeremiah Mortimer stood looking over the land into which he had sown the energy and wisdom and faith of an active life.

The familiar stretches of brown earth seemed suddenly to have grown strange to him. This was no longer his farm; it was

Jerry's. He was no longer needed in the operation of it. The

realization gave him a dull pain. One after another he regarded

the landmarks of his toilsome, sacrificing years, yet withal, happy years because they were filled with activity and usefulness. There was the old granary where he and Harriet had

commenced housekeeping fifty years ago. There were the apple

trees and pear trees and currant bushes they had set out that first year. There was the old well and the milkhouse and toolshop, and even the miniature fort he had built for Jerry when

he was a little chap of seven. These objects had always seemed

a part of his very life before, but now they stared at him mockTHE FIRST FARM IN DRY VALLEY 683

ingly, reminding him in their unchanging utility, of his own vanished usefulness.

He had wandered down through the orchard, past the gardenplot to the fence dividing the meadow land from the stretches of hare fields. He leaned listlessly against the meadow

hars and stared before him unseeingly. Life, which had always

seemed so sweet a thing to him, had suddenly become a desolate, empty void; a period of dreary waiting for the end. The dull

pain grew to an aching numbness. He hoped the waiting would

not be long. He was ready now for the uncertainties of the

Great Beyond—now that his usefulness was past. A mist was

gathering in the faded grey eyes. He hoped Harriet would be

waiting for him there on the other side.

"Why, hello Gramp! I didn't know you wuz down here.

Did ye see my butterfly? It had big brown wings with yeller

slreaks. I been a chasm'him clean down frum the upper

pasture. Gee! but ain't it a bully day?"and nineyear-old

Johnny lifted his freckled face and seemed to fill himself with the fresh sweetness of the April morning.

The old man had started at his grandson's unexpected appearance. With one horny hand he wiped the mist from his

eyes and looked down into the animated little face upraised to his. But he did not speak for a moment and Johnny chattered on.

"I seen a bluejay this mornin'and two robins an'I heard a meader lark over by the south hedge. An'say, Gramp, ole

Dominick's got a nest up in the hay with 'leven eggs in it an'she's settin'on 'em. How long is it takes the little biddies to git in

the eggs?"The youngster had not noticed anything unusual in

his grandfather, and this fact made the old man feel more like himself. "It takes three weeks, Johnny,"and the aching tenseness in grandpa's throat began to relax.

"Gee! I wisht I knew how long she's been settin'. I like

to watch the little chicks come out, don't you, Gramp?"There

was a little pause and then Johnny chattered on, "Say, but ain't this the bulliest day? I like spring betterin'any time. It

makes a feller feel like gittin'right down an'diggin'in the dirt with his hands, and hunt fer baby plants an'smell the earth an'taste it. Spring sure is bully!"—even

Then a tiny shadow settled on the small face as Johnny dug the toe of his wellworn shoe into the soft dirt. His next words

came after a short silence, and were spoken wistfully. "I wisht

I had a garden. Daddy give Jim one two years ago, an'now

he's goin't'let Fred have a piece up in the north field all fer hisself. Sam Kirk's pa's goin't'give Sam some land and so is

684 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bill Harding's, an'Ted an'Tom Peters is goin'to have a hull strip t'do jist what they please with."The big blue eyes looked

longingly across the stretches of brown earth waiting for the tiller's hand.

"Daddy says I'm too little to be anything but a nuisance on the farm,"the little fellow explained with a sigh.

Something gripped the old man's heart as he looked down sympathetically into the face of this little partner in suffering uselessness. The child's disappointment suddenly loomed up

as of vastly greater importance than his own. His eyes turned

there was not one littleagain to the broad stretch of fields—and

corner for them! His gaze drifted beyond the field to the

bounding hillside. Then it seemed to penetrate to the other

side of that hill; to a broad waiting tracts of unvalley—great

touched, inviting lands. It was Dry Valley. Something stirred

in the old man's memory. It was a vision he had once had in

the old busy years, when once he had read an article on "Dryfarming in the West."He had seen Dry Valley transformed into

waving grain fields. But it had only been one of the unfulfiled, fleeting visions of his active, useful years.

He stood very still now as the vision flashed back with vivid clearness. His blood, which had been coursing through his body

with numbing pain, suddenly went rioting with the realization that the vision had not been an impossible one. He had read

olher articles on dryfarming since that time. He had actually

heard of dryfarming in the northern part of the state. Why

could it not be done in the southern part as well? Strangely

the vision took the form of a wonderful purpose. He felt as

young as the boy beside him.

"Johnny!"he exclaimed impulsively, "what do you say if we

go over on to'ther side of that hill an'make us a farm?"

"Jerry, ye goin't'be usin'Dobbin an'the light wagon today?"It was two weeks later, and the Mortimers were again

a*, the breakfast table.

"Why, I guess not, father. Why?"

"I thought mebbe Johnny an'me could take 'em an'go to town. We ain't either of us been fer quite a spell."

"Why, sure you can take 'em,"Jerry answered a little puzzled at his father's unusual manner as well as at the unusual request. "But wouldn't the surrey be better for a pleasure trip?"

"I reckon I'm oldfashioned,"grandpa replied with a little chuckle, but I always would ruther ride in a wagon than any fancy contraption. Besides the girls or Molly might want the

surrey 'fore we git back. Maybe we'll decide to make a hull

day of it, seem'yer not needin'Dobbin. Johnny,"grandpa continued as he arose from the table, "you better git yer ma to put

THE FIRST FARM IN DRY VALLEY 685

us up some sandwiches, then we won't need t'hurry hack if we don't want to. I'll go out an'be harnessin'up."

"It certainly has done father a lot of good, my taking the whole responsibility of the farm from his shoulders,"Jerry remarked as his father left the house. "I didn't have any idea he

would perk up so. I really felt a little worried for fear he'd

miss the things he's always been used to doing, but he seems to feel splendid, doesn't he?"

"I don't think he has been so contented and happy since before your mother died,"Molly answered. "He and Johnny

are together all the time, just like a couple of boys. They spend

hours off on long tramps nearly every day. It's a good thing

for them both. Johnny has always been so full of mischief

before."Both Jerry and Molly would have been mystified could they have seen Johnny and grandpa a half hour later. They had

driven the light wagon down to the edge of the orchard and into it they were stowing a varied collection of things which had been surreptitiously hidden there during the past week. There were

farming tools and bags of seeds and odd pieces of lumber, not to mention garden lines and goods boxes, and old overalls, shoes and gloves.

"We'll take these things out to our farm first, then we'll go lo town fer the plow an'harrow an'things an'mabe we can git back an'started to work 'fore noon,"Grandpa confided happily to Johnny as they worked.

"What'll we do first, an'kin I help?"asked Johnny as they

rattled down the road. His freckled face was aglow with mystery and pride.

"Sure. You'll help do everything. There's lots to do. It'll

keep us a hustlin'. Now we've got the rocks off an'the brush

grubbed an'it's all laid off we'll plow an'harrer. Then we'll

have to make some kind of a shelter fer our tools an'things.

0, they's plenty to do, Johnny. Plenty to do!"The old man

clucked happily to Dobbin, and his eyes beamed almost as brightly as Johnny's.

After that Grandpa and Johnny often borrowed the light wagon and old Dobbin for an excursion. And they continued

also to take long walks over the western hill. Had the members

of the family been less interested and busy with their own affairs they might have wondered what it all meant, but there was an occasional comment, such as, "What takes Grandpa and Johnny off so much?"or, "Isn't Grandpa's rest doing him a world of

good?"but that was all. And the days of May and June and

686 IMPROVEMENT ERA

July passed and the little secret farm over in Dry Valley thrived to the wonder and delight of the two farmers.

One morning in the latter part of July as the two were disappearing over the hill, Grandpa drew a folded newspaper from his pocket. His wrinkled hands shook with excitement as he

opened it. "Johnny, look at that!"he exclaimed indicating a big headline at the top of the page: Prizes offered by State for best exhibit of dryfarm products raised in each county. Prizes to be

awarded at county fair this fall.

The old man read the announcement tremulously.

"That means us Johnny! That means us! They ain't another dryfarm in this here county. Nobudy but us knows that

dryfarmin'is possible in these big red sand valleys. That's

when we'll give 'em our surprise party, Johnny, there at the fair. Kin ye hold in that much longer, sonny?"the old man's

face glowed as he patted the youngster's head.

"You bet!"Johnny assured him as he turned a somersault

in the road ahead of his grandfather. "Gee! but they'll be surprised. I measured Daddy's biggest squash this morning an'it

only beats our'n a quarter of a inch an'our corn is purt'near as high as his. 0, Gramp, ain't it fun t'farm?"

At last the time for the county fair arrived. The day before

the wonderful event was a busy one on the Mortimer farm. Jerry

had never been so proud of the exhibit he was prepared to make.

He usually took a number of ribbons. This year he expected to

outdo his former reputation.

"Molly, do you know where Father and Johnny are?"he

inquired along the middle of the forenoon, as he poked his head in at the kitchen door.

"Why, no. I haven't seen them since morning. I believe I

did notice them going off down through the orchard right after breakfast. They must be somewhere around."

"No, I've been calling and looking all over. They never

8eem to be around any more. I thought they could tie up the

vegetables. Johnny's getting plenty big eough to do something and a little work wouldn't hurt Father at a busy time like

this, but I'll declare the two of them are off chasing butterflies and hunting birds'nests the whole time. I guess you'll have to

let Lizzie and Kate come out and help awhile. We've got to get

our stuff to the Fair before five o'clock or there won't be time to fix the exhibit. I don't see where under the sun those two

can be,"and Jerry turned impatiently back to the barnyard.

The morning of the Fair dawned with all the welcome, warmth and radiance of a perfect Indian summer day. The

Mortimers were astir early, busy and excited, getting readv to go to town.

THE FIRST FARM IN DRY VALLEY 687

"Well, I'll declare, I don't know what ever has come over

Father,"Jerry confided to Molly as he wrestled with his collar and tie. "Nothing would do but he and Johnny should take

Dobbin and the light wagon and start out a half hour ago. He

acts more excited over the Fair than the children do. It's a

good thing I got Lem Watkins early in the spring or we would have been hard put for help on the farm this summer. I didn't

know he was so near the end of his usefulness. But,"he added

comfortably, "he seems wonderfully well and happy, doesn't he? And, of course, that is what we want."

Glenville was a-buzz with all the gay splendor and happy activity attendant upon the small country fair. Vehicles of

every description were drawn up in long lines on both sides of

Main street, the greater number being near the Town Hall where the fair was in progress. Flags waved above decorated shop

windows. Venders of ice cream and lemonade and crackerjack and toy balloons persuasively called out their wares. Knots

of men gathered here and there and discussed crops and the growing prospects of the county. Neighboring farm wive?

greeted each other warmly, and enquired with interest about each other's children, the fall cleaning, sewing and canning.

Children ran joyously about, laughing and shouting, enjoying to the full this gala holiday.

Inside the long hall a throng of people moved slowly from one splendid display to another. The women paused before

tables covered with canned fruits and vegetables and preserves, or exclaimed over the array of fancy quilts and sofa pillows.

The men looked with judicious eyes over the trays of vegetables and fruits, halting here and there where a red or blue or white ribbon proclaimed the decision of the judges.

Down in the far end of the hall a small boy and an old man waited eagerly. They were before a neat display of varied farm

products above which hung the conspicuous information:

Exhibit from the Dryfarm of J. and J. Mortimer

In the center of the table rested another placard upon which was written:

This Display was Awarded the Special $100 Cash Prize Offered by the State "Here they come! Here they come!"Johnny whispered

excitedly, clutching his grandfather's arm as he indicated their approaching family.

Jerry Mortimer, his wife, two daughters, and sons, Fred and

Jim, were slowly making their way down the long hall. They

v/ore looks of satisfaction, having just observed a number of ribbons in the Mortimer display.

688 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Why, there's Grandpa and Johnny, at last!"exclaimed

Molly, and the group moved more rapidly toward them.

Jerry looked up at the inscription above the exhibit before which his father and son were standing. He stopped and stared.

What did it mean?

Exhibit from the Dryfarm of J. and J. Mortimer. He looked

at the two figures standing expectantly before him, then turned again to the inscription and to the placard telling of the prize.

What did it mean?

"Yep, it's our'n!"chirped Johnny in answer to the puzzled

question on his father's face. He could contain himself no

longer. "Gramp an'me's got the bulliest farm over in Dry

Valley! We're goin'to take ye all out t'see it when ye git

done lookin'around!"

"Father!"exclaimed Jerry and there was a queer tightening

in his throat as slowly he began to grasp the truth. "Father,

what does it mean?"

"Jist what the lad says, Jerry. Ye see Johnny an'me wasn't

paticully needed on your farm any more so we thought we'd git t'work an'prove that dryfarmin'could be done around here as well as any other place. An'if our stuff here don't convince

ye that it can, we reckon our acre up in Dry Valley will. The

judges is been out there this mornin'an'they've got a committee figurin'on settin'up a State Experiment Station on our land an'they say it won't be five years before the hull o'Dry Valley will be a stretch o'wavin'grain fields."

Chicago, Illinois

Copyright by Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

GREAT RUSSIAN DUMA (IN SESSION) WHICH NOW GOVERNS ALL

THE RUSSIANS The Czar had ordered the Duma suspended. That body refused and

on March 10 put themselves at the head of the nation. On the 12th a new

government was formed with Prince Lvoff as Premier, and Professor Paul

Milukoff as Foreign Minister.

Palestine of the Future

By J. M. Sjodahl, Editor Millennial Star

Some months ago I perused with some interest an article in an Eastern magazine, on, "Will the Great War Give Palestine to the Jews?"by David Baron.

Mr. Baron remarks, "Which of the Gentile powers God mav

use to help the Jews to regain possession of Palestine while still in the condition of unbelief, and under what auspices, or 'protection,'they may be established there in the first instance * * one cannot know."

This brought to my mind the remarkable propehcy of

Isaiah (43:3), "For I am the Lord thy God, the Holy One of

Israel, thy Savior: / gave Egypt for thy ransom"

If we may accept this as it reads, and as referring to the final restoration of the Jews to the Land of Promise, it indicates with sufficient clearness which of the Gentile powers God has selected ad his instrument to accomplish that purpose. For, has he not,

in our day, entrusted Egypt to the care of Great Britain? On

the 19th of December, 1914, the British government took full charge of the land of the ancient Pharaohs. That was one of

the first great achievements of the present conflict. If God gave

Egypt to Great Britain as a "ransom"for Israel, he undoubtedly expects Great Britain to see to it that Palestine is restored when the European powers, after the war, shall meet in conference and draw new boundaries. It rests with this great nation, having

accepted the "ransom,"to restore the pledge.

Ezekiel (47:13 to 48:29) describes Palestine restored and

Jerusalem rebuilt on a larger scale than ever before, as he saw the country and its greater capital in his vision. There is much

in this prophetic utterance that is obscure, but it appears that the Prophet saw a country extending from about 30 to 40 degrees north latitude, and from 34 to 37 degrees east longitude. This

country, being about 280 miles in length and 150 in breadth, was divided in 13 provinces. The central division was 50 by 150

miles in area and was set apart for the public service. Jerusalem

with its Temple occupied an area in this reservation, or more precisely, in the "holy oblation,"ten miles square. To the north

were seven provinces, each about 20 by 150 miles, and named for the following sons of Jacob, respectively, Judah, Reuben,

Ephraim, Manasseh, Naphtali, Asher, and Dan. To the south

690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were five provinces, each containing a similar area as those in the north, and named, Benjamin, Simeon, Issachar, Zebulon, and Gad.

This seems to be the restored Palestine of Ezekiel's vision.

But it is only Palestine as a reborn child. The Greater Palestine will extend from the river Euphrates in the north to the

Red Sea, and from the Mediterranean to Euphrates in the east.

The desert will be made to "blossom as the rose"(Is. 35:1).

Irrigation will do for that part of the world what it has done for what was once regarded as the American desert, and thus the time will come when restored Palestine will be the center of a civilization in which arbitration shall takenew civilization—a

the place of armies and navies, and in which, as a consequence, peace and prosperity, and religious liberty shall prevail. For,

"The Law shall go forth from Zion, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem."Then, tools of war will be turned into implements of agriculture; each man shall own his little home, or,

as the Prophet has it, "shall sit under his vine and under his fig tree;"and, further, "all people will walk every one in the name

of his God"(Micah 4:1-5; Is. 2:1-4). Such is the civilization

which will develop with the restoration of Palestine. God speed

the day!

Liverpool, England

Beautiful Sunbeams

Beautiful sunbeams, so pure and so bright,

Filling our hearts with the purest delight,

Waking the flowers from sweetest repose,

Shading the rainbow and tinting the rose,

Always an angel of mercy thou art,

Ever thy mission to gladden the heart,

Sending thy lovelight to every domain,

Changing the fields into ripe golden grain.

Wonderful orbit, so pure and so bright,

Always returning to chase away night,

Sometimes retreating in frolicksome glee,

Shining alike on the bond and the free.

LifeBeautiful—beautiful—beautifulwithout thee would be one light.dreary night,

Wonderful—wonderful—wonderful light,

Sunbeams of mercy, angels of light,

God in His mercy hath given to thee,

Light for our footsteps on land and o'er sea,

Always resplendent in heaven thy throne,

Naught can remove thee, but God's hand alone.

l.ents, Oregon

Mary B. Jenkin

Constantinople

By Dr. Joseph M. Tanner

Beloved city, the charm of Oriental life! Through the centuries, one of the most picturesque and inviting cities of the

world has lain in a state of weariness and helplessness. Now

that the great war has brought its destiny into the balance, it is but natural that one should ask what is to be its fate? In the

distance it lends an enchanting view, unsurpassed by any city in the world; but the nearby vision of its dirty streets, its cobblerock roads, its motley inhabitants, its wandering dogs, brings the

greatest disappointment. One cannot help the thought that a

city so wonderful in the beauty of its landscape, so potent in commerce, so favorable in climate, should be the mistress of the world.

What will become of this historic city, whose past is so full of interest, and whose future is so full of promise? It is on the

great waterway leading from central Europe to the Mediterranean and the southern seas. About twenty miles north of the

city, the shores of the Black Sea converge into a channel varying from onefourth of a mile to a mile in width. This channel is

bounded on each side by rolling hills, whose evergreen foliage make it one of the most charming waterways of the world.

Where this channel, the Bosphorus, flows into the Marmora,

Constantinople is located. The waters of this sea are in turn

emptied by another historic stream, the Dardanelles into the

TEgean Sea, from the iEgean Sea into the Mediterranean, through the Mediterranean by way of the Suez Canal into the

Indian Ocean, and through the Straits of Gibraltar into the

Atlantic. Through this great waterway past Constantinople,

Russia might carry the wealth of her unlimited products to all the nations of the world. It taps the Austrian Empire, Rumania,

Bulgaria, and Serbia, through the River Danube.

Lying immediately east of Constantinople is the undeveloped empire of Asia Minor, (which now luckily seems to be coming into the control of the liberal government of Britain), whose resources have barely been touched, and whose coming developments are the most promising source of future wealth that any undeveloped country in the world has to offer. Leading down from the high lands of Armenia, in Asia Minor, along

the great waters of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, one comes to the center of ancient civilization in the valley of the Meso692 IMPROVEMENT ERA

potamia. Here the great kingdoms of Assyria, Babylon, Chaldea

and Persia witnessed their rise, their grandeur, and their fall.

It awaits only the hand of the engineer to construct dams and great waterways to make it one of the most inviting lands of the world, to rival the fertile lowlands of Egypt. Syria and

Palestine lie dormant under the curse of an offended God. At

the touch of modern husbandry these countries would spring into a commercial life that would rival the greatest nations of the world. West of Constantinople are the great plateaus of

Macedonia, whose roadways witnessed the triumphant march of

Alexander the Great. Out of the Balkan mountains, as well as out

of Macedonia, the wealth of the West might be opened through the gates of this wonderful city. In ancient days it was the great

commercial mart of the world. Into it, Europe, Asia, and Africa

were constantly pouring their limitless wealth. From the Bosphorus, up through the center of Constantinople runs an arm of

water extending in the shape of a horn. Because of the gold

that found its way into this arm of the Bosphorus, it is styled the "Golden Horn."On one side is the Turkish part of the

city, called "Stamboul;"on the northern part is "Pera,"the

European side. Thus Occidental and Oriental life come in

touch, and over the bridge which spans the Golden Horn, separating these two parts of the city, there pass almost hourly as many as twenty different nationalities. What a motley citizenship it possesses! Vast wealth of the world might again be

made tributary to this city of Constantine. It was early the

home of Christianity. For more than four centuries it has been

the home of the Mohammedan religion.

Constantinople is in a way the freest city in the world. The

government, it is true, is lax, but people are permitted to do very much as they think best, and there is a mutual tolerance of all these races respecting manners and habits of one another that is truly striking. There men may do very much as they please,

and if a man were met walking on his head in the street, he would barely be noticed, so indifferent are the inhabitants to the peculiarities of one another.

In the great war now raging in Europe, Constantinople is the goal of Russia and the hope of Germany. That Constantinople will continue in the lethargy of its past is unthinkable.

If the Turk be permitted to retain this capitol of the Mohammedan religion, he will be more and more under the tutelage of

German civilization and industry. If it falls to the lot of the

now changed Russia, who can say what its fate will be? Russia

might indeed make it the most beautiful city in the world, because in that country the whole empire yields up its marvelous contributions to the demand of Russian pride. Every one who

has lived there, who has been charmed by its indolent life, will

CONSTANTINOPLE 693

have his preference about its future possessor. There are those

who would prefer Germany; on the other hand, there are those

who think Russia would take a pride in its development that no other nation would even dream of. As to the pride of its inhabitants, there might not be a very great difference. I can

hardly suppress the wish that it might be a truly cosmopolitan city, a free city, a city under the administration of a great international council, a city where its bizarre life could go on unrestrained and unchanged. We know the greater liberty of

English institutions, but England has no ambition for it. The

choice as to what shall become of Constantinople must rest either with the Germans or with the Russians. The Turks must and

will go. That city never will be in the future as it has been

in the past. Germany has borne thus far the brunt of the war

of the central powers, and could she win, her word would be as effectual as her military supremacy has been dominant. There

will be no conditions, when the peace of Europe is signed, that will appeal so strongly to the imagination, as the fate of Constantinople.

Liberty for All

(Selected)

They tell me, Liberty, that in thy name

I may not plead for all the human race

That some are born to bondage and disgrace—

Some, to a heritage of woe and shame

And some to power supreme, and glorious fame

With my whole soul I spurn the doctrine base,

And, as an equal brotherhood, embrace

All people, and for all fair freedom claim!

Know this, oh man! whate'er thy earthly fate

God never made a tyrant nor a slave;

Woe, then, to those who dare to desecrate

His glorious to all he gave image—for

Eternal rights which none may violate

And by a mighty hand the oppressed

He yet shall save—Wm. Lloyd Garrison.

The World Without Science

By Dr. F. S. Harris, Director Utah Agricultural Experiment Station

As people move about in the world performing their several tasks, with the aid of numerous mechanical devices and surrounded by many conveniences and luxuries, they are prone to look upon these conditions as having always existed, when in reality the last century has seen more progress in scientific discovery than have all the previous centuries of human history.

It is only necessary to compare conditions in the days of our great grandfathers with those today to realize how very rapid has been the change. The debt that mankind owes to science

is made clear, on comparing the possibilities of a civilization in the absence of science with one assisted by the powerful agencies of modern research.

It has been the practice of a certain class of persons to undermine the teachings of science, thinking that they were thereby staying the ravages of some hideous monster and rendering a service to mankind. Thanks to the gradual spread of

learning, persons of that class are rapidly being replaced by those who see in science nothing to be feared but something to be fostered and developed. People are finding that the sole

aim of science is the discovery of truth, and that no amount of suppression will prevent truth from eventually being discovered.

That scientific workers often draw erroneous conclusions from available facts no one can deny; but that they should be hindered in the pursuit of their investigations because of a few

mistakes would be to deny them the charity that is extended in every other endeavor of mankind.

Science, unlike religion, has had to develop very slowly. In

religion, the revealed word has always been a guide and has pointed the way; in science, every step has required long and

tedious work. It required ages for man to learn how to draw

on nature for her hidden secrets. Old habits of thinking had

to be discarded and new methods of work devised before noteworthy results could be obtained; but with these difficulties

overcome advancement was rapid.

Going back to the very dawn of history we find the Egyptians possessed of considerable knowledge of the stars and the seasons. They also understood the properties of the triangle

*Presidential address, delivered before the Utah Academy of Sciences,

Salt Lake City, April 6, 1917.

THE WORLD WITHOUT SCIENCE 695

and used this knowledge in resurveying the land that was flooded each year by the Nile.

There was no real development in science, however, till the

Greeks began their rather systematic observations of nature.

Aristotle (384322 B. C.) and his student Theophrastus recorded

many accurate observations from their studies of animals, plants, and rocks; but all the science of the Greeks was so intermixed

with speculation and philosophizing that a great deal of error crept in. At that time the methods of modern science were

entirely unknown, but the scope of the work was so broad that practically all the sciences now trace their origin to the time of

Aristotle.

Later, Alexandria became the center of the Greek world;

here all the learning of the time was centered. Euclid, Hipparchus, and others collected data on astronomy, geometry,

trigonometry, optics, heat, and even anatomy. The greatest

work during this time was done at Syracuse by Archimedes (287

B. C.) who created the science of statics.

The Romans did little for science. Pliny (2379 A. D.) collected all the writings of those who had gone before, but he contributed nothing new. His compilation, however, did much to

preserve the information that had been discovered by earlier scholars.

During the middle ages practically nothing was done in science. The people were so completely bound to authority that

original studies were almost unknown. Aristotle was the universal authority on all branches of science. The story is told

of a heated discussion arising over the number of teeth in the horse's mouth. All the authorities were searched and ponderous

writings submitted on this question that could have been so easily settled by simple observation. The whole attitude of

mind led to a study of authorities who had written on nature rather than to a study of nature itself.

Science in the middle ages was fostered chiefly by the Arabs who believed in the pseudosciences of astrology and alchemy, but they did much to advance algebra and some of the sciences.

By the end of the fourteenth century astrology reached the summit of its popularity. At this time everything that happened

on the earth was attributed to the condition and position of the stars. Disease, weather, crop growth, and even personal fortune

or misfortune were thought to be profoundly, if not completely, dependent on heavenly bodies. Man was in no sense thought to

be master; he was considered to be merely a victim of the stars.

Tradition, belief in authority, and superstitions of the false sciences of astrology and alchemy long and successfully resisted the advance of knowledge. Timehonored ideas, nevertheless,

received a rude shock at the hands of Copernicus (1473), and by 696 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1600, when Giordano Bruno was burned at the stake, the germ of original investigation had been planted. In the next century

perhaps the greatest revolution in thought that has occurred in all history swept the western world. To this many factors contributed: the genius of a few great men like Newton, Galileo,

Harvey, Kepler, Descartes, Bacon, and Leibnitz; the invention

of the telescope and the compound microscope; and the general

awakening of thought by the Renaissance.

Before Galileo only two modern men of science are conspicuous: Copernicus, who studied the movements of heavenly

bodies, and Vesalius (15141564) who overthrew the authority of

Galen and studied at first hand the organization of the human body. Not until the seventeenth century did modern science

gain a secure footing. In 1628 William Harvey, by adding experiment to observation, demonstrated the circulation of the

blood and created a new physiology, and in 1687 Newton published his Principia which established the science of mechanics.

These two contributions were so revolutionary that the earlier ideas of physical and biological science were almost completely upset; and through them a foundation was laid on which the

structure of modern science could be reared.

In the eighteenth century the development of chemistry by

Lavoisier aided by Scheele, Priestly, and others gave to scientists a new and powerful instrument for solving many of the mysteries of nature. In the early part of the nineteenth century

there was almost a complete change in science. The old idea

of the spontaneous origin of life was given up; the methods by

which plants and animals feed and grow were discovered. Science was subdivided with specialists working on each of its

branches.

Then followed a popular interest in science which resulted in the contribution of very much larger sums for research than could previously be obtained. Before this time the scientist was

considered to be out of harmony with the rest of mankind; he

was forced to carry on most of his investigations secretly. As

the century advanced science gradually won a hearing. At first

it was grudgingly tolerated; later its more conservative teachings were made a part of ordinary schooling, and toward the

close of the century it was given a place of equal rank with classical subjects in the college curriculum. Since the middle

of the century the practical service of science to mankind has gradually become so well known that today scientific research is considered to be as much a part of governmental duty as any branch of the public service.

The wisdom of diverting public funds and private endowments to scientific research and instruction will be more fully appreciated by a review of some of the contributions of science

THE WORLD WITHOUT SCIENCE 697

to transportation, communication, medicine, manufacturing, agriculture, household economy, and other branches of human activity.

Probably in no practical phase of man's life have the discoveries of science yielded more farreaching results than in transportation. It is only necessary to compare the old sailing

vessel, the horse car, and the stage coach with the modern steam ship, the electric trolley, the steamdriven train, the automobile, and the flying machine, to realize what the discoveries that made these improvements possible have meant to civilization. It will

be readily seen that the activities of the modern world would be utterly impossible with the old methods of transportation. When

months were required to haul a wagon load of freight across the continent, it is obvious that nothing but the most precious commodities could be thus conveyed.

The casual observer looking at an automobile does not realize that it is made up of many complex parts each one of which probably required a number of stages of development on the part of scientific workers before it was finally completed. The

electric current used in the spark, the workings of the internal combustion engine, the mechanism used in transmission, and the vulcanizing of rubber which made pneumatic tires possible, all demanded years of patient work on the part of scientists.

Closely associated with transportation are the improved methods of communication. Fast mails, the telegraph, the telephone, and the wireless telegraph and telephone, indicate the

service that science has rendered to the communication of intelligence. At present only a few hours are required to learn the

happenings in all parts of the world, while in the days before science discovered the uses of steam and electricity, months were necessary to convey news to the various parts of a country as large as the United States. In the old days business had to be

confined largely to local transactions; today there is no geographical limit to exchange. Formerly the people knew practically nothing beyond local happenings; at present all feel

themselves to be parts of an immense world community.

Human health and well being have been so materially aided by science that a return to the old conditions would arouse a feeling of horror in all who could realize the situation. It has

not been many centuries since practically all bodily ailments were attributed to unfavorable stellar conditions or to evil spirits. The disease was diagnosed by a study of the stars rather

than by an examination of the body.

The germ theory of disease had its origin as late as 1860 and was not thoroughly established until almost 1880. Before this

time medicine was simply groping in the dark. A few specific

treatments were known, but many of these were founded on 698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

false principles. The work of Pasteur on the microorganisms

causing disease, and the application by Lister of the knowledge of these organisms in antiseptic surgery, have probably done more to overcome human suffering than all previous discoveries.

The utter helplessness of man in blindly coping with disease is realized when it is known that in Naples 300,000 people died in five months due to contagion, and in Constantinople 10,000 people died in a single day. As late as 1867, 3.4 per cent of the

women confined in hospitals died, while today the mortality is only.08 of one per cent. Before the days of Pasteur and Lister

about 41 per cent of those having a limb amputated died, while today the percentage has been reduced to about 5. These are

only a few of the many illustrations that could be cited to show how scientific discoveries have helped in the control of disease and in the reduction of the death rate.

In manufacturing of every kind the discoveries of chemistry and physics have wrought such changes that scarcely any of the processes used by our grandparents are in use today. The new

is being replaced by the newer. Electricity taken from the

water fall and transmitted to where it can be best utilized now turns the wheels of machinery once operated by hand. In the

digging and smelting of ore, in the making of iron and steel, and in the converting of these into articles of commerce all the processes have been improved by discoveries of science. Similar improvements have been made in the textile industries, in

fact, every branch of manufacturing is now using science as a basis in production. Through science many luxuries that could

formerly be enjoyed only by the rich are now placed at the disposal of everyone.

Such household conveniences as electric lights, steam heat, modern plumbing, and laborsaving machines have added much to the comforts of home and have given the housewife a greater opportunity to prepare herself for intelligent motherhood.

In agriculture, the oldest of the arts, the transformations due to science are scarcely less marked. From the time of the

ancient Greek, when farm practice was often based on dogmatic traditions, to the present time when the principles underlying agriculture are well understood, the methods employed have changed radically. Practically all of this change has come during the last century since science has been used in solving the

problems of the land.

Before 1840, when Liebig finally demonstrated the methods by which plants obtain their food, soil management was based on erroneous and wasteful ideas. Since that time the advances

in agriculture have been so rapid that volumes would be required to record the discoveries. Every phase of farming has

been improved, until today one man is able to produce as much

THE WORLD WITHOUT SCIENCE 699

as was formerly produced by many. This means that the

products of the farm can be furnished at a more reasonable rate, and also that many of those formerly required to produce the world's supply of farm products are now at liberty to engage in other productive enterprises.

Probably sufficient has been said to show how all the arts and industries of mankind have been profoundly influenced by the work of science. In brief, without the results of science we

should find ourselves in isolated communities, dependent on local production, with no adequate means of transportation or communication, and subject to the ravages of disease. We would

be forced to content ourselves with very few personal conveniences; and, worst of all, our minds would be dominated largely

by superstitious ignorance regarding our surroundings. With

the aid of science man is able to become master of his environment; he may harness the forces of nature and use them to advance his own welfare as well as to make the earth an abiding

place worthy of his Godgiven intelligence. Best of all he is

enabled to obey that part of the first command wherein he was given dominion over the earth and was required to subdue it.

Logan, Utah

Photograph from Underwood and Underwood, New York.

THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION This is one of the first photos of the revolution, showing revolutionary soldiers with red flag bearing the inscription: "Down with the Monarchy;

Long live Democracy; Long live the Republic."

Outlines for Scout Workers

By Delbert W. Parratt, B. S.

Kinglet XVIII—RubyCrowned

Do you ne'er think what wondrous beings these?

Do you ne'er think who made them, and who taught

The dialect they speak, where melodies

Alone are the interpreters of thought? Longfellow.

1. Why is the rubycrowned kinglet so named?

2. Where does it spend the winter? The summer?

3. He is said to be a nervous little fellow. Why?

4. Contrast the male and female kinglet in size, color, and markings

and tell why the differences.

5. Tell of the rubycrowned kinglet's song.

6. Contrast the winter and summer flocking habits of these birds.

7. Tell when, where, and of what the nests are made.

8. How many and of what color are the eggs?

9. Upon what do these birds feed?

10. Should they be protected?- Give at least two reasons for your

answer.

Handy Material I know a nimble little bird, So tiny and so gay, With ruby crown upon his head And back of olive gray;

He flits and twists with no concern,

This lively acrobat.

Now who of you his name discern?

Speak up and tell me that. Guessing Game.

Birds having crest feathers are said to wear crowns and some, for this reason, are referred to as kings. The one, for

example, which catches fish and wears a crest or crown is commonly known as the kingfisher and, likewise, the beautiful crowned flycatchers are usually described as kingbirds. The

OUTLINES FOR SCOUT WORKERS 701

little fellow under consideration has a crown and is, therefore, rightly qualified to bear the royal title, but owing to his diminutive size he is more appropriately called a kinglet. His attractive crown feathers, somewhat concealed, are of rich crimson,

suggestive of a ruby, and in consequence the little king is fittingly dubbed RubyCrowned Kinglet.

This feathered midget frequents most of the United States and Canada. His migratory range is much like that of the

slatecolored junco, but covers a greater area. East of the Rocky

Mountains, he habitually summers in southern Canada and winters southward to the Gulf of Mexico and even to Guatemala.

In the west his migrations are much more limited. While he is

found quite generally throughout the Rocky Mountains, as far north as Alaska, his change from summer to winter homes is in reality not very great. Ordinarily, in these regions, he breeds

in high mountain altitudes where climatic conditions are cool and otherwise favorable. His winters are spent in the lower

valleys and along the sea coast, where storms are less severe and where food may be had in greater quantities. Locally, he

flocks in considerable numbers during warm, midsummer months in the higher, brisking recesses of our Wasatch range, and during winter flits about in brushes and trees of our and other nearby valleys.

During colder months the pert little fellows are seen, singly or in groups of not more than two or three, nervously skipping from limb to limb in such an active manner that it is usually quite difficult to get a satisfactory look at them. However,

patient, "watchful waiting"will nearly always award the interested observer. The little, chattering acrobats will sooner or

later reveal their identity.

As with most other birds, the male kinglet is somewhat larger than the female and his colorings brighter, and markings more pronounced. He measures from four to four and onehalf inches in length and is thus among the smallest birds living

in or visiting our valley. A quiet, grayish olive mantles his

upper parts and blends to a lighter greenish cast on the rump.

This affords a pleasing background for the showy, ruby crownfeathers adorning his pert head. Dusky gray covers both wing

and tail feathers, but this is enlivened by dainty streaks of buff along their edges, and each wing shows two cheering white bars in contrast with this somber gray. A narrow white ring partially encircles each eye and a dirtywhite covers the under parts

of his tiny body.

Females as well as immature males are lacking the characteristic ruby crown. This is a mark of beauty used to win

attentions from coveted females during mating season, and in consequence, of course, has no place upon the less concerned 702 IMPROVEMENT ERA

'iady and boy birds."In addition to showing his usually concealed "hat feathers,"the exuberant male during this anxious

season resorts to song to ingratiate himself into the good graces of his desired female. And what a sweet, modulated song it is!

You wonder how such volume of ringing melody can come from such a tiny throat! "Its exquisite vocalization defies description."

In speaking of this remarkable lark and canarylike little musician, Leander Keyser writes: "Beginning with exceedingly

fine whistle, which could not be heard far away, he descanted in sounds that it is impossible to convey in syllables. The best

literation of his song that I was able to make was the following:

Tse-e-ek, tse-e-ek, tse-e-e-ek, chollycholly-cholly, cheche-che, purtie, purtie, purtie! the purtie accented strongly on the

last syllable, and the whole performance closing with an interrogative inflection."

Thus with resonant song our cheergiving, little friends take leave for cool mountain retreats to engage in the serious duties of building nests and rearing little ones. They are seldom content to remain in altitudes of less than eight thousand feet and

almost never go beyond the upper limits of tree growth. As a

rule, their partly prehensil nests are built at the ends of branches or tops of evergreen trees from ten to thirty feet above ground.

They are neat and compact, made of bark fibers, moss, and the like, and lined with hair or feathers.

The delicate eggs, from five to nine in number, are whitish or buffy and usually spotted with light brown around the larger ends.

It is indeed interesting to watch these busy little kings nimbly peering and prying into nooks and corners of various trees examining for hidden insects, eggs, and larvae. Often one

sees them fluttering, like humming birds, up and down or along limbs minutely scanning in quest of scanty food. According to

the United States Department of Agriculture, these cheery, acrobatic wanderers are of inestimable value to orchardists. In referring to the good accomplished by the rubycrowned kinglet,

a government bulletin issued in 1913 said: "Threefourths of

its food consists of wasps, bugs, and flies. Beetles are the only

other item of importance (12 per cent). The bugs eaten by

the kinglet are mostly small, but, happily, they are the most harmful kinds. Treehoppers, leafhoppers, and jumping plant

lice are pests and often do great harm to trees and smaller plants, while plant lice and scale insects are the worst scourges fact, the prevalence of the latter hasof the fruit grower—in

almost arisen to the magnitude of a national peril. It is these

small and seemingly insignificant birds that most successfully attack and hold in these insidious foes of horticulture."

jimimiiimiiiiiiiii i iiiiiiiiiiiiii Ilillliilllimiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiii nun iiiiiiiiniii mill iiiimmi mniiimmiu

Brigham Young

He was born to be a leader of men.

He knew no rank but the front rank.

Fearlessly he hurled the banner of truth aloft, and blazed a new trail.

With his great faith he did not move mountains, but he crossed mountains which other men had considered impassable.

He founded an empire where men foretold that an ear of corn would not grow.

His feet rested firmly on the earth, and his tread was sure, but ever before his eye was "The Kingdom of God."In his youth he espoused a feeble and despised Cause, but like a valiant soldier he saw that Cause become a mighty power among men.

High honor to his name! Generations may come and

go before we look upon his like again.

Preston Nibley.

fiiiiiiiimiiiimiiiiiii i iiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiinmiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiin:

The Cooperative Plan of Salvation

Individual EffortChrist Alone Cannot Save You—Your

Essential

By James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

We believe that through the Atonement of Christ all mankind may be saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel.

In earlier articles of this series it has been shown that mortality is divinely provided as a means of schooling and test, whereby the spirit offspring of God may develop their powers and demonstrate their characters. Every one of us has been

advanced from the unembodied or preexistent state to our present condition, in which the individual spirit is temporarily united with a body of flesh and bones. Yet this promotion to

the mortal state is regarded by many as a degradation; and we

are prone to bewail the fallen condition of the race as an unmitigated calamity. The Scriptures make clear the glorious

truth that man may rise far above the plane upon which he existed before his birth in the flesh. We have stooped that we

may conquer; we have been permitted to descend only that we

may attain greater heights.

The transgression of our parents in Eden was foreseen, and the Divine plan provided a means of redemption. The Eternal

Father, who is verily the Father of our spirits, well understood the diverse natures and varied capacities of His unembodied children; and it was plain to Him, even from the beginning, that

in the school of mortal life some would succeed while others would fail; some would be faithful and others false; some

would choose the good, others the evil; some would seek

the way of life while others would follow the road to destruction. He foresaw that His commandments would be disobeyed and His law violated; and that men, shut out from His

presence and left to themselves would sink rather than rise, would retrograde rather than advance, and would be lost to the heavens. It was plain to Him that death would enter the world,

and that the possession of bodies by His children would be of brief individual duration.

A Redeemer was chosen, and that even before the foundation of the world. He, the firstborn among all the spirit chilTHE COOPERATIVE PLAN OF SALVATION 705

dren of God, was to come to earth, clothed with the attributes of both Godhood and manhood, to teach men the saving principles of the eternal Gospel and so establish on earth the terms and conditions of salvation. In consummation of His mission,

Christ gave up His life as a voluntary and vicarious sacrifice for the race. Through the Atonement wrought by Him the power of

death has been overcome; for while all men must die, their

resurrection is assured. The effect of Christ's Atonement upon

the race is twofold:

1. The eventual resurrection of all men, whether righteous

or wicked. This constitutes Redemption from the Fall, and,

since the Fall came through individual transgression, in all justice relief therefrom must be made universal and unconditional.

Thus we read:

"Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the

free gift came upon all men unto justification of life"(Romans 5:18).

2. The providing of a means whereby reparation may be

made and forgiveness be obtained for individual sin. This constitutes Salvation, and is made available to all through Obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel.

Between redemption from the power of death and salvation in the Kingdom of Heaven there is a vital difference. Man

alone cannot save himself; Christ alone cannot save him. The

plan of salvation is cooperative. The Atonement effected by

the Lord Jesus Christ has opened the way; it is left to every

man to enter therein and be saved or to turn aside and forfeit salvation. God will force no man either into heaven or into

hell.

Hear the words of an Apostle of old, concerning the righteous judgment of. the Almighty:

"Who will render to every man according to his deeds:

To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honor and immortality, eternal life. But unto them

that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath; Tribulation and anguish, upon

every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile. But glory, honor, and peace, to every man that

icorketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile: For there

is no respect of persons with God?'(Romans 2:6-11).

Jacob, a Nephite prophet, has given us a masterly summary of the results of our Lord's Atonement, both as to the universal redemption from death, and the conditions upon which individual salvation may be obtained:

"For as death hath passed upon all men, to fulfil the merci706 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fill plan of the great Creator, there must needs be a power of resurrection, and the resurrection must needs come unto man by reason of the fall; and the fall came by reason of transgression;

and because man became fallen, they were cut off from the presence of the Lord; Wherefore it must needs be an infinite atonement; save it should be an infinite atonement, this corruption

could not put on incorruption. Wherefore, the first judgment

which came upon man, must needs have remained to an endless duration. * * * And it shall come to pass, that when all

men shall have passed from this first death unto life, insomuch as they have become immortal, they must appear before the judgmentseat of the Holy One of Israel; and then cometh the

judgment, and then must they be judged according to the holy judgment of God. * * * And he sufFereth this, that the

resurrection might pass upon all men, that all might stand before him at the great and judgment day. And he commandeth

all men that they must repent, and be baptized in his name, having perfect faith in the Holy One of Israel, or they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God. And if they will not repent and

believe in his name, and be baptized in his name, and endure to the end, they must be damned; for the Lord God, the Holy One

of Israel, has spoken it"(Book of Mormon, 2 Nephi 9:6, 7,

15, 2224).

', *<*< Wi*'"fc**> I*"!

n*-l

'-fM - I * m \ |! y 1 A \"'w fl mSBmmmmm *i

M. I. A. Officers of Denver, Colorado

Top Row: Willard Call, class leader; Chauncey W. West, chorister;

Angus Mortensen, member special activity committee; Jane W. Herrick,

chairman special activity committee; Anne Snow, class leader, Ina Erickson, organist.

Bottom Row: Joseph C. Call, second counselor; Lester Herrick, secretary; John W. Herrick, president; John L. Herrick, Mission president;

Marie Pitschke, president; Sybil Smith, secretary; Katherine Mortensen,

first counselor; Pauline Christensen, second counslor.

h

The Useful Scout

Words and Music by Lucy M. Green

Firm march time.

A scout is al ways cheerful, and hopeful, and helpful; A

A scout is al ways steady, and read-y for du - ty, To

A scout is al ways moraljthough youthful, he's truthful; A

-{5>- -0- 4-1 l F- H r a 4-?=: l P—P——:t=: t=: f= E3

1—e Lei—0.

scout is ev - er faithful and loy - al to his pledge. He

aid the weak and need - y, To push their load a - long. He

scout is ev - er loyal To coun - try, home and flag. He

-nt:fC"L, tt, J J J P*?: (5ZJe?=

r

does one good turn ev - ery day, Is honest, brave and strong. A

puts his shoulder to the wheel, With earnest zeal and strong. A

loves the Red. the White and Blue, His zeal for truth is strong. A

t=-t—rt 7-$—W P P P t= tzzt==t=: -I—I—

fcTg n mm - ful, and happy all day scout is al - ways use scout is al - ways use - ful, and happy all day scout is al - ways use - ful, and happy all day 'n 4 v - --P-3 &——Ft g- -r- f-i-1 i 1—rPs=Hj—fe—-—#—#—f

Repeat last four measures whistling.

a

Sermonet Character—A

By Robert J. Burdette

"As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he."Proverbs 23:7.

Someone has said, "Character is what a man is in the dark."

What he is without an audience. His reputation may be grandstand play; a safe, senseless slide to second with the ball a quarof dust and thunders of cheers fromter of a mile away—a cloud

people who don't know the game. His character may be the

sacrifice hit that brings him hisses from the same class of peothe team.ple—and advances

What you wish you were, that's your ideal. What people

think you are, that's your reputation. What you know you are,

that's your character. To paraphrase Abraham Lincoln, you

may fool some other people all of the time, but you can't fool yourself one little bit of the time.

Reputation is a variable estimate, depending not upon what people know about you, but upon their guesses, made from what they see of you. "We have lived together for fifty years,"said

the Left Hand, "and I never saw him do one charitable action."

That's reputation. But all the time the generous Right Hand

was the almoner of God, working in loving and secret fellowship with Him. That's character.

You will not drink wine, not even for politeness'sake, and at the table of an esteemed friend, and "our best society"says you are a fanatical, bigoted prohibitionist. You refuse to encourage a vile story with a smile. Some people say you are a

coldblooded hypocrite. You will not permit yourself to laugh

at a funny story, well told, in which all the "laugh"is in its profanity. And folk say you are selfrighteous. And you carry

your Bible in your hand when you walk to Church. And they

say "a canting Pharisee."Yet all the while your character is

that of a sober, pureminded, reverent, Godfearing man—

Christian. Four reputations—all bad, and one character which

outweighs and outlasts the four, going into eternity with you.

won't find the word in your Bible. But Character—you

athere you learn what it is. The Bible isn't a dictionary—it's

Teacher. The primary meaning of the word "character"is an

instrument for marking or graving; commonly, a mark engraved upon a plate of stone or metal; a figure cut deeply into

CHARACTER—A SERMONET 709

a plate of bronze by a chisel of steel. Now you begin to understand what character is?

Something which your daily life cuts deep and deeper into your soul day by day, and marks you, I pray, for one of God's men or women, even a special one among His millions. "To him

that overcometh I will give a white stone, and in the stone [not on it, you will observe] a new name written, which no man knoweth save he that receiveth it."Isn't that glorious? ondrously glorious? That new name, graven by the finger of God,

in exclusive confidence with yourself, deep in the white pebble of your life—that's your character. Not Simon, as men called

you, but Peter by the dear Lord's rechristening. What God

knows you are, and what you know you are. Do you begin

to understand what your character is?

Even the angels may never fully comprehend your true character. John quotes Christ as saying that it is a secret between God and yourself. Maybe God himself doesn't quite

know your new name yet. He is learning it from your daily life.

Are you setting him fair copy for that new name? Every day

you pray the heavenly Father to watch over you and keep you from evil in your actions. Do you pray just as earnestly that he

will watch just as carefully to see what you are thinking, hear what you are whispering, that he will look down into your deepest soul to note what are your secret inclinations? By these

things you are shaping your character, God doesn't make it;

you do.

Character is not builded up, like a house that can be torn down if it be found defective. It is being engraved, day by day,

part of you.deep, deep, deep into your very soul—the immortal

You can't rub it out. Should you try to cut it out, it will leave

a hole that will have to be patched, a wound that may heal, but will heal with a. scar. Character stands. And you can't write

your charcter in the ragged vears of the fagend of a misspent life.

Christ can forgive the sins of a penitent thief on his deathbed. But he can't give him the character of an honest man. He

was a thief all his life, and in death he is just a forgiven thief, a pardoned convict. The record stands. It can't be changed to

show that the convict was never in the penitentiary.

Do you begin to see what a serious, earnest, prayerful lifework it is, the graving of your character?

"As a man thinketh, so he is."What do you think about

when you are alone? How do you act when there is no audience? What manner of creature are you "in the dark"? What

are your thoughts and inclinations when you think God isn't looking? What is your real name? Selected.

Weighed in the Balance

By Charles W. Kingston

Stephen Jensen returned late from town. The night was

dark and cold, the wind piercing, and the snow drifting until the roads were almost impassable. Jensen had been gone three days

and Mrs. Jensen had been much worried about him. There

were the canyon roads and slides to encounter. The day he left

it had been thawing and the snow had slid from the mountain south of the house and piled up on the meadow at the foot of the hill and it was possible that Jensen would encounter just such a slide. So it was with no small feeling of relief that Mrs.

Jensen heard her husband stop the horses just outside that stormy night. "Take the horses and put them up, your father

will be cold after such a ride,"were Mrs. Jensen's first words to

the two older boys and Jensen was soon seated by the warm fire while his good wife busied herself putting his supper on the table.

As Stephen ate his supper he was very thoughtful. His

wife's anxious questions, he would answer in the shortest way possible. His mind was filled with the awe of the storm and the

recent worries of the road. In some places the horses were

unable to follow it and if one of the faithful animals stepped a little too far to the side he would be floundering almost helplessly in the deep. Jensen would have waited for the storm to

pass, but the folks at home were expecting him, so, true to his duty, he had made his way home.

But there was another matter upon Jensen's mind that weighed heavier than the memory of the storm or the road or the difficulties he had encountered in braving them. For that

reason he was loth to have to meet his family and admit to them the truth. Stephen had been married fifteen years, during

which time he and Nellie had lived happily together. They

were the proud parents of six children, four boys and two girls, who were just at that age when they earned little and used much.

The means to support such a family is no small thing. The

question that Stephen so dreaded from his wife came at last. He

had not ventured to tell her for he knew the pain it would send to her heart. "Did you get all the things Steve?"she asked. "I

got the groceries,"he said, "but I did not have money enough to get the other things. "But what will my poor children do

without shoes. They are dressed hardly enough to cover their

WEIGHED IN THE BALANCE 711

bodies. Leo and Frank are wearing gunnysacks inside their

overshoes and the overshoes about gone, too. The little ones

must stay in the house as they have nothing to keep their little feet out of the snow."There was no need for Mrs. Jensen to

remind her husband of these things. He already knew them too

well, but it seemed to relieve her to tell them, so Stephen sat in silence, although it was like pouring hot coals upon him. He

had only said: "I can't help it, my dear; I can't help it."She

then continued, almost wildly: "Can't help it? There isn't another family around here that don't dress their children better

than we do. There's Anderson's who have had no better chance

than we have had, and they have a buggy to go to town and meeting in, besides they don't have to keep their children from

Sunday School and meetings for the want of Sunday clothes, and here we can't hardly keep ours covered for every day, and no shoes."Something in his wife's words had set Stephen to thinking how it was that his neighbor could feed and clothe his family properly on the same amount of land as he had. They had come

to the country together, had bought forty acres each of the same eighty, both were hard workers but for some reason there was a difference, but Steve had never thought of it that way before.

Anderson had just built a new house, kept his family well, and seemed to be prospering, while Jensen's family lived in the same log cabin, and had now reached the time when their income was insufficient to meet their needs. He had one team; and the two

cows that furnished the family with milk were getting old. Jensen had to sell the calves as soon as they were ready for veal,

while neighbor Anderson had kept his calves and was getting quite a herd around him which of course helped the income.

When the boys came in from tending the horses they carried the box of groceries in, and before retiring Mrs. Jensen carefully

took the different articles out of the box and put them away in the cupboard. Among the articles she found two bills and taking them up she saw that one was the itemized bill of the things

that Stephen had brought home, and the other one was neighbor

Anderson's. Stephen had brought a month's supply out for

Anderson also, and left it at his house as he passed. The clerk

a* the grocery had evidently put both bills in Jensen's box by mistake. "What is Anderson's bill doing in our box?"Mrs.

Jensen asked of her husband. "I don't know,"was his reply,

"let me see it."As he remembered from ordering there was

little difference between the two bills of groceries, but since a question had arisen in his mind, and he reached for the bills thinking that they might throw a little light on the subject.

After breakfast the next morning Stephen walked over to neighbor Anderson's. He had slept but little the night previous

712 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for he had thought much over his state of affairs, and before he closed his eyes in sleep, in the early hours of the morning, he decided to have a talk with his old friend, Jim. He did not like

to acknowledge his condition on account of his pride, but as any one could almost read the truth by looking at his children's clothes, he knew that he only would be admitting what was already well known. It was nothing new for him to go over

to Anderson's, especially in the winter, when the work is not so crowding. Jensen found his neighbor in the barn. He greeted

him as usual. It was very hard for Steve to bring himself to

his subject, but after discussing the weather, roads, and other things, he finally said: "Well, Jim, I came this morning on a

very peculiar errand. You and I came to this country together.

We had just married the two girls of our choice and settled here to make a living and a home. I did very well up until the last

year or two in regard to providing a living, but now it seems that I have reached the place where my family is too large or the farm too small, or something. Last time I went to town, I

only had enough to buy what few groceries we needed, and our children are without shoes. Their clothing is insufficient to

keep them warm, and, to tell the truth, we don't know what to do. The farm is still under mortgage and I am afraid that

we are not going to be able to make a go of it unless something unexpected comes up."James Anderson truly sympathized

with Jensen and his family, as a good neighbor should. Steve

continued, "I did not come to ask you for money to help us,

Jim, but I thought that you might be able to tell me why it is that you are prospering and I am not, and if you can, then I consider that you will have done me a greater favor than if you had given me money."

Neighbor Anderson, being touched by his friend's humble confession, and desiring to help him, led the way into the house where he was warmly greeted by Mrs. Anderson and the children

who asked him why he had not brought Nellie and the children with him. To save Stephen any embarrassment James interrupted, "He has come to talk over a little matter, and we would

like a room to ourselves."To which Mrs. Anderson kindly conceded. As he passed the cupboard James took some slips of

paper out which he held in his hand.

Seating themselves in the room, after closing the door, neighbor Anderson commenced very kindly, "Well, Steve, I am so glad that you have come here today. I almost realized your

condition, and would have broached the subject to you if only

I had dared. I was afraid, however, because I thought I might

offend and make an enemy of you, and I felt that we had lived here as neighbors too long to have anything mar our friendship.

Just last night my attention was more closely drawn to this very

WEIGHED IN THE BALANCE 713

subject. You know that you stopped and brought my groceries

in as you passed, and when Mabel was placing them in the cupboard she found the bills for both your groceries and mine in the box, and here they are.""Now, that's strange,"said Steve,

wondering, "both bills were in our box also, but I see now the clerk has put the original bills in with your groceries and in mine the carbon copies. It seems to have been a mistake."

"That part doesn't matter so much,"said James, "but I believe that from a close study of these two bills will be found the reason of my success and your failure. You have worked just as

hard and intelligently as I have, we have planted practically the same crops, from year to year, and I believe the only difference lies in the things that these two bills plainly show. This time

we seemed to have purchased almost the same things and this serves to show the difference more plainly. We will now consider the bills. Mine is as follows:

Flour $ 4.85

Sugar 2.35 Matches 05 Salt 25 Cinnamon 15 Oatmeal 80 Cornmeal.40

Beans 50 Rice 90 Dried fruit 1.20

$11.45 We will now look over your bill which is as follows:

Flour $ 4.85

Matches 20 Baking powder 25 Coffee I...". 1.05

Tea 50 Sugar 2.50 Chewing tobacco 60 Smoking tobacco 1-20 Rolled oats 15 Cornmeal 1-20 Rice I-40 Beans 50...50

$14.90

"It happens that our bills are very much alike this month with the exception of the tobacco, the coffee and the tea, and I believe that these small items have made the difference of which we have spoken."Steve looked surprised but said nothing.

"On your bill you have four boxes of matches to light your 714 IMPROVEMENT ERA

smokes, three pounds of coffee, two pounds of tea, $1.20 for

smoking and sixty cents for chewing tobacco, making a total of $3.45 a month, on your bill that is not on mine. These items

have been there fifteen years. Don't you think that they have

a pretty solid place there when they will even displace shoes and clothing for the children? Three dollars and fortyfive cents

a month is $41.40 a year. Suppose you had kept this amount

to buy things you really needed, and kept some of those calves that you thought you had to sell? We have $41.40 the first year,

the second year we add the same amount, with 10% interest, which gives us the sum of $86.94, at the end of the second year.

If we keep on adding this amount with the interest for fifteen years we will have the sum of $1,331.30. You will realize that

had you saved your calves and colts instead of smoking them up, you would have made more than 10% interest. I do not think

that we would be far off if we say that, had you and your family been observers of the Word of Wisdom you would have been as far on, or farther ahead than me and my family. These things

not only rob your bank account, but they weaken your body and affect your brain. I think that if the German scientist who invented the device to measure the efficiency of men should make

some investigations in regard to tobacco, tea and coffee, he would find that they are almost as harmful as rum in lowering one's powers. "There is also another and more important side to this question, What we have already said has had to do with the temporal, but I believe that the spiritual side is more important still. While it is very true that all people who are users of

these things do not lack the necessities of life because of them, yet we have clearly shown what a needless load they are to carry, and I believe we would be safe in assuming that a large per cent of the children who are poorly clothed and half fed owe this condition to these very things. Now so far as spiritual life is

concerned you cannot use tobacco and advance, you have reached your limit of progress until such a time as you are able to become the master of tobacco. Tobacco, coffee and tea are keeping you and your wife and children away from Sunday School

and meetings. You don't feel that you can dress them fit to

attend these services, and therefore the children are missing the very teachings they so badly need to protect them from temptation and sin. They will build up improper ideals, and I think

I will be safe in saying that they are very apt to marry into the poorest families instead of the best families in the community.

When I say poor I do not refer to dollars and cents, but to ideals. I fail to understand why any woman will sit meekly by

and see her husband smoke and chew away a part of the income, especially at the expense of shoes and clothing, and many times

WEIGHED IN THE BALANCE 715

food for the family, also, at the expense of the lofty ideals that it is every wife's right to demand shall be taught and lived into the lives of her children.

"And for those who can use these things without depriving their families of the necessities of life, would they not be able to make a name for themselves in self sacrifice if they would donate the money where it is needed? What a lot of missionaries it would keep! What a mass of advertising it would do

to get the gospel message before people whom it would bless!

What hospitals it would build, schools, libraries and other great institutions, and in these uses it would be blessing instead of damning the world."

As Stephen Jensen walked toward home, he drew a deep breath, and with his head erect, and his mouth set in determination, he became as a soldier going to battle. He was going home

to set his house in order. When he reached the house, he called

the family together and taking the tobacco, the coffee and the tea out of the places they had occupied for fifteen years, he placed them on the table. "My wife and children,"he said with

emotion, "mother asked me last night why we could not have shoes and clothing and other desirable things like our neighbors have. I pondered and studied on it most of the night, without

knowing why, and did not go to sleep until I had decided to go and see what neighbor Anderson knew about it. He showed and

proved to me beyond a doubt that these are what have deprived u of the things that we now so sorely need; not only that, but

that they are damning us spiritually, because they already have us on the road that leads to destruction. I have decided for my

part to throw them to the winds. First our family has been

token from under the influence of the Church, for want of clothes. For this cause they associate with people of the same

class, and when they become older they are sure to marry men who use tobacco and perhaps rum, because our way of living has placed them in this condition. Now, I want you all to stand

by me in my decision, and let us resolve with a firm determination to turn our backs on these enemies of our race."

It is needless to say that Nellie, the dear wife and her children, supported Stephen in this his firm resolve, and that in that very hour a month's supply of bodyweakening, souldestroying junk was consigned to the flames and that Stephen Jensen and his family started upward and became an influence for good in the community instead of a dead load that held it back.

Idaho Falls, Idaho The Girl who Changed her Mind

By Henry Nicol Adamson

It was at six o'clock each morning that old Penelope appeared in the great, dreary waitingroom of an English railway depot. And what can look more dreary than a depot waitingroom in the early hours, before even the fire has been lighted

to give it a semblance of cheerfulness? But Penelope did not

think it dreary in the least. For one thing, she had no time.

The grate had to be cleaned out and the fire laid. Then the

floor was large, and took some time to go over. And by the time

it was all done, and the firelight glittering on the wet linoleum, to the old woman's eyes it seemed quite a cheerful spot. And it

was her sittingroom for all day, too.

For nine long years she had washed that floor in the early hours, till she knew the exact spots where the pattern had worn off the linoleum, but it was just a year since Nellie Calder, who used to look after the waitingroom during the day, died;

and Penelope had been asked to fill her place for a day or two. She was filling it yet, and probably would fill it till death

claimed her, too.

It was hard work, for she had to hurry home after her cleaning to her English attic room, to get into her rusty black that she might not disgrace her proud position. Then for the rest

of the day the world was bounded for her by the smokeblack- ened wall of the great depot. But then, what a world it was!

Penelope's old head was full of stories she had seen or heard, or imagined, about the people who passed through. And since the

war began the great depot had become quite thrilling. What

partings Penelope had seen, and what meetings, too!

"What a frightfully dull life you must have here, you poor old creature!"a lady remarked one day, looking at the wrinkled

old woman out of a soft nest of black fur. She wore a black

fur hat, and a black fur stole, and a black fur jacket; and on

her knee was a huge granny muff; and Penelope admired her

immensely. "Would you mind poking the fire for me and putting on more coal? I should die if I had to remain in this dreadful

place."Penelope gazed at her in genuine amazement. She always

was amazed when people pitied her.

"It may seem dreadful to you, ma'am, but not to me,"she

THE GIRL WHO CHANGED HER MIND 717

said mildly. "It's nice to have a fire to sit by, and people are

getting to know me, and it's 'Good morning, Penelope!'and

'How are you today?'So it's never lonesome. And there's weddings, and there's funerals to be seen going through here. And

the brave lads in khaki going away so proud! Yes, it's like one

big story book. Not that I've read much out of books, ma'am.

There wasn't much learning in my young days in England. But

there's many a story outside of books."

The lady stared at this queer old creature who actually seemed quite contented with her lot.

A little, elderly gentleman appeared just then with the intelligence that time was up.

"I do hope your poor feet are warmer now, my love?"he

said solicitously. "I have spoken very severely to the guard

about the poor heating of the train."

"Thanks!"the lady said languidly, rising. And without

another look or thought for the old woman, followed the gentleman to the platform.

"Might be her grandfather for age, but much too fussy,"old

Penelope decided shrewdly. "Rich old husband,"and she went

to the door of her waitingroom to watch the couple to their carriage. She saw the girl establish herself, while her husband

wrapped a rug about her knees. Then she saw the old gentleman run to the bookstall at the last minute for some special

the imminent risk ofpaper for which his wife had asked—at

the latter was moving when thelosing his life or the train—for

angry guard pushed him in and closed the door.

And Penelope went back to her place by the fire and the khaki stockings she was knitting, shaking her head over the ways of the rich. "There's them that never thinks they have enough,

and she's one of them,"she decided. "And the more he gives

her, the more she'll want."And Penelope had, without knowing

it, struck at the root of a lot of the unhappiness of the world.

It was about half an hour later that same afternoon that

Penelope sat in the gathering twilight, her stocking in her lap, it.a rather thin and ugly cat purring contentedly on top of

Penelope was nodding. She nodded at this special time

every afternoon, because there was a slackening of trains just then, and in the coveredin depot it grew very dark before the dark to knit. So this was the cat's halflights were put on—too

hour, and puss knew it as well as she did. She was nodding, and

dreaming that she was gathering flowers on the hillside by the cottage where she had been a child, and that she heard the rush just a train letting off steam inof the hill waterfall—it was

reality—when the door opened and a girl entered, and drawing

a chair toward the fire roused Penelope to real life again.

"Oh, my dear! I'm afraid I was asleep!"she said apolo718 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I was a child again in getically. I was having a fine dream—that

the country. Not that I'd like to have life all to go over again;

for I've buried my father and my mother, my husband and my children. But I've little to complain of—for there were no quarrels among us to speak of, and I've been provided for most wonderful. There's ups and downs in life, but take it all in all, it's

good.""Do you mean to tell me,"the girl said in a sharp, fretful voice, "that you think life worth living? I don't see how you

can!"and she cast a disparaging glance round the waitingroom.

"Aren't we allowed any lights in here?"she added impatiently. "I can't even read!"

Penelope stirred the fire slightly, so that a flickering flame showed her the girl's but for the frown on the face—pretty,

brow, and the discontent of eyes and lips. "We're not lit up

for half an hour yet, and not much even then for fear of the

Zeppelins!"she said apologetically. And then she went on

talking, partly to pass the time, and partly because she liked to talk. "You see, it's this way, miss,"she said, stroking the cat.

"Looking back, I sometimes wonder how I got through. But at

the time it wasn't so bad, for there was always something to do for those who were ill, and when they were gone—there were

things to do for those that were left alive. And if you do the

thing you've got to do at the time, it usually comes out right.

However, that's what I've found, miss. Same as the war. We'd

just got to go in, and ain't it turning out all right?

"I remember once, when I was a young thing, being sorely tempted to leave my old mother, who was bedridden, and go to the large cities. Other girls done so, and saw a bit of the world.

Why shouldn't I? And I got cross and restless, and made up

my mind to go. I was to go on the Tuesday. But on the Sunday

previous the old minister preached about doing the duty that lay to your hand—about people who turned their backs upon

the duties they had, and went out to look for others; and so lost

their blessing—the blessing of peace. He said these people just

got more and more discontented. They never found what they

wanted, because they started wrong.

"I didn't go away. It seemed to me, miss, that God had

sent me a message, as he used to do to people in the Bible. So

I stayed at home and looked after my old mother to the end.

And then I married, and attended to the wants of my husband and children. And I never forgot that sermon, and never will

it's helped me all through life. I've always just done the—for

duty that came, and you'd wonder how simple it's made things.

"And now I'm all by myself. But I've got my work to do;

and when I dose by the fire I'm young again at times. And

THE GIRL WHO CHANGED HER MIND 719

sometimes my children are with me. I'm not crying, miss, don't

think it!"Penelope added, passing the back of her hand

over her eyes. "But you've set me talking. I've nothing to cry

about, for I've plenty of work, and people are very kind to me.

Then there are the cats that all know and like Penelope. And

the soldiers have all a kind word in the passing, bless them."

The cat purred loudly, and the old woman smiled with pride.

"Hark to it!"she said. "I do believe it knows what I'm saying.

Yes, I've a lot to be thankful for—a peaceful and contented

mind."listened, a change The girl had sat listening—and as she

discontent which had utterlycame over her face—the frown and

as if a cloud had passedmarried it melted away—it was

from the sky, leaving the beautiful blue.

"If that's your train, miss, you've hardly time to get it, for it just stops for a minute!"Penelope remarked as a train came

up with a rush and a roar.

The girl rose to her feet, and stood hesitating for a moment.

"Thanks,"she said, then in a low voice, "I don't think I shall go by it after all. Good night!"

Penelope looked after her with a puzzled expression. She

had noticed the changed countenance, but she could not account for it.

It was a year later, and a very frosty morning, and Penelope was at her place the same as ever. It was still the same hat and

the same dress, but they never seemed to grow any older, any more than Penelope herself did. Perhaps they had reached a

stage when it was impossible to grow older. Cold as it was,

Penelope, looked wonderfully cheerful. There is something

exhilarating about very frosty weathy, she found. It seemed

to sting people to fresh who, as a rule would have life—people,

stood listlessly about, stamped and blew, and flapped their arms.

And the school children always brought a positive rush of life and cold into the waitingroom with them, and she had hard work to prevent them from ruining their shoes for ever by placing them on the bars of the grate, not to speak of poking the fire with their toes.

"The which is sure ruination, my dears!"as she remarked

to them. They laughed at her gaily. What was the ruination

of shoes to them? They were rather fond of getting new ones.

Penelope herself found the intense cold rather trying, for she had no extra wraps; but she liked to see other people enjoying

the best, and if her back was kept cold by the draughts from the opening and shutting doors, she could always keep her feet warm which was more than a lot of poor creatures could do.

720 IMPROVEMENT ERA

More than the soldiers could do, poor fellows, in their wet trenches.

She had just sent the riotous children off to the train that was to bear them to school, and had retired gladly to her fire again, when the door opened and someone came quickly across the floor. girl with fair hair framing It was a girl dressed in black—a

face at once peaceful and happy. Penelope re-a fair face—a

garded her with pleasure and admiration. There were all different kinds of faces, and different kinds of prettiness she had

discovered since she became the guardian of the waitingroom.

There was beauty of complexion and feature, that after all turned out not to be beauty at all, because there was no happiness nor sweetness to light it. But this girl had what old Penelope felt to be real beauty. "Good morning, ma'am. Fine

seasonable weather!"she said cheerfully.

Sudden tears dimmed the blue eyes of the girl, who had been regarding her steadily.

"Oh, you're just perished with cold, I can see that!"she

said impulsively. "You should have warm mitts and a warm

shawl, and you shall, too. But you'd never dream of complainit taught me a lessoning, I know that. I ought to know—for

the lesson I have come back this morning to thank you for.

Don't you recognize me?"

She stood before the fireplace and looked down at the old woman.

Penelope peered up at her—then shook her head.

"I seem somehow to know your face,"she said apologetically. "And yet I don't; and I'm not one, remember, that forgets

I do see a lot."—though "Do you remember,"the other said—"a year ago now—one

story of how you grewafternoon telling a girl your story—the

discontented, and were going to leave your old mother, but for a sermon that stopped you, and gave you something to cling to through life—a rule to go by? Do you remember now?"

"Yes, I do remember,"Penelope said after a moment's thought. "I remember the girl seemed discontented and unhappy, and I'd have liked to help her if I could, but there's

nothing the like of me can do."

"Well, you just did everything,"the girl said in a low voice. "Listen, and I will tell you what you did. I am that

gjrl—what you made of her."And she smiled, though tears still

glistened in her eyes.

"That afternoon,"she went on, seating herself before the fire, and looking into it as if seeing in its red heart the picture she drew. "I had turned my back upon my home

upon duties that I found I thought quite irksome—and that

THE GIRL WHO CHANGED HER MIND 721

unworthy of the talents I imagined myself to have. I had a

fragile old mother who needed a good deal of attention; an old

father, often fretful, trying, and exacting. It was ridiculous

that I should stay at home there wasting my talent for nursing upon them, when I might go and be a real nurse. I told myself

it was my duty to go and nurse the soldiers. There was a cry

for nurses, and it would be so dull, like the interesting—not

nursing I had to do! I wanted to help my country, to do something for our brave boys!

"That was what I said to myself. What I really wanted

was work with a little more excitement, a little more show about it. I didn't want the duties to my hand. I wanted to go

out and look for duties for myself. My father and mother had

a small income. They had a roof over their heads, and a little

maid to do the work for them. What more could they want?

What right had they to expect me to remain at home attending to up with all their little ways? It was ridicuthem—putting

lous! I was not needed, and I was not appreciated there. I

would go where I would be! The soldiers seemed always so

cheerful! It would be a pleasure to work for them!"

"Yes, yes!"old Penelope put in, "I know the feeling."

"I had a friend in a hospital, and she told me of a vacancy as probationer. I was on my way to see about it that afternoon

a year ago,"the girl went on. "If I'd gone I would have been

accepted, for the matron was a friend of my friend, and was keeping the position open for me. Besides, of course, they re-

I didn't go. Youquire a lot of nurses just now. But—but

spoke of that old minister's sermon seeming like God's message to you. Your words were God's message to me. I had the sense

as I recognize listen, and to go back—foolish was—to that—to

I wentto the duty that had been given to me. And—Penelope,

back to it in a different spirit. I looked on everything with

different eyes. For the first time I saw how really helpless and

the first time the sight smotedependent my old mother was—for

my heart, and I remembered her—strong and vigorous—always

of herself. Andattending to our wants—and never thinking

then my old father. I began to understand that he was fretful

because he could no longer help.

"That night, with my arms about my mother, I confessed all the selfish wickedness that had been in my heart; and then I

started afresh. I started with love and understanding to help

me. You had removed the scales from my eyes, and I saw aright

now. I found that I was needed every minute of the day. Both

my mother and father grew feebler, and they looked to me for feel thateverything; and it was a joy to me to serve them—to

I was indeed needed. Others less tied could nurse the soldiers

place. My Red Cross was here.—no one could have taken my

722 IMPROVEMENT ERA "As my mother was dying she smiled at me and said—'You

haven't found your burden so heavy after all, my girl. I scarcely

think you've found me a burden this last while!'

"My father died within a few days. He was quite unable to

live without my mother; and then my hands were empty. The

duties which I had thought so irksome a short time before were taken from me, and I felt lost."

"Poor child, poor child!"Penelope put in, wiping a tear

from her eyes.

then,"the girl went on, in a low voice, "And then—and

"came the reward I scarcely deserved, and which I would have lost for ever if I had gone my own selfish way. The doctor who

bad been attending my father and mother had given me his heart. He said he could not help loving me, seeing me so loving

duties now. They have come toand devoted. So—I have new

my hand, Penelope, and I felt that I must come back and tell you that the message which God sent to you, you have handed on that theto me. And I, in my turn, will hand it on to others—so

good that you have done will never die."

dreamt—"Oh, ma'am!"old Penelope said tremulously. "I never

"No, of course not,"the girl said, with a sweet smile. "We

often sow a seed without knowing what will spring from it. I

dare say you have sown many seeds here, Penelope."

And she stooped hurriedly and kissed the old woman's wrinkled before the door of the waitingroom cheek—just

opened, and a stream of chilly travelers came in.

The New Presidency of Box Elder Stake.

These brethren were sustained and set apart as the Presidency of the

Box Elder Stake of Zion, on March 18, 1917, at the regular quarterly conference: S. Norman Lee, president; Victor E. Madsen, first, and Joseph N.

Stohl, second counselor, all of Brigham City, Utah.

Moral Education of the Adolescent

By Newel K. Young

X—The One Essential Method

There is just one vital and essential method in education.

inIt is the contagion of influence and character—the impelling

fluence of one personality upon another. The great Teacher

said to his followers, "Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the

salt have lost his savor, wherewith shall it be salted?"

President King well says:

"But the one final method back of all subsidiary methods is the contact of life with life. Ultimately the one indispensable thing is a man of character and judgment, and the honest response of honest souls to such a soul.

Granted that, the most faulty methods cannot wholly fail. Lacking that, the

most scientific pedagogy will not suffice. The method of contagion of the

good life is the inevitable method. Finally we are shut up to that."*1

Hear these prophetic words of Frank Cramer as a witness to the same truth:

"There is a latent moral power in our half million common school teachers that we have hardly tested yet. When they become fully conscious

of it themselves, they will be the American prophets of morality. Even

when we are fully agreed on what moral training should be given, we have only stated the problem. The solution depends upon the moral quality of

the teacher. Earth's greatest religion was made so by the example of its

founder. At the end of its long, historical vista stands his great personality and dissolves all moral questions into a personal relation. * * * *

Moral enthusiasm is the leaven of the school as well as of society. Children

are the first to recognize both disinterested service and its opposite. A

teacher who has her hat and gloves on when the dismissal bell rings cannot give moral training."

While Prof. Starbuck has this to say:

"Thus it is that every thing that is going on in the life of a teacher, which finds its expression in the quality of her personality is filtering and seeping into the lives of her pupils. She can in reality hide nothing.

Whatever she is in the depths of her life is forming a part of the atmosphere of the school, and this atmosphere is in turn forming unconsciously the lives of her pupils, in the same way that the air, sunshine, moisture and elements of the soil are feeding the life of the plant.

"Thus it is becoming to be demonstrably true that out of the heart are the issues of life. There is nothing more pervasive than character.

aH. C. King, Religion as Life, p. 62.

*Frank Cramer, Moral Training in Public Schools, p. 161.

724 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Morality is as catching as wild fire; it is as contagious as disease, or as sin.

it at itsWe know all this, after a fashion, but shall not have appreciated full worth until the best, maturest, and largest spirited men and women are secured and retained in the teaching profession.

"It is impossible for a teacher to teach what she hasn't got down deep within her heart. It is as impossible for her to have a devout nature and

keep it hidden beneath the routine of the school day as it is to pollute a spring of pure water, or quench a fire by throwing fagots upon it."<;

We must constantly be conscious, fellow teachers, that by the appointment of our calling we are put in the company of of the world'ssages, prophets, and seers—we become comrades

great ones, the teachers and leaders, with Jesus as the Captain of the host.

XI—Our High Callings

Both as parents and teachers we must keep ourselves so pure in heart that we may have true visions of God and his glory.

This will enable us to see in each child that he is the offspring of God; thus, seeing the streaks of divine gold in his nature in

the midst of the common dust of human weakness, we will be able to appeal to the good, thereby winning him to the best.

We must feel deeply the Savior's estimate of the worth of the child. He sets each child above the whole material world.

Let us gird ourselves for the crises through which we are passing. And though the fight be a hard one, even a fight to the

death, let us rejoice in our opportunities to help redeem the world. We must feel deeply the poet's conviction when he said

"We are living, we are dwelling

In a grand and awful time;

In an age on ages telling;

To be living is sublime."

Let us realize "that the worth of a man is determined by what comes out*****of him. by theThereserviceare hethoserenders,who conceiverather thanthatbyculture—ifwhat entersit in.is more* *than veneer—is a refinement that can be obtained only by direct participation in social life. Such contact with the world may bring embarrassment,

temptation, and failure, as well as their opposites; but all of these, instead

of debasing, are the very experiences which purify and make gentle; they

are the fire without which the refining process could not take place. Culture

means to these people the ennobling effect of such actual struggle upon a person's whole outlook on life, and upon his way in general of conducting himself; and the cultured man is pictured by them as in action, even with

his sleeves rolled up, engaged in the accomplishment of high purposes."**

In spite of our poor pay and uncertain length of service, and overwork, let us feel that if we are fit at all for our high calling,

<E. D. Starbuck, Moral Training in Public Schools, pp. 97, 98.

rfFrank M. McMurry, How to Study, pp. 198202.

MORAL EDUCATION OF THE ADOLESCENT 725

that our worth cannot be measured in money, one's salaries cannot be his reward, if so he is not worth even the little he gets.

We are paid for our time that we may live; not for our service

or worth. For our reward we must look among the spiritual and

eternal blessings of our calling; and the reward is ample and

certain if the service be true and loving.

Henry Suzzallo says:

"The teacher is, in short, a minister to the intellectual, moral, and spiritual crises of childhood."*

"Oh, it is great to be a teacher. It is wonderful to be a teacher. A

true teacher can never grow old. A true teacher can never die except the

drath be within. Think what it means! Your whole life is spent with

Youth: aggressive, progressive, suggestive Youth. Think what it means to

throw your greatness around their incompleteness, round their restlessness, your rest! It is a divine privilege7 to be a teacher! A perpetual benediction of Youth to be a teacher!"/

XII—Religion in the Schools

By wise provision our country has ruled that religious doctrines cannot be taught in the schools. I agree with this provision and heartily support it. Yet we must recognize that the

necessity for this ruling is fraught with grave danger. Every

attempt in the world's history to keep a people morally upright without religious motives and convictions has met with failure and ruin. Many of our educators see this danger. Prof. Hall

says: that belief in immortality and in God during the latter

period of youth gives stronger and better training to the will than any other belief or instruction can do. He says that even

if we should find that that belief was false we should still have to teach God and a future life as the only means of making a righteous people. Of course, I take it that the only thing that

gives this belief power over the hearts of men is that it is true.

He further says that the schools to be successful must keep the young from crime.

Prof. Thompson says this:

"I am disposed to believe, therefore, and because I believe I therefore declare, that the nation at large will nevr lose its moral quality until it loses its vision of God. This vision will interpret all of human beauty, and

measure all bonds of obligation."

The above words were spoken at one of the sessions of our

N. E. A., in 1914. During one of the sessions of the meeting of

the superintendents of the N. E. A., in 1913, Supt. Schaeffer, one

<"Henry Suzzallo, N. E. A. Proceedings, 1913, p. 368.

/F. E. Raymond, N. E. A. Proceedings, 1913, p. 626.

Thompson, N. E. A. Proceedings, 1914, pp. 110. 111.

726 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the great and venerable educators of our land, spoke these words

"Occasionally I find a high school teacher who delights to poke fun at the religious faith of his pupils, or the pupil's parents. A worse service

no teacher can render. Destroy faith in things unseen and eternal and

you have robbed the people of the strongest support in the midst of the trials and disappointments and sorrows of this life. When you stand at the

open grave that is to swallow and close over the remains of a departed child, or friend, faith and heavenly recognition means more than all the bushels of corn which can be raised in the Mississippi valley.

"There is a higher life of thought, faith, hope, and love, which can be promoted or destroyed by the teacher and his teaching, a life which turns on the unmeasurable and the immeasurable in teachers and teaching, and which in the end must determine whether failure or success shall be written over the doors of our public schools."'1

While I agree that no man should be allowed to teach the tenets of his own faith or creed, I protest against the partial way in which this ruling is carried out. While men of faith, whose

words are words of life, are bridled and their mouths are closed against the great immortal hopes of Christian faith, there is one creed, the advocates of which are permitted free rein to prate their wares in our schools from ocean to ocean. These people

preach their doctrines in all the schools from the kindergarten to the university without check or hindrance. Yet the words

kill the "migthy hopesthey teach are words of death—for they

that make us men."They resent the declaration that their

opinions form a creed, but I declare them to be the narrowest of all the sects, and the shallowest and cheapest, too. I take it

that you are all ready to name this creed without my needing to do so. I refer to the "free thinkers,"the skeptics of the land.

By freedom to think they mean freedom for all men to think as they do. All others they meet with boastful mockery and ridicule. Yet to the young and thoughtless they appeal with pretty

phrases about independence and freedom with a power that is especially dangerous to the boy of high school age. For the

immature mind fails to see that their pretense of freedom and independence is a shallow mockery; that while they chatter

about breadth of view and freedom of life they are the narrowest of all the sects, and the slaves of folly and doubt. While they

claim to believe only that which may be demonstrated they are really the blindest followers of the blind; that while they sneer

at the religious man as a bigot their very attitude of boastful ridicule at the faith of another brands them as the greatest bigots of all. Should freedom of belief mean the right to believe little or much? In the name of the Christian fathers and

mothers of this glorious land of America, and especially of those

>>Supt. Nathan C. Schaeffer, N. E. A. Proceedings, pp. 171, 172.

MORAL EDUCATION OF THE ADOLESCENT 727

of our mountain valleys here, I protest against the freedom that these fellows enjoy to destroy the very life and hope of life of the young. If we close the mouth of the man of faith, I insist

that we must gag the skeptic and the doubter. Whether or not

the manhood and womanhood of the nation shall be preserved in purity and strength depends much upon our staying the hand and stopping the mouth of this fellow who goes about sowing the seeds of sin and death in our schools. It is time that we

speak out loud about this vital matter.

XIII—Conclusion.

In conclusion I suggest an affirmative answer to the following as fitting tests for high school and college students before graduation: "Have you any visions of your own? Have you

moral and spiritual insight that mean anything to you? Have

you Godgiven convictions wrought into the very fibre of your own life? Have you any message that is yours and that you

feel you must utter? Have you any indignations and enthusiasms that shake you to the center of your being?"Do you feel

that you were sent into the world, divinely called to do your life's work? Do you realize that "great achievement is possible

only to him who goes to his daily work feeling that he is divinely called to it?"

Let us impress each child with the fact that he is to live his own life. That he has an individuality to develop that is different from every other life that has been or will be in the world.

He has a flavor, a message to give, and a work to do that are peculiarly his own. Make him feel that he is born to be big,

great and good. Help him to see that he is endangered hourly

by the temptation of the good as it calls for him to stay in the valley below, the valley of the good, when he should be struggling toward the mountain peaks above—living on the heights

of the best.

Let us face each day's work with faith and love and courage that knows no failure and admits no defeat. We must go to

each day's work in whatever little nitch or corner we are called to labor in the spirit with which the little woman who had left a home of culture, comfort, and all that gladdens the heart, faced each day in her little homestead shanty in North Dakota. She

had the heart, in writing back home to her mother and sisters, to pen these lines:

"And I the priestess? Ah, I would

The gifts and grace were mine To be the priestess that I should

In a house thirteen by nine."

(The End) Kirtland Nauvoo St. George

Zion's Temples

A seer, a prophesying man, First led the way and marked the plan;

The Kirtland House of Prayer and Glory

Unfolds our realistic story.

Upreared by zealous workers true,

The next appears in fair Nauvoo,

A crowning joy 'midst tribulation

Enroute for westward immigration.

Across the miles of desert sand,

In southern Utah's Dixieland, Is temple of St. George, in token

Of truthful word by prophet spoken.

Upon a green, imposing height,

Is Logan temple, pleasing site,

A joygift to each sister, brother,

As day by day they greet each other.

The Manti temple next we see, A proof of sweet fidelity, In suitable, inspired location,

For frequent saintly visitation.

Logan Manti Salt Lake City

ZION'S TEMPLES 729

The patient work of forty years,

A granite structure now appears,

And all around are flowers pretty

In templecrowned fair Salt Lake City.

Upon a snowwhite winterland, The Cardston temple, stately, grand,

Now thrills the North with expectation

Shall one day ask for dedication.

Upon a balmy summer Isle Enwreathed with skyblue ocean's smile,

E'en now a temple sheds its glory

On fair Hawaii's territory.

And thus in Zion's watches fair,

The temple spires point high in air,

The spires of hope and love fulfiling

Life's deathless promise joyinstiling.

Remembering the millions who Have lived and passed from mortal view;

To each of these a boon is given,

Bestowed on earth, received in heaven.

Here chosen soulmates come to bind

In holy wedlock, mind to mind;

Exalted to a joy supernal In Godmade covenant eternal.

temples holy! Temples fair

Your gleaming spires lift high in air,

While faith is true and hearts are willing,

Life's deathless promises fulfiling.

Minnie Iverson Hodapp

Canada Hawaii

The United States and France An Eloquent Oration Delivered in the Senate Chamber of the

United States on May 1, 1917

By M. Rene Viviani, French VicePremier, and Head of the Visiting

Commissioners

I have been granted the Mr. President and Senators:—Since

supreme honor of speaking before the representatives of the

American people, may I ask them first to allow me to thank this magnificent Capital for the welcome it has accorded us? Accustomed as we are in our own free land to popular manifestations, and though we had been warned by your fellow countrymen who live in Paris of the enthusiasm burning in your hearts,

we are still full of the emotion raised by the sights that awaited us. I shall never cease to see the proud and stalwart men who

saluted our passage; your women, whose grace adds fresh beauty

to your city, their arms outstretched, full of flowers; and your

children hurrying to meet us as if our coming were looked upon as a lesson for them, all with one accord acclaiming in our perishable persons immortal France. And I predict there will be a

yet grander manifestation on the day when your illustrious

President, relieved from the burden of power, will come among us bearing the salute of the Republic of the United States to a free Europe, whose foundations from end to end shall be based on right. It is with unspeakable emotion that we crossed the

threshold of this legislative palace, where prudence and boldness meet, and that I for the first time in the annals of America, though a foreigner, speak in this Hall which only a few days since resounded with the words of virile force. You have set all

the democracies of the world the most magnificent example. So

soon as the common peril was made manifest to you, with simplicity and within a few short days, you voted a formidable war credit and proclaimed that a formidable army was to be raised.

President Wilson's commentary on his acts, which you made vours, remains in the history of free peoples the weightiest of lessons. Doubtless you were resolved to avenge the insults offered your flag, which the whole world respected; doubtless

through the thickness of these massive walls the mournful cry of all the victims that criminal hands hurled into the depths of the sea has reached and stirred your souls, but it will be your honor in history that you also heard the cry of humanity and invoked against autocracy the rights of democracies. And I can only

THE UNITED STATES AND FRANCE 731

wonder as I speak what, if they still have any power to think, are the thoughts of the autocrats who three years ago against us, three months ago against you, unchained this conflict.

Ah! doubtless they said among themselves that a democracy

is an ideal government, that it showers reforms on mankind, that it can in the domain of labor quicken all economic activities. And yet now we see the French Republic fighting in defense of its territory and the liberty of nations and opposing to

the avalanche let loose by Prussian militarism the union of all its children who are still capable of striking many a weighty blow. And now we see England, far removed like you from

conscription, who has also, by virtue of a discipline all accept, raised from her soil millions of fighting men. And we see other

nations accomplishing the same act; and that liberty not only

inflames all hearts but coordinates and brings into being all needed efforts. And now we see all America rise and sharpen

her weapons in the midst of peace for the common struggle. Together we will carry on that struggle, and when by force we have

at last imposed military victory, our labors will not be concluded. Our task will be, I quote the noble words of President

Wilson, to organize the society of nations. I well know that our

enemies, who have never seen before them anything but horizons of carnage, will never cease to jeer at so noble a design.

Such has always been the fate of great ideas at their birth; and

if thinkers and men of action had allowed themselves to be discouraged by skeptics mankind would still be in its infancv, and we should still be slaves. After material victory we will win this

moral victorv. We will shatter the ponderous sword of militarism; we will establish guaranties for peace: and then we can

disappear from the world's stace, since we shall leave at the cost of our common immolation the noblest heritage future generations can possess.

Light, Life, Love

The voice of Omnipotence called into night,

And back came the echo, "Let there be Light;"

Then the sun and the moon and the starts lent their rays,

And radiant Earth appeared in the blaze.

Again called the Voice, and the elements rife

Sent back the echo, "Let there be Life;"

Then the air and the sea and the germwaiting earth

Teemed with the fruitage of primitive birth.

A Voice low and tender went out from above,

And sweet rolled the echo, "Let there be Love;"

Then thought and emotion joyously sped

To the altar where Justice and Mercy were wed.

George H. Brimhall.

An Appeal for Service

A Proclamation to the People of the United States Issued April 15, 1917

By President Woodrow Wilson My Fellow Countrymen:—The entrance of our own beloved country

into the grim and terrible war for democracy and human rights which has shaken the world creates so many problems of national life and action which call for immediate consideration and settlement that I hope you will permit me to address to you a few words of earnest counsel and appeal with regard to them.

We are rapidly putting our navy upon an effective war footing, and are about to create and equip a great army, but these are the simplest parts of the great task to which we have addressed ourselves. There is not

a single selfish element, so far as I can see, in the cause we are fighting for. We are fighting for what we believe and wish to be the rights of mankind and for the future peace and security of the world. To do this great

thing worthily and successfully we must devote ourselves to the service without regard to profit or material advantage and with an energy and intelligence that will rise to the level of the enterprise itself. We must realize

to the full how great the task is and how many things, how many kinds and elements of capacity and service and selfsacrifice it involves.

These, then, are the things we must do and do well, besides fighting the things without which mere fighting wfuld be fruitless.

We must supply abundant food for ourselves and for our armies and our seamen, not only, but also, for a large part of the nations with whom we have now made common cause, in whose support and by whose sides we shall be fighting.

We must supply ships by the hundreds out of our shipyards to carry to the other side of the sea, submarines or no submarines, what will every day be needed there and abundant materials out of our fields and our mines and our factories with which not only to clothe and equip our own forces on land and sea, but also to clothe and support our people for whom the gallant fellows under arms can no longer work; to help to clothe

and equip the armies with which we are cooperating in Europe and to keep the looms and manufactories there in raw materials: coal to keep the fires

going in ships at sea and in the furnaces of hundreds of factories across the sea: steel out of which to make arms and ammunition both here and

there: rails for worn out railways back of the fighting fronts: locomotives

and rolling stock to take the place of those every day going to pieces:

mules, horses, cattle for labor and for military service: everything with

which the people of England and France and Italy and Russia have usually supplied themselves, but cannot now afford the men, the materials or the machinery to make.

It is evident to every thinking man that our industries, on the farms, in the shipyards, in the mines, in the factories, must be made more prolific and more efficient than ever, and that they must be more economically managed and better adapted to the particular requirements of our task than they have been; and what I want to say is that the men and the women

who devote their thought and their energy to these things will be serving the country and conducting the fight for peace and freedom just as truly

AN APPEAL FOR SERVICE 733

and just as effectively as the men on the battlefield or in the trenches. The

industrial forces of the country, men and women alike, will be a great national, a great international service army—a notable and honored host

engaged in the service of the nation and the world, the efficient friends and saviors of free men everywhere. Thousands, nay, hundreds of thousands, of

men otherwise liable to military service will of right and of necessity be excused from that service and assigned to the fundamental, sustaining work of the fields and factories, and mines, and they will be as much part of the great patriotic forces of the nation as the men under fire.

I take the liberty, therefore, of addressing this word to the farmers of the country and to all who work on the farms: The supreme need of our

own nation and of the nations with which we are cooperating is an abundance of supplies, and especially of foodstuffs. The importance of an

adequate food supply, especially for the present year, is superlative. Without abundant food, alike for the armies and the peoples now at war, the

whole great enterprise upon which we have embarked will break down and fail. The world's food reserves are low. Not only during the present

emergency, but for some time after peace shall have come, both our own people and a large proportion of the people of Europe must rely upon the harvests in America.

Upon the farmers of this country, therefore, in large measure rests the fate of the war and the fate of the na.ions. May the nation not count

upon them to omit no step that will increase the production of their land or that will bring about the most effectual cooperation in the sale and distribution of their products? The time is short. It is of the most imperative

importance that everything possible be done, and done immediately, to make sure of large harvests. I call upon young men and old alike and upon

the ablebodied boys of the land to accept and act upon this duty—to turn

in hosts to the farms and make certain that no pains and no labor is lacking in this great matter.

I particularly appeal to the farmers of the South to plant abundant foodstuffs, as well as cotton. They can show their patriotism in no better or

more convincing way than by resisting the great temptation of the present price of cotton and helping, helping upon a great scale, to feed the nation and the peoples everywhere who are fighting for their liberties and for our own. The variety of their crops will be the visible measure of their comprehension of their national duty.

The Government of the United States and the governments of the several states stand ready to cooperate. They will do everything posisble to

assist farmers in securing an adequate supply of seed, an adequate force of laborers when they are most needed, at harvest time, and the means of expediting shipments of fertilizers and farm machinery, as well as of the crops themselves when harvested. The course of trade shall be as unhampered as

it is possible to make it, and there shall be no unwarranted manipulation of the nation's food supply by those who handle it on its way to the consumer. This is our opportunity to demonstrate the efficiency of a great

democracy, and we shall not fall short of it!

This let me say to the middlemen of every sort, whether they are handling our foodstuffs or our raw materials of manufacture or the products of our mills and factories: The eyes of the country will be especially upon

you. This is your opportunity for signal service, efficient and disinterested.

The country expects you, as it expects all others, to forego unusual profits, to organize and expedite shipments of supplies of every kind, but especially of food, with an eye to the service you are rendering and in the spirit of those who enlist in the ranks, for their people, not for themselves. I shall

confidently expect you to deserve and win the confidence of people of every sort and station.

"'o the men who run the railways of the country, whether they be man-

73 t IMPROVEMENT ERA

agers or operative employees, let me say that the railways are the arteries of the nation's life and that upon them rests the immense responsibility of seeing to it that those arteries suffer no obstruction of any kind, no inefficiency or slackened power. To the merchant let me suggest the motto, "Small

profits and quick service,"and to the shipbuilder the thought that the life of the war depends upon him. The food and the war supplies must be

carried across the seas, no matter how many ships are sent to the bottom.

The places of those that go down must be supplied, and supplied at once.

To the miner let me say that he stands where the farmer does: the work

of the world waits on him. If he slackens or fails, armies and statesmen are

helpless. He also is enlisted in the great Service Army. The manufacturer

does not need to be told, I hope, that the nation looks to him to speed and perfect every process; and I want only to remind his employees that their

service is absolutely indispensable and is counted on by every man who loves the country and its liberties.

Let me suggest, also, that every one who creates or cultivates a garden helps, and helps greatly, to solve the problem of the feeding of the nations;

and that every housewife who practices strict economy puts herself in the ranks of those who serve the nation. This is the time for America to correct her unpardonable fault of wastefulness and extravagance. Let every

man and every woman assume the duty of careful, provident use and expenditure as a public duty, as a dictate of patriotism which no one can now expect ever to be excused or forgiven for ignoring.

The supreme test of the nation has come. "We must all speak, act, and

serve together!

Our Mr. President

I ain't never seen ner heard ye, Mister Wilson, President,

But I've read ye, an'I'm follerin', fer I like yer sentiment.

An'I don't mean jes'one, but all, an'I back all ye've said,

Fer ye write as good American as ever I have read.

Yer language runs so deep an'clear, an'rings golden like an'true.

It ain't a speakin'politics, it's jest a speakin'you.

It breathes kindliness fer human kind, it's strong an'brave an'free;

Its humble, sweet an'noble, an'speaks pure Christianity.

It's the language of the Bible, in its lofty statesmanship

It's the language of heartservice, not the service of the lip.

An'fer statin'what the Nation feels, ye ain't excelled by none;

Why, ye rank with noble Lincoln, or inspired Washington.

An| out here in these Western vales there's thousands lifts their eyes

An sends wingin'through the silence a message to the skies,

That God will keep the pilot safe, to guide our heav'n-built bark, lhat like he's steered it in the light, so help him in the dark.

An when sweet morn, an'light an'peace, suffuse the earth again,

Keep yet our pilot safe to serve, we pray Thee, Lord, Amen.

Brigham S. Young.

On the Pioneer Trail We're Marching

Written for the Y. M. M. I. A. Junior Eoys.

Evan Stephens.

March time, f

T*- -=zj-g-- 0-0-h'-0-0-0 \ a- p—m I?—*.—p\-r-# 0-0-0-0 f0-t—CX. -0- HUff—Ht

4V -4 1 1—

r r S- -y # -s>- w i ]

I f 1. On the Pi-o-neer Trail we're marching, In the footsteps of our

2. On the Pi-o-neer Trail we're marching, In their footsteps firm and

3. On the Pi-o-neer Trail we're marching,Knowing every step is

- ure Eejrain—Stars and Stripes a - bove us, With its field of az

. F, 1 Kg9—-.—gV-,—Ffh=4V-4 I P1*-—-1 P| *—\\*ri*'N—7Z=g-ttl=t==t==t=

-5 -0- 40 -0-—-.0 K23tt=m -0: 0-0-0- Y0—0-0-0-0—-M—.——.—-J

'S

736 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sires. O'er the paths they marked and f dlowed, With their

- ter - miced, Forward true: We their children, still de

sure To lead true and safe if followed With a blue, Side by side with hosts who love us, We are

l- -I I—V j—h—*———X

-0-0-0- *=$*=: -P2 it: &0-

j 0U0-0—I a

poco lit. (2nd time only). Fine.

i I '1 4—4--A 8—'—r—'—*—i n N—sr—

m toil and bright campfires. Marked so well that all mi?ht

ev - er to pur - sue. Forward in the cause and

will and purpose pure. Knowing that their trail will

marching firm and true.

->m-——t——#—F-i I *:t=P-t-t: t=-=E=z==Ettr=r E=|

# - r-P 1 4—4-

-jL- l--t—t-j

poco rit. (2nd time only) Fine.

j I (:=iiM=Ff= g—,—=——t

i 4 ON THE PIONEER TRAIL WE'RE MARCHING m

'==f=?=-R:r 4 q===i==v:pq:=i=: m t % sillj—t** =f=:—SlS g—# #-fI c i g-

fol - low, O'er the steep and rugged way, Making camp on purpose Of their journey thro'out life; Like our sires to

lead us Safe and sure to perfect rest, When the weary

I''glJ—IFF EQ= U

1 0\0 r-| 1 r-\0\0-0 I—I

poco ri. J9.S.

ifep* hill or hoi - low, At the close of ev - ery day. With the

march and conquer, In the right, whate'er the strife, march is end - ed, With life's sunset in the west.

3Fpt hE=E=E?=U

M

April Era, two Correction:—In the song "Beloved,"published in the

errois occur. In the sixth measure the last note of the second tenor should

be F, and the lower bass for the same chor 'in the same measure should be B flat.

Unchastity the Dominant Evil of the Age

By President Joseph F. Smith

[Written for and at request of the Newspaper Enterprise Association,

San Francisco, Cal.]

The character of a community or a nation is the sum of the individual qualities of its component members. To say so is to

voice at once an ordinary platitude and an axiom of profound import. The stability of a material structure depends upon the

integrity of its several parts and the maintenance of a proper correlation of the units in harmony with the laws of forces. The

same may be said of institutions, systems, and organizations in general.

Some of the gravest mistakes of men, in administrative affairs, in politics, in statesmanship, are the consequence of misdirected efforts to strengthen the fabric as a whole instead of applying remedial measures to the defective parts, or correcting the discordant relationship. When citizens can be taught to live

right lives, the grandeur and perpetuity of the nation will be assured.

The voice of the pessimistic agitator is heard in the land today. He is loud in denunciation of existing systems and vigorous in demand for new laws and governmental reforms. Progressive legislation is undoubtedly necessary, and abuse of

power, neglect of duty, or other evils in national or local administration, should be promptly corrected; but the crying need of

mankind is individual reformation. The thorough purification

and effective regulation of society as a system through repressive legislation is a stupendous and wellnigh hopeless undertaking.

The natural and rational plan of improvement must deal largely with the education of the society unit, the individual citizen.

Regulatory and prohibitory laws cannot consistently be regarded as other than necessities in the present state of human affairs, but let us hope that these enactments shall become as dead letters in the advancement of the community through individual improvement.

What has come to be known in present day literature as the social evil is a subject of perennial discussion, and the means proposed for dealing with it are topics of contention and debate.

EDITORS'TABLE 739

That the public conscience is aroused to the seriousness of the dire condition due to sexual immorality is a promising indication of prospective betterment. No more loathsome cancer disfigures the body and soul of society today than the frightful

affliction of sexual sin. It vitiates the very fountains of life, and

bequeaths its foul effects to the yet unborn as a legacy of death.

It lurks in hamlet and city, in the mansion and in the hovel as a ravening beast in wait for prey; and it skulks through the land

in blasphemous defiance of the laws of God and man.

The lawful association of the sexes is ordained of God, not only as the sole means of race perpetuation, but for the development of the higher faculties and nobler traits of human nature, which the loveinspired companionship of man and woman alone can insure. The word of Scripture is explicit as to the

Divine intent and command with respect to the sexes. It is not

good for man to be alone; and therefore hath it been ordained

that "a man leave his father and his mother and shall cleave unto his wife; and they shall be one flesh"(Genesis 2:18,24).

Of the first parents of the race we read: "And God blessed

them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth"(Genesis 1:28).

The precept that marriage is honorable is as true today as when uttered by the Apostle of old (see Hebrews 13:4); and

who shall deny that the married state is essential to the attainment of even relative perfection in fulfilling the measure and purpose of man's mortal existence? "Neither is the man without

the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord"(1 Corinthians 11:11).

Not alone is it fundamentally proper and in strict accord with both the spirit and the letter of the Divine Word, but absolutely essential to the stability of the social order that the marriage relation shall be defined and regulated by secular law.

Parties to the marriage contract must be definitely invested with the responsibilities of the status they assume; and for fidelity to

their obligations they are answerable to each other, to society, and to their God.

Sexual union is lawful in wedlock, and, if participated in with right intent is honorable and sanctifying. But ivithout the

bonds of marriage, sexual indulgence is a debasing sin, abominable in the sight of Deity.

Infidelity to marriage vows is a fruitful source of divorce, with its long train of attendant evils, not the least of which are the shame and dishonor inflicted on unfortunate though innocent children. The dreadful effects of adultery cannot be confined to the erring participants. Whether openly known or

partly concealed under the cloak of guilty secrecy, the results are potent in evil influence. The immortal spirits that come to

740 IMPROVEMENT ERA

earth to tabernacle in bodies of flesh have the right to be well born, through parents who are free from the contamination of sexual vice.

It is a deplorable fact that society persists in holding woman to stricter account than man in the matter of sexual offense.

What shadow of excuse, not to speak of justification, can be found for this outrageous and cowardly discrimination? Can

moral defilement be any the less filthy and pestilential in man than in woman? Is a male leper less to be shunned for fear of

contagion than a woman similarly stricken?

O the baseness, the injustice, the dishonor of it all! Happily the early promulgators of this shameful conception of a

double standard of morals for the sexes are hidden in the oblivion of the past. Let the infamy in which they should rightly

share be borne by those who countenance the current acceptance of so vicious a distinction. Visualize the spectacle. Man,

who is by nature the protector and defender of woman, ready to stone to social death the adulteress, in whose sin he was partner.

True, there is nothing distinctively modern in this revolting distortion of propriety and justice. It will be remembered that

certain selfrighteous Scribes and Pharisees came clamoring to the Christ in the Temple courts, dragging with them a woman, of whom they said, "Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act;"and they asked what punishment should be

meted out to her. What of the man in the case? He may have

been present, but whether eo or not we have no record that judgment upon him was either asked or implied. However, injustice is of no less hideous mien because, as we sometimes say

in stultifying inconsistency, it is timehonored.

So far as woman sins it is inevitable that she shall suffer, for retribution is sure, whether it be immediate or deferred.

But in so far as man's injustice inflicts upon her the consequence of his offenses, he stands convicted of multiple guilt. And man

is largely responsible for the sins against decency and virtue, the burden of which is too often fastened upon the weaker participant in the crime. The frightful prevalence of prostitution, and

the tolerance and even condonation with which the foul traffic is treated by socalled civilized society, are black blots on the pages of current history.

It would be manifestly unjust to sweepingly condemn every fallen woman as of emial culpability with the rest of her degraded class. The published results of investigation by official

inquirers and volunteers in this miry field of research indicate that many a woman who offers her body for hire entered into this dreadful commerce when she found herself despoiled and betrayed through undue confidence in man; and while her despairing and desperate condition must be considered as an eleEDITORS'TABLE 741

ment of cause if not of mitigation, she is nevertheless a criminal under the secular law and a grievous offender against the mandate of the Almighty. In the day of righteous judgment, before

the bar of the Great Judge who shall read the mind and interpret the heart, every circumstance will be taken into just account, in her case as in that of him or them who have contributed to her degradation. Others there are, as the reports attest,

who aver that they live their lives of shame by choice, preferring the comparative ease and the unnatural excitement of their abandoned mode of existence to the exactions of honest industry.

Horrifying as the condition is, it is nevertheless a black reality, that hordes of women prostitute their bodies and souls for money, and find no lack of eager buyers. Who is the more

depraved—the vendor or the purchaser of woman's honor? In

many cases a power of discernment and analysis superior to human attainment is essential to a just verdict, but it appears certain that whatever of palliation through stress of circumstance may be found for the woman, guilty lust is too generally the primal motive of the man. If the passions of men were

kept in natural and wholesome restraint, female virtue would cease to be a purchasable commodity in the unholy marts of society.

The low esteem in which strict sexual morality is currently held is an element of positive danger to the nation as a human institution, to say nothing of the wholesale debauching of souls as an offense against Divine decree. With such awful examples

as history furnishes, it is a matter of astonishment that governments should be so nearly oblivious to the disintegrating forces springing from violations of the moral law amongst their citizenry. For, as already stated, while the education of the individual is the basal condition of community improvement, regulatory laws will be necessary as long as crime flourishes.

The grandeur of ancient Greece, the majesty of Rome, once the proud rulers of the world, have disappeared; and the

verdict of history specifies the prevalence of sexual immorality as among the chief of the destructive agencies by which the fall of those mighty peoples was effected. The literature of the religious body I represent records an instance of even more striking import, for it comprises the physical destruction and complete extinction of a once powerful nation, and the utter debasement of another. According to Book of Mormon history the

American continent was once inhabited by two peoples known respectivelv as Nephites and Lamanites. The former were progressive throughout a great part of their career; they built cities

and cultivated the arts of civilization; and as long as they lived

in righteousness thev prospered. The Lamanites were of no742 IMPROVEMENT ERA

madic habits, and, except for brief intervals of comparative peace, were in a state of aggressive enmity against their Nephite contemporaries. The most blessed period of ancient American

history was that of the first two centuries of the Christian era, during which the people lived in purity and virtue. Of that

time we read: "And it came to pass that there was no contention in the land, because of the love of God which did dwell in

the hearts of the people. And there were no envyings, nor

strifes, nor tumults, nor whoredoms, nor lyings, nor murders, nor any manner of lasciviousness; and surely there could not

be a happier people among all the people who had been created by the hand of God"(4 Nephi 15, 16).

But this virtuous and happy state was followed by an era of abominable excesses; and prominent among the sins that led to

the death of the nation was that of sexual impurity and general lasciviousness. As the prophets had predicted, the Nephites

degenerated, and by Divine sufferance their enemies destroyed them as a nation. And the Lamanites, though victors in the

struggle, have fallen to the present degraded status of the American Indian. Archaeologists tell us that the human bones taken

from Indian mounds of this country bear unmistakable testimony to the prevalence of syphylitic and allied diseases among the ancient Americans.

Is our modern nation to bring upon itself the doom of destructive depravity? The forces of disintegration are at work

throughout the land, and they operate as insidiously as does the virus of deadly contagion. A nationwide awakening to the need

of personal sanitation and of rigorous reform in the matter of ual morality is demanded by the exigencies of the times. As

in combating physical maladies, so in the treatment of moral contagion, the individual should be rendered immune, so far as possible, by instruction in hygienic living, and by inoculation witli the spirit of righteousness; and, coincidently, every possible effort is required to check the spread of the plague by community sanitation. The current and common custom of indecency in dress, the flood of immoral fiction in printed literature,

in the drama, and notably in moving picture exhibitions, the toleration of immodesty in everyday conversation and demeanor, are doing deadlv work in the fostering of souldestroying vice.

Like many bodily diseases, sexual crime drags with itself a train of other ills. As the physical effects of drunkenness entail

the deterioration of tissue, and disturbance of vital functions, and so render the body receptive to any distemper to which it mav be exposed, and at the same time lower the powers of resistance even to fatal deficiency, so does unchastity expose the soul to divers spiritual maladies, and rob it of both resistance and recuperative ability. The adulterous generation of Christ's

EDITORS'TABLE 743

day were deaf to the voice of truth, and through their diseased state of mind and heart, sought after signs and preferred empty fable to the message of salvation.

The gospel of Jesus Christ is the Divinely ordained panacea for the ills that afflict humanity, and preeminently so for the dread affliction of sexual sin. Note the teachings of the Master

priwhile He ministered among men in the flesh—they were

marily directed to individual probity and rectitude of life. The

letter of the Mosaic law was superseded by the spirit of personal devotion to the right. "Ye have heard,"said He, "that it was

said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery: But

I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her, hath committed adultery with her already in his heart"(Matt. 5:27,28). The sin itself may spring from the sensual

thought, the lustful glance; just as murder is often the fruitage

of hatred or covetousness.

We accept without reservation or qualification the affirmation of Deity through an ancient Nephite prophet: "For J,

the Lord God, delight in the chastity of women. And whoredoms are an abomination before me; thus saith the Lord of

Hosts."of We hold that sexual sin is second only to the shedding innocent blood in the categorv of personal crimes; and that the

adulterer shall have no part in the exaltation of the blessed.

We proclaim as the word of the Lord "Thou shalt not commit adultery."

"He that looketh on a woman to lust after her. or if any

shall commit adultery in their hearts, they shall not have the

Spirit, but shall deny the faith."

Messages from the Missions

The Work in Phoenix

Arthur W. Grix, writing from Phoenix, Arizona, encloses a portrait

of th elders and lady missionaries laboring in Phoenix, Ray and Hayden,

Arizona; left to right, back row: Thursa Ellsworth. James E. Hamilton, Nellie Ellsworth; front row: Leeman A. Jorgensen, Byron L. Western, Arthur

laborand Jorgensen, Elders Western Taylor. A. William and GrixW have work, and some splendid accomplished have Havden, and ing in Rav

disposed of many books in the past three months. They have thus secured

a goodly number of investigators; and Elder Grix and the others have a-

bored in and around Phoenix and have distributed many tracts and books and made many friends for the cause of truth. Now that the warm weather

is here, we are able to hold some very successful street meetings. Ine

people treat us better than in any other part of this mission held, ihey live among our members and know how they conduct their lives. The two

lady missionaries are from Chandler, Arizona, and have worked in different fields. They received peremission from President Robinson, and

are working with us for a few weeks, spreading the word of the Lord."

Great Success with Street Meetings

G. J. Thurman, writing from Palmerston, New Zealand, February 23:

"The photo herewith is of the elders laboring in the Manhattan conference, New Zealand, left to right: G. J. Thurman, Provo, conference president European work; J. R. Russon, conference president Maori work,

Lehi; J. M. Roundy, Provo; L. O. Thomas, Salt Lake City; Leonard

Winegar, Woods Cross. The conference named extends over three hundred

miles of territory covered by the Maori elders on bikes and on horseback.

There are two hundred Saints or more who are all steadfast to the faith.

They work in conjunction with the elders for the spread of the truth. The

EDITORS'TABLE 745

work among the European population is also very encouraging, although there is a great religious indifference shown by the people. We are having great success with street meetings which are held regularly, but there

is marked opposition by other Christian churches. The Era comes to us

as a great friend and is enjoyed by elders, Saints and investigators."

Tall and Successful

These elders, laboring in the North West Virginia conference, are all over six feet in height. It is reported of them that they are energetic

and successful in their work, both in trading and in making friends for the cause they represent. Their names,

from left to right, are: L. C. Lamlit oreaux, Twin Falls, Ida.; Glen W.

Steed, Clearfield; George C. Bitter,

Collinston, and John L. Siddoway,

Vernal, Utah.

Statistics of the British Mission

In the Millennial Star for March a 1, appears the statistical report of the British Mission for the year ending December 25, 1916. There are

thirteen conferences included; in

these conferences there are sixty elders and one lady missionary; there

are 5,887 members, all told, not including 1,336 children under eight years of age, making a total number of souls in the British mission of 7,223. There have been 297 baptisms

during the year.

A Lamanite Sister Becomes Active in Spreading the Gospel

Elder E. Leslie Young, writing from Portland, Ore., Northwestern States

Mission, says: "On Tuesday, March 28, while tracting from door to door

in the little city of Wanatchie, Washington, I called at the home of a

Limanite woman who invited me to come in. I told her of the message

which I had to deliver, and a long conversation followed. I spoke of the

Book of Mormon as a history of her people, bearing a convincing testimony to its truthfulness. After a two hours'discussion of the principles of the

gospel, I promised her that if she would ask the Lord with a prayerful heart, she might know for herself whether the book was true or not. I

pointed out the promise in Moroni 10:4, 5, in which the Lord makes certain

promises to those who read the Book of Mormon. That night before retiring she prayed earnestly to God to make it known to her if the Book

were really true. In reply she had a vision in which she was shown that

the Book and gospel as taught by me were true. She also saw a vision of

herself being baptized with a number of people standing about. On April

12, I baptized her, and since that time she has borne testimony to her friends, and has become very active in spreading the gospel, especially among her own people. Several have investigated on her account, and one

is ready for baptism. Since her baptism, her health is very much improved,

and this has strengthened her testimony. As a result of her labors and

746 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the labors of the missionaries here, the gospel is rapidly gaining favor among our Lamanite brethren and sisters. Elder Heber W. Green and I,

who labor in this part of the country, hope to be able to baptize many into the fold of Christ in the near future.

New "Mormon"Chapel in Samoa Elders of the Upolu and Savaii conferences of the Samoan mission held

April 6, 7 and 8, 1917. Left to right, front row: C. W. Smedley, Sister C.

W. Sedley, Sister A. Twitchell, A. Twitchell; second row: H. A. Dean, H.

A. Jensen, incoming Savaii Conference President W. M. Mason, retiring

Savaii Conference President E. Wright, Mission President W. O. Lee, Upolu

Conference President R. G. Wood, W. T. Mackey, V. G. Woolley; back row:

H. O. Anderson, A. D. Madsen, L. Twitchell, C. Nuttall, G. H. Hale, J. P.

Murdock, C. J. Sharp, H. W. Anderson, C. F. Farren. This was the first

time the elders of both conferences had been together for over a year. It

was President Wright's desire to have all the missionaries of the Samoan

Top: New L. D. S. Chapel at Sauniatu, Samoa. Bottom: Elders of the

Upolu and Savaii Conferences, Samoan Mission

Mission assemble for the dedication of our beautiful new chapel at Sauniatu, which took place on Friday, April 6, but owing to an epidemic of measles on the island of Upolu, the Tutuila elders were unable to come over. We

EDITORS'TABLE 747

had a splendid time at this, the largest conference ever held in Samoa.

Over five hundred Saints and friends were in regular attendance at our meetings. Twentyfour were baptized at the baptismal service held on Sunnay, April 8. The mission is in a thriving condition, and everybody is

talking about the "Mormons."Tracts are being scattered broadcast throughout towns and villages, and the prospects are bright for making 1917 the

biggest and most prosperous year ever seen in the Church since the gospel was brought to the islands. We are also sending you a picture of the new

meetinghouse. The Era is received and read with much pleasure in this

part of the world; thanks for the same. Ernest Wright, Mission President;

Ray G. Wood, Mission Secretary.

The "Era""at the Front"Elder Oliver G. Ellis, clerk of the Hull conference, England, writes

under date of March 20: "We always look forward to receiving the Era,

and enjoy reading it very much. Several of our boys have had the Era

sent to them 'at the front.'They enjoy it, and share it with the other

soldiers. In this way much good is being accomplished. It is indeed a

time of gleaning now, and the few elders remaining in the British mission are kept very busy visiting the different branches, and in keeping the

Saints active. We were very sorry to lose one of our elders here in Hull

conference, Elder Wilford 0. Freckleton, who died here on February 27.

The elders in the picture are (left to right) President Wm. D. Lewis, Provo;

Wm. A. Linford, Ogden; Wilford 0. Freckleton (deceased), Eureka, and

Oliver G. Ellis, Ogden.

The Work in Japan

C. Ralph Amott, writing from Osaka, Japan, March 31, says: "The

preaching of the gospel is progressing favorably in Japan. Each month the

glad tidings are being carried to a greater number of people. The Era,

besides being a great comfort to us missionaries, affords a basis for many good talks with the people, because of the splendid articles it contains.

Those of our Saints and friends, who understand English sufficiently to read, enjoy the articles greatly, and thus its field of doing good is ever widening; may its influence for good ever grow greater."

IPRIESTHOOD quchCe -RUMS'TABLE row Teaching for April

According to the bulletin issued by the presiding bishop's office for the months of April, 1917, Bear Lake, Bighorn, Box Elder, Millard, North Sanpete, Oneida, and Weber had 100 per cent of the families visited by the teachers in those stakes. Other stakes range as low as from 12, in Parowan,

to as high as 99.8 in Ogden. The Ogden stake had 36 per cent of the priesthood attending the weekly priesthood meetings; the next highest being

Granite, with 30 per cent. The others ranged from as low as 4 per cent in

Idaho, to 29 in Alberta.

Reform in Dancing and Dress The Presiding Bishopric of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints have recently sent the following communication to the ward bishops of the Church:

Dear Brethren: Several months ago the General Boards of all the

auxiliary organizations were requested by the First Presidency to give consideration to the matter of improvement in the dancing and dress of our young people. A committee representing all of the General Boards, after

spending a long period of time in study and investigation of the subject, has rendered its report. This report has been approved by the First Presidency and all of the General Boards, and has been prepared for distribution in the form of a small pocket pamphlet convenient for use and preservation.

We are sending you under separate cover a number of copies of the pamphlet and the communication, estimated to be sufficient so that you may cause to be delivered to every officer and teacher, both male and female, of all priesthood quorums and all auxiliary organizations within your ward a copy of the pamphlet and to all women officers and teachers a copy of the communication on dress. If the number of copies sent to you

should prove to be insufficient, you may obtain additional copies by writing to this office.

We heartily approve and endorse the suggestions contained within the report so sent to you and we urge that you adopt the recommendations therein contained and give to the movement thus begun the wholehearted support of all the forces at your command.

Similar communications were sent from the First Presidency to the presidents of stakes, with instructions to distribute the pamphlets and circulars to the stake authorities, high councilors, presidencies of elders and seventies quorums, etc. The General Boards of all the auxiliary organizations have also sent instructions accompanied by the pamphlets and circular to their stake officers. The pocket pamphlet and the communication on

dress were printed in the Improvement Era, Young Woman's Journal, Juvenile Instructor, Relief Society Magazine, and Children's Friend for April.

It is believed that a united effort on the part of all concerned will convince our young people of the propriety of the recommendations, and that their adoption will thus be made universal throughout the Church.

MUTUAL WORK

ANNUAL M. I. A. AND PRIMARY CONFERENCE

The twentysecond general annual conference of the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, and the fifteenth annual conference of the Primary Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, will be held in Salt Lake City, on Thursday, Friday,

Saturday and Sunday, June 7, 8, 9 and 10, 1917.

All members are invited and all officers are particularly requested to be present at all of the meetings of the conference, and a cordial invitation is extended to the Saints generally to attend the meetings to be held in the

Tabernacle at 2 and 7 p. m. on Sunday, June 10.

Joseph F. Smith,

Heber J. Grant,

B. H. Roberts,

General Superintenedncy Y. M. M. I. A.

Martha H. Tingey, Ruth M. Fox, Mae T. Nystrom, Presidency Y. L. M. I. A.

Louie B. Felt, May Anderson, Clara W. Beebe, Presidency Primary Assn.

PROGRAM OF MEETINGS Thursday—8 p. m., Scout meeting and Beehive Girl Demonstration, Deseret Friday—10Gymnasium.a. m., Joint M. I. A. officers'meeting; 2 p. m., separate meetings Boy Scout and Beehive Girls; 4 p. m., Preliminary tryout, public

speaking contest, both Assembly Hall; 8 p. m., Reception and social for visitingSaturday—10stake officers.a. m., Separate Y. M. M. I. A. officers'meeting, Assembly

Hall, Bishop's Building; and Y. L. M. I. A., Assembly Hall; 12 noon, Noon

luncheon for stake superintendents; 2:30 p. m., Joint M. I. A. officers'meeting, Assembly Hall; 8 p. m., Grand finals, public speaking, with cantata and

playlet, and distribution of medals and presentation of winning stake in specialSunday—8:30activities. a. m., Testimony meeting for officers and workers, in Assembly Hall; 10 a. m., Separate Y. M. M. I. A. officers meeting, Assembly

Hall, Bishop's Building, and Y. L. M. I. A., in Assembly Hall; 2 p. m., General joint public meeting, M. I. A. and Primary, Salt Lake Tabernacle; also

at same place, 7:30 p. m.

We stand for thrift and economy, for home and country; for modesty

in 'dress and dancing; and for spirituality in teaching.

M. I. A. Scouts and the Services they May Render in this Present Crisis

The following resolution was passed by the General Board of the Y. M.

M. I. A., April 11, 1917:

"Inasmuch as our country is in a state of war, we, the General Board of 750 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Y. M. M. I. A. recommend that the civic services of the M. I. A. scouts

he offered to the authorities of our cities and villages."

Suggestive letters have been sent to the M. I. A. stake superintendents,

to be forwarded to the M. I. A. ward authorities explaining what services

the scouts may render.

The following offer has been made to mayors of cities and village authorities:

"In this hour of our country's need, we, the M. I. A. Boy Scouts of America and Scout officials, pledge to you, and through you to the citizens of

our city, our loyalty and hearty support in emergencies which may arise.

"Because of our training we are prepared to do many things of practical value. We are not soldiers, but are ready to render civic service such as

first aid to the injured, and to do signalling and serve as messengers, besides many other duties that may be useful to our country.

"We offer our good will and loyalty and express our desire to do our duty."It should be noticed b parents and Scout officials that the duties of Boy

Scouts will in no way be changed. They will simply continue to do the

work prescribed for Scouts, and their daily good turns. The only effect of

war will be that they may be able to do some scouting work, suited to their years, for the city or village, and some local good turns for the Red Cross.

An offer to do such work will be made all over the United States by 250,000

Scouts and Scout officials, probably taking the form of local rallies in the presence of the civic authorities so that the boys may feel that they are doing something for their country.

In the warring countries the Boy Scouts mobilized for civilian service at the outbreak of the war, and since then it is reported that they have carried out relief measures, helped the families of men who were sick or wounded, established first aid stations, soup kitchens, etc., performing all

sorts of work when workers were away, harvested crops, transported bed and hospital furniture, kept waiting crowds in order, collected material for wounded soldiers, made straw mattresses for rough field hospitals, opened letters, done office work, distributed food, acted as temporary nurses, messengers, pages, and guides, handed out notices, and have done many other things useful to their country.

It is hardly necessary to repeat the assurance you received when boys became Scouts that this is a nonmilitary organization, and that it will remain so.

"Be prepared.""Do a good turn daily."

Wanted

The Improvement Era for January, 1913, volume 16, number three is wanted. Send the copy to the office; we will return 25c to you; address 20

Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Era Story Contest

The Era story contest for April resulted in the choice of "His Word of

Honor,"by Elsie C. Carroll, for the first place; and "The Lady of His

Dreams,"by Amy W. Evans, Salt Lake City, for the second place. Twentytwo stories were submitted. The decision for May, which closes the contest

for the present, will be given in the July Era.

IlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUiiPASSING EVENTS!llllllllllllllllllllllllll

Benjamin Hampton, pioneer business man, miner and smelter man, horn

Feb. 11, 1837, in Philadelphia, died in Salt Lake City, April 5, 1917.

The rice crops of India and Japan are exceptionally large this yeiir.

Rice is one of the few articles of food that has not been soaring in price lately.

Henry H. Blood, Kaysville, a prominent business man and resident of

Davis County, and well known throughout the state and intermountain section of country, was appointed third member of the public utilities commission, for the state of Utah, March 20.

Cuba has fifty submarine chasers building, and twenty war vessels which are patrolling the coast of the island to make sure that the Germans do not establish a "U"boat station there. The president is earnest in his

desire that at least a part of the army which now numbers about 35,000 men, shall carry the Cuban flag into the battles of Europe.

Spain's new Premier is Marquis Prieto. Count Romanones, former

premier, retired because he believed that continued neutrality weakened the prestige of the Spanish nation, and prevented it from properly defending its legitimate interests at sea. The new ministry promptly despatched to

Germany a message protesting against its submarine policy.

China severed her diplomatic relations with Germany on March 16, the cause being the unsatisfactory reply of Germany to the government of China in regard to the submarine warfare. The proposal was passed by a vote

of 433 to 81 in the House and 152 to 37 in the Senate. Following the break

the Chinese government took possession of six Germen ships at Shanghai.

Recently a conference for international affairs called by the government recommended that China declare w;ar on Germany, and it was thought that

Parliament would probably do so.

Robert Davis.—A few days after the United States declared a state of

war with Germany, dispatches from the front told of the raising of Old

Glory on the crest of Vimy ridge, by a Texas soldier fighting with the

Canadian forces. The soldier, Robert Davis of Temple, Texas, later had

his foot shot away and is now convalescing in a London hospital. Young

Davis comes of a family of soldiers. His father fought with the French

against the Germans in 187071, and took part in the fighting around the same ridge on which the son carried the Stars and Stripes in a victorious charge. Three years ago Davis was mustered out of the United States marine corps, in which unit he served two enlistments.

Fighting with the Allies are said to be 50,000 young Americans. Resides

this contribution of the United States to the forces in the field, of the Allies, there is also the American mule who has endeared himself to the transport officers because of his military qualities. The Youth's Companion, calling

attention to this, says that he goes to sleep behind a roaring nineinch gun.

If he chances to fall into a shell hole he lies there nonchalant, and selfcon- tained, until someone pulls him out. Rut we suspect that more than appears

in the words themselves can be read in the remark of the Rritish officer:

"He has some ways with him that we didn't quite understand at first."

Congress authorized an issue of bonds, early in April, to meet expenditures for the national security and defense—amounting to $5,000,000,000

752 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out of which amount $3,000,000,000 may be used in extending credits to foreign governments, and the remainder for national use. Congress also authorized the issue of $2,000,000,000 of certificates of indebtedness, payable one

year from date of issue. This makes a total war appropriation to begin

with of $7,000,000,000—the largest ever voted at one time by any other government in the history of the world.

The Irish question has come to the front again. In a speech at the

Guild Hall, London, Mr. LloydGeorge declared that Britain could not fight

a victorious war unless Ireland were won by the just and generous settlement of the home rule issue into cheerful, loyal cooperation. Both the

Canadian Parliament and members of the Congress of the United States have sent a message to Mr. LloydGeorge, pointing out the added enthusiasm that America could bring to the conflict if it could feel that

Britain and Ireland had come to an amicable and honorable settlement of their long differences.

General Petain, who commanded the French army defending Verdun during the critical stages of the battle in February and March of last year, was appointed chief of staff of the Ministry of "War, by the French cabinet on April 29. General Petain has the reputation of being above all a fighter

and man prepared, and he may well be called so; he was colonel in 1914,

general in 1915, commander of the French forces at Verdun 1916, and now chief of staff of the French Ministry of War, in 1917. On May 15 at a

Cabinet meeting General Petain was appointed commander in chief of the

French army, operating on the French front.

The selective draft or conscription bill, which provides for raising a new army by means of a selective draft passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 397 to 24. The amendment that provided for a preliminary

trial of the volunteer system was voted down by 279 to 98. The Senate also

passed the conscription bill by a vote of 81 to 8, and by the middle of May arrangements were provided for making a complete census on June 5 of all the men in the country between the ages of 21 and 30, the age limit finally fixed upon. The President has named June 5 as registration day, "to be remembered as one of the most conspicuous moments in our history."On

that day all males in the United States between the ages of 21 and 30 inclusivetasks—tenwillmillionsbe registeredstrong. andA presentdivision themselvesof the regularfor assignmentsarmy, under forGeneraltheir

Pershing, will speedily be sent to France, to be followed soon as possible by a larger army, including the national guards. A squadron of American

destioyers arrived on May 4, in Queenstown, and went directly into active service. More destroyers and "submarine chasers"will follow.

British and French representatives, Cabinet officers, and others who paid tribute to the memory of Washington grouped in front of the historic mansion. Front row, left to right: ViceAdmiral Chocheprat of the French

Navy; Mrs. Eugene Van Rensselaer, vice regent for West Virginia of the

Mt. Vernon Association; Secretary Daniels; Miss Harriet Clayton Comegys,

regent of the Mt. Vernon Association; Field Marshal Joffre; M. Viviani,

French Minister of Justice and head of the French Commissioners; Secretary Lansing; Right Hon. A. J. Balfour, head of the British Commissioners;

George Foster, premier of Canada; Sir Cecil SpringRice, British Ambassador, and Major Gen. G. T. M. Bridges of the British Commission. Standing

back of Secretary Daniels is Sergeant Dreyfus of the French Army; at his

left Col. Fabri and next to him Colonel Ramond. Next to him behind M.

Viviani, is M. Hovelacque, inspector general of public instruction in France

next to him is the Marquis de Chambrun, a descendant of LaFayette. Next

is Major Requin and Secretary Franklin K. Lane. (See illustration on next

page and item on page 755.)

754 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Clinton Larson is now the Olympic champion high jumper, having made % of an inch better than Alma Richards, the former Olympic champion. Mr. Larson is of the Brigham Young University, Utah, and at the recent annual Penn relay carnival held at Franklin Field, Philadelphia, made

6 feet 5% inches, which is just % of an inch better than the record which was heretofore held by another Utah boy, Alma Richards, of Provo.

A. Larcker, of Arden, Nevada, who is laboring in the Potosi mine writes

to the Era: "This place is located about thirty miles west of Las Vegas,

twelve miles from the boundary line of California, on the old 'Mormon'trail. Evidences of the 'Mormon'camp are still to be seen here. A lead

mine was discovered here and worked for years. It is still often called the

old 'Mormon'mine, but is now known generally as the Potosi mine. Six

automobile trucks daily freight ore from it to Arden, about eighteen miles away, on the Salt Lake and Los Angeles railway. It is said that the 'Mormons'started this mine between 1857 and 1860, so that it is practically

sixty years old. One of the boys here found an old, homemade hammer

weighing eight pounds. There was not much wood on it, and both faces

were battered up. In the old camp I found in the ground a piece of zinc

ore mixed with lead, and also a small bottle half full of olive oil. I have

these three specimens and will bring them when I come to Salt Lake City.

About a year ago, a number of residents of Heber, Wasatch county, entered some claims about a mile east of the Potosi mine. These claims give

piomise of making a prosperous district when the development work is done."A National Road.—There is a section of the Federal aid road law of

1916 which authorizes the Department of Agriculture to take charge of roadbuilding in the National Forests, and under this authority the preliminary work has begun on a road in the Apache National Forest, in

Greenlee county, Arizona. As this is the first road of this nature to be

undertaken it has general interest, particularly as respects the reasons for spending Federal funds on a highway so remote from settled districts.

These reasons have been outlined as follows by the United States Forest

Serivce: "The construction of the road will make possible a northand-

south trunk line through a region now inaccessible and will connect with existing eastand-west state highways. It will make possible the sale of

large bodies of timber for the use of copper mines in southern Arizona, and will afford means of travel for settlers, besides cheapening the cost of protecting and administering the National Forest. The development of

water power in the region will be assisted and a beautiful recreation area will be opened up for tourist travel and for the residents of the desert cities during the summer months."The surveys which have been authorized

will cover about 71 miles of road, which it will cost about $342,500 to build, and 29 miles of road costing $77,500 more must be built to complete the highway. Half of the money will be furnished by the counties traversed

by the route and half by the Federal government, but the road will be built under the direction of the U. S. Office of Public Roads, instead of by

the State authorities in the usual manner on Federal aid road work.

War Notes.—Brazil has ceased diplomatic relations with Germany, but

still remains neutral, though it seized all the German merchant vessels in

Brazilian harbors.—Word came from Mexico that President Carranza was

convinced of the necessity of supporting the other American republics in their protests against German methods of warfare, and it is stated that measures have been taken to quiet the German propaganda that has made considerable headway in Mexico. It was even stated that it might be possible

the Carranza would break with Germany.—Arrangements were made for

this country to loan $200,000,000 to Italy and France out of the money to

PASSING EVENTS 755

be raised by the great bond issue. Further advances will be made to the

allied nations as necessity demands. The French and British commissioners made it plain that they desire to have an American army force in

France at the earliest possible moment. They believe not only that the

moral effect of such a force would be good, but that its power would be even greater than the material assistance it could give. The Italian Commission which visited the United States, did not ask for men, but they were

anxious that the shipping should be made free upon the ocean.—Congress

authorized the President to take over any ships owned in whole or in part by Germans and lying in the American harbors. It is said that German

ships valued at $51,000,000 were so taken.—During the week from April 26

to May 2 the Russian Duma government removed a number of officers for incompetence or disloyalty. Twentythree generals were among them. Disorders in Petrograd were reported as a result of the activity of the socialist

loader Lenine who is agitating for a separate peace with Germany. The

government permits him complete freedom of speech, although he is believed to be in the pay of the German government.

Citizens who have business in Holland, may find assistance from Evart

Neuteboom, 815 Eccles Building, Ogden, Utah, last year appointed viceconsul for the Netherlands by Queen

Wilhelmina. He received his commission from the Hague, Holland, on

March 23, 1916. The new viceconsul

has been a resident of Ogden since

Memorial day, twentysix years ago, coming to Utah from his native land.

He is thoroughly familiar with the affairs of the people of Holland, and favorably known among many of the residents of that nation in this section of country, and is therefore qualified for the position to which he has been appointed. A number of inquiries have

come to hand on various government affairs in that country, and we mention this appointment so that people may apply to Mr. Neuteboom relating

to business affairs in connection with the government of Holland. Mr.

Neuteboom is an active Church worker, is the clerk of the Weber stake of Zion, and besides is interested in various business organizations.

The British and French war Commission, the former headed by Foreign

Secretary Balfour, and the latter by Rene Viviani and Marshal Joffre, arrived in Washington on April 22 and April 25 respectively. At Washington

General Joffre was the center of attraction and was greeted with cheers and applause everywhere. It is stated in the telegrams that he received the

greatest ovation that the capital has ever seen accorded to a foreign guest.

In a public speech the British high commissioner, Arthur J. Balfour congratulated the United States on entering the war, and so "turning the first

page in a new chapter in the history of mankind."The commissions succeeded in making great loans in the United States to carry on the war.

During their stay they visited many prominent places in this country, including Mt. Vernon (see picture, page 753), Chicago, St. Louis, Kansas

City and other western and middle western cities. While these distin756 IMPROVEMENT ERA

guished leaders were in Mt. Vernon, they paid homage to Washington.

Grouped in front of the historic mansion British and French representatives, cabinet officers and others gave fitting tribute to the Father of the greatest

Republic. Arthur James Balfour, foreign minister of Great Britain and

Rene Viviani, French minister of justice and member of the French commission, spoke with deep emotion before the tomb of the first President of the United States, of the common fight for freedom in which all three countries were now taking part. Marshal Joffre laid on the marble sarcophagus a plain bronze palm, wound with the French tricolor. The occasion was most solemn, and gave ample opportunity for the French and the

British members of the commission to voice the deep feeling held in each of their countries for America's hero. During the proceedings, the flags of

the United States, Great Britain, and France floated proudly side by side over the tomb. Later they visited New York City and were everywhere

welcomed with great enthusiasm. A commission from Italy also visited this

country in May.

Russian Revolution.—The most startling event since the great war began

was the revolution in Russia, by which during the few days from March 10 to 15 the czar was dethroned, autocracy and bureaucracy overthrown, and a government by a committee of able and progressive men of the Duma was established. The czar on his own behalf and on the behalf of his son the

czarevitch abdicated on the 15th. The Grand Duke Michael, the czar's

brother, later also surrendered his claim to the throne, with the understanding that if the people in time should desire it, he would be willing to act as constitutional monarch. The people of the country including the

soldiery generally acquiesced in the action of the revolution. The new

government declared a general amnesty for all political and religious prisoners, liberty of speech and the press, promised home rule for Finland, called a constitutional assemblage to be elected by popular vote to decide upon the future form of government, substituted the police by the national militia, communal elections and universal suffrage, and declared that it would devote itself to a determined and efficient conduct of the war against 'he Central Powers. The accusations of the. Russian people against the old

regime for its conduct of the war were, inefficiency, corruption, and treachery. It had been evident from the failures of the Russians in the great war

that an enemy's hand was secretly directing the affairs of the nation. The

allied governments and the United States, directed their representatives to deal with the new government of Russia, and later recognized it as the head of the nation. What may result is mere conjecture. Conflicting elements

are at work. General Guchoff, minister of war, has resigned, and about the

middle of May there was grave danger of civil war or anarchy between factions standing for the Provisional government, and socialists and others which includes the Russian Council of Workmen and Soldiers who favor a separate peace. Whether or not the new government will be able to unite

the people and to continue the new form of government remains to be seen.

There are many German and socialist intrigues working against such an arrangement. To offset these the United States is to send a commission to

Russia to consult with the new republican government. Mr. Elihu Root is

to go as chairman, and other members of the American Commission to

Russia are: Charles R. Crane, Illinois, business man; John R. Mott, New

York, secretary International Committee Y. M. C. A.; Cyrus McCormick,

president of the International Harvester Co.; Samuel R. Bertron, New

York, banker; James Duncan, vice president of the American Federation

of Labor; Charles Edward Russell, New York, author and socialist; MajorGeneral Hugh L. Scott, chief of staff U. S. A., and RearAdmiral James H.

Glennon, U. S. N. General Scott will have three aides, including Lieut.-CoI.

T. Bentley Mott, formerly a military attache to the American embassy at

Petrograd. (See picture, p. 699.)

The UTAH AGRICULTURAL GULLEGE LOGAN, UTAH

The School of Agriculture g Agronomy, Animal Husbandry, Dairying, Agricultural Botjj s any, Soil, Chemistry, Soil Bacteriology, Dryfarming, Irrigation | g Practice, Horticulture, Veterinary Science, Plant Pathology, En- g g tomology, etc. 1

The School of Home Economics Foods, Dietetics, Principles of Nutrition, Household Furnish- g j ing and Design, Domestic Art, Care and Feeding of Children, g g Home Construction, Sanitation, Home Laundering, etc. |

g The School of Agricultural Engineering and Mechanic Arts g

Agricultural Surveying, Agricultural Technology, Farm Me- g g chanics, Irrigation and Drainage, Roads, Rural Architecture, Rural g g Sanitation, Ironwork, Woodwork, Machine and Automobile wort g g etc. g The School of Commerce and Business Administration |

Accounting and Business Practice, Economics, Political Sci- g g ence, History, Sociology, Stenography, Typewriting, etc. g

The School of General Science g

Art, Bacteriology, Botany, Chemistry, English, Entomology, g = Foreign Languages, Geology, Mathematics, Music, Physiology, Zo- J g ology, etc. t

Any person 18 years of age or over is eligible to the vocational g g courses. g

g Fall term commences September 10. g

Write for catalog and illustrated circular. H

( The President: UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE f

LOGAN, UTAH|

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllH i Ill Ill i wumi mini in m mini imi| UimiMllinnil mm i I I immimnmmm imm

CHIROPRACTIC 1 Is a science tested and proved, and is giving relief to thousands of afflicted.

tell you where your troublesI Chiropractic eventually, why not now? Let me

are Consultation and spinal analysis free. Eight years'experience. Grad-

I uate of the Mother School. LADY ATTENDANT |

B. G. SANDGREN, D. C, Chiropractor

SALT LAKE OFFICE PROVO OFFICE 41214 Mclntyre Building 346 North Academy Avenue,

Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday Monday, Wednesday and Friday

Hours: 10:30-1 and 2-5 Hours: 2-5 and 7-8

1 Phone Wasatch 3786 Phone 41 INVESTIGATE AND BE CONVINCED

i iinmimiiimmminii iimimmmim nmiftllllilllillllllllilllllllllll '"'""ml1 "imnmiimnnmiiimmnmi nminnnnmi Ill

Improvement Era, June, 1917 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, Business ManagerJoseph F. Smith, ) jauorsF,. I Moroni Snow, AssistantEdward H. Anderson,

TABLE OF CONTENTS The Spirit of 1776 and the Spirit of Today Frontispiece

Each Day is Flag Day Now. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 663

Faith Nephi Jensen 665 A Study in American Hebraic Names Thomas W. Brookbank 669

Be Contented. A Poem Pearson's Weekly 676

Food Production and Conservation in Utah Dr. E. G. Peterson 677

Desolation of War 680 The First Farm in Dry Valley. Prize Story Elsie Chamberlain Carroll 681

Great Russian Duma in Session 688

Palestine of the Future J. M. Sjodahl 689

Beautiful Sunbeams. A Poem Mary B. Jenkin 690

Constantinople Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 691

Liberty for All. A Poem William Lloyd Garrison 693

The World Without Science Dr. F. S. Harris 694

The Russian Revolution 699 Outlines for Scout Workers—XVIII. Illustrated...Delbert W. Parratt, B. S 700

Brigham Young Preston Nibley 703

The Cooperative Plan of Salvation Dr. James E. Talmage 704

M. I. A. Officers of Denver, Colorado 706

The Useful Scout. Song with Music Lucy M. Green 707

Character—a Sermonet Robert J. Burdette 708

Weighed in the Balance. A Narrative Charles W. Kingston 710

The Girl who Changed Her Mind. A Story Henry Nicol Adamson 716

The New Presidency of Box Elder Stake 722

Moral Education of the Adolescent—XIII Newel K. Young 723

Zion's Temples. A Poem. Illustrated Minnie Iverson Hodapp 728

The United States and France Rene Viviani 730

Light, Life, Love. A Poem Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall 731

An Appeal for Service President Woodrow Wilson.... 732

Mr. President. A Poem B. S. Young... 734

On the Pioneer Trail We're Marching. Song with

Music Evan Stephens 735 Editors'Table—Unchastity the Dominant Evil of

the Age President Joseph F. Smith 738

Messages from the Missions 743

Priesthood Quorums'Table 748 Mutual Work 749 Passing Events 751 Joseph Smith as Scientist.

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

One of the best scientific expositions of the teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith yet published.

Cloth Binding 75c Paper Binding 25c Send orders to MORONI SNOW, COURSE BOOKS 20.-22 Bishop's BIdg, GeneralSalt LakeSecretary,City

For 191718 ARE READY for YOU.

Write for oir Price TXLEPBONR. fTatmuktil

List.

Jos. Win. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer SWI&fcY SCHOOL Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, and Morgue union Show Rooms OFFICE OFEN DAT AND NIGHT BOOK STORE fl IS and 25 South West Temple Street 44 Ea.sr on SoTemple SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

For SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA Take The SALT LAKE ROUTE The Direct Line TyaveFMorelLocaily"** \ TWO CRACK TRAINS: I #ZittleCost% "Los Angeles Limited"

"Pacific Limited"# Oregon Shortlinm

DAILY f HALF FARE SUNDAYSSLIGHTtYMORE

SATVRDAYS"MONDAYS.

Jsk—!BiBiaa&isiismimuRminirrrJuuimuiiHiM](iiMitwiruiitnmtniitiTniim4utiiiMHiinuiiH]itrrrf%.your\4&ni tor Details

fm. Warner, A. G.?. A.

Salt Lake Cityr Utah.

WHEN WRIT1NC TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Utah's Most Popular MusicEDISONHouse"Diamonddisc PHONOGRAPHS They RB'QRETITB Musie

inNumerous great artists—singers and

in diBtr imentalists—have sung and played

reet comparison with EDISON'S RECREA-

TION of their work. And the musical critic; of more than 100 of America's leading

papers, in the columns of their own pipers—admit, that they cannot distinguish

betiveen an artist's voice or instrumental performance and EDISON'S RECREA-

TION of it.

Mention the ERA, and ask for Catalog "OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protectsyour family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION about plan our Ask helps which accumulate you to DOLLARS estate an at the same time yot are protecting family. your

WE WANT GOOD AGEN'i S IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joseph F. Smith, President Vermont BIdg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePres. & Mgr.

Farm W4/V\]l gmpan SO STORES |MPLEHENT5| DIRECTORS IN JOSEPH F. SMITH GEO. T. ODELL

W. 8. MoCORNICK G. G. WRIGHT VEHICLES UTAH THOMAS R CUTLER JAMES. H. MOYLE AND WILLIAM SPRY C. S. BURTON

HEBER SCOWCROFT JA8. L. WRATHALL, W. W ARMSTRONG MALCOLM A. KEY8ER

R. P. MORRIS GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA