rovemen

': ":; \&A

JANUARY, 1934

Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah ODlto Stain (xm H? Wmw ft

in you a

wishing people a Happy New Year, but All of us-—all the time—are

WHAT DO WE EVER DO TO MAKE THOSE WISHES COME TRUE?

We have no way of knowing what you are going to do, but we are willing to go on record with our resolutions. Here they are:

FOR OUR READERS—FOR OUR ADVERTISERS—

We are going to prepare a magazine which The best medium for the advertisement of will be good for every member of the family and highgrade products in the intermountain West, all of the friends of the family. We expect to because we have the best grade of readers to be

covers, bebeautiful twelve furnish you with found in any country who want wholesome, fine stories, thirty or more this one; with ginning

each good for the soul, by the best writers who dependable merchandise along with fresh and contribute to our pages; more than 100 articles, dependable editorial content.

illustrated; fully 150 poems by the best of our

paintings of reproductions twelve singers; sweet things FOR THE WORLD—good of other artists; and loads by Utah

in the messages, the department, Your Page and Love for all that is fine and good, and stiff

Ours. opposition to all that is evil or that is designed

FOR OUR CONTRIBUTORS—to destroy /theBodies, the Minds, or the Souls

... We have in our hearts love and the heartiest of men.

good wishes for a successful year.

Year's Resolutions. There they are—Our New

THE BUSINESS AND EDITORIAL STAFFS

The IMPROVEMENT ERA 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Heber J. Grant, Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor

EDITORIALS ''While We Hail the Bright New Year"H R Me ill 32 'Try the Spirits"32 Why Can't We Understand Each Other? 33

ARTICLES essage Greeting and A M '.'."-—-.———- -,JJ.:"1- - the1 First/-N rPresidency Pl1J.Older The IT:Universities of Cambridge..U. and Utah's First Marionette Show S. fromTEngland—Oxford Beal Margot 20

>r. Arrfour L. ee/ey 7 Results of Outdoor Story Picture Contest 24 The Colonization of "Ogden Hole"Glen Perrins 14 in the Women Modern World Dr. Nelson 25 Lowry Other Side The Martvin F. Jonas 16 The "Bookworm"Child 29 The Power of Truth 1 George 8 Jordan Wm. Frontispiece The Alice 6 M. Home

FICTION Career The Blood.... of Kings FlorenceMabelH. S.ToivnsendHarmer 104 TheThe BelovedCloser BondCinderella(Play) MaryHelenImlayHinckleyTaylor 2227

POETRY Request Margaret 23 M. Brown Bells Christmas Elsie E. Barrett 39 Hospital J. Margaret Cole Silver. 26 Star One Veneta Nielsen L. 39 Faith Adele Macalister 28 Bells Faraway Edgar D. Kramer 39 StreetOne Way Edgar D. 34 Kramer Those Threads of Gray 3 9 R. Ackley Hugh CrucifixionThe Linnie F. Robinson 39 Best the of Poems Volume 3 8Winter Landscape Eleanor 3 9 Chaffee A. of the Dream The Gleaners Helen M. Van Cott 46Twinkle Tree Alberta 3 9 Christensen H. Little to Prophecy Ode A 5 y. Eggertson 9

DEPARTMENTS Church Schools and Seminaries 40 Men M 50Melchizedek Priesthood 4 Gleaner Girls 5 1

TeachingWard 42 Junior Girls 52Aaronic Priesthood 43 Vanguards 53Executive 4

Era and Publicity 47 Scouts 54

Adults 4 8 BeeHive Girls 55 Seniors 49 WE DO OUR PART Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and Department of Education

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Ballard,Melvin General J. Mgr. EXECUTIVE EDITORIAL AND OFFICESat Entered the Office, Post SaltClarissa A. Beesley, Associate NORTH Mgr. 50 MAIN STREET, SALT CITY, LAKE UT. City, Lake Utah, as secondclass Copyright, 1932, by the Young Men'sO. Mutual B. Peterson, Improvement Business Mgr.

Association matter. Corporation the Acceptance for of mailing Church Jesus at of ChristGeorge Morris, O.

Saints. of Latterday rights All reserved. special rate of postage provided for C.Katie Jensen Subscription price, $2.00 in year, a advance; in section 1103, of Act October, Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized 2, 1918 July

"Delphinium and Roses,"by Mary Teasdel gs&% R Message

Fro\ ana Greetings The First Presidency intolerable conditions which preceded him.

of the Church of Jesus Without reserve we endorse the attitude of the

President of the United States when he says: 'To

Christ of Latterday Saints take the life of a person without due process of law is murder."It has always been, and still continues

to be a doctrine fundamental the of that: ChurchINoutoura yearChristmasago to Greetingour Brethrenand andMessage,Sisterssentof life eternal has not murderer "The abiding in him."

are not our the Church, and many friends who Notwithstanding vexatious the delays the of affiliated to the called attention wide with it, we laws, the uncertainty of the verdict to be prospread confusion and distress which prevailed nounced by judge or jury, by which violators of among the people of the world, a condition never the law who are obviously guilty are too frecircumstances. experienced before under similar quently acquitted loose turned and the comon

elevators overSurrounded with by abundance, munity, to again kill, or kidnap admonish rob, we flowing with wheat, warehouses stored to capacity members of the Church to refrain from participagoods, millions of our fellow with manufactured tion in acts of lawlessness, to advise others and necessities citizens were without the common of life. to all refrain association from with mobs.

These people did not ask for charity, they pled As Christmas comes and passes, and we contemfor work, for occupation by means of which they plate its importance to us, and the people of the might honestly earn a stipend which would enable world we forget, for the moment the earthly their to families the for providethem common burdens bear: which depression, we the world our

necessities their for the children opporof life, and depleted account, bank the falls note which due is entitled. to childtunity of education every which the first of the on Year, turn with as we New

Through the liberality of a beneficent governresistible impulse to the shepherds who kept watchirment, and the liberal contributions of those who oyer their flocks by night on the hills of Judea, and were more fortunately situated, agencies were with them shout: "Glory to God in the Highest,

established for the distribution of needed aid, with and on earth peace, good will toward men."

the result that winter passed with little, if any, "And the Angel said unto them: Fear not: for,

actual suffering. We enter the present winter witj? behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy.

general conditions greatly improved, but by no For unto you is born this day in the city of David means entirely composed. a Savior, which is Christ the Lord."

The relief agencies to which reference has been Christ, the long expected Redeemer of mankind, greater efficiencymade, are operating with than the Son earth. had come to In of God the Himheretofore. to members of the Church We appeal fulfilled, law the of Moses was of death bands

who may be in financial circumstances to justify, with which man had been fettered from the beliberallyto give in support of the agencies which ginning of time are broken. we As think of him

the States,have been the Government, set up by the sting of death tolerable, is made more the the Counties, cities and private charitable organivictory of the grave is swallowed up in the hope zations, to the end that the necessities of the needy of a glorious resurrection.

may be provided for during the present winter. "And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent

During the year that has passed since our last in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth

message, great political changes have come to our did quake, and the rocks rent; and the graves were

country. Among these the repeal of the eighteenth opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept

amendment to our Federal Constitution, which arose, and came out of the graves after the resurprohibited the manufacture or sale of intoxicating rection, and went into the holy city, and appeared liquors within the area of the United States, is unto many."(Matt. 27:5153.)

the reachingperhaps most far and important. That the spirit of the Christ may pervade this

It is that obvious these changed tide, conditions Christmas should have little, if any, effect upon the members and incline theof the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Its members have always stood for temperance; hearts of men

they still stand for temperance, and should the world over unitedly use their influence for the enactment of to peace, frarational laws which will hold the liquor traffic ternity and love in proper restraint, that we may never return is our earnest to the golden age of the bootlegger, or the prayer for all.

CAREERBy MABEL SPANDE HARMER

off our that the load is of making "So now THE in answer a rite Martha laughed was minds,"Christmas cake as much in the Mathews family as trimming to his banter.

the tree or hanging the stockings. "Santa Claus is tummin',"reEveryone participated from Daddy, marked Maizie, solemnly.

who cracked the nuts, down to "And Aunt Louise,"added small Maizie, whose chief contriDonald.

bution was getting in everyone's "Oh, to dinner? Well then,

way generally and 'scraping the perhaps there won't be room for pan'after the greater part of its me.

contents had been transferred to the "No,"Donald was a bit probaking dish. voked at his uncle's stupidity, "of

favorcourse not to dinner! Santa Claus Dr. Jim—uncle and arch

is just coming to bring us presents ite of the Mathews tribe—entered

unannounced via the back door just and Aunt Louise is coming to stay as preparations had reached the two whole weeks."

dramatic stage of having great Jim turned to his sister. "Is

handfuls of chopped raisins added Frank coming too?"

to the main ingredients. "No. She says that Frank is

"Fe, fi, fo, fum, I smell,"came going to some lodge near San Fran- a deep voice. cisco to spend the holidays with

"Hi, you ain't smelled nuthin'friends."Martha's voice rather inyet! Wait till she starts bakdicated a lack of approval.

ing,"shouted eight year old "I understand that they've been

Donald. "Oh, my dear, such grammar!"doingresumed.pretty well down there,"Jim

reproved his mother.

"We can't be bothered with "Financially, yes. Frank is a

grammar at a time like this, can we, good business man."

Sonny?"said Dr. Jim, rubbing "Well, aren't they getting along

Donald's head much as one would all right otherwise?"

a pet puppy's. "Yes, as far as I know."Mar-

"Jim! how can you expect me to tha's tone did not carry complete

teach these children anything when conviction. Louise is considering

you come right along and spoil taking up her music professionally them?"again. She says she must have

"I never said I expected you to something to take up her time. She

teach them anything, did I? And may go East to study soon after

spoiling them is my special priviChristmas."

lege. You've always spoiled me, Martha poured the cake batter

now it's my turn."into the waiting tins and handed

Martha laughed and went back the almost empty pan over to the to mixing the cake. expectant Maizie.

"How soon do we get a piece?""Come into the living room

asked Jim presently. Jim,"she said after the cake was

ages "It's been the in oven, till for safe "Not Christmas—not

since you."with a good talk I had weeks,"remarked three whole

. * Anne with emphasis.

"Well, I'll get some anyway. J]IM followed his sister

I'm coming to dinner. Lots of into the cheerful room and settled

into a people wanted me but I said—no, down

I'll give the Mathews family the large armchair preference. They always have the before the glowbiggest turkey."i n g fireplace.

t>

A baby, a real live baby, is cute in a bathbasin. Dear old Martha knew it

for she had babies of her own.

"Take your time,"he said, stretchsparkling eyes as she let him out the ing his long legs out, "Because as front door and sent him away with soon as you finish I shall feel duty a sisterly kiss.

bound to be on my way—and I'd Late that evening after Martha

much rather stay here."had seen the last of her brood off

"Are you working too hard, to bed, there came a knock at the

Jim?"Martha could not resist front door, which she opened to

mothering everyone who came her find Jim standing on the porch way. with a tiny blanketwrapped figure

"Hard enough,"he admitted. in his arms.

"Winter always brings so much "I have a package for Mrs. Spenmore sickness. I had a bad case cer Mathews marked 'Handle with

last night. Mrs. Geoghan down care',"he began.

on Wilson Lane died.""Stop your nonsense and come

"Oh, Jim, how terrible! What in,"said Martha, and as he stepped

are they going to do?"inside she took the baby from him

"The father says he can manage and quickly began removing its the two older children—but he numerous coverings.

hasn't a soul to take care of the The bit of humanity disclosed baby. He wants me to find a home stretched out a tightly doubled fist

for it."and then snuggled it back against

"Why the very thing!"she exhis cheek without opening his eyes.

claimed with surprising animation. "Don't you dare wake him,"

"Bring it to me."cautioned Jim, "or I shall have to

"Sure, that would be fine for you take him riding again. He was

to take it for a day or two until doing a regular Caruso act before a home could be found."I put him in the back seat of the

"Oh, no! I want it to keep."car. However from now on—that "Nonsense, Martha—-what in is your worry, not mine."

the world do you want with anis it?"said Mar- "Oh—it's a boy,

other baby?"tha, softly, "Spencer, come quickly

"What does anyone want with and see. Jim! he has red hair!"

another baby? To love it and take "Sure,"said Jim proudly, "Red

care of it, of course. Maizie is three headed ones are the hardest kind to

now and it wouldn't seem half like get. Besides you didn't specify any

Christmas without a baby."color. You can be glad his skin

"Well you could wait a while, is white."

couldn't y o u,"he drawled, "I think red hair is class,"vol- "Haven't I done pretty well by you unteered Spencer, "I'll bet he grows in the past? What would Spencer up to be a fighter."

say about a short order to the "Might do, at that,"continued stork?"Jim, "He's Irish."

"Jim, I'm in dead earnest. Please "How old is he?"asked Martha.

bring me that baby tonight. Can "Just three weeks, and he can

it be done without a lot of red walk, talk and ride a bicycle."

tape?""Come on, Baby,"said Martha

'Yes,"practically none as long gathering him up, "there's a nice::m

as the father gives it if warm bed waiting for you. Be away—andyou're really determined—"he sure you leave me a formula for

stood up and began drawing on his feedings,"she called back to his big coat. Jim as she disappeared with the

"I'm really baby into the bedroom.

determined, Jim,"she an- T HE children's delight swered with when they discovered the unexThe Improvement Era for January, 1934

pected arrival the next morning affairs and her plans of going East was hard to control and Martha to study.

The Frontispiece "Won't Frank miss you terwas much relieved when she had packed the elder two off to school By ALICE MERRILL HORNE ribly?"

head. doubt "I her Maizie's doubtful asand only Louise shook had

rare a ROSES/'r\ELPHINIUM AND dis- I sosistance been for the have bath. it very much. Cali- -I—'in still life, originating her own

Their excitement was raised to a fornia garden is by the Utah Artist, Maty contented and cross of late that he higher pitch the following day by Teasdel. The classic which appears as may even be glad to get rid of me."

Era, in the January, Frontispiece 1934 protested Martha, as no!""Oh, theirthe arrival of Aunt Louise flavor the old master of has something at her sisterin-law's glanced in she sister ofcharming, golden haired delightful of and tts subtle arrangement

their father's. She was just as devaried blues spread in interesting design by lovely face.

lighted to see them and compliuse of delphinium and pieces of pottery. Louise entered with a zest into

that attends Teastenderness always The the activities of varied Mathews the in turn each the marmented on is there. canvases just busy doubly household, now since her del attainedvelous growth in difficult quality, pink so flower The for preparations the with manylast visit before. years two otherwise canvas, roses, keeps her which

She had hardly been allowed to might appear to be somewhat crowded, Christmas. Each child begged her

of serious matter the in dignity. airy. love her loose and No assistance We her anMaizie hat beforeremove

is tickle the effort eye to with unmade gifts she pushed for and shopping a proudly, gotnounced "We've this blandishments. avoid necessary To at the crowds through and labored

stiffness. baby."she hasnew bordered on almost the five and dime stores as she had

queried is life doll?"baby story Tepsdel's a new of "A Mary The years. for not done

little rich was a poor once Mary to classic. as sweetly, she stoopedLouise tried also to relieve Martha She it girl noble of father thought whose kiss.give another Maizie duties, household the of the of to provide some brothers for parents and

"No,"interposed Donald stoutwomen of their household. Mary could greatly increased now with the adprofessional the art of to the point real, aly,"live baby and it drinks study chilas the "Pat"dition of small

artist; compatible not than that was more a bottle."from him. named promptly dren had successful his in father's position with her

"And cries,"added Maizie. business life. Mary was intelligent and Martha sometimes met Louise's

"Not very much,"said Anne, ambitious. She began religiously to save offer of help with the suggestion

ultimate the hope allowance with to quickly Baby's defense, hercoming or give the baby she undress of that career. art her with hopes an crowning "it's a very baby."and good amused it a bottle. She was three years art she studied pinching along By

"Why, Martha,"said Louise in in Paris. She won, with a portrait, a place in puzzled to see the struggle that was

surprise, "you didn't tell us. When the Paris Salon, the first woman, though caused by each attempt to do somedid this happen?"Harwood her teacher and Lktllin her friend thing for the baby. Louise seemed

"Only yesterday. I'll tell you herand inadviserwinningin thisFrance,honor.had Maryboth gotprecededthree to enjoy handling him, once she

about it later."miniature portraits in the French exposihad made up her mind to it, but

That evening as the two women tion, but fortunately for her and her type she always seemed unwilling to sat alone before the fireplace Louise of mentality, and for her tendency toward make up her mind in the first place.

asked, "For goodness sake, tell me aoffreerthe handlingJames McNielof art, Whistlershe becamearta studentstudio, One day Martha threw her into about that baby. I'm burning which considerably broadened her scope and a near panic by suggesting that she

with curiosity."powers. Whistler though buffeted by acid bathe the baby. "Oh, I never

"There's nothing much to tell. critics, was dominating a new art world; could!"she cried. "I'd be sure to

field art to discovering the he was a I to adopt I just decided wanted spirit true design Japanese of and Chinese this one for can,"found and Jimbaby account. turning and European them to the drown"Nonsense—ofhim or somethingcourse youterrible."

me. Mary's interests led her into rich fields: said Martha in a matter of fact

"But what in the world did you art, music, gardening, architecture, wide tone, "and I simply must get these pies in the oven. You'll find allwant with another baby? Hardly reading,was vouchsafedconsiderablebeforetravel,the Teasdelmuch offinancialwhich

anyone in that his things has more than three nowlosses. too, in world ecoof Her interest,

adays."far. spread drawer—justtable and carried her nomic events on that them out

'Then hardly anyone knows On her return to Utah she took part in I'll test the water when you get it what she is missing. Four babies the Utah Art Institute as second president. in the tub."

are ever so much more fun than Sheportantalso canvaseswon statehangprizes,in theandStatethese Aliceimthree."Collection the in of Gallery Art the Dome to Louise went "But Capitol. adopt one? to returned again for I should She why Europe air a or die soon with work do and

study. collection comprehensive A think rather you one have would the infant the squirming of had on this thirtytwo paintings, representing of your own."table gingerly she unlife began of Teasdel's period when and several Mary

"So we would,"agreed Martha, years later spent in California, is now named fastening various pins.

for her City and by SmithReld owned "but this a needed one and home withbathing accomplished The in Library. Carnegie Public the and hangs besides we've a never red headhad the catastrophe, she tackled out called of these paintings small Each has been

ed one,"she added with a twinkle a poem by Lee Greene Richards, and already even harder ordeal of dressing the in her eye. eight artists have presented the collection child. After putting on his shirt

"Well,"said Louise, with a with one of their own works of art in three times before she could detershrug of her shoulders, "you're berecognitionMary Teasdel.of this deserved memorial to mine which was the right side, she

yond me. I only hope you won't finally completed the dressing and

Miss Teasdel is an art critic, minus the be sorry."vitriol that, too often attends the gift of held the baby up with a triumphant

"I hope I won't,"agreed Martha criticism which destroys instead of being sigh.

earnestly. constructive. "Now if you could just give me

The talk turned to Louise's own (Continued on page 62)

THE WINNING CAMBRIDGE EIGHT OF 1933

The chief athletic contest between Oxford and Cambridge Universities is the Annual boat race on the river Thames. In beating Oxford by two and a quarter "lengths"this year,

Cambridge set up a new record with ten consecutive wins. (The Times Copyright.)

The Older Universities of England

Oxford and Cambridge By DR. ARTHUR L. BEELEY

hundred, some two RHODES, Oxford and Cambridge! Who has not ofCECILthat "coarsegrain- undergraduhand-picked

ed"dreamer o f heard of them? In this article Dr. Beeley ates from all parts of the

South African fame, once gives a panoramic view of their influence Englishspeaking world. It

said: Oxford system "The

impractical,looks very yet among men. One gets the feeling that they himself,also explainsearly whyin hisRhodescareer,

eye—exceptwherever youin science—anturn your areof thegreatintellectpowerbutgeneratingof the Spirit.plantsThisnotisonlythe leftgo "up"the diamondto that minesancientto

Oxford man is on top."seat of learning.

Such, by the way, is the second article concerning the older univerWhat really is the secret faith that underlies the sities of England written for The Improveof Oxford's greatness? And

famous Rhodes scholarship of Cambridge, too, for it scheme which brings to ment Era by Dr. Beeley. The former one is equally eminent? What

Oxford a constant stream appeared in the August number. forces and traditions have

8 The improvement Era for January, 1934

conspired to than half of the students collegetutorial system. There are

of live in colleges in each the these and about twenty collegesmake universities,,.-., -v: hotels the of these universities; the average numtwo universities the most and the rest live in priber of students in each college is

distinguished vate lodgings in the viabout 160 at Oxford and about institutions cinity of their particular 270 at Cambridge. Professor Ernest

of their kind college. As a result of Barker (Universities of Great Briin the world? this common life, which tain) defines such a college as a unit

It cannot be they share for almost both of residence and of education their architectwenty-four hours of in which both teachers and students tural beauty the day, the students join together in a common life.

alone, unique profoundly influence Each college has its own staff of as that is. Is one another's lives and teachers ("fellows") who give perit their age, personalities. By the sonal instruction to the students.

for they are wise regulation and enThis frequent, personal associaboth over tion of teacher tostudent, hunandseven the with getherdred years of class absence Surelyold?

it is not their instruction, is, '': Ssfe&ESSK without doubt,size, for::r.:::--::/

effectthe most Engmany National By permission teaching i v e 1 Gallery, Po'rtrait London i s h and techniqueAmerican It is universities (e. g., London and known.

California) have a much larger stucalculated to indent enrollment. Is it not, rather, spire as well as

the superb quality of their intelto instruct. This

lectual life; the great men and the particular form

significant movements they have o f pedagogical produced; their consistent emphasis relationship has

upon what H. A. L. Fisher has been the subject

of frequent unaffected called andaply "a hearty by all comment interest of the things mind;"in the

upon the spirit of discovery and the sorts of writers, so none receiveeagerness to and impart but s a whimsical us see. Letknowledge?

that of Stephen CNE of the specific reasons for Leacock (My the eminence of these two uniDiscovery o f versities is that they have always England), who been more national in scope than observes:

any of their contemporaries, despite the fact that they are both "It is from him, located in small, provincial towns or(therathertutor)withthathimthe of about sixty thousand populastudents learn all tion. Of the 5,600 fulltime stuthat they know.

dents at Cambridge in 193031, for * * * I gather that example, less than one hundred whattutor doesan isOxfordto get were residents of Cambridge and a little group of its environs. Of the 4,600 stustudents together

dents at Oxford, in this same year, and smoke at them.

been Men who have localonly 44—all women—were systematicresidents. years turn The Great Gate at Trinity College, ally smoked at for four The international scope of these London ripe scholars."into

two universities is indicated by the chalk from Newman their Above—Cardinal distinctive feature of perfact that cent of over ten A. A NOTHER R. Richmond, drawing by George foreignstudents counfrom come and Combridge both Oxford

tries and from various parts of the is that the university, as such, is

British Empire outside of the Britcouragement of these extraaca- essentially a federation of the colish Isles. demic contacts the older universities leges, each one of which is more or

These facts, in turn, explain anhave thus made possible a second less autonomous, and remains the other distinguisheducation which some, like Carunit of education and administraing feature of Oxdinal Newman, have held to be tion. The chancellor, masters and

ford and Camthe more developmental of the two. scholars of Oxford, for example,

bridge, namely, There is, perhaps, no feature of form a corporate body within their residential the older universities which has which the colleges are so many incharacter. More been so universally praised as their dividual corporations. The chanThe Improvement Era for January, 1934

cellor is usually an eminent person sons"and not of "all things fit for could be admitted to the B. A. dein public life, elected by the govstudy."gree at Oxford. The national reerning body of the university for The probable origin of Camaction against this form of bigotry

an indefinite period. At the presbridge University, less than a cenbecame so widespread that it finally

ent time, Viscount Grey is Chantury after Oxford began, has been resulted in the movement which cellor of Oxford and the Hon. suggested by John Willis Clark (A created the "newer"universities,

Stanley Baldwin is Chancellor of Guide to the Town and Univerbeginning with University College,

Cambridge. The vicechancellor, sity of Cambridge), as follows: London, in 1828.

is executive resident striking the thehowever, Equally has been teacher his "Some on travels—perhaps university; he universities reluctance the the older of ofhead is nomiat of time the Stourbridge have Fair—may chancellor the annually asnated attracted students to lectures and audience; his by an have admit women may

and must be the head of a college. been popular, and he may have been asked as teachers. While Oxford and

to repeat in the year; following them established both Cambridge womgreat monasteries the of Fenland, and

colleges as early as the 1870'sTF, as is often held, there are two thethe smaller the of in en's houses Orders same kinds of knowledge, exact Cambridge, may have associated themselves women students were, nevertheless, knowledge and the ineligible for degrees knowledge of values, until after the World then it is clear that CamWar. Moreover, women

bridge has excelled largewere not appointed to ly in the domain of the teaching posts at Camformer and Oxford bridge until 1926 and chiefly in the realm of at Oxford until 1927.

the latter. This is not

to imply that Oxford "DUT the undying has spurned or neglected fame of Oxford and research; one need only Cambridge, as of any

to recall the Oxford Dicuniversity, lies in the tionary to correct such a number of great men judgment. Yet it is a they have produced and

wellknown fact that the wide range of sigCambridge occupies an nificant movements they unrivalled position in have fostered. Judged

the fields of pure and by the biblical criterion, applied science, just as "By their fruits ye shall

Oxford has been withknow them,"their out a peer in the arts and achievements in this reas a training ground for spect are unsurpassed.

statesmen, diplomats and civil servSir Isaac Newton Statesmanship and "majestic ants generally. pose"have been the proverbial

this educational the movement; of for reoutput Consider, Oxford. other points These and many element of withquired of permanency have may great political leaders example, such differencesimilarity between and thus been gradually, gained so, very; and

Oxford and Cambridge cannot be the little body may have developed an as Palmerston, The Elder Pitt, fully understood apart from their organization of the required type, with a Gladstone, Lord Salisbury and Sir

Rector after of Masters; and a body which Peel,rise to only a few. their Robert in mention the Middle and Ages

called a of being Studium field historical the scholarship In of Period. inexpansion the Modern equivalent medieval of a theGenerate—thedistinction are greater there started institutions than names no fromBoth short modern in a very university-—would

small beginnings and "broadened time be conferred upon the new body. William Stubbs, Frederick W.

slowly down from precedent to From the start, Cambridge has Maitland and Lord Bryce, who, precedent,"until they became what been a friendly rival of Oxford. It with such social reformers as Wilthey now are, "stately associations is said that as early as 1209, the liam Morris and John Ruskin, are

of learned men."teaching at Cambridge was good but a sample of the Oxford proOxford, with Paris and Bologna, enough to attract students from duct.

was one of the three great medieval Oxford, and that "from that date, While science has never been the universities that arose in the latter Cambridge flourished."major preoccupation at Oxford, she

half of the twelfth century; they can justly claim to have produced

became models for most of the TT would take us too far afield to many great thinkers among whom other institutions of higher learndeal, even sketchily, with the might be mentioned Robert Boyle, ing in Western Europe. Oxford rich history of these medieval seats "whose greatest delighte was in

first became a studium generate, of learning, except, perhaps, to note chymistrey,"and who counted that is, a recognized school of that, with a few striking excepamong his pupils Christopher higher learning, about 1163. This tions, they have generally been the Wren, England's greatest scholardesignation, by the way, did not strongholds of religious orthodoxy. architect, and John Locke, her outmean "a school of study for all For generations their religious tests standing philosopher. In the medsubjects,"but, as Sir Charles Roblimited the admission of students ical sciences she can also claim John

ertson (British Universities) to members of the Church of EngHunter, the great anatomist, Wilpoints out, merely a school or land. In fact, it was not until liam Harvey, the pioneer physiolcenter of studies "for all fit per1858 that a conscientious dissenter (Continued on page 34)

Etta needed some ancestors in order to meet the specifications laid down by Bill's mother', and ancestors turn uf in the most amazing fashion.

Etta told all—about Bill and Bill's

mother, about the ancestors, about everything. About the beachcomber

King and Sawdust Sue. * * * Hallie

was squealing with delight when she finished.

THE BLOOD By ILLIAM ALEXwas Florence Hartman space.long thatShe hedidgrewnot nervousmove forandso JR.ANDER W.SPRAGUE,

spite of himself. in around lookedacutely his office that conscious Townsend at laughing stood she And there therefore opening, hedoor was

frowned more intently than ever frowns and lipbiting and tracings him. They both laughed. He

at the papers in front of him. It with his finger so she would know rose, holding out his arms.

was out of his range of vision, but that he didn't know that she was "Etta, you rogue!"

he knew, too, that Miss Callender's there. It was a sort of game. "Bill, you fraud!"

golden head was in the opening and The door closed noiselessly beBut she went to his arms withthat Miss Callender's blue eyes hind her and she stood leaning out the slightest reluctance. He

were regarding him questioningly. against it, still regarding Mr. lifted her presently to a seat on the

He went into a perfect agony of Sprague across the luxurious office desk.

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 11

"Well?"she inquired. anything but me. Drat ancestors! ing notes on her pad. "And the

"It's all right. We'll just be I don't care whether I had any or genealogist is Miss McCarr?"

married anyway."not. All I want is my little golden "Something like that."

So mama said no r girl.""Thanks, Billy boy. Now, any

"Mama said 'no.'To be exact "But that's not getting her viewletters?"

she said it three times, 'no, no, no,'point, Bill. All the ancestorfar isn't like to the confinedjust that."worship the desk slid off SHE here right it terribly funny. east. of it There's gobs thought They dictation. his to take and sat down

"And another white man bit the in Philly; people who spend thouThe letters had accumulated. They

dust, eh?"sands of dollars having their worked for an hour. There were.""He did not. There's just one ancestry traced. Who—briefs to fill out and a dozen legal

person in this world who can make "I know it. Mother's at it now. documents to go over. When they

me bite dust and that's you, preShe has already had the paternal had finished Etta rose and faced cious. You won't give me a dusty skeletons dragged out and she's him. She put her hands on his

answer will you, Etta? You will going to the capitol Wednesday to shoulders.

marry me in spite of mother?"see a Miss McCarr or somebody "Bill, I love you. I love you in

Etta shook her smooth golden about her mother's people, the spite of your ancestors. But this

head. "What can't go on. I can't go into a famdid she say ily that would look down on me.

about me, exIt's soactly? is ever little episode // this charmingeasy to condemn be body will your Hobbs, mentioned,

people we don't found floating down the Delaware in know."your winter underwear. Now get that

"Does it mattray sent up pronto."

ter?""Yes, it matters a lot. I

mean to get her viewpoint if I can. Maybe there are obstacles t o remove. And

how can I remove them if I don't know what they are? Mrs. Sprague held the paper a trifle

What are her closer and read again.

prejudices?"

"For one thing she said you were Kings. What dif-

a mere stenographer. It was useference it makes I

less for me to tell her you couldn't can't see. They're

be mere if you tried. Then she all dead, but darn

says you are socially and historit, I'm alive and I ically a nobody. The Callenders, want to live now,"

it seems, are not on Philadelphia's he said fiercely.

social roster. She does not recog- "But I don't matnize the name as having any finanter because I'm not

cial, political, professional, military dead—and I'm not

or marine significance, whereas the an ancestor!"

."Etta laughed aSpragues, you know—

"Yes, I know."silvery little laugh

They sat staring a moment in and rumpled his silence. hair.

"I'm just a nobody; that's it, "You are someisn't it? And Spragues cannot body's bad little

marry nobodies. I don't suppose boy."

my own personal accomplishments He caught her would interest her? The fact, for hand and nibbled

instance, that I passed my bar exthe pink fingers.

amination last week with the "You say your highest average of any student in mother's going to night school. No. That's only Washington Wedme. I need some ancestors. That nesday?"

right, Bill?""Yes."

"In my opinion you don't need Etta was mak12 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

Tell your mother that for me."A few days later Hallie received her people. She had a feeling, Mrs.

She slipped a modest diamond ring a hasty communication from her Sprague did, that the noted Comoff her finger and laid it on his friend. It read, "Have the most modore King was her great grandpalm. thrilling job. It pays but a pitfather. Or perhaps Elkanah King,

"Etta! You're me tance in the coin of the realm, but the noted biographer of England,

! I'm working for a was her great grandfather, and up? not—giving in fun—

"Giving you up? No! I'm genealogist, Miss McCarr. Write Elizabeth King, who had married

going to fight for you as nobody me in care of Miss Henrietta Call, the Duke of Pomeroy, her great ever fought before. I don't know 906 Street. More later."aunt. At any rate, she was pretty

exactly what I'm going to do, but positive that she was directly deit's to nobility her be scended the something. going on from You not been had a mirIT air this side. to mother's not need your mention an with And acle that secured for the Etta had

it resignation will find mother. to that dared be Miss McCarr My It job with Miss McCarr. had departed. father's otherwise, desk your within Sprague Mrs. anon

a sense, been of mixture sound leaving, hour. Sprague, I'm It to take did not long Etta audacity, personality pluck. and Sprague today."Sprague tracing. learn the technique of And."really Miss needed hadn't McCarr "But, assidso traced ancestry never was andEtta—assistant, another Etta but had Bill.""Goodbye, as uously the same Mrs. was to to get gone that Washington * * * * ancestry. Sprague's maternal The job. the given She of had name

let Hallie that musty tomes Wethered gave up their When real herHenrietta Call—her name—so self that into the shared she apartment documents The legal far as it went. She become secrets! had

with Etta Callender she found the thoroughly established by Wednestold all they knew! The city,

latter sitting in the middle of the day. county and state records that, refloor, packing. She was glad Mrs. Sprague did lentlessly black and white, bore

"Etta!"not know her at sight. It would evidence of the deeds of men!

"Hello, Hal. Do call and see simplify matters immensely should Miss McCarr went to New Jerabout the next train to Washingthey come in contact with each sey. She returned a little blue,

ton, there's a dear."other now. Back at the office it more than slightly ashen. She sat

"To Washington?"had smarted a little to have Mrs. down heavily in the office and faced

'The capital of your country, Sprague sweep through the outer her new stenographer. She wasted

lovely, located in the District of offices with never a glance at the neither time nor words.

Columbia, a lady of much renown, poor ancestorless girls who pound- "Mrs. Sprague's great grandin the state of Maryland, proed typewriter keys for a living. father was a beach comber. Her

nounced M-e-r-r-y-1-a-n-d."Now, well, it was something to grandfather's sister kept a grog

"Now I know it's serious. Etta thank Providence for. shop at Bayville. From all accounts

Callender, tell me exactly what's Miss McCarr personally took the it wasn't a pretty place. She was

the matter!"facts of Mrs. Sprague's King anknown as Sawdust Sue. The

"Nothing. At least, nearly cestry as far as Mrs. Sprague knew grandfather's mercantile establishnothing. A haughty old ancestor it, which wasn't far, only to her ment was a fish market. He had a

merely toed me out of the triplegrandfather, who had a mercantile brother who was a cooper. Recantennaed firm of Sprague, and I'm establishment in Madisonville, N. ords show him sued in the county

going down to Washington to tell J. She wanted to know all about courts for fraud."She paused.Uncle Sam about it. I've licked "And—I've got to tell her that!"

enough of his postage stamps that "I don't envy you."

he ought to be willing to lick Miss McCarr laughed. She

something for me, especially anycould appreciate a joke on herself.

thing as lifeless as an ancestor.""I may put it off on you,"she

Hallie, still hatted and cloaked, threatened.

walked with determined tread the "If the news were good news narrow space that separated them that would work. As it is, I imand lifted Etta's chin with her agine she would consider it a breach

hand. of confidence if she knew you told

"I knew it! You've been cryme.

ing! Who's been mean to you, The older woman nodded. "I

darling? Tell Hallie."guess you're right. Well, what

Her friend was on her knees behave you been doing in my abside her, stroking her hair. sence?"

"Oh, shut up! You know I "I've collected the data on the

never cry!"blowing her nose vigPerryton and Wainright families,orously on a handkerchief she had complete, I believe. And—"she

fished from Hallie's pocket. "I paused, flushing.

always take cold this kind of 'And'what?"

weather. Every time you see my "I've been tracing my own famnose running you think you're on ily, Miss McCarr. I wonder if

the trail of a sob story for your you'd mind looking over this when precious newspaper. You're hipyou have time, and verifying it

ped on the subject. Now get in "New Skii Trails"for me?"

that call."(Continued on page 57)

The Colonization of "OGDENGlen S. Perrins, newspaper man of Ogden, reviews the early history of that interesting country

surrounding his city. The photographs of the same

scene in Ogden taken fifty years apart give some idea

Miles Goodyear cabin, first home in of the city ys growth.

Ogden, now enclosed under roof on

Ogden tabernacle square.

Ogden, Looking West Towards Lake Fifty Years Ago Photo courtesy M. J. Compton.

seems a far away cry to hark Ogden was colonized with Amerden Valley, but it is well known

ITback to the days of George icans in control. Ogden really that Ogden tramped over the land

Washington in this the Censhould be named Brownsville, where the city now stands.

tennial year, yet the father of Browndale or some such name,

Captain James Brown, founder however, for it was Captain James TNDIANS came from far and and colonizer of Ogden, fought Brown who colonized the city. As near to trade at "Ogden Hole."

with Washington in the Revoluit is the honor falls to Peter Skene Over mountain passes they came tionary War. And just east of Ogden, a Hudson Bay Company one route above the city along

where Ogden stands today a "revofur trapper who lived in the valley Ogden Canyon is still known as lutionary War"was fought bein the early 1800's. "the Indian Trail."The Indians

tween the American fur traders and As early as 1820 fur traders told camped at what is now 33rd Street the Hudson Bay fur traders. of "Ogden Hole"on the northeast and Weber River. The river botThe Americans succeeded in shore of Great Salt Lake. The toms there afforded good pasture

driving back the English and posexact locality of "Ogden Hole"was for their horses. Relics were later

sessing the territory, then a "vast possibly in the cove in the mounfound at this sandridge by white wilderness of perpetual snow, Intains where North Ogden now men and also on the bluff at Twendians and rattlesnakes and worthstands. Some argue that it was tyninth Street and Adams Avenue

less land"as Webster said, and above Ogden proper today in Ogwhere there is a brickyard.

By GLEN PERRINS

HOLE

Tomb of James Brown, Captain of Mormon Battalion, and founder of Ogden, located in the Ogden cemetery

The narrow pass now famous as come (in 1843) and gone, as had stand and fire through openings at "Devil's Gate"in Weber Canyon Jedediah S. Smith, Captain Bonattackers. The portholes were

was also traveled by the Indians neville and other explorers. Over made by cutting off the top of a

and white trappers alike, long bethe Indian trails trappers came, log in the wall at a height of about fore the Pioneers of 1847 crossed some of them on their way to Old 9 feet. Other logs were set just

the plains to Utah. The hard Fort Hall, 10 miles west of where outside the line of the wall so as to name, "Devil's Gate"was given the Pocatello, Idaho, now stands—-said conceal the riflemen from view.

pass by the early trappers even in to be the first white settlement west There were Indians in those days those days before the colonizing of of the Rockies. who tried many times to raid the

"Ogden Hole."Many a party Miles Goodyear liked "Ogden Goodyear stockade where the trapbound for California at a later date Hole"so well that he built himper and his men and their Indian

left wagons behind as they tried to self a stockade there of logs, six to squaws lived and kept their sleek cross through the narrow pass with eight inches thick, set in the ground cattle. Cattle pens, about 150 feet

the swift river flowing below. and standing 12 to 14 feet high square, adjoined the main stockade

Ogden might have been the site about a plot of ground 100 feet on the northeast corner, and comof Salt Lake City had it not been square. The tops of the logs were municating with it. Portholes comfor this "Devil's Gate,"for it was tapered to a point. manded the approach to these pens

Jim Bridger who advised the Morin which were cattle and sheep and mon Pioneers to take the Hastings TwTILES had no plan to colonize over 100 whiteand-black Mexican route when they camped with him "Ogden Hole,"however. His goats. Miles also had beautiful

at Ft. Bridger, Wyoming, on July stockade was merely a trading post riding horses, a string of pacing

1 0, 1 847. When the Pioneers left for himself and his men, who saddle nags of the celebrated

him, instead of going over the Dihelped build several log cabins inOregon, or copperbottom strain.

vide as those who later did during side the stockade. It was a western Indian herders helped take care of

the colonizing of "Ogden Hole,"stronghold with little platforms these horses and the herd of milk the Mormons went into the valley built at convenient points along cows.

to the West. The Pioneers came the walls where riflemen could (Continued on page 35)

over the mountains to Emigration

Canyon July 24, 1847, and thus—andavoided thethe colonizing"Devil's Gate"of "Ogdenhazard

Hole"was delayed.

Jim Bridger's "neighbor,"Miles

Goodyear, a slim, little redhaired man of Connecticut, with freckles spotting his sandy complexion and with freckles and red hair on the backs of his wrists, however, preferred the route over the divide to the one followed by the Pioneers.

He liked "Ogden Hole."It was

now his fur trading post.

Peter Skene Ogden had faded out of the picture shortly after the battle in the canyon east of

Ogden between the American and

British fur traders, and Miles

Goodyear had stayed on. Lieutenant John Charles Fremont had also

Osden Today Looking Toward the

Lake

Marwin Jonas, one of the greatest football centers that ever was produced in the intermountain West, in this very interesting article gives his reactions to -professional football.

Jonas, by the way, has been an outstanding M Man in the Mutual Improvement organizations of Salt Lake City where he is now teaching school.

The SID OTHER

Jonas's team waiting for the train

spiration of leaders so necessary now in everything?

I know of no "pro"team who has an "Ike"Armstrong for a coach. The nearest approach to

him at present is his own friend,

Potsey Clark, Portsmouth Coach, for whom Dutch Clark played, but course it would be a sorry most devout exponents of profeseven he cannot instill lifegiving received football, sional yet both perto profession follow his as Ike into inspiration menOF their glory, their fame, most glad I'm of does. manently and truly Ike I'm is a dominant

through."This is the sentiment their friends, and most of their opexample to any football player or

in regard to professional football portunities through their collegiate to any youth. Ike is a man who

as expressed by the greatest player football, but money does make abstains from liquors, tobaccos and their people change some is inin minds. profanity. e c a d d the present He a man who e—Earl endeavor it will Therefore, be my the desire to Clark be clean the Clark. had stills one with"Dutch"

distinction of being the AllAmer- to present some of the unheard of of body, mind and soul. He enican quarterback in college and in phases of professional football courages diligent scholastic study.

professional football. Statements which might incidentally vindicate School books are the vogue on the

such as this and the feelings of other the recent action of present football Pullmans when traveling. Pracprofessional stars as expressed to stars in refusing to give the protically every other team plays cards

me during my brief sojourn in fessional game a try. Critics have to consume time spent on trains.

professionalism, are enough to been severe on some players for Ike himself has learned and taught cause all of us to wonder just what their refusing to consider profesit is, about professional football, sionalism and I think it has been unjust hope and that my conis, its very sothat is twofaced—that substantiated. clusions will be the attractive so and yet, inbeing

final analysis, not attractive at all. It seems as though it was Red

During the past few years it has Grange who struck the keynote of been our pleasure to read only those the differences in the two types of articles which favored the profesfootball when he said that college sional contest over the amateur football has two things that procollegiate contest, namely those by fessional football does not: (1)

Red Grange and Benny FriedPregame emotional frenzy; (2) Inman.* They have been two of the spiration of great coaches. To

is very imphase me, the second article in a national *Friedman in an in Is it not important attitude portant. the recently took samemagazine

as expressed here by Jonas. all walks of life? Isn't the inAn idle moment

MARWIN F. JONAS

Waiting for the signal

all of us that the best scholars are Of the types of coaches men- a "pro"game is a very colorless the finest and most dependable tioned, you conscientious parents affair—no snap, no zest, no dash,

athletes. Professional football canknow whom you would have your no extra effort. The only thing

not possibly match this type of son influenced by. Youths, you the player has in mind while playcoaching. Neither can the inspirknow whom you would aspire to ing is a handsome check that should

ing work of an Ott Romney be play with. Armstrongs, Romneys, follow each game. Thus, all havmatched. Rocknes, are not found in profesing the same incentive, they work

TN comparison let me describe the sional football. just enough to get by.

coach for whom I played as a Of course, professional players An element which is necessary successful for football, but which feel that they of are not consumed in need man who"pro"—a lacking in professionalism is the feel leaders. as is tobacco than a inspirational day in onemore They

good smoker does in one week, and though they know enough now utter lack of fun. Athletics just

most of that being done while on and need not be inspired to that aren't athletics when this element the field of practice. He swore more frenzied emotional pitch. Most of of fun is removed. Possibly this

vehemently and more often than them feel as though they know as excerpt from an article appearing the proverbial mule team driver. much as the coach. While watchin a magazine will illustrate my

He was a man who permitted uning a professional game, the specpoint of view to some degree:

wholesome conversation and actator would immediately become "As I look back now over the tions. True, he is an extreme. aware of that lack of enthusiasm. football career of, it

Not all professional coaches are He would notice a haphazardness seems to me that the least important alike. that is boring to say the least, for (Continued on page 30)

By The Power William George Jordan

People Who Live in TruthRiv Castles"of

life; aircastle is he should of his great wealth an in an aircastle do if what they wouldLIVING too. architect builder I be a miland "If were to them. came profitable about as as ownlet ing a halfinterest in a rainLiving in the future is living lionaire,"they say,—and they

is the the phrase melt sweetly in theirbow. It is no more nourishing in an aircastle. Tomorrow

than a dinner of twelve courses grave where the dreams of the mouths as though it were a caramel,eaten in a dream. Aircastles are dreamer, the toiler who toils not,—"I would subsidize genius; I

built of golden moments of time, are buried. The man who says he would found a college; I would

and their only value is in the raw will lead a newer and better life build a great hospital; I would

material thus rendered valueless. tomorrow, who promises great erect model tenements; I would

The atmosphere of aircastles is things for the future, and yet does show the world what real charity heavy and stupefying with the innothing in the present to make that is."Oh, it is all so easy, so easy,

cense of vague hopes and phantom future possible, is living in an airthis vicarious benevolence, this ideals. In them man lulls himself castle. In his arrogance he is atspending of other people's fortunes!

into dreaming inactivity with the tempting to perform a miracle; he Few of us, according to the latest

songs of the mighty deeds he is is seeking to turn water into wine, statistics, have a million, but we going to do, the great influence he to have harvest without seedtime, all have something, some part of it.

some day will have, the vast wealth to have an end without a beginAre we living up to our portion?

that will be his, sometime, somening. Are we generous with what we

how, somewhere, in the rosy, sunlit have?

days of the future. The architecTF we would make our lives The man who is selfish with one

tural error about aircastles is that worthy of us, grand and noble, thousand dollars will not develop the owner builds them downward solid and impregnable, we must angelic wings of generosity when from their gilded turrets in the forsake aircastles of dreaming for his million comes. If the generous

clouds, instead of upward from a strongholds of doing. Every man spirit be a reality with the indisolid, firm foundation of purpose with an ideal has a right to live in vidual, instead of an empty boast,

and energy. This diet of mental the glow and inspiration of it, and he will, every hour, find opporlotus-leaves is a mental narcotic, to picture the joy of attainment, as tunity to make it manifest. The

not a stimulant. the tired traveler fills his mind with radiation of kindness need not be

Ambition, when wedded to tirethe thought of the brightness of expressed in money at all. It may

less energy is a great thing and a home, to quicken his steps and to be shown in a smile of human ingood thing, but in itself it amounts make the weary miles seem shorter, terest, a glow of sympathy, a word to little. Man cannot raise himself but the worker should never really of fellowship with the sorrowing

to higher things by what he would worry about the future, think little and the struggling, an instinctive like to accomplish, but only by of it except for inspiration, to deoutstretching of a helping hand to what he endeavors to accomplish. termine his course, as mariners one in need.

To be of value, ambition must ever study the stars, to make his plans No man living is so poor that he be made manifest in zeal, in deterwisely and to prepare for that cannot evidence his spirit of benevmination, in energy consecrated to future by making each separate day olence toward his fellowman. It

an ideal. If it be thus reinforced, the best and truest that he can. may assume that rare and wonthus combined, the thin airy castle Let us live up to the fulness of drously beautiful phase of divine

melts into nothingness, and the inour possibilities each day. Man charity, in realizing how often adividual stands on a new strong has only one day of life—today. motive is misrepresented in the act,

foundation of solid rock, whereon, He did live yesterday, he way live how sin, sorrow and suffering have day by day and stone by stone, he tomorrow, but he has only today. warped and disguised latent good,

can rear a mighty material structure The secret of true living-—menin substituting a word of gentle tolof lifework to last through time tal, physical and moral, material erance for some cheap tinsel of

and eternity. The aircastle ever and spiritual,—may be expressed shabby cynicism that pretends to

represents the work of an architect in five words; Live up to your be wit. If we are not rich enough

without a builder; it means plans portion. This is the magic formula to give "cold, hard"cash, let us at

never put into execution. They that transforms aircastles into least be too rich to give "cold,

tell us that man is the architect of fortresses. hard"words. "Let us leave our

his own fortunes. But if he be Men sometimes grow mellow aircastles of vague selfadulation

merely architect he will make only and generous in the thought of for so wisely spending millions we

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 19

have never seen, and rise to the digmethod of flight and to plume himthe universe is living in an airnity of living up to the full proself with the medals he could win castle.

portion of our possessions, no matfor flying if he only would. It is The man who believes that all

ter how slight they may be. Let the dayby-day heroism that vitalhumanity is united in conspiracy

us fill the world around us with izes all of a man's power in an against him, who feels that his life love, brightness, sweetness, gentleemergency, that gives him confiis the hardest in all the world, and ness, helpfulness, courage and symdence that when need comes he lets the cares, sorrows and trials pathy, as if they were the only will and must be ready. that come to us all, eclipse the

legal tender and we were Monte The aircastle typifies any deluglorious sun of his happiness, darkCristos with untold treasures of sion or folly that makes man forening his eyes to his privileges and such gold ever at our call. sake real living for an idle, vague his blessings, is living in an airLet us cease saying: "If I were,"existence. Living in aircastles castle.

and say ever: "I am."Let us stop means that a man sees life in a The woman who thinks the

living in the subjunctive mood, and wrong perspective. He permits his most beautiful creature in the world

begin to live in the indicative. lower self to dominate his higher is seen in her mirror, and who

self; he who should tower as a exchanges her queenly heritage of

"THE one great defence of humanmighty conqueror over the human noble living for the shams, jeality against the charge of unweakness, sin and folly that ousies, follies, frivolities and prefulfilled duties is "lack of time."threaten to destroy his better natences of society, is living in an

The constant clamoring for time ture, binds upon his own wrists aircastle.

would be pathetic, were it not for the manacles of habit that hold The man who makes wealth his the fact that most individuals him a slave. He loses the crown god instead of his servant, who is

throw away more of it than they of his kingship because he sells his determined to get rich, rich at any use. Time is the only really valuroyal birthright for temporary ease cost, and who is willing to sacrifice

able possession of man, for without and comfort and the showy things honesty, honor, loyalty, character, it every within would power him should he hold sacrificing the of world, so much family—everything

exist. recklesslycease to he Yet a stack the sake mere of that is best for wealth, mere in him dear—for

treasure his greatsquanders is, despite his robes of as if success, position, moneybags, the plaudits or of it were valueless. The wealth of the world. He forsakes the throne of ermine, only a rich pauper living

the whole world could not buy one of individuality for the aircastle in an aircastle.

second of time. Yet Society assasof delusion. The man of ultraconservatism,

sins dare to say in public that they the victim of false content, who has have been "killing time."The rTHE man who wraps himself in no plans, no ideals, no aspirations

time fallacy has put more people the Napoleonic cloak of his beyond the dull round of daily into aircastles than all other causes egotism, hypnotizing himself into duties in which he moves like a combined. Life is only time; eterbelieving that he is superior to all goldfish in a globe, is often vain

nity, is only more time; immortalother men, that the operaglasses enough to boast of his lack of proity is merely man's right to live of the universe are focused upon gressiveness, in cheap shopworn

through unending time. him and that he treads the stage phrases from those whom he per-

"If I had a library I would alone, had better wake up. He is mits to do his thinking for him.

read,"is the weak plaint of some living in an aircastle. He who, He does not realize that faithfulother tenant of an aircastle. If a like Narcissus, falls in love with ness to duties, in its highest sense,

man does not read the two or three his own reflection and thinks he means the constant aiming at the good books in his possession or achas a monopoly of the great work performance of higher duties, living cessible to him he would not read of the world, whose conceit rises up, so far as can be, to the maxiif he had the British Museum from him like the smoke from the mum of one's possibilities, not rebrought to his bedside, and the magic bottle of the genii and signedly plodding along at the

British Army delegated to continspreads till it shuts out and conceals minimum. A piece of machinery

ual service in handing him books will do this, but real men ever seek from the shelves. The time sacrito rise to higher uses. Such a man

ficed to reading sensational newsis living in an aircastle.

papers might be consecrated to good With patronizing contempt he reading, if the individual were willscorns the man of earnest, thoughting merely to live up to his portion ful purpose, who sees his goal far of opportunity. before him but is willing to pay

The man who longs for some any honest price to attain it; concrisis in life, wherein he may show tent to work day by day unceasmighty courage, while he is exingly, through storm and stress,

pending no portion of that courage and sunshine and shadow, with in bearing bravely the petty trials, sublime confidence that nature is sorrows and disappointments of storing up every stroke of his effort, daily life, is living in an aircastle. that, though times often seem dark

He is just a sparrow looking enviand progress but slight, results ously at the mountain crags where must come if he have but courage the hardy eagle builds her nest, to fight bravely to the end. This

and dreaming of being a great bird man does not live in an aircastle;

Young like a Where Brigham even daring in that, perhaps battling and Jim he is but destiny for with Bridger Met to criticize herpatronizing way, (Continued page on 21)

Utah's First Marionette how By MARGOT SPANDE BEAL

MARIONETTES! The oldOdlin, who was for seven years a

est and most fascinating student and showman with Tony branch of the theatre. Sarg, the recognized authority on

Adults and children alike watch marionettes. Allene attended the

with delight as the beautiful dolls University of Washington. At

and the grotesque or comical dolls both institutions they were given come to life on the stage to enact intensive training in the constructheir fairy tales and dramas in a tion, costuming and manipulation realistic fashion. of the marionettes, and in the presAllene and Francilda Sutherland entation of plays.

of Logan, Utah, have the distinction of owning and presenting the THE construction of the dolls is only professional marionette show difficult and requires a special in the intermountain states. They technique. The bodies are made of

have created for themselves an enwood and attached to heads which Allene tertaining and unusual profession, are made of plastic and papier one which offers unlimited possimache. Each joint must be Fatal Circus"and "Crossbones'

bilities. movable, even the tiny wrists Buried Treasure."

strings Separate are attached young These two women were joints. venture of first commercial The to each marionettes one, the having Seattle,visiting in Washington, Sisters'Marionettes the Sutherland

fifteen to ten strings apiece from interested in they becamewhen the Z. sponsored C. was by M. I., are they manipulated. by which as marionettes. a Merely hobby in connection Salt City, of Lake

is Skill in the painting necessary their schoolincidental toand their toyland. Christmas with

dolls'faces that vividly so they to positions, they began teaching audiences twentywitnessed Large portray the characters they are to interest. Francilda that develop of seven performances "The Day

represent. the School in Artattended Cornish a delightful Before Christmas,"

Seattle, studying under Richard Manipulating the marionettes replay which portrays the home of quires arduous practice. Each Santa Claus and the Christmas

movement must be accurately timed toys growing in the snow garden.

to correspond with the words the Other performances were given marionette is speaking, and to avoid under the auspices of Mutual Imtangling the numerous strings. provement Associations and PriFrancilda and Allene impersonmaries in the various wards of

ate the feminine characters, while Logan. The Relief Society or-

a young man speaks for the mascuganization had the plays presented line marionettes. Allene's special in connection with their "Better

training in dramatics is very useful Books and Plays for Children"in interpreting the varied characmovement.

ters. The girls manipulate the A GUEST performance of the

strings and speak the lines from bemarionettes, given at the hind the scenes. Temple Square Hotel, resulted in

The Sutherland sisters have a the Sutherland sisters receiving a repertoire of four plays and numercontract for the 19321933 Lyous short skits, some of which are ceum Course, which is under the suitable for grownups, although direction of the Graham Music and the majority of them appeal to the Lyceum Bureau. For this venture

vivid imaginations of children. they made new dolls, creating such

Francilda Their most popular plays are "The entertaining characters as Nina

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 21

HESE two girts turned their hobby into a profession and they are happy in their new work. In addition,

they have turned their old jobs, those of teaching school, over to two other young ladies who needed them badly. They write; "We have enjoyed presenting the plays in the schools of Utah, Idaho, and Oregon this

past year. It has been a real pleasure, going into schools where there wasn't a person that had seen a marionette show.

"The marionettes are twentyfour inches high but when the play is presented in a darkened auditorium they seem human size and the miniature stage enlarges until the audience is quite unaware that they are looking at a miniature stage and miniature lifeless marionettes. It's a one man and two woman show, but the

audience is fooled for once. It's a tremendous job we have created and one in which it is hard to get rusty.

It is a real job and honest to goodness work. Creating a marionette play is an education in itself. We must

learn to do new and difficult things every day."

and Raggedy Andy were already established favorites with the children who had seen them.

The Lyceum itinerary took the shows into Utah, Idaho, and Oregon towns, where students of grade schools and high schools were given an opportunity to see them. Many

of these children had never seen a marionette show before. The performances which were given in the

schools have stimulated teachers to use marionettes in teaching woodwork, art, costume design, literature, and music.

The Sutherland Sisters'Marionettes will be seen again on the

Lyceum Course next year. Their

fascinating array of characters and the skill with which they have presented the plays have won recognition from Tony Sarg himself.

These two young women have, through their initiative and hard

Captain Crossbones work, created for themselves a job A Charming Miss and Her Steed which knows no depression. They

Rosa, the gypsy dancer, and Caphave opened up an unexplored field a place in our social structure for tain Crossbones. Raggedy Ann in Utah. Undoubtedly there is a clean entertainment of this sort.

The Power of wingedor the flightfame intothatoblivion,has takenfritterits ing,mentalof selfishness,or moral characteristicor of some otherthat ing away his golden hours erecting withdraws them from the real 1 lULii (Continued from page 19) new monuments in the cemetery of duties and privileges of living.

his past achievements and his Let us find out what is the airformer greatness, making what he castle in which we, individually, the possession of his heritage, and was ever plead apology for what spend most of our time and we can in character is strengthened by a is, lives recreation of ourbegin in the then his he an aircastle. To all that he destruggle, even though selves. airsingle the of individual a to the bondage world and The

sires may not be fully awarded him. egg of new hope and determination, castle must be fought nobly and

The man who permits regret for with its wondrous potency of new untiringly.

past misdeeds, or sorrow for lost life, is greater than a thousand nests As man spends his hours and his opportunities to keep him from full of the eggs of dead dreams, or days and his weeks in an aircastle, recreating a proud future from the unrealized ambitions. he finds that the delicate gossamernew days committed to his care, is Whatever keeps a man from livlike strands and lines of the phanlosing much of the glory of living. ing his best, truest and highest life tom structure gradually become less

He is repudiating the manna of now, in the indicative present, if it and less airy; they begin to grow

new life given each new day, merely be something that he himself places firm and firmer, strengthening with because he misused the manna of as an obstacle in his own path of the years, until at last, solid walls years ago. He is doubly unwise, progress and development, is to hem him in. Then he is startled

because he has the wisdom of his him an aircastle. by the awful realization that habit

past experience and does not profit Some men live in the aircastle and habitancy have transformed his by it, merely because of a techniof indolence; others in the aircastle aircastle into a prison from which

cality of useless, morbid regret. He of dissipation, of pride, of avarice, escape is difficult.

is living in an aircastle. of deception, of bigotry, of worry, And then he learns that the most

The man who spends his time of intemperance, of injustice, of indeceptive and dangerous of all lamenting the fortune he once had, tolerance, of procrastination, of lythings is,—the aircastle.

By Mary Imlay TAYLOR

Q)inderella PART SEVEN QTARGRASS, the lovely girl grown *-* from the deserted baby the Binneys had found, was not theirs any more-—

she daughter was the of rich Mr. happened that Star IT

Blanchard. Binney, brokenhearted, Pap did not stay in Paris. a year She

felt that something Mrs. was wrong; did stay many months in a conBinney, weeping comforted him by

telling him that Star would be happy ventschool there, where Etta had there in the big house—would have previously acquired her perfect

everything a girl's heart could desire. French, but Blanchard's business

at the everything house Up called twice back to the United him strange to and unbigStar—cold finally, States, to see and coming Etta, niece of Blanchard, seemedfriendly—and

was frankly hostile. Even the friendStar one day early in December, he

ship of John Nelson, Blanchard's secseemed to find her so greatly retary, counterbalance could not the changed to his liking that he desinister familiarity of James Carr.

Ma Binney, hungry for a sight of cided to take her home with him

Star, is caught in the shrubbery by for Christmas.

Nelson. Blanchard Blanchard imand "I'll present her as my daughtakes mediately Paris. Star to He tells he proudly. "She's thought finally her her ter,"that so did he to remove

from the vicinity of Pap and Mother tremendously improved, and, by

Binney. He refuses to allow her to Jove,"he said to Nelson, "isn't she

return to visit the Binneys before leaving lovely?"

New York.

Now go on with the story. Nelson, who had met them at

the pier in Hoboken, tried to assent without too much enthusiasm. He

"Pm going to open the ball with Mr. MacGowan"she said to Carr, and the young knew Blanchard's ambitions and

man's face crimsoned with joy. Carr stood back gracefully; he was a good loser. he had heard certain discussions of

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 23 the daughter's future. Mary Agnes denly—"he's fallen in love with

little a was inheritBlanchard about would two someone heart else—he doesn't like me silence; in itTHEREhe heard his own residuarybesidesmillions, the being any more!"

light the outside thumping. The legatee! Nelson, she keeps "If looking on poor and her at me

the firebig wavered and windows father's clerk, like desperthat,"hard. thought swallowed John

circle in fairy a which made if a terrible disgrace myself light I tried ately, "I'd be cad "I'll—I'll fair sat, the girl her head bowed to if love to her, her!"even and kiss she'd make

think of me now,"he said to him- "I wonder who the creature is!"a little, her hands restless on the

prelike the looked She self. Star thought. fellow horrid girl teatable. "Some with "A my prospects siding angel the hearth of to him.trying in to the city, of course!"heiress! get an Gosh, here

I'd deserve to be fired!""Father's going to give me a Suddenly she turned and leaned toIt froze the natural impulses in dance tomorrow night,"she said ward him, laying her hand lightly

him, and Star, watching him, aloud, in a frigid tone; "I believe on his arm.

from under her dark lashes, wonEtta's out now arranging to have "Listen! Have you been down to

dered. the ballroom decorated. She came Fishkill Point?"she asked softly.

"He must be ill!"she thought. and asked what flowers I wanted. They were close together, her

firelight, in face tender the he but I felt "He's funny. white as a sheet and As if it could mum as so—so heroic. said, was only He "Nota all just for be dormouse. Father's me!"overworking him, poor fellow!""It is all for you,"said John lately!"She was accordingly sweet and miserably. "You're to be pre- "I wonder if you know—"she

gracious to poor John. She made sented to society, Miss Blanchard. hesitated, looking around at the

him come and help her at the first She poured another cup, her door behind her.

lunch in Blanchard's beautiful eyes down. "I suppose you've for- "She's getting the cue, she's

town library. gotten that I like to be called ashamed of the old people down

"I had the table brought in 'Star'?"she said severely. there!"he thought. Then she

here,"she explained, smiling at He caught his breath. "No, I lifted her gray eyes and he was

him. It was twilight now, and she haven't forgotten,"he assured her almost lost!

"How after alooked entrancing, thought, John moment; "only—I was

afraid to."helping her arrange the corner to "You mean—theare they?"Binneys?"

her liking. "Etta says she always "Afraid to?"her head went up. She nodded.

served in the drawingroom,"Star "Afraid of what?""Well, I think. Haven't they

written you?"answer. notwent leaned I like on, "but He did He this—I love "Never!"these forward and, picking tongs, the books, don't up you?"

"Tremendously."He felt adjusted a log. He was glad that she was too

choked; she had just touched his "I hate men who are afraid!"absorbed to notice him just then,

hand in passing a cup and her Star cried. for he knew Pap had written, the

fingers thrilled. He raised his head. "So do I!"old man had told him so, asking

"I think I always wanted a room he agreed in a harsh voice. anxiously about "little Stargrass."

like this."She was looking Star's look wavered under his "They don't let her have theiraround it lovingly. for the first time. letters—the snobs!"he thought. "It's a peach,"he agreed, scald- "Will you ask me to dance to- "Phew, if I made love to her—the

ing himself, but not looking at the morrow night?"She spoke gently. boss would roar like a lion. He'd

room particularly. "I do ask you to dance tomorrow be right, too!"

awfully "I'm changed, I know,""I never before neunight!"knew how

said, of tone. kind in an amazedtral "The first dance?"she tints can blend in such a richtoned way, they're perfect!"She "Yes!""I see things now as Father and

leaned back in her chair and looked She laughed. "Suppose I refuse Etta do, but I'm not unfaithful,

pensively at the fire. "I love it what then?"I love them still!"

all!"she exclaimed. "It would be your privilege,"he Nelson said nothing; he set his

answered in an odd tone, his face teeth hard. What a pity if they

flushing in the firelight. had changed her! In the unsym-

J.OHN set down his "Oh!"pathetic silence her hand fell from

cup. "I knew you would,"he his arm, she rose and walked to the

replied harshly. "It's the kind of window.

thing that was meant for you, it's "I wish you'd ring for some hot

Request water,"she said over her shoulder.a beautiful background, it suits

you!"By Margaret MarchandBrown He rang obediently; then, he,

"Does it?"Star looked across too, looked out of the window.

it is Christmas sea "VKTHEN by an upland to "Beginning isn't it?"snow, thoughtfully.at him "I wonder!"crowding Where "Y mountains nobly to seems "There be a frost,"Star it,""You he aswere made for shield

sured her, staring fixedly at his This garden place of sons of men retorted sharply, walking away.

own feet. Who changed the desert's bitter yield,—

Here the where temple's roots are spread TJ She watched narrowly, prehim this Let not prayer low after remain stared unsaid: in her ilEtending to be tea the busy with Utah, Keep Lord, a tumult of emotion. adored Hethings. In accord Divine her tell business he and to had no It is a gift of Thee, is certainly 'There something so. her to like flouted But be this garden This sea. an by uplandthe matter she with him,"thought, Suddenly he Keep to Utah, tempted Lord! was throw"or else—"she turned hot sud- (Continued on page 58)

THIRD PRIZE

'Posing for a Picture."Snapshot taken 10

a. m., September 3, 1933.

Taken by Mrs. Rulon Dahl, Raymond, Alberta,

Canada.

SECOND PRIZE

Walking in Daddy,s Own Footsteps."Made with a 2-A

FIRST PRIZE Brotvnie Box Camera with a close attachment. up Terrier.""Tea For PhotoGrandma Mrs. by Reu- E. O. graphed 20, July 1933, 1/50 Sec. at Takennion, Mt. Utah. Emmons, 5.6. stop

Taken by Doris Hartman, Camp Frazier,

Combs, Arkansas.Results of

Outdoor Story Picture Contest

enmight have been or as it was for make your camera work for you.INprovementJuly the editorsEra in oforderTheto Imresponse was not as great as it Watch for the announcements and

courage amateur photography some of our other contests, howWe believe that if you have an oband the active imagination of the ever, some very interesting pictures ject in taking a picture that you are photographer offered prizes for the were sent in. likely to get a much better picture

best "story"pictures. The rules After going over the entries careand likely not to waste so much

governing the contest may be found fully in the light of the requirefilm as if you merely snap someon page 355, the July, 1933, numments, the judges selected the picthing you see.

ber of the magazine. tures for prizes and honorable We think the judges'selections

Photographs came from many mention which appear on this page. were good. Examine these pictures

parts of the United States, and a A little later we expect to foster and see if each does not tell an few from other countries, but the other picturetaking contests. interesting story.

HONORABLE MENTION

"Feeding Her Pet Gopher."Snapshot "Oh, please give me my "Hopi Indian Dance."T. 1/25 S. F. 22, August

taken 11 a. m., August 23, 1933. dinner."Taken July 17, 25, 1933

1933. Ordinary exposure.

Taken by Mrs. Rulon Dahl, Raymond, Taken by Vivian Lucas, Taken by H. J. Carlsen, 1445 E. Culver St.,

Alberta, Canada. Staveley, Alia, Canada. Phoenix, Arizona

in theWomen By DR. LOWRY NELSON Modern World

The emancipation of women during the last three decades according to Dr. Nelson constitutes one of the outstanding phenomena of this century. After discussing her status in the "modem

world"he asks a pertinent question: "What role can she play, and

will she play, in the world tomorrow?"All of us are interested in

that speculation and a perusal of this thoughtprovoking article will aid the reader in formulating some opinion regarding the matter.

stable THEby worldand forof men,yesterday,is as muchmade procedure,facts concerninghowever,differentto phasesmarshalof inmen,physicaland emotionallyand mental strengthless to a part of the past as is the oxthis manysided movement, in than men. This gave rise to the

team, the pony express, and the order the more clearly to see this development of man as the prospinning wheel. The machine age part of our social life in its relation tector, and of women as the weaker

are sex. attitudes remnants These in which the to general world we it to has things, but has done many are chivalry"of and "age of the live. achieveits dramatic credit more no generathis present considered by it has the change than ment

call, be, they to tion would what of social status the in wrought the Into Past Glimpse A sentimental hooey."of "a lot

is too It not probably women.

much to say that the emancipation "DEFORE indicating some of these of women, achieved largely during facts it will prove helpful to have Chivalry Also Meant of the picture general in mind the constitutes past three decades, the in Bondage status evolution of the of women the outstanding social phenomenon of this century. modern society. Under simpler A LONG with this maudlin wormodes of living than we have today ship of womankind there went

the home was not only a place for a corresponding amount of enslaveWhat Does the "New sleeping and eating, it was a manument. Women were denied the

Freedom"Signify? facturing institution. Its functions privileges of activities outside the

these were varied, and and many indulge to not home. They were '"THIS new freedom of women, as essentially the functions were under politics, affairs of in the sordid

it is often referred to, has evoked direction of the homemaker. The diplomacy, and warfare. Neither

much discussion as to its probable wife and mother made, or superwere they to soil their hands with effects upon the social organism. vised the making, of the cloth and the filthy lucre of trade. "Woman's

Some have hailed its coming as the clothing used by the family. place is in the home,"men declared.

all reform offering hope for new all Practically of the food consumed the in fight the battles to Men were repolitical including movements, cured, processed, was in the home cruel protect and world and women generation of the western world. or manufactured by the women of children from exposure to the evils

In others it arouses a sentiment of the household. Incidentally the and corruption which exist in

despair. They think they see in it preparation of food is still a major politics and business. This attitude

the decline of the home as the funfunction of the modern home, but was the heritage of the Chivalric damental social institution; the deit is less important by far today, Age.

rate, the birth cline of and consepast. in the it has been than The against such protested Women

stock; the racial of quent weakening of dairy of all kinds manufacture treatment, were unable and men

and the creation of economic chaos products has historically been a part for a long time to understand why due to the flood of additional labor of the function of the household. they should resent the wall of securwhich is thrown upon the labor The multiplicity of these functions ity and protection which their

market. in the home has, throughout hisworshipful male defenders desired

In the midst of this welter of tory made it imperative that women to throw about them. Men were

speculation it is important to know confine their activities quite largely unable to see that this wall of prothe facts concerning the problem. within four walls. tection from dangers without also

Everyone knows that in general the While the mental, physical, and constituted a prison for those who status of women has materially emotional differences between the were held within. And it is an

changed in the past few years, and sexes constitute a moot question interesting fact that the walls were they also know in general just what today, in times past it was generally not shattered by battles waged on that status is. It is a wholesome conceded that women were inferior moral, religious, or spiritual

26 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

grounds, but by the disintegrating United States Bureau of the Census Women Enter the Labor forces of economic change. It was provides us with reliable informathe Industrial Revolution, comtion concerning some phases of Market

mencing roughly in 1750 and dewomen's activities. These great A LL of these factors have resulted

veloping rapidly as new inventions public documents are made the basis in a necessity for women to made possible the factory system, for the report of President Hoover's find a new place for themselves in which wrought the changes in Commission on Recent Social the economic world. The Census

household economy and paved the Trends, from which I wish now to figures indicate that this has been way for the emancipation of draw rather generously. taking place. In 1880 there were

women. From that time on the Among the factors which have 160 women out of every 1000 in

functions of the home have been affected the status of women, these the population sixteen years of age steadily declining in importance. are the most important: first, the and over, who were employed outThe factory system removed from development of mechanical power; side the home; while in 1930 there

the household the manufacture of second, new inventions; third, the were 253 out of each 1000. These

clothing, and to a large extent the rise of specialized services outside figures include the women engaged preparation of food thus releasing the home; fourth, the changed in agriculture. If it had not been

time and energy of women for manner of living, and the decreasing for the fact that the economic deother pursuits. size of the family. The form of pression had already set in when

mechanical power which has most the 1930 census was taken, the notably affected women is that of figures for that year would have

Pioneering Held Back the electricity. The production of been still more impressive. When

"Machine Age"electricity in the United States has we consider all of the gainfully emincreased from less than five billion ployed persons, both male and

TN America the task of pioneering kilowatt hours in 1902 to ninetyfemale, in the United States, we the new continent made for the six billion kilowatt hours in 1930. find that in 1930 one in every five

perpetuation of the household The percentage of farm homes were women, or 21.9% of the

economy practically through the lighted by electricity more than total. This is an increase of 50%

greater part of the nineteenth cendoubled between 1920 and 1930. over the figure for 1880, when

tury. Up until after the Civil War The spread of the use of electricity women represented 14.5% of the

it is safe to say the majority of is well illustrated by the fact that gainfully employed. Most of these

homes in America were largely on in Utah south of Salt Lake County, women who are gainfully em- a selfsufficing basis, manufacturthe consumption of electricity for ployed are young women, although ing their own clothing as well as residence use rose from 2,492,000 there is a definite tendency for larger food, and even undertaking in large kilowatt hours in 1927 to 4,761,- percentages of the older women to measure to carry on the functions 000 in 1932, an increase in 5 years become gainfully employed. In

of education and of religious worof 9 1.04 per cent. The specialized 1920 20.6% of the employed

ship. In Western America the selfservices outside the home which women were less than twenty years

sufficing economy persisted to a have released the time of the houseof age, while in 1930 only 15.5%

much later date, and even today in wife include such institutions as were under that age. In the 1930

many rural sections there are houselaundries, bakeries, clothing and figures there is a marked decline in holds which are dependent only to food factories, restaurants, and so the proportion of girls under a limited extent upon the outside on. The decrease in the size of the twenty who are employed. This

world. The trend toward comfamily, while it presupposes that may be due to the spread of child

mercial economy as contrasted with labor restrictions and the growth this selfsufficing system, however, the mother will devote more attenof compulsory education. There

has been very definite. Within the tion to each individual child, unis a marked increase in the perpast twenty years the writer recalls doubtedly means less demand upon centage of women employed behearing sermons preached against her energies for this purpose. tween twenty and fortyfive years

the use of creamery butter by farm of age. It has been suggested that

housewives. It was considered althis may be due to the increasing

most a mark of reproach for a tendency of married women to woman to buy butter from the Hospital engage in gainful occupations.

creamery, instead of making it herself. Today finds the socalled By Margaret Jane Cole

"ranch butter"going begging, rVHANK the dear God for pain Married Women Outside while creamery butter is sold in * And its knifekeen smart; the Home

every village and hamlet. After it, peace again.

A quiet heart. "pOR example, in 1900 there were

that married 769,000 women cold, ether sweet Factors Which Change the The while smell, worked, in 1910 the number four walls; white And

the chapel sound of increased to Feminine Role The bell had and in 1,89X000, halls. silent Through reached 1930 3,071,000. it had

as detailed the of to some even appears developmentTVTOW This

Evening, and facts relative striking that to is noted in the change night, and dawn more when it tree! A maple

the status of women in America. Laughter across a lawn between 1900 and 1930 the total

Fortunately the great volumes of And life for me! number of married women doubled,

data collected every ten years by the (Continued on page 64)..

The Closer Bond Play ofPioneerLife in One Act

By HELEN HINCKLEY

CHARACTERS: Mother.

Father.

Margaret, the seventeen year old daughter.

Elizabeth, two years younger.

William, a neighbor.

SCENE: The livingbedroom of a newly finished cottage in Salt Lake

City. The room is furnished with a beautiful fourposter bed with a matching

dresser, a rather rough table and several chairs that were evidently miade by the pioneers themselves, several hand made rugs, and a few other pieces which give the atmosphere of a carefully planned home. When the curtain rises

Margaret and Elizabeth are discovered making the bed. Mother is giving the

final touch to simple curtains.

MARGARET lovely new home is all finished, all well, Mother, they don't even see

And now the quilt, Elizabeth. furnished, and all by our own me. They look at each other as if

Mother, which one shall we use? work! What a gay time we'll be it were five minutes before dinner

having tonight when the neighbors and they both saw it cooking on

ELIZABETH come in. each other's face.

The tulip quilt! Do say the ELIZABETH MOTHER

tulip quilt, Mother. All this is so fine that I'm afraid (Laughing.) They would

that feel flattered hear to neither one proud. we'll be growing MOTHER interpreted are glances their loving dear. too, choice That's my Love soup. for cabbage MOTHER as eagerness

quilt. tulip the And, MarBring

it's Wilglad that. like I'm comes wondering now if it I'm the garet, of drawer the in bottom

dresser you should find the pillow wouldn't be better to move the liam. ELIZABETH there dresser over between—that cases the lace with Grandma they that you mean Love! Do outside. is whistled tune is (A gay a grand knitted.Hendricks This in like people the in it are that at once recognizes Margaret very our use to occasionenough love—just all Juliet and and books? Romeo hair her smooths is William. She best things. and dress and looks enquiringly at that? Our Margaret and—

ELIZABETH her mother who nods in assent. She MOTHER

{Carefully unwrapping the quilt runs toward the door.) Our Margaret is seventeen.

and assisting Margaret to spread it.)

What if Father had had his way ELIZABETH ELIZABETH about leaving the bed and dresser at A nice man doesn't whistle at the And that's why they smile so

Winter Quarters? Just what if he gate, and a nice girl doesn't rush wisely over silly secrets. And why

had! (She wraps her arms around out to meet him. she dashes out to the gate alone, and

the nearest post.) I love you, you Not any man of course, but this why she cries at night! She does,

old fourposter, I love you! is William! (She hurries out.) Mother, she cries all the time at

(Margaret smites in a superior mannight and when I ask her what the ner.) Well, I do, and so do you! MOTHER matter is she says, "The world is

Isn't it grand! Doesn't it look just Why must you always tease? so beautiful,"or, "The stars seem

like home to see these two old ELIZABETH so bright tonight,"or something if I'll ever be like that. I wonder friends polished and on parade

Just the nature of the beast, I suddenly crazy! that (Changing again?

really, Mother, suppose. But why shiver.) to thrilled I hope a Ooooh, MOTHER persnickity to she be so have does

I shall! left of Michigan. All have we lately? when William I about Why, MOTHER too, Elizabeth.love them, plains the crossing he was were we too, Elizabeth. Every- I hope

tie a sort between of as to as a just companion good me there—andThey're one should—sometime.so here. to seemed to Margaret. he was He

MARGARET like us both. Even two months MARGARET

Now see, you're getting mother ago we both rushed to the gate (Dashing in, taking her mother to feeling bad again. This is abwhen his whistle rounded the by the waist and pivoting her to

. Well the door.) See, Mother. See how solutely not the time for that. Our corner. But of late—

!!.

28 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

perfect our house looks from the think of me in your place, Mother, A wedding, a wedding, a wedding doorway. This is the way that and see William's brown head over in the fam'ly!

everybody who comes to our houseFather's chair. I wonder if when MOTHER

it. first past, It see will are forty be we'll warming as happy was a we

a start new on we Tomorrow real inspiration as blessed. of to yours our put and home so have job. must Margaret, you those candles dresser. the on The

I ELIZABETH I that things. think new many little last bit very will of sun make

finished at least of our spare dear, be two pretty can must you Oh all that brass red look green and yet get such and golden. wicked quilts. We could not

MOTHER fine light pieces here.

MOTHER (Ignoring Elizabeth and her ELIZABETH (Reaching Elizout toward foolishness taking in Margaret and one. tulip Mother, the Not

I here, abeth.) Lizzie. Come her arms.) You'll never have give one! the tulip her a don't

girls. about want both an arm my higher in prayer heart your than This does seem so—so homey. you have with this pure love. I'm MARGARET

MARGARET happy, Margaret. When does WilOf course not, sillybilly. I

(Putting her arms around her liam plan to speak to Father? wouldn't have the tulip one. That Right yours shall be Mr. when kissing her mother and impulsMARGARET Isn't so, that you. to claim

ively.) Isn't the the world most Tonight, perhaps. We were just comesMother,?

beautiful place? Look at the sky talking about it out at the gate.

and the lake! President Young Of course, we have known for MOTHER

was certainly inspired by God when months. Known that we were I want you to select some of

he chose this place. meant for each other, I mean. We my things that you'd like to carry

MOTHER decided not to say anything about into your new home. In the old

And Father was inspired when it until William's folks had finished days the mothers used to carry a he selected this site for our cottage. their home here, and we had comtorch to the new home with which

There is no lovelier place in all of pleted ours. It did not seem right they lighted the fire. In that way

Salt Lake Valley. to either of us to draw away from they carried the spirit of the old

our families while there was so home to the new. It seems a very

MARGARET much work to be done. When we lovely custom to me. If a rug or How about Mother being incan feel free to do so—we are going a quilt will carry the peace of our spired when she directed the buildto build for ourselves—together, home into yours it is far better

ing and furnishing? (Dancing and well! than anything new, no matter how

across the floor.) Why, the house ELIZABETH pretty.

could not be nicer if it were all (Jumping up.) Last week we ELIZABETH dressed up for a wedding!

went to a house warming at WilELIZABETH liam's. She'll have new clothes, too!

(Following her.) Since everyMargaret, what will you wear for MOTHER a white have the wedding? Do isone being inspired—I'm inspired And tonight brides we celebrate ours. dress that like the ones wear curiosity,with and you're inspired

Surely that is finour now in the stories. homeby William. See her blush, ished, the fence made, everyand herMother! Whee, see blush MARGARET thing under feel way, you can two

MARGARET free to leave your home nests. (Laughing.) Father hasn't even

I'm not so blushing, am I You've worked so hard, Margaret, said "yes"yet. Listen, isn't that

Mother? and you too, Lizzy, making up to our gate? I thought that they

MOTHER your Father for the brothers that would stay forever at the meeting.

(Smiling.) Of course not. you never had, that surely you will Now don't even hint to Father,

be blessed. will you? William wants to tell

MARGARET ELIZABETH him. He says it is his right and

center, in front (At teased of table.) his duty. saying by me He I that we've been know blessed IWell, perhaps fly at the am. Blushes that Father meet he would all the time! darling cottage, This refuse lest words crawl. to even eyeswhen give the meeting whole my you Father, and a and wednowI inspired I can't William. a chance before by thing am he had away in ding the family! (Singing.)imagine this us, to has to what done properly. matter the broach

neither can he, for we've wondered (Mother goes to the door and about it when we've talked toopens it. Father enters without a

gether. Sometimes when I am Faith word of greeting. Elizabeth crosses

saying my evening prayers the By Adete Macalister the room to him.)

words come to my lips sort of TPAITH that guides us every day, well, by themselves. And all the * Faith that holds us, come what mayELIZABETH

Faith that urges us ahead, atime Father, I'm thinking Goodness, about William, what that discards fear and then just said dread, lengthyand meeting! I can't remember We had where FaithFaith that us carry on, makes

I was when I let my mind wander Faith that trusts when joy is gone—to ourselves that you would proband wonder if I started at all. And Is the light that leads the way ably never come. President Young

sometimes when we kneel together From dark night to the sun of day. must have had much to tell you.

for family prayer with Father, I (Continued on page 3 6)

From the Medical Staff and Health

Service, Brigham YoungThe w Universitu J Bookworm fl Health Problem Child

YOUNG business man reelse might be physically wrong. No limited chest expansion, poor

ceived a distinct shock when gross abnormality was discovered; muscle development, and awkward

his eight year old son, in but, in closing their interview, the muscle coordination would ordiRbitter distress, appealed to him medical man remarked: "Your narily be serious enough to comwith: "Daddy, the boys at school boy is not playing in the open air mand our instant attention. Chilcall me a sissy, an'I don't know enough. He's sitting down too dren of a thoughtful turn of mind

stoopare easily and is becoming much, in influenced develop it."to do about what

'shouldered hollowchested. direction and the of introversion—to also conscienceStartled, and take his should books for sake, thinking away thought's You with

stricken over his seeming parental and get him outside more."little inclination to seek out, or

neglect, the man set himself to inThis boy's trouble exemplifies a even to meet the practical things in vestigate his boy's problem. He common problem which is not reevery day living. The trend is

found nothing unusual, merely that ceiving the consideration it properly favored, too, by any lagging behe had a son, well behaved at home, merits. While we know the hind their respective groups in skill

who performed readily the simple majority of boys and girls do not at outdoor games, which tends to tasks allotted him, but who had few fall into this bookworm class, there turn them away from such activity.

companions of his own age, and still are many who do. Neither Development of an inferiority comspent practically all of his leisure is their difficulty purely a physical plex follows, impelling them more

time absorbed in books. The boy one, although the combination of and more to seek comfort in their

appeared to be physically well and abnormal posture, nearsightedness, books.

strong, was interested in all that went on about him. How he could= "pROM physical contact in play,

deserve the rating given by his children receive their first trainschoolmates, sorely puzzled the ing in practical things—in the cofather. ordination of hands and brain.

His standing in classes and deThis phase of development, so importment in school were well above portant in the forming of a balanced the average. Inquiry revealed personality, is often denied these

that he had read all the books bookworm boys and girls, and afforded by home and school, and they not infrequently become the was already bringing several volmisfits and ne'erdo-wells of adult umes, every week or two, from the life.

public library. Through a feeling of gratitude

Having noticed, on one of their that the growing child is not in infrequent outings, that the boy did any sense a behavior problem, parnot see so well for distance as he ents often allow a situation of this himself did, he took him to an kind to go unrealized, until imoculist. The physician's verdict measurable harm has been done

was that the boy had developed their boy or girl. Since the child

considerable myopia or nearsight- has given them no trouble, they edness, and badly needed glasses. have not the slightest notion that

Futhermore, he stated that myopia anything harmful might come of it.

is the most serious of all condiWe should give attention to seetions requiring glasses, and is made ing that our children find some worse by long continued close work sort of balance in their activities, with the eyes, such as in reading. between physical and mental. To

have them deeply interested in

'Will it Hurt?'training in work and play is essen-"NTEXTdoctor—thethey visitedfather,theirinfamilydeep books is gratifying, but physical

chagrin, desiring to see if anything tial too for a rounded development.

30 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

The Other Side intoyondthehis grindcomprehension.once more isItfaris beut- professionallyback and has thanplayedhe everbetterdidballin

it? (Continued from page 17) terly impossible, after one's college college—but who appreciates

career, to muster together that preBecause of this lost faith in one's game emotional frenzy. If anyself I have seen and been eye witness

of all happenings was his selection thing was ever necessary to insure to actual fist fights among pals of as an AllAmerican. I am remindsuccess to any athletic career, it is the same team. They had reached

ed of an incident in our game with that very thing. the point where morale gone, conNavy. We led 14-7 and there fidence gone, faith gone, they actually "blew up"and acquired awere a few minutes to play. A A LTHOUGH the absence of joy

feeling of deepstocky Middy came in at end. After and fun is partially due to the suicide complex—a

the first play he seemed to come to letdown, there is still a more dedespondency.

the conclusion that Navy wasn't vastating feature of the let down. Quoting Grange, following his

going to win. He rubbed his hands It deals more personally with the first year in pro football, "Once I

together and in an encouraging individual in these three ways: ( 1 went to the polo grounds on

voice called to his team mates It causes him to lose confidence; crutches, donned a uniform and

"Come on fellows! We can't win (2) it undermines the individual's played quarterback. I didn't carry

I couldn't. But thethis game but we can have a lot of morale; (3) it causes him to lose the ball once.

fun."faith in his own ability. If a man crowd thought I was a yellow

Somehow, I think that that loses these qualities, he might as bum. That hurt."

disMiddyball—stressingstruck thevictory,keynote stressingof footwellmencegodigging.to potter's field and com- A youngI have manseenwithrepetitiona week ofold this.

fame, stressing AilAmericans—To illustrate, I present an actual located collar bone was forced to

each has its limitations. If a one of many simplay because he was a star. People paid to see him play—andplayer can't participate without experience—justilar to it. A young man from the had

gleaning some fun from his effort, West has graduated from college dragged out. If men of Grange's

he is a better man never to have with scholastic and athletic honors. caliber will draw such putrid critiplayed at all, for he will never He was reared in a fine community cism, what will become of the seven

know success unless he can derive under the influence of the best of lowly linemen whose praises are joy or fun through that endeavor. homes and among the finest of seldom sung?

I'm positive the successful men and Christians. He went East to fulImagination seems to have no

women of the world will support fill a professional football contract. place in professional football. In

me when I say that the element of He arrived in the midst of new fact, it is too often discouraged.

joy or fun is a requisite necessary faces, all of which happened to be There is nothing more spectacular in varying degrees to any honest, from Eastern colleges. Immediately in football than to watch the unfruitful endeavor. To love one's he was confronted with problems orthodox diagnostician who never

work is virtually to have joy in it. much different from those with plays where he should. It is nothSuccessful football, as much as sucwhich he had been accustomed. He ing more than the imagination that

cessful business, cannot do away was in a group of "don't care what causes one to be unorthodox. What

with the pleasurable responses. happens"men. Mr. West soon would the sculptor, the artist, or

Why isn't "pro"ball really fun found that he was out of place as the architect do without his imagito play? In answering I quote Ed. he was not the indulger in the nation? The football player needs

Daughters, the Olympic swim iniquities and the moral vices that it equally as much, for imagination coach, when he was being asked most of the others were. For not is the life blood of success. Yet,

what he thought Helene Madison's being one of them in their habits, it is discouraged in professional (the world's greatest woman he became a social outcast which football.

swimmer) chances at professional carried over to the football field. Another negative feature to proswimming were. He replied: "The What a penalty for a modest sense fessional football is that which congirl worked with only one thought of decency and the best of parental cerns ethics, or rather, the lack of

influences! With his selfrespect them. To illustrate my point Iin mind last year—the Olympic

Games. Now that it is all over the gone, one can easily imagine the quote from an editorial concerning

let down will be terrific and I consequences. baseball:

don't believe she can ever muster Is it any wonder that "pro""'There is no sentiment in basethe ambition or interest to make football undermines the morale of ball,'says an old sports adage, any more records."so many college men who have rewhich is borne out in the dismissal

Probably this suggests the reason ceived excellent moral training in of Walter Johnson as manager of that the great collegiate stars sort their homes, in their churches, in the Washington Senators. Old

of "peter"out professionally. The their schools, and in athletics? Barney was kicked out because he

peak in the athlete's career is reached Practically every college star could not perform miracles from during his college days, possibly who has entered "pro"footthe managerial bench like he used during the last game. Following ball has lost faith in his own to do them from the mound. The

that, he relaxes, for he thinks he is ability. Some never regain that Washington owner and fans seem

through as a player (the "pro"faith. Some have had the courage to have forgotten the mighty arm

offers aren't forthcoming until after to come back. Red Grange incithat won them countless games and

the letdown.) One's enthusiasm dentally falls into this last category. twirled them into two world series.

for more is gone. He may muster His first venture was unsuccessful * * * It was written that Old

the desire to play again but to get but through his courage he came Barney was not the managerial

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 31

type; that he never snooped and which we encounter in college. that group accepted the offers. One

snitched like successful managers. With the pay check as the factor of these players, a pal of Johnson

All he ever did was to ask his upon which competition is based and Christensen, is now in a hosplayers to keep in shape and give the element of fair play begins to pital in a very bad condition, unhim and the club the best they had. lose ground. able to play any more. These five

His boys did that. * * * Baseball In picturing the other side of were backfield luminaries who

is coldblooded, hardhearted, and professionalism in football I poswere catered to because of drawing often sordid. Real sportsmanship sibly have been a bit pessimistic, but power. I am sure that eightynine

has been written off the baseball I believe with reason. I feel justipercent of the finest and best manbook of diction while romance and fied for every statement. The first hood in football thus represented

gratitude do not appear at all."sentence in this article would never refused handsome contracts for one

So, if one is to think of baseball have been uttered by such a man as or more of the reasons suggested in the above manner it can be readClark had it not been justified. here. Every one of those fellows

ily understood how it is that pro- "Frosty"Peters, another star of the was certainly in need of money just fessional football harbors nothing past with whom I played, said to as everyone is who completes colas good. Contracts are the basic me as I left Ebbets Field to come lege. But what is mere gold in

reasons for one to play football home, "Marv, if I had a job to go face of self esteem?

but they are meager scraps of paper home to, I would leave now with I'd like this "Prayer of a Sportsto too many players. As long as you."These are the unspoken man"to bring forcibly to the

there are no ethics in the pay off, sentiments of fifty percent of the minds of our youth that there can there be ethics in the professional players. For any enterprise to be should be ethics in all that we ungame itself? Doesn't this have a ethical it must satisfy one hundred dertake to do.

tendency also to undermine the percent of the people involved.

morale? I know positively that But what are the positive featPrayer of a Sportsman

Dutch Clark was subjected to this ures of "pro"football?

unethical feature of professionalFirst, we are confronted with Dear Lord, in the battle that goes ism. I was myself. I received just some of the realities of life. I have through life

half that which was stipulated in in mind the illusions and the sub- I ask but a field that is fair, the contract. There is no recourse sequent disillusions. They are A chance that is equal with all in

in order to obtain the amount for plentiful. We build up hopes only the strife,

which one was contracted because to find them shattered. It is a A courage to strive and dare;

if suit is threatened or any otber worthwhile experience to go And if I should win, let it be by means taken to obtain the face value through this if you can go through the code, of the contract, one is placed on a it courageously but it is quite satisWith my faith and my honor suspended list. Under such susfying to profit by the experiences held high;

pension, just try to collect! of others. And if I should lose, let me stand

Second, there is the opportunity by the road

A MORE radical case occurred for travel, to meet different people, And cheer as the winners go by.

about five years ago. A famous to associate with others in their

star was employed by a midwest- environment at no monetary cost And Lord, may my shouts be unern team. His figure was high to one. However, these particular grudging and clear,

so high in fact that on pay day he good points too often have devas- A tribute that comes from the alone received money and his teamtating effects on the individual, beheart, mates received nothing. The playcause temptations for the iniquities And let me not cherish a snarl or

ers were told that they would get are too prevalent. If one is travel- a sneer

it but the star must have his first. ing with his own friends and at his Or play any sniveling part;

He was the attraction and without own expense, travel is more wholeLet me say: "There they ride on

laurel's bestowed,him none would receive pay besome. The benefits of professional whom

cause crowds would not come. The football may be gained through Since they played the game better

star received every cent stipulated. more pleasurable experiences. than I;"

The other players received nothing. Therefore, I am thoroughly conLet me stand with a smile by the

cheer as the winners go by!Within—broke.the year the team disbanded vincedindividualsthroughwho thehaveexperiencesbeen successof Andside of the road

Many teams have had to disband ful in professional football and in midseason due to this same reathrough personal experience that So grant me to conquer, if conquer

I canson. The irony of the situation the game holds no attraction for the

is just this. Last year this star clean, upright, moral youth of toBy proving my worth in the

wrote an article in one of our popday. I commend the action of fray;

ular magazines setting himself up Christensen and Jack Johnson in But teach me to lose like a Regular as a martyr to professional football. looking the situation over and reMan

I pray.Thus, he sang its praises. Some turning home without having And not like a craven,

men will sing praises for gold, but played. Let me take off my hat to the war-

I believe that our men have a difriors who strode ferent attitude. We need money, (""F the fortyfour men who parTo victory splendid and high,

all of us do, but it has not become ticipated in the recent Century Yea, teach me to stand by the side our god nor do I think it ever will. of Progress football game at Chiof the road,

Professional competition is based cago, all had inviting offers to play And cheer as the winners go by!on different factors from those professional football. Only five of—Barton Braley,

S;>:-sSSKJSSS XmiXfi:'::>:::::::

lives rededicate peace"not to a "militant our kill crude scorning which, weapons of war that "While We Hail the soul, the the but with change cannot body Bright New Year''of the spirit will weapons conquer the world anew

T2ROTHER, Sister, in every land and clime, in His name.

"while we hail the bright new year"what are Brother, Sister, in every land, He has said, we thinking in our heart of hearts? As 1934 wherever you are, whoever you are that if you

dawns, are we ready to clasp hands with one will follow Him and will believe forever in His another across all national borders, across all seas, ideas, that you are the salt of the earth, the leaven across all race and color lines, without having one in the meal.

hidden hand on a swordhilt? Will you not with us find a more splendid

What we are thinking is likely to be a crossloyalty, a finer and a firmer faith in order that section of what the world is thinking, except for we may go forward from this day convinced that the few who are mad with a false pride, a false Christianity is practical, that the Gospel is alive nationality, a mistaken internationality. and potent, capable of rebuilding societies as His

'The kingdom of God is like unto a mustard ideas have rebuilt nations? Joseph Smith was

seed"flourishing and blossoming in all lands. If typically an American prophet, his reiteration of

those members of the Kingdom will keep an even Christ's agesold doctrines with a power as "one keel, if they will hold courageously to the Chrishaving authority and not as the scribes,"and his tian ideal and spirit, they will have a force like enlargement upon Christian ideas especially fitted unto the tide which though silent and calm lifts to our age and clime, has thrilled the souls of the largest ships, laughs at puny attempts to millions, for many a person who has not joined stop it. with us in baptism has felt the sweep of modern Jesus, the Master—of Himself—therefore revelation. Master of all things—had the supreme moral For this New Year we wish you joy, not peace,

courage which enabled Him to meet force with for in a Christian's heart there can be no peace of a smile, revilings with forgiveness, death with mind until His ideas have completely triumphed silence. Since He knew His own courage, His own and men have become brothers indeed. H. R. M.

integrity, no one could force Him to defend His honor with senseless oaths or blows or miraculous deliverances; because He knew His brotherhood uTry the Spirits'

with man, no one could persuade Him to harm another man. "DECENT occurrences that have transpired

In these trying times can we face this New Year amongst us render it an imperative duty deknowing that we, too, can send our ideas out in volving upon me to say something in relation to battalions to battle as He did without marshalling the spirits by which men are actuated. It is eviour fists and staves, our rifles and our bombs to dent from the apostle's writings that many false

force them upon others? Can we fight for a spirits existed in their day, and had "gone forth

seemingly lost cause-—-that of human rights into the world,"and that it needed intelligence

with a calm, steady, patient faith in ultimate which God alone could impart to detect false right that made Him the greatest conqueror of spirits, and to prove what spirits were of God.

all time? The world in general have been grossly ignorant

With simple words, but so loaded down with in regard to this one thing, and why should they ideas as to make them seem like laden camels be otherwise, "For no man knows the things of drawing from the desert to Jerusalem, He overGod, but by the spirit of God."

threw not only kings but the idea of the divine 'Try the spirits;"but what by; are we to

right of kings; he struck the shackles from the try them by the creeds of men? what preposterous

wrists and ankles of slaves even down to the time folly, what sheer ignorance, what madness. Try

of our own nation. Out of a twothousand year the motions and actions of an eternal being, (for

old past He spoke: "Son,"speaking to the negro, I contend that all spirits are such) by a thing that

'Thou art free. In the sight of the Lord God, was conceived in ignorance, and brought forth

If it requires your Father, your soul is precious."He left in folly—a cobweb of yesterday.

foolish high priests to condemn Him, a haughty the spirit of God to know the things of God, prelate to sentence Him, and a mob of His Father's and the spirit of the devil can only be unmasked children to deride Him, and ignorant soldiers to through that medium, then it follows as a natural crucify Him. He said only—"Destroy this consequence, that unless some person or persons,

temple and in three days I will build it again."have a communication or revelation from God,

The apostle thought He was speaking of His unfolding to them the operation of the spirit, body. Perhaps He was speaking also of His ideas they must eternally remain ignorant of these

I contend that if one man cannot which might be blocked or dammed, but never principles:—for

stopped. He may have meant also that He, with understand these things but by the spirit of God,

those ideas, would build temples in every heart ten thousand men cannot; it is alike out of the

down to the latest day. reach of the wisdom of the learned, the tongue

"While we hail the bright New Year"may we of the eloquent, and the power of the mighty.

S&SSSS&S And we shall at last have to come to this concluThe Secretaries of War and the Navy, together sion, whatever we may think of revelation, that with the National Commander of the American without it we can neither know, nor understand Legion, will broadcast a special message to the anything of God or the devil; and however uncountry's disabled veterans on Saturday, December

willing the world may be to acknowledge this 23, at 4:00 p. m., EST.

principle, it is evident from the multifarious creeds Two of the nation's outstanding literateurs, and notions concerning this matter, that they Alexander Woollcott and William Lyon Phelps, understand nothing of this principle, and it is also will take part in Yuletide programs. Phelps

equally as plain that without a divine communiwill present a sketch dealing with Christmas in cation they must remain in ignorance. Joseph the American Colonies during the "Voice of AmerSmith, the Prophet. ica broadcast on Thursday, December 21, at 8:30

p. m., EST.; while Woollcott will serve as narWhyCan tWe Understand ratortizationfor ofColumbia'sDickens'annualimmortalChristmas"ChristmasEve dramaCarol"

Each Other? at Other11:00 specialp.m., holidayEST. features will be announced

YKTITH "the invisible couriers of the air"bearing later.

messages of good will to every land from every land, how can we think of war, imperialism How Utah Voted at the reprisals? smaller Surelyand the world has grown

in girth will. Recent Election but larger in understanding and good

filter willVoices every land through from the T ETTERS from various parts of the Church telling invisible passages to ether of the our firesides in believe lead us to other lands both this andus that French, in the English, the the German, are in seeing there will be interested many who the the the Australian, Indian, Scandinavian, the repeal exactly regard to the voted with Utah how is a tide there heart this Christmas ZealandNew their constituthe of 18th and Amendment own all feeling for everyof brotherly kindness men is restrictions. tional here liquor given vote The believe where. beat our and them we not May counties. state will the be by Those know who to learn into pruningswords hooks and war make

analysis. able their to make own more?no The vote by counties shows: Below we are printing a part of the program

of but one of the great national broadcasting National Repeal State Repeal systems as an example of how, in words at least, County For Against For Against the world will be brought together this yuletide. Beaver-- 1,057 619 1,048 527

Box Elder.—2,433 3,090 2,422 2,907

Columbia Announces Christmas Features Cache. 3,347 6,447 3,165 5,983

During Holiday Week Carbon- 3,749 1,055 3,655 995 82 8 80 5 An international Christmas rollcall in a dozen Daggett—Davis 2,006 2,268 1,987 2,065

countries, greetings by King George V and WashDuchesne 1,176 1,147 1,159 1,034ington statesmen, Alexander Woollcott's interEmery—862 1,176 815 1,127

pretation of Dickens'"Christmas Carol,"and Garfield 268 889 288 835 special concerts by the Philadelphia and New York Grand—362 82 357 71

PhilharmonicSymphony Orchestras will be Iron 1,278 1,156 1,265 1,051 among the Yuletide features to be presented by Juab—1,618 1,071 1,600 1,018

the WABCColumbia network. Kane 114 507 115 477

On Christmas Day ten European nations will Millard 1,267 1,867 1,311 1,686 exchange Yuletide greetings with the United Morgan '369 584 363 542

States through Columbia facilities from 3:45 to Piute 248 304 267 269

4:30 p. m., EST. Musical and verbal salutations Rich 240 448 228 428

will be heard from Great Britain, France, Ireland, Salt Lake 50,495 17,928 50,204 16,970

Holland, Sweden, Italy, Germany, Hungary, Sanpete 2,454 3,265 2,361 2,928

Poland and Czechoslovakia while CBS shortwave San Juan.. 195 474 199 456

outlets will send America's greetings from New Sevier 1,442 1,797 1,318 1,604

York. Summit 1,989 1,091 1,933 1,028

Earlier in the day, King George will radio his Tooele 1,658 916 1,602 851

Yuletide wishes to the entire Englishspeaking Uintah 867 1,329 807 1,192 world and expressions of international peace will Utah 8,638 7,927 8,347 7,324 be transmitted from Australia, Canada, India, Wasatch 683 1,166 689 1,066

South Africa and the British Isles. This broadcast Washington 715 1,712 707 1,586

will be heard throughout the United States from Wayne 191 413 175 409 9:00 to 10:05 a. m., EST; 7 to 8:05 MT. Weber 11,836 6,534 11,476 6,003

From the nation's capital, leading officials will speak in connection with the Christmas season. Totals --101,738 67,270 99,943 62,437

34 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

The Older Univereralstudentand thein particular,Oxford andtheCambridgeenvy of oneThehundredschismyearsbrokeago outwhenexactlyJohn sities of England, hisSimilarly,contemporaries.in the realm of athletic Keble,mous assizein 1833,sermonpreachedon "Nationalhis fasports. The undergraduate at the Apostasy."The theme was elabOxford and

Cambridge oldercricketEnglishor his universitiesrowing philosophictakes his oratedhis "Tractsby Johnfor theHenryTimes,"Newmanwherein (Continued from page 9) ally. Such activities are enjoyed in he insisted upon a recognition of

for their own sake and for the opthe absolute and unbroken connecportunities they furnish for the cultion between the primitive church ogist, and, more latterly, Sir Wiltivation of friendship. The quesand the Church of England, and

liam Osier, without doubt, the tion of the final score or the query urged the acceptance of the Holy greatest physician of his day. "Who won?"is of secondary imCatholic Church as a visible body

The contributions of Cambridge portance. upon earth, bound together by a

are no less dazzling. It has been Each of the older universities has spiritual unity, although divided

well said by someone that "it is the also contributed many distinctive by national barriers. The controsingular fortune of an illustrious movements. Oxford, for example, versy raged bitterly for ten or

itsuniversity that of two of her sons was the pioneer in the university twelve years with Newman as (Charles Darwin and Isaac Newpress movement, by which the recentral figure. In the meantime

ton), one should have introduced sults of university scholarship and Newman had argued himself out of a rational order into the organic research are made available in printthe Church of England and into world, and the other into the ined form to a wider public. Camthe Church of Rome, thus becomorganic world."Both Newton bridge, for instance, took the lead, ing one of the most famous of all

and Darwin are fittingly entombed as early as 1873, in organizing the converts to Catholicism, notwithin Westminster Abbey amongst university extension movement, standing his onetime conviction

England's greatest men and womwhich, under the aegis of the that the religion of Rome was en. The brilliant work of Clerk Workers'Education Association "polytheistic, degrading and idolaMaxwell, J. J. Thomson and the has become a worldwide scheme trous."In 1845 he left Oxford

current researches of Lord Rutherof adult education. for good, and a year later went to

ford with respect to the nature of Rome to be ordained a priest and the atom, bid fair to perpetuate ]\TO discussion of the history and to receive the degree of doctor of

Cambridge's unparalleled scientific influence of Oxford Univerdivinity. Thirtytwo years later

tradition. sity would be complete without he was elected an honorary fellow

of College, Trinity Oxford. In rereference variety of to the some called also been has Cambridge at age, seventyeight years 1 879, of it ligious with which movements Is poets."of nursing mother"the elevated he to the Sacred Colwas identified. been has Methodism,it such names with any wonder, lege, the representations and upon as a at for example, Oxford, began Spenser,as Milton, Wordsworth friends, his created a cardinal of was evangelistic result teaching of the roll? her honor onand Tennyson in recognition, Pope XIII, by Leo fact, the term In Wesley. of John is lacking to one other nameOnly his servdoubt, distinguished of no first in applied "Methodist"was literary of glorythe Cambridge, ices to the in Catholic Church students derision those to Oxford insaid Everett 1864 William Britain. Wesleys, the in with who, company course, Shakespeare; ofmeaning

"the only one that could have used to meet together for spiritual The most recent religious develraised its glory higher."fellowship. opment at this ancient seat of learnAnother religious movement, ing, however, is the Oxford Group

TF truth, goodness and beauty are and one that has come to be known Movement, a socalled First Centhe greatest social and moral officially as The Oxford Movetury Christian Fellowship, in values, then Oxford and Camment, began with the reaction of which students and others meet frebridge have consistently devoted a small coterie of scholars and diquently at "houseparties,"where themselves to the highest ideals. vines, all fellows and tutors of they live for several days at a time,

Moreover, they have evolved new Oriel College, against certain "libsharing each other's experiences and and distinctive ways for achieving eral"teachings of the Church of indulging in the process of "lifethese goals. For instance, they England and in favor of the princhanging through personal testihave jealously guarded the univerciples of Roman Catholicism. mony."

sity tradition of academic freedom. The movement was inaugurated

They have encouraged, although by Frank Buchman, a Lutheran not always endorsed, the intelligent OneWay Street clergyman of Pennsylvania, foland sincere expression of all shades lowing his own spectacular "conof religious and political belief, By Edgar Daniel Kramer version"while attending a religious both on the part of their students [ IFE is a oneway street revival meeting in England. In

and of their teachers. This, in turn, -J Along which we must plod 1920, Buchman visited Oxford

has encouraged students to develop With laughter and with tears and Cambridge, where he is said face the of God. Toward interest toa in all public witness,"spontaneous by "personal have won though would undo And, we

severalquestions, students combined which, when who "surrendered or said, have wrought we What with that typicallyEnglish method Life is a oneway street, to Christ."A small group of his

of impromptu discussion, has made That we cannot retread. followers, among them a Rhodes

the British undergraduate in genscholar, went to South Africa,

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 35

where they held religious meetings and Cambridge, in spite of their Nowhere has this lastnamed in most of the principal cities. It checkered careers, symbolize the function of a university been so

was in this way that the term, finest and best in the field of higher clearly defined and so elegantly ex- "Oxford Group"was first applied. education. In achieving and mainpressed as in the following quotaStrangely enough, the movement taining this eminence they have tions from Albert Mansbridge

has spread rapidly among student thus constituted themselves "na- (The Older Universities of Enggroups both in England and in tional bulwarks against all that is land, Longmans, 1932):

If, acIt life."in is claimed academicAmerica. deshoddy by the

be independent and must A university uni- a works the to Flexner,votees that cording modern movement in the uncontrolled its inner life, and in with and within the Churches, and versity should address itself wholeexercise of its peculiar activity. Everyis not a new "ism."It claims to heartedly to the advancement of thing in the community may, and should,

send people back to their daily knowledge; to a study of problems conspireinherent topowerassist shouldit materially;lift it butaboveits ownany

work, "quickened and refreshed, to from whatever source they come, other institution so far as the affairs and bear new and better witness to the and to the training of men, then adventures of the mind are concerned. In

power of The Divine Spirit."these institutions have generally the work of accumulating and disseminatit ing as to instant so knowledge, must be especialcertainly observers, Disinterested now been—and are—in all be the center the schools, recognized of socially dubious are very educational university men, and the van of

this in so task accomplish and it must progress. outcome. While andabout its value

balanced area allow of as to no a way its the and movementcommending to understanding be unoccupied. human In these days of cataclysmic soleaders for their zeal and sincerity, cial change, when the moral and Always it must occupy the farthest bounds

they question, very seriously, the cultural foundations of our civiliof knowledge, even as it strives continually wisdom and propriety of the means zation are being swept away in a to expand them. If the university is to

employed. flash, it is well to consider the vital finest,do thesephysical,things, mentalit mustanddrawspiritualto itselfpowertheANY attempt to sum up the importance of education in social in the world, but particularly it must

achievements and limitations wellbeing, and the possible role of redeem for learning the men and women of the older English universities higher education in social reconwho are endowed with the gifts of scholarmakes it clear, at once, that Oxford struction. ship and advanced thought.

The Colonization hein theinspecteduniformthe ofsitetheclosely.U. S. Army,Miles beas theythe endplannedof huntingto do!andThattrapping.would

yes, the horsealso inspected that be the end of And, Goodyear would the trading Indians. the Hole,"thoughtof Ogden Hole men. with "Ogden

(Continued from page 15) old trapper, was becoming too So, when Captain Brown and crowded for a fur trapping center his men dismounted, Miles Goodbecause Salt Lake City brought year carefully showed them about

T'HE Goodyear stockade or tradneighbors too close. And now these his stockade.

ing post was located on the soldiers. "Nice place you have here,"

Weber River where Twentyeighth But Goodyear was glad to see Captain Brown observed, falling street today meets the sandbank of the army Captain, for he too was in line with Goodyear's scheme.

the stream. One of the cabins in an American, and he greeted the Even as Captain Brown had adGoodyear's fort now stands on men heartily, introducing himself vanced on the stockade the first

tabernacle square, a relic of Pioneer as he did so. time, the spark of the colonizing

city to the It givendays. by was idea is within him. burned had Captain He name Brown. "My a P. daughter Shaw,Mrs. Minerva place. liked the Captain's two James Brown, The C, Company Mororiginally Stone, P.of who Amos in resons, Alex and Jesse, were Battalion,"the Captain who mon

it it to hispurchased and moved the escort also Captain, the plied as Miles. with he with shook hands

place avenue from Washington on the stockade. California on liked way to "I am on my fortthe old or stockade.

business I thought government and 'Yes, it's not so bad,"Miles

The early trappers never atwe might camp with you tonight."Goodyear admitted. "It could be

tempted to colonize "Ogden Hole,""Certainly, Captain, come on in fixed up considerably and made however much they liked the terand make yourselves to home,"said more comfortable. The river botritory. They were content to Goodyear, motioning for the six toms are rich grazing lands. Deer

a headquarsimply spot themake of Captain are plentiful the streams around and men—escorts

ters business. their fur trading for advanced had are who trout."rich with mountain with him—toBrown aCaptain James Brown, inside. sturdy come

man of medium height, hailing The old trapper was crafty and jyJILES GOODYEAR, the trapCarolina, however,from North per, hatching boosting was he was a bold plan—supdifferent a view ofhad "Ogden site this liked pose his as a for a place Hole"army man colony—he"Ogden firstHole"came when he out! there well that colonizing enough come knew to buy would Goodhim

August 10, 1847, from Salt Lake year thought that perhaps the Morsooner or later and he thought that

City which had been colonized by mons might like to start a neighnow would be a fine time for somethe Mormon Pioneers. boring city to Salt Lake. Besides one else to begin. As for himself

As Captain Brown came toward he did not like the way the Pioneers he preferred to move on where it the Goodyear stockade from the were farming and colonizing Utah. wasn't so crowded.

sandridge at the Weber River at the What would happen if these green- "Captain,"finally concluded head of a squad of horsemen clad horns filled the valley with farms Miles Goodyear, "when you get 36 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

back from California you ought to corn now growing inside the stockif he had enough money with him buy me out."ade. And I've got a fine start in to buy up the land grant. He

But money was scarce in those livestock, horses, sheep and goats. wanted to colonize the site!

days, too, it seems, and Captain "You can start these boys of Captain Brown started back

Brown smiled and replied: yours, Corporal Alex and Private from California on horseback early

"If you only knew how comJesse here, milkin'and churnin, in 1848 toward "Ogden Hole"to pletely and thoroughly broke we when you get back."see Miles Goodyear. Miles was still

are you wouldn't talk about our The boosting of "Ogden Hole"in a receptive mood—trapping had

buying anybody out."by Miles Goodyear stuck in the been rather poor that year. The

Miles Goodyear wasn't so easily minds of these three Browns. Miles sum agreed upon in that early real

put off, however. "When you get started the negotiations for colonestate transaction was $3,000 for

site was back from California you ought to izing! Captain Brown left for the "Ogden Hole"—the

have a lot of money."California the next morning by purchased and Captain Brown was

"Maybe so, maybe so,"conway of Little Mountain and Malad now leader.

cluded Captain Brown as he turned and on over the emigrant trail, and Colonizing of "Ogden Hole"to leave the stockade and return to as he rode he thought of "Ogden began immediately, for Captain his men of the Mormon Battalion Hole"and of the opportunity to Brown apportioned the land out who were waiting for him and his buy up the land grant. among his soldiers and other settlers

escort to return before they camped who were attracted to Ogden. Next

for the night on the grassy slopes THE Mexican War was soon year found Mary Black, wife of near the stockade. "But it is a over, even before the Battalion Captain Brown, milking the Goodlong way to California and back reached the scene of the fighting, year cows and making butter and

again."and Captain Brown and his men cheese and sending it to the new

"You'll make it all right,"said were free to do as they wished. settlement now known as Salt Lake

the hopeful Miles Goodyear. "And They stayed for a time in CaliCity. And with the colonization,

remember I've got something to fornia and gold was discovered. "Ogden Hole"became known as

early sell here when you return. I own It was with some of this gold, toOgden—the name of the this land, a grant from the Mexican gether with the money which the trapper and not after Brown—the

government which gives me all the government gave Captain Brown Captain who started the developground between the mountains and for services of his men in the war, ments on which the city was built the lake and from the hot springs that Captain Brown took with him and colonized the place. And this

to where the Weber fork comes out back to "Ogden Hole."He decolonization—which was followed

lessof the mountains. Also I've got cided to return and see if Miles by rapid growth—took place

the best soil in the country, with Goodyear still wanted to sell, and than 100 years ago!

The Closer Bond beenthink theus wrongproud? thing?Are youDo crossyou Your fatherMOTHERhas been upset, girls.

(Continued from page 28) with us, Father? Why don't you go out in the garden

MOTHER and find some flowers for the jars?

MARGARET (Motioning the girls away.) FATHER

at the meeting, amiss What went Adelaide. send away, them Don't It to be seemed Father. We ate,

left David? you you When were It girls speak. that I must is to you the near thegetting so of time

as rest as the of us. gay and happyparty. the milk and bread We set MARGARET the curtains decked and As we hung Is a napkin. underon the table

that all right? the bed we spoke of how you (Turning pale and coming to

would enjoy helping us with it. her father.) Father, did you see

ELIZABETH Now all the gladness has gone out William?

(Tugging at her father's arm.) of your eyes. Can't you tell us? FATHER

Father, do go and eat. You won't ELIZABETH He met me at the meeting and

have over long to get ready for Please look at the tulip quilt. walked part way home with me.

our party. It's tonight, Father. We haven't had it out since we left

Did you forget? (Pivots away Michigan. (Seating herself on his MARGARETand across front of table to right knee.) Just a look about you Then he told you about—about

center.) See, we're all dressed up should make you happy. To think usr

in our Michigan clothing. that this is our home, all ours, ours FATHER (Father moves a chair up to the forever and ever and we'll never

back of the table, drops upon it, have to move any more! He's a fine young man, Margaret.

puts his head on his arms, and says I couldn't feel nearer to him if he nothing.) FATHER were my own son. You have both

(Gently pushing her away and chosen wisely if choice it has been.

MARGARET speaking wearily.) Don't jabber (He takes his wife's hand and

What's the matter, Father? so, child. If I should look around draws it to his cheek.) For my part,

Aren't you well? me as you suggest, it would set me I feel that such unions were made

to weeping. What sort of spectacle in heaven and that you just disELIZABETH would that be, your Father weepcover here that you have loved forHave our plans for the party ing? ever.

..?

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 37

MARGARET now, about things so long past as FATHER

Then you aren't angry about leaving the East? Where in the Yes, yes I had to tell him.

that? East is there such fellowship, such

leadership, divine and—another FATHER William? man like And he—MARGARET It just makes Angry? No. FATHER FATHER things doubly hard.

Because you have loved this valWilliam was ever one to speak

ELIZABETH ley so, and because we have all for himself. He asked me not to

It is hard to think of losing her. been so happy in building here—speak of the matter until he came,

But, never mind, Father. We'll Oh, why didn't President Young and he rushed away in determined

adopt the first four sets of twins speak to the women instead of askhaste. (Bitterly.) And I kept my

and our house will be lively as ever. ing the priesthood to carry his repromise! I could not hide the

tell truth from you. I'm sorry. FATHER quest? It breaks my heart to

chosen has that been our family you reLizzie, Lizzie, can one MARGARET how to valley of the the Weber. to move

is tongue so your sad when main Father. William Never mind,

. You'll be MOTHER will understand. tripping? And yet—

as unhappy as I am when I tell you (Almost involuntarily.) Ob (There is a knock at the door.

what President Young has given no! Mother opens it and William

me to tell. FATHER enters. Margaret moves toward

MOTHER The communities in that valley him. He smiles at her but goes

More enemies, David? It seems are in need of merchandising stores, directly to the table and addresses

and President Young has called me Father. that we have had—

to conduct of them. My expeWILLIAM FATHER rience in the oneEast—-.

sir, that you told me, After you enemies, More Adelaide—the MOTHER called been family had little fear your devils and of and distrust.

May I tell you in my own way? (Recovering with some diffito leave, I went to talk to President

success it a here I your that was And Oh, as Young. know WOMEN

. felt are I that for you happy to do, but thing bold I am me culty.)well—Father, etc. Surely. Yes, I great so a mistold to be trusted with understand. that he would

FATHER sion. Are there many families to him about Margaret and our plans.

Three years ago when I heard take the move? He says that I may also go to the

the missionaries in our home in FATHER Valley of the Weber. While MarMichigan, I believed. I brought Several families will be leaving garet helps you to begin again I

because you were and them to you, this valley. We go alone, I believe, shallher. beI canseeingcommenceher, andtothinkingtill the soilof too, receptive, prayerful you and settlement. to our

believed. Then came the word and build a home for us.

that the Church was moving westMARGARET MARGARET father.) it, toward (Coming I told you about ward. When

. I Father, Father, may patiently, said quietly "Let andyou ask you—her that Buttogether—we—alone,alone? We had plannedWildid you tell William? that beauty go."the us We left liam?

was Michigan, the prosperity that we enjoyed so fully there, our FATHER friends, everything. Never once (Rising.) Alone? Of course

did you murmur, and often I have you won't build alone. You shall

put my teeth on my lip and said build with Margaret by your side.

to myself, "If my girls can stand I'm not through yet. I can work

this so can I."Now we have com- a little harder and Elizabeth here,

pleted a new home. When I look will soon be able to take Margaret's

at the fourposter and dresser and place by her Mother's side. "A man

think how you and your mother is not without the woman in the walked part way so that this furnisight of the Lord,"and a pioneer! You'll build together, ature might ride and become a part man—

of our new life, I realize just what home and a life.

this new home means to you. ELIZABETH

MARGARET Oh Father, do say, "Bless you,

We could never have been so my children,"like they do in happy if we had not left Michigan, books!

Father. I have never been so happy FATHER

since as been I have wein my life to build and It does seem hard

I valley. that thereached know

best? again. build knows But who she because too,Mother is happy

build time home a new Every we each at hersings and because work it sweeter a closer, into we build this the in has beenthing new home result of her dream. Lizzie is alMonument at Camp Floyd bond of love and piety.

. Why do you worry (See page 54) The Endways gay—

Best Poems of the Volume the poetry of the "Foreboding,"by Frances Hall;CRITICS of

thirtysixth volume of The Attention Poets! "Amethyst,"by Fava K. Parker;

Florence Roofs,"H. and by "Low Era, Improvement this of which Y1\TITH number The in three the next were Townsendclosed the with October number, the Era Improvement judges, the but popularity with Neff,Dr. the of English head S. R. be37, volume new volume, receive will awards. nodepartment, University of Utah; gins. are ofOnce more we

Dr. N. Alvin Pedersen, head of the fering prizes for the best Mr. Culmsee, the champion

English department of Utah State poems of the volume. In adpoet, lives in Provo, but was first

Agricultural College; and Dr. Pardition to the regular I2y2 c a known to Utah readers when he

ley A. Christensen, head of the line, we will pay $10, $5 and resided in Nada. Rosannah CanEnglish department, Brigham $3 respectively, for the best non, is a daughter of the former

Young University, read the poems poems submitted and pubeditor, Hugh J. Cannon, and is

separately listed in the and them lished year, the during coming California. in Olive now living theirorder of preference. of Two this included. number is We the a of member Burt Woolleythem Skeptic's adjudged "The are to eager poetry our make staff Tribune. Salt of the LakeChristmas Eve,"Carlton by Culmthe best ever offered. have we lives California; in Hall Francessee, first; of as Provo, the other and read Bear Dance, You may in and Parker, Ogden; K. Favajudged "Sonnet,"by Rosannah Olive Burt, Woolley by by

Cannon, as best. "Bear Dance,"turning to the April number Florence H. Townsend, in Texas.

by Olive Woolley Burt, came in for of The Improvement Era. Prizes for the best poetry of the

an enthusiastic third place. present volume will also be offered.

First Prize Leap into splendid unity before him.

dawn, the glory of a mountain in Clothed A Skeptic's Christmas Eve Greater in Resurrection than before! filled kindled glory that the lungs, Glory that

the in sacred passion eyes of men, By Carlton Culmsee A rise where they fought join and them he would And (\NE night in all the year The hard good battle on the shining heights.

—creep near He could

this believe All could he fires that ruddy The in his youth, him warmed Christmas Eve On catch And glimmers weak onceclear of a truth.

in the breezes fields were pinions throbbing When

Strangely scarlet the little enough, candles And far, faint trumpets murmured, sweetlyDecember,sobbing. 1932.

even frosty glints And of tinsel shone

Farther electric than sharp any could.

scent could the Then he old mysterious sweetness Second Prize

Of nights when stars were glances of the angels

And Bethlehem lay asleep not far away; Sonnet

When truth, arrayed in loveliness, would beckon

With holy, irresistible allure. By Rosannah Oannon

Almost—thatOne night in allTruththe yearfor himhe couldlay shredforgetby shred THISCriesis theof yourtime absenceI feared,; herewhentheeverylittleplacevase

Dissected round the groping microscopes; You brought me filled with daffodils stands bare

More truth than any age had ever known, Forever empty now to haunt me, there

But cut to bits and labelled and laid out The chair you like, your books so worn and dear,

With all the lifting wonder, all the warmth Almost * * * almost I see you here,

Ground out of it, bled out, at least for him. At home once more, before the dreadful pain

And still the seekers worried at the truth. Reminds me you will not return again.

Grinding the pieces finer than the dust.

That day in spring, we searched the upper wood

One night in all the year his faith was strong For violets, you thought that nothing could

That some day he would thank them for their work; Mar our bright dream, yet even then in me,

Not for their mere material miracles Something cold stirred. * * * This cannot always be!

That helped him greatly in his daily toil, And suddenly I wept, so faint and numb,

But for a Vision: he should some day see Knowing the end to which all dreams must come.

The myriad scattered fragments of the truth May, 1933.

VEW gifts of anywhere near the same price would be aas greatly appreciated by many people as a year's subscription to "The Improvement Era."No matter where your friend or relative may be, an order accompanied by

two dollars will guarantee a delivery of your best wishes conveyed through the pages of this magazine monthly throughout the year with no further activity on your part. It is appropriate that you begin your subscription with this number for the reason that with this issue the new volume begins—the finest and best volume of the magazine

ever printed. Single copies will be mailed anywhere in the United States or Canada for twenty cents each. Others

have used the magazine for Christmas cards and special messages. This number, perhaps, would be appropriate

as a New Year's greeting to that relative or friend. Address: Circulation Department, The Improvement Era, 50

North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Crucifixion Faraway Bells By Linnie Fisher Robinson By Edgar Daniel Kramer

WITHOUT the holy city, Christmas Bells THOUGH I am tramping the valleys,

Men had built to honor Him, Though I am sailing the seas,

Hung the Lord, Son of David, By Elsie E. Barrett Over the crashing of waters,

bells, sweet Christmas Lo, I am ever more hearingThere to free a world from sin. RING out sweet Over the whisper of trees,

Darkness reigned, but in the blackness bells! Mystical music that swells

The Light was lifted up; There's need for songs your chiming spells; Up through the dawn and the dusktime.

And souls of men are drawn to Him The world is restless, overstrained, Ringing of faraway bells!

Who drank the bitter cup. There's lack of faith, fond hopes have

waned Though a road echoes my treading.

Darkness reigned, for darkness nailed Him, Ring out for more of charity, Though a deck slants to my feet,

A transgressor to a tree; For love and grace and harmony; Be the time summer or winter,

And the wicked, little dreaming All through your ringing "Union"stress, I see a treeshaded street

Boasted of a victory! And urge each soul io righteousness. And a house set in a garden,

HeCSto PealThat strongdown thethe messageyears hasonceroll'd,again PeeringWherein invainthe throughdoor a lassthe stands,twilight,

Of "Peace on earth good will to men"Shading her eyes with her hands.

Winter Landscape As angels sang of old.

Swing high that tones both loud and clear Though I have roamed the world over,

By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee May echo through the coming year. What have I gained from my quest?

Only the anguish of knowing rPHE ice storm left the trees all sheathed That I can never more rest, *- in crystal, That I am doomed to go seeking

And crystal hung the tinkling fruit that One Silver Star WithLandsmy whereheart achingthe firebirdand hearingdwells gleamed

In frosted silver on the glistening branches, By Veneta L. Nielsen Ringing of faraway bells.

Like unreal harvest in a story dreamed.

sleeps. CITY

ever walked where walked none hadWe hills plains and all thereon and Threads of Gray And Those A us. before

silent. Are

the footprints broke Bluedeep our Ackley Randall Hugh By calls a lone that Save lamb tender snow; stirs sleeping in a shepherd Or

save where world white was threads beyond of gray IThe those could know vigil lonely His keeping the forest IFI today hair in noticed your

It melted in the sunset's crimson glow. Peace hath been born! Were the result of passing years,

Hosts, singing unto heaven, proclaim the Instead of heartache, worry, tears, glory I'd still regret that they should be,

Of the birth; But it would bring relief to me.

Twinkle Tree The Star Immortal leading

To where are lanthorn glowing For, knowing well wherein I failed

By Albert Huish Chcistensen And drowsy cattle lowing. You and the sorrow thus entailed,

My conscience points to each gray hair rPHE twinkle tree's pretty, The long years pass. Accusing that I placed it there,

* Isn't it pretty! Men rise, they linger, and they rest As though to force me to confess

With lights that are sparkly Still seeking: My absolute unworthiness.

All scattered about; "Star, lead thou us unto Him!"

They're up on the branches (The old remember, and the young have Perhaps, if I had tried my best,

And down on the branches learned I might have stood each crucial test

Magic ones too, 'cause How, passionate, the long light burned.) When tempted to forget and stray

You can't puff them out. Out of the straight and narrow way,.

The city sleeps. But I lacked wisdom which it takes

"It's only a pine tree,"Bud said, Hearts that wait, and lights that gleam To guard mankind against mistakes.

"Just a pine tree therein That's all fixed for Xmas Are quiet. Now, each mistake that I have made

With tinsel and light."Only, perhaps, the silence knows Becomes a debt which must be paid

But I'm sure it's magic, How hearts, how lights, lift up and cry And all those tiny threads of gray

Really true magic, afar: I noticed in your hair today,

How else could it be "We ask it in thy memory Are braided by some subtle art

So twinkly at night? O, Silver Star!"Into a lash that smites my heart.

Church Schools and Seminaries The Logan L. D. S. Institute

By DR. W. W. HENDERSON

TT would be a good thing if more of the heart of the Campus and is so conthe ability of religion to stand the colthe Latterday Saints knew about veniently located that students can exlegiate test and as a result falls into a the College Institutes established by the change classes between this building fatalistic mood of religious inactivity.

Church at several of the Colleges and and any portion of the Campus within Many hundreds have actually taken this

Universities in Utah and Idaho, and the alloted ten minutes for exchanges very regrettable course. The primary

if they really knew what a great need of classes between all hours. function of the Institute is to forestall

these Institutes are supplying. I have Under the very able directorship of such a course, and to make the college

had intermittent contact with several Doctor Thomas C. Romney, the Intrained man or woman a useful agent

of these Institutes and have had prostitute has set up a schedule of week in religious uplift.

fits classes the schedwhich exactly at day thelonged association one with feature of the work of the A second the College, ule of and Dr. RomneyLogan. been em- I have To say that for is to is Institute opportunity offer an

phatically impressed by the noteworthy offering a rich selection of Courses in worship and for religious education on good these Institutions are doing seems Religious Education standardized on Sunday. The Institute Sunday School

mild. I find, however, in visiting dif- a Collegiate basis according to the best has been a phenomenal success ever since

ferent parts of the state that frequently of American Academic standards. All its beginning, six years ago. The Inpeople who are active in the Church these courses, not strictly sectarian in stitute building contains a chapel, with

have never heard of the Logan L. D. S. nature, are accepted for credit towards a seating capacity of three hundred and

Institute, and it is a common occurrence graduation at the College, and indeed at fifty, and two large class rooms.

to hear students say when they come all standard colleges and universities, to Logan that they did not know about so that a magnificent working arrangeThe third feature of the work is the the Institute until they became students ment exists, and students so inclined social. The building contains a magat the College. There has been no find it convenient to follow religious nificent reception room and a beautiful

effort, I am sure, to keep these Instithought on a plane and to an extent social hall. These are extensively used

tutes a secret, but it does seem, that comparable with academic procedure by the many clubs and societies of stuknowledge of them is not becoming in the American College. dents and faculty of. the College. The

Insticharacteristic of the atmosphere ingeneral rapidly. very general are three Without any very and There

all in procedure the tute dominatestention of the slighting whatever other features the Inin the of work worthy all students, socials that these so InstitutesL. established stitute. the D. S. extensive probby and most The

classes of daily in enrolled the whether I little likeChurch, a to tell is the the ably would important day most week the the Institute or not, under comeabout already mentioned. There the one at Logan—the one I instruction influence the Inof wholesomeknow best. thousands of young men very are many

The Logan L. D. S. Institute was and women in the Church and in other stitute and invariably respond with

established and began operation in churches as well securing a college educomparable behavior.

1927. The Church acquired grounds cation who would like to reexamine After watching the Logan L. D. S.

for the Institute conveniently near the religious thought with the instruments Institute from the College Campus campus of the Utah State Agricultural of collegiate procedure. If opportunity for a few years and after having had

College. The great rectangular square is afforded them they are likely to beassociation with its Sunday and social

which constitutes the College grounds is come, in fact nearly all of them do work, I feel that the whole body of indented at a very convenient corner become more usefully active in the the Church and especially College stuby property which the College had not cause of religion than before. If opdents should know about the Church

acquired. The Church acquired a portunity is not afforded them, and it Institutes and should avail themselves

portion of this indentation, so that the is most regretful that it is not in many of any possible opportunity to become

Institute Building is brought right to instances, the student too often doubts identified with one of them.

B. Y. U. Establishes Visual Instruction Service

T'HE Extension Division of Brigham have found that interest is increased; ture, athletics, biology, general science,

Young University, ever anxious to voluntary reading and effort are stimugeography, history, industrial arts, provide desirable service to the schools lated; learning is more rapid and more L. D. S. Church history, literature,

and communities of the intermountain effective; slow learners are aided maNew Testament, Old Testament, physarea, has established a Bureau of Visual terially; and failures are reduced. These ical science, physiology, and other subInstruction. The chief function of the schools have been obliged to send long jects.

Bureau is to provide suitable motion distances for their materials. Mr. F. Wilcken Fox is in charge of

pictures, filmstrips, and other materials The new service at B. Y. U. places the visual instruction service, assisted

for the use of the schools and semiat the disposal of schools and semitemporarily by Dr. Ellsworth C. Dent,

naries, stakes and wards. naries of this section approximately who has been in charge of the visual

Those who have used such materials 150 reels of motion pictures and 500 instruction service at the University in their classes properly and regularly filmstrips, for use in teaching agriculof Kansas for the past ten years.

M. I. A. and B. Y. U. Leadership Week Jan. 29 to Feb. 2

By OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

'"THE General Boards of The Young members of the Faculty and the adopportunity for us to rally our leaders

Men's and Young Women's Muministrative officers of the University and accomplish a greater amount of tual Improvement Associations always have given us complete cooperation in good than ever before. The General

inspiration furnishing the and yearlook to each forward new coming detailed are the planning inforBoards now

I. to workers. mation at A. Leadership theof M. Brigham Week

invite people our and program we the year affords theme This with "CharUniversity. us an ThisYoung

outstanding opportunity to rally out acter in the Modern World,"there everywhere to look forward to this leaders to this institution where the will be an added attraction and a great event and plan to be in attendance.

'.':'>:-:;: yV:,::->:;>:'v:::y:; *:":o.o:?:?:::::':-;;s

A NEW publication, The Priesthood 2. Prayer. world's history. Perhaps never before

"Bulletin, will be issued before the 3. Singing. have such mighty changes taken place

first of the year 1934 to be used by 4. Reports on appointments and asin so short a time. Political governthe High Priests and Elders in their signments previously made. ments that determine the destiny of

quorum work. The Seventies have 5. Consideration of quorum duties nations if not of the civilized world

their own outline. This bulletin is relative to established meetings, change almost in a day. Economic

expected to be indispensable to the needs of members, etc. standards that have been considered

quorum officers and helpful to the mem- 6. Assignments and appointments; stable and safe are peremptorily disbers of the quorums. ward teaching—visiting sick—carded and replaced by others new and

theological to untried. approach The will Bulletin contain in The

questions, origin to the of missionaries—quarterlymeetings, man and relaissue information only general not each assistingconferences—Sacrament

tive to the proper procedure in conetc. (See Manual, p. 53; pp 54his purpose and destiny on earth is as

ducting the monthly quorum meeting 55.) different today as is the method and

as well as the weekly group meeting, 7. Lesson: Priesthood Manual (15 speed of transportation.

but also a complete lesson on a Gospelminutes): It is the duty of all men who hold

theme, which will be considered conFor example: the Priesthood of Almighty God to

secutively throughout the year. The Subject: See Manual. keep abreast of the times and see how

Gospeltheme lesson will be printed in 8. Gospel Theme. "The Divine He overrules even the mistakes and

full in order that every member may Mission of the Prophet Joseph errors of men to bring about the conhave it at hand for convenient and Smith."(See article in "Bulsummation of His divine will.

careful study. letin"for the month.) Brethren, make your quorum meetIn addition to the usual reports and 9. Music. ing a means of keeping the members

assignments incident to every upto- 10. Current Events and World Hapwell informed and up to date.

date quorum meeting, emphasis will be penings. (15 minutes.) Regarding "things both in heaven

given during 1934 to three principal 11. Singing. and in the earth, and under the earth;

topics, viz.: 12. Benediction. things which have been, things which

1. Consideration of topics in PriestIt will be noted that there are three are, things which must shortly come to

hood Manual. topics which by their importance will pass; things which are at home, things

2. Consideration of Gospel Theme. consume most of the time of every which are abroad; the wars and the

3. Current events and world hapmeeting. These are: perplexities of the nations, and the

penings. 1. Consideration of Topics in the judgments which are on the land; and

The Bulletin will be issued quarterly, Priesthood Manual. a knowledge also of countries and of

as are the Gospel Doctrine lessons, and 2. Consideration of a Gospel kingdoms

will cost for printing and postage 25c Theme. "That ye may be prepared in all

for the four numbers or 1 Oc per leaflet. 3. Current Events and World Hapthings when I shall send you again to

To expedite the distribution of penings. magnify the calling whereunto I have

called you, and the mission with which the Under should Bulletin, quorum secretariesThe first heading—Consider-

I have commissioned you."ation of in the Priesthood Topics subscriptionsreceive from individual

members, send the list with addresses Manual, helpful suggestions should be and the money to the Deseret Book given by the Quorum Presidency relaThe Gospel Doctrine Class:

Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt tive to matters and methods pertaining No other meeting in the Church

Lake City, and the pamphlets will be to the Weekly Group Meeting. (See should contribute more to.the spirit of

mailed directly to each subscriber. Manual, pp. 4250.) brotherhood and fraternity than the

The Gospel Theme for the year 2. The Gospel Course to be studied monthly quorum meeting, to which

are those only worthy, propand who is: the Gospel Themes, 1934, is, of during Mission Divine1934 "The

erly rightfully enrolled belong. can Smith."Joseph

is a infretoo once However, month Divine Mission of the The cohearty the relying upon We are limit for as a a study of quent Gospel Joseph Smith Prophet Priests Eldersoperation of and all High least at themes. should pursued This be in the function our quorumsto make In order that every quorum member this once the each week. purpose, Forfields been divinely they have to which the lessons at may conveniently have is Class Gospel Doctrine organized andappointed.

his this part busiof the hand order of for their the Priesthood conducted and

Excerpts From The Bulletin, ness will be printed in the quarterly. wives every Sunday morning. Of the

First Quarter, 1934 Questions and problems for discussion necessity of such study note the fol- (Issued Quarterly to the Quorum of will follow each lesson. lowing divine admonition:

the Melchizedek Priesthood) The purpose of giving this in detail "And I give unto you a commandThis bulletin is printed primarily is to enable each one to study his lesson ment that you shall teach one another in the interest of the monthly quorum at home, so that he may come to the the doctrine of the kingdom.

meeting of the Melchizedek Priesthood meeting prepared to consider intelli- "Teach ye diligently and my grace of the Church. For detailed instrucgently the vital questions propounded. shall attend you that you may be intions relative to the purposes, imporThe time devoted to this theme structed more perfectly in theory, in

tance and order of business of this meetshould be a recitative not a study peprinciple, in doctrine, in the law of ing, members are respectfully referred riod. In other words, the lesson should the Gospel, in all things that pertain

to the Priesthood Manual, a Hand Book be carefully studied outside this class unto the kingdom of God, that are for Quorums of the Melchizedek Priestperiod. The First Quarterly will conexpedient for you to understand."See

hood, 1933, pp. 5155 and 7277. tain Orson Pratt's excellent treatise, Manual, p. 32; also 4445.

The following is the Order of Busi- "Was Joseph Smith sent of God?"DAVID O. McKAY,

ness prescribed: 3. Current Events. JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,Order of Business—Monthly Meeting We are living in one of the most JOHN A. WIDTSOE,

1. Singing. important transition periods of the Melchizedek Priesthood Committee.

42 WARD TEACHING it. Give them a careAnnouncement thing to take these young men during have them do

the two years they are expected to serve fully prepared program and send them

TN order to give new impetus to the as ordained teachers and send them into into the homes to teach. It can be

important subject of Ward Teachthe homes of the Church where the done. The Lord has told us that it

ing and to assist those responsible for members are in good standing. They should be done. Is it not our duty to

this work future issues of The Imare not missionaries expected to go give to these young men the necessary provement Era will devote an entire into the homes where there may be training and send them into the homes page to the Ward Teachers'Message contention, but to the homes of faithof the Church, where they can learn for the month and suggestions and ful members of the Church where they the meaning of service and gain a bethelps for Ward Teachers. Every will be treated with kindness and conter understanding of the Gospel prineffort will be made to provide inforsideration. Let them go into the homes ciples? We know it can be done and

mation regarding successful methods of this kind and you will get results. sincerely hope all will see to it that

being used and progress in securing the We say, if you want good teaching every ordained teacher is doing this activity of Ordained Teachers in this done, call your ordained teachers and work.

activity.

Ward Teaching by Ordained Ward Teachers Message for January, 1934

Teachers Prepared by OSCAR W. McCONKIE, Under Appointment of the Presiding

By BISHOP DAVID A. SMITH Bishopric

of the Presiding Bishopric Faith with force and energy. It is an activator that assures with a conviction

is the world's paramount that accelerates and impels to action.TF you have been studying carefully TTAITH

your Priesthood activity reports, need. It is God's rare gift, gained It is an absolving, saving power that

the Spirit of testimonies through and inspiring voluntary leads to God, will find that the lacking one mostyou. belief, passive Truth. It is not mere repentance. humility and isin that progress the of ordained

is heart causes the but of abanan and feelTeachers. that the inLord We

evil. It eternal of adds donment It Rests Object that Which Upon justtended should he do we what

life's to values experiences makes and said in should be Section done of 20 be- "believe to in ought God; profitable truth to Man mankind. more isthe Doctrine Covenants, and which

is, all lieve created that that he he and anxiety, countless Sorrow, forebodas is follows: Teachers'duty "The earth; in in things, heaven and both ings, are anticipations dreadful andto the over Watch always Church and all all that believe has he and wisdom, it. It strikes avoided through down strengthen see withbe them, and and

is that the supreme "he only power,"lightens hearts; doubt; laden heavy is there iniquitythat in the no Church, in Being, independent Governor and electrifies visions, illumidarkened andneither hardness other, each with perfection all fulness and and nates the the If soul. could one whom gain lying,neither backbiting, evil nor

principle faith dwell every and good life faith, world, without be would seespeaking, that the and church meet confidence independently."scant wasted. outline suggested Full A often,together see all also that the and

in his power. anchored But be should reearly in stimulates History Church

is their It surduty."members do

that idea the there be is: flection. must God It (1)prising are of there us how many who his is; a correct of understanding (2) 1. Is. Faith Show What isfeel that that ability the job beyond

attributes, character, perfections, and 2. theof to ordained master. If Teacher Object Which The Show Upon that course one's a knowledge and (3) will It Rests. follow through withwe some

life is will. to his according Withof

passagesother Section will of 84 we 3. Effects Flow Show Which The understanding of comprehensive a outfind the that says: if Lord any "And It. From sufficient these, exercised faith be may

spirit, in strong be the among youman blessings, to gain without but many Is Faith Whatlet is take that him with him him faith exaltation be cannot unto them that edified is in allweak, he be It a great Faith pearl price. of may to necessary are aphad. an They

is thatmeekness, he first the strong great world's become may governing perfect that assurance. proach with Healso. Therefore, take those principle all things, with with you over power that believe he to must "cometh God are ordained Lesset it the exist, unto are "they they whichwho by by

is, is a that of he rewarder them andPriesthood, it send before upheld, and are them or changed, they you by by diligently that seek him."

itto appointments to they make to agreeable prepare the will of remain and the way and to fill appointments that God."Without faith there can be Effects Which Flow From It

you yourselves are not able to fulfill. no power or authority; there could be

Behold, this is the way that mine no spiritual or temporal creation; no Abraham believed God, obeyed,

apostles in ancient days built up my man, nor any existence. It is the first and went out, knowing not where, and

Church unto me. Therefore, let every principle of the gospel; is "the sub- "it was accounted unto him for rightman stand in his own office and labor stance of things hoped for, the evidence eousness."By faith Moses, fearing

in his own calling, and let not the head of things not seen,"the "assurance not the king nor any man, fled Egypt, say unto the feet, it hath no need of which men have of things which they and "saw God face to face."Through

the feet, for without the feet, how shall have not seen."It is a spiritual force faith the walls of Jericho fell; kingthe body be able to stand. Also, the which operates by direction upon both doms were subdued; the earth trembody hath need of every member that grosser and spiritual elements; is the bled; Enoch was translated; the sick

all may be edified together, that the exercise of mental power, and is the are healed; the just are preserved and

system may be kept perfect."We bemoving cause of all action, moving to sanctified, and become the children of

lieve, and demonstrations have clearly exertion. It is the beginning of light; the mysteries of God are reproven the wisdom of carrying out righteousness; the stepping stone leadvealed, and the Holy Ghost is made

these instructions, that it is a good ing to God. It is to believe in God, (Continued on page 56)

PW$**mi, 'mi urn mil minim iminiwi flHH;:1 Suggestions for the New Year YKTITH the coming of a new year it for the conducting of quorum or class 6. That plans for quorum socials,

is proper and helpful for leaders periods and the activity programs of outings and pilgrimages to historical of the various organizations of the the Aaronic Priesthood quorums. places be made a part of every ward and

Church to establish objectives for the 3. Complete cooperation with the stake program.

that in Correlation order Committee objectives ahead.year of the Some 7. the of the activity program That all frequent contacts be with made Supervisors Priesthood should mayAaronic emphasized be Priesthood and Aaronic the in ward. to 12 young are: men 20 forhave 1934 effort to possible every that be made class 4. a adult of for 1. members That of the every Contacting member accept of quorums have members more

estabthe Priesthood Aaronic be should for in Priesthood theAaronic Ward fill assignments. priesthood and

in lished the in every Church.the activity ward securing purpose of some

in behalf of the Church. 5. That members of the Aaronic 8. That all the foregoing to be used

2. Making thorough preparation Priesthood be encouraged to engage as means of increasing attendance at

through careful and prayerful study in ward teaching. quorum meetings.

flaronic Priesthood Speakers in Sacrament Meetings "THE recommendation of the Presidrenewed for 1934. It is urged that bers of the Priesthood in the preparing Bishopric that a member of Bishops and Aaronic Priesthood Superation of the addresses. Excellent rethe Aaronic Priesthood be asked to visors cooperate in planning a regular

give an address of two to five minutes schedule of talks to be made and that sults are being secured where this plan in every sacrament meeting is being the supervisor cooperate with the memis being followed.

Lesson Outlines for 1934 T ESSON outlines for all Aaronic course number one for Deacons which men. When, for any reason, sufficient

Priesthood quorums for 1934 are is composed largely of faithpromot- time is not provided in the regular being provided by the Presiding Bishing stories, testimonies and instrucmeeting of the quorum or class, the opric. Lessons for this year continue tions. regular lesson outlines should be folin the series adopted some years ago. It is urged that all quorums and lowed and each lesson in order assigned

For the Priests the subject is Missionclasses of the Aaronic Priesthood folfor outside reading. Reports of those

ary Themes, Number 3. The Teachlow these lessons as they form an imwho have read the lessons should be

ers will study "Some of Life's Discovportant part of the training program called for each week the same as for eries"and the Deacons will study provided by the Church for its young any other Priesthood activity.

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Classes 'PHE establishment of special classes proving to be a most effective means movement be adopted in all wards of * for adult members of Aaronic for contacting inactive adult members the Church. Since the introduction of

Priesthood, those who have passed beand reviving their interest in Priestthis plan at the October Aaronic Priestyond the age of 20 and still hold the hood and church activities. During hood Convention, many stakes have put

office of Priest, Teacher or Deacon, is the coming year it is urged that this it into operation with excellent success.

Ward Teaching by Aaronic Priesthood encouraging greater stakes older the and satisfactory this work. being men. assigned with In some to go

is teaching being*""'OUCHresults of all ward to the part are being reported now a will that show It is hoped 1934

Presiding Bishopric from stakes and done by members of the Aaronic Priestsubstantial increase in the percentage of wards where members of the Aaronic hood. In many of these stakes the

Priesthood are engaged in regular ward best results are being secured where ward teaching done by young men and teaching that this plan is again being members of the Aaronic Priesthood do in the number of young men brought urged upon all who have direction of ward teaching in pairs rather than into this service.

Monthly Reports from Stakes TN the future, no monthly report from tee will continue as heretofore and Elimination of the requirement for stake Aaronic Priesthood Commitshould be made promptly by every the stake priesthood activity report in tees will be required to be sent to the ward committee to the stake committee. no way affects the stake Aaronic

Presiding Bishopric. The information In compiling priesthood information Priesthood Correlation Committee Redesired is being provided for in the for the quarterly and annual reports port. This is required to be sent to

ward and stake quarterly and annual Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors should the Presiding Bishop's Office monthly reports. The post card reports of cooperate wherever possible with ward by the stake clerk, who is secretary of

ward committees to the stake commitclerks. the Stake Correlation Committee.

44 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Meetings and Reports it will not become its applicain/""NE> to ofbe theconsideredoutstandingin themovementsAaronic mostChurchresultfultoday. Itmovementsis urged ( 1in) thatthe gressesmonotonousso thator irksome

Priesthood during 1934 is the Aaronic every ward, except those with a very tion, (4) that each ward, large or

Priesthood Correlation Plan. This small population, inaugurate and consmall, make the regular monthly report

plan has now been in operation in the duct Aaronic Priesthood Correlation of the work of the Ward Correlation

Church for nearly three years and has meetings each month, (2) that in Committee to the Stake Correlation proven its value wherever followed small wards the members of the bishCommittee, (5) that the Stake Correconsistently and persistently. Thouopric act as the correlation committee lation Committee hold regular meetings

sands of inactive members of the devoting sufficient time each month to where the reports from the wards are

Aaronic Priesthood between the ages this important work to carry forward discussed and appropriate actions decidof 12 and 20 have been brought into the visits as outlined in the plan, (3) ed upon, and (6) that Stake Commitactivity as a result of the operation of that new projects and activities be tees report to the Presiding Bishopric the Correlation plan. It is one of the developed as the correlation plan promonthly following the stake meetings.

The Nine Months Reports "DEPORTS of Aaronic Priesthood achood membership with 2,184; Grant by revelation with quorums or classes

tivity throughout the Church, covis second with 2,043 and Granite third being organized in every ward according ering the first nine months of the year, with 1,812. Five stakes report to Church standards. These are Curshow a substantial increase in prac100% quorum organization, that is, lew, Gunnison, Hyrum, Moapa and

tically all phases of our work. Liberty all quorums are fully organized acWasatch,

Stake leads in the total Aaronic Priestcording to the standard numbers given

Inactive Older Men in the Priesthood

TN answer to the question as to the were always held at 9 o'clock Sunday ing gone through the Temple with means adopted to get older, inactive morning. We always allowed these their families.

Elders'the to with Quorum. meet men service the Priesthood, into in onemen "It to seems this that be can me

to they that us they After proved report: this the bishopsof has made in accomplished cases nine ten of out

business, course of recomwe meant five from have advanced men 'We persistent effort religious and by on the Stake Presidency to them mended Priesttothe the Aaronic Melchizedek I the part Bishopric. only wish of any

in Priesthood. the for advancement First, a personallyhood. took up we that this had time more we kind to do

qualified their not these "These homes.labor with men were men in getting to of After work. once them

indifference, work, carried but the spirit any spiritual of do we put allThey started, secret I think the is in keeping and 'I don't care.'Finally we were five men to work: one as Ward Lithem busy in some line of church

successful in getting them to promise brarian; two as doorkeepers for all of activity. You have first to establish

picture includingto amusements, meetings. out to Only two our come the confidence people. of these You with a wondertheir promise, shows; kept one we placed and threeof them have feel that their probto make them

fully fine us. thesefailed again on the Enlistment contacted man We Comlems to are your problems. have You

their their mittee of together School. About in our Sunday homes, withmen their put yourselves out to shake hands

for his car if all drive did he asked waswives them and and children, to contact them, the and and if a man placed the call other other one let us we and man; on for themthey would this does usually he can win."Sunday mornings and take them over on the Building Committee. We gradto Church. This they consented to ually got these men to work in as Ward With the adoption of the plan for

do, so for several Sundays we called for Teachers. Three of them had to quit Adult Aaronic Priesthood classes the

these men and took them to our the use of tobacco, and today all five principles enumerated by this bishop

Priesthood meetings, which at this time men are very active, two of them havcan be used to excellent advantage.

Wins Trip to Century of Progress Exposition

T YNN ANDERSON, son of Mr. and Mrs. Care."The Western zone comprised all

J-1 N. A. Anderson, of Imbler Ward, Union states west of the Mississippi.

Stake, Oregon, won a trip to the Chicago for himself Exposition of ProgressCentury in a Sharon Stake Publishes Paper his teacher,and D. B. Raskopp, Mr.

national competition conducted by title, the Voice of Sharon,""The the TTNDER five trips offeredScholastic paper News. The a monthly newspaper is published by

five in zones. to of each the fair, one Young "Sharon's Cooperative EducationalRecrea-

1 his school senior 9, in a high andAnderson, tional Association,"otherwise as k,nown the S. Priest L. captured the ina Church, D. Activities of are people SCERA. young

honors in the Western zone. He and his prominent in the news columns with Priestteacher left for the Fair on July 4 and hood activities being given a full share of

returned August 10. He reported that he attention. Dee Glenn Brown is editor, Myrl

was much impressed by the L. D. S. Church Wentz, associate editor and Henry D. Taylor,

exhibit. business manager. The "Voice"is made the

In winning, Mr. Anderson passed an exmedium through which members of the stake

amination of 99 per cent on national and are kept posted on stake and ward activities.

international events from September 15, It is without doubt one of the most enter1932, to April 15, 1933, and in addition prising ventures along these lines yet underwrote a paper on "The Cost of Medical Lynn Anderson taken by a stake group.

,,:::"::[: 'v '''::'.':...'..:, '..:..,...:..:;::..::.'::.: '::'::.::

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General'Offices

General Superintendency General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD MELVIN'R.BALLARD,LYMAN, General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. LUCYCLARISSAGRANTA. BEESLEY,CANNON, J.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SO NORTH MAIN STREET ELSIE HOGAN

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Executive Secretary

1 1 'i i r 1 1 m i r 1 1 1 1 1 1 [ [ r; 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 t ri a 1 1 mil ifiitiiiii>itiiiiiTMitlifTiitiiiirfiiiiiiiiiiiMriiiiiti]|ir;iltlllfllii]iirfliiiltlliltiiiiiiiiiitllllllllir[llfJ(lllIlllllMltlllllTliriIlIMtllirilIflltriliiiiifiiiiiiiifiiiiiiitifiii[|llllllMlllllllllltJlllllirtllllltflllirMllllllllliriflll

New Years Greetings To Mutual Improvement andto beforstrongerstrengthduringalso tothedoyearbetter1934.and TheImprovementswiftness workwith whichis goingourforward,Mutual

Workers Throughout Let us ask ourselves how well we the effective way in which it touches the Church: measureour tithingup topaidChurchin full?standards.Have weIs sands,and thusespeciallyimprovesof thethe young,lives ofis thoucause

cost full of the for at to the share of contributed us of pause beginning our officers the executive the of YoungA S lights, this chapels, give churches, to our thanks providing and Year New"Ladies'and Men's Young Muit etc., as heat, divine to for possible to Father so guidHeavenly His make

send Associationstual Improvement we facilities help. those ance for for provide us and and

atto this of the opening you New experience to love training get and we filled souls hearts are with Our and thanks expression and an of ourYear real religion, in in teaching, that Gospel associated at pride and joy being with love, greetings confidence wfohour quality the that determines something in this cause. great thank you blessing. Weand actions? of our again for for support you your and

desire of outstanding human An to devotion the your partaken of Sacrament Improvement Mutual we Have live rather tohearts should than be well this for standards, regularly pray have and work worthand we done we since live actionsto long, man's and all ily? strength to to us that of come we

belief, result hisare religious the of you ideals to carry able be that on, our may in faithful regular been and Have we cost, agree time, atwill in that any as that so they advance and do we may secret prayfamily our having our and iteffort profitable or will prove money, still struggle that to reach harder may ers?if inalive in our succeed keeping we perfection happiness means which and fathers been and good Have weterest in activity things. spiritual and satisfaction everlasting here joy and mothers, sons have been and good we I. aliveIf the in keeps working A. M. salvation certain in Father's with our daughters? goodthis interest religious indeed rich then hereafter. kingdom

is reward. our frugal? wise been Have Have and we

It is not logic or learning, it is we lived within our income? Faithfully and affectionately your

not familiarity with literature or Are we living in accordance with fellow workers in the Mutual Improvescience that makes human beings good the Word of Wisdom? Do we M. I. ment Association,

and happy citizens. The spur to high- A. folks set an example in this regard General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A,

er ideals and accomplishments is rewhich not only our own Church people By George Albert Smith, ligious beliefs. observe with pride and admiration, but Richard R. Lyman,

To the prayerful and otherwise which those not of our own faith also Melvin J. Ballard,

faithful Christian "every day is a look upon as an evidence of our sinfresh beginning, every morn is the cerity and as proof of the strength, General Presidency Y. L. M. I. A.

vitality, effectiveness genuine and Fox, of By Ruth active LatterMayworld new."made To

its doctrines our Church, and its pracGrant Cannon, Lucy Saints also there frequentday come and additional opportunities to reflect and tises? Clarissa A. Beesley,

to take stock of current conduct and As neighors are we kind, friendly accomplishments. and helpful? Do those who live next

As an army of M. I. A. officers, to us or across the way look upon us Note of Appreciation

as people? they good Are and proud let us,teachers this and members New of the connection with Century TN to pleased associate us with to have and selfYear, give ourselves to over 1934,

in Progress Exhibition held Chicago children our play together? and theirsexamination seek opportunity an and

the past the National summer, Council quarrel neighbors with do our Or we I. a in orin an A. Fast meeting M.

disof States of the United associates? other Women and feel to that intense repentantMeeting

Social played, Science in the Building, Are homes of peace homes our ownspirit to pledge determinand our anew have the advancement made women love, happiness, and contentment andation best live in accordto to do our time. within that

ance the joy? with our with and own

Church ideals and standards. Answering questions like these will Mrs. Frances P. Parks, VicePresi-

Let us examine ourselves, in the light tell us how successful we have been in dent of the National Council, was the of modern revelation and in the light getting real religion into our lives, how director of this exhibit and found it of our own Church doctrines and worthy we are as M. I. A. members necessary to call on organizations affiliteachings and find if we are actually and how successful we have been in our ated with the Council to appoint at-

"honest, true, chaste, benevolent and efforts "to be perfect."tendants who would serve at stated

virtuous."If not, let us on our bended We are workers in a great, a mighty times as hostesses to welcome visitors

knees in the family circle and in secret institution whose purpose is to do good, and explain the exhibit.

pray fervently for the repentant spirit first to ourselves, and then to others. The Y. L. M. I. A. named Mrs.

..

46 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

Lucetta W. Reece who has charge of 6. M. I. A. Ladies'Chorus. Testimonial No. 21

the work in the Northern States Mis- 7. Speech (Length to meet the time sion. Mrs. Reese with her committee requirements of the various wards)—General Supt. Y. M. M. I. A. generously responded to our request, "My Country"—by a Senior Man or Salt Lake City, Utah.

for which service we are very grateful. Woman. Every ward Maricopa Stake over

How well they accomplished this as- 8. Singing—"Let the Heavens Rethe top Improvement Era drive with

signment is shown by the following total thirtythree subhundred I. A. four Choir and M. sound"—Ward letter: sealso secured. scriptions We have if choir the alone Chorus or the chorus

November 12, 1933 has not practiced the anthem. cured this season twentysix additional Mrs. Ruth May Fox life members, again making Maricopa

Dear Mrs. Fox: Notes: Those mutuals in America Stake a one hundred percent life memIt is a pleasure to confirm your faith will not forget that the month is made bership stake.

in the representatives from your ornoteworthy by having in it the birthDelbert L. Stapley, Supt.

and Lincoln. Apdays of Washington ganization cooperating Nawith the Received 11/20/33 at 50 North

readings dealing with these at the propriate tional Council of Women St. Main

World's Fair. men might be substituted for the ones

here. suggested poem, "WashThe

to "according a plan"Organized ington's Culmsee, Mother,"Carlton by efficient chairReese Lucetta Mrs. with Suggestions For last News in Era Improvement The

a hostesses of four upprinted committee man, read. to a February, be one would good Reporters fine the Ladies'held the of name Young his treat the suggest speaker that We Mutual Improvement Association.

has reporter an "THE A. news M. I. revethe subject angle of modern from the weather Whatever might be—and place in every important ward M. as passages a lation the using following all hostesses we've had

I. A. Here is an opportunity for reported on dotvarieties!—yourfor duty. Visitors to foundation upon which to prepare the

the exhibit booth were welcomed, given talk: Deut. 33:1617; 1 Nephi 13: service, interest and training all at the

a comprehensive lesson in the part or10-42. See Ether 13:1; Doc. and same time. Here are some suggestions

ganized women have played in the onCov., Sec. 101:76, 11, 78. These for making the most of the opportunward march of American women and references indicate that America has ity:

an inspiration for the future. been reserved for the establishment of 1 The chief ward reporter should

is if visit local paper, there the one in a national system headed up new have been heartwarming There in the the available or near ward ward executive other than a king and some tributes to the courtesy and uniform learn question. in should what that the constitution He of America was

hostesses. kindness share of of our A likes the editor of and kinds news inspired the how Lord. and Washington by

this appreciation the to belongs Young it like prepared. Remember he as the would as Lincoln, well framers the of

Ladies'AssociaImprovement Mutual like that editor that the news, but does constitution, in estabimportant were tion. limits limits. should he be has Those lishing the government. Washington,

Cordially yours ascertained. aristocrat training, birth bean and by

Frances P. Mrs. Parks

life risking his democrat, a great came or reporter 2. chief then, if he The Nationl Council\ VicePresident

establish free people. to fortune a and like job to she a thorough do would Director National Council he Exhibit Lincoln but not an aristocrat, was the organizainterest create in to and

risked the save and, to everything union staff retion, a a organize with may at to that are pleased announce We finally, free slaves the to and make division. in each the porter For the the Session Biennial of National Christian. truly land the the Scouts, the Vanguards, Men, Minstance the of Council of United Women

Girls, Girls, the the BeeHive Junior: in living Saints B. other coun- N. States, held 23, 24, 1933, November

etc., Girls, each the could have Gleaner tries their patriotic substitute may SecField own Wessel, Mrs. C. Former W. reporter a could or reporter, the ward their these songs for voice and I. own retary L. the A., of was Y. M. who

these contacts deof each with make in patriotism readings. song and for appointed Fox, proxy Ruth May

is officer himself. Every partments

I. President L. the A., of was Y. M.

source a potential of news.

elected the Secretary of Corresponding

Council. 3. The material handed in to the

carefully written be on should Winners in Road Show paper in clear, paper only of the one side

Joint Program for February Act Contest Announced heavy pencil or clear ink, or it should be typewritten. It should be the pride 1. Singing—'America, the BeautiOEVERAL months ago the General of the reporter to turn in copy which ful"—Ward Choir and M. I. A. Boards offered prizes of $15.00, may be used without the change in

Chorus, with Congregation. $10.00 and $5.00 for the best road the "dotting of an i or the crossing of

2. Invocation. show acts. The points of judgment a t.

to were organization 20%, reporter, 4. educawishes if he The be—theme 3. Star Spangled BanSolo—"The stagvalue entertainment 20, 20 material, should %, in tion handling news % ner"a Stain"or Flag Without "The possibilities clearness deing of 20%, the study news form employed good by Congregation or Choir Chorus and to scription to acts be were The 20%. will furnish reporters. mapaper Any refrain. in the join to duration, ten they minutes of twenty terial public reading study. for The

4. Flag Ceremony and Pledge were to be original, and they must is interested in When, Where, How,

Boy Scouts. have been presented successfully. The What, Who. Names of people should

acts winning first, second and third be carefully spelled out. Initials should 5. Reading—"The Flag Goes By,"

from "101 Best Poems,"or "Who place respectively are "Life's Greatest be correct. Often it is well to print

Gave You the Name of Old Glory?"by Wealth,"by Virginia C. Nelson, Wasnames, as the editor frequently has

James Whitcomb Riley, found in his atch Ward, Granite Stake; "Light,"no means of checking the spelling to

works, or a similar reading. If these by Mrs. Afton Free Baird and Mrs. see whether that n is an n or a u, or

or other appropriate poems cannot be Bernice Cheshire, Emerson Ward, Granwhether that r is an r or a v.

found a scriptural reading might be ite Stake; "Secrets,"by LaRue Long- 5 The reporter should do his work

substituted. See Doc. and Cov. 101: don, 19th Ward, Salt Lake Stake. so well that the entire organization

76, 11, 78. may be proud of the newspaper reports.

..

* * ERA AND PUBLICITY "THE Era campaign for subscrip- 3 Use Good English. Nicknames

tions is still of paramount inand slang are taboo. Study

terest and importance throughout current newspapers for style, esthe Church. While the first month pecially the "PostRecord."

is now past the campaign must not 4. Don't be Stingy in the Use of

cease the year round. It is important paper. Use a separate sheet of

that the magazine be placed in as white lettersize paper for each many homes as possible inside and article. Write on one side of the

outside the Church. paper only. Use a typewriter,

If the membership would come to if possible.

the support of the publication it 5. Omit Church Titles, except for

would have a circulation which members of the First Presidency it for give considerablewould power for the Stake and Presidency and this in also in other counandgood ilTIHwoMTO for the Stake President and ward tries as an international agency of Irma Bradford Carl Robinson bishops. Use the husband's

good will. Star Valley Stake Star Valley Stake name for all married women, for

The contest is not over until April example: Mrs. David P. Howells.

15, but even then Era and Publicity 6. Use your Calendar. Give the day

directors should keep following up and month, for example, November prospects in every ward. Stakes Leading in Num19. Omit "th"after dates. Omit

The standing as of December 10 is ber of Subscriptions names of week days, as Monday, here boxed. etc.

1. St. Joseph 475 Keep the Policy of Your Paper in

Hollywood Stake Makes 2. Fremont 466 Mind: To publish stakewide news 3. Liberty 420 -—news of the greatest interest to Some Suggestions

4. Maricopa 419 bers;the largestto favornumberM. ofI.ChurchA. newsmemasLJOLLYWOOD STAKE forwarded 5. Salt Lake 360 much as possible, but in the final

office to the of Improvement The 6. analysis let Hollywood 353 to each story stand on

a bulletinEra issued which was its merits. Stories concerning in 7. own 351 Ogden

to directors. publicityNovember ward any L. phase S. activity of are D. 8. 339 Snownake instructions are thereThe sound and welcomed.

fore are being passed on to the field. 9. Ensign 337

The editors of the Era will be happy 1 0. Idaho Falls 314to have other bulletins submitted. This Man Has a Good Idea

Percentage of Quota—We Pass It On

Hollywood Stake Bulletin 1. Snownake 128.5 Under a Cottonwood Limb, Ariz.

Good News May Be Found 2. Union 119.7 November 17, 1933.

Anywhere! 3. Curlew 116.5 To the Editor of

News stories are like wild game, 4. Moapa 114.5 The Improvement Era:

hidden from the eye of the inexperi- 5. Maricopa 107 * * * On this 1 7th day of November

enced, but decision. I made a I'm going a on visible everywhere to the 6. Star Valley 101.2

trained reporter. I'll and before many months 7. 101 mission, St. Joseph

Develop a Nose For News 8. Juarez 98 beneers,seekingthey outwho theare blooddriftingof away.the Pio-I

Reporting is not a Oneidea Job. 9. Fremont 91 expect to reach them before they reGood reporters are alive to all that is 10. Minidoka 91 nounce Mormonism like some I have

going on in the ward in which they live. met on my recent vacation. This is

Some Rules my plan—every two

dollars I have that is 1 Most Important of not working I'll buy

All, BE ACCURan Era for a year, have Never ATE. make it sent to those who are especially mistakes,

in names and addrifting. They will

dresses. read it and they will

2. Stick t o Facts. come back, and when

Leave your own they do come back all pinion out of the hell and highwater story. Beware of will not set them to

adjectives. Let your drifting again.

readers judge for From B. W.

themselves whether or not it was "an P. S. Stories—

unusually successIvy S. Olpin Frihoff Allen Inez Gibson Stargrass and Cuthful party."St. Joseph Stake Maricopa Stake Moapa Stake bert are fine. B. W.

.

liSI;:: rIi fsaiill

Don't be Sheepish terdaytions blendSaints?with groupDo personalservice?satisfacDoes should4. Resolved:not be permittedThat marriedto enterwomenacIf you are in doubt, be assured its each one adjust his every action spontively into business, the professions and

Adult not Aa dult as in baa! taneously and joyfully to the pattern politics.

of the common ideal? Is each one im- 5. Resolved: That the United

of inextinguishable love with an States take a of should more America of bued head B. NEFF,F\R. SHERMAN

all life? art of attained "the Have inaffairs in active part in European at the English of the Department

University of Utah, has kindly authorliving joyfully?"This is really what terest of World Peace.

attain. are striving to we conducted, formal debate may be Aized us to make

"Let us have more social since rather than joy in life."but enjoyment word "The ADULTthis assertion:(adjective or

noun) is pronounced with the accent forensic argument is the primary puron the second syllable."Debate or Open Forum pose of the meeting, it may be more

It seems this is one word lexicopleasant and instructive to conduct an graphers have been able to agree about. TF there is a Senior Department in open forum. A good procedure often

Such unanimity is all too rare these your organization, it is suggested followed is to have at least one main days among this group, and surely that on the evening of February 6th, speaker on each side of the question.

ought to be encouraged. Let's all join they be invited to join with you in a After these addresses, any member of

in making it unanimous. program that may be worked out the group may be recognized by the

Dr. Neff helpfully adds, "Other jointly by the department activity chairman and express himself. These

words frequently mispronounced that committees. comments or questions from the group,

have the accent on the second syllable A debate has been suggested and the however, should be limited to two or are: address, ally, adept, resource, disfollowing subjects have been mentionthree minutes so that many may take

course. Detail may be pronounced ed in the Senior Manual. part.

with the accent on either syllable. I 1. Resolved: That divorce laws The discussion may be serious, or if

prefer detail."should be modified. preferred, "all in fun."Some subPerhaps we ought to consult our 2. Resolved: That a 6 hour day jects will permit of either treatment.

dictionaries oftener. and a 5 day week should be required Local or community problems may,be

A monthly "Critic's Report"by by law. profitably discussed. Other suggestive

someone appointed in the group is 3. Resolved: That the school age questions for consideration or pro and

proving to be very helpful and is much should be extended. con treatment follow:

appreciated in many of our Adult 1 When does a woman reach her groups. "peak?"

The Dream of the Gleaners 2. How can we get more joy out of

"A Certain Something"By Helen May Van Cott life?3. "Will there be hermits in Heavthe Gleaners, dream of women? Do We Really Have It? \7\/E,

4. "Life Begins at Forty."perfected. anhood

My Dear Sirs: As we glean for helps to lead us on, we 5. "The true blessedness of man is

"KAINE is indeed a most unusual resee that future time when we may not to arrive but to travel."

quest, and if it is in bad taste, reap the rich rewards of motherOf course, if there is no Senior please pardon me. I am writing to you hood. group in the ward you will plan and

for information about the religion of Across tomorrow, troop childish forms; carry out the program yourselves.

the Latterday Saints. For three years we see infant faces, kiss chubby

I taught in your state and a very deep arms and hands.

impression was made on me by your Within the deepest recesses of our souls Build Group Morale!

there passing of timepeople. the With joy, childish hear of a medley we a. strengthening fellowship and By of the people of arisen thoughtshave calling cry, out a from or baby's neighborliness in group each week, asking I myself have foundUtah. for proour great the beyond, b. stimulating aiding every and By

different are so men they from tection.why effort self help. toward

elsewhere. I They meet all yet things,and women grow, mother we As we c. giving for opportunity By kindgraciousness, a a a charm,have childish lack, that as dream, we action. thought and

certainness, something comraderie, a a that for future yearn form, and d. furnishing recreanormal By

others. I to inlacking began wonder tomorrow. activities. tional

just why and have come to the concluOh God, who understands, speed on sion that it must be their faith. That the years that we must wait; bring

explains my request. on the time when this restless Please Report

Thanking you, I am longing may cease.

has Adult enjoyed unManual time, (UR 'gainst of the winds Sincerely yours, And standing this as evi- "usual season favor to the roundarms may we stretch

We hope this sort of culture is being eyed, trusting, childish forms that denced by record sales. The M. I, A.

developed by our groups everywhere come to us for counsel. Adult Committee would appreciate

through the Adult Project this year. So let us live these passing years, that your comments on any phase of the

Such "comraderie"counts. Does your we may thank Thee for our home Adult program, reports of what you

group radiate that "certain something"and children. are doing, and your suggestions for

which should characterize all true Latnext year's work.

mm

1. We wish again to stress the age hobbies. If you have laid yours away, the dishes away and the kitchen in orlimit for Seniors—24 to 35 years inget it out and give it an airing. der, then table games were played.

clusive. When a person has reached his Everyone present wrote a nonsense

24th birthday and until he reaches his "Of all the myriad moods of mind jingle. When all were ready they were

35 th birthday he is of Senior age. Try That through the soul come throngread. There was not a quiet moment.

to get everybody of Senior age into the ing, They dismissed at 11:30. The group

class. Keep the membership committee There's none so dear, so sweet, so sent thanks to the General Board for

on the job. Let them report to the kind, giving them the Senior Department.

class for one minute each month, it So beautiful as longing;

that art longst for thou For thou what active. peoplewill keep them New Birthday Party A transcendent one For moment in, of othersare out moving moving class a party. birthday gave (NE Before the present bare poor and report should committeeward. The

set, tables small repreTwelve were its sneering make Can comment."class be records that can things sosuch senting the twelve year. the of months report class to kept.well members Ask Set fashioning things your to hands sat at the People table that represented

the in of people of or out Churchnames quilt, fine dress, a hat, rug, needlethe in -—a month they were which born.

join. to invited There be mightwho clay, leather, in metals, work, work I If I were giving a party, such think

still rich ahead. experienceare of months If paint. the wood, could have you I should a appoint committee for each

2. Class Leaders are you encouragtool you most wanted, what would it table or for two tables. Each coming class members to read current magabe—a scroll saw, a jack knift, a potmittee would find what the birthstone

zines and newspapers and to clip and ter's wheel, a box of paints, a work was for the month and its meaning, file material for discussion, to attend bench, a case for butterflies or stuffed also the flower for the month and make lectures on vital problems when posbirds. Out with it! paper flowers for the table and for each

sible and take notes and report? In Read "Youth's Opportunity"by guest to wear during the evening. If

the larger centers there are forums Abel J. Greeg, in Parents'Magazine the 12 little booklets, "If you are born

where these things are discussed. Memfor November, 1933. and discuss it. in (January)"could be secured the

bers should avail themselves of such Committee could place them on the when it is possible. Reports from the Field particular tables and the guests could

3. Would the Stake Senior leaders Buffet Supper have great fun reading about their general characteristics, their talents, likes, I.select the Book, A. from Song M. their had WHITTIER WARD dislikes, points, failings, aptitudes, good of theprepared Committee Music by early Buffet in Supper Novemsuitable colors most to so wear on. and a that could Board,the be song General ber, after discussion period which was Discuss if themselves decide the and all as the Song. Senior Haveknown debate a fine. on

fits characterization Prohibition—very them, are which it all that the learn so membersward before, the deweek group whole The

all, to those peculiar common to some, the will in singing the StakeSeniors be cided the eagerly people and on menu those most prominent, in each one, rally song. Seniorsame suggested bring. they what song.—a would so and on. cards Score could be pro- 4. to be seems just to one read Makes about hungry MileStones—There vided results the tabulated, and each of the as uncertainty to meaningsome it. a it eat to delight Here it—what chairman his table could report the to for caption, MileStones, of onethe is

whole group.

class idea events. special fourthe The of sandwiches, kinds deviled Four Place cards a could verse contain or is class shall the of that each member eggs, beans, baked of potakinds two quotation the about for each to monthrelate experience of epochmaking an salad, to pickles, chips, potato cookies, read. tell activities Each could group of his inhis has that helped shaping own, ice cake, milk, cream cocoa, and and and peculiar games to the and month life, his in chosen strengthened him marshmallows! Everyone was UM! perhaps demonstrate beof some them better a his for coursecourse or changed thrilled. People, asked, Seniors not fore the group. Another game wouldone. that experience has brought An "Can't to party?"come your we The to be outstanding natives the of name reto orunderstanding awakened him invited guests the Bishopric were and local month, or outworld or known, its life opportunitiesalization of and wives, the Stake Senior Supervisor and historical standing events. months The desirea a experience, faith promoting* the Superintendency Presidency of and could be scored the notemost and talent a thefor education, of discovery the Mutual. Ward worthy the wins game. one it, to outdevelopor an opportunity master of ceremonies elected was A It interesting evening. be an would travel experimissionary orstanding affair the and to over turned was him are There ideas that will innumerable tell influenceence. of might one Or activity the all leaders. and 8:30 At suggest themselves to at such be done his he personof some upon stairs to Relief the Society went down life—howthe a party. thinking, ambition, orstimulated your they pergracious Rooms, which had

or faith, or helped you in any outmission to use and set the table buffet General Board Senior Committeestanding way—-physically or mentally, style. The men served the ladies and E. E. Ericksen, Y. M. Chairman

spiritually or morally. You see it is in themselves. Sociability was at its height. Dr. Lyman L. Daines

the nature of a testimony or experience It did not have to be created, it was in Lewis T. Cannon

the storymeeting. Choose you desire a every family. big happy John H. Taylor heart.—Just

it Prepare to relate. thoroughly and Speeches the guests Merrill and were made Harrison by R.

tell it simply, sincerely and briefly. some members of the class. Stories, Ann M. Cannon, Y. L. Chairman

Brevity is the soul of beauty as well jokes and good natured railery preCharlotte Stewart as of wit. vailed. Laura P. Nicholson

5. We again refer to the benefit of After supper the class cleared up, put Rose W. Bennett

IkWJillt,...

BateJordan team that Marlon WestThe New M Man Pin Changes in M Men to a championship Church man led

TH new M Man pin, recently Basketball Rules and have been serious contenders for adopted by the General Board, has TT will be well for all of those interthe crown ever since?

to limit the age the extending Bya will that design beauty of unique ested in to Basketball note M Men alwill birthday, be 25th young men to every proudmake and that there own been changes Man have major two M to continue playing addisome lowed is It one. extrawear of heavy an eligibility made in rules this year. the for

1 OK solid gold front so that the pin 1. That a man is now eligible to tional time. This, of course, will

has the wearing quality and appearance participate until he attains his twentyprovide competition for hundreds who of a solid gold pin. The pin is finished fifth birthday, when he automatically would otherwise be through. Alentirely by hand, which gives it an becomes ineligible. though, word comes from Pioneer

appearance unexcelled by the finest 2. High School lettermen are now Stake, the stake that produced Poplar

jewelry. eligible to participate one year after reGrove, that a senior basketball league

is in operation other stakes are and Executive letter. Council The seceiving School a High M Men

leagues. similarlected a quality such pin because they change, the age: planning concerning The first

felt that an M Man would be proud to it is, of course, obvious that a man We have been advised by Reed wear it, and at the same time the pin may play up and until the day when Richards that the Salt Lake Interwould not be prohibitive to any M he attains his twentyfifth birthday. Stake, which is composed of twelve

Man because of price. The second change, referring to High stakes in Salt Lake Valley, has made

But this newly adopted pin is more School lettermen: it is to be underadditional changes in the rules to fit the

than just a beautiful piece of jewelry. stood that a man winning a letter durneeds of their stakes. The changes are

It is designed to symbolize the finest ing a current High School year will not as follows:

If at any time prior to the end ofideals of an M Man. The pin is conbe eligible for M Men participation

ceived to represent the threefold deuntil one year following the end of this basketball year, which ends with

Tournament, the March Man of a completevelopment his in year the school he which an M won life—the th birthday this his 25physical, intellectual, is letter. other the as reaches and spiritual. date In words M Man

The winged foot is placed on the pin of the completion of the school year in is not allowed to participate at any as the symbol of physical perfection. which he won his letter rather than the time during the year. This was done

The M Man seeks, through organized date of the actual winning of the letter. to prevent a team's counting on the

sport, to develop physical powers that For example, a boy wins his letter in strength of men who could not be with will serve him well across the years of February, 1933, this school year will them when they were most needed.

a happy and useful life. An M Man end, of course, in the spring, making M Men are not allowed to play both

places physical perfection, achieved his participation in M Men Basketball for their ward and for a Commercial through sports, personal cleanliness, possible only in the Fall of 1934 and League team.

and the habit of clean thought, as the the winter of 1 935. The June Convention gave ear to

foundation of personal character and Brother Ken L. Stone of Taylor Stake,

social opportunity. New Faces to be Seen Alberta, Canada, and M Men Basketof knowledge lamp The is placed on Courts ballterritory.now embracesCanada anwilladditionalhave a reprelarge as the of intellectual the pinon symbol

achievement. Good books are among By Toni Tiano sentative at our March Tournament.

the richest treasures of an M Man. TT is significant of the ever broadenBasketball in M Men circles in Canada,

Learning is not confined to a class room. ing scope of Mutual Improvement has in the past few years, received

Openminded to all truth, an M Man Association basketball that effort has splendid support and we are assured pioneers courageously into all realms been made to increase participation even that "the North"will be ably repreof constructive thought, inspired with beyond its present greatness. Rule sented at the Tournament.

the truth that "the glory of God is changes which were recommended at Still another important change is the intelligence."the M Men Convention held at the dividing of the California and Arizona

The altar is placed on the pin as the Hotel Utah last June, are responsible stakes into two districts. This was

symbol of spiritual life. It represents for hundreds of new faces that will done at the suggestion of Dix Price, our

the worship of man for God. An M add lustre to M Men court activities. Church M Men VicePresident, and

Man is responsive to spiritual values. Each year basketball activity surpasses the Milne brothers, California repreHe strives through prayer to keep our fondest hopes in an improvement sentatives. Both California and Aribeautiful and real a Divine Friendship in style of play and keenness of comzona will have teams at the InterDi-

with God. petition. In the last few years at the vision Tournament here in Salt Lake.

A challenge faces every man who InterDivision Tournament the out of In our next issue we hope to have would wear an M Man pin. town teams, that is teams representing adopted a standard award for stake

Wherever and whenever the pin is socalled "Country Stakes,"have winners which is being done in accordworn, an M Man will be recognized. shown surprising strength. The ance with the wishes of the June ConPeople will compare his personal living Letter Man Rule will give these outvention.

with M Man ideals. His challenge is lying stakes an opportunity to use the The Improvement Era has graciously

to live worthy of his organization. surplus of M Men who, heretofore, consented to allow us regular space in

With his pin he carries the measure of have been barred by the High School its interesting pages and we urge you his own standards and the reputation competition ruling, and we can expect readers to send any interesting athletic of his group. even greater teams than we have had information to its office in Salt Lake

Jay Parkinson in the past. Do you remember the in care of Major Garff and Tom Tiano.

T'HE Gleaner Girls of Liberty Stake, are some who have been healed; the had a runaway", she said. The boys

with their mothers and class leadblind have been made to see, the deaf were surprised.

ers, were entertained at a tea given by to hear, the lame to walk. "Yes, we did, but how did you

Sister Polly Hardy at her home at 1487 Bring to your Gleaner girls men and know".

Harvard Avenue, Tuesday, September women in your ward whose lives have She replied: "I was praying for your

5, 1933. The three hundred guests been rich in spiritual gifts—men and safety and even though you were miles

were received by Sister Hardy, Sister women full of faith and testimony beyond my vision I saw you start down

Erma Clayton, Sister Wave Hinckley, to tell of the operation of these gifts, the mountain. I saw the reins break

faith that the horses and additional run be immay down Miss Florence Yates, President of soand girls. the in the hearts planted of the you and come away-—goback. I saw dugway Thenthe class.

The house was artistically decorated from the pages of their Treasure books proceed on your way and am thankful with fall flowers in the Mutual colors let the recorded truths concerning the to our Heavenly Father that you are of gold and green. A beautiful bowl gifts of the spirit be given. The folback safely.

of marigolds and goldenrods formed lowing is a page from such a book: Signed by Beatrice Hogenson

the centerpiece of the table with yellow "When my father was a boy of A Gleaner colored tapers in silver holders at either fifteen, he and his brother Pete had to Attested by her father, J. C. Hogenson

the drive over from hay wagon Newton stake officers,end. new Norma The pages the samwhich up make The

the to Elder mountains County. Box Vicepresident, Stewart,Goddard, Vera ple in the Gleaner Treasure book Maneast side the the drove of up TheySecretary Treasurer, Phyllis and and ual taken (Pages were 2050) from

well, very they but mountain when suLeader, in turn ActivityRichmond, it started the hill, they found serving. down thepervised Green punch was differentwere selectedbooks.for theThepurposedivisionof classititles

poured by Sis. Grace Fox, Sis. Louise very steep. My father held the reins fication of the material and to promote

tightly that they suddenly Sis. Elgreen, MarthaMadson, Sis. tightly—so

horses ran madly Sis. broke. The Ida Carpenter andLaura White, down Treasureunity in ofclassTruthdiscussion.books are asThedifferentreal

Sis. Verna Goddard was served with the road. The two boys jumped from one from another as the Gleaner girls

the runthe wagon. They watched sandwiches,openfaced cakes, and green girl reflects her Each who make them.

expecting team excitedly, away any candies.and gold stick individuality the in her book. She is

see to the horses plunge moment from seinstrumental vocal Various and valley the into the road below.lections, arranged Ida Reichby Miss As storiesone whoor incidents,writes orgetschoosesassistancethe withtrue

the a horses neared near long dugway, officers Pierson, class Miss Lois andman selects or her the does own illustrating, the the foot of that mountain, one year,of last the presented during were cover, type chooses the division of course of the tea. curved abruptly into a little valley, they titles and makes the designs for division

the followed road up and beautiful beginning of the slowed This to sheets for her own book.

horses the bottom. then turned Theyear's portends another successful work collection her the Gleaner gives From

season for the Liberty Stake Gleaner around and started slowly back up the the leader her most interesting story,

Organization. mountain. The boys caught them as then the Ward book will reflect the best

they by, the harness came mended and the gleaner group. of Stake work The feet, unto word a lamp "Thy my their journey. proceeded on leader search will the the parts of out a testilight path.and unto is my Thy reached they home their mothWhen finest will the which books Ward make I as heritage have takenmonies an forer at to gate the them. meet was "You Stake Treasure of then book, Truthever: for heart. are they rejoicing of my

I have inclined mine heart to perform from that Stake book send from three thy statutes alway, even unto the end."to six selections for the Church TreaPsalms 119:105, 111, 112. sure book.

As the sun lights and quickens the The Church book is being compiled.

things of earth, so the Word of God Some splendid material was received lights and quickens our souls. We last season. Many new books have

chose His written word as the field in been started and additional material which to gather material to bind our added to those of previous years, and sheaf. Each day we add one stalk of from them will come new treasure for

precious spiritual grain. A testimony the Church book. It is most important

meeting is a binding of our spiritual that all material sent in to the General sheafs. Such a day of binding comes Office for the Church book have the

to us this month. Are your girls reapname of the contributor, and their ward

ing in their daily lives the rich benefits and stake. If the experience is not a

of scriptural reading? Testimony bearpersonal one, the signature of person

ing will be the test. verifying the facts contained in the

article should be affixed. Only original

Project poetry should be sent. Gleaner leaders

as well as girls may send contributions

TN every community are members of for this book.

the Church who have outstanding A beautiful tooled leather cover in choice gifts of the spirit. There are shades of red, blue, green and gold with

some who have the gift of discernment, division sheets made by Gleaner girls some the gift of faith, and added knowfrom many stakes, is waiting for the ledge has been given to others. There Stake contributions.

.

iill IllfJMI11I ili; 11:;i..:iillS.s::i

"X A7JTH January comes to most peofidence of your girls than is a hasty, who have not yet learned the fundaple old and young, a feeling that mumbled answer, with at least a few mental joys of reading good literature.

life is beginning with a new chance for of the girls knowing you know not Are girls beginning to put this same doing things right, for making fresh whereof you speak. A teacher in a sketchy and elastic meaning upon the

beginnings. In the Junior class of the class for vocabularybuilding recently word true, which should be a synonym

M. I. A. there'are many reasons for rewas asked the meaning and proper for honest? Do Junior girls tell of

solving to make such beginnings, and pronunciation of a word. "I am not imaginary dates and telephone calls, many fields in which to make them—sure", she said. "That makes two I just to impress the other girls? A

the manual study, "Building a Life"the am to look up for you."And beJunior girl of eight years ago is today

I Forget", and the minor one, on her not to give them erroneous reshe had an overwhelming ambition to—Leststudies of the major project, "My Story cause of her frankness the class depends in custody, for shoplifting. At first

"Cultivating Culture"; the regular asplies., be considered the bestdressed girl in

signments for the Tuesday evening disschool, so she had clothing sent home cussions and the activity evenings with Activity Night- "on approval", wore it a time or two their novel features of questionbox, in public, and then returned it as untravelogue, Era Night, Mothers and Jan. 2, 1934 satisfactory. She claimed it was not

Daughters'Nights, etc. If any Junior dishonest; what do you think? What leader or Junior girl there be who has CO soon after New Years isn't it dewould be the natural step from that

let her Mutual connections lag during lightful that the program calls for to shoplifting?

the last few weeks of 1933, let her an activity, rather than just the regular Name ways in which you think girls realize that these things she may bury lesson? And on this particular evenmight test their own honesty.

with the old year, and a new opporing there will be no great responsibility Assignment for Jan. 23: Select girls

tunity is opening up before her. for anyone, as the program may so for the play to be given in two weeks.

easily be divided among a number. It (See Manual "Building a Life", page

is Era night, and in the December Era, 48 for play.) To Junior Leaders:

under Messages, a little playlet Mutual "V"OU have under your direction a was printed which had been given so 16, 1934 group of the most fascinating, consuccessfully in Pocatello Stake that it Serenity—Jan.

tradictory, youthful yet mature, impulseemed only fair to pass it along. "\A77rIAT does the word "serenity"

sive, selfimportant young people in If the play isn't ready, phone to suggest to you? Are tranquility

of similar peace Is serenmeaning? the whole girls of various ones Junior the of Junior class and and world—all

characteristic ity a are that, given which can be age of give each other one and a number a few minutes in which things besides. Until they are a few to tell a story, read a poem or explain you by someone else or must you deyears older in experience they cannot a problem presented in the Improvevelop it yourself? If your mother gave

realize that teachers and parents are ment Era. Great preparations are goyou serenity as a birthright, when must

living for any reason other than to ing ahead in some wards for a banner she have given it to you?

restrict the liberties and subtract from Era night; will your ward Junior class Serenity has been denned as a divine the untrammeled joys of girlhood. make a good showing? selfishness—the heavenly ability to reOccasionally there is a leader whom fuse to permit anyone to come into

the Junior girls all love, just as there your soul to spoil any part of your life.

is an occasional mother to whom all Course of Study Naturally there will be conditions and of them want to flock. What is the 9, 1934 situations beyond the control of everysecret of this charm which an older Honesty—Jan. one which will be upsetting, but it is

woman can hold for an adolescent "THIS date should see the Juniors possible to cultivate inward tranquility girl? Questionnaires answered by two discussing Honesty; and a discussion to the extent of living within this wall,

hundred or so girls of Junior age incannot be the expression of one person to a great extent, while the world rages dicated that there were three outstandalone. In these lessons, wherein the on outside.

ing characteristics to which they reethics of living and materials of moral Might this go so far as to make one sponded: a woman must have respect building are considered, encourage the unfeeling and unsympathetic?

for the ideas of the girls; she must girls to talk as much as you can. Discuss the ideal manner in which

realize that girls of that age were not Have the words "truth"and "hontranquility and serenity make themchildren any more; she must realize esty", with their varying connotations, selves felt in the lives of people who

that her own opinions and information come to mean something other than possess them; in others.

were not infallible. they should? Is a "True Confessions"

In addition to this, there is another magazine really a magazine in which Unselfishness important qualification for success in true confessions are recorded? Are Jan. 23, 1934Junior leadership—be willing to admit "True Stories"honestly that? Far

ignorance on matters upon which you from it. A few submitted stories are 'HE main feature of tonight's proare ignorant. Adam Bennion has given accepted and used, and much publicity T gram is the play assigned two weeks

to teachers the sage advice: "Do not attendant to it is used, also, but for ago; after the presentation the discusteach to the edge of your knowledge part true the most staff stories are by is of selfishness likely to be most 'sion fall off."you might good healthy writers A whose imaginations over run vigorous. Leaders select might from

"I don't happen to know, Irene, but time, and who learn to use the heartthe play a few lines which present par-

I'll try to find out before next Tuesrending heartsickening and adjectives ticular problems, and put them before is farday"to the conducive more conwhich they count on to appeal to those the girls for especial consideration.

The Vanguard Outlook LakeTheCouncilArchery VanguardCommittee Associationof the Salt mustning allcouncilshoot teamson the andsameindividualsrange for for 1934 announces the following schedule for the Church finals.

"piGHT definite features of the VanIndoor Archery competition this winter: kept conbe Rules should Vanball guard program New selected 1. District to be winners by each Vanguard before Comstantly

I. A. Copyrighted Y. M. 1933 by M. (b) or (a) system roundrobin Leader.missioner and over (Please changes note total: 1932) Fourround Studies. These 1. Badge Merit The in (a) team RoundRobin: Each exploravocational really arestudies XIII. Players, of Conduct Rule against district to compete been has ations. young man Many Coaches Substitutes and availin every other team any career vocational a intoled happy

inch halls, able using 28 to shall referee have power The Program. the Badge Meritthrough

disat convenient target most "point,"or "side declare or out"warn, 1 a a b n 2. Churchwide The V tance. runnerand Winner the or any for match disqualify to game this finals come TheTournament.

a percentdecided to on be up the followof player committing any full 24. Get and 23 Februaryyear

basis. age sportsviolations of gross or ing other Executives. Scoutinformation from

3. The Churchwide Archery (b) FourRound: Every team in manship.

Tournament. Finals will be held durdistrict to shoot four indoor ( 1 ) Persistently address the officials

ing June Conference. rounds on specified dates, total in regard to decisions.

and to determine winner Story score Retold Churchwide 4. The derogatory Make (2) remarks must runnerup. All rounds held during will be FinalsContest. officials. to the or about

distance, at standard shot be Conference.June to the acts derogatory (3) Commit feet at inch target. 28 60 5. The Annual Track and Field to influence officials, tending or actions

meets. These are conducted by each 2. District winning team and runnertheir decisions.

district and council. up and three highest individuals

personal or derogatory Make (4) February determined be 6. Outdoor must by The Program—Hikes, opponents. to This or about leader's district Hrets, Ceremonials, team remarks 24th. CouncilRaises, A substitutes also applies to and rule features for time. at this also are important chosenetc. should be These

shall the take A substitute activity.yearround will finals held be Council player. disqualified on placecoaches. a of Course 7. Reading The entries district 3rd, the Book 3. March

deliberate coaching by (5) No the Rockies"- of Heroes"Hidden convenient nearest the shooting on officials, substitutes or speccoaches, Project. the Readingand mailrange, length standard indoor

8. Marking Historic Places. Seving or phoning scores to Council tators, shall be permitted from outside

eral Vanguard Troops have already Headquarters. of the court. (See Rule X, Sec. 15.)

traditions troopestablished Finals Indoor on by erecting 4. Church places. March Rule XIV. Forfeited Game at historicmonuments Council leading 10th. Three

Postal Archery teams, one Leader team, and three Any team refusing to play after rehighest Vanguards and Leaders will ceiving instructions to do so from the

Tournament shoot in hall selected by Council Referee shall forfeit the game or match.

"TnETAILS of the forthcoming Postal Committee, mailing results to M. I.

A. rapidly are Tournament*-"Archery Headquarters for final tabulaRule XV. Decisions

tion. this plan completed. Underbeing

. of the officials Decisions the entire throughout teamsVanguard

fact are final. Notes as Sectionto matters1 of with to compete enabledChurch are

other teams without the necessity of District using roundrobin system Section 2. Decisions pertaining to

leaving their homes. Each Vanguard may use any ward hall, as winners are the interpretation of the rules must be

team of four archers shoots the Junior decided on a wonand-lost basis, but called into question at once if a protest

American Round once each week, rewhere teams do not actually meet in is to be filed later, but only by the porting the score, which has been vericompetition, as in the fourround captains of the contesting teams.

fied by an adult, by mail to the local matches, the range and target must be Section 3. When a question percouncil office. At the end of the four the standard Vanguard size, 28 inch taining to interpretation of the rules

weeks winners from each council will and 60 feet. has not been settled conclusively by the

compete in a Churchwide contest, Districts having more than eight Referee, but will be carried to higher with results being reported to the Vanwards should divide district into two authority for decision, the game shall guard Committee of the General Board parts for roundrobin competition, proceed as directed by the Referee, who of Y. M. M. I. A. for final tabulation with the winners and runnersup in shall make proper note of the protest.

and announcement of Church Postal each division meeting together in a All protests shall be in writing and

Championships. final match to determine council enshall be mailed or delivered to the Vantries. guard Committee of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Bulletin Sent Out The Council and Church Finals General Board, 50 North Main Street,

T'HE following bulletin was sent out must be shot on standard ranges. Salt Lake City, Utah, within 24 hours

by the Salt Lake Council covering Council finals will be held in halls after the game, giving all information not only the Churchwide postal tourassigned by Council Committee. Outavailable including grounds upon which

nament but the local council plans delying districts will use halls nearest the protest is based.

veloped in harmony with it: available to them, but the three win- (Concluded)

: -: liiii'i "'I.... 'MM I,:: f.. '..!.'..:'"..

in feels that outstanding it has been FairJohnston came to The ArmyBeeHive Calendar lines field in the BeeHive work. in the year 1858, camping The following

Nymphs: expresses in better language, perhaps, north end of the valley. They camped

after there three at our months, command, our they we have which to than March 6th—Guide XXIV—Aid to you: farther wishes to the south moved New Year's place now City. inHealth the Hive and

as there Floyd"and known "Camp March 13 th—Guide XXV—First their quarters. they built named TheyAid. The New Year

this place Camp Floyd after the SecreMarch 20th—Guide XXVI—First tary of War.Aid. "A year to be glad in,

in, consisted of between sad to The be Army Not City. Little March 27th—Work on

in, people. live and 2,500 year to 3,000 for Bees and A April 3rd—Sunshine

in. give gain and Girls. To FairfieldBeeHive creek in the diwas The

trying, for year line the viding for Bees and A between soldiers and April 10th—Sunshine sighing. for not And Girls. the settlers living in Fairfield,BeeHive then the

soldiers living side April 1 south on the and 7th—Sunshine for Bees and "A year for striving, the settlers Girls. side. livingBeeHive on the north

hearty thriving, A soldier wasn't allowed over the creek April 24th—Work on Little City. A A Bright New Year, or dividing line into the town without

Oh, hold it dear a pass.

Builders: sendeth, For God who families living in that few were The March 6th—Guide XXII—Mendlendeth."only He Fairfield at in time that living a were

ing (Foundation 4). fort. stone poor, were very They for 13 your planMarch I for myself ask wish would "The th—OpenCell No. destitute. soldiers ones the were Thening. you, is the each that sending one I am rescued the or saved people from who March day, be 20th—Guide XXIII—Unday each week a new may a starvation. helped the peoarmy Thederstand Beauty. each week, month and new a new in building them ple by giving work March 27th—Work on Honey month,—new in hope, new in courage, houses made up of five rooms, makingComb. opportunities. strength, in in new to for houses, the adobes build which

April is the past year gone and when 3rd—Guide XXIV—Beauty newAnd livchopping people wood. and Thein the Home. it shall that fear have no but you need ing there also soldiers. sold to the milk

April 10th—Guide XXV—Open also This gave means them which they

for planning. your

things—E. haveO. Grover.been new in achievements."used of necessity. for other

1 April 7th—Guide XXVI—Beauty

of Person. The army wasn't all made up of

History of soldiers, but of other people who folApril 24th—Work on Honey The

for lowed them seeking which workComb. Camp Floyd

the soldiers. provided was for them by

Gatherers: By Eunice Hutchings, BeeKeeper, Lehi In Fairfield at that time there was a

buildings of about blocks four row March is Fairfield (or a hisFloyd) 6th—Guide XXII—Service Camp long, hotels, consisting saloons, ofCells. the'it places of place, as one was stores, etc. March 13 I, camped. the Johnston by Girls and wheretoric th—Planned Army

BeeKeepers. being the BeeHive teacher decided it The cemetery belonging to the

March 20th—Guide XXIII—Nawould be very interesting to study Johnston Army includes about 56

ture's Phenomena. about it in our BeeHive class. I told graves of the people who died during March 27th—Work on Honey the girls what I had decided to do, and the encampment. It is surrounded by

Comb. they were very much interested. I was an iron fence. A monument stands in April 3rd—Guide XXIV—Dramaalso very happy to know that there the center of the cemetery, on which is

tize Messengers of Spring. were two men still living in Fairfield, the following inscription

Girls for and April 10th-—Open WilCarson and Mr. H. William Mr. officers, soldiers the "In of memory Planning.BeeKeepers the there at B. liam were Thomas, who citizen in the and of employes army

class I the came. took time April 17th—Guide XXV—Readarmy my at stationed died while Utah who Camping. evening, they to visit one them and reto Floyd from 1861 1858 whose April on Honey history as they us the remembered 24th—Work gave in this are interred mains cemeteryComb. it. written following was from The erected the Department."by War

the facts given to us by Mr. Carson and (See picture, page 37.)

At this the beginning of another Mr. Thomas.

year, the BeeHive Committee of the The cemetery is taken care of every

General Board wishes to extend to the '"THE history of Camp Floyd dates year and the fence is painted by Mr.

BeeKeepers and BeeHive Girls back to the time when the John- W. C. Thomas, a resident of Fairfield.

throughout the Church its Greetings ston Army, under the leadership of The soldiers left Camp Floyd in the and Best Wishes for the coming year. Commander Albert Sidney Johnston, spring of the year 1861, staying there

The Committee is grateful for the came to Utah to help straighten out three years and doing a considerable accomplishments of the past year and the pioneers. amount of good work.

Men PostPuberty—Young

Women 16 to 20.The Boy, His Nature theirthirteenthmothersbirthday.and sistersWithat aboutreligioustheir 1217 toto 22;16; Young

and His Needs fervor they are instructed by the "wise Other classifications divide the men"of the tribe until they know adolescent group as follows: No 1. Adolescence tribal secrets, laws, and customs. Early adolescence—10 to 14 years

age; crude middle of from blows with many adolescence—is of a Finally one This Editor's Comment: later their age; years of of or more one stone implements adolescence—1714 to 17to acquaint to written beingseries of articles

If out. years of age. are 2 1 teeth knocked front upper inforbest the with of Boys""Leaders

mation and source material available on they pass this ordeal in an approved In much of the literature past and the subject of the growth and factors of manner, they then are welcomed into present the period of adolescence has development of the adolescent boy. the society of men. They may now been stated as being a period of the

marry and enjoy the privileges and birth of a new self with a distinct break

A LL races of people, savage or civrights of men. with the youth's past.

ilized, have manifest concern about In one of the African tribes, after This belief has been due to uncritical the growth and development of their the boys are instructed by the "wise observation and an overemphasis of boys. The years from about twelve to men"their bodies are painted with a the unusual in emotional disturbances

twenty have been of most concern for sticky white clay. They are turned of youth. A careful, unbiased investithey are considered to be of vital iminto the brush and must sustain themgation tends to disprove this belief.

portance and mark the transition from selves until the white, clay wears away. The more sensible point of view emboyhood to manhood. In the meantime if sighted by a tribesphasizes that life is continuous, that

This period of growth is known as man a boy may be pursued and killed. while new experiences come in the

adolescence (from the Latin, adolesMany never survive the ordeal. physicalmental life of the "teen age"

centia, meaning; to grow to maturity) Not all puberty rites are as harsh as and, hence these years are important in

and is the state or process of growing these two reported. In New South the life of the individual, the years preup from childhood to manhood or Wales the adolescent youth is instructceding and following are also imporwomanhood. Incident to this develed in so kindly and fatherly a manner tant.

opment and as an initial stage of the and with such consideration "as to The upsets of youth during adolesperiod comes a time of sexual maturity soften the heart and bring tears to the cence years are better seen as lack of known as puberty (from the Latin, eyes."integration between physical powers

pubertas, meaning: sexual maturity.) These puberty rites constituted, for and mental and moral habits rather

This is the earliest age at which a the most part, the formal education of than as the salutary affairs of popular person is capable of begetting or bearthe primitive youth. Their purpose psychology and fiction.

ing a child. was to teach such social virtues of All life activities are matters of

In an attempt to understand boyobedience, independence, bravery, moradaptation, development, and integrahood and girlhood during adolescence ality, and unselfishness. It is evident tion. This is true of other periods

many interesting customs and instituthat little real knowledge of boy nature beside that of adolescence. It is fairly

tions have been developed. The primand needs are exercised in any of the safe to say, however, that what follows

itive and savage peoples have developed puberty rites. How well our own is greatly determined by what has prewhat are known as puberty rites. Our procedures and institutions are adjustceded. It is a point of wisdom to

own civilization has given us the ing or can adjust to boy nature and regard the adolescent period of developjunior high school organization in our need will be discussed in later articles. ment not as a thing apart from past or

public schools, an organization designed There has undoubtedly been confuture. Life is continuous and develto humanize the education of adolessiderable loose thinking upon the subopment a gradual process by which

cent boys and girls. We have the ject of adolescent development. Toknowledges, skills, and attitudes are

various youth movements for character day, however, there are definite moves acquired.

development, notably the Boy and Girl to clarify the purpose of training and In our further study an attempt will

Scout organizations to assist in the to gain as complete an understanding be made to present the facts of boy training of adolescent youth. The as possible of the factors influencing nature and needs and to interpret and

Latterday Saint Church has develdevelopment. No person or agency reproject possibilities in our present

oped the Aaronic Priesthood Correlasponsible for the education of youth methods of training adolescent boys.

tion Plan for the purpose of more can remain passive in these matters.

effectively supervising the physical, In approaching our study it should Biography all children in kept not mind thatspiritual, and social life of adolescent be the at same develop and growboys. rate. in 1.theAddams,City Streets,"Jane: "TheNewSpiritYork,of YouthMacThe puberty rites of primitive peoThere are, however, some central tenmillan Co.

ples were designed to initiate their dencies and grouping that can be made. 2. Baldwin, B. T.: "The Physical

youth into tribal secrets, laws, customs The following statement from "The Growth of Children from Birth to MaturUniversity of Iowa. inity,"Needs"rites His Nature His and initiatory rites. were Child, Theseand

3. Brooks, Fowler D.: "Psychology limits five "ages"the dicates of lasted the age sometimes impressivevery and

of Adolescence,"York, HoughtonNew to maturity: birth or from ofwere several Youthsfor months.

Mifflin Co., 1930. to Girls 3, to ordeals difficult to undergo forcedten Infancy—Boysperiods Fretwell, 4. Elbert K. Nature: "The

; 3 to 1 Early 0, bodies their faces or cases inand many of Principles the of Boy,"York, Childhood—Boys 2 y2 New

2 Girls mutilated.were of America. Scoutmastership, Scouts Boy 9; PreAdolescence—Boys J/2 to

In one of the Australian tribes the 10 to 14; Girls 9 to 13; Adolescence: 5. Hall, G. Stanley: "Adolescence,"

Victorian youths are stolen away from Puberty—Youth 14 to 17; Maidens New York, D. Appleton and Co.

56 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

6. Norsworthy, N. and M. T. Whitley:

of Psychology Childhood,""The New Oct., 1933 and Accomplishments—Sept.York, Macmillan Co.

01 s, 4 7. of O'Shea, V.: Trend M. "The toa CO 11 fti* 3 Valparaisothe Teens,"Lewis E. Myers o o> Conducting No. Wards toM

to in: Departments * O T3and Company. 5 S tofi.5"

8. Child: O'Shea, His V.: oa r> > M. "The c K4J H toCJ >OS OS fi ha a

.fiNature Valparaiso, Needs, InHis and

Eveni 2 GJb 3% STAKES M >> todiana, ta Children's Foundation The o to fio m to in T3 X +3u T3 o 8 Wards 9. Pechstein, L. and Laura A. A. Mc- f. bo 13U—+->$ to if S3 c

ionsGregor: the of "Psychology toE Junior High isf a o day.5'3 0) 2 fenaV oi 3 Pupil,"School York, HoughtonNew S3 p >C w.S3X A 3 OSfi <5 o 6 ft 6 O Sp, Mifflin Co. &PL, 'A \ fc.S flw r & MIC Q PhS W a) a s <u p 0) o

The Other Articles of This Alberta 12 Y.M. Y.L.|7 7 7 4 7 4 3 3 5 5 2 |Sept.|Oct.|5 7 7

Series Will Appear as Alpine 6 5 G 6 6 2 6 5 2 5 5 4 1 6 fi 4

Follows BannockBear Lake 119 8 6 56 86 5 37 25 26 53 1 12 86 86 9 1 7 1 8 5 8 3 6 3 9 7 9 7 Bear River 12 1 4 4 1 3 4 5 2 2 2 4 3 5 5 4 No. II. Childhood and Early AdoBeaver

lescence. 1 7 9 1.4 4 8 4 4 6 8 9 14 13 12 Benson 14 11

2 9 9 3 8 5 4 9 9 6 3 9 Blackfoot 9 7 13 III. No. Puberty and Middle Ado-

8 8 5 5 6 3 4 1 8 11 Boise 8 9 8lescence.

6 3 12 4 6 8 2 6 5 8 14 13 14 13 Box Elder 14

IV. PostPuberty No. or Later Ado- 1 6 3 1 9 fi 4 2 2 6 Burley 5 5 6 2 4

lescence. Cache 8 8 6 8 6 6 6 1 6 8 7 5

9 8 9 9 7 9 5 9 9 No. V. Factors of Personality DevelCarbon 3 1 1 3 1 3 1 2 Cassia 5 3 3 3

opment. 10 1 4 10 9 1 10 9 5 10 Cottonwood 10 7 6

No. VI. Indicators of Needed AdjustCurlew 7 4 3 4 1 2 2 1 1 1 2 4 4

10 9 7 2 8 5 1 5 Deseret 11 11 6 9 3 5 11 10ment.

3 1 9 10 11 8 10 9 8 6 East 11 11 Jordan 11 3'No. VII. This Thing Called Delin- 1 6 6 2 5 3 3 7 4 2 2 11 6 Emery 7

quency. Ensign 8 8 8 8 8 2 8 6 5 7 4 3 8 8 7

11 5 5 14 14 3 7 5 7 14 13 14 14 Fremont No. VIII.

6 1 5 6 5 1 2 Social Case Work—Garfield 5 5 1 2 2 8 6

Scientific Approach. 3 9 1 2 9 6 5 9 1 4 10 9 6 Granite 9

No. IX. Counseling and Guidance Grant 14 11 5 11 11 10 4 8 5 4 5 10 11 61

1 6 14 14 12 12 9 12 14 12 Hollywood 14 4 14 11 14 14 Appeal.The Human

1 4 5 5 1 2 1 2 3 2 6 10 4 6 Hyrum No. X. The 5 1 5 1 5 5 5 3 5 5 5 Idaho 5 Scouting Plan—An Evaluation. 2 11 11 4 9 6 5 7 3 9 11 7 12 Idaho Falls 9 12

Juab r 5 5 5 4 5 3 5 5 5 5 2 3 4 4 4

Kanab 7 4 3 4 3 3 2 2 2 2 3 4 4 4 6 5 Kolob 5 Lehi 6 5 3 1 2 3 2 2 2 2 4 4 3 4 4 4 8 LethbridgeWard Teaching 5* 4* 55 55 23 44 34 5 21 55 55 3 1 3 6 12 9 12 2 4 10 Liberty 12 12 10 12 1 11 11 9 (Continued from gage 42) 2 4 8 9 1* 129 8 8 11 7 11 7 Logan

Los Angeles 12 10 12 10 12 1 12 11 7 9 9 7 2 11 11 9 1 1 1 3 3 4 3 3 3 2 4 3 Lyman 8 4 3 5 1 1 5 4 3 5 8 5 4manifest, but as to the unbelieving Malad 4 3 4 10 10 5 10 8 9 5 10 10 10 10 10 7 Maricopathe of "wrath abideth him,"on God 6 6 1 4 1 2 1 5 Millard 7 5 6 6 4 desolationwith the for compensation, 3 1 fi3 4 1 1 3 1 1 2 8 4 4 4 2 Minidoka * 2 8 6 7 3 4 6 8 10 12 8 8 7 Moapa shall sins,he die in his "but whoso 1 6 7 6 8 5 6 5 2 2 9 7 Montpelier 9 14believeth in Christ, nothing, doubting 5 5 2 2 5 4 3 3 5fi 5 3 5 Moroni 5 5 4 2 4 3 3 3 7 3 5 5 4 6 shallwhatsoever the in Nevada he ask Father 7 5 4 5 2 6 6 1 4 4 7 4 6 Davis 7 7 7 Norththe it Christ shall name of be granted 5 3 1.... 2 4 3 6 5 6 1 4 6 3 6 6 North Sanpete

4 4 1 2 1 2 1 Sevier 3 2 2 4 3 4 2 4him, and this promise is unto all even North 3 8 8 7 3 3 6 8 5 14 6 8 North Weberunto the ends of the earth."12 9 1 1 10 5 4 11 12 12 12 12 10 Ogden

5 1 1 6 1 6 1 2 4 7 6 11 7 7 Lord The works with men, and Oneida 9 9 8 7 9 9 5 6 6 9 9 9 9 Palmyra 9 receivethey of to their him, according 6 3 6 1 4 2 5 5 3 2 Panguitch 6 6 6 3 4 4 4 4 6 4 6 1 6 5 6 6faith, Parowan rather than according to formal 11 2 1 11 9 8 6 3 11 2 11 11 6 11petitions. It shall has and always be Pioneer 5 3 8 4 8 8 5 9 Pocatello 7 10 10 9 10 10 10 7

1 5 5 3 6 6 3 4 9 2 6so. 6 6 If the earth. of It is a law men Portneuf

2 2 1 1 2 1 fi 4 2 2 Raft 4 River 3 is faith,had sufficient expewhatsoever 9 2 5 8 2 2 8 3 4 9 9 5 14 Rigby 9 1 4 2 2 Roosevelt 4dient 2 10 4 4 4 they this could scriphave. the Of

11 13 13 6 7 5 9 Salt 11 10 13 13 3 10 Lake 111 13tures witness, bear believes he but fi who 7 1 3 1 2 6 3 5 7 4 Francisco 7 4 11 San 7 3 1 3 8 3 1 3 1 2in 3 3 3 3 3 San Juan additional the Son witness has an 1 2 2 1 2 1 1 2 3 3 3 Luis 3 San 3 2within himself. him the To 3 5 6 1 2 3 8 8 2 8 Lord's Sevier 6 8 3

7 is 1 4 5 7 4 5 2 5 4 9 7 5 5 7 short, 4 nothand 6 does he Shelley nor waxed 1 6 6 3 1 2 1 6 4 6 6 Sharon 7 6 5 fear thatdoubt nor the the Lord, 6 11 3 fi 10 2 9 3 11 11 7 2 11 12 Snowflake 12 fi 4 creator of all things, is incompetent or South Davis 8 8 8 8 8 5 5 4 4 6 8 8 8 unwilling to correct occurring disSouthSouth SevierSanpete 78 77 8 86 78 5* 77 36 13 73 42 44 44 7fi 77 5fi orders. His hope is unblinded by curStar Valley 11 8 8 8 5 7 4 3 6 2 4 1 5 5 7

rent abracadabra or by conventionalSt.St. JohnsGeorge 97 2 54 43 53 21 44 4 21 42 21 24 11 23 33 23

ities. It rests secure in the Lord's St. Joseph 15 6 5 6 4 4 4 6 5 5 1 2 5 5

might. To him, nothing is too hard TaylorSummit 146 5 5 44 55 23 35 24 15 12 13 4 3 35 45 44

for the Lord. "The hour of danger Timpanogos 6 6 4 6 1 6 6 6 6 6 2

is the hour of courage."His faith TooeleTintic 104 2 49 6 49 1 18 41 41 5 11 1 3 47 48 47

supplies the courage. Like a sturdy Twin Falls 4 4 4 4 2 3 2 2 3 1 1 4 4 4

ship, with sails set, he plows the UnionUintah 105 5 85 55 75 42 46 34 22 33 33 33 11 73 75 7 waves, fearing not the storm. He Utah 9 9 9 9 4 9 9 3 8 3 5 9 9 9

9 1 1 4 7 8 6 8 9 9 9 9 8 Wasatch is thatknows him, with with God 1 2 1 1 2 3 1 7 3 7 Wayne fi might, that aidpower and divine 1 8 and 2 9 1 7 9 6 9 7 9 8 Weber fi fi 3 4 5 5 4 3 3 6 6 4 8 5 5 Jordan Westwill if fortify cause, just his every 1 2 5 5 5 1 2 4 3 5 5 5 5 Woodruff 4 full fears obediencewith 1 he 2 7 but none 3 2 5 6 4 6 6 9 10 5 10 Yellowstone 6 10 if in waitsGod, and faith he and ZionCalif.ParkMission 477 25 225 225 225 42 224 152 92 112 143 10 2 195 215 185

for thewatches salvation of the Lord.

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 57

That will bring her around. She

Oct., 1933 would be afraid you might tell.Accomplishments—Sept. and

that the would power of Think S3 s 2"Em.a 11 give you."003 o No. Wards Conducting u Hallie. is I want, power "It not in: Departments toC i0) *abe o so Is approval."but w fao >, S 3 h darling. squeamish, S be.s "Don't Even STAKES 1 c H 0.5 CO fa<% o >>fa o 1J in m she the would exactly It's u way T3 faW

Wards ho sOS00 fasi $W uas Sm similar circumtreat under you ions: u "g.5'5 I; SB 2

. 03fa stances."[fj dayH fas>c 3 O itp, O o. 6 a)p< 3 6 6 J> quietly, fcs PhOQ said tf Etta fc.S fcfi fc 3Swwn Q03 s o "And,"0) Qsifa 2 w % o

|Sept.|Oct. Y.M.|Y.L.| after all, the that be, "might not

1 5 7 3 1 3Canadian Mission.. 6 3 1 2 2| having difference between 3 1 1 8 6No'western States 33 11 11 10 11 6| 5 4 | 101 U3 36 greatest

1 1 11 1 1Western States States.... 4 6 1Northern 6 4 4'| 4 4 1 1 15 51 21 in one's veins the blood of royalty 16

and the blood of Kings?"

* Stake. "I'm properly rebuked, but unless you can make her fear you—."

"We always hate the thing we The Blood of Mrs.dear, it'sSpraguegoing theto beevila positivenews! joy!My iffear.possible."No, I want her to love me,

I shall leave Hee! nothing. out "It isn't. She couldn't loveKings (Continued from page 12) its compensations. genealogy has anybody."

Good luck, my child, good luck!""Now I'll reveal my plan. ToHallie next evening evil when the received The Sprague Mrs. day "I'll right doit held She now."calmly Etta arrived she found ever she If home ancestry. of her news herout hand.

is fudge. stirring it of She a pan pie flew is eat to humble going pages, were There a good many her, a to to ask dozen I embrace write Listen, what and now.for job, Etta done no halfway had questions. tell you."the a tracing back goneand had

I've for a story "Hallie, your sob wrote. Hallievery long way.

last. section feature at Get your

MiLISS McCARR looked pencil."They sat down and Etta told 1 HE next day Etta

Bill. a looked surprise, hagsee time or in evident toup He two went mother, Bill and Bill's all—about his sweetat she look until speak didbut not one gard, she had but everyabout about the ancestors,

finished. Then it was with the thing. About the beachcomber heart transformed him.

air genealogist. true "Bill,pleased trump of the I'm playing my about Sawdust King and Sue—and that your III See to it of England Sunday. Henry ancestry that "To began with card her own

without a break! Marvelous! My Henry III. mother reads the Sunday Posf. If

dear, I congratulate you!"She Hallie was squealing with delight possible get it into her hands withheld out her hand. "You've the when she finished. out seeming to do so. Underblood of Kings in your veins!""My dear, what a story! It will stand?"

Etta laughed and shrugged. "So set the town on fire! The snooty "Perfectly. And then—?"

has Mrs. Sprague."Spragues humbled! And what "Don't read it beforehand your-

"Beachcomber Kings! Yes. Ah, sweet revenge for you. Etta, it's self. It might cramp your style.

Mrs. Sprague! And she was going immense!"After you're sure she's read it be

to be so pleased to have descended "Now,"Etta, said calmly, "tear very glum. Take her aside. Tell

from the nobility. Poor thing!"the story up."her ancestors don't count and all

She got up, chuckling, and re- "Etta!"It was a wail. "Why, that old spiel. Is all clear?"

clear as that brick wall, butmoved her coat and hat. it's a scoop—for me, and revenge "As

I'll do anything you say, Etta.""I'm resigning, Miss McCarr."for you. What—."Miss McCarr was arrested in the "I don't want revenge. I only "Atta boy. Now bye."

Bill woke with act of fluffing her oldfashioned want Bill—on my own terms. Bill Sunday morning

pompadour. Dismay spread over thinks he would be happy with me a sense of something pending. It

her tired, plump features. regardless. He probably wouldn't. was early, he was sleepy. He

just beHe would be thrown out of the turned over, then it stabbed him.

a dressfell grabbed of bed, out his to in "But—why—you'revaluable me. worldcoming He My firm—everything

hall, into the I dashed I said, ing and your heavens, be lopsided. don't tell gown anwould As me

cestry has gone to your head!"want Bill more than I want anydown the bare polished treads, vy

"No, to my feet. It's sending thing on earth, but on my own to his bare feet, to the lower floor.

me home. Listen."They sat terms, and those terms are his He ran smack into Hobbs in the

down side by side and Etta told her mother's approval; my acceptance pantry, preparing a breakfast tray.

a story. It was a true story. When into the family. Not for myself, "Is*iTj that* mother'sft tray?"

she had finished Miss McCarr was Hal, for Bill."it is, sir.

laughing gleefully. She slapped "I see, dear.""What papers are those?"

her thick thigh with a plump hand, They were silent a moment, then "The Commercial and the Bulshe shook Etta in a frenzy of deHallie spoke. "I've a plan, Etta. letin, sir."

light. Let Mrs. Sprague know that you "I think she prefers the Posf.

"And I was dreading telling know about her King ancestry. Where is the Posf, Hobbs?"

58 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

"She doesn't care for the Post, of Miss McCarr's Genealogical Mrs. Sprague was considering.

sir. Service, Washington, D. C, has To have a daughterin-law of royal

"Oh, yes she does. She loves discovered that she is a direct dedescent was no mean distinction.

the Posf, she adores the Post. scendent of Henry III of England. It could be played upon. But

There. Now listen, Hobbs. I'm Not only was her ancestry traced and this gave her pause what did

sound asleep upstairs and have been to royalty, but Miss Callender that girl know about the King all morning. You don't know modestly admitted to the Posf reancestryi'She had just come from

seen herwhat became of the other papers. porter her kinship to Lord Rollater, Miss McCarr's—she had

You don't, do you? No. They present surgeon to His Majesty, there. If she refused her her son

probably weren't delivered. And King George of England; to Adwhat might she not do? Besides,

if this charming little episode is miral Sir Herbert Eversole, of His the girl made a nice appearance.

ever mentioned Hobbs, your body Majesty's service, as well as acShe patted Bill's hand.

will be found floating down the knowledging as her cousin the Hon. "Perhaps you're right, son. I

Delaware in your winter underEverette G. Knight, exGovernor withdraw all objections."

wear. Now get that tray sent up of Texas. Considering her regal Bill gave a shout that rattled the

pronto."bearing, her unusual beauty, her windows, bounded to his feet, lift-

"Yes, sir."graciousness and sparkling wit, one ed his mother, chair and all, and

Bill crept back upstairs, stuffed is not surprised to learn that the kissed her heartily, set them down the newspapers under the mattress blood of kings runs in her veins."none too gently and dashed from

and warmed his toes at the radiator. the house. He broke all the traffic

in done? the world had EttaWhat regulations but and dented a fender was more, 1 HERE her Sprague looked Mrs. to Etta's. getting to gaze tray Mrs. Sprague had stopped

paper. aover unfolded and The at subject the the portrait of of the it asked Etta worked?""And aside.Posf. tossed it She There eat sketch. did her breaknot She breath. recover her she could when Commercial,was no no Bulletin. fast. indressed got She up and

She rang vigorously. Nellie anstead. She went downstairs with "It worked. But what was it

swered. No, ma'am, she could find a scowl on her brow. that worked? I haven't seen the

nothing but the Posf. She was William Alexander Sprague, Jr. Posf, you know."sorry ma'am.

She turned grumpily to the Posf. was in the library. He looked Etta showed him the paper. He

Scanned it rather hastily. She'd rather low. He got up as his read.

never cared for the Posf. And mother entered and drew her a "And you knew this all the

then chair. He kissed her and pushed time?"

her into it, sitting on a hassock at

FORMER STENOGRAPHER FOR her feet and fondling her hand. "Certainly not. I traced it all

down while I was at Miss McSPRAGUE, SPRAGUE AND miserable. so I'm "Mother, Carr's."SPRAGUE FINDS HERSELF busiancestor this Can't you forget

OF ROYAL DESCENT ness and let me marry Etta? Can't "But, darling, what if you had

Mrs. Sprague held the paper a you? found your ancestors to be junk

trifle closer and read again. She did not answer. "Mother, men and cattle thieves?"

"Miss Henrietta Callender, Etta honest, you've overestimated the "Then, dearest, I'm afraid you'd to her friends,"it said, "late of the value of ancestry; it's the present have had to marry me anyhow. I

famous law firm of Sprague, Sprageneration that counts, mother. never had any notion of giving

gue and Sprague, but more recently Don't you see?"you up."

The Beloved minutes;The floristyouwillandbeEttaherecanin telltwentyhim shea Christianadded tomartyr,Star. "Ino thinkone caresI'm

the decorations about choose about more."me arty—Cinderella said I suppose Star sweetly, touch- "I do!"your flowers, I mean. (Continued from page 23)

the fellow knows his business. ing the other girl's shoulder with

Jim, I've bought those stocks, the caressing fingers.

his scruples to the winds. He took whole block."Etta made a grimace. "Oh, don't

a step forward, but the portiers "Good!"Carr's face flushed a be sentimental! Leave that to

swung aside and Etta came in, a little; then, as Blanchard and NelJimmy!"As she spoke she looked

sparkle of snow on her furs and son went, he turned to Star teasacross at Carr with a flame of anger her cheeks red with cold. Behind ingly. "So, this is the comingout in her fine dark eyes.

her, bland, smiling, selfconfident, ball tomorrow night!"But he did not see it, he was

came Carr. "So Father says."Star's sudden watching Star.

Star held out a cordial hand. cordiality seemed to have dwindled "I'm not sentimental,"he re-

"Oh!"she cried effusively, "I'm and she let Etta take her place at plied lightly, "I'm practical. I'm

there's timeso glad to see you again, Mr. Carr!"the teatable. going to ask—while

It came as a relief to Nelson that "I'm famished,"that young for the first dance. Give it to me,

Blanchard, who had come in with woman announced. "Blake, get Mary Agnes, won't you?"He

Etta, appeared at the door and me some sandwiches,"she called was standing, looking across at the called to him. to the vanishing butler. "I've been girl, bewitched by something fresh

"I want you in the den, John. running about all day to make your and young and vital about her. But

No! No tea, thanks, Mary Agnes. party a success tomorrow night,"she smiled at him provokingly,

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 59

showing him suddenly some of her acquired manner,newly gracious, Index to Advertisers little French. anoncommital,

"So sorry, but I've promised that These advertisers are dependItsalready."able. Doing business with them 'KleHas

will be mutually advantageous. Rewards

- interested are Ifyou Page W Company develop ability the to speak—to looked up from I1TTA in public or in everyday Life Ins. Beneficial Co.—-Back Cover HOW

twice forgeaheada sandwich, amazed. "Promised WORK j Institute fast doing, are read effectivelyconversation—toas 59 I TO as you American now North

to first for I WONDERS Wondersyour Words With dance Work tomorrow How 60 College S. Business D. free. sent WITH I llow sake!night? heaven's For booklet,"recently This pubnew 61 You B.L. Y. WORDS U lished, points thouthe that road a soul."don't know increase followed to sands have 61 J. Grant Heber Co 8

earning quickly their and power yes, Star smiled I do! "Oh, 61 Square Hotel popularity. Temple

explains their faces. at Itagain surprised "I a you by how J&Qfr Press 62 Deseret bestudy method,can, alsoeasy News new, home

fright stage conquer speaker and an justpromised Nelson now."John cometimidity fear. to of will 62 this be booklet prove Quish School read outstandingand To B. C

wellspent. evening an hilariously. Etta laughed "Oh,

this frea valuable Simply address and 63 and School send National name Art obligation. at ouce. besent booklet No isn't that rich? ImagineJimmy, 63 Postal Telegraph INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTHwill it in the sounds newspapers!how

Illinois Chicago, 4181, Ave., J601 Dept. Michigan heiress,'Miss great Blanchard, the

opens ball by dancing with her father's clerk!'It like a sounds Major Outlines and Minor Detailsgrocerystore!"climaxed, Etta

giggling. By DR. STERLING B. TALMAGE

Star flushed crimson. "I'm goProfessor of Geology, University of Neiv Mexico

ing to dance with him just the RECENTLY had occasion to was greatly facilitated. Many of flatly. said shesame!"

drive several times through an the details that had appeared so that! I don't about "Oh, know themselves proved on complex by present to appeared I area that wait Uncle and see whatYou units in a great to be merely study interesting exceptionally somesays."pattern, outthe major and simple I even problems. physiographic

girls, Carr, watching the two lines of which had been glimpsed to examine a few side trips made the fire flash in Star's graysaw a flash. relain interesting partciularly eyes. some

"Little Wildcat!"he thought, but tions between certain apparently Even more valuable was the reche interposed gracefully. "At least complex land forms. It seemed as ognition that the same principle

I'can come in as second?"There though many details must be workapplies, not only to the journey

was an eagerness in his tone ined out before the larger relations through that territory, but to the tended to flatter Star's selflove. could be understood. journey through life. I have seen

But it did not; she gave him that Then, late one afternoon, I many problems, of my own and

new pretty artificial smile. "Of drove through that area during a others, clarified in the momentary

course,"she said, and then: "Etta, thunderstorm. The combination recognition, as in a flash, of the

I think that's the florist. As it's of clouds and dusk dimmed the major outlines of the greater truths,

my dance I can tell him what I view greatly; but, just as I reached freed from the confusion of obscurwant, don't you think?"a vantage point on the road, there ing, though related, details.

came a brilliant flash of lightning. In brief articles, of which this

PART EIGHT The effect was startling. All the constitutes the introduction, an

major relations of the land forms attempt will be made to suggest

YcOU'VE got a lovely stood out in striking clearness, but some of these great truths, which daughter!"neither the brilliance nor the durahave proved to be valuable guides

"What happiness to find a dear tion of the flash was sufficient to in thinking straight. No attempt

girl like that!"bring into my visual consciousness will be made to sermonize, or to

Star caught the words now and those minor details that, in the sunmake specific application. Only

then, and she saw the warm wellight, had appeared so complex as the major outlines will be presentcome in the faces crowding past her. to obscure the greater outlines. ed, as though glimpsed in a flash;

She felt it, too, with a glow of Later detailed work in that area the details can be fitted in by the the details of as I fitted in it reader,success. liked They her—and described. area the landscape in the house, the wonderfulwas all hers,

the beautiful flowers, the atmos- A Little Ode Such a fitting of details around phere of luxury, of assured wealth, to Prophecy a great central truth is a valuable of position; and these people, wonintellectual exercise. I have found

derfully gowned, bejewelled, imBy V. Eggertson it useful as applied to religions,

portant, were unanimous in their TiV the pregnant skeleton philosophic and scientific probpraise of her! Suddenly it went to J- Of a lilac tree, lems. The quiding principle may

her head; she was happy, her eyes I thought I heard an insect hum be stated, in the words of one of

shone and her cheeks were aflame, But knew it could not be. the wisest men I ever knew, deshe looked radiant. And yet—in April showers, livered by him to a theological class

faintest to sprig grow The I a member. of which was The a Blanchard found

smell faintly flowers moment to Will of point to us was: his message of high smile.look her and down at petals Before the show.

"Like it all, Daughter?""Don't be afraid to think/'

60 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

"Oh!"she cried breathlessly, "I chard's railroad deals, papa says."

love it!""Oh, I see! So Carr's after the

"There's the music- -you'll have MacGowan frowned. "That girl's MIDWINTER He laughed indulgently. daughter. Beastly cub!"Young

to open the ball, dear, Here's Carr too sweet for him. There, she's

now, waiting, I think."dancing with the brute now!"

Star found herself passing down Susan laughed. "He isn't a TERM

a long lane in the smiling throng. brute, he's handsome; so there!"

to her feet, she "By George!"MacGowan exStarts January 2 The music went

seemed to be treading on air, she claimed. "He's in love with her,

was scarcely aware that her gloved don't you see it?"

Practical Business TrainfingersThe touchedballroomCarr'swas inarm.the wing; theIt casualcertainlyobserver.looked thatStarwaywasto

ing for the Opportunities they entered it through a flowerdancing with Carr at last. She had

corridor. Star saw wreathed all faithfully her partthe danced with Ahead in 1934

figures bare shining gay floor and not one of ners and Nelthem was

During the past three months, a and smiling young faces everyson. She had a little flame of anger

of number young people have her, waiting sewhere, turned toward in she eyes her gray back but now, office cured positions through our Carr's the ball. for her to open at smiled as her he bore up Carr training placement service. and

hand clasped hers; he was bending toward a long window that was They have started as stenographers,

bookkeepers and office clerks, with toward her, then, suddenly, she standing open.

opportunities for advancement to exclaimed: "It's close in here, shall we go

higher salaried positions. Mr. "I promised They her. asked he out?"this—where's are in close working touch with Nelson?"Star nodded. was room The

executives. training Their has answered, still here!"Carr full "Not of dancers swept Carr but given them a business broad backsee for around. looking can aside "You passed they the curtain and ground which makes valuthem

toout into a balcony over the walledable to their employers. yourself—I haven't seen him

There are many indications that night."in city garden.

business is steadily improving. GovStar's eyes swept over the smiling It was December but the night

ernment offices are employing many groups; two or three young men was mild. The miracle of a city

young people with business trainhad started toward her, but not night, the tall buildings looming ing. Private engageher business is becoming Nelson. She found against the sky, obscuring midnight

active. more Carr init, fast, but ments crowding their Star eyes blinking. myriad

i New Classes are Starting I tervened."I was to be second,"he pleaded. sheleanedwasherstillhandsthrilledon thewithbalustrade;the exFor ambitious young men and I "Stand back, MacGowan, you can't citement of her triumph, she could

young women who want to forge have more than one dance!"he hear the music and the laughter, the

ahead in 1934, organizing we are at eager youth. laughed an constant swish

classes 2, new on January the day face flushed. Star's was Where floor, the bare after Year's. New to dance forgotten he Nelson? mysterious, seductive Had of movingvoices—young,to the feetimagion

Here, in a short time compared with with her? It couldn't be business nation. Carr came and stood beother types of advanced education, that kept him; her father was free! side her, leaning his back against prepare you can for the opportunities in business. Subjects can be Her heart beat angrily. the balustrade and facing the room,

arranged to suit your previous edu- "I'm going to open the ball with so he could see her outlined there.

cation and your plans for the fuMr. MacGowan,"she said to Carr, "They're still at it,"he obture. is individual. Advancement the and young man's face crimsoned served, the room. nodding toward

entitled Graduates are assistto the joy. with too. looked, She turned and of ance our Employment Departlove to see ment, which is in close touch with "How beautiful—I

hundreds of business offices. them dance,"she said softly. stood back OARR great, "It's isn't a it? I've had Write your address name at and loser. gracefully; a he good was

all a of time whale dancing with the this of bottom for ad further anger, jesting with showed no He details regarding girls of cost tuition, the I've pretty only you! but the Star other young men whom time required and other any questwice. danced with you you Do over. passed had tions MacGowan, to ask. wish will you There you've frosty?"been

obligation. be no college, just in know of young, out was

to have many asked me "A good a seventh opened heaven. They dance, she you remember,"must the ball together, Star dancing

replied, with a demure little smile. beautifully.

He stared at her. "By George, "She's out of sorts, phew!"you're lovely; do you know it?"L. D.S. J young MacGowan told Susan

Worthing later. "She wouldn't( BUSINESS COLLEGE talk absentgetting kept and she said nothing. Her uHE

Salt Lake City jj she's minded. suppose eneyes were Do you in soft and shadowed

gaged already to that old duffer, light. the changing wind The

j Name i Carr?"the long curtain blew out and swept

I | likely,"replied disit "Very Susan her. past wrists caught her Carr

I Address I creetly, ice. eating her "Carr's held and into them, looking

9—* t.....—- n n ti ii ii 1 1 ii i i ii I awfully rich and in all Mr. Blanface. her

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 61

"I love you!"he breathed

here, we'll callhoarsely. "I—see

lips; I'llit never open a deal. my YOU CAN MAKE 1934 SIGNIFICANT! i are as youyou can go on forever

if you'll marry me!"ENROLL FOR THE

Star tried to draw away. "I Winter Quarter

don't know what you mean,"she exclaimed. "Please tell me what January 8

you mean?"Enjoy yoir Winter Vacation and meet your

"I mean this!"Carr caught her Friends at the

in his arms, kissing her on her foreAnnual leadership Week head, her cheeks, her lips. "This January 29 to Feb. 2-—and this—and this!"

Star struggled, held him off, "Something For Everybody"panting, furious. "Let me go,

please!"she said in a choked voice. Publication of the book, "100 Sermonettes,"by

"No!"he barred her way, someaDr.laterGeorgedate,H.probablyBrimhall,to hasthe beenspring.postponed until

thing of his determination showing in his eyes. "Not until you listen

to me. I tell you I love you. I'm

crazy about you, so crazy I've played your hand for you. Now, Brigham Young University

I want an answer, I want my rePROVO, UTAH ward!"He leaned toward her, his "The Friendly School"

face changing in some way, before her eyes, until it was glowing, dominant, triumphant. "Will you

pool your interests with mine?"he

you, hoarsely.whispered "I want LITTLE LIGHT

that I'm A you so muchStar, I want willing to let Blanchard pay the A little light on your insurance will undoubtpiper for you. Make yourself seedly reveal the fact that you are greatly undercure, then, say the word—marry

me Star!"insured. Think what it would mean if fire

faced Star bay, him, a At bright destroyed your property.

face.flush her you?""Marry on

she cried. "Of course not! Why,

I don't you!"even—like his eyes UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. himself, He straightened

searching hers. "Is that final?"See out agent in your town.

Star nodded, her own eyes sparkling with anger. "It's final."HEBER J. GRANT 8 CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

He drew his breath. "You re-

- * -—- - ifuse to listen—to consider, then?"

The girl was trembling, anger and hurt pride and scorn shook her. Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel

"I don't know what you mean by your bargains; you've said

strange things to me. But I anHOTELswer in one word—a thousand

times, no!"He leaned closer to her as she TEMPLE

drew away. "You're sure of it?

You're willing to lose it all then?You won't marry me?"He caught SQUARE

her wrists in his strong grip. 200 Rooms each with

Star, struggling, looked past him Tile Bath into the lighted room. There, at

the window, looking at her with Rates grave eyes, was Nelson, Nelson who $1.50 to $4.00

had failed to keep his word and Radio Connections for dance with her! She struggled.

"Let me go!"she said to Carr. Every Room

As she spoke, Nelson stepped out Opposite Great Mormon Temple on the balcony and Carr saw him. ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

Furious, he turned on the young man. '*m ** m> *m m J

.

62 The Improvement Era for January, 1934 "Spy!"he said. "Please go in—"the blood

Nelson faced him. 'You lie!"tingled in Star's ears, but she appealed to Nelson—"please don't

say anything in!"more—go lost his temper 'ARR young man looked at her The G Star's let go of utterly. He eyes. tortured wrists with

strike, to but his hand and raised voice it?"His wish you "Do

held caught and Nelson his arm for cared she harsh; thought he it was

in a vise. Carr after all. Nothing mattered

"Please in, Miss Blanchard!"go cared! she but that—if tone, looksaid, in a smothered he the girl whispered. ask it!""I

ing at her appealingly. His face Nelson bit his lip, dropped Carr's

was white and drawn and his eyes arm, bowed and walked into the seemed to her to be on fire. Carr house again, leaving the two to-

"See here,"he began hoarsely, "She's going to marry that felicwwwwww was furious, too. gether.

out of breath, "if you two are both low!"he thought, and, rememberin it—ing Carr's look, he saw red. "Good

interrupted, looking fight,"Nelson like a could! he only How

steadily; "have you at him a insult before to no—ifcoward a man tAPPY 'This is a pretty place for a heavens, if he could get at him alone sense?"woman!"

Star, standing between them, He did not look back. He

turned from one to the other. She plunged through the throng of

put out her hand again and touched dancers and got out of the houseNEW YEAR Nelson's; she felt his shake with into the night.

hardly controlled rage. (To be Continued)

and remember that we are equipped to handle Career (Continued from page 6) plained"Yes justtheyright.would,Besidesif youyou canexyour printing and get more of your own and I can't."

binding needs ecosome simple little thing to do like "But your music—your career!

walking a tight rope,"she murWhat would become of that?"

nomically and well. mured. "Career!"said Louise contempt-

"Here's a reward—for the uously. "This would be career

baby,"laughed Martha, as she enough for me and I could practise

OUj? handed Louise the warm bottle of my music singing him to sleep."

milk. "What about Frank? What

"I'll admit he deserves a rewould he say?"

bottle, "Frank would love it. He has I ward,"and taking baby and

she went to the living room and always wanted a baby and so have

MUSIC PRINTERS settled down in a large rocking I only I couldn't make up my mind

PRINTERS—BINDERS chair. to adopt one."

RULERS Going in there some time later "Well, I—."

Martha found her still holding the "Oh, please, Martha, she plead29 Richards Street sleeping babe. ed. "This may mean the saving

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH "You put that child right of our marriage and our home."

down,"came her voice in a scan- "Of course, if you put it that

I can't refuse."dalized whisper. "What do you way—I guess

suppose I am going to do if you Louise bestowed an ecstatic kiss teach him to be rocked to sleep?"first upon the sleeping infant and BE INDEPENDENT

No Other Vocation So Profitable! "Oh, but he was so cute,"Louise then upon Martha and dashed from

ENROLL NOW answered. "He had hold of my the room exclaiming, "Come on

For a Complete Course at the finger and I was afraid he'd wake help me get ready!"

if I moved it.""Get ready for what?"

Quish School of Beauty Culture "Nonsense,"sniffed Martha, "To go home. I must get back

The Best in the West and taking the sleeping Pat, who for Christmas."

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. did not seem to mind relinquishing Rushing to her bedroom she

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the finger in the least, she decame back with two suitcases.

For Further Information posited him in his bed. "Will you lend me enough clothes

and Catalog Call Later in the day Martha came to last until I can buy some?"

7560 Wasatch or into yourself to everyLouise found and the bedroom "Surely—help Fill in This

cot in over the tiny tears. thing in those drawers."bending Coupon

"Oh, Martha,"she cried, on Louise began packing feverishly.

glancing up, "give him to me!"In the midst of her preparations

\ "Why I couldn't—the children she paused a moment and called to

s would never forgive me."Martha, "Will you please phone

The Improvement Era for January, 1934 63

in a message to Western Union for me: Oi'NCE more, on

sat before night, Christmas Martha MAKE MONEY replied "Certainly,"Martha, Tiovnef t fireplace. cheery her happy, The paper. pencil forsearching and steady each income week, at home, EARN coloring workingoil. photos perfinally miniatures been tired children Learn had famous fluffy a shawl held pink andin Louise "Koehne weeks. lew this done inWork by Method"big method experience demand. art nor talent to to go accompanied No bed by for needed. ato and suaded her independent this for cheek become moment inMany Send way.

free booklet, at "Make Money Home."as their toys such mother wouldbegan, 601 Mason, Mr. Frank Inc. "To NATIONAL SCHOOL, ART

for. space 3601 allow Avenue, Illinois Dept. Michigan Chicago, 4l81> CaliBldg., Angeles, LosWalsh

fornia. I am returning home for Spencer leaned over and patted

Christmas stop Arrive Friday stop his wife's hand. 'You're a great

little said. he manager, Mother,"stop bed bugBringing baby Buy have would done if you "What families are 'There mighty few tree stop. and Christmasgy offered she to take hadn't him?"so little."so have on much who dryinterrupted Martha "Yes,"

ly, "I think that is a good place to "I'll say she's a great manager,""Oh, I should have kept him stop."said Dr. Jim from the depths of myself. But I wasn't afraid of

"Oh, you don't think he is too his armchair. "Did Louise suspect that. I knew that no woman

young for a tree, do you?"that you had brought that baby could resist a baby once she had

"No one is ever too young or too here expressly for her?"bathed him."She leaned back and

old for a tree, my dear,"answered Martha smiled. "Not yet. She smiled dreamily as the words of

into came her mind, song smile. a wise she'll always theMartha with may in time—but *. '# * grateful."given."* be son is us a "Unto

vs NUMBER

>Fieic THE INTERNA a,l CablesAmerica STMIOM"1 n Commcial Cables mackoy telegrams?our TelepHoe WE CO OUR PART to tele*** postal

Supplementary Services

Air Express Pickup and Delivery

Air Travel Reservations Bus Express Pickup and Delivery

Bus Travel Reservations Circular and Sample Distribution

Gift Service Purchase and Reports Marine OUR telephone is a Postal Telegraph station. Errands and Package Delivery

Service Order Money Service Bureau Ticket ServiceFrom it you can send a Postal Telegram to anyone anyPersonalTheatre where in the United States and Canada. Postal Telegraph Commercial News Reports

speed, accuracy and dependability are at your fingertips. fromTelegramsthe HighwaysDirect via

THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM Esso and Standard Oi! Gas Stations

Tostat Telegraph Commercial Cables All America Cables Mac\ay Radio 64 The Improvement Era for January, 1934

increased half and a by two are equal for asking success. They

Ninetyfour percent of Women in the times.men the participation the with on man

in included the women group, of ability rather than on the basis World Modern basis "transportation and communicaof sex.

(Continued from page 26) tion,"are operators, telephone while of 83 those engaged % in Women Enter Politics are sales "trade"persons and clerks and at the same time the number of employed married women inin stores. Of the nearly 2,000,000 "THE place of women in governclerical in engaged women work, fourfold. creased exto corresponds ment some are stenographers typand 39% probthe depression the During tent their in to place ministry. the

ists, are clerks, and 36% 24% worker married the of woman lem It that considered has long been are listed as bookkeepers cashand discusdeal of a great aroused has administrators to the were be men iers. Figures S. gathered the by U. other sion. and In many Utah offices. It of only government was Office a indicate of Education not education have states, of boards the thirteen years that in 1920 ago increase in in the marked 1914 marhiring discontinued new only ratification twentieth the of amendgirls of attending number commerac- teachers, have but ried women in vote to permitting ment women cial courses business in schools. and service, their out of tually turned elections Prepassed. national was

the older teachers in point of tenure, ceding the ratification there had to who are married. In a survey made Women in Professions be carried on "fiftysix campaigns

in 1930 by the National Education for ratification of amendments to

Association it was found that out (\F the women in the "professtate constitutions, nearly five hunof fifteen hundred cities, 77% resional group,"the vast majordred organized efforts with legisported that they did not employ ity are in the teaching profession or latures, two hundred seventyseven married women as new teachers. engaged in nursing. There is an appearances at state party convenincrease in the number of women tions, thirty appeals before national

What Women Do enrolled in law schools from 170 political conventions, and nine in 1900 to 2,216 in 1928, but campaigns with successive conYKTHAT occupations do women there is no marked tendency for the gresses."There is no convincing

engage in? Here again the total number engaged in law to evidence as to trends with respect

census figures give us some illumiincrease at a rapid rate. In the to women in governmental activnating information. The largest profession of medicine the number ities, but it seems safe to say, that

single group of the gainfully emhas actually declined. There without unusual campaigns such

ployed is that designated by the seems to be some evidence of a as those conducted by the League of census as "domestic and personal definite restriction on medical opWomen Voters, women will be no service."There are 3,438,000 portunities for women, as illusmore anxious to exercise their

women in this work, which intrated by the fact that out of 660 franchise than are men. The

cludes such services as barbers, hairhospitals in the United States apfurther question as to whether they dressers, boarding house keepers, proved for internships, only five, will uniformly place their influence cleaners, elevator tenders, launrepresenting a total of 37 internon the side of righteous causes to dresses, midwives and nurses, servships, are restricted to women and any greater extent than men, is also ants, waitresses, etc. This repreonly 48.6% of the internships of an interesting field for speculation.

sents approximately a third of the the entire group of hospitals are With these trends in mind, 10,152,116 women over ten years open to women, and of these many namely, the declining birth rate;

of age, who were gainfully emappoint women only very rarely. the increasing percentage of marployed in 1930. There were 1,- In the profession of the ministry ried women in gainful occupations,

986,830 occupied in clerical posiwomen increased from 1 8 1 or two as well as the increasing number of tions, while the next largest group percent of all registrations in ditotal women engaged in income was that engaged in "manufacturvinity schools 1900, to 1,177 or producing activities; with a steadily

ing and mechanical industries"fourteen percent in 1922, but berising divorce rate; with a steadily

amounting to 1,886,307. The tween 1922 and 1926 the proporincreasing percentage of the total

percentage of gainfully employed tion fell to eleven percent. In 1928 population becoming female; with

women is increasing in the "prothere was a further slight decline, the increasing release of time in the fessional service"group, "clerical both in numbers and in the perhousehold due to the development service,""trade and transportacentage of the total. Undoubtedly of specialized services on the outtion,"and "public service,"while it the status of women in this proside; what is the outlook for

is declining in the "domestic and fession is determined by traditions women? Everyone must realize

personal service"group, in "agriof the churches with respect to the that we are indeed at the end of culture,"and "manufacturing and proper place of women. Many of one era, and the beginning of anmechanical industries."There is them deny women any participaother. A new world is being made

a notable increase in the numbers tion at all in positions of leadertoday, just as a new world was of women restaurant keepers and ship. Some grant equal rights, made, or in the making, one hunwaitresses, occupations in which the others limit the administration endred years ago. I repeat, one of

trends are indicative of modern tirely to men, although women the dramatic developments of this urban dwelling. In the case of may be allowed to vote. Women, past hundred years has been the

restaurant keepers, are women the great nations in many of are emancipation of women. Whatnearly four totimes as numerous protesting against these traditional role can she play, and will

day as they were in 1910, while barriers, and protesting with some play, in the world tomorrow? she

\0\WV-<Pj

ELDER WARD IS ASKING IN PLENTY OF TIME FOR ized detail they represent. I can see that the mere matter of

THIS YEAR'S INDEX setup alone has not been exactly a picnic. And the gathering

October 30, 1933. together of all the concrete information on various activities

Basel, Switzerland, must have been a tremendous job.

Dear Editor: I want you to believe that I am most sincere when I conINbound,that wewearewouldplanningappreciateto havereceivinga few volumesten indexesof thefor Erathe programgratulate youand enthusiasticallyits method of presentation.on both the organizationThe manual ofalonethe

193233 editions of The Improvement Era, Volume 3 6. would be a vfaluable book for any group leader to have. I

All of The Improvement Eras for the year 193132 are find mine already traveling around from desk to desk, so I am bound in a volume in our office, but we cannot receive the taking the liberty of asking if you will mail me a couple more full benefit from them, because we do not have an index for copies as I can readily see that I'm not going to be able to this volume, No. 35. We would certainly appreciate it very hold on to this one.

much if you would kindly have two copies of the index for I consider it an honor to be in your contest volume and

We wish to congratulate you on The Improvement Efla. with their productions. You mlay not know that I taught

We, the workers in the Mission Office, and also the elders in Play Production at Columbia for nine years and have done the field, look forward to The Improvement Era every month. quite a bit of Little Theatre as well as Church directing.

Sincerely, I shall take pleasure in sending you a copy of our Golden

SwissGerman Mission, Rule book when it comes out. In the meantime if you are

J. Quale Ward, Mission Secretary. ever in New York I shall be delighted if you will look me up.

Very sincerely yours, WE WISH MR, LARSEN'S DAUGHTER A SPECIAL Clarice V. McCauley.

HAPPY NEW YEAR i i i Thayne, Wyoming, October 12, 1933. HOMER DURHAM, 43 Tavistock Square, London,

Editor:Dear in writes part: the to goodness, W. C. 1, "Honest G.

432 years ago today Columbus set foot on AmericanTUST is like fish old publication after chips and to the Englishman

J soil. I have been trying to imagine how he felt on that ten years on a milk diet. Believe it or not, months are

day. In looking over this valley in its beautiful autumn reckoned, not by date of release, but by the arrival of the

believedress, I itsoul. hiswithin I Theget a Erasparkholdsof firstthe placesame infirethisthathome,burnedso monthlybelieve it stackor not.of Eras,MaysoI helpsend me.you Wea copydo appreciateof the British

far as reading is concerned. Missionaries'Association 'Harbinger'some time? Just to let

I girl is a years a little of age 13 have "book worm"who you know we are carrying on the torch over here—in our reading said: a for of fairly judge her age, "O, goodand who way."weak

Daddy, aren't you going to send for the EraV Times are

THIS MISTAKE here'shard, but your two dollars—send it along. Success to WE HOPE NO ONETHISMAKESYEAR labors. youryou in

Very truly yours, ORNELIUS VAN DER DOES, of Ogden, writes: "After

David Larsen. -*'having been a subscriber to The Improvement Era since

Thanks. 1908 we felt that same must make way last year to take care,

A MARKER ON THE OLD TRAIL as we thought, of more important and needed necessities.

Indianola, Utah. Now we have discovered, to our sorrow, that we eliminated

Dear Editor: the most vital lifegiving messenger that came to our home,

T AM sending a picture I took of Rebecca Winter's grave 'the still small voice'we so often speak of."

J- while on a mission in Nebraska. I think f 1 i

it unusual and took it as the train was TT has been many years since I first saw passing fast. You may want to print it in * B. H. Roberts—his head erect, his brilthe Era sometime. liant eyes made more brilliant by the spirit

I think The Improvement Era is the best of the occasion, his firm lips shaping words magazine there is, I want to keep it coming which seemed to be shafts forged on theto my home for 50 years. anvil of God—speaking in the great taberSincerely, nacle. To me he was then a preacher to be

Orvin E. Wilde. placed among the great of the world.

Since then I have heard scores of men

THE M. I. A. ROOK OF PLAYS IS among whom were those whose voices

APPRECIATED have been broadcast upon every breeze, upon whose words multitudes have hung

THE GOLDEN RULE FOUNDATION enthralled, but I have heard none greater

Lincoln Bldg., 60 E. 42nd St. than he in amassing his arguments and facts

New York City, N. Y. and in focusing them upon the point at

October 20, 1933. issue. To see him was to admire and

Mr. W. O. Robinson. respect him; to hear him was to feel and

Field Secretary, Y. M. M. I. A., to believe "M.

Salt Lake City, Utah. f i -f

Dear Mr. Robinson: Nov. 23, 1933.

HAVE just received your manual and PEAR Editor: I have recently had a

* the book of plays. (I only go to the J—sample copy of your publication and

church office occasionally for mail as I am was pleasantly surprised at how attractively at the temporarily Rule Goldenworking it is gotten up—both in appearance

are theyFoundation which on a book and content.

preparing to go to press.) Very sincerely yours,

Perhaps it is partly because I am right Miss M. K.

in the thick of it that I can so well appre- P. S. I was also pleased to note that

ciate what all thsi means. Anyway I am your journal takes a definite stand against

looking at your publciation with reverence The lonely grave beside the new tobacco and alcohol. I believe these are

and awe. What a quantity of synchroniron trail very harmful to the body.

insure Tourself Many Happy New Years

OTART 1934 WITH A DEFINITE PROGRAM, ONE THAT WILL POSITIVELY

ASSURE SUCCESS FOR THE FUTURE.

A BENEFICIAL LIFE CONTRACT IS ONE

SAVINGS PLAN THAT DOES THE JOB

YOU WISH DONE—

POLICY VALUES HAVE CONTINUOUSLY INCREASED AND THE FUNDS ARE

ALWAYS AVAILABLE IN CASH.

ACCUMULATED VALUES ON BENEFICIAL POLICIES HAVE EXCEEDED THE

AMOUNTS GUARANTEED—HAVE

BEEN MORE THAN WERE EXPECTED—

MORE THAN HOPED FOR.

JOIN THE THOUSANDS OF SATISFIED

BENEFICIAL POLICYHOLDERS WHO SAVE SAFELY AND SYSTEMATICALLY

FOR FUTURE SUCCESS.

DIRECTORS

Heher J. Grant

A. W. Ivins

J. Reuben Clark, Jr,

Geo. J. Cannon

E. T. Ralphs

Jos. F. Smith MEMEHGULIHFE B. F. Grant

David 0. McKay

A. B. C. Ohlson

E. T. RALPHS GENERAL MANAGER

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY