BEST KNOWN RESORT IN THE

WORLD FOR RECREATION ANDSaltair PLEASURE.

mrROVEMENT

Oroanof -the -Seventies and theyounMCTis

Mu'tugl Improvement Associations

Vol. XL MAY, 1908. No. 7.

Published N- t a i ake City b the.General Board

*2 jO PIR ANNt*/l J. B. Robbins, A. C Keeley, R. Dnmbcck

S. L. Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbins

Cream SiiipPED EVERvwiiERE KEELEY ICE CREAM COMPAr.

Wholesale and Retail Makers -'

Pure Ice Cream, Sherbets, Copy RICH r Water Ices, Before tbe SmoKe Clears J\my Fancy Bricks,

On your firestricken shop, factory, office Frozen Puddings, or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long unnecessary Punches, Etc.

delays in adjusting, no haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses HIGH GRADE CANDIES

every time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we can Delivered to Any Part of the City

insure you again.

Factory and Office, 26o State St. -

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

HBBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. Salt Lake City, Utah.

2026 South Main St. Salt Lake City* Utah

Both Phones 351.

J. S.JENSEN & SONS

Jos Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

and Licensed Embalmer. Missionaries'Watches at reduced

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds

Show Rooms and Morgue. Silverware. Repairing. All work

OrnoB Opbn Day and Night. guaranteed.

Have your eyes examined by SI, 28, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST. our reliable optician, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist Mail Orders Promptly Attended To.

ESTABLISHED 1889.

UTAH COMMERCIAL and SAVINGS BANK CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK

Interest, semiannually computed iS--''vF'-* Savings Deposits. on4 Per Cent—OF UTAH

Commercial Banking in all its /HIS bank solicits th 3 accounts of

I banks.firms and individuals, andbranches. Accounts of Banks and Into such cue>dividuals solicited. Customers assured \m extends

the best aceommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and with conservative and safe banking.

Joi. F. Smith, Prest. Chas. S Burton, Cashier

WM. F. ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO Anthon H.Lund.V. Pres. H.T.McEwan, Asst.Cash.

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, plense mention the Era.)

60DAY /|\ STOPLIMIT hBrt OVERS

SUMMER EXCURSION TICKETS

On Sale June ist to September 15th

LOW RATES Returning same way or through San

Francisco and Portland.

Ask SALT LAKE ROUTE Agent 169 Main Street J. H. BURTNER, D. P. A.

ARTIFICUL RKFRIGBRATION AT MARKET AND SLAUaMTm HOUSE

Palace Meat Market THOS. J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

$-265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

rWhen writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era."*

Automobiles—Vehicles—Harness.

For recreation and for business. Our assortment of either is very complete; you will surely think so when you visit us. Our modest prices will

appeal to your judgment, and our extremely liberal extension of credit should incline your patronage our way. The upkeep of an Automobile compares

very favorably with that of a horse and buggy. It is not near as expensive

to run an Auto as many are led to believe.

GEO. T. ODELL,

Oeneral Manager.

Joseph F. Smith, Prest.

W. S. McCornick, VicePrest.

rielvin D. Wells, Sec'y and Trea.

Grant Hampton, Asst. Sec'y and Treas.

SCENIC LINE or the: world

f\ paiorafia Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of latural Eajle liver Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs tl?e U/ay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Polders, Booklets, etc., address I. A. BENTON, Gv A. P. D. Salt Lake City. Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Vol. XL MAY, 1908. No. 7

HOW KNOWLEDGE COMES.

BY FRANK L. WEST, B. S., PROFESSOR OF PHYSICS, AGRICULTURAL

COLLEGE OF UTAH.

[Mr. West, the author, who read the following faithstrengthening paper at

a recent convention of the M. I. A. of Cache stake, graduated some years ago at

the Utah Agricultural College, and has studied in several of the leading American universities. He is one of the best physicists in the state. The study of science

does not seem to have interfered with his religious faith at all.—Editors.]

We believe in the existence of a personal God. We believe

that he is interested in us. We believe that he will answer prayers and will give us aid with his Holy Spirit, when we are in the

proper condition.

We know of this, not because we have seen him or heard his voice, but because of the operation of the intellect upon nature because of the written testimony of those who have seen him, and lastly, because his Holy Spirit has borne witness to our hearts that it is a fact.

Of the means by which we know everything that is without us, viz., 1st, the testimony of the senses, sight, hearing, smelling,

tasting, feeling; and 2nd, the testimony of the intellect and the

heart, we rely wholly upon the latter for our knowledge of these 490 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

facts. Because we believe in that which we have not seen and

heard, we are sometimes looked upon as simpleminded, credulous?

superstitious, and anything else that stands for a low order of intellect. I shall try to show that this is a mistake, a false attitude, and that the facts first stated are natural and extremely

reasonable, that we need not lower our claims on scholarship for accepting testimony of this sort.

For those who lay such emphasis upon the testimony of the senses, who believe in nothing that they cannot see or hear or feel,

I should like to mention some facts.

A group of blind men, so we are told, had heard of the elephant and went to determine what he was like by feeling of him.

Some said that he was a wall, others a tree, and still others that he was a great fan (the last got hold of his ear). The sense of

touch is not so very valuable in the acquisition of truth, in determining the nature of what exists without us.

Pieces of steel and wood, in the summer time, though they be equally hot, the sense of touch says the steel is hotter. In the

winter time, when both are equally cold, the sense of touch records the steel as colder. If one hand be cold, being in some ice water,

and the other warm, being in hot water, and both be thrust in water lukewarm, the one will record it as hot and the other as cold, and both are in the same water. The sensations are so

widely different that my statement cannot be appreciated without actually trying this. How reliable are our senses?

Sight, unaided by the intellect, says that men and objects diminish in size as they recede from the observer, and increase in size as they approach.

T.pt me bring to your attention the phenomenon called in

science mirage. On barren deserts, frequently villages and towns

with their houses and churches and barns are distinctly seen.

Water always appears on the horizon. On the sea, when none

are near, ships are often seen sailing by. These sights are images

of towns and ships probably hundreds of miles away. By combination of lenses and screens and mirrors, headless men and other weird

sights can be projected into space. All of these resemble the

real, just as much as any image in an expensive miiror

HOW KNOWLEDGE COMES. 491

resembles the object. How reliable is this one of our senses, for

testifying as to what is real?

We claim the existence of God, and yet know him not through these senses. We claim in science the existence of many things

that cannot be seen or heard. No one claims to be learned in

chemistry, physics or astrophysics, who dees not believe in the existence of the molecule, the atom, and the electron. The electron is less than two one thousandths the size of the molecule, and

yet if a drop of water were magnified until it were the size of the earth, the molecules would only be about the size of base balls. We

know of their size to within four or five per cent of accuracy. We

ascribe space relations and methods of linkage to the atoms that make up the molecules, and yet no one ever saw a molecule or an atom, or an electron.

As we are now constituted, we never shall, for a lens strong enough to make them visible would be so thick as to be opaque, and so heavy that its thin edges could not support its weight. The

molecules are less than one half wave length of light in diameter, hence, wouldn't reflect the light or be seen even if we had the

lens.

As I am talking, you cannot detect a movement of the air particles in the space of the room. By your senses, sight, smelling, feeling, tasting, can you detect that with every word I utter,

and every change in. tone of voice that the little air particles

are changing from an oscillation at one rate to an oscillation at another rate, and yet science states the curve along which every air particle is traveling for every particular sound that is going by it.

When the air pump has removed all the gases from a vessel, science tells us that it still contains something which it has named ether. It is the substance that exists between us and the sun and

interstellar space. Of its nature. Dr. Gage in his work on physics

says: "We cannot see, hear, feel, taste, smell, exhaust, weigh, or

measure it, and yet all this, paradoxical as it may seem, furnishes absolutely no evidence that it does not exist."Lord Kelvin, late

president of the Royal Society, in his address at Johns Hopkins

University, said, "In its structure the ether is assumed to be excessively finegrained. Differing from water, glass, and metals.

492 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in being very much more finely grained in its structure. Instead

of saying we know nothing about it, I say we know more about it it is far simpler,than we do about air or water, or glass or iron—

there is far less to know. Its natural history is far simpler than

that of any other body."Dr. Gage says that the fact that it is

not known by means of the senses furnishes absolutely no evidence that it does not exist. Then the fact that God is not known by

the senses furnishes absolutely no evidence that he does not

exist.

We probably have all felt that there is something unnatural, unreal, impossible about spiritual things and impressions. In that

connection let us notice the mechanism of light, sound, and electrical impressions, their initial cause and method of transference.

They all three originate in an initial movement, a vibration of an object; such as a bell or a string for the sound, and an oscillation

of the smallest of particles, the electron, for the other two. The

sound disturbance is transferred to the ear by the solids and gases that are in between them. The light and the electrical one by

the ether, already mentioned in this talk, to the eye and to the receiving apparatus of the wireless telegraphy.

In all three we have a disturbance, a connecting medium, and a receiving apparatus. The ether exists throughout all space.

We, as delicately organized beings, could take up an ether wave of slightly different frequency, radiating from the presence of God and sense and interrupt it. Transference of intelligence from God

to man need be no more mysterious than light propagation to do what we know it does, for the colored band of light known as the spectrum or the rainbow commences at one end at the violet, and ends at the other with the red. We see nothing beyond each end,

but it projects its length on each end, as delicate instruments show, but the eye cannot detect it. What is beyond the red differs from the red only as the red differs from the yellow or

orange. The eye can recognize the presence of disturbances of

certain rates. When the pitch of the tone is too high or low the

ear won't recognize or hear it. A sensitive flame shows that the

medium has transferred to the ear the motion, but the ear is not tuned for it. The singing mice at the World's Fair were heard

only by the few with ears sensitive for very high tones. No doubt

HOW KNOWLEDGE COMES. 493

many insects are producing all sorts of sounds that we don't hear.

Some have claimed to be able to hear them

The receiving telegraph instrument has to be properly tuned in its oscillations to detect the presence of the electrical wave. The

eye and ear can detect only vibrations of a certain rate. So we

must tune our spiritual natures so that we may receive spiritual impressions, and be susceptible to their influence. Only certain ears

heard the mice and the insects, diflferent persons can see different amounts of the spectrum or rainbow; so in religious gatherings and temples, some have seen heavenly visitors, and others present have seen nothing extraordinary. So in religious gatherings,

everyone partakes of the Holy Spirit, there to a different degree from everyone else.

We shall in no wise lower our claims to scholarship by granting that God lives. Our religion is natural and rational. It is to

our advantage to live God's commands, to be pure in heart, so that we may be tuned and in accord with his Holy Spirit and thereby receive his assistance.

Logan. Utah.

UTAH.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Utah, bright star, our proud banner adorning,

Home of the patriot and land of the free,

Sweet are thy charma as a balmy spring morning,

All our affections are centered in thee.

Brave are thy heroes in love or in battle,

Pure are thy maidens as lilies in June,

Priceless the dear ones that round our knees prattleBright as the sunshine and fair as the moon.

494 UTAH.

Others may boast of their clear, bubbling fountains,

Blue skies and mountaindecked vales o'er the sea;

Silence their claims with thy sweet vales and mountains,

Shelt'ring the homes of the gallant and free.

While others'prospects are blighted and shattered,

Through want and hunger, so common abroad,

Here, in the rich vales of Utah, are scattered

Blessings unnumbered by nature and God.

Utah, the land where our fathers and mothers,

Footsore and weary for liberty came,

Robbed of their all through the malice of others.

Millions unborn yet shall sing of thy fame.

Utah, we praise thee, for in thee are sleeping

Loved ones who made us their pride and their joy,

Sowed in affliction, the bliss we are reaping

Here may we live long, and here let us die.

Utah, the refuge and hope of the nations,

When the dire judgments predicted shall come.

Kings at thy feet then shall lay their oblations.

Flee to thy borders for safety and home.

Utah, blest land, where the righteous are rearing

Temples to God, where his pow'r is diplayed,

Where, on Mount Zion, are saviors appearing,

Linking together the living and dead.

Let us rejoice that the blessings of heaven,

Promised to Israel, through Joseph of old.

To his descendants in plenty are given

Here in fair Utah, as prophets foretold.

Utah, the peerless, we praise and adore thee.

Star of our ensign the brightest and best;

Glorious and grand is the future before thee,

Nature has crowned thee the Queen of the West.

James Crystal.

American Fork, Utah.

'49. IN THE DAYS OF

BY JOB SMITH, A UTAH PIONEER OF 1848.

After the lapse of 58 years, narrations of the many extraordinary adventures and dangers experienced by emigrants and travelers, and of lives lost in those journeys, are perhaps interesting and readable. It should be remembered, however, that nearly all of the

travel across this uninhabited part of the continent was done during the summer months, in large companies, when grass was abundant for feed, and terminated seldom later than October 20, on account of the severity of the storms in the high altitudes. To be

later occasioned much suffering, and often loss of life; and then,

as to small companies, the Indians were a dangerous menace, for when met with they seldom failed to collect an extravagant tribute.

So that a small company starting late took many risks, only justified by the nature of the mission. Energy, coupled with faith in

God, made it practicable in the instance here recorded—a missionary journey East in 1849.

On October 6, 1849, the usual semiannual conference of the

Church was held in a large bowery situated on the southeast corner of the temple block, then otherwise unoccupied. At this conference the first general call from this valley for missionaries to

preach the gospel in Europe was made. Four of the apostles and

twelve other elders were nominated and voted for. Eight were for

England, three for France, two for Italy and three for Denmark and

Sweden, and announcement made that all should be ready to start on or by the eighteenth of the same month. Preparations were

hastily made and on the 19th camp was formed at the mouth of

Emigration canyon.

The company consisted of the missionaries named and nineteen 496 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

other persons—businessmen and teamsters. Of the apostles there

were John Taylor, Lorenzo Snow, Erastus Snow and Franklin D. Richards. Of men presumably on business for the Church, I remember

Joseph L. Heywood, Edward Hunter, E. D. Woolley, Shadrach

Roundy and Jedediah M. Grant. Other prominent business men

were Mr. Kinkead (the first Salt Lake valley merchant), Robert

Pierce, Levi Stewart, John Reeve, and others whose names I have forgotten. Before starting up the canyon, an organization was

effected. President Brigham Young being present. By unanimous

consent Shadrach Roundy was appointed captain and J. M. Grant

captain of the guard. Guard consisted of each member of the

company, and so numbered as to each take his turn standing guard.

This was necessary to prevent surprise after dark, and to watch the horses which, of course, had to be loosed to feed on such grasses as were anywhere near the camp. Getting fairly started on the

20 th, progress was made over the first range of mountains by the aid of a number of pairs of oxen furnished for the purpose. On

the Weber and in Echo canyon we met companies en route for the

Valley with whom the said oxen were returned. One company was

being led by Apostle George A. Smith and the other by Apostle

Ezra T. Benson.

Ready to Move.

7A THE DAYS OF '49. 497

Travel the first three hundred miles was unimpeded by any particular obstacle or incident, except getting a buffalo for beef and on November 6 met four men near Greasewood creek carrying mail for Fort Hall. They were in distress, having been robbed the

previous day by some "Crow"Indians. Their blankets, provisions,

and one of their mules had been taken from them. Such relief as

was necessary was promptly furnished them.

November 12th about 450 miles had been traveled, and at noontime on the south bank of the North Platte river a halt was made. Horses were watered and turned loose to find and eat

grass. About onethird of a mile in front the road crossed the

summit of a ridge which appeared in plain sight. The most of the

company were sitting on wagon tongues or boxes eating. Captain

Roundy sitting on the wagon tongue next to me suddenly alarmed the camp by shouting, "Indians, boys! Indians, boys! gather your

horses, quick."He had been the first to espy, and now all of us

could see on the ridge aforesaid a large number of mounted Indians riding furiously toward us. In hot haste Captain Grant

shouted, "Every man, get your guns. Step out here and form a

line,"repeated several times. Suiting the action to the word he

stepped forward and others followed as fast as horses could be gathThe Old StageCoach.

498 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ered and safely tied behind the wagons, and their guns secured, so that before the Indians could make the distance a solid line of 35 men had formed. The wagons, eleven in number, being abreast and

nearly close together, the line of men covered them. The Indiansturned out to be Cheyennes; about 200 in number, riding directly

towards us, were beckoned to keep back, to which they gave little heed until within I judge five or six rods of us, forming a sort of crescent extending beyond our front. Then they stood still staring at

us. Each party showed their weapons, but made no further hostile

demonstration. A short period of intense suspense while fruitlessefforts were made to communicate was experienced. At length

Elder Curtis E. Bolton who could speak French spoke to them in

that language which one of the Indians understood. In reply to

the question as to what they wanted they replied that they mistook us for a band of "Crows,"(Indians) with whom they were at war.

In view of the fact that wagons could not well be mistaken for wickiups or tepees, it seemed probable that it was more their intention to drive our horses off into the hills and thus leave us helpless and at their mercy. However, that may have been, after a

short parley, and collecting from the wagons a few buckets full of

Camping at Echo.

IN THE DAYS OF U!>. 499

provisions and tobacco to pay over as a sort of toll for crossing their country, we quickly hitched up our teams and drove on along the road through the middle of the crowd, using the caution to place a man with his gun on each side of every wagon in addition to the driver, and so passed on without molestation.

The Indians were evidently much struck by the promptness with which we placed ourselves in our own defense, and yet offered no offense. So that they made congratulatory remarks to the

leaders and invited them to visit their camp some distance from the roai which Apostle Taylor, Bishop Hunter and Erastus Snow (as near as I can remember) responded to, they having riding horses. They were treated with courtesy at the Indian camp, and

returned to the road and reached our camp the same evening, the main company having made the usual afternoon distance.

Two more days travel brought us to Fort Laramie. Here,

through the courtesy of the officer in charge, (a Major Anderson), we were enabled to replenish our stock of provisions at eastern prices, or about one half of what a merchant would have charged us, if there had been one there.

Pursuing our journey another hundred miles, the clouds towards the east became very threatening, and as we traveled we could see snow falling almost entirely around us, and yet not falling upon us, which was very favorable to our teams, instead of being compelled to travel in a snowstorm. Soon,

however, we came to where the snow had fallen a foot deep.

Here again we thought Providence favored us, for instead of breaking a road through a foot of snow we traveled along a dry road track which the wind had swept quite clean, nearly a hundred and fifty miles or near to Fort Kearney, where we arrived

November 27. Had we been compelled to have broken road all

the distance mentioned, our teams would have been so jaded that they could have been of no further service, and it is doubtful if we could have got our wagons through at all, as the dry grass was covered up, and nothing visible except the dry ends of what is called wheat grass, which is quite tall but very poor for animal food, upon which, of course, our animals had to live. And there

were no other teams or source of human aid since leaving Laramie.

Here (at Kearney) we rested one day, and replenished our stock 500 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of provisions and grain for horses. From this point eastward the

snow continued quite deep, and covered the roadway. But a day

or two preceding our arrival, a government train of wagons had broken a track some fifty miles, after which the track had been covered by more snow. The remaining distance there was no

track. Bad traveling required a longer time to reach the Missouri

river than we expected,and caused us to experience a two days'fast before reaching the river, which we did on Friday, December 7.

Here we found a small hotel, a sort of deserted barracks, where we obtained a much needed square meal. Our journey so far had

been performed without the loss of an animal or any accident causing detention. But here was a river to cross, more than half

a mile wide, which required ferrying, and no ferry could operate because the current was full of floating ice against which no boat could contend.

Here now was another obstacle which nature alone could solve.

It might be a week or a month before the river would freeze over.

No prophet could tell. The following night, however, was very

cold and still. No waves ruffled the river, but a stiff current kept

the flakes moving until they became so large that jutting against the banks in a bend they clogged, until reaching from shore to shore they became stationary, and formed a natural bridge. It

was not, however, a sheet of ice like a skating pond. Far from

it. Small flakes or flat chunks of ice had crowded up one against

another and edged up so as to form the roughest conceivable surface, varied here and there with small holes and crevices made by the under current of the river. The two following days were occupied by smoothing a track with axes, picks and shovels—wide

enough for wagons to pass. This being accomplished, a crossing

was effected on the 10th. This was done by leading the horses

over one at a time, and pulling the wagons with a long rope attached to the end of the tongue by a string of eight or ten men, one wagon at a time. This method was necessary on account of the

ice being so rough and treacherous. Several accidents with the

horses occurred, but all got safely over at last. Men having valuables took the precaution to carry them over on foot, rather than

to risk them in the wagon. The last wagon, presumably the heaviest,went down just as the front wheels neared the east bank, but with

IN THE DAYS OF '40. 501

extra force was pulled safely up, leaving a broken bridge behind to the dismay of others who wished to cross westward.

Our journey was now resumed, and without further incident we reached Kanesville December 12, 1849.

At this period of time Kanesville and surrounding country was the temporary home of a large number of Latterday Saints whose means had not been sufficient to enable them to proceed to the "Valley"the previous years. They were presided over by Apostle

Orson Hyde, and had their schoolhouse or place of worship. They

built houses, fenced farms, and fixed up things generally as if to stay. (They sold out afterwards for traveling outfits.)

Our company being the first band of missionaries from the "Valley,"the welcome that was accorded us was spontaneous and overwhelming, amid great rejoicing over the success of our journey.

Looking back through the series of years since the journey \Vas made, at a time when there were no human habitations except

Indian tepees and two small U. S. (so called) forts, the whole distance of eleven hundred miles performed after the usual season of

the year when traveling was safe, we, that is, the members of the party, have never ceased to acknowledge the overruling hand of

Providence in our protection from dangers seen and unseen, seeing that we were messengers of the restored gospel to four different nations of Europe, three of which had never heard it. At this

date only two of us remain to tell the story by memory; namely.

Patriarch Joseph L. Heywood of Panguitch and myself. The elders

all safely reached their destination, each performed an honorable and successful mission, and all returned safely to their homes in

Utah, accompanied by large numbers of European converts. The

English mission was my field, where I labored four years, and returned in conduct of thirtyfive families across the plains.

Sugar House, Utah.

WORK'S WORTH,

By that divine unrest that spurs thee on,

And fills thy soul with deepest discontent,

By that despair ambition feeds upon, 'Tis not for thee to judge thy work's intent.

There is a battle that we all must fight,

Against the proud, deep fear we stand in lest

Our work shall seem unworthy in the sight

Of those great gods, whose creeds we have confessed;

At whose high altarfires we kneel to pray

For light to guide us on to realms yet higher,

For knowledge of the secret of their sway

O'er kingdoms unto which our souls aspire.

Yet we should not forget to cease sometimes

Our worship, and our hopelessness give o'er

To hours of toil with chisel, brush, or rhymes;

And dare to own our work, nor brand it poor.

I. R.

@9S3@0fgO@@(O ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

M'<<r CY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF ADDED UPON, THE CASTLE

BUILDER,"ETC.

VII.

THE DEARTH OF MEN.

The summer had nearly passed before Willard Dean found

John Loring, Nancy Loring's son, and called on him. The elder

had left his first field in such a hurry that he had failed to get Mr.

Loring's address, so he had sent for it later. John Loring was a

printer. He was married and had two children. They lived in a

street off Hackney Downs.

When Willard called on them he was kindly received. They

were pleased to meet a distant relative from America. However,

John Loring had no use for Willard's religion as he had an abundance of his own; in fact, he had received a good deal some two

years ago, all at once, at the time he was "saved."On that important occasion he had received enough to last him through this

life and into eternity he said; and so, of course, he had no use for

any more, especially of the kind which the young "Mormon"elder brought to him.

Mr. Loring was strictly a temperate man. He knew what the

family had to contend against, and so he wisely abstained altogether from touching the dangerous drink. But for all his temperance and his religion, John Loring was a weakling. Willard thought

sometimes that the man did not have character enough to move in the direction of either right or wrong. His wife was the manager. She carried the purse and kept the accounts, and it went

hard with John Loring if he could not account for every penny vf 504 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

his wages on a Saturday night. To the wife, then, was due much

of the credit of John Loring's temperate, Christian life.

During the dark, rainy season Willard often called at the Loring's. When the fog was black without, the cheerful fire in Mrs.

Loring's grate was good to see and feel. She was a model housekeeper, clean and neat. The brass fender always shone as if new.

The curtains were snowy white. The floor was wonderfully free

from dust or dirt. John always took off his boots when he came

home and put on his slippers which were by the door waiting for him. Willard was very careful to clean his shoes before he came

in. The children, a boy and a girl, were always scrupulously clean;

and so Willard took great delight in playing with them—something

he could not very often do with the children in many of the families where he visited. One of the "funny things"to Willard was

Mrs. Loring's front parlor. It was a very small room, so crowded

with furniture and bric-a-brac that Willard always went into it with fear that he might disturb something."In an unguarded

moment he might knock a frail ornament from its position with disastrous results. He had seen a good many such English parlors, which seemed to him not for use, but a storehouse for bric-a-

brac; but this, to use his own expression, "was the limit."Willard avoided the parlor as much as possible. He was much more

comfortable in the kitchen playing with the children and talking to Mrs. Loring.

One dark, wet afternoon Willard called early. The fog had

crept up from the river, and had that yellow tinge peculiar to

London. Early in the afternoon the fog became black, and the

all;life of the city was checked to a slower movement—that was

it went on regardless of wet or fog or darkness.

Willard raised the rusty knocker on the front door of the

Loring house and gave a number of loud raps. Mrs. Loring soon

let him in and led the way into the dining room where, to his great surprise, he found Nora Loring sitting by the table. The table

was spread and they were about to have their tea.

"You are just in time, you see,"said Mrs. Loring. "You

are acquainted with Nora, I understand."

"Yes, indeed,"he replied as he shook her hand. "What

brought you to London?"

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 505

effort at a "Well,—the train, of course,"—this with a faint

smile. Thin soberly: "You haven't heard of mother's death?"

Willard expressed his great surprise at the news. He had

not called on the Lorings for ten days, and so had not been informed.

"Yes,"said the girl."Mother's gone, I hope to abetter and

a happier world. She had a hard life. She has tasted of the very

bitter; I hope heaven will be sweet to her because of it."

The girl seemed more free than usual to talk.

"Come, we will have our tea together,"said Mrs. Loring.

Willard greeted the children, and then sat down to the table with the little company.

"I was just pouring out the tea as you knocked,"said the housewife, "when Nora here surprised me by saying that she no longer drank tea. Would I give her a little hot water instead? I

nearly spilled my own tea in astonishment. She acts just as you

did, Elder Dean, the first time you visited us."

There was a genuine blush on the face of the girl, and she was somewhat embarrassed; but she was silent.

"You arn't a 'Mormon,'are you?"asked Mrs. Loring of the

girl. "No,"said Nora, "I—I suppose not. I don't think I'm good

"enough to be a 'Mormon.'

Her sisterin-law looked at her for a moment, and then she burst out into a merry laugh; but she said nothing. Willard

could not keep his eyes off the girl. She was changed. There

was more color in her cheeks, and they were rounder, he was sure.

Two cups of hot water was poured out and but one of tea. Willard

and Nora put milk and sugar into the clear water as Mrs. Loring

put them into her tea.

"Yes,"said Nora, after she had gained control of herself again, "I heard what Elders Donaldson and Dean said about tea, and I thought I would take their advice, at least as an experiment.

I haven't tasted tea for three months, and besides being considerable money ahead, I have gained in flesh and very much in spirits."

Willard was pleased. Silently, slowly, unobservedly the

leaven of the gospel was working with this woman, as it does with all who honestly desire to know the truth and to do it.

506 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

After the tea table was cleared they sat around the fireplace, talking. Willard learned the particulars of Mrs. Loring's death,

learned also that she haH carried with her a great liking for Willard and the elders. She had become quite a frequent visitor to

the meetings of the Saints, and Nora had always been with her.

After her mother's death, even the humble home which they had had was gone, and so she had come to London.

Then Willard talked and the two women listened. He experienced much freedom, and he was led along lines not usually

discussed with beginners in the gospel.

"Some people,"said he, '"believe that we are saved by faith alone, while another class claims that works is the only thing that counts, and that faith is nothing. Both are wrong. Faith and

works must be combined. One without the other is incomplete.

if I amFor instance, here is Mr. Loring—beg pardon, Mrs. Loring

personal in making my illustration—it is all faith with him. He

and those who believe with him hold that they of themselves can do nothing for their salvation. They have convinced themselves that

they are nothing; they delight to call themselves 'worms of the

dust, goodfor-nothings, wholly corrupt,'etc. What does such a

course of mind training lead to? Why, weakness of character; inability to take the initiative in anything; loss of power to take

hold and to overcome temptation; lack of courage and of manhood. On the other hand, mind you, a faithless man is a blind,

mechanical force. I don't believe there are many faithless men

among those who do things, even if some of them call themselves such."Mr. Loring now came home, and Willard remained to supper.

As they were eating, Mr. Loring turned to Nora and remarkel:

"I saw somebody on the street this afternoon. I was somewhat surprised as I thought he was in Edinburgh."

Nora evidently knew whom he meant, for she was all interest in a moment.

"He was somewhat the worse for drink, I believe,"continued

Mr. Loring unconcernedly as he sipped his tea.

Nora's face became pale for a moment, and to hide her agitation she turned and looked away.

"Bat I am going to try to find him and take him to our reROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 507

vival meetings,"said he. If he would only give himself to Christ

all hiv-'burden of sin on him, he mijht be saved even yet."—cast

"Do you know what I believe?"spoke up Mrs. Loring.

"What, my dear?"replied her husband.

"I believe that if Dwight Thornton would exert himself just a

I supposelittle; would put into motion the little manhood he has—

he has a little left—and then trust to the Lord to help him, he

would do a far wiser thing than what you want him to do."

Mr. Loring stared across the table at his wife in openmouthed wonder. She often expressed herself forcibly on financial

and other matters, but what did she know about religion? She was

not even a "saved"person, much to his own sorrow. Perhaps

this display of heresy was due to the young "Mormon''elder. Before he had time to reply, however—it always took him some time

to formulate a proper answer to his wife—Nora spoke up:

"John, are there any men in your church?"

"Why, certainly, there are men in our church. What a foolish question. Of course there are more women, but—

"I don't mean that. I have been looking for we,, not worms of

the dust—men with power within themselves to say "No"to wrong

and "Yes"to right—men who are willing to take the blame for

their own wrongdoings—men—well, just plain men!"

"You talk in riddles. What do you mean?"

His sister did not answer, but Willard Dean understood what she meant. Presently Nora asked:

"Where did you see him?"

"On Piccadilly, going west."

"Was there anyone with him?"

"No, he was alone. Had the weather been fine, I should say

that his destination was the grass in Hyde Park; he looked very

much like a tramp."

Nora became quiet, and the subject of conversation changed to other themes. In due time Willard said goodnight.

The next day the fog still hung over London, heavy, thick and black. The cabs traveled slowly through the darkness, their

lamps sending but a glimmer of light into the street. Yet people

were out. One would think that when such a blackness settled

over the town, the people would go indoors and be content for a 508 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

few hours by fire and light; but not so. The great pulse of the

city is not so easily stopped.

There was a great jam of people and vehicles on a corner in the Strand. Nora Loring wished to cross, but she with the others

was held back by the uplifted hand of a policeman. The stream

thus checked was soon a large gathering, waiting for another stream to get by in the street before them. Nora stood waiting

patiently. She seemed to be in no great hurry, and when at last

the policeman beckoned the crowd forward, she remained at the rear until the crush was lessened. This policeman was a good

natured feljow, for he enforced his orders in a pleasant way.

When Nora was just about to pass him and make a dart across the street, she heard someone say to him:

"For the sake of old times, help me tonight."

"If I give you money, you'll drink it up. I can't believe you,"

replied the officer.

"Jack, iVe a baby at home, a baby crying for bread. If you

"can't trust me, send and find out. Here—here is my address

Nora paused. She knew that voice and recognized the face,

and she stood and listened. She pressed closer, keeping in the

shadow of the gas lamp. She heard the street and number repeated, and she remembered it.

"Can't you see that I'm busy now?"said the officer, not unkindly. "Come again v:hen this jam is over."

The man walked away in the darkness without replying.

Nora did not cross the street as she had intended. She stood

for a moment in thought. Would he go home? No; not yet. She

could get there before him, no doubt. She would try. She was

not sure of the location of the street which she had heard, so she enquired. It was a long way off, so she would have to ride. This

was favorable, because he doubtless would walk. In the darkness

and confusion she managed to get the right bus, and made fairly good progress towards her destination. She knew London fairly

well, and was not afraid.

For, nearly half an hour she rode, and then alighted at what she knew was a slummy street. After making some purchases at a

shop, she walked on up the street for some distance, looking for the right number. She searched for some time before she found

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 509

it and rang the bell. There was a faint jingle in the distant interior, and after a time the door was opened by a large, very dirty

woman. "Does Dwight Thornton live here?"asked Nora.

"'E does when 'e's at 'ome,"was the reply, "which isn't very hoften."

"His child is here isn't it."

"0, yes; poor kid! I'm a poor 'ooman myself and can't do

much for it, but if it hadn't been for me, it 'd a starved long 'go."

"May I see her? It's a little girl, I understand."

"Who be you?"

"I am a friend of Mr. Thornton's, and I want to help the

child. You can trust me, my good woman; I wouldn't hurt it for

the world."

Being assured of the visitor's good intentions, the woman let

Nora in, and showed her up a flight of stairs into a dingy little back room. By the light of a low burning gas, Nora could see a bundle

of rags in a corner and the little girl upon it. She turned up the

light, and at the woman's look of enquiry as to who should pay the gas bill thus made large, she placed a shilling in her hand. At

the additional noise and light, the child sat up and stared in openeyed wonder. When Nora approached, she nestled down again

and hid her face with the cover.

"Don't be afraid, dearie,"said the woman. "'Ere's a lady

come to see you. She won't 'arm you. Come, Nellie, sit hup.''

But Nellie hugged the ragged bed clothes tight.

"Nellie,"said Nora, drawing near to the corner, "see what

I have brought you."She drew an apple from her bag and held

it out. But the child did not look up. Then Nora rolled the apple on the floor, and it went bumping along the rough boards. The

child heard and timidly peeped out. Nora held the apple up again

A small arm crept out from the rags and the apple was placed in the eager grasp. Then apple and hand disappeared under the

clothes.

The woman then retired, and Nora was left alone with the child. She looked around for a moment at the dirty room and its

meao"re furniture and then at the child in the corner. This was

his house, this was his child—he who could not be a man. And

510 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

yet once there was manhood in Dwight Thornton. That.was years

ago before the demon drink had taken possession of the garnished house of the man; years ago when he and she had been together,

had loved and planned and promised. She could see the green

lanes of her native town where they had walked in the evening and listened to the skylark; where he had gathered the first white

hawthorn blossoms and had placed them in her yes, the hair,—

dingy room vanished for a moment, and then there was a sound of someone approaching. Nora came back suddenly to the present. The footsteps passed the door and went on.

Nellie had taken a bite from the apple. She now dared to

look upon the giver, and began to be less afraid. Nora went close

to the bedside, and taking from her bag some buns and an orange, placed them within reach of the child.

''You are so hungry, I know,"she said in a reassuring tone.

"Eat the bun first, then you may have the apple and this orange.

Here, dear."

In a few minutes Nora had the child on her lap, contentedly eating. She was a pale, halfstarved little thing, with big eyes

looking out from the pinched face. Her dress was dirty and

ragged, and her feet were bare. Nellie was two years old. Nora

knew the date when she was born.

After a time the little one began to prattle. Her hunger had

been satisfied, and she looked up wonderingly into the kind lady's face. "Is you my mama?"she asked. Nora did not reply, but she

hugged the little one close. Nellie put her arms around the young

woman's neck. "Ain't you my mama?"she repeated.

Then the tears ran unhindered down Nora Loring's cheek.

She kissed the child's pale face, and stroked the tangled hair.

The knocker sounded on the front door.

"That is daddy,"said Nellie.

Nora hurriedly put the child on the bed and went out into the hall. She listened to the voices below, and heard Dwight Thornton talking to the woman who had let her in. She looked hurriedly into the room again and at Nellie sitting patiently on her bed,

and then she sped softly along the corridor. Footsteps came

nearer. She crouched into the shadow of a doorway as the man

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. r,ll

brushed past. He went on into the room, and she heard Nellie

cry/'O, Daddy!"—Then she hurried down to the outer door which

She carefully unlocked and opened. She slii>ped through the door

and then closed it again.

The fog was still over London—fog and blackness, as it

seemed to be also in the heart of NoraLoring; and yet, as in the

darkness and the dreariness of the city there are gleamirg ipots.of light and cheer, so deep down in the girl's heart theie glowed

a little light which sent out a ray of cheer—it was not much, but

oh, what a comfort that little was in a world where all was daikness!

(to be continued )

THE CHANGED CROSS.

[Elder Heber J. Grant says cf the anonymous poem here printed: "When in

Canada, I happened to pick up one of the Canadian readers, Book 5, and read

The Changed Cross. It struck me so forcibly that I take pleasure in enclosing

you herewith a copy, and suggest that you publish it in the Rra for the benefit of your many readers. If every reader of the Era enjoys it as I did, he will be

grateful that I discovered this piece of poetry while visiting our Canadian settlements."—Editors.]

It was a time of sadness, and my heart,

Although it knew and loved the better part,

Felt wearied with the conflict and the strife,

And all the needful discipline of life.

And while I thought on these as given to me.

My trial test of faith and love to be,

It seemed as if I never could be sure

That faithful to the end I should endure.

And thus, no longer tniBtirg to hia might

Who says, "We walk by faith and not by sight,"

Doubting and almost yielding to despair.

The thought arose, my cross I cannot bear:

512 IMPROV EMENT ERA.

Far heavier its weight must surely be

Than those of others which I daily see.

Ah! if I might another burden choose,

Methinks I should not fear my crown to lose.

A solemn silence reigned on all around

E'en nature's voices uttered not a sound;

The evening shadows seemed of peaoe to tell,

And sleep upon my weary spirit fell.

A moment's pause—and then a heavenly light

Beamed full upon my wondering, raptured sight;

Angels on silvery wings seemed everywhere.

And angels'music thrilled the balmy air.

Then one more fair than all the rest to see,

One to whom all the others bowed the knee.

Came gently to me as I trembling lay.

And, "Follow me!"he said, "I am the way."

Then speaking thus, he led me far above.

And there beneath a canopy of love,

Crosses of divers shape and size were seen

Larger and smaller than my own had been.

And one there was most beauteous to behold,

A little one with jewels set in gold,

Ah! this, methought, I can with comfort wear,

For it will be an easy one to bear:

And so the little cross I quickly took,

And all at once my frame beneath it shook;

The sparkling jewels, fair were they to see.

But far too heavy was their weight for me.

"This may not be,"I cried, and looked again

To see if there was any here could ease my pain:

But one by one I passed them slowly by

Till on a lovely one I cast my eye.

Fair flowers around its sculptured form entwined.

And grace and beauty seemed in it combined.

Wondering, I gazed and still I wondered more

To think so many should have passed it o'er.

THE CHANGED CROSS. 513

But oh! that form so beautiful to see

Soon made its hidden sorrows known to rae;

Thorns lay beneath those flowers and colors fair!

Sorrowing I said, "This cross I may not bear."

And so it was with each and all around

Not one to suit my need couM there be found;

Weeping I laid each heavy burden down,

As my Guide gently said, "No cross, no crown."

At length to him I raised my saddened heart;

He knew its sorrows, bade its doubts depart.

"Be not afraid,"he said, "but trust in me;

My perfect love shall now be shown to thee."

And then with lightened eyes and willing feet

Again I turned my earthly cross to meet,

With forward footsteps turning not aside

For fear some hidden evil might betide:

And there—in the prepared, appointed way.

Listening to hear and ready to obey,

A cross I quickly found of plainest form.

With only words of love inscribed thereon.

With thankfulness I raised it from the rest,

And joyfully acknowledged it the best.

The only one of the many there

That I could feel was good for me to bear.

And while I thus ray chosen one confessed

I saw a heavenly brightness on it rest.

And as I bent my burden to sustain, 1 recognized my own old cross again.

But oh! how different did it seem to be

Now I had learned its preciousness to see!

No longer could I unbelieving say

Perhaps another is a better way.

Ah no! henceforth my twn desire shall be

That he who knows me best shall choose for me;

And so, whate'er his love sees fit to send,

I'll trust it's best, because he knows the end. An'ON.

THE USE OF THE IDLE HOUR.

BY CLAUDE T. BARNES.

If seems strange that the Greek word for "school"meant a place where pleasure is enjojed; and yet that fact, seriously contemplated, suggests the means toward the acquisition of the truestculture. Man is so constituted that change is essential to his

welfare: they whose minds never leave the worrying scenes of

business are, in their way, as far from the true lines of culture asis the professor whose intentness causes him to appreciate only thenarrow sphere of his own selection. The idle hour is, then, th&

choicest time for improvement, for it not only opens the way towards new knowledge, but also, by being merely a diversion, prevents a loss of that breadth and equilibrium characteristic of the most highly cultivated mind. On account of the diversity of inclination and occupation the idle hour is, however, a matter of

great study; and the few suggestions made here must be meagreand unsatisfactory.

The history of intellectual development proves the assertion that many of the masters of art and science were men whose educations were of insignificant developing power in comparison with natural inclinations favored by opportune idle hours. Notice, for

instance, the science of geology and we observe that its leadershave been men who devoted only their spare time in its cultivation. Steno, Guettard, Pallas, Fuchel and many more were physicians; while GiraudSoulavie and Michell were clergymen. Murchison was a retired sollier; and Alexander Brongniart was a superintendent of a procelain factory at Sevres. Desmaiest was an

overworked civil servant, who diverted his mind from the drudgery of official duty by rambling over the hills in search of geologiTHE USE OF THE IDLE HOUR. 515

cal knowledge. Playfair and C'uvier were teachers of other

branches of science, who were drawn into the study of geology on account of the refreshing change it afforded. Hutton, De Saussure, Hall, Von Buch, Byell, and Darwin were wealthy men who,

scorning a life of slothful ease, sought happiness in a study of nature. William Smith was an engineer; and, in fact, in the whole

list of geological scholais, Werner, Sedgwick and Logan are the only ones who made its study their profession.

Strong as these facts may be, in evincing the great use of which the idlf hour is capable, let us look at another branch of the world's attainment—Literature.

Shakespeare was withdrawn from the Stratford grammar school when he was thirteen; and, if our information concerning

him be correct, his immortal poetry is the result of a judicious use of his idle hours. Daniel Defoe, the author of Robinson

Crusoe, attended a boys'school at Stoke Newington, London, immediately afterward working on a paper for his living. Pope was

withdrawn from school at twelve; but the fact that he read

everything he could lay his hands on, made his idle hours the benefactors of classical literature. Burns was the son of a farmer;

and he had no education except such as his father gave him. In

the family, however, they were constantly reading from Shakespeare, Pope, The Spectator, Locke's Essays and Harvey's Meditations. The life of Burns is, therefore, astonishing, as from no

education there issued forth poetic greatness. He will live forever, because he knew how to live his idle hours. Keats left

school at fifteen and Cowper at eighteen. Dickens'school days

had ended when he was fifteen; but, in his idle hours, he taught

himself shorthand and studied in the British Museum. Through his

assiduity, he became so proficient at shorthand that he was appointed Parliamentary reporter, and, by the time he was twentyfour, he had already published the first book of the Sketches by

Boz.

All masters must, sooner or later, rise above their teachers;

for instruction brings forth what is already known, while genius produces the unknown. Instruction at school or college is, therefore, more or less stereotype, and, to one gifted with an abundance

of observational power, not altogether necessary. To some it

516 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

would seem, for instance, impossible to excel in literature without a thorough preparation in the studv of grammar. That this impression is erroneous appears from the fact that much of the

world's classical reading was produced before grammars were known.

Dante, Petrarch, and Boccaccio produced their imperishable works two hundred years before an Italian grammar was thought of. Shakespeare, Milton, Dryden, Addison, Pope, Young, Thomson, Johnson and Burns learned no grammar in their childhood.

Sorneille, Moliere, La Fontaine, Pascal, Bossuet, Boileau, and Racine produced their immortal works long before a French grammar appeared. In fact the most illustrious masters of language—

Demosthenes, Seneca,, Malherbe, Clarendon, Montesquieu, Fenelon, Voltaire, Rosseau, Montaigne, Boileau, Dante, Galileo, Franklin, Gibbon, Pope, Burns, and Moore—acknowledge, as you can

prove by reading their works or their biographies, that they acquired their excellences of style by. the private study and imitation

of the best models put before them. It is in the idle hours when

one is all alone, that one's thoughts reach their loftiest development and that culture is most easily acquired.

Some men will whittle boards on the street corner and talk to companions that know little capable of instructing or improving, while, at home, they could, if they would, talk with such men as

Montaigne, Emerson, Hawthorne, orMacaulay.

The United States government distributes, free of charge, bulletins on every phase of agriculture; and if they were carefully

read, in the evenings, by the youth of the country, many a boy would soon be a scientific farmer.

The man who is always discontented with his powers and determined to gain further knowledge, regards the idle hour as merely an opportunity for change of employment, not for ease. He is

a wise man who so arranges his life that, whether working or playing, he is gathering in more of the world's knowledge and culture.

Dr. Francis Wayland once gave an interesting address before

a scientific audience at Union College, N. Y.; and though the discourse was on a technical subject, the following excerpt is appropriate here:

THE USE OF THE IDLE HOUR. 517

Everyone, whatever his position, may well be supposed to possess the means of developing his own powers, and arriving at the standing of an intellectual man.

There is nothing in the nature of an occupation that renders such an expectation extravagant. The uncles of "Hugh Miller were highly cultivated men, reading the

best books, concerning one of whom he remarks; "there are professors of natural

history who know less of living nature than was known by Uncle Sandy;'and yet

one of them was a harness maker and the other a atone mason; each laboring industriously at his calling, for daily bread, for six days in the week.

There is no field so wide in its opportunities for selfculture, as nature. If you are interested in mines and minerals, procure a

standard work on mineralogy, and seek the hills in confirmation of all that you read. If you would like to be able to converse, intelligently on the various insect pests to agriculture, get in touch

with the Department of Entomology, at Washington, and begin a scientific collection of your own. If you would know the names,

the habits and characteristics of over a hundred varieties of birds that sing and fly over you every day, purchase the proper books, a pair of field glasses, a scalpel and other ornithological tools, and, then, seek the woods in commencement of a study which will take you years to master. The same might be said in regard to botany;

oology, the science of bird's eggs; helminthology, the science of

worms; herpetology, the study of serpents; ichthyology, the study

offish; paleontology, which investigates fossil remains; dendrology, the science of trees, and mycology, the study of fungi.

If you do not care for any of these sciences, there are hundreds more from which to choose. No man will ever make a great

success at something he doesn't like. The industrial sciences can

all be mastered by individual study and effort.

Some may complain that they live in cities too large to afford opportunities for any systematic study of nature. In winter especially this contention is forceful; and, therefore, we cannot do

. R. S., givenbetter than follow the instructions of Edward Forbes, F

in a lecture before a London audience. His topic was, "The Educational Use of Museums;"part of the address follows:

Museums of themselves, alone, are powerless to educate. But they can instruct the educated and excite a desire for knowledge in the ignorant. The

laborer who spends his holiday in a walk through the British Museum, cannot fail to come away with a strong and reverential sense of the extent of knowledge pos- 6 1 YEMENT ERA mm

f essed by his fellowmen. It is rot the objects themselves that he sees there and

wonders at, that make this impression so much as the order and evident science which he cannot but recognize in the manner in which they are grouped and arranged. He learns that there is meaning and value in every object however insignificant, and that there is a way of looking at things common and rare distinct

from the regarding of them as useless, useful, or curious—the three terms of

classification in favor with the ignorant. He goes home and thinks over it; and

when a holiday in summer or a Sunday's afternoon in Spring tempts him, with his wife and little ones, to walk into the fields; he finds that he has acquired a new interest in the stones, in the flowers, in the creatures of all kinds that throng around

him. He can look at them with an inquiring pleasure, and talk of them to his

children with a tale about things like them that he had seen ranged in order in the museum. He has gained a new sense—a thirst for natural knowledge, one promising to quench the thirst for be3r and vicious excitement that tortured him of old.

If his intellectual capacity be limited and ordinary, he will become a citizen and a happier man; if in his brain there be dormant power, it may waken him up to

make him a Watt, a Stephenson or a Miller.

This is an age of wonderful opportunity. Magazines containing instructive matter can be procured for a few cents a year; and

nearly all of the masterpieces of science can be purchased for twentyfive cents a copy. Everyone has access to books; and if a

child, able to read, remains ignorant it is either his own laziness or the fault of parents who are so avaricious that they do not give him time to do anything but work, eat and sleep. The Bible, for

instance, is in every home; and its literary beauty is not excelled

by Milton, Shakespeare, Goethe or Homer. It is one book that

teaches by example as well as by precept.

Whoever you are, and whatever you are, you are missing life's biggest opportunity if you are not wisely using your idle hour.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

IT ALL DEPENDS.

John and Pat were two friendly workmen who were constantly tilting, each one trying to outwit the other.

"Are you good at measurement?"asked John.

"I am that,"said Pat, quickly.

"Then, could you tell me how many shirts I could get out of a yard?"asked

John. 'Sure,"said Pat, "that depends on whose yard you got into."—TidBits.

VISIT TO A VOLCANO IN SAVAII.

BY ELDER WILFORD A. PORTER, OF THE SAMOAN MISSION.

The Samoan or Navigators'Islands are a group in the western

Pacific, lying in 184 deg. to 14 deg. S. Lat. and 168 deg. to 173

deg. W. Long. The group consists of nine islands, including

several small islets, many of which are not inhabited. They are

of Volcanic formation, and for the most part surrounded with coral reefs.

The four larger islands are very mountainous, and are inhabited principally by native Samoans. However, there are a

great many foreigners, some of whom are owners of large cocoanut plantations. The products of the islands are chiefly vegetable.

Cocoanuttrees, however, take first place in importance. Savaii,

the westernmost island in the group, is about 50 miles in length, by 30 in breadth; its highest peak rises nearly.5,000 feet above

the sea. In the month of August, 1905, a violent eruption occurred on one of the highest peaks; a volcano having broken out

about tA'elve miles inland, and south of the Matantie district.

Prior to this outbreak, several large, native villages were situated along the northeast coast of the island, and also native plantations some distance inland.

There were likewise a few large cocoanut plantations owned by foreigners; since the outbreak of the volcano, these have been

totally destroyed by the lava. The natives have been forced to

leave their homes, and seek places of refuge on other parts of the island, where they have received accommodations from their friends. The volcano has done considerable damage to plantations,

and much good land has been ruined; and that part of the island

which was once dotted with comfortable, native houses, and thrifty 520 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

plantations, which supplied the husbandman with the necessaries of life, are now buried beneath the great lava beds.

In January, 1907, the writer, in company with a number of fellow missionaries, visited the crater. We went from a small village on

the coast, by the name of Wanase, journeying some distance through one of the thick forests, so common in this land; when we arrived at

the newly made lava bed, located about one mile south of the crater, we found ourselves confronted with great heaps of cold lava rock.

In order to reach the point desired, it was necessary to climb some of these heaps. We were soon at the top of the main bed. The

lava was cool enough, so that we could travel without much difficulty. We continued until we arrived at the cone, which appeared

to be about 200 feet high; we commenced to climb, and, after a

little exertion, arrived at the top. Looking into the mouth of the

crater, we here beheld the great lake of red hot lava a few hundred feet below us. It presented a most beautiful sight and appeared like a great lake of fire and brimstone, boiling, splashing,

roaring and rumbling, its great waves, madly dashing against the rocky reef.

We remained at the crater only a few moments, as the weather was very disagreeable, making it difficult at times to obtain a good

On the Outside of the Crater, Savaii, Samoa.

VISIT TO A VOLCANO IN SAVAII. 521

view of the fire. After gathering a few specimens, we made our

way back, feeling grateful for the opportunity of beholding such a wonder, for it may indeed be numbered among the wonders of the world.

The Latterday Saints believe in the predictions uttered by the ancient prophets of God, in regard to the great calamities which the Lord in his wrath will pour out upon the earth, previous to his coming.

As we returned, therefore, we could not help but reflect that surely the days of burning are coming upon the earth, when the wicked are to be destroyed by fire, earthquakes and famine. The

islands of the seas are being visited with famine, pestilences, tidalwaves, volcanic eruptions, and great earthquakes and windstorms. There have been fire and earthquakes in many lands,

so much so, that great cities have been shaken to the earth; thousands of people have been buried beneath the debris of fallen struc-

L;na Running into tiic Sea—Savaii, Saiiio.i.

522 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

tures, and thousands have perished in the maddening course of the flames. Surely there must be weeping and wailing among the

hosts of men, men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming. All of these things, measured

by the words of prophecy, certainly furnish food for reflection, especially to the Latterday Saints; and these great events should

impress upon the minds of all, the necessity of living worthily before the Lord in order that we may escape the judgments of the last days,

Savaii, Samoa.

ALONE.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Alone in the evening of life, When human hearts fail us, we turn

With the darkness of night at the To our Father in heaven above, door, And grand are the lessons we learn.

Alone where grim shadows are rife. Of his wisdom, his mercy, his love.

That loom o'er the dim, mystic shore. Alone? Never more if we will

Alone when the keen frosts of age That angels should hover around;

Are bleaching the locks of soft hair, Every righteous demand let us fill,

Alone near the end of life's page, While faith, hope and goodnes

Be it blotted or shining and fair. abound.

Alone, though the sickle of death Then knowledge and joy will attend.

By the reaper is still held aloof, Every gloomy foreboding will flee,

A foe with far deadlier breath. And the voice of thanksgiving ascend,

Once crept under Eden's fair roof. King Death has no terror for me

A strong arm for refuge hung near His hand will but pave the short way

Ere the beauty of youth passed away. That leads to a heavenly rest,

Whose loving hand dried every tear, Amid the bright regions of day,

Alas, it is absent today. To dwell with the true and the blest.

Mary A. Farnsworth.

Colouia Garcia, Mexico.

THE MODERN SKEPTIC.

BY MILTON BENNION, PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY, UNIVERSITY OF

UTAH.

Skepticism is most manifest in periods of rapid change in thought. This is true both in individual and in social life. In its

social manifestations it is known in history as a "period of enlightenment,"and is generally discernable at some time in the history of every great nationality. The most notable examples are the

Greeks in the time of the Sophists, the most famous skeptics of antiquity; and the French philosophers of the eighteenth century,

of whom Voltaire and Diderot were types. The educated classes

among the Greeks and the French in these respective periods, as social bodies, may be said to have been in the stage of adolescence. A similar mode of thought and feeling commonly occurs in

the life of the individual somewhere between the beginning of the teens and maturity. It is characterized by a tendency to renounce

previously accepted opinions, to repel external authority, and to become a law unto themselves. Naturally skepticism is one

aspect of this frame of mind. It comes very frequently as a reaction against a childish mythology, or illogical faith, or as a

rebellion against an arbitrary and oppressive authority. In case

of both individual and race development this condition is normally outgrown and is followed by a more rational faith and a deeper insight into the necessity of institutions and lawful authority.

What are the most common external causes of skepticism in reference to religion? First unreasonable religions and inconsistent theologies. Take, for illustration, the widely accepted doctrine concerning the revelations, miracles, and prophesies recorded

in the Bible which affirms a belief in these, but denies that 524 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

in postbiblical times there ever has been or ever will be a reoccurrence of these manifestations of God to man, "Such things,"they say, "are not suitable for this enlightened era.""True,"replies the skeptic, "they are but the mythologies of a savage or barbarous age."Thus the theologian

prepares a weapon for his own destruction. Akin to this point is

the tendency to judg e a cause by the character of those who profess it. Finding professors of theology who use their religion as a

means of worldly gain, or as a cloak for sin, the criticallyminded charge this to religion and turn away. This thought involves a

logical fallacy, but it has weight with many minds, nevertherless.

I speak of these as important causes of skepticism, but in no sense as a justification of it.

Another very general cause of skepticism is inadequate interpretation of the latest scientific theories. Many otherwise intelligent people fail to distinguish between final and efficient causes,

and when science has discovered the efficient cause of a phenomenon they assume that there is no place for the idea of God in connection with it. This mode of thought is frequently manifest in talk about the laws of nature as causes or controlling

powers. What is a law of nature? It is only a statement of the

way anything uniformly occurs. To elevate it to the rank of a

cause, force, or power is a mere fiction, quite as unworthy of acceptance as the most absurd theology. The fact that the processes of nature occur in a uniform way, under the same conditions, is thought by some to be unfavorable to the idea of God. It

is unfavorable to the idea of God as a capricious will behind each particle of the universe, controlling it in a way that never can be predicted. Such a condition would make the existence of

civilized society impossible. Man, with his limited powers and

intelligence, seeks to reduce to system and order everything within his control. How much more, then, should we expect an omnipotent and omniscient God to establish system and order, or natural

law, in his universe The laws of nature, then, instead of being opposed to the idea of God, are a strong evidence in its support. Instead of

explaining things in an ultimate way, the laws of nature themselves call for explanation. It is very common nowadays to hear

THE MODERN SKEPTIC. 525

the law of evolution cited as an explanation for everything in nature. The fact that without the idea of end or purpose evolution would be impossible, seems to have been overlooked by many

students of science.

Recent investigations in psychology have, in many individual cases, tended to further the cause of skepticism. It has been

found that in senseperception the mind is frequently subject to illusion; and that many people, sometimes in their lives, have hallucinations; that is, they seem to perceive something which has no

existence except in their own minds. This is a common experience

of the insane. Now if anyone proclaims that he has had a vision

or revelation, the skeptic, while admitting that such a person may be sincere, will declare that it was only an hallucination. He reasons this way: "Psychology has shown that people do sometimes

have hallucinations. This is something that is not observed by

everyone, therefore it is an hallucination."The fallacy here is

that of applying a physical science test to a human experience that is very different from physical science. I may have a pain in a

tooth, and you cannot know for yourself that it is there. Indeed,

you may say that it is an hallucination, and I cannot disprove it if you persist in unbelief. A Christian may have a deep and abiding

love of Christ, but the unbeliever cannot realize it, and his skepticism may give rise to sarcasm and contempt. A missionary may

travel and preach for the love of truth and the good of humanity;

but the selfseeker will say: "No. This is only a pretension. He

has some selfish motive."

It may be contended that the above are cases of feeling and volition, not of knowledge. In reply it may be said that even in

these cases there is the knowledge of pain, love, and desire or motive. And this is as real and as strictly individual as the feelings

themselves. Indeed, psychology has shown that all knowing, as

such, is private. One person cannot know absolutely the mental

content of another. It is only when the object of knowledge is

open to the inspection of all through the senses, or when it is a concept subject to logical or mathematical demonstration, that the socalled scientific tests can be applied. Science and scientific

methods have great value and are perfectly legitimate in their place, but they do not cover all human experience. The most

.526 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

vital questions pertaining to man, his spiritual powers and obligations, lie outside the domain of positive science. Religious knowledge and experience are as private and individual as the knowledge

and experience of love, pain, or desire.

How, then, can this knowledge be attained? Only by individual experience. We can know pain only by suffering; love,

only by loving; and the Spirit of God only by being made partakers

of it. This the spiritually minded may do by seeking God in faith

and humility, at the same time manifesting purity of life and willing obedience to Divine commands. But knowledge alone is only

a part of human experience. The feelings and the will are more

fundamental in life than is knowledge. According to many modern

philosophers, it is upon the more secure basis of feeling and volition that morality and religion have their foundations. This view

of morality is confirmed by modern psychology. A moral skeptic

may deny the moral law and declare that the whole duty of man is to seek his own pleasure in his own way, which is to say that he has no duties. Without a common ground of feeling and volition,

no one can prove to him that he is wrong. The skeptic in religion

is in a similar position. Both are most likely to be moved by experience more intense and soul stirring than mere reasoning.

A few special causes of skepticism may be worthy of mention

As sin may sometimes be practiced under the cloak of religion, so skepticism may be assumed as a justification for wrong doing. God,

immortality, and a universal moral order, are notions not agreeable to the impenitent sinner. He may deny religion because that

gives him most satisfaction; and while living in corruption, he is,

of course, devoid of religious experience. This is a good example

of how the feelings and the will may determine belief. Pride, self--

seeking, and worldlymindedness are barriers to faith and knowledge of God. We -do not assume that all skepticism is due to

these special causes. In the absence of these, however, skepticism, when manifest, should be only a temporary stage in the development of the individual.

No constructive mind can rest in skepticism. Such a mind

presses on until it attains a knowledge and appreciation of the fact that the most real thing in the universe is God.

Forest Dale, Utah.

H

m o

o o

n THOUGHTS OF A FARMER.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

VII.—LEADERS.

For the work on my farm I really need a small band of horses, and naturally I select the best that I can find, and match them for their work. But farm work is not all plowing and not all harrowing. I live some distance from town. I must haul in large

loads of wheat often, and sometimes back to the farm heavy loads of lumber. A single team will not always answer the purpose. I

need two, sometimes three, span. I must have a span or two of

leaders. I find them very, very hard to get. I have just really

one good span that will do for a lead team, and even one of that span is not quite what he should be. If leaders shirk, they are of

little value, they keep the wheel team back, render little or no service and would be better out of the way. A lead team should be

easily managed and quick to move. It should be steady and constant in pulling. In such a team we [should have that excellent

quality which good men possess, namely, conscientiousness.

With the wheel horses it is diflferent. They are near the

driver, they are within easy reach of the whip, they may be carefully watched and guided without much trouble. What they are

doing can be easily seen, and it is difficult for them to shirk.

Freighters or farmers are always proud of a good lead. The

quality of leaders in a team is something they boast about, and so the farmer often says a lead team is "mighty hard to get."A

good lead team must have a certain amount of nervous energy, must be highlived, natural born workers. How is it with men?

''onIs leadership common among them, or must men be worked wheel."Must they be near the whip, and driven along by the

force of circumstances, and compelled to do their duty?

THOUGHTS OF A FARMER. 529

There is another thing about a good lead team, it helps to give life to the wheelers. If the leaders go well, the whole team

works to an advantage. If the leaders are slow the wheelers

hang back. How true that is in the life of men! If I am a slow

man, an indifferent man or lazy man, I ought to have, for my own sake, and for the sake of the load I am helping to bear through life, good leaders, intelligent leaders, spirited leaders, with a high nervous tension The next time you see a good lead team, examine it, look first at the heads of the horses. You will probably find a broad forehead and a Roman nose. You will discover large nostrils, bright

and full eyes. The horses will be well limbed; their hair is likely

to be fine; Their heads are beautifully posed on uplifted and elegant necks; there is the air of leadership in their step. They belong to the aristocracy of horse flesh; and though a lead team may

be hard to find, a good wheelteam well led may render just as valuable service. The wheelteams of life are the common teams

of life.

As you move about in life you scarcely see more than one team hitched to a wagon, so that there is really but a limited demand for lead teams, and they are found wherever there are heavy loads to haul. So it is among men. Great leaders are found

only where the necessity of their services is apparent. In what

kind of a team would you like to work, a big team or a single team? Can you move easily, forcefully and intelligently in the

direction others should go? What are you looking at, the road in

life to be traveled, or are you looking at others to see which way they go, so that you may follow them? How are you guided, by

the thoughts and purposes of others, or have you before you some high moral aim, some distinct purpose in life? Is there a distant

object you are aiming to reach? You may not be a leader and

recognize the fact, but you may do good serviceable work on the wheel and carry your full share of the load of life, and you may it need the whip. If you recognize its necessity, don't balk when

is applied to you. If you are a leader, you may need to be held

in, for your own sake, and for the sake of others. Don't rare

and pitch and sweat if the lines are drawn on you. Regulate your

gait. There is really more chance for the lead team to go wrong

530 IMPROVEMENI ERA.

than there is for the wheelers. They not only have to keep the

right road, but sometimes must be guided where there are no roads to follow. One of the secrets of a lead team is its easy and

intelligent guidance.

We have a variety of teamsters. Sometimes we are driven

by circumstances, sometimes by the responsibilities of men, sometimes we are guided in life by an unseen hand, by an overrulingpower. Whoever and whatever our teamsters may be, it is our

good fortune if they guide us wisely and well. Every serviceable

man in this world, like every serviceable horse, must be subject to guidance. He is harnessed both to his fellowman and to his.

environments He must be harnessed that he may work. The

socalled independent man, the unguiderl man, the unharnessed man, like the unserviceable horse, is child of the prairie. In wild—a

the words of the horseman, he is an "outlaw."

Alberta, Canada.

THE EVANGELIST.

Lines dedicated to the memory of the late Patriarch E. H. Blackburn.

Born Sept. 17, 1827; died April 6, 1908.

We'll sing the praises of one great

And mighty in the Lord, Who passed from out this low estate

And went to his reward.

Not many in this vale of tears

Were given such gift and power

To bless, to heal, to aid mankind,

Each moment, day and hour.

And now his great career is passed,

His earthly mission closed;

His works were mighty, broad and vast;

How sweet is his repose For thousands here have heard bis voice

In blessings on their head.

And through his words do now rejoice,

Are nearer heaven led.

All honor to this patriarch, This gifted man of God!

To him there is great honor due,

Because he served the Lord Tho'Zion mourns a brother gone,

Erstwhile his praise we'll sing,

For in our loss the heaven's regained

A prophet, priest and king.

Richfield, April 10, 1908. Annie G. Lauritzen.

"WHAT OF THE BOY IN SUMMER TIME?

BY HON. FRANK J. HEWLETT.

[The author was formerly president of the Salt Lake City council, and is a successful Utah business man and manufacturer.—Editors.]

Winter has passed away; no more for a time will we see the

boy with his skates in hand hurrying to the ice pond. What a relief to his mind, after the studies for the day are over, to enjoj

the healthy sport and return home, his rosy cheeks glowing with animation, ready to take up his work again.

Spring has come. Earth again awakens from her slumber.

For months the soil, the plants, the insects, and even a part of the animal creation have been enjoying a vacation. But as the warmth

of the sun makes itself felt, and the gentle breezes sweep over the land, a mysterious movement begins in all departments of nature's vast realm.

Sweet sounds from the throats of birds are heard in the air, the buzz of tiny wings, and the chirp of insects come familiarly on the ear, like a faint echo of the past. Even the trees, in som'>

strange way, take on a greenish tinge just before their leaves appear, and lo! here and there a forward blade of grass or an early

flower gladdens the eye; it is a delightful change, after the mantle

of snow has melted away, that covered hill and plain.

It also states to the workers, in the noble cause of Mutual

Improvement, that our season is drawing to a close. It may be

nearing the end so far as our lessons are concerned; but never, in

watching the welfare of our boys. To make a success in life, to

develop both mind and body, our boys must have plenty to do.

Their interests should be looked after in the summer time. They

should be watched by the teachers to see if there are any symptoms 532 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

appearing that may lead them away from the teachings received during the winter. A word of advice given with tact, at the proper

time, will cause the boy to reflect, and in his own way he will cheerfully obey counsel given.

He should be encouraged in his work, and remunerated for what he does. A friend of mine said to me the other day:

"What do you think! my two boys are eagerly looking forward to the time when the dandelions will appear in the lawn."

I asked him why. The answer was

"I measure off a piece each week and promise them as a reward for clearing it, some good book they may desire, or some spending money. By encouraging them to earn what they receive,

they enjoy the work so much better. They also take care of the

chickens, and I give them a percentage of the increase. They

like the work, it also keeps them off the streets."

A few days ago, while conversing with the superintendent of a school in one of our mining towns, he told me the boys had studied hard and become proficient in their exercises, in fact were nearly perfect. "One of the causes is that we have organized a

juvenile band of twenty pieces. They are doing splendid work,

and we have promised them, also the other boys that desire to go, to take them next summer on a trip to some of our settlements, where they have never been blessed with a band of their own, and give some concerts. We will travel by team, camp out at night,

eat our meals around the brush fire, and have a jolly good time.

We hope to pay expenses by our concerts; if not, we have a quiet

understanding with the teachers and parents to meet the deficiency. All are working hard, anticipations run high. There is no

doubt in our minds but what we will all have a good, profitable time."Our boy, whether it is in the winter or the summertime, should always strive to advance, both financially and intellectually. A

boy resided in this locality many years ago. His parents were

very poor. One day he saw five beautiful white ducks offered for

sale. His heart leaped with joy at the thought of becoming the

proud owner of them—but how to earn the money was the next

question. He saw a sign which read, "Carpet Rags Wanted."He

went to work; old clothing was torn into strips, sewed together,

''WHAT OF THE BOY IN SUMMER TIMEr 533

rolled into balls. Day and most of the night the lad worked until

he had two large sacks full. The carpet weaver gladly paid the

price. The ducks were purchased with the money earned. The

boy displayed the same energy through life, always relying on his own resources. He is now president of a large business institution,

besides being a director in several others. It is our duty to encourage the boy to have ideas of his own, then develop and work

them out.

The parents should accompany them to the different pleasure resorts, watch over them, and see that they have a good time.

And always notice closely their associates, what their habits are, and learn if they are fit companions for them.

It is at these places where the teachings of the winter are apt in ato be forgotten:—where one false step, like a drop of ink

glass of pure water, clouds the character. So will our boy's future

happiness become marred, and he be led away from the path of righteousness. There is an old saying: "As the twig is bent, the

tree is inclined."

It is an interesting as well as instructive practice for a person of mature years to recall the acquaintances of his youth, trace their history, and note what they have turned out to be in the years. A leading U. S. senator gives the result of such a

study made by himself, which shows some facts that are worthy of serious consideration. He says:

"Twentyfive years ago I knew every man, woman an child in Peekskili,

New York. And it has been a study with me to mark boys who started in every

grade of life with myself to see what became of them. I was up last fall and

began to count them over, and it was an instructive exhibit. Some of them became clerks, merchants, manufacturers, lawyers and doctors. It is remarkable

that every one of these that "drank"is dead, not one living of my age. Barring

of few who were taken by sickness, every one proved a wreck, and wrecked his family, and did it from strong drink and no other cause. Of those who were

churchgoing people, who were steady, who were frugal and thrifty, every single one of them, without an exception, owns the house in which he lives, and has something laid by, the interest of which, with his house would carry him through many a day."

If the results of the studies made in this line by other persons were given, they would be found to corroborate.in a marked degree

those of this senator. Let any man reflect for a few moments upon

534 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the careers of his lifetime acquaintances and he will discover that the character of their early life has had its influence upon their future course.

Young men, think of these facts, and strive to make a start on the proper course and keep it.

Were it possible to send our boys on a farm a part of the summer, it would result to their advantage, both physically and morally. During their spare moments, they could study nature in

the mountains, streams and valleys. They could study the flowers,

birds and insects in their native environments.

There is no young man that is so busy but he can devote a few minutes each day to the study of a book, and absorb every point that is for his intellectual benefit.

Let us hope that our boys during the summer time, whether in the gymnasium, on a fishing trip, working in a factory, following the plow, will devote a few moments of thought to the exercises they enjoyed at our association meetings during the winter.

An occasional reading of some of the lessons in our manual that have proved so interesting, such as "How Knowledge Comes,""The Meaning of Prayer,""Counsel,""Chastity,""The Effect of Chastity,"and other equally interesting ones, will be time well spent.

Let us in the summer time give the boys a gentle reminder of these things, that are as beautiful as the light, and to him will prove "pearls of great price."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

KEEP GOOD NATURED.

'No matter how disagreeable your work, or how much trouble you may have, resolve that whatever comes to you or does not come to you, you will keep sweet, that you will not allow your disposition to sour, that you will face the sunlight, no matter how deep the shadows. You can make poetry out of the prosiest life,

and bring sunshine into the darkest home; you can develop beauty

and grace amid the ugliest surroundings. It is not circumstances,

so much as attitude of mind, that gives happiness. Selected.

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH

THE VOICE OF THE SPIRIT.

BY ELDER HENRY S. TANNER.

The following is part of a blessing pronounced upon my head

March 11, 1890, by Heber J. Grant and Abram H. Cannon, Elder

Grant being mouth:

That through your humility of heart and faithfulness you shall be blessed of the Lord in this mission, that you shall go in peace and return in safety. * * *

You shall be warned by your heavenly Father and the inspiration of his Spirit;

you shall be blessed with knowledge and wisdom from him to enable you to avoid the snares and pitfalls that may be laid for you by the enemies of righteousness. * * * inasmuch as you follow the admonitions of the servants of

God, and shall listen to the counsels of those who preside over you in the Southern States Mission, that you shall eventually return to your home in peace and safety, having accomplished a good work, and rejoicing in the labors you have been called upon to perform.

During the evening of March 28, 1890, Elder David T. LeBaron of Mesa, Arizona, (then president of the South Carolina

Conference) and I were at the residence of John Gordon, a few miles north of Gaffney, in Spartanburg county, South Carolina. A

forest fire had been ravaging the woods during the day, which brought together an unusually large number of men. After having extinguished the fire, many of them retired to the Bethel

church, where they perfected an organization to exterminate the "Mormons."Just before supper, and while in the yard, I heard a

voice say, "You'd better go."I looked around, but saw no one.

Had it not been for the strange and unusual effect which followed with the repetition of the words, I would not have noticed it. I

536 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

became nervous and uncomfortable, and suggested to Brother

LeBaron that we leave the neighborhood. He, however, not feeling as I felt, could not see the necessity of such a departure,

when we were among our friends, and there was not even apparent danger. A second and a third time I heard the voice,- and

each time went to my companion and told him what I had heard and how I felt. Brother LeBaron, who was always very deliberate, and knew no fear, thought it somewhat inconsistent for us to

leave our friends, hoping to find security elsewhere. There were,

however, a number of families of Saints in the immediate neighboihood and ordinarily it would be considered suflficiently safe.

As the evening passed, I became more restless and unsettled.

My heart beat faster and my blood rushed through my veins with greater rapidity, and I felt that I should flee from the conditions which were so unnerving me. I was not frightened of my fellowmen, but I felt the Spirit of Light gradually withdrawing from me,

and I knew that something calamitous was about to happen.

Minutes seemed hours; and hours, weeks, and the impressions of

that evening, time cannot efface.

The house was simply a log structure containing one room, which served the family as diningroom, sittingroom, parlor, pantry and bedroom all combined. We knelt in prayer around the

family hearth, and while my companion was offering words of supplication to our Master, my body was covered with great beads of perspiration, and I felt that I was nearing perdition. An apparent panorama appeared to my mind. I saw in vision what was

actually happening: a crowd of men come from the road and surround the house, and when they raised large boulders, my fear was

complete, and I lost power over every muscle. No sooner had the

stones struck the door than I hit the rafters. I jumped back

between the beds with the hope of security, expecting to get a gun or ax for defense. Finding no weapons, and while trying to

pull off one of the bedposts, six or eight rifles or shotguns were leveled on me, and I was unceremoniously and in thundering tones commanded to lead the procession. My companion and I led,

unwillingly, the clamorous brigade. They followed in close proximity, in fact we could feel their presence for several days after.

The experience was more exciting than pleasant. The climax

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH. 537

came when we reached the forks of the road where others were waiting to receive us. Judgment was rendered, and we were

ordered stripped, each to receive forty lashes on our naked bodies or to be shot, and if we would not promise to leave after the whipping, they would shoot us anyway. We failed to convince

them that their judgment was not well taken, and they proceeded to relieve us of our clothes. Our coats and vests lay on the

ground, and the leader of that august body asked why we came there when we were just beaten in our own country. My answer

did not seem to be sufficiently courteous, and with vicious, vulgar, and thunderous oaths the hickories fell. The blows acted as a

quietus, and my composure immediately returned. I remembered

my blessing and that part where I was promised to go in peace and return in safety, and I thought, ''Lord, you made a mistake this time."This was immediately dispelled with the words, "You

did not obey the Spirit of the Lord."I fairly wilted, offering a

secret prayer for forgiveness and deliverance. I commenced

reasoning with them, and soon showed them the fallacy of their position. They advised us to go home, turn off all of our women

but one, and live like "we uns,"then told us to "hit the grit."

We had no sooner started than they tried to recall us,but in pursuance of their other order we "hit the grit."Thus thwarted in their

design, they began to throw stones and shoot at us. A great

number of shots were fired, and bullets and missiles fell all around, but not one hit us. Thus we were delivered from the mob, and

by following the whisperings of the Spirit always after avoided them.

Within a week of the above occurrence and at about nine o'clock at night, we were warned as before, and as soon as we could tell the folks good by and pick up our grips we commenced to travel. As we were leaving the yard a friend came running

and told us to go quickly for a mob was coming. As we left the

clearing on one side, the mob entered on the other, thus we missed an entangling alliance.

Elder William A. Reeve of Hinckley, Millard county, Utah,and

I were sent to labor in Union county, but because of persecution coming upon the Saints and threatened extermination, we were requested to return to Spartanburg. At eleven o'clock p. m.,

588 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

after having walked about thirty miles that afternoon and being within a mile of friends, I was encompassed with a peculiar sensation. It seemed like a cloud had come over me. I was rendered

motionless and laid on my back in the dusty road entirely helpless.

After remaining in that condition for about half an hour, this temporary paralysis ceased, and the cloud left as it came. At

the time those mysterious feelings came over me, I was completely jaded, but immediately upon arising, I expressed my feelings to my companion that I never felt better or happier in the world,and that I was completely free from the effects of our long walk. In about five

minutes we came to Widow Wood's where, between her two houses which were joined by a roof, we saw a crowd of men drinking and heard them swearing and cursing the "Mormons."Two or three

large, ferocious hounds lay at the gate, but did not appear to see us. It was a very bright, moonlight night. Never before had

people passed Widow Wood's without those dogs rushing at them as if they intended eating them up. However, we did not understand the purport of what had actually occurred until we arrived

at Loss Wilson's, about half a mile beyond. We rapped at the door

and Brother Wilson answered, and as he opened the door said, "Elders, it hasn't been twenty minutes since the mo left here."

During the latter part of September, 1892, I was at Pireway,

N. C, where I was preparing for conference to be held on the 1st

and 2nd of October. Early in the morning when I was returning

from the woods where I had been in prayer, a voice said, ''Go to

Long Bay."I looked around, but could see no one. The words

were repeated and I felt a power accompanying them. I was considerably agitated and began to wonder why I was told to go to

Long Bay. During my meditation the words were repeated, "Go

to Long Bay,"and I answered, "I'll go."I went immediately +o

the house of Monroe Long, where I was staying, and asked for the use of his horse and buggy to drive to Long Bay. Mr. Long

wished to know what I was going to Long Bay for, and I told him that I did not know except that I felt impressed to go thee, to which he answered, "You 'Mormons'get funnier all the time; I

can't understand you."However, he lent me his horse and buggy

and I proceeded to Long Bay.

Long Bay is on the Atlantic coast in Horry county, South

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH. 539

Carolina, and I was in the adjoining county on the north, Columbus county, N. C. I drove to the house of John Patrick at Long Bay,

tied up the horse and walked into the house. Finding no one in

the front room, I went on into the bedroom, in the rear of the house, and found two elders down with the ague. Henry D. Wallace, of Salt Lake City, was lying in one corner of the room, and

James S. Carlyle, of Mill Creek, in another. My anticipations had

been great. All day I had tried to determine for what I was

going to Long Bay, and what I would find upon arriving there. I

never once thought of elders being in that neighborhood. When

I last heard of these two elders they were down near the mouth of the Little Pee Dee river. My expectations had worked me up almost to a fever heat, and when I walked into the room where they

were both lying prostrate, I felt that I should collapse. I went to

each of the elders in turn, took them by the hands and commanded them to arise in the name of Jesus Christ, and be made whole.

They arose and dressed, and rejoiced because the power of God had been made manifest in their behalf. Elder Carlyle returned with

me to Pireway, and Elder Wallace came a few days later.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

FROM THE MISSION FIELD.

Elder Albert B. Foulger, writes from Kimberley, Soath Africa, January 27:

"Twentytwo months have passed since I left my loved ones and our dear old mountain home, with a heart full of gratitude to my Heavenly Father for the privilege of becoming an ambassador for the cause of truth. I little realized the

encounters that would ensue, but they have only tended to strengthen my testimony and give me greater confidence in the cause which I represent. My heart

goes out to the young man who does not take advantage of a mission. You know

when the returning missionaries have given their experiences in the field, they almost invariably remark, 'It has been the happiest time of my life,'and the question often presented itself to me, is it really a fact that this is so, or is it because they are at home again and have the satisfaction of knowing that they have been honorably released? Now I am in a position to answer the question to

my own satisfaction, and I thank th3 Lord with all my soul for placing me in a position where my mind is centered upon life and salvation. The work of the

Lord is progressing nicely in Soutli Afi'ica, anl from all indications the year 1908 is going to be a banner year for the cause of truth with us. A great deal of prejudice is being removed, and many of the people are giving the gospel prayerful

investigation."

ON THE ALTAR OF MOTHERHOOD

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

The sweetest flowers are not always those which glow richly or noisily by the highway. Often the quiet blossoms, sheltering

beneath the oak, or climbing in quiet beauty to the mountain steeps, are rarer, sweeter and of higher worth. So some of life's

holiest women have dwelt quietly apart from the public gaze.

There should be honor for the brave hearted ones who face the storms on the public highways; yet there should be equal remembering for those who flinch not while breasting the winds of life in

quieter places. Only those who have plucked and worn a flower

from life's most sheltered and carefully trained recesses, can know how doubly prized such blossoms are! Only those who have

loved and lost a cherished spirit of quiet yet exalted character, may know the aching void which silence and separation press upon the soul of him who is bereft.

Louie E. Shurtliff Smith was the daughter of President

Lewis W. ShurtliflP, of the Weber stake of Zion, and only daughter

of her mother, Emily Wainwright Shartliff. She was born June

16, 1876, in Plain City, Weber Co. At the time of her birth her

father was bishop of that place; later the family moved to Ogden,

and, as is well known, her father was chosen as the spiritual head of the Weber stake. Louie's school training was received in the

public schools of Ogden, finishing her high school course in the

Weber stake academy, graduating in 1894. She entered the

University of Utah, in September, 1894, covering a four year's course in three years, and graduating in 1897. It was while

boarding at the home of President Joseph F. Smith that she

became acquainted with her future husband. She was domiciled

at his mother's home, and the exacting relations of a long, intiON THE ALTAR OF MOTHERHOOD. 541

mate acquairtance under these circumstance only served to bring out in brighter measure the beauty and charm of Louie's refined and intelligent nature. An abiding affection sprang up between

the eldest son of the home, Joseph F. Smith, Jr., and the young

girl student from Weber.

Returning to her Ogden home, Louie taught school during the year 1897-8, and on April 26, 1898, she became the wife of Joseph

F. Smith, Jr. The ceremony took place in the Salt Lake Temple

Louie Shurtliff Smith, Wife of Joseph F. Smith, Jr., a member of the

General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

and was performed by President Smith. The young couple dwelt

under the parental roof for a few months, when the husband was called on a foreign mission. During the years 18981901,

while he was on a mission to Great Britain, Louie lived with her parents, taking a position in the Ross book store. Who may compute the heroism of the women who toil and sacrifice at home

542 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

while their husbands are out upon the firing line with the gospel message? We would revolt at the necessity for such cruel experiences, only that we see ever the splendid consequences in the rich

fulness and noble breadth begotten by these sacrifices, in both the missionaries who go out and in their wives and mothers whom they leave behind.

Once more settled happily in her home life with her husband,

Louie engaged in the work of redemption for the dead, her recent past having expanded her sympathies for the helpless ones behind the veil, for whom she could open the door of salvation. She

therefore engaged in temple work in the Salt Lake Temple during the years 1901-2.

Since that time she devoted her tender sympathies and her efficient labors to the comfort and rearing of her family. She was

not a strong girl, physically, and her sensitive soul was never more at rest than when ministering to her loved ones in the home circle.

She was the mother of two httle girls, Josephine, born September 18, 1902, and Julina, born February 6, 1906. After her husband was

called into active public life she was proudly content to redouble her own efforts to make her home the haven of rest it was for both happy children and busy husband. As one of the Church

historians, as a member of the Y. M. M. \. A. General Board, and

as a member of the Salt Lake Stake High Council, her husband's life was necessarily fraught with much sacrifice of homelife and personal comfort; yet his good wife, like hundreds of her sisters

in this Church, rejoiced in that renunciation, fully conscious of the blessedness awaiting them because of that labor, both here and hereafter.

We have spoken of Louie as a devoted wife; she was also, a

most exemplary mother. She not only proved that devotion by

years of toil and sacrifice, but she offered up at the last her life upon the altar of motherhood. Shall not such be numbered with

the martyrs?

For several months her health failed under the added burden of a longedfor future blessedness; nerves and body failed to

respond to a willing and patient spirit; and for some inscrutable

reason known only to the Discoverer of all secrets, Louie Shurtliff

Smith was called to her Father's home on the 30th of March,

ON THE ALTAR OF MOTHERHOOD. 543

1908. Her mother was passionately devoted to this lovely and

devoted daughter; the tender comradeship between these two was

an inspiration to those who knew them best; Louie was the pride

of her parents, and the joy of her father's friends and associates;

during those last hours the mother's presence at her daughter's bedside soothed much of the pain and softened many of the pangs.

Not for long were these two parted, after Louie was stricken with her mortal illness. If she was precious to her husband, she was

no less the priceless treasure of her mother's heart. And so, it

was a broken household which awakened to the loss of this young wife and daughter.

The funeral services were held at the Seventeenth Ward chapel, under the direction of Bishop Tingey, on Thursday, April 2, at 11 a.m. A large company of mourning friends came down from

Ogden to attend the services. Among them were President C. F.

Middleton, John V. Bluth, the stake clerk, ten members of the

High Council, Bishops John Watson and Robert McQuarrie, a representative of the Ogden press, and many relatives and friends, and they were joined by many former Ogden friends now residing in Salt Lake City.

The following is taken from the account of the beautiful funeral services, in the Ogden Examiner.

At the chapel there were in attendance of the general authorities, each member of the first presidency, seven members of the council of Twelve, several members of the first council of Seventy, Presiding Bishop C. W. Nibley and others.

The speakers were Bishop John Watson of Ogden Fifth Ward, the deceased having been a member of his ward for many years before moving to Salt Lake City, though his association with her had been mainly in the Sabbath schools; Elder

David 0. McKay, Elder George A. Smith, and Elder John Henry Smith, all of

whom spoke of the example she had set as a true wife and a noble mother, of her purity of life, and the selfsacrificing devotion which had been such a marked characteristic of her married life.

Particularly touching were the words of cheer and comfort to the bereaved husband whose loss was accentuated by the exceptional qualities of the beloved companion who had left him and her two babes for the great beyond. In the

hope of a reunion to come where there shall be no more parting, no more sorrow and no grief, and in the feeling that she was one of God's beloved, lay the strength and the comfort of the words of consolation offered the griefstricken husband and father.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

(Held in Salt Lake City, April 4, 5, 6, 1908.)

In the opening address of President Joseph F. Smith at the

78th annual conference of the Church, many important and timely topics were touched upon. A perusal of this address will give a

good insight into the subjects treated and the business transacted at the conference, which was without doubt the most largely attended gathering of any heretofore held. In his opening remarks

President Smith expressed himself delighted with the large attendance, and the interest manifested by the people; and thankful and

grateful to our Heavenly Father for his mercy and kindness to the

Saints during the past year. He said:

The hand of the Lord is over his people, and his eye is upon it more so than is visible at the present'timehis work—never was

It is true that we owe to him our deliverance from our enemies, from those who have sought our hurt and who are still seeking our hurt. We acknowledge the hand of him who overrules all things,

for we do not claim to possess the wisdom, the knowledge, or the power, in and of ourselves, to accomplish that which has been accomplished, or to effect the deliverance that has been wrought out for the people of God since the incipiency of this work. We realize that it has been by the favor and mercy and protecting care

of Almighty God that his people and his work of redemption, established in the latter days through the Prophet Joseph Smith, have been preserved and brought to their present standing, power and influence in the midst of the earth. We thank God for his

EDITOR'S TABLE. 545

mercies and blessings; and I do not know but what we owe in some

small degree gratitude to those who have bitterly opposed the work of the Lord; for in all their opposings and bitter strife

against our people, the Lord has developed his power and wisdom, and has brought his people more fully into the knowledge and favor of the intelligent people of the earth. Through the very

means used by those who have opposed the work of God, He has brought out good for Zion. Yet, it is written, and I believe it is

true, that although it must needs be that offenses come, woe unto them by whom they come; but they are in the hands of the Lord

as we are. We bring no railing accusation against them. We

are willing to leave them in the hands of the Almighty to deal with them as seemeth him good. Our business is to work righteousness in the earth, to seek for the development of a knowledge

of God's will and of God's ways, and of his great and glorious truths which he has revealed through the instrumentality of Joseph the Prophet, not only for the salvation of the living but for the redemption and salvation of the dead if I am capable of rejoic- I rejoice as much today—and more,

I ever did before. I feeling more—in the work of the Lord than

today as confident and as sure in the continued providences of the

Lord, in his continued mercy toward his people, and in the glorious fact that it is his work, that he is directing it and will continue to do so, as I ever felt in my life. Indeed, there is not the

shadow of a doubt in my mind in regard to these things. I feel

confident of the truth of God's work, of the mission of the Prophet

Joseph, of the truth and divinity of the precious ordinances of the gospel that have been restored to man in the latter day, and I believe that this gospel is the power of God unto salvation. I feel

sure of it

TEMPERANCE.

I will say to my brethren and sisters who are present that I believe, in all candor and truth, that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, now organized m the midst of these eternal hills, was never in a better condition, spiritual or temporal, than 546 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

today. The people never were more united than they are now.

They never observed the laws of God more faithfully, or more truly and honestly than they are doing today, not only upon general principles, or in a general way, but specifically they are becoming more careful in their observance of the words that the

Lord has spoken for their good. I believe that we are coming

nearer to the point where we shall be able to observe that great and glorious law of temperance which the Lord Almighty has given to us, wherein he has said that strong drink is not good, that tobacco is not for the habitual use of man, not for the stomach, but for sick cattle. We are coming to the conclusion that the Lord

knew best, when he delivered to the Church, through the Prophet

Joseph Smith, that "Word of Wisdom,"contained in the book of revelations from the Lord. Although we see a few, professing to

be Latterday Saints, who are still slaves to the debased appetite for tobacco, and perhaps some with an appetite for strong drink, yet the great majority of the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are coming nearer and nearer to a proper observance of the law which the Lord has given to us for our health, for the preservation of our lives; that we may be in harmony with

his Spirit and his will, that we may be clean and undefiled, that we may be nearer like unto him who was without sin. Who was

indeed pure and holy as God is pure and holy. When I see a man

professing to be a Latterday Saint, or even professing to be a member of the Church, though not making any great professions of being a Latterday Saint, befouling his breath with intoxicating drink, with the fumes of tobacco, or by the use of any unnecessary stimulants, it grieves my spirit, my soul goes out for him in pity and in sorrowful regret, and I wonder why it is that we, individually, cannot realize our own folly, our own degradation in yielding to these pernicious habits that are neither useful nor ornamental, nor in the least degree beneficial, but indeed are harmful. Why cannot we rise to that degree of intelligence that would

enable us to say to the tempter, "Get behind me,"and to turn our backs upon the practice of evil. How humihating it must be

to a thoughtful man to feel that he is a slave to his appetites, or to an overweening and pernicious habit, desire, or passion! We

EDITOR'S TABLE. 547

believe in strict temperance. We believe in abstinence from all

injurious practices and from the use of all hurtful things. Poison,

in the judgment of the physician, may be beneficial, under some conditions in life, as a momentary relief; but poison, under any

circumstance, should only be used as a temporary expedient, necessary, perhaps, in our best judgment, for the time being, for the instant—for sudden and certain desired reliefs—but the continued

use of that poison will fasten its fangs upon us, so to speak, in such a way that by and by we will find that we are overpowered by it, and we become slaves of the pernicious habit that becomes a tyrannical master over us.

There is a general movement throughout the land looking towards local option and temperance among the people of our state, and of the adjoining states. I sincerely hope that every Latterday Saint will cooperate with this movement, in order that we

may curtail the monstrous evils which exist, especially in our cities. I wish to say that I am in sympathy with this movement,

and I know that my brethren are united with me and in harmony with the efforts that are being made to establish temperance throughout the land. We want nothing drastic, nothing that

would be illiberal or oppressive, but we do think that the people ought to have their choice as to whether they will permit or have is tooin their midst drunkenness, rioting, and murder—which

will insist on aboften the result of drunkenness—or whether they

stinence from these things, that the people might have peace insured among them, and that their children might not be subjected to the temptations into which they are thrown because of the presence of these evils.

WORK OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS.

Several very important movements have been inaugurated of late among us for the advantage of the Saints, and especially for the benefit and advancement of those who are associated with the various quorums of the Priesthood. I desire to mention the effort

that is being made by our Seventies in their organization of classes and schools for the instruction of the members of their quorums.

548 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that they might be qualified for the great work of the ministry to which they are dedicated. Efforts are also being made to organize and put to usefulness the quorums of the Lesser Priethood. In

my judgment we are progressing rapidly in these directions. It

is also understood that those of the Melchizedek Priesthood, the presidents of High Priests'quorums, and the High Priests throughout the Church are instituting methods by which those who are members of these quorums may learn their duty and become familiar with the laws of the Church, which should govern their actions, that they may be, indeed, fathers among the people, exercising the functions that belong to their calling as High Priests in

Zion or in the Church. They should be examplars; they should be

teachers. They should understand, above all other men, the principles of government and the order of the Church. They should

move forward solidly in the exercise of their influence, individually and collectively, against all evil, against the spirit of indifference, the spirit of neglect and unbelief. Every man who holds the office

of High Priest in the Church or has been ordained a High Priest, whether he is called to active position in the Church or not inasmuch as he has been ordained a High Priest, should feel that it is his bounden duty,to set an example beforehe is obliged—that

the old and young worthy of emulation, and to place himself in a position to be a teacher of righteousness, not only by precept, but more particularly by example—giving to the younger ones the

benefit of experience of age, and thus becoming individually a power in the midst of the communities in which they dwell. Every

man who has light should let that light shine that those who see it may glorify their Father which is in heaven, and honor him who possesses the light and who causes it to shine forth for the benefit of others. In a local capacity there is no body of Priesthood in the

Church who should excel, or who are expected to excel, those who are called to bear the office of High Priests in the Church. From

among those who hold this office are chosen the presidents of stakes and their counselors, and the High Councils of the fiftysix stakes of Zion which are now organized; and from this office are

chosen the bishops, and the bishop's counselors in every ward in

Zion; and heretofore, of this office are those who have been called

EDITOR'S TABLE. -,49

to take charge of our stake Mutual Improvement organizations.

Those holding this office are, as a rule, men of advanced years, and varied experience, men who have filled missions abroad, who have preached the gospel to the nations of the earth and who have had experience not only abroad but at home. Their experience

and wisdom is the ripened fruit of years of labor in the Church, and they should exercise that wisdom for the benefit of all with whom they are associated The Seventies are laboring for the purpose of (}ualifying themselves for the work of the ministry abroad among the nations of the earth, which is their legitimate calling. I commend the

eflforts of our brethren of the Seven Presidents of Seventies in their endeavor to bring about the good results they have in view in this direction.

The Elders'quorums should also be looked after, and those who preside in them should be active in season and out of season.

They should be vigilant and faithful in looking after those intrusted to their care, and who are subject to their direction and counsel.

The Bishops and the Lesser Priesthood should be very active and energetic. We should look after our boys who have been

ordained Deacons and Teachers and Priests in the Church. We

should find something for them to do in their callings. Let them

be appointed to active labors in their several spheres. Put forward those who have not had experience to accompany those who

have, and give them something to do. Let the Deacons not only

assist to keep the meeting houses in repair, and their grounds in proper condition, but let them be set to work to look after the widows and fatherless, the aged and the poor. Many of our young

men who are idle, languishing for the want of something to do, could be made useful in helping the poor to clean up about their homes and make them comfortable, and helping to live in such a way that life would be pleasant to them. There is no reason why

the members of the Lesser Priesthood should not be engaged in missions and labors of this kind, instead of calling upon the

Trusteein-trust for the tithing to pay for planting trees to ornament the grounds of the meeting houses, or to paint the wood550 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

work, or to renovate and cleanse the houses of worship, to make them suitable for the worship of God—call the Lesser Priesthood

to the work. Give them something to do that will make them

interested in the work of the Lord; and above all things direct

their energies in such a way that they will be helpful to the needy, helpful to the poor, helpful to themselves and to the Church. It

will benefit them not only as regards their standing in the Church, and their faith in the Priesthood which they bear, but it will help them to become better boys at home. They will be more dutiful

to their parents, more respectful to their brothers and sisters and others. They will become more mindful of their duties at home

and abroad. This is in the line of discipline, of instruction and of

gaining practical experience. Instead of leaving these young

people, who are full of energy, to roam the streets, to congregate upon the corners, or to idle away their time in folly and in contracting, perhaps, foolish habits and practices, give them something to do that will be uplifting, something that will be enlarging to their souls, and that will be an instruction to them that they will remember all their days.

OTHER ORGANIZATIONS.

I want to say also that so far as I know, and I think that we have the opportunity of knowing pretty well,—the condition of

our auxiliary organizations is satisfactory. As a general thing

they are in good condition. We may lack in some things, but as

a whole our auxiliary organizations are active and energetic and are working constantly for individual and general good. I believe

that there is a feeling of harmony existing between all these associations one with another. There is no strife existing among

them, there is no contention. Indeed the spirit of contention is a

thing not known among the Latterday Saints. You find the spirit

of contention only among apostates and those who have denied the faith, thoe who have turned away from the truth and have become enemies to God and his work. There you will find the spirit

of contention, the spirit of strife. There you will find them wanting to "argue the question,"and to dispute with you all the time.

Their food, their meat and their drink is contention which is

EDITOR'S TABLE. 55

abominable in the sight of the Lord. We do not contend. We

are not cententious, for if we were, we would grieve the Spirit of the Lord from us, just as apostates do and have always done.

MISSIONARY STATISTICS.

I have some data here that I thought I would mention in a general way.

One item is the number of missionaries laboring in the world is, elders sent out from Zion into the mission field: On—that

the 31st of last December we had 1,810 missionaries from Zion out in the various mission fields in the world. There were also

fortyfour sisters who have accompanied their husbands upon their missions. Besides these, th<re are a number of local elders working in the ministry.

We sent out, during the year 1907, into the various missionary fields 927 elders, who will spend from two to four years on their missions.

There have returned from the various mission fields, during the year 1907, 707 elders.

In this connection I wish to mention the fact that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, through their Trusteein-

Trust, has paid the returning fares of all these elders. They

go out into the world at their own expense. They maintain themselves in their missions, at their own expense, or by the assistance

of their parents or kindred at home, and the little assistance that they may receive from time to time from the people among whom they labor.

I have another list, which is too long to be given here today, showing the number of elders in the mission field from each stake of Zion. We can tell you in a moment just how many elders each

stake has in the mission field; but I feel that to continue longer

would be to trespass upon your time.

I pray God to bless you. I feel joyous and happy in the ministry, in the work of the Lord.

We will hear, during the conference, reports from other quarters. A very careful and exhaustive auditation of the accounts

and books, the receipts and expenditures of the tithing, for the 552 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

last year, has been made by the Auditing Committee of the

Church.

A NEW AUDITOR.

It just comes to my mind that Elder Charles W. Nibley, having been called to the Presiding Bishopric, has been released from

the Auditing Committee, and Brother Henry H. Rolapp, of Ogden,

has been appointed to act in his stead. I would like to submit the

name of Brother Henry H. Rolapp before this meeting for your

approval and acceptance to act upon this committee. (Vote

unanimous)

WE SEEK FOR AND BELIEVE IN TRUTH.

The general authorities of the Church will be presented possibly tomorrow, and if not then, the next day. We desire the

brethren and sisters who come to the conference to come with their hearts full of the spirit of wisdom and of truth, and if you discern in us any lack of wisdom, or of judgment, any failure in the performance of our duty, we desire that those who have superior experience and knowledge and greater intelligence will do us the honor and favor of coming to us individually and letting us know wherein we come short. We will give a thousand errors, if

we can find them or if they exist in us,—any moment for one

truth; and we will swap oflf a hundred mistakes, aye thousands of

mistakes if they can be found, for one accurate, consistent and proper action. We are seeking for the truth. We love the truth,

and we know when we learn the truth that it is the truth. We

believe in the divine mission of Christ and in his great plan of redemption for the living and the dead. We believe in the divine

mission of Joseph Smith the Prophet. We believe in every word

that he spoke by the inspiration of Almighty God, and not one word that he ever uttered or gave as a revelation from God will fall to the ground as error, but it will stand upon its own merit as truth, God's truth, eternal truth,—''while life and thought and

being last or immortality endures."This is our testimony to the

divinity of the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and to the divine revelations that the Lord made, through him, to the world.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 553

God help u"> to receive the truth and abide by it, is my prayer, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

SELFCONTROL, ITS KINGSHIP AND MAJESTY.

We are pleased to announce to our readers that arrangements have been made for the right to print in the Improvement Era, beginning in June, sixteen chapters under the above caption, by

William George Jordan, the author of Great Truths. One of the

following subjects will appear in each number of the Era, and we are confident our readers will be delighted with these essays which contain in epigrammatic form such counsel on the right attitude toward life as is universally needed. The essays are very helpful

to all, and are each worth the price of our magazine to any young man, and especially to him who is just starting out in. life for

himself: "The Kingship of SelfControl,""The Crimes of the Tongue,""The Red Tape of Duty,""The Supreme Charity of the World,""Worry, the Great American Disease,""The Greatness of Simplicity,""Living Life Over Again,""Syndicating Our Sorrows,""The Revelations of Reserve Power,""The Majesty of Calmness,""Hurry the Scourge of America,""The Power of Personal

Influence,"''The Dignity of SelfReliance,""Failure as a Success,""Doing our Best at All Times,"The Royal Road to Happiness.''

We hope through these and other first class articles in store for our readers, to retain every subscriber we have for this volume for Vol. 12, which begins in November, and to add many new ones

to our list.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Elder C. Elmer Barrett writing from Darmstadt, Germany, March 12, says:

"I am enjoying my work well, and the Lord is blessing us abundantly here in

Germany, although we have opposition now and then from the police; yet the

work goes on, and it will continue to go on, for the Lord is at the helm. The

Era is a great help to us in our work."

554 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Elder John A. Southwick died in the Thames Hospital, Thames, New Zealand,

March 12, 1908. He was born in Lehi, Utah, February 20, 1883, but spent most

of his life in Springville. He had been in the mission field since November 7,

1904, and had been released to return home when he took sick. His body was

brought to Utah for burial, by Elder George B. Andrus. Funeral was held in

Lehi, April 13. His companions loved him and declared him to be a humble, upright, and persevering man whose whole soul was enwrapped in his labors.

Elder F. N. Parkinson, writing under date of March 6, says: "I write from

Berlin, one of the world's largest cities, renowed for its cleanliness and grandeur.

Let me say a word of encouragement to my young brothers and sisters. In the

early days of the Church, advantages which we now have were not given to our elders. There were no Brigham Young Colleges, universities, or stake academies,

or Church publications as we now have. It is different now, God has blessed us

with the gift of opportunity, and George H. Lorimer says: 'The only favor that a

good man needs is an opportunity to do the best work that is in him.'If you wish

to do the best work, and defend the truth, and do it intelligently, use the many helps now afforded you. Pray to God for thoughts, free speech and the Spirit,

and forget not that he has already done much to prepare your way. Do as President Penrose says: 'Work, work, work, and then you may pray, Heavenly Father

make us proficient servants in thy sight. 'Spring is here, and it inspires our

hearts to work, and we feel that God is showering his blessings down upon us, because friends are inviting us to explain the gospel in their homes, and many attend our meetings. '

Elder Nephi Otteson, writing from Idaho Falls, Idaho, March 1, says: "I

was very much interested in the article in the March Era, 'Fragments of Church

History;'interested doubly from the fact that I had a long talk with Benjamin

Winchester a few months before his death. In the early part of 1900, Elder Fred

Crook and I were laboring as elders in Council Bluffs, Iowa, and learning that

Winchester was living in that city, we determined to call on him. We found a

feeble old man, and while his mental faculties and memory were remarkably clear, especially concerning the Prophet and early scenes of Church history, he seemed nervous and reluctant concerning his reason for leaving the Church. He was now

a spiritualist and had the haunted look peculiar to those of that profession. We

learned many things of interest from the old gentleman, but the most important of these, because of its significance, was the fact that the Prophet Joseph married one of his sisters; and as Josephites are numerous in Council Bluffs, they had little

to say in Benjamin Winchester's presence concerning Brigham Young being the originator of plural marriage.

"Knowing that he had preached 'Mormonism'for years, and had traveled thousands of miles to teach the world that an angel had given into the hands of

Joseph Smith the metallic record of the Book of Mormon, and had testified that it had been translated by the power of God; also that he had suffered persecution

had been driven with the Saints; had been a close associate of Joseph and Hyrum,

Oliver and Rigdon, I asked him, 'In view of your present attitude toward the 'EDITOR'S TABLE. 555

'Mormon'Church, how do you explain its origin?'He was thougntful for a few

moments and then he answered, 'I do not know unless the spirit of Moroni or some other leading person who had taken part in the history of America's past came and told Joseph about it. 'In other words, his apparent explanation was

that possibly Joseph was a medium. Benjamin Winchester had left the Church

and now professed to believe that its teachings were not the true Gospel to which he had been instrumental in converting so many souls. Yet his explanation was

significant for, though an apostate, he did not attribute the authorship to Joseph, nor Oliver, nor to Sidney Rigdon, nor Spaulding, nor did he even deny its truthfulness.

Elder G. N. Curtis, president of the Minnesota conference writes from Minneapolis, April 15, 1908: "One day last week I went to the public library to

secure some statistics. While there I was greatly pleased to find our valuable

magazine, the Improvement Era on the library shelves. The March number had

the cover torn off and many thumb prints and marks, and the general appearance showed that many people had read it. Although the April number had been there

but a short time, yet it shows that many readers have used it. Our own people

take the Era, so all the readers have been strangers or investigators. In this

way the Era is doing a great missionary work, for people will read the excellent articles contained therein and calmly consider each part, and a much better or greater impression might be made than if an elder should tell the same things.

I rejoice in the work the Era does, and I always anxiously look for its arrival.

"The Minnesota conference is in a very prosperous condition. The Lord has

greatly blessed the people of Minnesota. The finest people in the world live in

Minnesota, and Minneapolis is an ideal home. No other city offers greater opportunity to become wealthy and happy. During the past few winter months all the

professional men, business men, and nearly all the ministers, have been visited by the elders, and very few will be left with the excuse, 'I never heard of 'Mormonism. ''Many souls have been warned of the coming judgments and all we have

met have been called to repentance. There is no better way to show growth than

to compare figures, for 'they cannot lie.'We shall use the Book of Mormon

sales for comparison during the first three months of 1907 and 1908 in the Minnesota conference: During January, 1907, twentytwo elders sold twelve Books of

Mormon; during January, 1908, twentytwo elders sold seventysix Books of Mormon; during February, 1907, twentytwo elders sold seventeen Books of Mormon; during February, 1908, twentyfour elders sold one hundred eighty Books

of Mormon; during March, 1907, twenty elders sold twentythree Books of Mormon: during March, 1908, twentyfour elders sold two hundred four Books

of Mormon. "Every other branch of missionary work shows the same great increase, but lack of space forbids a detailed comparison. Our records show that when the

Book of Mormon sales increase all other branches of the work increase, which fact is an additional incentive to place the divine Book of Mormon in the hands of every honest person. God is surely blessing us, and we thank him for it."

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

All Seventies Subject to Mission Calls.—In a letter recently read before the First Council it was discovered that some Seventifts entertain the idea

that the members of our quorums at present engaged in Sunday school work were exempt from calls to do missionary labor in the world; and in some instances it appears that the presidents have refrained from considering their names for missions,

because of their connection with the Sunday schools. This should not be. Our

brethren at present connected with the Sunday schools are just as subject to calls to the mission fields as those not so connected; and it is the wish of the First

Council that the councils of the respective quorums should consider the names of these brethren as freely as they canvas the names of brethren not engaged in such work. Because for a time a Seventy's services were needed in the Sunday

school it does not follow that he is to be deprived of an opportunity to discharge the special functions of his calling in the priesthood in filling a mission to the nations of the earth. Work in the Sunday school by our Seventies is not to operate as a bar to their enjoyment of the rights and privileges of Seventies, including

the right and privilege to go upon missions when able, to pay the annual general fund, such quorum funds as may be determined upon as necessary to meet the quorum expenses, assist missionaries, purchase books for quorum libraries and the like. Indeed, the work in the Sunday schools interferes with the work and privileges of the Seventies who are engaged in it only to the extent of keeping them,

for the time being, from attendance upon the Seventies class exercises on Sunday morning between the hours of ten and twelve. All the time they are Seventies,

and subject to be called upon to do Seventies'work, except for the time on Sunday morning designated; and we hope to see Seventies now engaged in Sunday

school work relieved in the near future.

The Seventies and the Sunday Schools.—Apropos to what is said above

respecting the Seventies and Sunday school work, we desire to call attention to the fact that six months have passed since the inauguration of the new working conditions for our Seventies quorums. At the time of adjusting matters between

the Seventies quorums and the Sunday schools, some of our members were temporarily excused from the quorum classes until other men could be found to fill their places. Complaint occasionally reaches the First Council that after the lapse of

six months these brethren have not been released from their temporary service in the Sunday school work. The question arises, Has due diligence been exercised to

find brethren to take the places of the Seventies in Sunday school work? In some

SEVENTTS COUNCIL TABLE. 557

cases we are patisfied it has not; and we suggest to our local councils that they

take the matter up with the proper local officers in behalf of the members of their quorums, detained from participating in our Seventies'class work, and insist upon their release at the earliest possible day. Also we call attention to the fact

that after the adjustment of affairs between our quorums and the Sunday schools last October and November, we do not understand that our quorums thereafter are to be invaded and members thereof taken into Sunday school work. Our

members are in special training for the foreign ministry of the Church and should be let alone. Emphatically we do say that it is not the prerogative of the auxiliary

organizations to interfere with the quorums of the priesthood, and they should be respectfully asked by our local councils to let our quorums of Seventies alone; they

are not properly subject to interference from auxiliary organizations. And when

some absolutely necessary conditions arise that call for the services of our Seventies outside their quorum labor and appointments, and in conflict with them, common courtesy, to say nothing of the principles of Church government involved, requires that the men who preside over the Seventies should be consulted by the local authorities dealing with said conditions; consultation with the local councils when

the members of the quorum are involved in the contemplated changes, and with the First Council if the changes affect the presidents of quorums.

Jesus and the Melchizedek Priesthood.—"How, when and by whom did

the Savior receive the Melchizedek Priesthood?"This question has been asked a very

great many times of late. Six letters from various quarters are now before us,

which in various forms ask the above question. In answer we are under the

necessity of saying, frankly, we do not know; and the reason for that absence of

knowledge ought to appear on very slight reflection. That authority of God which

we call "Melchizedek Priesthood"was anciently called by the Church "The Holy

Priesthood After the Order of the Son of God; but out of respect or reverence to

the name of the Supreme Being, to avoid a too frequent repetition of his name, they, the Church in ancient days, called that priesthood after Melchizedek, or the Melchizedek Priesthood."(Doc. and Gov., sec. 107), This passage clearly

existed Priesthood Melchizedek theestablishes the fact that beforeviz—the great"The HighHoly name, it existed under another that but Melchizedek,Priest

Priesthood after the order of the Son of God."That is to say, it was the same

kind of priesthood, the same order of priesthood, that the Son of God held. But

this was before the days of Melchizedek, before Abraham, and hence hundreds of years before the birth of the Christ into the world. Jesus therefore held a priesthood in his preexistent state, and the priesthood like unto it held by men afterwards in this world, in very early days,was called "The Holy Priesthood after the

order of the Son of God;"and subsequently the Melchizedek Priesthood, for the

reason already given. Jesus, then, held what we call now the Melchizedek Priesthood before he appeared in this world, and doubtless before the world itself was

formed, and it was called by his name, the Holy Priesthood After the Order of the

Son of God, but "how, where and by whom"he received it, no man knoweth, except perhaps as to the last, viz., ''by whom."He must, of course, have received

it of God. 558 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Of Joseph Smith Seeing God.—Nearly always connected with the question considered in the preceding paragraph is the further question: "How could

Joseph Smith see God before he was ordained to the Melchizedek Priesthood, since the revelations of God say that without possessing this high priesthood "no man can see the face of God and live?"(Doc. and Gov., sec. 84: 22). After

reading the preceding paragraph respecting Jesus and the Melchizedek Priesthood the answer to this present question is obvious; viz., that as Jesus held the

Holy Priesthood—afterwards called by his name—in his preexistent estate, so,

too, others who have figured prominently in the development of the purposes of

God in this world may have held the Holy Priesthood after the order of the Son of God, or the Melchizedek Priesthood, in their preexistent estate; and that fact

may account for some things that otherwise would appear incongruous, the question here considered among others. "Every man, "says the Prophet Joseph,

"who has a calling to minister to the inhabitants of the world was ordained to that very purpose in the grand council of heaven before this world was. I suppose that

I was ordained to this very office [alluding to his being President of the Church,

Prophet, Seer and Revelator of the Church] in that grand council."(The

Prophet's remarks on Priesthood, Millennial Star, vol. 23: p. 472). Accepting

this as true, all mystery of seeing God without the Melchizedek Priesthood disappears.

In this same connection the question is also asked: ''Did Joseph Smith see

God and his Son Jesus Christ in his mortal body, with his mortal eyes?"In answer to this we would simply say that the brethren have all the data before them

that we have, and each for himself must draw his own conclusion as to what state the Prophet was in when he beheld the Lord. His account of the circumstance is

says—as follows:"I sawAftera pillarhis ofaccountlight exactlyof beingoverdeliveredmy head,fromabovethe powersthe brightnessof darkness,of thehe

sun, which descended gradually until it fell upon me. It no sooner appeared than

I found mvself delivered from the enemy which held me bound. When the light

rested upon me I saw two personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them spake unto me, calling me by

name, and pointing to the other said This is my beloved Son, hear him!'"Now,

whether the Father and the Son left their abode and came to the earth and stood before the Prophet and said these words, and he saw them just as he would have seen a man who walked into his presence, or whether his natural vision was quickened and extended to the personal presence of the Father and the Son, this writer does not know. As before remarked, all the data is before each reader, let him

judge for himself. The splendid fact is, and that is and should be our main concern, the Prophet did see the Lord. The "how"of it—whether the Lord came

within the range of the Prophet's natural vision, or that the Prophet's vision was extended to the presence of the Laid—is of small moment. God revealed himself

and his Son Jesus, the Christ, to Joseph Smith and made him a witness for the great truth of the existence of God; of his being, and the kind of being he is, and

his relationship to the children of men. Let us rejoice in this great truth, without being over anxious as to the "how"of it.

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 559

The New Testament.—By the time the May number of the Era is in the

hands of the Seventies the quorum classes will have started upon their study of the "Christian Scriptures—the New Testament."Recently, when visiting a (jilorum, and the first lesson in part three of the Year Book was assigned to the quorum class—the first lesson on the New Testament—one of the presidents gave a

great sigh of relief and expressed his pleasure at being through with the Old

Testament. "Now,"said he; "we shall have something we know more about,

and something that more nearly concerns us."The writer was surprised at the

comment; for he has always found the Old Testament quite as interesting as the

New, and in some respects more so. As literature, the Old Testament certainly

outranks the New, and the wonderful spirit of prophecy which permeates it, as also the nature of the predictions themselves—many of which deal with events

yet future and interlock with our own times and the dipensation with which we and our posterity are and will be connected—make the Old Hebrew Scriptures intensely interesting. However, as it is natural for men to be most interested

in those things of which they have some knowledge, and about which they can still learn more, and as with Christians generally it is supposed that the New

Testament is of mor importance to them than the Old Hebrew Scriptures, and for that reason is given preeminence, there may be many who will share the sense of relief expressed by the president here referred to, now that we have entered upon our hasty survey of the New Testament. It is to be hoped that

due importance will be attached to the study of this collection of books. They

contain the record of the events of the dispensation of the Meridian of Times in the eastern hemisphere; the record of the atonement made by Jesus Christ,

the Son of God for a world's sins. They set forth the revelation of God to

the world in the person and character of Jesus the Christ. It is quite possible that Latterday Saints have never fully appreciated the importance either of

the dispensation of the Meridian of Time or its record. Absorbed with the contemplation of the greatness of the dispensation of the Fulness of Times, they

may have failed to do justice to the dispensation that preceded the one with which we are associated. If so, now is a good time for the seventy elders of the

Church to correct that error by learning and then teaching the importance of the

Meridian dispensation as it may be learned from the New Testament. That dispensation of the gospel which witnessed the actual atonement of the Redeemer;

that brings forth and gives to the world the supreme revelation of God in the person and character of Jesus, the Christ, the very Son of God; so that henceforth

the world need be in no doubt as to the "being"of God, and the kind of "being"he is -for Jesus was not only the brightness of the Father's glory but also the express image of his person and character; for he was God manifested in the flesh:

(Heb. i: 3; I Tim. 3: 16, and marginal reading of "manifest"in Oxford Bibles)

the dispensation of the gospel we say, that gives this knowledge to the world so that henceforth none need say, "know ye the Lord, "for all may know him through the Christ, is a very great and a very important dispensation. We commend the

study of it to the witnesses for the Lord Jesus Christ—the Seventies.

MUTUAL WORK.

ANNUAL Y. M. AND Y. L. M. I. A. CONFERENCE.

The Thirteenth General Annual Conference of the Young Men's and Young '

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will be held in Salt Lake City, on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, June 12, 13, and 14, 1908.

All officers and members of the associations are requested to be present at all of the meetings of the conference, and a cordial invitation is hereby extended to the Saints generally to attend the meetings to be held in the Tabernacle on

Sunday, June 14, at two and seven o'clock p. m.

Alpha J. Higgs, Joseph F. Smith,

Secretary Y. M. M. I. A. General Supt. Y. M. M. I, A.

Ann M. Cannon, Martha H. Tingey,

Secretary Y. L. M. I. A. President Y. L. M. I. A.

DETAILS OF THE ANNUAL M. I. A. CONFERENCE

MEETINGS.

On Friday, June 12, in the Assembly hall at 2 o'clock p. m. an informal reception will be held. On Friday evening, commencing at 8 o'clock, a complementary entertainment to the visiting delegates will by given by the General Boards,

in the Odeon, at No. 26 E. No. Temple St.

The Young Men's Officers meetings will be held in the Assembly hall, on

Saturday at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. The Young Ladies'will meet in Barratt Hall

on Saturday at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m.

The conjoint. general officers'meeting will be held Sunday in the Assembly

hall at 10 a. m., and general public meetings in the Tabernacle at 2 and 7 o'clock

p. m., that day.

All officers and members of the associations are requested to be present at all of the meetings.

Foljowing are the conference committees:

On Program—H. J. Grant, H. S. Tanner, Junius F. Wells, E. Stephens, Mae

T. Nystrom, A. C. Tuddenham, Emily C. Adams, Emma Goddard.

MUTUAL WORK. 561

On Social—Ruth M. Fox, A. W. Eardley, Elen Wallace, M. B.Talmage, Benj.

Goddard, Thomas Hull, L. R. Martineau, D. M. Tood.

On Transportation—Alpha J. Higgs, Ann M. Cannon.

On Music—Evan Stephens, H. S. Ensign, A. C. TuddenhamJ Mattie Read

Evans.

On Entertainment—B. F. Grant, Rodney C. Badger, Louis A. Kelch, Lewis

T. Cannon, Joan Campbell, Augusta W. Grant, Agnes Campbell.

Superintendents of stakes and ward presidents are requested to advertise the conference and do active work to make the gathering a success. Usual conference

rates will prevail.

SUMMER WORK.

A number of inquiries have come to this office asking the General Board for suggestions concerning Summer's Work programs. Replying to these, stake superintendents will take note that the General Board will prepare no outlines for

Summer's Work this season. They request, however, that stake superintendents,

who contemplate holding summer sessions in their stakes, prepare outlines themselves and send copies of same at once to the various ward presidents under their jurisdiction, or else arrange for the ward presidents to outline their own work. A

copy of all stake outlines should be sent to this office also.

SUMMER PROGRAMS.

The following program for summer conjoint meetings comes from Box Elder county: 1. Singing by the choir. 2. Prayer. 3. The four following to alternate: congregational singing, solo, duet or quartet. 4. Speech, not to exceed

twenty minutes. Subject, "Principles of the Gospel. "Text Book, Articles of

"City,Faith, by Talmage. 5. Music—vocal selection. 6. Speech. Subject,

County, State or National Government,"to alternate with customs and habits of nations, or temperance talks. 7. Instrumental music or reading. Closing exercises. Meeting not to exceed one hour and fifteen minutes. One hour preferred.

Meetings held twice a month—first and third Sunday evening in South end of the

stake, and first and fourth, in North end.

THE ERA IN KNIGHTVILLE.

Melvin Wilson, ofPayson, writes under date of March 16: "In the past Eras

have appeared accounts of the work done by various M. I. A ward officers in

securing subscribers. I desire to give you an account of the work done by the

officers in one of the wards in our stake. In the Tintic mining district just east

of Eureka is Knightville, a small ward of Saints. Here, among the hardy miners

of the camp, we have one of our most progressive associations. Nearly all who

live in Knightville are members ot the Church, and their work extends much farther than their own community. They have in the ward just twentyfive fami562 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

lies composed of one hundred fiftyseven souls, yet the work done by this little body in our Mutual Improvement Association is of the highest order. They have

one hundred subscribers for the Era at present, thirtythree of whom are nonmembers of the Church. Counting the families in the ward, there are 400 per

A. E. Watkins Perry Fuller E. F. Birch

cent of them taking the Era. Counting the souls all told, there are 65 per

cent of them who subscribe for it; of course, many are taken by miners who do

not live in the ward. I mail a portrait of the presidency: Perry Fuller, president;

E. F. Birch, first counselor; A. E. Watkins, second counselor.

BASKET BALL.

The twentieth Ward Basket Ball Team has played since its organization eleven games, winning ten and losing only one, the first game played to the 18th Ward.

On Wednesday night, April 15, before 300 spectators in the 20th Ward annex, the 20th Ward defeated the 18th Ward team by the narrow margin of 28 to 23. This

was a most exciting and close game. It practically decides the championship of

the Ensign Stake Basket Ball League for 1908. The lineup of teams was:

20th Ward 18th Ward Grant Romney Left Forward B. Robbin

Heber Romney Right Forward L. Taylor

M. Alonzo Romney Centre Frank James

Lennox Sloan Left Guard H. Wnolley

P. H. Service Right Gnard * Les. Paul

MUTUAL WORK. 563

The 20th Ward "Sscond"Basket Ball team, has not suffered a defeat this season, winaing all games by a large margin. Wm. Service.

FROM ENGLAND.

Elder James H. Piatt, Oldham, England, writes: "I desire to relate an

instance in connection with my mission work, which testifies to me that this is the gospel of Christ, and that God has prophets upon the earth. Just before leaving

home, I went to Patriarch John Smith for a blessing. He told me that I would

come out into the world and fill an honorable mission and present the gospel to kindred and friends. When I arrived at Liverpool, I expressed a desire to go to

the Birmingham conference, but President Grant assigned me to labor in the

Manchester conference, and I have thanked the Lord many times for it. What

Patriarch Smith said to me has been fulfiled to the very letter. Shortly after

coming to the Manchester conference, I was assigned to labor in the Oldham branch, where I have found a number of my father's relatives, and they have treated me very well, and one of them has applied for baptism. A number more

are interested in the work, and have given us the privilege of holding cottage meetings at their homes at any time we wish. This is a testimony to me that

there are prophets on the earth now, and that this gospel which I have been called out to preach unto the world is the true gospel of Jesus Christ. I can

truthfully say that I never spent a happier time in my life than since I came into the mission field. I wish that every young man, and woman for that matter,

could have a missionary experience. Nothing can compare with the joy that

comes from knowing that you are in God's service and doing his bidding. It

opens the eyes of the young who have been reared in Zion. I did not know the

value of this gospel until I got out into the world and compared it with the religions instituted by men. The Latter day Saints are blessed above all other

people in comprehending the truth of the gospel, and ought to earnestly prepare themselves to teach it to those who are still in darkness. The place for young

people to prepare themselves for this work is in the quorums of the priesthood, the Mutuals and Sunday Schools. The work is in a very prosperous condition in

the Oldham branch of the Manchester conference. Our Sunday School and Mutual

are fully organized and we are studying the Manual, "Spiritual Growth,"and it is greatly enjoyed by all who attend our meetings. Our cottage meetings as well

as others are well attended. We lack, however, a suitable place to meet, but

the Saints, although few in number, are hard workers, and have started a building fund, so as to build a meeting house of their own. If any one in Zion feels like

helping them in this work, contributions may be sent to Mrs. Sophia Mortiner,

Elder William Glenn, joins me in wishing the Era every succes-s, and in asking

God to bless his people wherever they may be."

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Battleship "Idaho."—The Idaho, the greatest, as well as the newest battleship of the United States navy, was placed in commission on March 27. It was

built at Cramp's shipyard, Philadelphia. Utah alone stands without a name on

the seas, and we are promised by the government that the next addition to the navy shall be named Utah.

The Aldrich Bill.—This currency measure passed the Senate March 27, by a

vote of 42 to 16. It provides for the issue of emergency currency to an amount not

to exceed half a billion dollars. Banks to which this currency is issued are to deposit

as security for it, state, county and municipal bonds, approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, and are to pay for this emergency circulation at the rate of one half of one per cent per month, during the first four months, threefourths of one per cent per month thereafter as long as it is kept in circulation. It is said that in

the House the bill will be vigorously opposed.

Sentence of Lieutenant General Stoessel.—He, it will be remembered,

commanded the Russian forces at Port Arthur, and"was tried recently by court martial for incapacity and cowardice in surrendering to the Japanese before all possibilities of defense were exhausted. The court sentenced him to death, but

recommended the commutation of the sentence, and the Czar who approved both the sentence and the recommendation changed the sentence to ten years imprisonment. General Stoessel is confined to a dark and damp prison, where his wife

visits him daily, giving him some delicacy. His private fortune enables him to

have the best of food, but it is difficult to understand how a man like Stoessel deserves such harsh punishment from a government so very bad as that which prevails in Russia.

Socialists and Bombs.—After permission had been denied by the police

authorities, the Socialist Conference of the Unemployed attempted to hold a public meeting in Union Square, New York, March 28. While the police were clearing

the square a bomb exploded in the hands of a man named Silverstein, a member of the Anarchist Federation of America, and seriously injured him and killed a byEVENTS AND COMMENTS. 565

stander. The bomb was intended to be used against a platoon of fifty policemen.

Strong expressions of regret over the whole incident are found in the Socialist and

Labor press. The New York press is thoroughly awake to the danger lurking in

the wide advocacy of anarchistic doctrine promulgated by the New York group of "reds."Emma Goldman, the Chicago anarchist, visited Salt Lake in the early

part of April and spoke at three meetings, without incident.

Temperance.—At the opening meeting of the late annual conference, President Joseph F. Smith sounded the keynote touching the liquor question, by stating

hat the presiding authorities of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 'are in harmony with the efforts towards temperance."He did not think the

people were in favor of adopting radical means to gain this end, but that they would decide this question by reasonable and conservative measures. Local option

will perhaps be the best means to begin with, and as the people learn the moral, the peace and financial value that will accrue to them by abolishing the saloons, they will soon unitedly be willing to take more radical measures, and banish liquor from their midst altogether. The Latterday Saints have been taught for years, in the

revelation on the Word of Wisdom, to be temperate, and it should be no difficult task to convince all the people that they are better in every way without liquor. It

ought not to be a political question, in the sense that any one political party should make it an issue. Every party should elect men who are in favor of the strictest

possible regulation of the liquor traffic, where the sentiment of the people is not yet ripe for more stringent measures, such as local option, or the complete abolition of the saloon,or even prohibition. About the same time that President Smith

was expressing himself upon the subject of temperance, the following words were uttered by Governor Hanly in a speech which he made at the Republican state convention of Indiana. This is about the strongest language against the liquor

traffic that has been seen in print since the famous arraignment made by Col.

Robert Ingersoll to a jury who were trying a case, many years ago. Every young

man should preserve it and read it over, now and then. It is a good reading for

M. I. A. preliminary programs

Personally I have seen so much of the evils of the traffic in the last four years, so much of its economic waste, so much of its physical ruin, so much of its mental blight, so much of its tears and heartache, that I have come to regard the business as one that must be held and controlled by strong and effective laws. I

bear no malice toward those engaged in the business, but I hate the traffic. I hate

its every phase. I hate it for its intolerance. I hate it for its arrogance. I

hate it for its hypocrisy. I hate it for its cant and craft and false pretenses. I

hate it for its commercialism. I hate it for its greed and avarice. I hate it for

its sordid love of gain at any price. I hate it for its domination in politics. I

hate it for its corrupting influence in civic affairs. I hate it for its incessant effort

to debauch the suffrage of the country; for the cowards it makes of public men.

I hate it for its utter disregard of law. I hate it for its ruthless

trampling of the solemn compacts of state constitutions. I hate it for

the load it straps to labor's back; for the palsied hands it gives to toil; for its

wounds to genius; for the tragedies of its mighthave-beens. I hate it for the

human wrecks it has caused. I hate it for the almhouses it peoples; for the pnsons it fills; for the insanity it begets; for its countless graves in potter's fields. I

566 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hate it for the mental ruin it imposes upon its victims; for its spiritual blight; for

its moral degeneration. I hate it for the crimes it has committed. I hate it for

the homes it has destroyed. I hate it for the hearts it has broken. I hate it

for the malice it has planted in the hearts of men—for its poison, for its bitterness—for the dead sea fruit with which it starves their souls.

I hate it for the grief it causes womanhood, the scalding tears, the hopes deferred, the strangled aspirations, its burden of want and care.

I hate it for its heartless cruelty to the aged, the infirm and the helpless, for the shadow it throws upon the lives of children, for its monstrous injustice to blameless little ones.

I hate it as virtue hates vice, as truth hates error, as righteousness hates sin, as justice hates wrong, as liberty hates tyranny, as freedom hates oppression.

I hate it as Abraham Lincoln hated slavery. And as he sometimes saw in

prophetic vision the end of slavery and the coming of the time when the sun should shine and the rain should fall upon no slave in all the republic, so I sometimes seem to see the end of this unholy traffic, the coming of the time when, if it does not wholly cease to be, it shall find no safe habitation anywhere beneath "Old Glory's"stainless stars.

UtahIdaho Sugar Co.—On April 10 this company held its annual stockholders'meeting, electing the following directors: Joseph F. Smith, Thomas R.

Cutler, John R. Winder, W. S. McCornick, John C. Cutler, Heber J. Grant, John

Henry Smith, George Romney, and Charles W. Nibley.

Out of the 1,110,000 shares 797,000 were represented. The total outlay

for 1907 was over four million dollars, out of which $2,187,395.99 had been paid

for 422,532 tons of beets, at an aggregate cost of $5.17 a ton. The total product of sugar for the year at the six factories of the company exceeded 108,300,-

500 pounds in the sack, which is 5,000,000 pounds more than was produced in 1906. A dividend of 7 per cent on the preferred stock was set aside. Sugar

prices will go up this year, owing to the estimated shortage in the Cuban crops of over 400,000 tons.

Z. C. M. I.—At noon on April 4, the 39th annual meeting of stockholders

was held. From the president's report it appears that the sales for 1907 were

$5,681,000, which is nearly $500,000 more than for the previous year. In the

manufacturing departments there was great activity. Over 100,000 pairs of

shoes, or 300 pairs per day, were made, and in the clothing factory 17,000 dozen garments were manufactured. A dividend of 12 per cent was declared, and enough set aside from the profits to insure a like dividend for 1909.

Besides this, provisions were made for taxes, insurance, teams and improvements.

The old officers and directors were elected as follows: Joseph F. Smith, president

George Romney, vicepresident; Thomas G. Webber, secretary; A. W. Carlson,

treasurer. Directors: Heber J. Grant, John R. Winder, John R. Barnes, John

Henry Smith, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, William H. Mclntyre,'Reed

Smoot, T. G. Webber, L. S. Hills, A. W. Carlson.

Sunday School Union.—By count, there were 5, 756 persons in attendance,

and 53 stakes and 5 missions represented, at the conference of the Deseret Sunday

School Union, held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, on the evening of Sunday, April

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 567

5. President Joseph F. Smith presided, and a pleasant program was presented.

The statistical report showed steady growth. There are 1, 105 schools in the

Church, an increase of 42. The total number of children between 4 and 20 in the

organized stakes is 119,156 out of which number 103,111 are enrolled. The officers and teachers number 17,883, an increase of 327, and the total enrollment

of officers and pupils is 153,525, an increase of 11,242. There are 2,853 children of Latterday Saints over eight years of age unbaptized. The enrollment in

the parent's classes is 13,663, an increase of 8,541. The new movement among

Seventies released 1,336 from Sunday school work, while 638 Seventies are still retained. The percentage of attendance in the organized stakes was 59; in the missions, 70; average 61, a gain of one per cent. President Smith urged the attendance of Sunday school officers and teachers at the priesthood and sacrament

meetings.

Our Ambassador to Berlin.—After the resignation of our ambassador to

Berlin, Mr. Tower, the President appointed Dr. Hill, formerly president of the

Rochester University. The appointment of Dr. Hill was a recognition of his eminent ability as an author on international questions, and was in pursuance of the

newly inaugurated policy of advancing men in the diplomatic service of our country wherever they have shown themselves qualified to serve as ministers in the more advanced and prominent countries of the world. The appointment of Dr. Hill meant

his change from the Hague to Berlin. Mr. Tower had for some time made known his

intention to quit his post at Berlin, and the informal statement that Mr. Hill

would probably be appointed to take his place was received with satisfaction by the German Emperor. As soon, however, as the appointment was announced,

word came from the German capital that Dr. Hill would be persona non grata to

the German court. This announcement came presumably through the ambassador's

office at Berlin, and the announcement created throughout the country a decidedly unfavorable sentiment toward the German Emperor. The Department

of State might have withheld the information, and, if possible, adjusted the difficulty without giving to it any publicity. But the Department of State in this

country, as well as in others, appreciated the value of public opinion in reaching its purpose with foreign countries. As soon as the temper of the

American people became manifest, the German Emperor was gracious enough to say that Mr. Hill would be welcome in Berlin, and that every possible objection that might have been raised would be removed. Naturally people began to wonder just why the Kaiser should raise any question as

to Dr. Hill's fitness to represent the American people at his court. In the political world, men are quick to attach motives to every act; in fact, in all matters of

diplomacy the art of figuring out motives is one of the highest diplomatic arts;

and the reasons for objections to Dr. Hill's appointment were at once advanced;

namely, that the German Emperor has a mania for rivaling Great Britain in nearly all questions of international importance. He is anxious to see promoted in his

capital those grand social functions which Mr. Whitelaw Reid has been able to

carry on at the Dorchester House, in London. Indeed, in Mr. Tower the Em568 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

peror has found a rival to Mr. Reid, as these two foreign ministers are entertaining in the most magnificent manner.

Dr. Hill, however, is a man of limited income which would not support the

grand receptions which Mr. Tower and his wife have given to the diplomatic circle

in Berlin. Mrs. Tower has been so elaborate in her functions and state recep"

tions that she has elicited from the German Emperor a sobriquet "the Moltke of the German social season."Indeed, he has been very partial to the Towers, and

only recently sent word in a jocular manner to President Roosevelt that he was angry with him for accepting Mr. Tower's resignation. This aristocratic display

is not likely to find much welcome among the masses of the American people who still have some lingering pride in simple democracy. They have not forgotten the

distinction with which George Bancroft and Mr. Bayard served the American people while they were ministers at the German court, and at the same time men of

moderate income.

It is quite likely that Dr. Hill will go to Berlin and satisfy the demands of

the American people that wealth shall not constitute a standard by which our foreign diplomacy is to be governed. However, Dr. Hill may wish to be relieved

from hishigh office just as soon as the psychological moment arrives—the moment

when he can leave his post in Berlin without creating any friction between the two countries, or any embarrassment for the President of the United States.

The French government at one time undertook to keep its ambassador to

Berlin, Gontaut de Biron, in spite of the well known dislike that Bismarck had for him. The experiment, however, did not succeed, and the French government

after considerable embarrassment and numerous diplomatic differences was virtually compelled to withdraw him. No doubt, the Emperor will do all he can to re*

spect the feelings of the American people in their wish to have Dr. Hill honored

for his mental attainments, notwithstanding his modest income. This tendency

toward the recognition of wealth is going on rapidly, and the fact that now and then a setback is given tc it does not in any way demonstrate that it is not growing rapidly. The social functions constitute more and more one of the chief pastimes, if not duties, of our foreign ministers. Europeans are frequently woat to

say, "The Americans have the wealth to keep pace with the brilliant receptions given at the courts of the various European nations, why should they not do so?"

To do so, means the appointment exclusively of men of wealth. Joseph M.

Tanner.

The Northern States Mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints has just issued a collection of 241 uplifting and inspiring songs from all the song and music books of the Church heretofore published, including some copyright songs suggested by the mission presidents of the United States. The songs

are printed in handy pocket form under the title. The Songs of Zion, and were arranged by President German E. Ellsworth for the home, all meetings, Sunday

schools and gatherings of elders and Saints in the mission fields. The handsome

little volume is] sent by mail to any one for 35 cents per copy, or $30 per hundred.

< l 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II 11 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1'

THE MOST ATTRACTIVE

RESORT IN UTAH mandamere:: FRESH '':: WATER "''i i

BATHING M

FINE

ATHLETIC FIELD 1 1 '

% ill

'Nothing but Clean, Novel, and Exhilarating entertainment toler- i i ated. The place for old and young. Book your outings now.

ED. McLELLAND, Manager,

30 Main Street:

I I- +++ I I I I I I I I 1 I I I II 1 I I I I I I I -H- I M

"BROWNING'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun Tate

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of ah amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We hare "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

- Ogdcn, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO,,

1 1 II I III II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11

M. L A. MANUALS

Are both interesting and instructive and can be used to advantage by the;

various ELDERS', PRIESTS', TEACHERS'and DEACONS'QUORUMS of the

Church. In fact, they have been adopted as a course of study, and are already;

being successfully used, in the quorums of some of the Staks of Zion. Those

manuals published prior to 1906, will be sold at the reduced price of 15 cents.

per copy. Mail orders will receive prompt attention and should be sent direct!

to the ERA, 214 Templeton, Salt Lake City.

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i I I I + +++ rWhen writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

I. Z.C. M. Shoes and Overalls

FOR BIQ and LITTLE MEN Are Money Savers

Our Shoes are made of good substantial material, no composition inner soles, we guarantee them. All we ask is "Give Z.

C. M. I. Shoes and Overalls a

fair trial,"then we are ""satisfied you will recommend them to 3our friends.

MOUNAINEER OVERALLS NEVER RP.

Clayton Daynes Music Co.

Successors to Clayton Music Co. and Daynes Music CO.

Oldest, Largest and Best Music House in the West PIANOS, ORGANS, TALKING MACHINES EVERYTHING MUSICALCol. N. W. Clayton, Prest. 109111-113 Main St.

Royal W. Daynes, Mgr. Salt Lake City.

When writing to Advertisers, please mention the E.->a.)