AUGUST, 1941 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED S A L T t A K E C I T Y.UTAH

TO UTAH FARMERS

As recently as 1929, dates were reWilliam (Bill) Cook, who has garded as a "curiosity"crop in the grown up with the Coachella Valley hot, fertile Coachella Valley of Caldate industry. The other photo

ifornia. By 1940 Coachella Valley shows Mr. Cook's adobe home

date growers harvested eleven milwhich he built himself.

lion pounds, their biggest crop. Bill Cook's place is between

About 95% of all Americangrown Palm Springs and Indio. Many of

dates are produced here. The late his trees are just coming into bearKing Feisal of Iraq (Persia), Old ing (date trees bear at 7 years—

World date center, wrote: "We mature at 12 years). Since 1937

who have been growing dates for Mr. Cook has been president of

centuries have never seen such fine the United Date Growers Associserving ation, cooperative dates a in country."our own date proof all U.S. 95% about WITH growers. Valley Coachella in the host desert was Mr. 85% of My valley, duction in the our here

growers early turned to cooperative marketing,"Bill Cook told me.

"The coop from which our present

Association developed was formed in 1920. For many years my father of a served as president. The depression History came along when our production was

almost doubling every year, and for a time date prices fell off badly. A Crop "Curiosity"merchandising program was set up in

1932 and by 1936 the market for dates had strengthened.

"Our present association, the United

Date Growers, has been able to reduce packaging costs while providing uniform grades and a dependable supply.

Cooperation given us by Safeway and other food chains has been a big factor in decreasing distribution costs and improving returns to growers.

"What we date growers need, of course, is increasing consumption of

?#... production. Safeway stores do a fine mm dates to keep up with our growing

selling job on dates and move large quantities—they help make our iniliPlliP dustry possible."—Told To The

Safeway farm Reporter

Here you see dates being packed for the United Date for Association, Growers of which Calavo Growers iSipt. '- "'''&'& *''

California acts as selling agency. "The freshpicked

dates are fumigated, cleaned and graded,"Bill Cook

It takes a great deal of skill and hard work to grow dates. told me. "Some are dried on trays and others, too

Bill Cook told me about it. "In the spring, each bunch of dry, are steamed. Packed dates go into cold storage

it's growers to keep dates important know we finest eating quality"preserve their toblossoms must be pollinated by hand to control quality.—cool

The date bunches are also reduced in size, and only 12 to 15 bunches are left on each tree. In August, wax paper is

tied around each bunch of dates for protection against rain or birds. Harvesting starts in September. Often there

are seven pickings as only ripe dates can be picked each time around. Date palms grow up to 40 feet high, so both

pollinating and harvesting are ladder operations. Irrigation is especially important in growing dates. We use well

water here in the valley and during hot weather we often find it necessary to irrigate every week"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. 3ES9**'

"\17eather reports by telephone can v "be obtained in New York City.

The latest weather prediction including the temperature, predicted winds, on,p Qve/u -T Grid rainand or snow conditions based on ctiondirect teletype li. reports S. Si9htsSeein the from sons or a Bureau be heard canWeather from

"cevoice recorded tape. in ion is on magnetic The FREE b Qir-r

patternmagnetic in steel the cortape responding to the voice can be "picked PLANNING up"many thousand times before being SERVICE!

erased. Your local Union

Pacific agent bus-f s t Of J.

will gladly helpHPhere to plan you a trip A musicalis abilityno inbornin boysdifferenceand girls,in of part any Ameraccording to Dr. G. M. Gilbert Girls ica. Inquire today!

appear to be more musical than boys, because the girls are given the training.

Chyness and unfriendliness in dogs is *-* an hereditary trait, and it is due to fear, according to tests by Dr. F. C.

Thorne. -f/Concrete attacked by frost before it union pacific stages *** has set will still harden but it loses up to half of its strength.

"T '"Phousands of passenger and com- * mercial vehicles in England have been fitted with molded one piece rubber fenders.

Cmoking by a pregnant woman pro- *** duces an increase in the pulse rate of the unborn child; and four ounces

of breast milk from mothers who smoke six to eight cigarettes per day has been found to contain enough nicotine to kill a frog.

+,! HPhe lowest death rate among persons over fortyfive to fifty years

of age occurs with those who are ten to twenty pounds under average weight, according to life insurance figures. This

does not mean that weight loss is necessary but merely that the tendency toexcess weight increases with age and delicious...,

isthat desirable the weight which at extra nourishing thirty maintained. shouldthe of be age

The slowmoving turtles have tough When the little news boy hearts. that It has found been

- Off the beat the and willheart beating keep of a turtle on Irish -ilk turtle killed after thefor hours has been Comes lagging home for itself the P"rB '//A the organ fromand removed body. Such hearts have been immersed PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah A bite to eat,

in liquid air at 1 92 degrees below freezing centigrade for three, five, seven, Gentlemen: Please send free copy of You should see him reach

respectively. Ice Box Dessert recipes. ten minutesand When In hungry glee salt physiologicalthen in a cold placed

solution and allowed to thaw out Name For HONEY BEE GRAHAMS gradually, the hearts resumed their beats within a few minutes. The longer the Address By PURITY!

freezing the sooner the hearts became tired and slowed down.

(Concluded on page 452) MmprooementEra Whether(Do IJdil.there is anJOwivinborn differ-

"The Glory of God is Intelligence'ence in musical ability in boys and girls? 449

Grant, J. Heber 1941AUGUST. dictionary a general Where of Widtsoe, John A. 8 the Indian languages VOLUME of America 44 NUMBER Editors is being compiled? 457

VTHE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Richard L. Evans,Managing Editor What example President Grant has

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Marba C. Josephson, set in doing temple work? 459

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTAssociate Editor

Morris, George General MUSIC Q. COMMITTEE, Mgr. OF EDUCATION, MENT WARD

Cannon, G. Lucy Associate TEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER AND OF THE CHURCH

Orton, Mgr. In inwhatthewaypresent"men'sworldheartscrisis?fail them"460 Business K. SAINTS. LATTERDAY OF Mgr. OF JESUS J. CHRIST

When Ferdowsi lived, and for what

JoblsL 0$, Qontsmfou Byhewhatis thisstandardsyear beingwe celebrated?-461may consider

Joseph Smith to be in the tradiJJvl dU&v5u (paqsL tion of the great prophets? 462

On Going to the Temple Heber J, Grant 459 WhatHollywooda foremostsays makeupabout theartistWordin

QhutepL 3>swdutoA. of Wisdom as a beauty builder? 464

What a young college graduate acThe World Crisis and Mormon Thought... G, Homer Durham 460 complished despite complete musJoseph Smith Among the Prophets Heber C, Snell 462 cular paralysis? 467

Undaunted city is known as the "citadel What Evidences and Reconciliations—XL. IsArchibaldThere aF.PersonalBennett 467 of lofty ideals"? 470

Devil? John A, Widtsoe 481

From Generation to Generation, Church Moves On 477 How missionary work in the British

Andrew Jenson 457 NoLiquor-Tobacco....464, 191, 494 Isles fares? 471

Northern States Missionary Priesthood: Melchizedek 490

Chorus, Clive Bradford and Aaronic....493 Where a ward clerk kept the record

Wendell D. Hart 471 Ward Teaching 495 of ward families through three

Letters from the Church in EngMutual Messages 496 generations? 477

land.47 Field Photos.. 496, 497

News from the Camps 474 Genealogy, Missionary Work in To what extent an individual "lives

Royalty Visits M. I. A. Conferthe Arizona Temple, Lewis his own life"? 480

ence in Denmark 474 Wells 467, 498

Music 503 Whether there is a personal devil?. 481

SpsuriaL J'&ahih&A, How to go about the various methods of home canning? 484

The Millennium of Ferdowsi.... Franklin S. Harris 461

I. an enterprising A. What stake M. Alice Beauty Builder Pardoe West 464 group did to advertise the NoBlake Christensen Evidence 466 for God as a Scientist Sees It.W..491 LiquorTobacco campaign?.

Citadel of Lofty Ideals Marie Widmer 470 selected for been hymns have Exploring the Universe, Frank473 What Farnsworth study Churchwide for August and lin S. Harris, 449 Jr Our Good Friend Tuba, George

September? 497 Telefacts 452 473 Gardner

An Apology for the Coincidence On the Book Rack.......476

of Sevens, Rulon S. Wells....453 Homing: Some Views on Home

A Garden in the Desert, I. Canning, Ethel Hudson 484 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Thomasson Naumann 454 Handy Hints 486 OFFICES:

Compilation of the Indian LanHere's How 487 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

guages of America, Charles Cooks'Corner, Barbara B. Copyright 1941, by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorMutual Men's ImproveYoung of the E. Dibble Burnett 456

o[ the Association Christ Church o[ Jesus Looking Index Back at Ancient Amerreserved. Saints. All rights Subto Advertisers; 487509 porationmentof Latterday

ica, William and Dewey Your Page and Ours 512 scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

single copy.

fcdii&uaJbu Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, Concerning a Man's Right to Live His Life As He Chooses authorizedmailing at special rate of postage provided 1918. July 2,

is The responsibleImprovement not Era Richard L. 480 Evans

unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes con- L, Richard Recovering Our Losses Evans 480 fortributions. All manuscripts must accompanied be

Judge Not Marba C Josephson 480 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Si&lMA., (pQSrfjU, QjWA&to&uL (pU%%bL NATIONALREPRESENTATIVESADVERTISING

Champion Ellen Day 465 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

The 7Up Spread's Sonny Boy Leon Y. Almirall 468 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Frontispiece: For Page Where 472 the Wild Writers Young

Kathrya Sage Grows, Poetry KenPage 475 MEMBER OFCIRCULATIONSTHE AUDIT BUREAU OF dall Soil, Pioneers'458 S. Dustin..507 Edna

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....5 10

JhsL QovsJv HPhis reproduction of Shiprock, famous landmark of New Mexico, is the work of A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY * Davis, and Wyatt comes to us through the courtesy of Kenneth Allen of the New f State Tourist Vxico Bureau. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

Since 1847 we have lived together—the people of

Utah and its industries. We have weathered many

storms... we have watched and worked for the state's

growth and progress.

There is still room for improvement, room for a better understanding to insure greater progress in the future.

Most people are conscious of the mines, mills and smelters that exist in Utah. It is realized that they employ a great many persons, and are vital factors in the

life of our State.

The State, through understanding and cooperation, has grown and the people who have lived here have prospered.

Underlying all this progress has been harmonious relationship existing between the people and its industries.

Progress cannot be had otherwise.

We want you to know more about the industry which supports nearly 50 per cent of the people of the state—the mining industry.

Therefore, to everyone in Utah, we are addressing a number of messages relating to the mines and plants of the State.

They will appear, from time to time, in various publications.

Whoever you are... whatever you do... you have a share in the prosperity of Utah's Industry!

We invite you to a better understanding and knowledge of mutual problems. Through understanding and cooperation we will progress in the future.

The Metal Mining Industry of Utah

American Smelting & Refining Company Utah Copper Company Tintic Standard Mining Company

United States Smelting Refining Chief Consolidated Mining Company International Smelting & Refining Co.

& Mining Company park Utah Consolidated Mines Company Park City Consolidated Mines Company

Silver King Coalition Mines Company Ohio Copper Company of Utah Combined Metals Reduction Company

ERA,THE IMPROVEMENT AUGUST, 1941 TELEFACTHOW WILL WE USE OUR STEEL IN 1941? in SUCCESS

ird I Beauty Culture d a a yours can be must you the AUTOMOBILE CON3*KJCTION RAILROAD CHINERY| MATAINERCON- right foot startby, gettingon.. but

the finest training available. Quish training prepares you to face the future

with a sense of security. ENROLL

NOW! Write for illustrated catalog.

itttlH'"SchoolOUISHof Beauty Culture "The Best in the West"ICOOO) 338 So. Main, Phone 4-0313 GAS CULTURE DEFENSE DOMESTIC AND EXPORTS) ALL OTHER INDUSTRIES

Salt Lake City, Utah Fill in coupon for new illustrated catalog. /V#v

EACHlllllINGOT REPRESENTS 5% OF ESTIMATED CONSUMPTION

THERE'S SCIENCE SERVICENEW YORK TIMcS CHART 54

concrete. reinforcing Tests have Exploring the Universe for that glass used not should be shown /eat flip...Jmflide loads are impact reinforcement when ( Concluded from page 449

is likely, glass loading, for static but million third average a and HPhree satisfactory. A lines print of pagesize be can +——represented squareinch readably a on proto special glasses of HPhe print surface. project the the onto To A tectability injury eyes from welder's by film, also to read photographic and

light ultraviolet it, invisible infrared and is necessary. the of a microscope use

-T depends on the chemical content of the glass and not its color. A new type

'T'he color of the St. Lawrence River of glass called "noviweld"stops ninetychanges as the water approaches eight per cent or more of the invisible

freezing. rays.

HpHERE is a total of about two million frPo determine the wearing quality of tons of silver in the sea water of * "paper currency it can be given a the—normalminutes severalby a newmonths'test. wearThe inpapera fewis "Dyworld.—using suitable conditions water crumpled to a certain volume in a piston

straightened out by mechanical then freezits usual can be cooled below fingers and recrumpled. solid. without point a becoming—-lessThere'sslidingless slippingin wet, ing slippery lots or in icy, snowcovered When so supercooled, violent splash- 4-—

fields when you use a surefooted John ing will cause the water to freeze solid. Cnow of so light and fluffy a nature

Deere Model "H"Tractor - Drawn has fallen that it would take two

Spreader. f* lass instead of steel has been develhundred and fifty cubic feet of it to be

Working with any tractor having one- -* oped in England as a means for as heavy as a cubic foot of water.

plow or more power, the Model "H"will speed up spreading and pull down costs.

Proper weight distribution for good traction of spreader and tractor wheels... enclosed, oilbath feed drive and TELEFACT

shielding complete of all other drives HOW MUCH FOOD ONE HOUR'S... rigid, allsteel strong, construction WAGE BUYS... bigcapacity, nonwrapping beaters

... adaptability for either new or used

all get of these valuable featires—you >:< >::< tures, *m w& at and a price that many more m m w& you. surprise will

See this outstanding tractor spreader $ at your John Deere dealer's. *m %w 3 w

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY!

HI., Moline, Dept. S-150 DEERE, JOHN

I've Please Free Folder checked GERMANYIN IMA * BBS GM 3 send me below.

Model "H"Tractor Spreader.

HorseDrawn Spreader. ElIN ITALY

NameEACH SYMBOL REPRESENTS 24 DIFFERENT FOODS COMMONLY USED

A UNDER NORMAL CONDITIONS COMPARISON i

THE WAR n THISBEFORECHARTAFFECTEDREPRESENTSBY Town -State. IN RUSSIA

1-2 SCIENCE SERVICE -PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

FOR THE COINCIDENCE For HOME, LIBRARY, SEMINARY, and

OF SEVENS WARD and STAKE USE RulonPresidentS. Wells,of the Firstlate Councilsenior

of the Seventy, was nearingthe completion of his eightyseventh A NEW CHURCH year when death came on the sev enth day of May. He was born onthe seventh day of July, 1 854. Some REFERENCE WORK

AA, Tboiv (R&ody!

The Improvement Era TyioAhA. QndsDL

1897 to 1940 inclusive

INCLUDES OVER 20,000 REFERENCES ON DOCTRINAL, HISTORICAL AND GENERAL SUBIECTS

Cloth Bound $2.50 a copy

Leather Bound 3.50 a copy

THE LAST PHOTO OF RULON S. WELLS AT HIS

DESK, APRIL, 1941. Unbound 1.50 a copy

three years ago, on the occasion of his eightyfourth birthday, he wrote Whether you have a set of "Eras"or not this will be for his family, with the warmth of that high humor which was so much an invaluable volume to help you to know where to find his life him, the story of part ofa in source material on any subject in the broad field covered byverse, printed the with beapology low. He repeated this verse several this Church magazine.

times in public with goodhumored ridicule directed at the absurd superORDER NOW!stitions of numerologists.

MY APOLOGY (All prices postpaid, cash with order)

is verses, the fault these mine.For

I line. Alas! every wrote them,

In reading them be good and kind; Fling rhyme and meter to the wind! THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tell to I had my story.

this offense, if you'll forgive, 50 North Main Street For never again soThen long's I live, Salt Lake City I give begorry. word, my

1854—Birthday Meditations—1938 or

JUST four score years and four today hoary, old growing and And hair failing sight DESERET BOOK CO. white and goneWith

of hearing, Hard but deaf—not quite, 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City

all failings these and in spiteWith

I'm going to tell my story.

(Continued on page 488) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

GO MODERN

WITH A MODERN GAS RANGE

'K

YOUNG PAPAYA GROVE, FOREGROUND, WITH

DATE PALMS, CITRUS, AND PROTECTIVE EUCALYPTUS HEDGE IN BACKGROUND.

... for FAST, CLEAN ECONOMICAL COOKING CL $jcUid&n, ul ihsL (boA&hL

By I. Thomasson Naumann

.. and a GAS

tall just off poinsettia plants six feet Arizona, Road, the Oracle spread and strangest lies blossoms. eightinch the gardens bearing There one of

It is WATER HEATER ain thisbout eight miles north of Tucson, side giant crepe myrtle under whose contrasts. trees borof country of fruitbearing are specimens

dered by tall eucalyptus trees and a which carry as many as eight kinds of hedge of oleanders almost twenty feet fruit growing side by side, fed by the high. Inside this natural fence is same root.

grown almost every kind of plant the This garden, the Rancho Palos Verworld knows. Rare oriental plants and des, owned by Maurice Ried, formerly

fruitbearing trees which by all the laws of San Francisco, was started as a of nature should refuse to grow in the hobby. From November until May the

desert (especially a desert that boasts garden is open to visitors. Thousands

.0 -\ freezing temperatures and a snow now pass through the Rancho every year. and then during the winter months) Mr. Ried advises those who would

100/* IN SERVICE flourish in this garden. Exotic plants grow plants in the desert of southern

thrive under the skillful hands of the Arizona to forget all they ever learned

Rancho's workmen. about gardening elsewhere. Says Mr.

Tropical plants abound behind the Ried, "You must not try to garden in eucalyptus windbreak. The Papaya Tucson by the rules of Florida, New

(Breadfruit tree), the citrus fruits, the York, or Iowa."

date and coconut palms grow beside tall

Aleppo pine trees. Bougainvillea clambers up the trunks of ornamental palms, AEUCALYPTUSVIEW OF TREESTHE DESERTIN THF GARDENFAR BACKGROUNDSHOWING

and evergreen trumpet vine stands beWITH CITRUS AND DATE PALMS IN THE

FOREGROUND.

ZERO IN ATTENTION

iilfs

AND LOW IN COST

You can buy on convenient terms

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

SALT LAKE—OGDEN—PROVO

Your Gas Company

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

OLIVER TBSfSPOTATO DIGGERS TBMTOB TE BV

that potato a will If you want digger help GIVE EM ALL THE crop dig your hurryyou in a and handle potatoes gently,your see us about an 3T TEST! Oliver takeoff driven digger. tractor power

Oliver diggers are built in both one and Naturally, you want the tworow models and in elevator widths tractor that best fits your and bed lengths to suit most all condineeds. You'd like to buy that

tions. tractor at the lowest possible

The tworow digger was the first to have price, but you want to be the convenience of a power lift. All Oliver sure that you get modern

diggers are smoothrunning and easy to design, economical performadjust. They have long wearing digger ance and the sturdy construcpoints, extra long wearing elevator chain tion that means long life.

and many other provedin-thefield feaDon't you? Here's how to find

tures. the tractor that has what

Before you buy a digger be sure to see an you want!

Oliver. Check the coupon for free folder.

Think of what TalkOLIVER SUPERIOR your your want you neighbors with about tractor to do. Oliver tractors.

every Talk with GRAIN RRILLS How many neighbor Talki Thinkl acres per day? owns uses Oliver and or thewho an new theWith Uncannily Accurate Think size machinery must Oliver What Oliver 60. of Get their story 70,modern power

of everything you'd like in ait DoubleRun Force Feed.. and design. economical tractor—thenoperate?

Then JTest/ ON YOUR OWN FARM

Test an Oliver 80 or 70 tractor in Whether you buy the 60, the biggest, your own fields—the only worthlittle tractor ever built, which in some

while testing grounds for you. Test soils outperforms ordinary 2-pIow

Give your grain the best start possible any other tractor you think begins tractors—or the 70, distinguished

make best use of your valuable seed with to compare with the Oliver 60 and leader of modern tractor design, an Oliver Superior grain drill that's backed 70. Then buy the tractor that proves which pulls two or three plows in

by more than 100 years of experience in best for your work by TEST on your most soils, gives you far more power building the world's finest seeding equipfarm. We think you'll buy an Oliver than you expect from its conservative

60 or Oliver an on 70—dependingment. Superior Your Oliver grain drill with "I'm sure you'll say, rating—we're size of the your farm, of work amount accurate,its uncannily doublerun, force glad the trac- I bought an to have these which of do and Oliver—it'sfeed, variable transmission speed with you

sixty different sowing rates, strong, sturdy, tractors prove to be the best for you. tor for me."

bridgetruss steel frame, and bushelto-thefoot hopper is a favorite in this territory

In or Mail the Coupon foramong farmers who KNOW grain drills Come from ot Z. Drop A in and see one on

floor! our FREE DEMONSTRATION Check for free folder. the coupon

FILL IN AND MAIL TODAY

MMJ1VTAI1V STATES IMPLEMENT CD. Mountain States Implement Co.

OGDEN, UTAH Ogden,I would likeUtah.to test an Oliver GO (..) 70 (..) tractor.

BRANCHES: UTAH (Check( ) Potatowhich.)Diggers.Please send literature on:

Murray Ogden Logan Tremonton ( ) Grain Drills.

BRANCHES: IDAHO Name R. F. D.

Preston Blackfoot Shelby Idaho Falls Rexburg Town State

Hupert Twin Falls Buhl I 'arm acres.

HERE IS A STORY OF WEED CONTROL! fompUathwL oflL Uul

WELL, SON- I'M SORRV YOU I M SORRY TOO, NEIGHBOR, THOSE PATCHES NOW COVER DIDN'T TREAT THAT MORNING MANY ACRES. MY SEED PROTOP WHEN AND WHITE GLORY IS BELOW DUCTION NORMAL By CHARLES E. DIBBLE I MENTIONED THE MATTER. THAT I CANNOT AND SOWEEDY

ACTIVATED CARBON PAY TAXES ORFEED 7"| T the last International Congress

BISULPHIDE WOULD HAVE THE FAMILY. NOBOD I—I of Americanists, held in Mexico

Weitlaner, J.proposed kF.XED EVERYTHING,, BUYS WEEDY SEEDSj aJlinguistJ- Cityofin Mexico1939, RobertCity,

THESE DAYS'. compilation of a general dictionarytheof

I:V the Indian languages of America. The

Congress accepted the proposal, and.

with the backing of this organization, the work has been initiated with Mr.

Weitlaner as director.

Headquarters have been established in the National Museum of Mexico, and to date three linguistic groups are being studied: the MacroOtomangue

group of Central and Southern Mexico; the SiouxHokan group of Southwestern United States and Northern

Mexico; and the UtoAztecan group of

Central America, Mexico, and WestCun

States. a ern United Study on AntiWeed. fourth group, of Southern Mexico the Maya Buy atH*Ma*and a supw'J America, to be is soon and Central U'flft

initiated with the Maya linguistic scholar, Professor Alfredo Barrera, oio.P contaiiuiiy - Vasquez, as consultant.

Ur you upon request, Special emphasis is at present being be mailedS S placed on those languages which are

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St, San Francisco rapidlybeing madedisappearing.to seek Everythe feweffortsuris

Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches vivorsthese fewand languagescapture abeforeknowledgethey areof

lost forever to linguistic scholars.

The study entails the searching out of all dictionaries and vocabularies thus far published on all of the languages and dialects in each group. It is also to

include the work of modern, trained linguistic investigators whose studies are based on the more or less recent method of phonemic analysis.

For comparative studies three hundred basic words and fifteen hundred additional words are recorded. On

each work sheet is recorded a word as spoken in each language and dialect of the group. On the basis of word

comparison and grammatic comparison, the interrelationships of the language within the group are established.

The organization solicits and welcomes linguistic coworkers, and work sheets are at the disposition of those who desire to contribute to the linguistic fund. The accumulated information

Date 1941 of the organization is at the disposiThe Miskin Scraper Works tion of all, provided proper credit is

Ucon, Idaho given to the original contributor.

Gentlemen: As the work progresses, other linMy farm is so much like the one in the cartoon above that I would quistic groups are to be added, and

it is hoped that the National Museum like information on your scraper for horses, or of Mexico, due to its central location, will become the center of study for all tractor. (State make and model) aboriginal languages of the Western

Hemisphere. The task is so large in

Name... scope that no time limit is considered.

From time to time publications sumAddress marizing the accumulated information will appear.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941 and daughters of Pioneers—continue J/wjyvL SmeAtrfiotL io smsUudwtL to honor them, remembering that most

of them have passed on to the great

By Andrew Jenson people in the midst of the Rocky Mounbeyond. You, of the later generation,

Assistant Church Historian tains. Thus the Rocky Mountains also now, in the face of war and rumors

became a land of promise to many, and of war, step forward and encourage

ONEcumnavigatingmorning in the1897,globewhenthe firstcirinshipstheofmidsttraveloftheytheircouldtoils sing—oftenand hardyourcampssonsfor whothe defenseare trainingof ourin militarycountry time, I was a passenger on a with tearfilled eyes—"We'll find the to live virtuous lives. Advise them to

steamer sailing northward on the Red place which God for us prepared, far refrain from becoming slaves of strong

Sea. As we were nearing the north end away in the West."drink and of tobacco, and habits which

of that body of water, one of the officers So here we are in fulfillment of will minimize their manhood, courage, of the ship called out with a loud voice: prophecy. But even now, after the and endurance.

still historic passing are lapse the years, of remember Mount many we"We listen the of advice to Will an you

Sinai, the out thundered of cannot the Missouri, where wrongs and God tells that he old he you knows when man in fate of easily forget the of yet the daysTen Nauvoo, Commandments it that to experience good, be from pays

Israel."ancient fact that in the glory reached we we principles? virtuous, to loyal sound and

I at impressed deeply once land""promised became our would and now we that of if the sons I say America Dare in like respondedand the throughout our descendants by quoting my mind: will repent countries and other

"Honor thy father and thy mother that generations to come, to possess it. The sins and become practical Christians,of their

thy the long land in Israel days the of be upon Children prospered may the cease, raging world would war now thee,"the thy giveth aswhich Lord as long served of they Canaan Land God their dictators the oppression, with and

I Israel, that children their the of sinned, the remembered but Lord, they when violence, tyranny, murder and would lived in in the land exiled prevailed, bondage enemies had theywho and were to the brought account. be an Then

allof at the of the Egypt, time scattered or exodus the world. over pleasant a world would become abode

in earlier theclung to visiting given promises an of a Jerusalem number When for Godfearing a de- a

I Isaac, people—yea, ago, to find Jacob,day Abraham, grieved and the years to was sirable in that enjoy to world which

land thatabout (a land) a there promised along old people the streets as liberty which is the right of every man.

if theirs serve instead beggars, be ofwould they would as the being honored

God. Lord had commanded. So far, we, of God bless the old folks of today,

And I then also remembered that a the present generation, have done betand those who are waiting on them.

the of younger generation you May Israel, sixter. suffering after formodern endeavoring our to honor We are sin transgression never and by lose your vioteen years old people, under not the yoke them of mob only by feasting

lence in Ohio, Missouri, and Illinois, on Old Folks Day, but honoring them right to possess and inhabit our blessed cherished the promise made by a modall the time by listening to their counland of liberty.

ern Prophet that some of them, after sel, and by being guided by their exFrom a statement at the Old Folks Gath'much persecution, would live to see the perience and example. ering, Liberty Park, Salt Lake City, June

sons 9, 1941.Latterday Saints become a mighty Let us continue to do this—you,

lie Fill that Stretches

MOTOR OIL

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

Photograph by Hal Rumel.

-IJ.AVE you ever lived where the wild sage grows

And smelled its tang when a soft wind blows?

The spring weaves a delicate gauze of green,

Gowning the earth with its soft verdant sheen;

The lengthening days turn sage silvergray

Which blends with the haze when you look far away.

Have you ever lived where the wild sage grows

And smelled sagedust when a hot wind blows?

The purpling sage on the hillsides vie

With the shadowy tones in the evening sky;

While your heart may long for a sageless view,

It clings to the tingling fragrance, too.

O, you cannot love sage, as anyone knows,

Unless you have lived where the wild sage grows

And smelled its tang when a warm wind blows.

458 By KATHRYA KENDALL Ihe Ed itorsTaqe

On. $olmcl to ihe, J&mhfa,

BELIEVE THAT IF A PERSON HAS A DESIRE TO DO

TEMPLE WORK HE CAN FIND A WAY TO DO IT. THE

IMPORTANT THING IS THE DESIRE.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

is Saints enjoy that of doing to as Latterday talked dictated have and we many the dictaphone—ITo my mind, one of the great privileges that frequently I got out of bed at 4:30 in the morning of ancestors letters temple our times office at before going to more 8:30 work for those who my

have died without a knowledge of the Gospel. Perthan any stenographer can write in one day. I had

haps no man among the officials of the Church ever felt for years that I did not have the time to go to did more work for the dead than did President Wilthe temple, but finally I got the desire to go, and ford Woodruff. He had work done for thousands from that time on I had no difficulty in finding the

of people and spent many, many months of his life time to go once a week. Occasionally I went twice

in St. George, when that temple was first com- a week, and it so happens that one week I went all

pleted, working with his friends and relatives, four nights that the temple was open.

setting a very remarkable and wonderful example For some years, on an average of from twelve of diligence in this regard. to more than twenty of my friends and relatives

Nor do I think I have ever known a man who was went through the temple once a week, representing more interested in temple work or who was more the Grant family. For many years I have maintainconvinced of the benefits that accrue to us through ed four or five people going through the temple all

having had revealed to us the privileges and opthe time at my expense. I have in my employ a sister

portunities of this work, than was my fatherin- gathering genealogical information. One year I exlaw, the late President Daniel H. Wells. Daniel pended in the neighborhood of $200.00 a month

H. Wells had such an admiration for his ancestors during the entire year for genealogical research

and was so much attached to them that in the days work pertaining to the families to which I belong of Nauvoo he concluded he did not care to join in direct descent and through marriage.

the Church. He thought he would prefer to be There is nothing like example. I like to encourwith his parents and his relatives and friends who age people to do their duty and to have a mind to

had heard nothing of the Gospel. And then, when do something, and if they have the mind and the

information the him through Prophet came to desire, anything almost convinced they can do I am this salvation dead, for theJoseph concerning to reason. within the of they want boundsglorious truth brought that man into the Church

at the very time when our people were being perseThis genealogical work, to me, is simply marcuted and driven from Nauvoo. He aligned himvelous. It is wonderful how those of us who take

self with the Latterday Saints in the midst of any interest in it have the way prepared. It seems

their greatest troubles and difficulties, and it was miraculous the way my wife has been able in the the restoration to the earth again of the privilege past to gather genealogical information regarding and the right to perform temple work and the her forefathers. It is little less than marvelous the

knowledge of how to do it, that brought this about. way books and other information have come into

I am thoroughly convinced that we can do nearly our possession. When we got right up against

anything within the bounds of reason that we want a stone wall, in some way there has been a hole to do. I believe that genius is, as has been stated made through that wall so that we could crawl

by someone, "an infinite capacity for taking pains."through and get on the other side, figuratively

I believe that if a person has a desire to do temple speaking, and find something that was of value.

work he can find a way to do it. The important I believe that if I could find the time to go to the

thing is the desire. A young man can find hours temple and do temple work once a week, there is

and hours and hours, outside of his work, to spend hardly a man in the entire Church of Jesus Christ with his best girl before he gets married. He of Latterday Saints but what can find the same

doesn't have any trouble whatever in finding the time if he wishes to plan his work accordingly; the

time to spend evening after evening with her. trouble with so many people is they do not have

If we have a desire to do a thing, we can generthe desire. (I am speaking of people who live

ally find the time to do it. I made up my mind where there is a temple. ) If you get it into your

several years ago that I would like to go to the heart and soul that this is one of the most imtemple once a week when I was in Salt Lake City, portant things you as Latterday Saints can do, although I had so much work to do that quite you will find a way to do it.

"The New Order for Europe"(and perhaps the world). This plan, algroup, to the though Geneva knownjtuL

included not because probably crisis was World of philosophical a as its weakness AND system. events, recent In terms of

as well as that weakness, it may accordingly be dismissed from our discussion as unpalatable. Nor do theMORMON THOUGHT remaining three, communism, humanism, Christian universalism, as

generally understood present a comBy DR. G. HOMER

DURHAM thepleteOrient.picture, Butespeciallythese threein termssets ofof

Utah State Agricultural ideas have powerful followings in

College the western world. Communism,

especially, is strong and militant, and, in its militance and the fervor of its faith, affords a stern challenge

The Carnegie document, "Causes to other groups.

of the Peace Failure,"is peculiarly Communism is dismissed by the and strikingly significant. It is the experts. "Its universalism is impresjoint product of the famous "Intersive and real,"they say, "but it arnational Consultative Group"of rives at universality through a proGeneva, Switzerland, composed of cess of destruction of all values ( and

experts from all nations and particuthose who hold them)...."

larly experts who have been, or are Humanism, based primarily on officials now, administrative of the faith is also in weak, human reason, international organizations many its factors of irrational neglect for their in offices having In Geneva. its nature, in too and for human

its the engulf and revolution report of this October, 1940,Crisis the na- "facile concerning optimism world. the see us About state united that to the presgroup we ture men."of

dissolution things crisis, "it of ent which increasingly becomes formerly appeared to have the very evident, is in the last resort a spirChristian universalism is presented essence of stability. Truly men's itual crisis which is due to the abto rest on "a common faith in Jesus

hearts, following the mistakes of sence of great common and compellChrist,"a noble ideal, but nowhere their heads, are failina them. But ing convictions."Further, "None achieved. Pertinently, the learned

there need be no such fear on the of the ideologies which are at presscholars and administrators who expart of Latterday Saints if they ent in control can pretend to be able amined the "Causes of the Peace know and recognize the unique posito bring about a true integration."Failure,"point out:

tion of Mormon thought with relaAnd that therefore, "Men everyThe great question which must be asked tion to this titanic upheaval. where are searching for a new uniof all who advocate this Christian univerThe world crisis has two large versalism."salism is, however, whether they realize to

civilization extent has bewhat Western universalsearch is for a "newaspects. The the collapse of what One the derChristianized, whether and come

is significance.* ism"of tremendous called democratic systems havewe uncertainty Christian Church, weakened by

of government. The other is the International society is so interdeand dissensions within and by unprecedisintegration of the entire Western pendent, domestic society is so comdented attacks from without, can truthfully

it is able to that achieve an integraplex, basis claim that without a common these are only aspects BothWorld.

scale. a worldwide tion on action there for understanding and basic,expressions of a single, and

to current or future be no solutionfundamental problem. probcan This

problems. hardheaded Thatlem been a familiar theme has long men analysisMen's ofheartsthese failgreatthem!minds, Theexrecognize the of earth for a it need isin thought. doubtBut Mormon interplay in the play perienced and

this spiritual for probfoundationful the of us have had whether many to of presented world affairs, and guaranbut is encouraging, lem it no in toforesight of terms apply readers over the Englishlanguage tee success. of foundasuch Without Itpolitical social forces. often and Butsignature of Nicholas Murray

tion, will there democracy be no inrequires lesson outside order an ler, UniverPresident of Columbia of utilizing as symbol a democracy efficacy. internalto demonstrate all is sity, true. the too of what And political social man's and modern prelesson severely a hasSuch been significant outlook? docThis most stable ideal. there will a be Nor in events, also ofsented terms and of with concludes a ument show attainthe worldorder, which upon significantin small but document a reveals, than brevity which more

political ideals social of and ment Failentitled, the of Peace "Causes else, of powerful lack the anything ure,''the Carnegie published Enrests. by attack probto the ideas with which

International for Peacedowment,rpHEGenevaexperts recognize three lem. It says in conclusion: (October, 1940). The same lesson

is illustrated again in an interbroad categories of universal The gravity of the present situation is church ( Protestant and Catholic concepts: the communistic, the huprecisely that, humanly speaking, we do

civilization disintegrated see our how Christian. the in Britain, dating from the manistic, and To notmovement

unity. to come a new one who may No be these three added a fourth might Conference of January,Malvern realistically situation, spiritual the faces who

1941. The lesson: the necessity of which was in process of formulation measures the depth of the gulf..., and

meeting such problems with the force at the time of their discussions, and who is aware of the work of spiritual deof spirituality. which has been announced since as (Continued on page 507)

JhSL MILLENNIUM OF FERDOWS

brought together by Homer were

By writtenyears B. C.much earlier, about 800

a city in Tus, northeastFRANKLIN in FerdowsiKhorisan, waswhichbornis the

Persia. region of ern province This S. HARRIS

its poets. for has noted long been

President of Brigham Shah Mahmud was desirous of havYoung University ing the heroic stories of the country written by the best poet that could be found, so he engaged Ferdowsi to bring the material together. The

poet spent thirty years in writing this great epic, which contains sixty issues word lists designed to elimithousand couplets. The agreement

new words from foreign sources was that the poet should receive one to help preserve the old words thousand drachms of gold for every true Persian origin. This is one thousand couplets which he pro-

e reasons why poets of the past duced until the work was completed.

are so well known to the present The Vizier of the Shah did not

Iranians. like Ferdowsi and he contrived to

Persia has had really hundreds show his dislike by paying the poet

It in silver instead gold. is said of!ranis notopportunityoften that towe haveceleofpeoplepoetsof whothat arecountry.veneratedOne byof thethe this that the poet so enraged by was

brate the millennium of a great most beloved of all these is Fertreachery that he gave away pracwriter A thousand years is a long dowsi, who was born a thousand tically all the money to show his contime to wait for such an event. Our years ago, probably in the year 941 tempt. He also wrote an invective

English language, in its essential A. D. He is the greatest epic poet on the Shah Mahmud which remains

present form, is scarcely more than of the country. His monumental one of the fine pieces of literature of

four hundred years old, so that the work, the Shah Nameh, contains a that period.

writers who have written in this collection of stories and legends of medium have lived much less than the Persian kings up to the Arab Tn the first part of the Shah Nameh, half a millennium. Such languages conquest in 636 A. D. These stories the main characters are personias German and the Romance group cover a period of something like fied powers of good and evil, Urmuzd

have undergone great changes in thirtysix hundred years. They beand Ahriman. The second part is

half a millennium. Latin, the mother gin with the grandson of Noah and devoted to the exploits of the Shahs

of French, Italian, Spanish, and recount many legendary characters and other heroes. One of the most

Portuguese, has ceased to be a living which gradually merge into those important of the stories is that of spoken language in the world. Greek, whose historicity is authenticated. Sohrab and Rustum, which has been

which is one of the old classic lanMuch of the Shah Nameh tells of the made known to many of us through guages, has changed so much since conflict between Iran and Turan, or the poem of that name by Mathew the ancient days when the great Turkey. It has many things in comArnold. Rustum is one of the great

classics were written that one who mon with the conflict between Greece legendary national heroes of Persia.

understands only modern Greek is and Troy, which is the subject of The city of Teheran recently erected not able to read the Iliad and Odysthe betterknown classics. a bronze statue of him slaying a

sey as they were first written. Most countries have epics comdragon. Rustum's horse Rakush is

In Persian we have an unusual memorating the exploits of their early always a great aid in the battles of example of a language that has rehistory. Many of these were writhis master.

mained almost unchanged throughten since the time of Ferdowsi; for Isfendiyar is also one of the great

out many centuries. The Persian example, the Spanish epic, the Cid, heroes. Unlike Rustum, who always

people are so much in love with their which tells of early national wars fought alone, Isfendiyar had a troop poets of the past and are so eager to carried on by this great hero, dates of horsemen to assist him.

preserve their ancient literature for back to 1140; the French song of The dragons and demons play no

present readers that they do everyRoland goes to the eleventh century; small part in the early accounts: for

thing possible to prevent changes in and the German song of the Nibeexample, in the story of Rustum, his the language. At present they mainlungs was written about the year horse Rakush was always encountain an Academy which periodically 1200. The old Greek classics {Concluded on page 488)

JOSEPH SMITH PROPHETS By DR. HEBER C SNELL

L. D. S. Institute of Religion.

Pocatello, Idaho

the humble servant of God that he the writer of this article holds was. (See "Evidences and ReconThe

field Ph. in the of D. degree ciliations,"Era, February, 1941,

study. New Testament He is at p. 97.)

Inpresent Director of the Church stitute of Religion in Pocatello, Idaho. When we have allowed all we

This institute serves students of the should for this quality of humanness

University of Idaho, Southern in prophets and have justly appraised

Branch. it, we should go on to point out how

they are different from other men.

It is in these points of difference

Divine has been generally allowed, that the prophetic characteristics are and (2) to consider the claims of best seen. They deserve a much

Joseph Smith, our own prophetmore extended discussion than can founder, to the possession of similar be given in this paper.

credentials and authority. The prophet seems born for his

One of the obvious characteristics task ( cf. Jer. 1:5) and called, in a

of a prophet is that he is human, genuinely divine sense, to it. He

i. e., limited in the ways that other may possess just the combination of

o persons in history persons in this world are. He must native traits which fits him ideally

are more interesting eat, sleep, and practice the requirefor the prophetic task and whichthan the N-prophets. This statement ments of health generally. He forms the basis for the characteristic

is as true of modern as of ancient acquires knowledge through experiprophetic concern he is apt to feel, prophets. It is profoundly true of ence with men and things. Science, even while he is still young, for

Joseph Smith. Prophets are interhistory, art become his possession, God's work in the world. Then,

esting because of their claim to a as for other men, through study. He someone "with authority"or some

calling both distinctive and impormay possess insight, far beyond that convincing "sign from heaven"destant, -namely, in a special sense to of the average man, into the meaning ignates the prophet for his mission, represent God in the world. The of this heritage, but the underlying and he receives thereby increased

prophet is God's spokesman, making factual materials are those comstimulus and power. Sometimes

known the divine will to man. Also, monly known. Being primarily a both sources of authority operate,

by the manner of his life—his attiman of his time, the message of the as in the case of Elisha (I Kings,tudes and actions—he may be a prophet is colored by the conditions 19:19f; II Kings 2:1-18) or of Saul

revealer of God's will. One has a of his day. of Tarsus (Acts 9:1-19; 13:1-3).

right to expect this of him. No prophet, so far as I know, has Vision experience has been a comProphets have always been misever claimed to be impeccable or mon source of assurance to the

understood by the mass of the peoinfallible. The genuine prophet prophet that he has been called of

ple. By their own generation they would be the first to confess, as did God. Thus Amos, first of the

have generally been opposed, often Jeremiah (Jer. 1:6-10) and Isaiah "writing prophets,"beheld the three

bitterly hated, and not seldom killed. (Is. 6: 5-7 ), his unfitness for his high visions of destruction ( Amos 7:1-8)

By a later generation they have been calling. It is an elementary step in and knew that God was speaking

eulogized, even if still misunderstood, understanding the prophets to recthrough him. Isaiah saw the majesty

and sometimes legends have clusognize their true humanness. They of the Lord of Hosts displayed in the

tered about their memories. Perthemselves recognized it and temple of Jerusalem and heard His

haps it is true on the whole that the achieved thereby genuine humility. voice commanding him to go to a

later generation does them more jusSane men are always willing to adpeople who would not hear (Isaiah tice than did their contemporaries, mit their human limitations—and to 6:1-10). Ezekiel saw "visions of

but we still build the tombs of the deplore them. Joseph Smith posGod"by the river Chebar in Babyprophets and reject their messages. sessed this characteristic in a high lonia and heard himself called to

It is our purpose here ( 1 ) to predegree, as many incidents in his life warn rebellious Israel, "whether sent some outstanding common would show. His human qualities they would listen or decline to listen"

characteristics of ancient prophets contributed, as in the case of the (Ezek. 1-3). Peter was reassured

whose claim to be spokesmen of the other prophets, toward making him through the vision of the clean and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941 unclean animals, that God was no be cited to witness the prophetic us see what these tests of the prorespecter of persons and that the insight, inspiration, and activity in phetic message are.

good for news longer no was the interest Jews of social great reand first I is test shall of speak The alone (Acts 10:7-43). Paul's ligious values. And attenstudent's The

is disinterestedness. eleThere no great vision the on road tion Damascus should diverted not be the from selfishness of in ment the message the entire life changed his course of tremendous part the played proby

is of real It a prophet. given not and valiant the "apostle him made phet, in his effort to serve human his for advantage or aggrandizeto the Gentiles"(Acts 9:1-16). to need, less the significant matter

It It class ment. favors of men. no of tracing a prediction—important is to warning a cry "sinners"and all "\\7ith these this as its be, in its may credentials—fitness place—to a of source to comfort those who for the task, vision prophetic fulfillment. latter this Yet course

to will. seek do God's prophet The experience, is divine appointment and too the often direction which a selfdenying to be must the point at Smith, the beginJoseph of study the prophets takes. The—came of willingness die to for the message. last ning of the century, with mesgreat a related prophets themselves to

is This the all requirement also of religious sage of restorareform and issues great epochal events and and, it. receive is unwho message The tion. call His unmistakable, was than other more of any their men altruistic, worldly, It universal. and in his both for mind and his day, own into threw themselves the battle

it following: contemporary was against social evil and irreligion. beneedimpracticable.not, because ofSincethese qualities,the proprerequisite which backed by every

conditioned the sending forth of the phet's message is divine, it possesses ancient prophets. As to his fitness the qualities which attest its high

there is no need to speak apolosource.

getically, for he rapidly acquired the One of the most crucial tests of necessary knowledge essential in the the divine authenticity of the properformance of his work. That he phetic message is its correspondence

had great native gifts not even his with the knowledge of the past and enemies would deny, and as to his the present. Such knowledge repvisionization—exceptionallyexperience and divineclearauthorand resentskinds broadlya huge accumulationspeaking, scientific,of three striking as these were—it is the conphilosophic, and religious. The

viction of thoughtful students of his scientific is that body of knowledge life that their validity is beyond which has been checked and valireasonable doubt. dated by certain rigid methods. It

It is a mark of the authentic prois in no sense mere theory, essential phet that under divine inspiration as theories are to scientific method, he senses vividly the urgent needs but established fact and truth. The

of his own time and generation and philosophic is an interpretation of responds to them intelligently and the allinclusive realm of experience with resolution. More than a thouJOSEPH SMITH which furnishes the materials and

sand years B. C, Samuel saw that basic assumptions of science and

the very life of the Hebrews was On the American frontier, at the which at the same time reaches bethreatened by the Philistine menace beginning of the last century, reyond science's outermost borders.

and that to organize a kingdom was ligion, and consequently morality, Philosophy deals with ultimates, the only hope of deliverance. Solowere in confusion. It was a critical with the "why of things,"while

mon's tyranny brought the kingdom time for the earnest man or woman science deals with processes, with a hundred years later to the very seeking to know God's will and to the "how of things."Religious

verge of dissolution, and Ahijah obey it. There was a babel of huknowledge includes both scienand other prophets, no doubt man voices pointing "the way to be tific and philosophic knowledge and

warned of disruption to come. In the saved,"but the voice of God seemed adds an active divinely revealed

ninth century Tyrian Baalism meninarticulate. Into this situation concern for the continuance of higher

aced the very existence of Hebrew came Joseph Smith, a mere youth, and more spiritual experiences. Rereligion, and Elijah and Elisha, with a revelation from God, setligion is appreciative of all facts and

mighty champions forJehovah, threw ting up a movement designed to values and may be justly said to themselves into the breach. Critical reform and stabilize both morals and "embrace all truth."Now the point

times for the two Hebrew kingdoms religion. In the course of a few I am working to is this: The essencame again in the eighth century, and years and in the face of many obtial message of a true prophet would

stacles, the interbecame movement Isaiah,Amos, Hosea, be in line could not and Micah opbe with—it in thousands scope andappeared posed scientific the tide to stem of unnational knowlto—assured satisfaction their found the of hopes itrighteousness. edge; accept philotrue But would from Judah went

bad to worse and Israel went to within it. sophic knowledge, and it would inpieces (722 B. C.). In vain did terpret with religious 1 knowledgeZephaniah and Jeremiah a century TThe supreme qualification of a every experience of life.

later seek to turn aside destruction prophet is to be sought in the One or two illustrations may clarify from the southern kingdom. In character of his message and the the point: A certain Koreshite pre586 B. C. it followed the fate of its results it produces. He may possess tender to the prophetic role, operatnorthern neighbor. Ezekiel, in Babyall other qualifications but if his mesing in Chicago forty years ago,

lon, whither the Hebrew exiles were sage will not stand up under certain taught his followers that the earth taken, tried persistently to restore tests, chief of which is the good re- (Continued on page 504) the religion of the Hebrews. sults that cannot flow it, he from

other Numerous examples could justify call. to a claim the divine Let portant1Only testthe ofmostprophecygeneralcantreatmentbe givenof here.this im463

ecently, while maknever would do otherwise, and takes ing my rounds in away that sweet freshness from a Hollywood,Rvisiting the studios and girl which is so hard to find these stars, I called upon Max Factor, Jr., days."

at his famous makeup studio and Then, as he placed the proper spent one of the most interesting color of rouge high on the cheek afternoons of my life. After showbones, blending it well toward the

ing me through his vast plant, where outer eye, he explained in great almost every kind of cosmetic and length why he thought the Word of perfume is manufactured, and where Wisdom made fine men and women, various types of wigs for screen and citing the case of a Mormon boy stage, as well as social wear, are who had worked for him until he had made, he invited me into one of his become very valuable to the firm.

makeup rooms. It is especially de- "You couldn't tempt him in any

signed for brunettes ( that being my way,"he said. "I never saw a percomplexion) and I really marveled son like him. Then he later gave up

at its attractiveness. Its soft, thick his fine position with us to fulfill a

rugs, elegant creamcolored furnmission for the Church. There was

ishings, and mirrorbedecked walls a specimen of your Word of Wisremind one of some luxurious home, dom,"he added, nodding his head rather than a makeup room. in approval. "Why, I'd do anything

"I should like very much to show for that boy."

you just what can be done with makeup,"he said. "LJe then came to my eyebrows,

Knowing that this person had picked up a pair of tweezers, spent most of his life at the side of studied my face a moment, and said, his famous father, the late Max Fac- "No, I won't pluck your eyebrows.

tor, in his various experiments of They are the most expressive featmake-up for feminine pulchritude, ures of one's face. Naturallooking

and had beautified practically every eyebrows complement the face the motion picture star in Hollywood, I Lord gave you."

was more than thrilled to see just Building them out a little at the what he could do with me. end with the pencil he accentuated After making me most comfortBEAUTY their natural line and then put on

able before a threeway mirrored the lipstick. He applied this with a

dressing table, equipped with almost rather solid small brush outlining every kind of makeup imaginable, BUILDER the mouth well first, then filling in he placed a band of white gauze on afterwards.my head well down around the hair A LA A glance in the mirror showed me

line and applied a thick coating of that I was really being transformed.

cleansing cream.

"Do you know,"he said, as he dtoihjwDod, sameHe thenshadeputas onthesomebase andpowder,brushedthe deftly worked the cream well into off the surplus with a soft complexion the skin, "that Utah has the reputaTEEPING THE WORD OF WlSbrush.

tion for producing the most naturally DOM IS A SHORTCUT TO "Too much makeup drowns out beautiful girls in the country?"He BEAUTY SO SAYS MAX FACTOR, your personality and that, believe

stopped for a moment while he spoke Jr., ONE OF THE WORLD'S me,"he said, "is far more important

seriously. "I'll tell you why. It's GREATEST MAKEUP ARTISTS. than beauty. Personality is beauty,"

the Word of Wisdom as you call it he added, "and that's where your back there. Dissipating habits in Word of Wisdom comes in again. It

any form destroy charm, and by By creates good taste, breeding, and keeping the Word of Wisdom, you culture, which in turn make charm girls have already conquered the ALICE PARDOE WEST... and what is charm... if not

beauty game seventyfive per cent."personality!"

He then gently removed the are well and in good physical conBy this time, I thought surely I was cleansing cream from my face and dition, your skin, eyes, and hair "a finished product."But no...

applied a cotton pad saturated with radiate. Smoking tears down cernext came the arranging of my hair.

skin freshener. Patting my face tain tissues, affects the nerves and After studying me for a while he

deftly with this until it glowed, he also takes its toll of feminine charm. changed my appearance entirely by

then dampened a sponge and apAnd drinking,"he continued, "well, giving me a new hair dress.

plied his famous pancake powder now, can anyone tell me what pos- "Everything is trending toward the base. sible good can be obtained from Latin right now,"he stated, "ac-

'Cleanliness is next to godliness'drinking... except for medicinal cording to that slogan 'Love thy

is what my father always said,"he purposes?"He daubed a bit of gray neighbor in South America'or somecontinued, "and that means inside eye shadow over my eyes. thing, so I have darkened your skin

and out. The skin is the indicator "Besides, it puts on weight,"he considerably and think I shall part

of the physical condition. If you said, "and makes you do things you (Concluded on page 488)

the smoldering fires, and threw them over the braves'naked shoulders.

Amid surprised yells of agony, let go all holds, evenCHAMPION burned arms the rivals loosening their grip before a second dipping of baskets. TheA story of Jacob Hamblin—and a released girl swayed and the scout

LONE FIGHT WITH A TRIBE OF could see her chest heave as she

BRAVES. gulped in the blessed air. She

seemed bewildered.

But the squaw who had thought of the hot coals knew the men would

By ELLEN DAY return to their struggle as soon as they had vented their wrath upon

E had heard the distheir women for this interference.turbance Hfor some time before he She must be mother to the girl,

reached the Rio Virgin's flood bank. thought the white observer, to have

At first he feared two tribes were courage thus to dare for her the fighting, and his job of peacemaker men's fury.

between Indians and whites might Wildly, the woman lifted her take on the aspect of peacemaker beeyes as though petitioning aid from tween Indians and Indians. the Great Spirit. There, against the

Drawing closer, he distinguished sky stood the answer to her mute yells of laughter in the hubbub. His prayer. She seized the shoulder of

fears relaxed. Probably settling the bemused girl and pointed.

some dispute between individuals, "Hamblin! Jacob Hamblin!"she

he thought. It must be involving a exclaimed, "Run to him! RUN!"

large group, though, the way the yelling comment, challenge, laughter, and Indian invective swelled at Ihe girl ran. Frantically

his approach. ( as a few braves turned their attenAtop the flood bank he could look tion back to her) she ran—climbeddown to where the noise centered.—scrambled—fell—scrambled againThe small encampment was on the—up the slope to the scout. Reaching

bottom bank, wide and level here, for him slightly ahead of her nearest the river was low. And the contest pursuer, she gasped, "Save me!"

Orville grandfather, knees. his about her arms locked Cox, and (for it not rightly a fight) was was MY the plains from crossed Nauvoo

I kittle of ain't in a prettyplain his eyes. to "Now, the second Salt with City to Lake

The young squaw about whom company in 1847. After pioneering fish!"thought the white man. "Why

two braves had their arms wrapped, at Bountiful and Salt Lake City he didn't I keep out of sight?"

to Fairview, then to sent Manti, it was thought. belied his his action that it instantly But clear to himmade

then on the Muddy,""Down nearly girl's tightening to arms the as the question over who now Aswas then to Orderand Overton, Nevada, should take her to his wickiup. The ville in southern Utah. flung him off balance, he braced himtwo piles of Indian valuables nearby His son, Frederick Walter Cox, of self and brought his rifle to point at

told that she must be a mighty pretty Fairview, Utah, spent several years the pursuers. They stopped. Silence

the his of on boyhood "Muddy"became savages that both the rivals were and The yellingsquaw into the flows Rio which that white braves men in wealth. equal Virgin. thefell. dignifiedardent almost and acquaintpersonally both were They

But, he thought grimly, she would ed with Jacob Hamblin. Uncle Walt usually saw, and the chief assumed

be dead in a few more minutes, and has been in the habit of spending his his authority as spokesman.

in whenever and Mesa pointed only a moment. would those heartless devils winterswhat The rifle

I together get could he and its to the butt droppedcare? would Hamblin pioneer write take and myI typewriter

The Indian's "White Brother"stories as he told them to me. ground with one hand, touched the

was seeing red. And that would not When I asked him for incidents suppliant's head with the other, and

do. He must remember that he illustrating the matchmaking cusmotioned her to stand up and step

of the Indians, toms he told me role the thus liked him, accepting that Indians,liked they this behind and others). one Ellen Day. (among

let his a spoketrusted he of her protector. not Then must him. He

disgust at the way they treated their greeting in the native language and women upset his judgment. This with dignity equal to the chief's,

was not a propitious moment for apapproached him for talk.

proaching the tribe, and if he this game was being played by The talk was brief. This was no

obeyed his hot impulse it would be grown men, and the girl was the time for complimentary orations. A

still less propitious. He'd best convictim of their fierce struggle. fight over a squaw had been intertrol himself and stay where he was The scout, however, was not the rupted, and Jacob Hamblin had beuntil the tragicomedy ended. only person concerned lest the girl come a third party to the contest.

The two trying to pull the Indian die. The other squaws had at first enThere would be but one solution.

girl away from each other were not joyed it as much as the brawling As soon as the woman had pointed the only ones involved. Friends of braves themselves. But now a shrill to him and screamed his name at the

each had wrapped arms about the note of protest became discernible in girl, Hamblin knew he was doomed chests of the rivals, and other friends their screams. to fight separately both the rivals

had taken hold of them until it looked Suddenly one of them directed and then as many others of the tribe like a children's game of "London others. They snatched up grass as cared to enter the contest. He

Bridge''in the final tugof-war. But baskets, scooped hot embers from (Concluded on page 504)

EVIDENCE FOR GOD jcul cl Axu&nJbjJL aqua, ijL

years Biochemists have for many By W. BLAKE studied glucose in which the manner

is in decomposed the human body, CHRISTENSEN for prodecomposition it is by that cess that we obtain the energy that enables us to move about and to live.

great In the a early days of the study TThe author, formerly instruct conflicting reports made. were many

tor in Bacteriology at the labone worker in One research Pocatello College, Branch here inhis oratory would conclude from gives brief to a comment quesvestigations that glucose broken was tion that has often been loosely particular way, one and down in freely dealt and with ago a popular by popfew months in another laboratory worker another ular writers the day. statepublished magazine of his reconclude from would own n.ments by wellknown men.tl in that search broken it was down

concerning what they thought Christ a different way. However, with

would do if He were on earth today. hundreds of workers investigating

One of these men, a noted English discover whether he can find any the problem in different laboratories author, made the statement that evidence in science that would argue all over the world, the true breakfor against a the existence or of it science impossiblemodern makes finally process discovered, down was Being. Supreme into believe personal a God. That all all in laborof the workers and theologian asked The what whenstatement the wonder made me how atories using correct the methods by

exists that evidence imhas hediscoveries God of science could prove able to the confirm of one were work that revelation mediately answersto that or to that author any man indicates another. This example

religious the experiences of and man exist, does after for not workGod scientists of that the evidence mass is that question there prove beyond ining science as research and man true before as accept they demand scientist, real- a God. though I The forteacher a reyears, of number hypothesis. given any demand They izing in his experience past from such against accusationgard an the that overwhelming, evidence be

it is field that to brand unwise ownscience as very grossly grave and it rigid that subject to exbe and as nonexistent something he whichunjust. proof. perimental

definitely not has measured or demfirst In the place, accusasuch an to press the a little example Now, onstrated for himself, at the sametion to not tends only condemn scientists further, that found have time to disregard the is prone itscience as a whole, also but tends evicertain preliminary of glucose stages for offered the theologian, byto the individual scientist brand as dence are in the breakdown body human feels he that has he adequate no lacksone true perspective. a who exactly the preliminary the as same

his physical at to disposal means the scientist, such, as unless heNow animals, stages in other in yeast revelation demonstrate purposefulhas made a of the study or measure cells, bacteria. Thus, and in many effects on human beings.relationship science reits between and first that the able they are to say

ligion, is not ordinarily concerned Yet, when the scientist disregards stages of glucose decomposition in with proving that God does or does that evidence, he overlooks the these organisms are universally the not exist. Immersed as he is in the greatest supply of evidence in existsame, and also that these processes

materialistic aspects of living, he is ence for proving from the scientific are necessary for the maintenance interested primarily in discovering standpoint that God exists, for, while of life. Examples of this general

and applying fundamental physical there is absolutely no scientific evinature are legion in biological intruths for the material betterment of dence to show that God does not vestigations, and it is possible for mankind. exist, the analysis of the evidence scientists to say that where such

The scientist does not usually offered by the theologian from a universal processes are found it may wish to invade the domain of spirscientific point of view will prove be concluded that they are not only itual life as an investigator, but he beyond doubt that God does exist. necessary for life but also that they

leaves that field to men who have Thus, the scientist will have in his represent the highest degree of effistudied it. He is not necessarily, hands evidence which is as scienciency and usefulness. In other

of course, an atheist or agnostic; his tifically sound as the soundest rewords, to make a justifiable generalreligious beliefs are of the same gensearch that has been done in the ization, in living organisms there are

eral nature as would be found in field of science. In order to show no processes, functions, or emotions

any professional group. However, how scientific methods of reasoning of universal occurrence that are usewhen individuals accuse the scientist may be used to prove that God exless. That fact has been proved

of proving through his discoveries ists, let us examine these methods time and again by scientific research.

that God does not exist, it is only of reasoning in connection with orHow does this scientific truth just that he be given the opportunity dinary research, and let us use as a furnish evidence for the existence of defending himself against such specific example the research that of God? If we examine the history

charges. In making such defense, has been done on the breakdown of of man we find that he has always

therefore, the scientist wishes to glucose, the energyyielding sugar, reached upward in a supreme struglook at all sides of the argument to in the human body. (Concluded on page 503)

Undaunted HPhE STORY OF LEON Y. POND—WHO

FACED LIFE WITH FORTITUDE, AND

ACHIEVED MUCH.

Tf you can watch the things you gave your * life to, broken, stoopAnd and build 'em up with wornout By tools; If you can force your heart, and nerve, and ARCHIBALD

sinew serve turn after your long gone, they areTo F. BENNETT

in there so hold on LEON Y. POND is nothingAnd when you

Except the power which says to them, General Secretary, Genealogical

Society of Utah "Hold on!"

life. Pathetic are his words describing... you'll be a MAN, my son.

this period:

I at Provo, Utah, University the entered for ideal high indeed a was he 1 933, already had his compiled BookThis course carried a in heavy 1934, and June, that poet the Kipling mankind of his Remembrance of and ForeBook in full to order in time job school a and up. held measured Leon Y. Pond fathers, others and had taught to com- I noticed 1935, In expenses. meet May, ideal. to thatup with an unImbued theirs. pile to his Subsequent return grind the legs, continued in but drag a my his desireshakeable to serve Master he spent available every in the I of moment the 1935 under. summer During was

and render loving service to his fellow Genealogical Library at Salt Lake City, the drag in my legs became worse. More

man he held steadfastly to his task, specializing in research on the Pond and more frequently my legs refused to move

I to the until ground,despite plunge and would everweakening an body, my lines. Pettibone and amassed, durHe

fall. the refusing In to stop arms Novemthere left virtually nothing of him was this ing period, several thousand con-

I for of lost muscles the ber, use 1935, my faithphysically except the and the nected names. he appointed Then was this time hands hours. several About my saidpower which on!""Hold to supervise the organized newly genit lose to strength became more and began

faith determination should Such and ealogical the of department Ogden the difficult 1935, to write. In December,

be known throughout the Church, to Library. From older residents of that muscles through my legs began to twitch;

provide inspiration, and encourage to city he solicited and obtained many and the muscles in my hands and legs lost noble endeavor. Others may now be valuable volumes of historical and strength and began to atrophy and wither

facing dire disappointment, yet like him genealogical records. away. I lost weight. The atrophy has

may have it within their power to acExperiences of his own had taught continued to the present.

all service. suchcomplish important To the importance him people's of young he and weaker grew day Every now

his as achievement beacon should be a active in becoming genealogy. helpless. He Finally completely he more

light. wrote: in stroke. falling collapsed, as a When

life rich in years, short His but was right the paralyzed he revived on was participate in people should Youngin in accomplishment. excelled He his right side, lost the use of and had services for the influence, steadying Temple student,whatever he a undertook—as tried to foot, that he so and spirit, hand when the protection and from such coming genealogist. missionary, taska a The participation foot. that through conthe given. promises dragged he walk He that doing doing worth worth was was participation the gives Temple youth power his until the examinations. school tinued

if well, set to perform he out duty a and live to all fully its the in prinmore Gospel that told the an doctor he him had Then it untilhe stayed he with accomhad ciples. is in comfort There peace and such incurable malady.

it ability. I activity. his all feel to bestplished of the very the Always "good way entered condition hopeless In this he

... through."people should acYoung be in born PocaPond Leon was Young zest great with upon a and undaunted tive in for genealogy, the they grasp probtello, 19, the Idaho, September 1907,

is in told the best undertaking. This lems of research quickly older more than S. Alice ofson A. and Snow Pond Noah his people; his constant mother, of they in share responsibility the and words of latter the granddaughter aYoung, the the of redemption receive dead this and unfailing during time may of companion of Presidentboth and Brigham Young blessings therefrom. to Again, they learn trial. protracted President Lorenzo Snow. think of others others. of helping and This

In 1928 Leon's father was called to develops their character, making them unWhen it was decided that he should not preside over the Northern States Misselfish and helpful to others. Genealogical return to school, he became very active

sion, to which place Leon accompanied and temple work are the most altruistic in genealogical work. For months he was

him and later Leon attended the Univerlabors that youth can perform. President ever persistent with the typewriter, and

this said that Wilford "will Woodruff his the for ancestry, with research work Pond sity active of Chicago. became He also go forward with leaps letters trace and writing bounds"he found wherever a when reresearch, in genealogical while and interested youth in becomes genealogy the of the throughout United and Pond name

incovering spent from illness time much temple work. will bring States. enthusiasm They

the Newberry Library, seeking to trace into the work. For Christmas, 1937, Leon, with the help

back his ancestral lines as far as posof Miss Thora Bailey, made four Books sible. In his later travels he visited During the summers of 1933, 1934, of Remembrance for his four brothers. In

the library of every large city he enand 1935 he served as a guide or lecthem he made pedigree charts of his greattered to obtain all he could on the turer on the Temple Square Mission, grandparents—President Brigham Young,

Pierce President Margaret Young, Lorenzo lineage. family activity Later, as a missionary a happy for him.

Squires Harriet Snow, and Snow, and of in states, the northern helped to he his brother He and attended BrigGrandfather Stillman Pond.

train the Saints in recordkeeping. He ham Young University at Provo

and a companion compiled a book of in 1934 and 1935, and he worked his Although his body became more and genealogical instructions which bore way as a janitor, and by selling insurmore helpless, his mind continued alert tangible results in increased temple ance, correcting chemistry papers, and bright. A question arose in a ward

work. among other things. Events were now class as to the origin of the various

With his mission ended in March, leading swiftly to the climax of his (Concluded on page 498)

SONNY BOY

m CUVCL CL di&lbSL

his left shot with and hand home his By LEON V. for a the bolt. second had Never

eyes left the outlaw, and always he kept up a lowvoiced conversaALMIRALL tion. He edged closer, and the dun

backed away slowly, suspicion writ- a gigantic pair of bellows. Bob

ten in every line of his body. His wiped the sweat from his face and

heat in the brown small ears flicked backwards and advised:eyes of oldTheJoe Kuba's son matched forwards, and his breath whistled "You shouldn't do thataway. You

the smoldering brown of his hair. through his nostrils. won't be none a-tall tough for me

The glance he sent forth seemed to "Lissen fellow, every time you to ride if you go wastin'your vie with the shimmering heathaze back away like that, you get closer breath."

which drifted upwards from the to that snubbin'post an'that sure He picked up his saddle with gramagrassed New Mexico counhelps me, if you only knew it."hackamore hung over the horn in his

try. The singsong tone of the young right hand, and his Navajo saddle

From where he stood in the shade cowboy's voice accompanied his blanket in his left.

of the ranch house porch, words of steady approach towards the dun, "Now, all I do is put this blanket scorching indignation broke the siwhile he held his rope ready. Well on your back, balance my hull on

lence of the morning. Despite the he knew the power of a human voice top, cinch her tight, slip the hackdeep tan of his young face, red crept if rightly used on any kind of horse. amore over that Roman nose o'

through with each utterance, and On that knowledge lay half of the yours, turn you loose, and climb

Bob's hands balled into clenched first part of his plan to top this dun aboard."He grinned wryly. That,

fists, which opened and 'closed. He to a finish ride, because he'd have as he well knew, was quite a large

left the shade of the porch and highto get his ropenoose on him, for the order, but he meant to fill it.

heeled his way in the direction of chance. "Yes, sir,"he mused, once more

the corral. Only one ranchraised would have reverting to his grievance and the

In the poled enclosure, a longseen the moment to make the throw cause of his resolve, "I'm sure fed barreled bronc with a Romannosed when it arrived. A horsefly buzzed up on bein'called 'Sonny,'and 'Sonhead rolled his eyes until the whites on the scene and lit on the outlaw's ny boy.'I'm no toddlin'kid, but

showed, and threw a damaging look flank. Instinctively, the horse turned none of this outfit seems to know I've

in the direction of the approaching his head towards the attacker, and grown up. It's 'Hi Sonny, your pa

footsteps. as the head swung back, Bob shot wants you.''Hi Sonny! Bring in

For a few seconds, Bob peered his noose. It sailed true, went over the cayuses outa the pasture.'Gee

between the poles. His straight lips the outlaw's head, slid down his whizz, I'm nineteen, not nine years

curled derisively, and he mocked the neck, and the first part of Bob's priold!"

big dun. vate rodeo was on.

"So, you're an outlaw, eh? A Even as the dun ran the length of JDeside the snubbing post,

real bad one. So bad no peeler has the rope in his frenzied rage, Bob opposite to where the dun still

ever stayed with you to a finish. dug his highheels into the corral strained at the rope, eyes bugged

Well, today that's goin'by the dirt, and fought to force the outlaw out and nostrils flared, Bob upended board, for I'm goin'to ride you to closer to the snubbing post. his saddle on horn and cantle, like

a farethee-well."Time and again he almost was any good cowpuncher would, when

As if he understood the uttered close enough to throw a dally over he set it on the ground.

threat of the nineteenyear-old, the the short solid piece of upright wood, "Can't afford to get the skirts of outlaw let loose a squeal of rage and but always the dun would drag him that saddle bent in because when I whirled about the circular pen. away. Round and round they went, set it on you, oldtimer, I won't want

Bob jiggled the lariat in his right but once more came that moment to waste time."

hand: which helped Bob, and he managed He still held his blanket in his

"Yeah, horse, I plan on takin'the to get his rope around the post, and hand as he moved towards the outfirst trick in this private rodeo. made it tight with a quick halfhitch. law.

You've got 'em all scared, but me, Now, when the big bronc ran the "You've got me all wrong,"conan'I don't mean maybe.''Even as length of the rope, the post took the soled Bob. "I'm aimin'to do you

he spoke softly, he pulled back the brunt, and the outlaw hit the dust, no harm, bronc, if you behave. All

bolt on the gate, stepped swiftly inand came up a wildeyed, wheezing I aim to do is to make you gentle, side, closed it, reached behind him brute, with sides which heaved like and show this outfit I'm not just a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

'sonny boy,'but a real dyedin-therope, and shoot? They sure had, and He edged closer to the bronc, and

leather cowpoke. Then, maybe Rene how to "use his dukes too,"when, the horse suddenly stood like a

Glover and Pete Smith, and the rest and if, he was in the right—not to

of the ranneys with this spread will be a quitter ever, or a tinhorn. They "Huh! A lamb, eh? Well, don't

get wise, and call me by my right'sure had done all these things. And think I don't know your breed.'You

name which is Bob, not 'Sonny.'if they'd seen this young cowboy won't catch me nappin.'

Gradually, he shortened the rope with the light in his brown eyes faced Bob laid the blanket on the dun's that held the bronc until it was right towards this outlaw horse, right now, back again, and that was the famous beside the post with little room to they'd have said: "He's committin'"straw."With a hump of that back,

display his vicious wares. suicide. No peeler ever rode that and a squeal of rage, the outlaw sent

Then, careful of willing heels, he dun to a finish."Maybe it would the gaily colored blanket skywards

fanned the dun with his saddle blanhave dawned on one or both why into the thin air, and it flopped down ket, and twice ran it over the animal's Bob was going to put on this act, or into the dust.

back. maybe not. "Attaboy!"exclaimed Bob. "Get

Minutes lengthened into an hour, But the fact was that, at the hour rough. I knew you wouldn't stand

and still the battle between the boy when Bob entered the corral to start like that long."

and horse continued with always his proof he was no longer a "sonny But the singsong voice in which

Bob's soothing talk having its wellboy,"most of the outfit was absent. he spoke began to have effect on this

nigh imperceptible effect. He'd made sure of that. He knew fourlegged roughneck of the plains.

Had the ranneys on the "7 Up"that otherwise he'd have no chance. Twice more Bob laid on the blanket,

considered that in this son of their After the ride was over, they'd be and the last time, the dun let it stay.

boss dwelled the sensitive disposition able to tell from the condition of the Bob eyed him with skeptical wonder, of his mother, who had passed on bronc that he must have been ridden then, as he picked up his saddle, adwhen he was just a tyke, they would to a finish, for he'd look the part. dressed more conversation to him:

have tempered their teasing. InThen would be time enough for him "You wouldn't fool me or would

stead, in him they only saw, "the to say: you? You wouldn't go foxy and let

spittin'image"of his roughhewn "Sure, I rode him. I was the only me set the whole works on you like

father, and they passed along unone here, wasn't I?"No, sir. He you kind of wanted me to ride you?"

sparingly the bunkhouse banter couldn't have picked a better day The fortypound stock saddle, particularly, Rene Glover and Pete to show 'em he was a fullfledged with the swell in front and high

Smith, both of whom, they swore, dyedin-theleather cowpoke. The cantle in back, now rested on the

had "nursed him along from the time only one left at the ranch was the blanket, and Bob's eyes bugged out he was hockhigh on a tall horse."deaf Chinese cook. His father was in wonder, for, again, the dun stayed

Hadn't they taught him to ride, in Deming. quiet.

"So you see, you mangy old dun, However the youthful rider never

I picked me a day for both of us. lost his caution. When he reached

There won't be any interference. for the cinch beneath the barrel of

You do your stuff, an'I'll do mine."the horse, he stood close to the front

legs, and watched the hind ones.

Then, his hand shot forth, snatched the cinch strap, pulled it towards him, ran it through the cinch ring on the saddleskirt, and heaved.

"Yeah, blow yourself up, bronc.

I expected that and worse,"volunteered Bob, as the dun did just that and no more. But the moment he

let out his wind, Bob pulled up hard on the cinch, and made it tight. One

fast reach upwards and his hand gripped the saddlehorn. He pulled

on it, but the saddle sat secure.

"You're a fox. Instead of kickin',

you let me saddle you up like a broken broomtail. Maybe that's

smart, but if you knew what a help it was to a fellow tryin'alone to put his gear on a wildeyed brute like you, you'd sure be mad. Now, let's

see'bout this hackamore. Lucky no

bit goes with it to shove between your teeth."Bob picked up the ropemade bridle which had no bit,

walked to the dun, and quickly slipped it over his head.

"A regular lamb. They must've

THE BRONC HAD DONE A "JACKhad you all wrong. You're no outKNIFE,"HIS CLIPPED FRONT

HIND LEGS AND AFTER A law. You're just a broken down

PITCH STRAIGHT AHEAD, AND bronc. Of course after I'm settin'

OF DERISION BOB'S YELL HAD MET THE TRICK. {Continued on page 500)

Photo by Lacroix.

THE MONUMENT OF THE REFORMATION AT GENEVA,

SWITZERLAND, BEARS AS A MAIN INSCRIPTION

THE WORDS "POST TENEBRAS LUX"(LIGHT AFTER

DARKNESS). THE FOUR CENTRAL FIGURES SHOW

CALVIN, FAREL, BEZA, AND KNOX. EIGHT PANELS,

CROWDED WITH FIGURES, ARE CUT IN BASRELIEF,

INSCRIPTIONS. APPROPRIATE SIGNING THE CITADEL OF WITH

OF THE COMPACT IN THE CABIN OF THE

FLOWER IS ALSO PICTURED.

LOFTY IDEALS MAYBy MARIE WIDMER

I Geneva, first mentioned in Book of Caesar's "Commentaries,"& JUmpAJL i) 5&wwjcl, SivIisiAlanjcL

Christianity in the adopted fourth century, was annexed by the first kingdom of Burgundy one hundred in science and literature. Voltaire, modern luminaries too have succumbed

years later, and fell under the dominion Mme. de Stael, George Sand, Dumas, to its charm.

of the Franks in 534 A. D. In 888 A. Daudet, Byron, Gibbon, Ruskin, Several momentous events have be-

D. the second kingdom of Burgundy, Frances Havergal, Sismondi, De come milestones in the city's newer east of the Jura, rose from the ruins of Saussure, Amiel—a veritable parade of history, and each of these has

the Carolingian Empire, with Geneva illustrious authors, philosophers, and enhanced her prestige and magnetas one of its principal cities. scientists—were sojourners in this enism. Thus Jean Henri Dunant, a

Rapidly destiny wove her threads. chanting realm. In more recent years philanthropic citizen, stands out as the

Out of the struggles of intervening cenfounder of the International Red Cross.

turies, security Geneva's was definitely MINIATURE CONSERVED BELL LIBERTY THE battle at the present to be happened IN He ANCIENT TOWN THE OF THE ROOM ALABAMA established after it the dochad adopted of Solferino 14, 1859. on Three BELL, June THIS OF GENEVA, SWITZERLAND. HALL

trine as Reformation, of the preached ORIGINATING FROM SHAWE THE ME BELL years published later he on his a book ACTUALLY BALTIMORE, FOUNDRY WAS in by Farel became 1535. It now experiences, advocated an internaand METAL THE OF FROM REMNANTS a MADE IN THE

Syndics Republic BELL governed FROM LIBERTY GREAT WHICH and by THE by tional for to provide convention care COPY. CAST IS AN EXACT AND WAS people. Councils elected the by in of This convenwar. the wounded

A year later, on August 5, 1536, tion, which took place at Geneva and there arrived in Geneva the man whose was concluded and ratified on August still lives in the name 1 Calvin, 22, the surgical corps 864, neutralized native of a in city—JeanPicardy. AttachNoyon hostile of volunteer soarmies and

ing himself to the new religious party, cieties caring for the wounded. As a

he soon acquired tremendous influence tribute to Switzerland, the Swiss flag in Geneva and throughout Europe. Calin reversed colors, i. e., red cross on a

vin not only organized the new church, white field, was adopted universally, but also the state; he developed public and white arm bands with a red cross

instruction and founded the Geneva have since been worn by all members

Academy, which became in those days of the neutral staffs.

the leading school of Protestant theology, with the gentle Beza, Calvin's Geneva has since that time been the devoted friend, as its first rector. headquarters of the International Red

Society, Cross and enormous whose consequently promigained Geneva activities charitable manifold the during nence stronghold as the of reformed a inspiration proved an World War it faith for a refuge and became all Profirstto the the of mankind. outbreak At testants countries, various driven from

conflict, all in present behalf of work especially France. from

sufferers immediately resumed. war was

life Intellectual intensity in gained and when Jean Jacques Rousseau, son The same chamber in the City Hall of a local watchmaker, startled the where the First International Red Cross world with his Contrat Social, his Emile, Convention came to a successful end his Confessions, and his Nouvelle was also the meeting place of the AlaHeloise, Geneva, more than ever, held bama Claims Commission from Decemthe attention of the cultured public. ber 15, 1871, to September 14, 1872.

Gradually the city and its wondrous The thirtysecond conference of this lake shore became the mecca of leaders (Concluded on page 502)

By Clive Bradford and Wendell D. Hart

a three weeks'good will tour INthrough Indiana and Ohio recently, the Mormon Male Chorus of the Northern States Mission, presided over

OF DISTRICT ATTENDING SOME ENGLAND, MEMBERS THE LEEDS CONFERENCE THE AT BRADFORD, President presentedby Leo J. Muir, ON SUNDAY, 15, 1941. SIX JUNE ONE NINETY SESSION. PEOPLE FINAL HUNDRED ATTENDED THE fortyfive before programs IN service SISTERS A. K. TO GO ON MISSIONS VOLUNTEERED RESPONSE TO OF PRESIDENT THE APPEAL

clubs, churches, schools, conventions, ANASTASI0U.

and other organized groups, and appeared on nine radio programs as well.

Fifteen thousand people heard them in LETTERS FROM THE CHURCH IN ENGLAND alone, the chorus whereDayton was

British of the strengthened. work The airmail envelope postmarkedfeatured the opening of on program

is going forward been have Mission and we in 20, 1941, London June seriesthe of concerts sponsored summer expectations. our beyond AN editorial the of blessed reached desk the ofby Chamber Commerce. the readers our of send Era we To the

7, 1941, Era, ConferThe Midwest Management July The Improvement brighter for love, the hope, prayers and ence, where insurance executives from with these photographs and matefuture.

fourteen states were gathered, was the rials enclosed, explained by this Isabella Macdonald, occasion for their first appearance in note: Glasgow, Scotland.

Indianapolis. of the eveToastmaster

ning,, 19-6-41. We received no special message for the Crane, President Mr. E. A. of Dear Brethren:

Gillespie. Sister bad from Era had She material, sending herewiththe some Life are InsurNorthwestern Mutual

her people from about and news home many WE interest will to of which said, "If be hope livedance everyone we Company, of Belfast in our been have members who the of the readers Era. life ideals of the these young men,by Ditties, blitzed: Darlings, Hislops, Harkins, wish, every good With ratesinsurance considerably be would I Ferrises, Fergusons, McAlphines. "Can yours, Sincerelylower."finish mission branch go and back in my my Sister V. Thomas, G.

scatour been have members assembly among programs given who were Two Secretary. Mission

lost their tered, friends?"wrote and homesat School, Arsenal High which Tech

Office. Pres. Sister Gillespie to the Mission students, enrollmenthas of an 7,000 Greetings!

all Belfast visited the Anastasiou found and largest technicalthe in all high school the to of the friends readers and Era To their safe, lost but have some members

I personally. States.United know Sister Ferris evacuated. homes; have some

the since misConditions changed have visitor to the Indianprominent A Sister lost father her Fee- (nonmember);

left these shores. sionaries from Americaapolis classic Salt Speedway was lost her Frazer (nonmember); husband

of force a twentyseven have we Today suffered are racing shock, butLake's from Jenkins, members mayor, famed some Ab in the steps following British missionaries also at Lions'luncheon, awho, Club sisters. their of brethren and American We well.

Gillespie, the of our Mrs. mother lady the Elders, theattended defended by experiences, lived through harhave many

Word of Wisdom as "essentially the assing, thrilling, miraculous. Some of the missionary, a typical Irish woman, sturdy,

same health advice that would today Saints have suffered in the airraids, losing smiling, with rosy cheeks, said to me:

is; let no, stay she Aggie where "Akh we all chattel, been but have and wonhomes clinic."the prescribedbe by Mayo

all right; let finish mission."her are her derfully injury protected personal from and In of Mirrors"the of "Hall Cinfear- character, of Admirable an example death.cinnati's beautiful Netherlands Plaza grit, lessness, living in courage, a and humloss things the of the hold Although weHotel, chorus the for the sang Kiwanis I three small ble of rooms. cottage very these regard blow, has a great dear been we

Club. Here they were asked to sing trials as a privilege and honor, showing stooped in the passage to gain the street

"Oh, My Father"by a man who exthat we can surmount them. door. "We are not moving; we'll be all

right here. our See shelter; we go in thereplained to the look time deeply that he been forward peace had moved when We

over."Jerry comes with us again a when be can live and this weat the singing of Tabwill by the hymn

ernacle Choir in its weekly broadcasts. normal life again. And a word from our Aggie: "We are

in tracting, quite of success a lot Scott. having our Ethel C. the Cincinnati Rotary Club, At the

tracts as hundred only and a few have we the responsechorus from evoked left, like to difficult us send rather some would under the Although laboring you we chairman for the day that "As long as conditions we British missionaries are doing more. The Whitsun M. I. A. Convention

we have young men like these singers more than just "hold the fort,"which was at Kidderminster promises to be a great who will give two years of voluntary the parting injunction of President Hugh success."(It was.) "I love this district

service for their religious convictions, B. Brown. The Saints are more bound to- (Birmingham) and my happiest moments

America need have no fear."gether; their faith and testimonies are have been spent here."

At Patterson Field near Dayton the members of the chorus were the guests of Major Robert W. Stewart of the

U. S. Army Air Corps, who presented

them in a special concert for the commanding officers stationed there. Here

the chorus sang ten numbers on their BRITISH regular program and received eleven MISSIONARIES encores. Left to right: IsabePa

GilAgnes Macdonald, in the tour completed The chorus lespie, C. Scott. and Ethel

delesinging for the Ohio,Columbus, gates to the National Lumber Sales

Convention, attended by lumbermen from all parts of the United States.

The Mormon Male Chorus was or- 'Conclusion and photograph on page 500) (paqsL #&l yjojinty, (x)/uhAA,

LANDMARKS OF THE PAST REVERIE

T)laces, and names the years fade away places, are the land- A s *- past; of the marks die, fond memories And

dearFaces, ones'faces, mental miniatures You sit all alone last, that And begin wondering why Drifting through the shadows in an endless phantom chain, Yes, why loving friends

Longforgotten stanzas to an old familiar Are all far away;

strain. And you're lost with yourself

At the end of the day.

Strange no big things fill the niches in the

Pantheon of life! The chats filled with laughter

Like unequal handsewn stitches, seaming - Are things of the past, in both joy and strife And you find yourself faced satin,Glowing crimson velvet, without EIGHTEEN FORTYSEVEN With a heavier task reason we align,

Yet one thin thread runs between them, strongwinged eagle from far windThe task of forgetting the unending thread of time. A worn cliffs The gay hours you've spent,

—Kay Burt. AlightsWith theseuponcarveda whitelinedwords likebuffaloskullfaded hieroAndAll thatnowdestiny'sgain anewsent.

glyphs eyesockets, the cracked Above meaningful: So smile to the future, the second, 'fortyseven. here July "Camped

We made eight miles today."The eagle It's not worth a tear;

unfurls Perhaps it shall render

Its farflown wings and skims and soars New friends just as dear.

toward heaven In easy sweep, where the thinfrothed cirrus—Wendell Bradford Terry.

curls.

The eagle labors aloft between the clouds

Which plunge their misty walls to the horizon; Like bleached and billowed sails the seaFarmington, Utah wind crowds,

Improvement Era, And on the desert swift their shadows run.

Salt Lake City, Utah But thosewith slowclay, wagonwheels, tightchoked

Dear Editor: Groaned beneath their loads—eight miles

that day.

Since there has been so much propaganda—James Hammond.

flooding the world today, I thought it might be appropriate to introduce myself LITTLE BUNGALOW IN ENGLAND readers.to your

I and interesting am the most fascinating to that I used bungalow know Little of In fact, there companions. is no one walls thumbmarked and windows With

with whom you would rather spend your low, time;spare yet: V. after day,

I Indeedpany. far, far away. I amam oftenthe mostforcedboringupon comyou YouLittle hauntbungalowmy memoryin England,day

presence.and you go to sleep in my Still I hear can still my mother, see her eyes MY COUNTRY entertaining. roaring "with I keepI am you tears Filled with

laughter, or weeping in sympathy. ears. childish hear her "Cheerio"And in my free, clean and is my country, feel the deepest emotions: I make you all Little guns This in England, bungalow when

'twill and healthful, always Wholesome disgust,admiration, love, reverence, anger, still are hate! to her mate on Full be.to the brim with wonderful gifts,you downI thrillwithyousorrowwith supremeand despair;joy; II inspireweigh And thethe hill,nightingale sinqs

you all with courage, yet I make you feel I'll tuck my memories in the Red, White, Widedrifts.green meadows and high snowafraid. Blue. and

I am honest, truthful, dependable, and Oh, bungalow in England, I'll come back generous with all of my valuable posto you. Deep black caverns filled with ore,

sessions. the yields earth dig it in more. out, but always But be cautious Men my—Bobby Sutherland.

I earth, the heartpresence, for of the gold Liquid from deceive you. lie and would

to religion; I bring I present you your to MY LOVE TO GOD Praises are sung to an oil field's birth.

law. your I canyou almost take you

anywhere in the world. I can tell you of touched a twig into a flame Glittering mountains, towering high,

the the of past future. Furthermore, and fingers clutch at the tipped Their snow * It light or took same! up life-—theI old of will hundreds years proband am sky; little it at first dimly burned, A

live Iably yesterborn was deserts, bare, dry and brown it it as But slowly learned Wide, seemed though farday. forever—yetindeed cities powers your there. beyond I am of nestling With Mormons its light, give and more make wayof there comprehension, but only are a sight. of than few ToRather out going

cannot understand me.who tall, cities, skyscrapers Bustling the breeze and blew, zephyrs The

I I beautiful. simple and am vague am fall, that glory, soon Are manmade it may its all gathered courage And anew

I unreal. inspireand with and you awe prairie, the the give the mountain, But me light. its the weather storm and keep To

I cringewonder. in horror, and make you sky, didn't to fight. intend give the up

chills cold spine.send your down I look with might them worThat on it flickered yet or twice AndIt once

I to belong the mystic, the intangible eye. shipping flickered dimmer, and then dimmer Grew

Iyet everyday, mattercommon, and am thrice, offact. it give Yes, country clean so so then and die; to me as out went though And my

I Yes, great influence have such a over free, the sigh. wind had spoken ending The

still just butyou, me. what you make I am for little Father wise for me. by the you to and Made near, heaven smoke drew A

the "Spirit of the Printed I am Page.""This to soul dear."so God my—Gladys Pratt.—Donald Neff Bagley.—Olive Rose Helton.

$jOjOjcC J>ajuwjcL JubcLLOOKING BACK AT 0WL

By George Gardner May of 1941 a monument was By WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTH INerected to honor and perpetuate the memory of good friend Tuba, the

Hopi Indian of Moencopi.

In the early history of Utah, the

Saints found themselves so far removed from important sources of supplies that they quickly made plans to become selfsupporting. The settlements around

St. George and some of the Northern

Arizona towns were established for the purpose of supplying cotton for the muchneeded cloth. The Hopi Indians

at that time were growing cotton around Moencopi and they were making a good grade of cloth. So the

Mormon leaders conceived the plan of inducing the Indians to expand their cotton crops and help to supply the

Saints. As a part of this plan, a settlement was established near the Indian

SUN, BOLIVIA TIAHUANACO, THE THE GATE OF in the ruins doorway at Tiahuanaco, of Kalasasaya This famous known as the village. Tuba, a Hopi, became a loyal

Gate of the Sun, was shaped from a single block of gray volcanic rock about friend of the Mormons, so they named thick erect, 11 16 inches facing and, standing toward measures by 15 feet, the the new village Tuba City, in his honor. east. originally in the the great crack but it is thought whole, formed It was

upper section at the top of the doorway was probably caused by a bolt of lightning. As time passed there has grown a

surprising is wonderfully This facade ornamented in lowrelief and is considered greater appreciation for this noble Inin carving. primitive a masterpiece

dian and his services to the Mormons in promoting better understanding and more peaceful relations with his own tribe and the Navajos.

As a part of the cotton project at

Moencopi, it was decided to bring Tuba and his wife to St. George and to Washington, nearby, to show them the white

of 1 -: growing cotton and man's ways Mt -

,-. cloth. the Hamblin, Jacob: making -,vV j-v:fev-:l--..<..V-:. r;.'-wx.:/-H-.—:,. t.-.;...;.- / -,.,,,'::—r

.-%:..>'. missionary to the Indians, set out from

HE S?HKffi partyTuba Cityreachedfor theSt. George.Colorado WhenRiver, theat

the present site of Lee's Ferry, they.-,V*Jt'ifSHi8 5 found the river high and exceedingly

ZaPM dangerous.Tuba asked courteously if he might

pray, according to his custom, to the

RUINS PACHACAMAC AT are found what are considered the best known Great Father, before the party atfrom Lima About twentyfive miles ruins in Peru, those of Pachacamac, a great city which flourished here more than tempted to cross. The Indian then

to which years a thousand ago and to the to grimages CreatorGod,it is believedPachacamac.the earlyMyriadscoastal racesof openmadegraves,piltook a bag from his neck and threw pay homage

despoiled by generations of treasure seekers, form small depressions in this region, something from it into the river and skeletons while everywhere skulls and of the city's ancient inhabitants scattered into the air. He prayed that the Indians in the sun. over the land lie bleaching

and their white friend might cross over safely. He explained to the Great

Father that if any of them was lost or should fail to return, their loved ones at home would be very sad and lonely and if any of the animals or the provisions was lost in the river there would be great hardship on the trip.

After crossing safely, the Indian expressed his gratitude in a beautiful, sincere prayer of thanks. The white

missionary tells us in The Life of Jacob

Hamblin that he was impressed by the beauty and sincerity of Tuba's prayer and that he believed firmly that our

Heavenly Father hears and answers prayers and watches over His Indian children. Tuba was surely deserving

of watchful care.

After crossing the river, they proSt. to George. ceeded and Tuba When FORTRESS A GREAT OF SACSAHUAMAN THE OF CORNER THE WALL AT into the cotton seen his wife had made of lies the hill side Sacsahuaman, upon its northern overlooking on Cuzco Joining and

which is erected the great fortress of the same name. The huge stones of the walls are of soft cloth at the factory and had seen the

hills limestone in the a mile or limestone, quarried a ledge from blue more away position. to their present stone wasto thecut northwith wheat made into flour at the mill, they uneven ground over very Every and transported

exact accuracy, smoothed upon all sides, laid without mortar in regular rows, joined to each {Concluded on next page) art, interlocked with nicety, with layer layer such consummate other with such that with 473 perceptible the of centuries frequent earthquakes not dislodged have them in any few exceptions degree.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

Our Good Friend Tuba ( Concluded from page 473

remained silent for some time. They

then said thoughtfully that they could never again be content to spin the yarn with their fingers and grind the corn between two flat stones.

Human nature and human ways change very slowly. The good Indian

and his wife and the good missionary and his wife have long since been dead.

The little cotton factory has altogether vanished. A magnificent steel bridge

now spans the turbulent Colorado.

An excellent highway connects St.

George and Tuba City. Speeding

automobiles carry the children of Tuba appeal delivers stirring president Mission Coordinator, British Brown, ChurchArmy Hugh B. and former now carriedand where weary horses Jacob

living cherish at of standards California, stationed the high Fort Ord, Saint and to maintain men their fathers. the one Perhaps is throughout visiting thing theyto Latterdayreceived before entering President the camps army. army from the Brown now Church

the nation and Ord at Ford welcomed L, D. by was eagerly friendship thethat is the changed has not

branches. on surrounding Ord His visit to Fort was Sunday, MayS. organization25, 1941. there and hy the members from

souls. thesebetween two kindred

As we entered Moencopi on a trip this desert,through enchanted we NEWS FROM THE CAMPS this of of history treasured bitthought that links two fine groups of people, the Chaplain Reuben E. Curtis, Fort The other is a picture of Elder Brown

Latterday Saints and the Hopi Indians. Ord, California, sends two addressing L. D. S. services during his

We had a sudden desire to preserve photos of interest. One is of a recent visit, showing the interior of the

something in memory, something pergroup of returned missionaries at Fort Special Troops Recreation Hall which sonal and vivid. While we sat in the Ord who have been very active. They is used for a chapel. In this chapel

automobile, two children, perhaps five were photographed with Elder Hugh B. are held four different kinds of religious

or six years of age, played in the street. Brown, two branch presidents, and the services—Protestant, L.D.S., Catholic,

—oneThe potentialitiesof these mightof childrenbe anotherare infiniteTuba picturelocal missionaries.are the officersAlsoofincludedthe FortinOrdthe theand ProtestantJewish. Chaplainservice asCurtisregimentalholds

and the other his wife. A photograph L. D. S. young men's organization. chaplain of the special troops and also

of them would be an ideal token. The president of this organization is a the L. D. S. service as Division

As we went to take it, an excited convert. L. D. S. Chaplain.

mother called from the doorway of her low sandstone home. A young Indian

hurried from this home to the adjoining house, and a second mother rushed to the door, and the other child hurried as fast as its short legs would carry it to the protection of its mother. By

that time a large automobile dashed between us and the children and their homes. Two large Indians were in the

automobile. One raised his hands. We

took that to mean that they did not wish to have us take the pictures. We

put the camera away, a little afraid, and, in some confusion, we drove out L. D. FrontS. organization;row, from leftH. toE. right:Larsen, R.SouthD. Kelly,AfricanGermanAustrianC3S-'40); JamesC32-'36);Unopulos,Leopresident,Merrill, secretary,Fort Ord L.FortD. OrdS-.

B. Sessions; President village Brown, Hugh Mrs. C. president, Branch;of A. Watsonville the Indian Dr. home. C. Sessions, organization; toward A. We

Curtis; E. Chaplain R. E. Reuben Mrs. Coordinator; president Mission ChurchArmy and British now former Indians these thatlearned afterward of British Mission formerly Walker, Geo. S. in Central missionary the Curtis, formerly States ('26-'2S); a

and many other primitive peoples and now president Pacific Grove Branch; Richard Crandall, now of the California Mission.

have a belief that harm will come to ister; SecondCharles row,Wright,from Californialeft to right:MissionPhiloC35-'37);E. Henricksen,M. P. Gunnell,Danish MissionBritish MissionC36-'39);('30-'3D;L. ThomasZemmethLong, Hale;chorone who has his picture taken. M. Jensen; J. W. Harper; L. Noyes, Western States C35-'37); E. W. Nielsen, San Juan Stake C39-'41);

J. Harold Call, SpanishAmerican ('37-'40); R. S. Wilcox, now of the California Mission. We have felt sad since leaving this

quaint little village out in the great desert of Arizona, to think that we caused these two mothers alarm and Royalty Visits M. I. A. Conference in Denmark

worry. how we We have wondered

Indians to these From Orson B. West, acting president of had the opportunity to deliver a speech,might communicate

E. Mission, the Elder Danish beliefs of Thomas doctrines explaining the and the befriended parents havewhose may

supervisor Mission of European McKay, Saints. thus the Latterday While the did that take notMormons, we affairs, the 17 received following on July I also the traveling in the country had that children ofpictures the and no inspiring communication: thirty visiting privilege of great about to from any them wouldharm come

actions of ours. During the first part of June, I had families, some of which had not been

The great and mysterious problems the privilege of visiting some of the visited for quite a long time by misof life may, after all, not be solved by branches where good and interesting sionaries or members.

steel bridges or cotton factories or flour meetings were held. The branch at The other day we received some

mills or highways or automobiles, but Aalborg had arranged a concert, ascopies of the May issue of The Imrather by intelligent kindness and betsisted by a local male choir, and the proprovement Era, for which we were ter understanding and friendship such gram performed was wonderful in all very thankful.

as that between Jacob Hamblin and details. Furthermore, the big hall was We have now completed our 10th

Tuba. filled to capacity, a thrilling sight. I (Concluded on page 497)

AS FLEET AS MEMORY CLEANLINESS AUGUST ARCHITECT

By Gwenevere Anderson By La Verne Stallings By Jean Anderson

time the threshing the sweeping sky clean Before me but keep these smells, when Earth WindLET stacks wait His grain swirling hands, its misty With more no

Shakes out the fragrance from the cloak Rain washing the earth clean Like rounded pyramids she wore: The grassy hills and the lands! Against the sky:

Sweet clover's nectared honey, sweet with He shaped each circled base, dew; Pain stripping the heart clean His sure trained eye

Woodsmoke that hangs above the autumn's To keep it unfettered and free, Directing well the hands blue; Tears like rain, cleansing the eyes, That could create

The pungent strength of sagebrush after So the eyes of the soul might see! An amber structure, strong

rain; With living weight

Cedar, whose spice is magic; and the train From billowing fields of wheat

Of meadowgrasses, rustling beneath my And bearded rye;

feet, His bit of earth was yielding

Clinging about me still; but slipping fleet A supply

When I'd recall them from the last fall Far greater than his April weather Estimate.

That day we tramped the fields, we two together. O architect, whose blocks

Were fruitful sheaves, You built far better than You knew, those piles GOD NEVER TIRES WhoseOf curvinggoldenlinesymmetry

Holds harvestbeauty safe By Mildred Goff For one who leaves

The noisy street to walk prodigal is so miles, fragrant Long, God things. his heart, within lovely Keeping With

Each morning comes anew God's clear design.

wings. On shining

faithful The tides, the moon, A DAY IN THE TEMPLE m sunset fires, The LEAVES ON THE seasons'ebb and flow The Astin LIGHT David By tires. never God By Helen McMahan forgivingly, He brings, of yesterday, cares 'he fretful

gifts to men. New I left prairie the behind where a on homestead way me know

I will despair put by this spot; I peaceful, quiet most stands; To maple seasoned A try again. And I if not pardon tints me sunlight So am of changing play The failures mistakes and My soft caressing hands Like forgot, Shall be to to or Inclined till whisper chat the leaves, appear they Among I despair should For why this that, gossip about and linnet's Bright And as wing, a not? does God When said being things and done About lush, All then suddenly and warm

In every land beneath the sun. With deepening shade they bring

A cooling green that makes me think

I come here to meditate, Of sea waves just before

A MOTHER TO HER MISSIONARY And try to help, ere it's too late, They split into an ivory foam

SON Some Whosoulhadwho'sno chancepassedtothisentermortalhere.sphere, I knowAlong mya rockyheart willshore.always sing

By Anna Prince Redd Worry not o'er life's swift paces; TheWithvagrantgladnesslightswhenand Ishadowssee play

places, in holy Stand ye now Within a maple tree.

filled Saints, with church was visit plagues every nationTHE friends to wish him on With his way—When desolation. thereon Spreading

A messenger to foreign lands, Christ's envoy of a latter day. Ye saints of God should now rejoice UNKNOWN

And praise Him with a mighty voice,

With earnest voice he rose to speak, And sing aloud your songs of love By Coursin Black

So humbly proud to be a chosen one; For His rich blessings from above.

I watched his face with tearwet eyes organizes expeditions to penetrate And prayed it were my son.... MANunknown continents,

To probe the frozen mysteries of the AntWhere that boy stood, my son, tonight, arctic,

Stood by the pulpit there A ROSE To explore the vast tropical jungles—

And prayed to be a credit to his Church At Palomar he erects a mighty lens, two

I thank Thee, Lord, Who heard my prayer. By Elsie C. Petersen hundred inches of mechanical perfection

To bring his eyes closer to billions of miles

Give him conviction, courage, faith; Nestled close to a dear little cottage of Infinity....

Humility of mind and soul Is a tiny rose bush fair, Yet we are blind to the everyday miracles

To carry to the mission field; With moss green leaves and sweet perfume, Sunshine that promotes magic growth,

In service make him whole. And exquisite petals fashioned with care. Clouds heralding beauty never equaled by

man, With gratitude this prayer I ask I lingered to look at its beauty Dawn that ushers a new day from Eternity's

In faith that may not lack: So close to the soft warm sod. span,

"When he's no longer needed there, I touched my finger to its heart A child

Lord, send him safely back."And felt the pulse of God. Dreaming by a still pool.

HiiflWflacfi

WHAT PRICE ALCOHOL? quires the habit of refusing most foods, or Saints; the efficacy and sacredness of temthis discourses Prophet that while defying ordinances; of or ple a bit by the

(Robert S. Carroll, M. is Pratt, Parat to Orson what D. ( The "picking"the a loss Brigham Young, mother, know Joseph, who

1941.)Macmillan Company, Pratt, Taylor, Wilford ley P. to do. WoodJohn

is in ruff, of intellisolving real others, help such a on the eternity This and book safe discussion is a sane and It to the soul; conofThis the attempting immortality problem. and of the a shows gence how

especially as it relates alcohol problem, is futile it leads pertaining to since to child references eat force a and cordance to the brain and nervous system, the most to family strife and confusion and little food temples, temple work, and kindred hisimportant part of man. The author has had is ever made use of when the child is in this torical subjects."

a lifetime of experience with alcohol admood. Such habits should be prevented While not an official publication, this

dicts, and has the right to speak with if possible and corrected as soon as poscompilation will find wide use and ready authority. sible, for no child may be well nourished acceptance as a reference work and for

The causes of the alcohol evil are outif he has not learned to eat all good food the enlightening reading that some parts of lined in convincing terms. The effects of as it is put before him. Mothers should it offer, from sources that are not readily or

that evil, misery the general alcoholthe those problem. of available conveniently to most learn now to master such a

in its faithfully unpicturedfollows, are vital subjects. in these are interested D. W. who—I.

cure horrible butexaggerated, colors. The L. E. is—R. knowledge, and modernis based upon

convincing. The craving for artificial DARVILL'S PARLIAMENTARY

stimulation is traced back to faulty methods LAW AND PROCEDURE A FIELD GUIDE TO WESTERN in of the living, especially province nuof BIRDS Darvill, Fred San (Published T. by

is intrition. correcting found cure The Illustrated. pages.) Francisco. Peterson. 64 T. (Roger

habits. nutritionalimproper Boston, Mifflin Houghton Company, of the to argument Clinging main 1941'simplification and pocket $2.75.) pages. 240 summary the This is of suggestions valuable a massbook

for rules accepted generally of the life. help incidentalrelative to This family

the in to societies, guide birds Mountain assoRocky conducting organizing and This justify fathers aloneto mothers would and will assemblies, ciations, found very area, the the Pacific be Coast, and Southand this unusually of writing readingthe and in reference longfelt as helpful guide Easily and a need. handy answers a westfine book.

this this meetings. of illustrated, will Church freely While written and book day many scientific, strictly accurate and While

parliawith the not conform procedures professional satisfy the bedo both and is in language, written everyman'sthe book called are of us procedure, illustrations naturalist. include mentary most ginning The at propaganda. attemptwithout The

capacities outside in illustrations, function to fortyof forty halftone pages many upon discuss chapters fascinating simplytwenty this activities concise in full the six line pages. cuts, color which Church, eight and the forcefullyyet which methods by man

in help, as as well of great illustrations, for be to addition these would one In work healthy in healthy a preserve mind amay in the within business Church, expediting written exceedhas author every bird—thebody.

groups. discussion class organizations pictures, clear and comingly which word make is wisely, It dealing splendid book, a

E. L. foolproof. prehension—R. difficult subject. a with courageouslyyet

is appropriately attractively and book The user the alcohol frankly asks authorThe it that into a slipped pocket be so can bound training college with he "awhether FAITH OF THE it WORD available. to readily a or handbag makekindergarten A. W. hasemotions."-—/. Press, Massachusetts, Concord, (Concord ]. C.—M.

1941. 379 pages $1.50.)

"HISTORIC BEARING RECORDS AMERICA WESTERN AGRICULTURE ANDON and Carl Coke Rister. GRAZING THEscripture"publishersas describe"the essencethis of"simplifiedthe Old (LeRoy R. Hafen IN UTAH"ECOLOGY

Illustrated. their ethical in PrenticeHall, Apocrypha, and Testament Inc., New

Stewart. Journal of(Dr. George 1941. the values,"York, King 698 pages. $3.65.) based on and doctrinal

April,Forestry, 1941.) and Septuagint Version, with the James

of rather history comprehensive translation used being "where the Douay This is article historically important this is "It clarity."greater first they hoped provide part the deals in Western AmericaIN

of early and a wealth compressed Utah the prothat of rearrangement also Books that the forces early the enof with book in factors history. determiningIdaho The historical perspective a clearer and vides civilizathe of the into tered making new

settlements described. the arelocating early of duplications."Compiled alike avoidance by the tion. Spaniard French and began

or for agricultural success reasonsThe this for rearrangestudents, students, and the the exploration vast region from of given. in the settlementsfailure are The will of opinion the scriptures in our inment Mississippi those westward. But whose

first early settlethe settlers oftimes and limited in genvalue of use and limited be Englishthe fluence widest spread were was conforage enumerated. arements The eral, to interest the but will be of folk in of gold, search wellspeaking came who

pioof the time of theditions country at student of Testaadvanced grounded, Old the into then homes, new, fur, and and neer settlement are stated in the words of ment scripture. R. L. E. unexploited, west. Their response to the

travelers. the pioneers Evidently,early themselves they found in which world made

tobuilt according settlements an wisely and this typically than region American more to grateful areintelligent Dr. plan. HIGH We TEMPLES MOST OF THE regions stemmed. they the from which had

interesting of for presentationStewart Publisher. Compiler and (N. B. Lundwall, the authoritatively treat authors deThe

painstaking A. W. illustrated. $2.00.) 1941. 358 pages, section the of of the west: velopment each work.—/.this

old Southwest, the old Northwest, the Louisrecent contains a wide publication exploration, consequent Purchase and ianaFEEDING OUR OLDFASHIONED This illustrations final incluof the the acquisition variety of Oregon, and materialsCHILDREN to temples, the the of pertaining Latterday developtheir sion Union, Texas into (C. Andersen Aldrich and Mary M. physical and historical aspects, and their ment of California, the settlement of the

Aldrich. Macmillan Co.) spiritual significance. Mormons in the Great Basin, the settling

The title page records that this work of Iowa, Minnesota, the Dakotas, and Wyoimportant, is most finally is resulted the culture that dedicatory and ming, "a compilation of: The

in the the they present of old form in of temples erected from theThefor feedingupon theof childrenfood habits and new, prayers amalgamation infancy and young childhood depends dispensation; their historical and physical English with the Spanish and the French.

much of their health in later life. If they description; faithpromoting incidents and Since history should be a personal interlearn to eat the right kind of food, served manifestations of divine acceptance; serpretation and response as well as a recital

regularly, their health may be assured. mons and historical data pertaining to of facts, these authors have done an estiOften, however, and for unaccountable temples which are yet to be erected; informable work in this book, which all who

reasons to the mother, the child may refuse mation pertaining to records and historical would understand America should read.

to eat the food provided and gradually acplaces that are held sacred by Latterday—M. C. ].

JO2 1B%urcrmoves

Hollywood Bowl Awaits Augusta Winters Grant Looks

Tabernacle Choir Ahead at Eightyfive "\\ 7idespread publicity is being given A nticipating another year as rich in ** the coming of the Tabernacle 'v* experience as each of the fourChoir to California, where it will apscore and five she had just completed, pear in concert in the Hollywood Bowl Augusta Winters Grant, wife of Presion Wednesday evening, August 20, and dent Heber J. Grant, was paid loving

in the San Francisco civic auditorium on tribute by family and friends on July 7

August 21. Local stake and mission as she observed her eightyfifth birthleaders comprise a joint committee preday anniversary. An informal dinner

paring for the event. The Choir, which at the Lion House attended by members

in July entered its thirteenth year of of the family and General Authorities continuous nationwide broadcasting, of the Church commemorated the ocfirst sang in the famed Bowl in 1926 and casion. Noted for her everpresent

last made a personal appearance in calm and wise administration of family

California in 1936 at the Century of affairs, "Aunt Augusta,"as she is faProgress Exposition in San Diego. miliarly known, has the affection and

admiration of the membership of the

WINTERS A GREATGRANT AND greatgrandmother, Church. a TodayChurch Makes First AUGUSTAGRANDSON, RICHARD WILLIAMS, ON JUDD she is as an inspiring remembered HER EIGHTYFIFTH BIRTHDAY.Beautification Award

in of sixty teacher schoolrooms humble of the North Mrs. Jane C. WeaverHPo ago, before her marriage to Presin years of the northwest S. Hospital L. D.

Stake, Ensign "* Twentieth in 1884. Ward, ident Grant Idaho Falls. is proceeding on Work

the Church Beautification Committee schedule, it is announced, and construcSister Grant was born in Pleasant in July made the first award for 1941 tion will likely be completed by fall. Grove, July 7, 1856, daughter of Oscar

in the Churchwide program for improvApproximately $40,000 has been paid and Mary Ann Winters, pioneers from ing home surroundings. The award is in wages to workmen of the upper valNew England.

made to home owners who achieve ley since work started. An average of

seventy of the following one hundred sixty men have been employed daily. Harold B. Lee Heard on

points: cleanup, twenty points; condiChurch of the Air

points; buildings, Clerk Serves oftioning twenty Ward "True on Cpeaking Patriotism—An

*** conprinciples, points; thirtylandscape Nearly Lifespan of Faith,"Expression Elder Harold

trees, points; ten the lawn,dition of the of the of Council Twelve, B. Lee clerk of TLTenry Ballard, Vincent neatness, points. and Cleanliness,ten 6, heard Sunday, on Columwas July the for South Cottonwood Ward effortparticularly are emphasized bia's Air, of the nationwide Church years, sixtyone birth has recorded the large of the than expenditurerather radio following immediately program later the of bishops served. of he two in the improvemaking of moneysums regular the the of Tabernacle broadcast set eightyone-yearold clerk The wasment. Choir. Lee's address Elder marked in apart Francis 1880, by Lyman M. beautiparticipating in the Families this third that the time the year Church since time has served he which under their callfication should ward program this program. has appeared on eight bishops the kept record has and reto are they readycommittees when

ceive a rating. of ward families through three genSculpture for Idaho

his erations. time with and Generous Baptismal Font Approved

also Ballard has been Henry Falls To talents, TempleIdaho models designed of oxen chorister, f ifesize of dramatics, manager ward *L*'Fall byBe Ready for support of by Torlief Knaphus teacher, dance committeeman, ward "\X7orkmen now are erecting the and M. I. A. secretary. On his release the baptismal font at the new Idaho

"* ninetyfoot tower on the $550,000 as ward clerk recently, he and his wife, Falls Temple have been approved.

Idaho Falls Temple, which overlooks Annie E. Ballard, were feted at a ward Four copies of each of the three modthe Snake River from its sevenacre site testimonial. elled oxen will be cast to form the traditional circle of twelve underneath the

font. Mr. Knaphus, among other Church

commissions, sculptored the oxen

Through the courtesy of the Namodels for the baptismal fonts in the tional Park Service and for the benefit Canadian and Arizona temples, and the visitors to of the Yeland enjoyment

L. Park, S. Angel Moroni monument atop the Hill D. National lowstone

services are being held each Sunday Cumorah.

evening at 7:00 p. m. at the Mamcontinuing Chapel, Hot Springs moth

7, The servDeseret Industries 1941. until September

the auspices of ices are under the Opens New Store States of the missionaries Northwestern for the convenience Mission, Saints who ofspendthe "P\eseret Industries, an important Latterday many their vacations in Yellowstone Park. branch of the Church Welfare

Program engaged in reconditioning merchandise of all kinds for resale at low cost, has opened its tenth store.

THE MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS Operating at 328 South Main Street

CHAPEL, AND INSET, THE MISin Salt Lake City, the new retail unit

SIONARIES OF THE BUTTE CONDUCT THE is the largest of those maintained by DISTRICT WHO

SERVICES, FROM LEFT TO the Industries for the distribution of its

RIGHT, ELDERS WRIGHT AND remade goods. JEX, SISTER ELDERS MAURER,

DAVIS AND MAW. (Continued on page 478)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

::::.'...:..:..:::::::::.:::::&&

The Church Moves On ( Continued from page 477) Prominent Churchwoman, Composer, Passes gEATRicE Farley Stevens, member of the General Board of the Na-

L. ELRAY CHRISTIANSEN, Relief Society, tional Women's the LEFT, SUCCEEDED WILBYGeneral Church Music Committee, L. and LIAM RIGHT, WARNER,

AS PRESIDENTwife OF THE of Stringam A. Stevens of the TEXAS MISSION.Y. M. M. I. A. General Board of and

the General Church Welfare Committee, died June 19, after an illness of several months.

For thirty years in ward, stake, and general capacities, auxiliary organizations of the Church received her unselfish services. Long identified with

musical activities, Mrs. Stevens was religious services Richardson at Fortwidely for known her original comseveral where of the New President Goes memberspositions, including both words and nearby,

music. Only a few days before her Church are stationed. To Texas Mission

death she had completed a new song "\17illiam L. Warner of Richfield,

for the Relief Society Centennial next *"Utah, a member of the Sevier year. Last February she wrote a prizeStake presidency, has been appointed

winning school song for the University to succeed EIRay L. Christiansen as

of Utah. head of the Texas Mission. With Sister

Mrs. Stevens was born in Ogden, Warner and three of their seven chilMay 27, 1885. Besides her husband dren, he was scheduled to leave for

she is survived by a daughter, Virginia headquarters in Houston late in July.

Stevens Reichman, and a son, Robert Richfield of former mayor and a A

S. Stevens. president past of the State MuniUtah

Church Opens Branch in servedcipal League,the ChurchPresidentas a missionaryWarner hasto

Leading Alaskan City the Hawaiian Islands, as bishop of the

Pormation of a branch of the Church Richfield Second Ward, as a member in Anchorage, largest city in of the Sevier Stake high council and

Alaska, took place on May 25, under stake presidency, and as an officer in the direction of Elders Lester F. Hewvarious Church auxiliaries.

lett and Clifton B. Thomas, of the Elder Christiansen, retiring mission

Northwestern States Mission. The president, will return with his family to

Anchorage Branch was organized with Logan, where he will resume teaching

Joseph H. Tippets, president, and H. in the Logan Seminary.

O. Johnson and Wells Bowen, counselors. D. W. Ogden had been preMarion G. Romney Named

siding Elder of the local Saints, who to Welfare Position had been MARION meeting at various homes.

First public meeting was held on March THEG. ROMNEY,WELFARE WHOPROGRAMWILL SERVE *"'"Olderof theMarionBonnevilleG. Romney,Stake andpresidentone of

23, and regular Sunday School work Missionary work also continues at the five assistants to the Council of the began only last April. Upon invitation, Fairbanks, as to serve has been called by LesTwelve, Alaska.—Reportedthe missionaries occasionally conduct ter F. Hewlett, assistant Jr. director of the managing

Elder Program. Welfare Church SPECIAL MOTHER'S DAY SERVICES AT THE ANCHORAGE, ALASKA, SCHOOL SUNDAY the Council of Harold B. Lee of the Thunncl. Photo by Fred

Twelve continues as managing director.

Elders Thomas E. McKay, Clifford

E. Young, Alma Sonne, and Nicholas

G. Smith, the four other assistants to

the Council of the Twelve, have been appointed advisers to the Welfare committee.

Old Pioneer Route Being Reconstructed 'Y\Jork has begun on the reconstruc- * tion of the old pioneer mail route between Bear Lake Valley and Cache

Valley as part of the program of the

Franklin County chapter of the Daughters of the Utah Pioneers to conserve early pioneer landmarks. Stone markers will outline the trail to its end at

the head of Cub River, where a monument will be erected. This marks the

trail of the first communication between

Cache Valley and Bear Lake Valley known as the Shoshone trail.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

O. D. Romney, Pioneer

Church Worker, Dies rson Douglas Romney, 80, pioneer - lumber executive and leader in many Church activities, died June 16 in Salt Lake only three days following the death of his wife, Emma F. Romney, 79, herself an active Church

worker.

Born in Salt Lake City on August 15, 1860, Elder Romney knew early

Church leaders intimately. His grandfather, Miles Romney, helped build the

Nauvoo Temple, and his father figured prominently in the construction of buildings in Salt Lake now rich in historical interest. With his father, Elder

Romney founded the Romney Lumber

Company.

His Church services include two missions to New Zealand, once as mission president, and numerous positions in the Ensign Stake.

Surviving him are two daughters,

Mrs. Antoine R. Ivins and Mrs. Shirl

Y. Clawson; and two sons, O. D. Romney, Jr., and Melbourne Romney.

BASEL, ERECTED SWITZERLAND, OF PRESIDENCY DURING THE THOMAS New Wards OrganizedRelief Society Names INL.E. D.193940McKAY.S. CHAPEL, SURROUNDBEAUTIFUL SET IN THENew Board Member PARK, A PUBLIC INGS OF

IN OWNED CHAPEL THE SWISSIT IS THEMISSION.FIRST CHURCH- A division of the St. Anthony First

"Driscilla L. Evans, wife of Elder Ward, Yellowstone Stake, saw the forFrank Evans, secretary for finance mation of the St. Anthony Third Ward

to the First Presidency, has been apfor the presentation. The pageant, corecently with R. Dean Baird as bishop.

pointed to the Relief Society General directed by Harold I. Hansen and Karl The Homedale Branch has been orBoard. For three years she directed J. Wood, is an adaptation by Dr. H. ganized into the Homedale Ward,

Relief Society activities in the Eastern Wayne Driggs from the Book of MorNampa Stake, with Elmer C. Barlow

States Mission and since 1937 has mon. Mission president Gustave Iveras bishop.

served as corresponding secretary of son was in charge of the conference. (Continued on page 499)

the National Council of Women. In

addition to service in long Church work, MISSIONARIES ARRIVEDLEAVING JUNEFOR THE16, FIELD1941—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTJUNE LAKE25, 1941MISSIONARY HOME board for severalthe new was member

terms chairman of the Salt Lake County Rolla FirstDean row,Richey,left Kayto right:A. Schwendiman,Grant W. Heath,Keith WillardH. Clarke.B. Wilkinson, Marshall A. McEntire, Lloyd S. Sandberg,

chapter, American Red Cross, and was Second row: Leo S. Gerrard, Oreta Keaton, Alberta Farrimond, Rachel Christensen, President Don B. Colton,

a member of the board of directors and Fern Kitchen,Third row:KathleenWilNamHulet,E. Berrett,June Gleave,GeorgeWilliamMcMillan,Romney.Lynn Jenkins, Dorothy Miller, Ethel Jones, Lillian Lee,

treasurer of the Neighborhood House Maxine Miller, Marshall Ericson, Joseph Allen, Lyle E. Wtiitmer.

in Salt Lake. Both she and Elder Evans Spear, FourthVirginiarow:McQuarrie,Aden V. ElizabethJohnson, NeilWalker,H. Christensen,Claire Bolton,LucianGeraldMelvinN. Christensen.Mecham, Harold Perry Porter, Constance

are members of the Utah State Bar. Fifth row: Lee Winn Buttars, George Golden Stewart, Lillian Morley, Ruby Hasler, Albert A. Madsen,

Robert R. McKay, Charles C. Orr, Joseph Stobbe.

Massed Choirs Sing in Muir, SixthJosephrow:F. Patrick,Tyler A. W.Woolley,StanfordC, BrainDurrant,O'Neil,JosephHaroldPerschon.M. Stander, Calvin Guest, Grant Mann, T. Richard

Annual Festival Home,SeventhDonaldrow:Turner.Mark R. Cram, William N. Wale, Fred R. Green, Glen E. Cracroft, Glenn L. Somisen, Gail B.

Tn the final concert of the ChurchIsraelson,EighthHarryrow:Postschlag.Orville Hancock, Alvin W. Barlow, Rex Sessions, Jack L. Huish, Robert F. Daynes, Floyd V.

wide music festival conducted during C. Knaphus.Ninth row: Karl Caldwell, Earl R. Watts, Edwin C. Dean, Grant Fisher, Max Carleton Garr'ck, Andrew

the past season by the Church General Tenth row: R. Vernon Ricks, Robert Burton Ward, Robert Van Drimmelen, M. Dee Smith, Paul Toronto,

Music Committee, one hundred ward Kent EleventhWerner. row: Kenneth R. Krey, D. Leon Johnston, Stuart M. Maiiookin, Donald C. Hughes, Wallace H. Allen.

choirs participated in the second annual massed choir music festival in the

Tabernacle June 18. Taken from the

collection Festival Anthems, which has been prepared by the committee to raise music standards, each number was under the direction of one of nine different stake conductors and }. Spencer Cornwall, director of the Tabernacle Choir.

Cumorah Forms Setting for Book of Mormon Pageant N owEasterna regularStatesfeatureMissionof the conferannual ence at Palmyra, the sacred pageant, "America's Witness for Christ,"was this year presented the nights of July 11 and 12, with 50,000 attending. An

openair amphitheatre on the slopes of the historic hill furnished the setting fcdtiifiiaL he will always have the right of choice. It is true

that he may always repent so long as he doesn't let <wsl 2Ua. 3U$sl oa, Ksl QhaoAQA, himselfIt is truedescendthat webelowshall alwaysthe possibilityhave theof opportunityrepentance.

fUiTE commonly heard among us is the person to better ourselves and just because we made a who loudly proclaims his right to live his life bad choice yesterday is no reason why we cannot as he chooses, regardless of what anyone else thinks make a better decision today.

about it. His contention is that his life is his own, But it is also true that making bad choices has

and what he does with it is none of anyone else's its permanent effect upon our lives, and no man is going to progress business. Usually he recognizes, in part at least, who makes many bad choices

the restraints of the civil law, because he wants to as far as the man who consistently makes good keep out of the hands of those who are sworn to choices, because there is no other life in which life which uphold it. But beyond that, he says that no moral the work of this life may be done—that

law or social convention or public opinion or priis to come will have its own work to be accomvate counsel is going to have any effect on his way plished, its own decisions to be made, its own lost to time journeys achievements won, and be and it. of care doesn't knows he who living—and all direction in traveled are the subtracted wrong fool of a dislike to see make a man as we Much

possibilities highest of from the measure our even leavto ourselves himself, bring could perhaps we lies us. eternity JR. before L. E. it though to his individual ing of this type own devices—if

weren't for the effect his life has upon others. It

is for this very cause that the Scriptures enjoin gudgjL 7loL itself, also but to avoid evil only not us that not simple ye be not to "abstain aJudge judged"—these (I evil."Thessalonians all of appearance from quietly spoken were words ago many centuries

or there woman world ) In all the is no man 5:22. carpenter as a simple preaching His by He began

living daily his do the acts of that inconspicuous so their softly paths of dusty Judea. on the Today

not in greater or less degree influence the acts of spoken accents thunder in our ears for their pertiothers. Mass psychology, moral force, and other nence to the present situation.

like powerful factors affecting human conduct all And in the overtones of their simplicity goes all enter the picture. If a man advertises his unbethe experience of man from the beginning of life

coming conduct, his associates and especially the on this earth to its last dim footsteps before it shall young and impressionable, and those who are easily be celestialized. Man, at best, is human, gloriled, may thereby have their own resistance lowered. ously human. His spirit is immortal. In his huEven the least of us does not fail to be observed. manity, he has the power to achieve magnificently

And the higher the place a man reaches the greater and to fail miserably. In man's enduring hunger

matter. in this is his responsibility The writer err; struggle for advancement of and he may he may

delicately, but imit, not expressed Ecclesiastes spirit is eternal, mistakes. Although man's make

pressively, when he said "a little folly"in him that it is encased in a mortal body, directed by a finite has a "reputation for wisdom and honor,"sends mind. In man's struggle, he cannot see completely

forth "a stinking savour,"(Ecclesiastes 10:1) to the end, and therefore goes astray at times.

which all boils down to the conclusion that our Each of us has his faults. Each of us suffers

lives are our own only up to that point where we from misconceptions. From year to year, each

for Authority affect of others. the lives to begin things nearly could of us sees be done more how

that implication scriptural every man this is the to divine out for the is according plan laid mankind.

his brother's keeper, and since almost anything that Because this is true, how unfair it is for some of us a man would or could do has its effect, not only to criticize others for mistakes, for errors.

the to back others, come but upon himself we talking other the day, group was of women A evil, also but only must that not thought we avoid it terribly said that hard one has been and woman the very appearance of it, lest others, seeing us, take for her to appreciate that some of the leading peolicense for themselves. ple in our Church, such as bishops, stake presiAnd this is our answer—or part of it, at least dents, and some of the other high officers of the

to those who proclaim their right to do as they Church made mistakes. For a time it had almost

please, regardless of the consequences.—/?. L. E. destroyed her faith in the principles of the Gospel

because she saw that some of its officers could not fisucojUAut Qua, <Xdaaca* quite abide by that which they preached. Now she

had come to realize that all of us on earth are strugYkjE are constantly facing critical decisions, some gling to attain perfection, as we have been directed.

of which we recognize as such, and some of She has now come to a realization that all have which seem relatively of little importance, but which faults—that is part of being human, but that one of

may have farreaching effects. It is quite characthe most serious faults lies in deliberately setting out

teristic of humankind that whenever we pass up to do malicious wrong. So each of us must realize

an opportunity or make a bad decision, there is that even as we want our own shortcomings to always something of a secret hope and feeling in be considered mercifully, we must also judge not cur hearts that our mistakes are not conclusive the failures of others.

that there will come again to us the possibility of It is strange, isn't it, that the simple words of the making other choices to offset the ones on which Master should have such vibrant meaning over we have defaulted. nineteen hundred years after He said them quietly

In a limited sense this is true. It is true that a to some of His followers on a Judean hillside.

man never ceases to live. It is true that, inherently,—M. C. /.

of those invited to share in the experiences of earth.

But, in that Great Council, his personal ambitionEvidences and and love of power overcame him. He pitted his

own plan and will against the purposes of God.

He strove to gain the birthright of his elder brother,reconciliations Jesus the Christ. When his proposition was rejected, he forsook all that he had gained, would not

xl. 9a, JhsihSL cl (p&A&anaL OswiLl repent of his sin, defied truth, and of necessity lost

his place among the followers of God. He was no

'"Phe devil has not escaped modern attempts to longer Lucifer, bearer of truth, who walked in light, in darkuntruth, slinked teacher of Satan, who beliefs. howbut "Mormonism,"explain away old

all the ness. and became enemy who He of God to answer the baffling it easy ever, has found according the Lord's to commandments. to walk question about the nature of the devil. try

in Pitifully third of the assembly, that vast one

The beings in the "spirit world"-—whence huspirits present supported Satan and became enemies

manity comes—are alike in that they possess the of the truth that they formerly cherished. With

right of free agency; they are unlike in that they him these rebellious spirits lost their fellowship

do not choose, nor have they chosen alike. Consewith the valiant sons of God. What is more, they

quently, the inhabitants of the spirit world, as in our lost the privilege of obtaining bodies of flesh and world, with the same beginnings and opportuniblood without which they cannot gain full power ties differ in the degree or stage of their develover the forces of the universe. In the face of that

opment. There is therefore in the spirit world as defeat, and that curse, they have sought from

on earth a gradation among individuals in knowlAdam to the present time to corrupt mankind and edge and power from the lowest to the highest, defeat the Lord's purposes.

from the least advanced to the God who represents The story is well told in modern revelation:

all knowledge, power, and good. Those who lag

behind in the march towards progression are not And I, the Lord God, spake unto Moses, saying: That

necessarily evil. They are chiefly enemies to themSatan, whom thou hast commanded in the name of mine

selves as they loiter along the highway of eternity, Only Begotten, is the same which was from the beginning, here me, am I, send saying—Behold,though they do hinder the purposes of the Lord who andI willhe becamethy beforeson, andme mankind, I will redeem all that one

seeks the ultimate salvation of all His children. soul shall not be lost, and surely I will do it; wherefore give

The inequality or gradation among those who me thine honor. But, behold, my Beloved Son, which was

dwell in the domain of spirits is clearly set forth in my Beloved and Chosen from the beginning, said unto me the Book of Abraham: Wherefore,Father, thy becausewill be done,that Satanand therebelledglory beagainstthine me,forever.and

sought to destroy the agency of man, which I, the Lord God,

And the Lord said unto me: These two facts do exist, had given him, and also, that I should give unto him mine

that there are two spirits, one being more intelligent than the own power; by the power of mine Only Begotten, I caused

other; there shall be another more intelligent than they; that he should be cast down; and he became Satan, yea, even

I am devil, lies, father the of all to deceive to blind and men,

.. to lead will, captive his. Nowthe Lordthe thyLordGod,has Ishownam moreuntointelligentme, Abraham,than theythe all.inandthe at them as would even as many

telligences that were organized before the world was; and not hearken unto my voice. (Pearl of Great Price, Moses,

among all these there were many of the noble and great ones; 4:1-4.)

these souls that theyand good, stood saw were and he God it to that pass came And the being of devil tempted Adam,

Iin said: midst the of will them, he and These make my behold, the devil before rebelled for he was Adam,—for,rulers; for spirits, that stood those he were and among he against saying, thine me, is honor, Give which power; me my that they said good;saw were unto and he me: Abraham, third also part a of the and hosts of turned heaven from away artthou of one them; thou before chosen wast thou wast their of because agency; thrust me they and down, were andborn. of (Pearl Price, Great of 22, 3:19, Abraham, Book thus the devil his came angels. and (Doctrine Covenants, and also,23; see 3:1623.)

29:36, 37.)

there stood And them one among that was he those Another class of beings, using free agency imand said unto him: with who were likeWeuntowillGod,goproperly, are of more serious concern. A being may down, for there is space there, and we will take of these

choose wisely and well, throughout ages of existmaterials, and we will make an earth whereon these may will and if prove herewith, we to see will them they untilence, great progress has achieved, been all things and dwell;do whatsoever their the Lord shall command Godthen turn against he actively truth and become may them; first they and their estate keep shall who be added

opposed to that which made his rise possible and upon; and they who keep not their first estate shall not have

to those with whom he was formerly associated. glory in the same kingdom with those who keep their first

estate; they and their keep estate shall who second glory have isThat not an experience uncommon among human

their added for heads upon ever ever. the and Lord Andbeings, occurs also in which the spirit world. Such said: I shall send? like one answered Whom And untoa change, or apostacy, results from sin—negligence Son of Man: Here am I, send me. And another answeredthe

of duty, ambition, greed, selfishness, jealousy, imand said: Here am I, send me. And the Lord said: I will

first. the the second And angry, his and kept was notpurity, defeat acts that or any of the many progress. sendfirst estate, at and, that day, followed after many him.Such persons of truth, enemies become opponents (Pearl of Price, Great of 3:2428.) Book Abraham,

to progress, ready to use evil to defeat good. They

become personified evil. It is universal experience that he who apostatizes

The story of Lucifer is the most terrible example from truth is never quiescent. He is impelled by his

of such apostacy. Lucifer, son of the morning, own evil conscience to justify himself; and there is

through diligent search for truth and the use of no justification equal to winning followers to his it, had become one of the foremost in the assembly own sinful life. He knows {Concluded on page 511)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

Joseph Smith Building the man of God who founded Brigham Young University sixtysix years ago were

IFto walk over the Upper Campus today, he would have reason to feel pleased at the progress being made. For this year has seen the completion there of a stately building named in honor of the Prophetfounder of the Church and designed to develop character and spirituality.

Brigham Young instructed that practical training for vocational success be given at the institution; but he admonished that the spirit of God should pervade all the teaching.

In harmony with these injunctions, the splendid Joseph Smith building has been erected to serve as the center of the religious life of the University. It has a spacious hall for

devotional exercises, Sunday School, Mutual Improvement sessions, and concerts of exalting music; classrooms for religion and supporting subjects; an attractive ballroom,

lounges, and banquet halls for social development of a high order.

The addition of these and other facilities, with a strengthened faculty, make Brigham Young University better able than ever to carry out the desires of the founders of the Church and of the Institution.

Brigham Young University is founded on the faith that man can become Godlike and the world can become better. The attempt is constantly made to reveal to the student ways to develop the resources of personality in order to serve efficiently, live richly, and progress eternally.

Standard University Training at Moderate Cost

NO OUTOF-STATE FEES Autumn Quarter Registration—September 26, 27, 29

For catalogue,BRIGHAMaddress The President YOUNG

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

DEFENSE Looking into the Future...

is not achieved in six DEFENSE months of hectic bustle or six years. America and her democratic liberties will need protection

in all her generations. And the permanent security that is her due will

come, not merely from tanks and planes, not merely from men hastily trained to fabricate and serve the warmachines, but from citizens fully trained in body, mind, and heart.

Even under stress of a national crisis, government officials recognize how vital to national security are thoroughly and highly developed persons. Alluding to "the tendency

of students to enroll in short defense training courses instead of completing their regular college curricula,"

John W. Studebaker, Commissioner

of the U. S. Office of Education, stresses the fact that "the demand of industry for fully trained professional

personnel in all the fields related to national defense is already greater than the supply, and the need for these fully trained men is going to be greater with the passing years."

America will have genuine security only while her people can look at their fellowcitizens and think, "These men and women inspire confidence because they have characWINDOWS AND VISTAS ter."It is this rugged foundation of Tall windows that reveal inspiring views are one

character that Brigham Young Uniof the most pleasing features of the Joseph Smith building. They frame such imposing sights as forversity seeks to lay, through direct estskirted Mount Nebo and the soaring upsweep

and indirect religious and spiritual of Mount Timpanogos.

training. Then upon this bedrock it of Theselife thatwindowsopen beforemay symbolizestudents theat theenlargedChurchvistasUnihelps young men and women erect versity. More fruitful than the rich green farms and

orchards about the campus, more exalting than the structures of specialized knowledge views of snowcrowned mountains, are the glimpses demanded by a technological age. of possibilities for mental and spiritual growth which

unfold before the earnest student.

PROVO, UTAHUNIVERSITY, "Scholarship - Spirituality - Character"

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

SOME VIEWS ON HOME CANNING

By Ethel Hudson For the good of your "Camilies who know the value of good diet, but who have to watch their clothes! pennies,summer byhaveimprovingbusied themselvesevery availablethis

Perhaps it IS hard to believe that a soap s: square foot of ground. They know

rough on dirt can be so gentle with clothes... that a daily diet, well planned and well

even the most delicate of fabrics and colors. BuS cooked, is worth more than a whole

of it's the "Pyro"more, What's true PAR! full pink of cabinet pills, and in medicine

ring end washtub prevents and scum Par Soap the that practically learned they have rinsing and complete. quick makes

entire and supply food be grown may ', produced in their own backyard. Aches

;D s* For the good of your butand theypainsareareeasilynot alwayspreventedeasilyby cured,using

a well balanced diet of good, wholesome, nourishing foods, containing the "Regular,"conhands! vitamins, minerals and bodybuilding

health. 24 taining to necessary elements buoyant IN in if be it, it would no glycerine had Even PAR of soap, all, storethe Children, of need most ouncesand this ingrehand-lotion But the hands. on easy "Giant,'containthat minerals of vitamins and house to tender smooth, kinder it even dient makes ing 50 ounces, garden, properly backyard a from come you'll on keep just Par, once, skin. and Try

of piece and a SIZES for. it. cared planned and using Pottery. Parma

That poor diets are inexcusable has been proved by a recent government survey which showed that families who enjoy the best diet spend little more in actual cash for food than those who have insufficient diet. The difference

DELIGHT YOUR FAMILY liesFamiliesin thewithfoodsthe bestproduceddiets growat home.more

as as twice at home much food with this delicious than diets. These inadequate those with

3 or ORANGE muchbetterfedmilk, familiesone anduseonehalfthree timestimes asas much meat, poultry, and eggs, and almost twice as much vegetables, fruits, CAKE SPONGE foods. other and homegrown

prize this a real winner cake votes Everybody when plan is to production plan food To all Special Flour. with Cake 'Al"Globe Make &>,m Jnpv iTV made diet. to for According balanced Ex- a

your cakes with Globe "Al"Cake Flour. You'll get tension Service reports, the value of

light, tender, velvety cakes that stay foods canned and preserved in the home csh and moist much longer'last year would have cost more than twentyone million dollars if purchased

RECIPE ON PACKAGE over the counter. A quarter of a milBuy a package of Globe Al lion families grew their own food supSpecial Cake Flour today. Make ply on a planned basis. These famthis prizeworthy cake tomorrow! ilies canned over seventysix million

quarts of food and fourteen million jars of jams, jellies, and other such products.

Home canning no longer presents the problem that it did several years ago, for modern methods and modern equipment have so simplified the task that even the youngest, most inexperienced homemaker may do her canning with complete assurance, provided she has well fixed in her mind the proper steps of procedure in handling both the product and the equipment, and follows carefully an accurate time table.

The pressure cooker method of home canning has become a universal favorite with thousands of homemakers. It is

recommended by the United States

Government as well as prominent authorities in homemaking, for the can484

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

ning of all nonacid foods, because of the higher degree of heat obtainablewhich insures easier destruction of "WAIT UNTIL YOU TASTE harmful bacteria.

The oven method is preferred by many for processing fruits and tomatoes. A temperature of 250 degrees THE SOUP WE'RE HAVING

has been proved to be the most satisfactory and the oven used for canning with oven control anmust be equipped consistent temTONIGHT"a so thator regulator perature can be maintained throughout the processing period. A temperature

higher than 250 degrees will cause the liquid in the jars to boil too hard and evaporate. Fruits and tomatoes pro- I. "It's Rancho vegecessed by the oven method retain their table soup and it really tastes

natural color and flavor, and result in homemade. I had,it at Janet's

a beautiful finished product with a lunch last week and you should minimum of shrinkage. have heard her guests rave."

The hot water bath method still ranks high in favor because of the fact that no expensive equipment is necessary. A wash boiler or large deep

vessel that has a closefitting cover is all that is needed. The "canner"must

be fitted with a rack made of laths, galvanized wire, or other perforated material to hold the jars at least onehalf inch above the bottom of the canner.

The water in the canner should be near the boiling point when filled jars are put into it and should cover the jars at least one inch. Processing time is

counted when the water begins to boil, and if water boils down, more should be added to keep it at the required height throughout processing period.

The open kettle method can be used for fruits, tomatoes, preserves, and pickles. The most important point to

remember in connection with open kettle canning is that only one jar should be filled at a time with the boiling hot / Janet Says her grocer told her S* Homemade—no indeed! This

seal theproduct, completed, before and it. they're a soups. lot about and is Rancho something Rancho about made I know How

is filled. jarthe next product The

It's recipes from oldtime and Western simmered way our soups made the out here we like until last boilingshould kept the hot be jar is filled and sealed. for hours, just like I'd do it here at home. in the West. Only the finest Western vegein tables are used the preparation you've tasted them, thar's very once of Rancho And

in first step should canning The home it that's tastes believe."to so good."why—all a careful canning check equipeasybe on

ment. See that the canners to be used

are in working order. Make sure that

you have a sufficient supply of fruit jars and caps so there will be no delaywhen the food is ready to be canned. RAMCHO

The jar and cap form an important part of the canning equipment andshould be chosen for the ease with SOUPS which they are used, and the assurance they offer of making an airtight seal. Vegetable

For large fruits the wide mouth jar is Mushroom very convenient. If using a jar cap Chicken Noodle

which requires a rubber ring, be sure Pea the rubber is the right size and width. Asparagus

The twopiece "Selfsealing"cap does Tomato not require a rubber ring. This cap is

simple to handle since it is merely placed on the jar with the sealing composition 4 They loved the dinner didn't next to the glass, and the band tightened they? And what a hit the soup made. Just

firmly before processing. It does not wait until they find out how little Rancho

seal until the contents of the jar begin soups cost. And it's all because the Rancho

to cool after processing, and for this kitchen is located right here in the West.

reason not should again be tightened of the processingat the end period or That's why Rancho soups can be sold at such when jars are cold. When jars are economical prices. They don't have far to

(Continued on page 436) go to reach my grocer's shelf."

.. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

Homing ingabout.of the product in the jar is brought

JhsL jkci,—( Continued from page 485 In precooking vegetables, only

the product to cover water enough seal, for tested the cold been and have visitor monthly A salts certain mineral as used, should be and be band removed screw may may and from home retain as to in order soluble and are purchasing again be used over a by headquarChurch is it possible, deas value food much "lid"of part conthe the cap or new will ters, apbe in the the sirable which use water to taining sealing composition. the

preciated by your Foods canned by any method other vegetable was precooked to fill the jars.

boys who are than the open kettle are prepared by The precooking period should be a away. either the "cold pack"or "hot pack."short one, just long enough to heat the

The cold pack method consists of packvegetable through and expel the air ing the cold product into the jar, then from the food cells. As soon as the

processing. Most products are packed precooking period is up, the boiling hot

raw; others, in order to remove the vegetables should be packed immeskin, are blanched (scalded) in hot diately into clean jars.

water or steam, and then dipped into The pack of vegetables should be a cold water, peeled, and packed into medium tight one except for corn, peas, jars. The hot pack consists of a short and lima beans. These are starchy

precooking, after which the boiling hot foods which expand during processing product is packed into clean jars and and absorb some of the liquid in the jar.

processed. The hot pack has been The pack on these foods should be a

found more satisfactory for vegetables loose one and the jar filled only to and meats. within one inch of the top with the

That's the way with most husbands. Fruits and tomatoes for canning vegetable, and onehalf inch of the top

salads simple their want They and should be uniformly ripened and firm with the water in which the vegetable flat j Try (not sweet ot sharp rich and adding TANG, next salad.

Use Nalley's Old - ashioned French Dressing with Roquefort Cheese as a dressin on lettuce hearts.

THE PyUvcfDRESSING

too-'innottexture.fully developedIf too green,and thethe flavorfinishedis wasproportionprecooked.of liquidThis towilltheallowsolida goodmaof a assurance terial offer more and Overripe one. is good not a Ul 1C product these starchy of processing uniform during shrink badly \J\J fruits tomatoes and O"Hostess"'TeaspoonsCharmingPattern is foods. not so flavor the processing, and the

With 2 Kerr * good as that found in fruits which are Faced with rising prices and a pos- "SelfSealing"homemaker every shortage, sible food firm. and ripened uniformly CarJar Kerr Mason from any emblems effort produce to special a should make apfrom any and peaches as fruits, bottoms such tops or and ton Large... and supply, food tops and adequate or at an Cartons home 2 Kerr Cap Mason bewashed thoroughly ples, should be Lid 4 Mason Kerr from any bottoms it in storing surplus the to conserve by will help Choice. is This broken. Your skin fore the Cartons. Take winter the the of jars to demands meet carry soil Yours NOW.'for which of may free to them Send to-. farther will. Nothing go to months. emblems coin Mail and jar. small All the into contamination CORP. MFG. GLASS high KERR health, morpromoting good ward berries, should grapes and fruits as Conn. such Meriden, 287, Dept. in dispositions, no ale, and and happy other to obtain details on Full how over, picked carefully and washed be will plate silver better this charming in in the units the home can woman way ones. sour bruised and the discarding teaspoons. 6 your with enclosed be her serving than country serve her by subpolitical state or in is any void it offer jar, This the into their find If these way restricted is or prohibited same where stronger can country family. be no Our law. divisionby spoilage. Because in result later may diet healthful a and homes, our than fact the texture and delicate their of the Wise healthy, for MASON happy foundation the KERR lays Ji fruits juices, and in rich are that they PREFERENCE Buyer's life. healthful home your at Can home—Serve solidly very packed be tomatoes may TIME foods;

JARS, MONEY,MASONown USE homecannedand ENERGY; jar within one filling to the jar, BEST. the in for KERRSAVEthey ARE LIDS, and CAPS

product. the with Canof the top inch "Home half PUFF 12: -:-* Hit ning in is preferable method hot pack The. Lessons". Short

air it the expels as all for vegetables for Send

RecBookKERR'S will be used Hints for Payment Handy Canning10cfull instructions. vegetable, Homeipes... the cells of the food from event the publication. In dollar one upon JAR it pliable KERR MASON it, more makes and shrinks submitted, are idea the with that same two CO. reaimportant most packing. for The Ins. Title Bldg., receive the 287 will earlier postmarked the one j&A

Calif., Angeles, Los vegetables, howpacking for hot returned, ideas son be can dollar. of the None or 287,... Sand Box

is processing consideration. careful will the receive that is fact each the ever, but Springs, Okla.

speeded up because the food in the jar glass, melt powthe some heat of already hot when Kerr Jars and Caps RE Best is quickly then spoon; cookis applied, a uniform and cessing pro- T oderedmendalumchinain anor old

rub the melted alum over the edges of the pieces to be glued; press together and set

aside to stands hot drywater.)—Mrs.completely. Z.(ThisK. E.,glueChandwith- "WHY, THIS IS

ler, Arizona.

hold the needle threading a needle, When the white; eye will show ABOUT MEI* somethingover

up plainly, making threading easy.—Mrs. toys Elsie, the Borden cow

C. A. S., Myton, Utah,

It says right here that Borden's lighter, rolls will be much Cinnamon will began to evaporate milk in better, can be cut muchhold and their shape more quickly with a clean string, rather Logan, Utah, July 1. 1916.

than a knife. Pass the string under the Think of it—all this delicious

roll of dough, bring the ends around it, Borden's milk we see in Utah pull. give them,cross a quick and oi The stores Utah is good milk—all evenly. willrolls cut off smoothly be and

D. vitamin with it enriched - L., Afton, D. Wyoming.

Just the brand to put right at

One can prevent having a rusty oven by the head ol your shopping list leaving the oven door ajar for an hour today.

after baking. This lets the moisture disappear instead of settling on the metal. So pure, rich and flavorful you'll want to

Mrs. G. D. C, Columbus, Ohio. buy it always!

When painting ceilings, cut a rubber ball in half, slip over paint brush, cup part tobristles. Thiswards

therunning down handle.—Mrs.will prevent M.the D.paintJ., if irs TSenktiiUtahA City,Salt Utah. Lake

IT'S GOT TO BE GOO* Product

crops that the have made summer prices the are andNowa appearance good to ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS will thrifty eager thelow, housewife be flavors. delicious Seven Pure, popular gelatin for things these oflay good aside some

the tasty, health of her for colorful desserts.the winter months KOYALOSS j j, Also when Royal Salad

family will depend to a large degree on Gelatin, which has a meatlike flavor {not sweet), thriftiness There areher now. many sucand is ideal for jellied soups and moulded salads.!'*M3wt

fruits, vegecessful of canning methods tables, and even meats, poultry, and fish;

just which is the best way for you is inROYAL PUDDINGS all the give bookletscluded in which some Butterscotch, Chocolate, Vanilla Puddings and YAt inthis directions. wishneeded If you Royal Vanilla Rich, smooth, Tapioca. creamy friends, for yourselvesformation and your

write us, and give your addresses, and we puddings that are easy to make.

shall be glad to see that you get the booklets.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER The only nationallydistributed baking powder r made with cream of tartar. For fluffy cakes and

grand biscuits.j[ooks Coriier

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST By Barbara Badger Burnett—The All -Purpose Yeast y&Smj

Tuna and Pea Fritters for Household Use.

flour 1 cup this famous food to your health, in teaspoons\]/2 baking powder Now—drink

1 teaspoon salt plain, cool, tomato juice, mitk or water.You 'II like it I

2 eggs 34 cup milk 1 cup flaked tuna 1 cup drained cooked peas Sift together the dry ingredients. Beategg yolks until thick; add milk; add to dry.DELICIOUS.ingredients; mix well; add tuna and peas. fao/fat

Add stiffly beaten egg whites. Drop by

spoon in frying pan in hot pot. Drain on PIMENTO

paper. AGED CHEDDAR

Lemon Sponge Pie DUTCH LUNCH 1 tablespoon butter 1 cup sugar few grains salt 1 tablespoon flour juice and grated rind of 1 lemon 2 eggs Tuna evaporated cup milkl/2? WAYS: TOP fHF PACKED GRADE cup waterY2

SOLID GRATED or READY PACK FANCY a Line pie tin with pastry. the Cream

IN SUNLIT STARKIST'S MODERN PLANT Retailer's ICE BOX ( Concluded on page 497

BEAUTY BUILDER (Concluded from page 464) dark eyes, and black hair, highyour hair in the middle,"which he lighted by his magic touch had indid. deed effected a change.

"Some can wear their hair high, "Now,"he added, scrutinizing me which is very stylish these days,"proudly, "that shows what a little he continued, "but I think you look artistic makeup can do... but withbetter this way. Many girls are out beauty within, makeup can do

wearing jeweled combs with a high very little. Nature's own loveliness

hairdress for evening,"he added, must be there too, for remember...

"and have you noticed the bright beauty is more than skin deep and colored sashes and belts? All of this keeping the Word of Wisdom plays

is in compliment to South America."a very important part in nature's

I was more than eager to get a handiwork."

look at myself by this time ( a womHelping me from the chair, he an's vanity) but he was not through added, "There is just one more "It's no secret!—yet. He then placed over my own thing I might say, 'Beauty without

eyelashes a pair of very long silky virtue, is a flower without perfume,'is ones. the of complete comno beautifier and there That made let me tell you about transformation, or behavior, form, or then more and he told me plexion

to take a good look at myself. effective than a sparkling personality ROYAL I wasn't there at all. I was really that comes from clean thoughts and

ENRICHED coloredsomeoneskinelse.in harmoniousThe deep blendingcoppercleanAs forhabits."me, I shall never forget just

the long silken black lashes, how I looked. once! BREAD"with

Enriched with important vitamins and iron, in accordance with the THE MILLENNIUM OF FERDOWSI ot the National recommendations He- (Concluded from page 461) and sent emissaries to the poet, Fine Bread search Council, Royal provides added nutritive values of tering these dragons and other wild carrying his apology and also conbenefit to every member of your fambeasts, sometimes overcoming them veying the gold which should have everyone ily. it's the bread that And its deand sometimes being worsted by been paid earlier. As the emissaries of because eating enjoys

licious, natural, substantial bread them. One of the touching passages of the Shah entered the gates of the

flavor and unsurpassed freshness. is the instruction of Rustum to his city on one side, the body of the poet

Serve this better bread at every horse to be more careful after he had was being carried to its final resting meal. been injured by a lion. Earlier, place on the other side. While the

Rustum had chided the horse for poet did not live to receive the restiwaking the master on any small pretution of the Shah, the money that text. was brought was used to further the

These epic tales of the Shah Naproject he had so much desired, the meh are assigned to wellknown building of a fine bridge over the locations in the country, such as the river at his native city.

Elburz Mountains and Mazandarin, In Persia today practically every... Fresh so that one who goes through Persia person, be he peasant or ruler, knows

Every Day today is impressed with many fasomething of the works of Ferdowsi.

at Your Grocer's miliar place names contained in the Almost everyone can quote long pasROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake and Ogden great epic. sages from the Shah Nameh. The

100% Homeowned—100% American After Ferdowsi had finished this poet is honored by having streets,

great work and had had the unhotels, and other public places

IN LOS ANGELES pleasant experience with the Shah named after him. His poetry has

his Vizer, to his outlived he returned dynasties. palaces and For

it 4>* nativeand to spend the remaining years Tus a thousand to has helped years in quiet, apart from public life. preserve national unity and has as5th at Spring It is said that due to pressure from sisted in making of Persia one of

Tariff from $2.50. the people, who very much loved the chief poetryloving countries of

A Tub and Shower, in Every Room Ferdowsi, the Shah finally relented the world.

Formerly oi Salt Lake City Los Angeles V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON Director An Apology for the Coincidence of Sevens of Salt Formerly Lake City

(Continued from page 455) And whether it be weal or woe,

So hearken then while I unfold I mark it with a seven.

The strangest story ever told,

I the born For seventh was day on. time or rhythm;.. Unheeding OEEER WE In seventh seven years month and if in telling this tale queer And A COMPLETE

in arrival After the valley fail, classic diction In I may SERVICE ENGRAVING that of Pioneers noble band Of Portraits to the I Largest Missionary From to be forgiven. hope

Catalogues:Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention It comes in cycles of seven years In Andall thehereworldthey theymadehadtheirnorally.peers,

figure mystic seven. With the CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

betides as I me go And from the place where I was born 113 Utah Whate'er Regent St. Salt Lake City,

Along the road, both to and fro, In 'dobe hut behind the cobble wall.488

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

Which once enclosed the famous block 10inch size Where immigrants were wont to flock—Styled by

From bishop's storehouse get their stock, INEZ DONOV

Responding to their needy call,

I moved when seven years of age

To where Zion's Bank now stands,

But then in mansion did we dwell

In homelike comfort and oft heard tell

Of mighty deeds and angry Indian yell;

Of buffalo and cruel outlaw bands.

When two times seven—just fourteen years—

In the old Endowment House, The Temple not built but scattered 'round

In native rock upon the ground, and endowmentsI received was ordained &>'years. in my tender An Elder

twentyone, times threeWhen Young; a Ordained Seventyseven—justby Brigham

On foreign mission sent And bent on preaching Gospel plan,

In Germany and Switzerland My ministry began.

Returning home from distant lands

My mission being ended, The second time on native soil

On the seventh day and seventh month

In eighteen hundred seventyseven

In America I landed. New California Pottery plates. An exclusive

design, in rich "Mat White"finish, they'll four times seven, though 'twas quiteWhen late, fflfo C7U44 harmonize with any tableware pattern.

twentyeight, Already I was...

from lovely maid the Seventh Ward Start enjoying America's finest tunaA

Seven years I wooed and labored hard and start building your set of these unusual

Before As JacobI reapeddid tothegetgreathis rewardmate. plates. For 29 years, this quality tuna has

only the favorite, because America's been from and 6 labels five times seven—'O, where's myWhen as is packed. light meat As healthful tender Sea of the Chicken ink? and pen

is this a tempting tuna it is delicious, I think."put on cap and must For now my Brand

thirtyfive, that well I remember I was effective and "D,"of Vitamins "A"Style Tuna source Grated still alive. that furthermore I was And

goiter. preventive of nutritionalIf not or did I did what I ought aught Star Tuna or White

Tis just as well that it should be forgot. Send six labels, with 25c in cash, M. O., or check

for Entree accepted) each not (postage stamps six times seven, again I went abroadWhen write wish. "Send Simply Salad Plate you me and to preside. Mission European O'er

In MidAtlantic on the very day See outserts on top of Entree and Salad Plates"and print your

That I was fortytwo, by the way, tuna cans for other name and address plainly. Send to Van Camp

Bryan's "Cross of Gold"then on display valuable pottery offers Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, California.

Filled our hearts with patriotic pride.

With sevenyear cycles I'm only half way through, So let's forget the rest but still pursue

The mystic figure seven, and you will find

It still more mysterious if you're inclined

To superstition, or you're of feeble mind.

So listen: Strange! but what I say is true!

Seven wives my father truly had;

His seventh child and oldest son am I.

Seven children to him my mother bore;

And seven to me from the wife whom I adore; I only wish of such I had a score, 'Twould raise me to the Seventh Heaven nigh. OFTEN IMITATED -

When I came home from Germany, years Seven as missionary NEVER DUPLICATED in auxiliary, sevenAnd I served my Church at home, and then For 90 years, the easy fit and long wear

Was chosen one of seven men: of LEVI'S have "never been tied."Watch,

First Seven Presidents of Seventy. for the "Two Horse"brand on

So now I'm fourscore years and four;

times seven Twelve see I'm through; so youAnd make eightyfour JLii& 9 OVERALLS

And greeting friends and kindred all, with patented CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS on back pockets

Both old and young—and big and small, LEVI STRAUSS & CO., San Francisco

I bid you all adieu.

—Rulon S. Wells.

ilHelchizedekTriesthood

FIELDING SMITH, COUNCIL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE OF THE BY MELCHIZEDEK THECONDUCTED TWELVE—JOSEPH

B. A. CALLIS, Q. LEE SYLVESTER F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CANNON, AND HAROLD CHAIRMAN; WIDTSOE, JOSEPH JOHN

responsibility. carries certainly a heavy

blessings to the only denies notTWO LETTERS FROM THE FIRST PRESIDENCY LaxityPresidency offers an opportunity and

Concerning Government Money We had not intended to include those presidency, but unfortunately withpayments in our observations for the reason holds them from the members. And

June 13, 1941 that the sugar industry itself through the thus the welfare of precious souls sufPresidents of Stakes and processing tax provides all the funds which fers. The situation makes it impossible

Bishops of Wards are paid back to the farmer. Incidentally, for the presidency successfully to shift

responsibility. not should They it their that of are advised the we $1.90—whichDear Brethren: it. to shift think of trying even To will the is estimated be average price per

it is the growth, of only not assume way to the in at paid ton that attention back farmer to our comeTt has farmers—the

is * the of honor. told, it way himself paid $1.70, so have is will we are the suggestion least one case—and

that tax. as to their in wisamount processing as a presidency So no But own it in others that has happenedmade

one of our bishops in carrying on a he is merely getting back what he himself dom and strength can perform the duties farming project for the Welfare work has paid to the Government, and the other of their office acceptably to the Lord.

has taken from the Government money 20c comes from the processing tax (again They must be guided by divine wisfor not raising crops on the Welfare as we are advised) levied against Cuban dom. And this will be given them

Project, the land belonging to the ward. cane sugar. We are also told that the through their earnest and worthy seekis all get that as paid farmer not does back quorof a ing. the every presidency So this of to able not approve are We that processing tax sugar it over on and but in their through power, have rum believe ecothe notpractice. do We is is there repaid above to him covered their what to attitude, work, prayer and make are sound, practice this behindnomics

of the into the States Treasury United somethemselves administration joy and to a consistent are feel that theynor do we in the thirty million of where neighborhood the quoblessing of to the members a integrity should civic which thatwith dollars, the the being of the residuum same their responsiis this rum. what And conpeople. have ourbe among We is processing tax which to not paid the bility requires do. to them PresiFirst the declined, asstantly farmers. officers the that suggest Hence we gratuities the from receive todency,

Government, and this receiving of of every quorum give prayerful attencrops is not raisingmoney for a pure Presidency a Responsibility tionare. toMakethe questiona list of theseof whatduties.theirFirmlyduties is makinggratuity or dole. The Church

all discharged will that be they resolve of necessity the effort to avoidevery of sociology at professor a Uni- A officer or ability the of best the to it acthat haslater facing charge a ** in versity Prague, Czechoslovakia, assigned. are officers they to whom gratuities carry to governmentalcepted entertained small of a group Mormon this in manner of them Performance desire acto its no it has work, andon missionaries his at a years few home in the in result great will improvement gratuities. suchcept ago. told that our them Church He this activities quorums. of most Try

all presitherefore, ask must, the wonderfully was organized most We be convinced. and bishops of wards stakes of institutiondents and its in the in other world—no

strictly to forego any such practice in class, for no other institution offered the future, and we request that they to its members so many opportunities return to the Government any moneys for selfdevelopment. There is no sugNeeded Improvements

received on heretofore gestion they havewhich Church, anywhere in your for there improvement he '"That is room at be done shouldthis This its account. said, that exist for the members

activities the of Priesthood "* in the practicable moment.the earliest of later glory the Church. or Sooner

is fact recogthe a of Church quorums is willing every to serve asked member brethren, Faithfully your their all of work. nized know by who in that to contributes his some way

is this a improvement to secure But how Grant, Heber spiritual personality J. growth. and

is in that question has and been now Clark, Jr., Reuben right. professor The was was He

in the of workers the minds many O. McKay. J.David led careful of to the or- a study make

eftheir of because Priesthood. And ganization the the seeing of First Church Presidency. by The

forts, But progress been made. has fine exceptionally the missionaries way

feasis desirable and progress further It his in this functioned country. was letter one the to above In response ible. that trainstudy acquainted the with him inquire in to president wrotestake the of General committee Auing opportunities A afforded the by

whether or not government payments Church. thorities is giving earnest attention to

to beet growers were included in the Among the opportunities for personal the problem of how to secure greater above instruction, to which the First training are those offered by Priesthood progress. Plans are being formulated

Presidency replied as follows: quorums. But it is very unfortunate and recommendations will be made to

for the members that some quorums do the stakes and quorums from time to

Your letter of June 22 has been received, not fully measure up to their opportime. It is hoped when presented to

in which, acknowledging our letter of June tunities. And the fault is not all with the field these will be welcomed and

13, 1941, concerning Government paythe members. The officers must bear enthusiastically be put into operation.

ments to farmers for not growing crops, a large part of it. The responsibility Be on the lookout for them. In the

you raise the question whether or not we of leadership is squarely on their shoulmeantime we ask that every quorum, intend to cover by our observations the payders. Where leadership fails results every committee, and all officers be

ment which is made to the growers of sugar will be very poor, if not negligible. In energetic in the discharge of their duties

beets of $1.80 per ton received last year this situation opportunities slip by and as they see and understand them, giving

and incidentally we may say we understand blessings are lost, largely because quocareful attention to requests and sugit will be approximately $1.90 a ton this rum officers did not magnify their callgestions previously sent to them from

year. ings. headquarters.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941 was accessible to minors and warned Of course alcohol is a poison, as

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO thatcommitteethe lawmadebe planscompliedto seewith.that Thethe everyAnd thestudentdoctorsofaretheright.subjectConsistencyknows.

CAMPAIGN law was complied with. Presumably and honesty require that every conour campaign committees in all the tainer of liquor should bear a label of

An Excellent Suggestion otherCompliancestakes in Utahwith tookthe similarlaw removesaction. poisonsons—carbolicas do containersacid, antiseptics,of otherwoodpoi-"Overy stake has been urged to make a temptation—nothing more. But the alcohol, arsenic, and many others.

is something. of absence a temptation (Concluded on page 495) to the contribution Liquorsome

is effect such an absence a worthits initiaTo on CampaignTobacco own tive. Here comes from the San Ferwhile accomplishment.

is vigilence price the of "Eternal social stake report of a unique anando PROJECTS QUORUM interested those Hence is asaffair that herewith given news liberty."Doing? is Your Quorum in What that seeing elimination of these maall stakes. other to a suggestionand as

should remain chines takes place on someand thou do"Go likewise"—do eliminasure that the the job and make it. fine of usthing send a report and Contribution Honors Welfare

tion is permanent.

I. in of the Girls San Fernando A. M. Relief President Society Former

heartily you! complimentwe

in response The Situation in Idaho gathering This was held to a request from the General Board Tt was said that the situation in Idaho of the Young Women's Mutual Im- A relative to the observance and enprovement Association, that all stakes forcement of liquor and tobacco laws call their girls together for special exeris very bad. Many beer venders, it was

cises and for presentation of the said, sell hard liquors also. But this

pamphlet "M. I. A. Girls, Stand for is a violation of state laws. The laws

the Clean Life"recently published. prohibiting furnishing tobacco to

The following report describes the minors are also openly violated, it was party: said. The result made a bad moral situThe event was advertised for weeks as ation, the report stated.

girls for only. Social Special Meeting and efforts are situation correct the To

the meeting that the point stressedaWe all in stakes and Idaho developing our special a obtaining of for the purposewas the state in as the whole to combat a of Authorities the General frommessage the Church. Even the bishops, who did a evil. Efforts are intensifying to carry

good part in helping us, didn't know what on the Churchwide campaign in that it was about. state, also a statewide campaign in

Our campaigning was successful, for on cooperation with the Idaho Allied

Tuesday evening, May 13th—our Stake Civic Forces.

girls. withCenter was filled free efforts all to to power More C. H1NDLEY ANNIE decorated chapel were walls of the The the of evils springing out the of Idaho evils the of tobacco posterswith showing the use and laws of her notable and commendof One of the the front chapel violation of the liquor. Acrossand

was a banner which read "WE PREFER narcotics. able contributions of the past year to

The DRINK."OR TO SMOKENOT

the bands worn was onsame slogan by Doctors Propose Labeling themadeChurchby BishopWelfareJohnprogramR. Hindley,has beenas a

stake and ward officers and Gleaner Girls. Liquor Poison memorial to his wife. The contribution

first girls entering reaction of the uponThe of bushels of consisted one thousand Press the wires the Associated f\vER the but one, promise favorable not awas cash approxivalue of with a wheat from Cleveland countrywide sent that fact the hadof refreshments and we some good musical talent performing as on June 7 the considered opinion given mately $600.00. Through this gift,

they entered, kept them from leaving. by three Boston physicians at the AmerElder Hindley will carry on the asWe had asked Sister Adele A. Bird, a ican Medical Association Convention sistance to those in need which was so

supervisor at the Los Angeles General that all liquor should be labeled freely provided by his good wife during that to prepare somethingHospital, would in the twentyfive she served years the POISON. the the interest hold across message andput the of Relief Society of the presidency Merrill These are the doctors—Drs. girls. result theof was: The Stake. Alpine Leo Meyerson, and Moore, Abraham

his to this tribute beloved In paying in plea similar a made NICOTINE""NICOLAS Alexander—who

for Hindley, twentymate, Elder of who liquor symposium at the December One Act A Play in three the bishop of years was Amerfor the Association Adthe American

By Adele A. Bird and Arthur D. Bird vancement of Science at its meeting in ican Fork Third Ward, has set a worthy

The girls were delighted with the presenPhiladelphia. An account of the plea example to others who are able to make

tation. Sister Bird had no trouble later then made was published in this column substantial contributions to the Welin holding their attention while she proof the February Era. fare Plan of the Church.

ceeded with a short lecture and questions.

MORGAN BRANCH PRIESTHOOD PROJECT of the evening remainder was spent The the Members of inin the playing amusement games hall, Priesthood, Morgan ':':. '.'; '"

after served. refreshments Branch, which were (Colorado)

San Luis Stake, at Cigarette Vending Machine workBrown onfarmthe breakingThomas brush six of acresBanishment up planting for sod and of quota assigned an banishing the 1, the Utah lawJULY right, oats. Left to

all cigarette from vending machine tractors: on the

Brown, AlThomas accessible toplaces where it was

Price. Standing: fred

effect.minors went into The Law Morris Reid, Bruce

Reid, R. Reid, andObservance

Warren JamesCoombs of Saltmittee Lake president), (branch EnforcementCounty—a Comcom-

Bankston, and Estlarmittee of a representative up made

Price. Seated:

sixteen of theof each Harry and stakes in the HowardDee Wood

Picture Coombs.county—took steps in June to contact taken by

every store where a vending machine Coombs. Charles wmfflfflffifflmBBBmBm

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

discuss character, purpose, benefits of sacrament meeting; another of the weekly counMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, September, 1941 cil meeting; another of an M. I. A. assembly

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. program,in ward life?etc. AreIs therethereduplication?too many meetingsWhat

elimination, rearrangement, or combination can you suggest?

3. the of system membership Discuss

facilities benefit yet and chapel LXI and sameLESSON Office Bishop's Presiding records, the with organization? separate Demonward by for a unity clearinghouse, as as and making AdministrationWard strate.

to the line of communication unknown 3. his out the chapter bishop counand 26, 316322) Find (Read how pp. functioning of congregations separately

responsibilities. selors Invite divide a memother denominations. of I, Outline organization (see text, ward duties. his describe bishopric the to of ber

chart pp. 316317)

in: LXIII ward fundamental II. The LESSON LXII

a. religious Providing training of LESSON (cone.) Ward Administration (cont.) Ward Administration members

b. Promoting domestic and temporal (Read chapter 26, pp. 322328) (Read chapter 26, pp. 328335)

affairs I. Ward administration of first ordinances

c. Securing legitimate social satisfac- I. Supervision of ward Aaronic Priest- a. Baptism: bishop keeps informed on

tions hood children ready for baptism

III. Historical development of wards a. Bishopric is the presidency, assisted b. Confirmation: new members en-

a. Outgrowth of the early "branch"or by quorum advisers tered in ward membership record

"church": at Fayette, Colesville, 1. Class leadership c. Blessing of children: blessed at fast

Harmony, Kirtland, etc. 2. Followup of attendance, assignmeeting and membership recorded

1. Not so complete as ward organments, advancement II. Ward teaching: "for the perfection of

ization b. The Aaronic Priesthood Extension the Saints"

2. Presided over by Priest or Elder, Plan a. Importance: holds membership tolater by High Priest and coun- 1. Personnel: bishopric, Aaronic gether on intimate basis

selors Priesthood Committee, quorum b. Purpose

b. Ward president today also holds advisers, Sunday School and 1. To discover spiritual, temporal

office of "bishop"M. I. A. departments condition of the members

IV. Formation of new wards 2. Purpose: correlation of youth 2. To teach the Gospel

a. Determined by membership growth work 3. To establish peace, harmony

1. Division of old ward to form 3. Procedure: monthly meeting for 4. To obtain current statistical intwo units coordination of activities formation

2. Conversion of independent II. The ward membership c. The teachers: Priesthood and Relief

branch into ward organization a. Responsibilities to ward extend to Society

b. Stake presidency makes recommenevery member: authorities, local and 1. Vital aids to the bishopric

dation, approved by First Presigeneral, acknowledge bishop of 2. Should be well qualified

dency, ratified by ward members their particular ward III. Tithing: the Lord's part

records b. Membership organized at ward special c. New tenth of salary or income for a. A

meeting record kept bishof membership 1 Ward membership and general purposes Church opric presented for sustaining vote. up to date, with master file at b. Who should pay

V. The ward bishopric: presidency of the Presiding Bishop's Office 1. All who have an income

ward 2. Transfer of records 2. Children over eight should be

a. Jurisdiction (a) In permanent removal, sent encouraged to tithe own earn-

1. Subject to dual supervision of to new ward; retained at ings

stake presidency and Presiding Presiding Bishop's Office if c. The handling of tithes

Bishopric no organized ward or branch 1. The bishop the proper agent for

2. Relation to ward Priesthood: (b) In temporary absence, recreceiving tithes

in old remain bishop has ward direct presidency over ords 2. Payment should be made when

those at Aaronic Priesthood away ( 1 ) For received income 3. Relation to ward auxiliaries school less than year, 3. Reports and duplicate records

(a) Bishop has right of apletter of recommendamaintained at Presiding Bishop's pointment; may delegate tion desirable Office

this power to heads of or- (2) For those away longer 4. The annual tithing settlement

ganizations than year, record sent IV. Fast offerings: a double blessing

(b) Authority extends over all to stake or mission a. The monthly fast spiritually beneofficers and members where school located ficial

4. Relation of bishop to his coun- 3. Loss of records b. A special fund for caring for ward

selors (a) Members accepted on proper poor (a) The bishop the presiding evidence 1. Disbursed by bishop

officer; counselors subject to (b) Rebaptized on lack of evi- 2. Carries on work of Welfare Prohis presidency but due full dence gram

recognition III. Ward meetings and social activities V. The ward's role in the Welfare Pro-

(b) Bishop cannot give his a. Sacrament meetings: of first imgram

presidency to another portance a. Ward organization fundamental to

b. Duties of bishopric (see text, pp. b. Fast day services: especially faithsuccess of the plan

320-1): so numerous and various promoting b. The Ward Welfare Committee the

they are brought in close, daily c. Priesthood meetings: weekly, not hub of Welfare Program activity

contact with members to be interfered with b. Auxiliary gatherings: instruction, Problems and projects:

Problems and projects: recreational and social activities 1. The ward is to the Church what the

1. In how many ways does the ward e. Council meetings: officers'weekly quorum is to the Priesthood. Discuss this

touch the daily life of Church members? preparation statement in terms of function and organiDiscuss its function as the fundamental sozation. Show how in the ward the Priestcial unit of the Church. Problems and projects: hood has "a universal outlet for building

2. Demonstrate how, in the forming of 1. Invite the chairman of the ward the Kingdom of God on earth."

a new ward, the proper authority takes Aaronic Priesthood Committee to explain 2. Ward teaching is often slighted, rethe initiative and how the law of common his work and the program of the Aaronic garded as insignificant. Attack this atticonsent must operate to make the action Priesthood Extension Plan. Justify this tude. Why does the work demand the most

valid. What are the advantages of the emphasis on the particular age groups infaithful and intelligent performance?

small ward? Have someone report the revolved. 3. Show how in the Welfare Program

sults of a recent ward division that may 2. What particular purpose does each especially the ward is the workshop of the

be familiar to him. Has it made for inof the several kinds of meetings held reguChurch. Why can the Ward Welfare

creased activity? Could two wards use the larly in the Church fulfill? Have someone Committee be called the hub of the Program?

Tlaroniclriesthootl 2LF12;

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Aaronic Priesthood tweenRomanstheagainbrothersinterfered,was resumed.and havingThe rousedPtolemy theIV. hatredThoughof sparingthe Jewsthe againsttreasthe protecting sacred temple, the ures of and series o/ articles in a Seventeenth prisoner, confined Aristobulus a made

destruction, edifice with profaned he from late written the Elder office, his Orson priestly by to and Hyrcanus thus giving the of Holies, presence Holy the Council rule of F. the Whitney placed under of the of Judea people. to the offense Crassus, the mortalhis Jewish

in originally Published Twelve. of Seventy, with Sanhedrin, or Council triumvirate of the another among whom "The Contributor."the High Priest added. Roman dominions were divided, having thereceived Syria as his share, stripped the

nP'EN years later, Jonathan was murPompey, while at Jerusalem, committed Jewish temple of its treasures to provide "*"dered. His brother, Simon, who an act of sacrilege similar to that which for the expense of his expedition against

succeeded him, effected the Parthia. The tragic fate of both

these generals regarded was by country. of hisindependence

in the light the of divine Jews sons of hisSimon and two retribution.

were murdered by his sonin-law, Ptolemy, B. C, 135, Aristobulus, brother of Hyrat liberty set canus, was by son, the remainingbut John

that conCaesar, Julius on afescaped, and Hyrcanus, to queror's ascent power, and terwards ascended the throne return to Judea, where he was of his murdered sire. He was murdered by some partisans of

compelled by Antiochus Pompey. Hyrcanus was now

Sidetes to acknowledge the invested with the title of ethnarch

Syrian authority, and pay and given the nominal sovertribute to that nation, but on eignty. The real ruler of the

Antiprovince, however, was of thatthe monarch death nobleman, Idumean an of the reductionand friend a powerful and had Syria whopater, before the arms of Parthia, patron in Caesar, who made him

Hyrcanus seized the opporthe procurator or civil governor tunity to restore the indeof Judea. After Caesar's death,

pendence of Judea. He subAntigonus, the son of Aristodued Samaria, destroyed the bulus, assisted by a Parthian

in capturing army, succeeded Gertemplenational on Mt.

in B. Jerusalem C. 40, and Idumea.izim, conquered and for three years. reigned there

I, son, Aristobulus His succeeded him B. C. 106, and At the end of that time, Herod,

assuming the title of King of the son of Antipater and GovGalilee, of ernor having obthe founded AsmoneanJudea senate, the tained from Roman lastedkingdom, which his friend of the influence and PRESIDING BISHOP by THIRD sevEDWARD HUNTER, brother, Hisenty years. a patron decree Antony, Mark CHURCH OF THE mounted Jannaeus,Alexander of appointing King Judea, him

afteryear one thronethe aided powerful a by Roman officer, cavalry businessman, surveyor, tanner, Farmer, the counthe to subdued open army belongedwards. He this background Edward county commissioner—with cities, try garrisoned beand his and Sadducees,sect of 1840. 8, the October joined Church Hunter

captured sieged Jerusalem, and civil areign of 1793, by son marked 27, in Pennsylvania, was June Newtown, Born

Antigonus had deposed him and religious constrong the he Hunter, had and and them between Hannah Edwardwar established to death, put and as the inquiry of said, Lord "I an victions. always made He Pharisees, ofrival sect who the throne. himself Antiupon I acceptably."serve to could him how rebellion. in out brokenhad last the of the gonus was Asmothe trustees of to introduction came His Mormonism when rebelthe crushedAlexander to conHerod, monarchs. nean it donated, provided land erect he helped seminary he on terrible the ciliatelion the married wreaked and Jews, all permission sects, to denied to open be Mormons would

beautiful grandMariamne, his enemies, onvengeance privilege, the protested, attended there. secured preach He

II, of daughter and Hyrcanus in 78, B.but, he C. dying meetings.

brother, Aristobulus, her made his first Alexandra the wifeadvised his Lord: the meeting, he asked "Are Following

priest. afterwards, high Soon filled light the Instantly great allyservants?"thy a herto peace Mormons secure by brotherhis wife and had Herod his baptized answer. Orson was That by room. was He Pharisees, herself theing with time inlaw murdered, some and Hyde. still powerful werewho later their mother, Alexandra, the in to 1842, Prophet he he gave moved Nauvoo When to dreaded. She fate. beenough the shared Herod, same suffered in permerchandise. in $4,000 cash and $7,000 He soldier talented his and counsel a though andfollowed false imprisoned charges. secutions, asked on was He

ruler, cruel in and bloody was eight forreigned peaceably Illinois his protect to of people from mobs. Ford Governor

his his nature. victims Among civilyears. between war Patriarch the martyred. returned A he Prophet and were day The

his sons, three of and were own Arissons,her and them. Hyrcanus helped bury He last his "the of reign years were

first the of Fifth bishop became Ward. Nauvoo the queen's followedtobulus, He He literally blood."with drenched

in loss suffered reached from exodus $50,000 Nauvoo. He the in B. con69, C. anddeath rebuilt the at temple JeruHe first in large the group. 1847, September, with immigrant Utah fortest years. seven raged scale of unpresalem a upon original the of Salt 13th bishop Lake made was Ward. He the apmagnificence, cedented Roman,Pompey, and emigration, direct to spending of returned East $5,000 He erected public noble works scene, many put the uponpeared his to called then money. Hunter was home Edward own in his parts various of kingdom. conflict, to the andan end Bishop. Presiding counselors His were Brigham become

in sense not a was Jew, any He hisseated upon Hyrcanus laid Kimball. 6, April the 1853, C. he and Heber Young On his in to claiming though be one cornerstone of Salt thefather's Aristobulus throne. President as southwest Lake Temple

belief, religious the at time same Priesthood. of the 16, 1883. died Aaronic October to prisoner He carried awas affecting manners. Roman He favorite tithes blessed."was: theme be your His and "Pay at the but escaped endRome, all religions tolerated his under

of six years, and the war besway.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

robbed him of intelligence and indefined to an asylum, and his family in

Aaronic Priesthood pendence. the direst want,

In the last year of Herod's reign, erroRay Long, of Shreveport, La., says: Marie West of Preston, Idaho,

said, scientist quotes a who 4, as Germanneously given B. the C. Lord Jesus

I in single trainer of a not an do know atChrist alcohol of in born quantity smallest Bethlehem was Judea, "The private, republic, institution, educational the birthplacealso of his David, mother's believes that ideas."scares She away that alcohol state, believes ligious or whoancestor. for Fearful the of safety his will the dequantities scare larger away I athlete. is to beneficial don't an knowthrone, sharing the with and nation Jewish the ideas. sire for observes "For She instructor literary religious or of a who belief thatthe the of the coming Messiah entire the nation the tolerates studentconsumption or welfare and of endorses at hand, that the and promisedwas Deliquor. alcoholic of all liquors abandoned be world, mustliverer reestablish the of would throne

David and free his country from the Roman He concludes with this: in order to bring us safely through these

yoke, Herod, on hearing of the birth of uncertain times with assets and high

Jesus, ordered all the children of Bethlehem, Because I see that alcohol is an enemy merits rather than liabilites."

of two years and under, to be put to the of health, happiness, and success, handidisrupting homes, wreckbusiness, capping thesword. edict But monster's passed Sponsors of the contest made this

nerves, muscles, minds I have and the the overharmless of child ing head holy taken comment life: this of for slogan the "Leave myJesus. in of the Being warned Lord a dream,

Joseph, His stepfather, took the infant and liquor alone."Besides the fifteen cash prize winners,

the there nationwide hundreds were fled into to whoHis mother Egypt, and escape Michof Charlevoix, Davida H. Blake felt mention. honorable judges deserved fate cruel befellthe of which soon many

that scientists declare igan, stated the covered, entire and countrythe innocents of was that The Judea.

alcohol destroys the allessential protocross-sectional revelation of the views of {To be Continued) plasm, first attacks the brain and central our youth, in their teens (the list runs from nervous system, and is carried throughfifteen to eighteen years of age) illumines out the body in less than one minute. our outlook for the future of America, and

future Americans. character of our

sent the of in conmanuscripts Many intimate family neighborVIEWS OF YOUTH ON Thesystemactionis delayed,of the brainand thusand motoringnervous tainedthe and such LIQUOR AND TOBACCO dangers increase. She stated that hood revelations that it was impossible to

science has proved that where marksquote such letters. Every depth of human

men take a single drink of liquor, they misery was revealed. These young folk,

Excerpts from opinions given by decrease their rapidfiring accuracy benefited by the scientific instruction now schools, available to able in our gauge were firing inprize winners She for a slow Nationwide and 50%. 30%,

properly they about and around what saw pilots, encontest airplane conducted by that the American observed them.Business others emare not Men's gineers, Research and many is It that bringing is evident America up

liquors. ifFoundation. intoxicating use they ployed qualified to well generation a cope new

The world demands quick, clear thinkwith whatever problems may present themATTary Hresko of Brooklyn, N. Y., ers. Her conclusion was stated in these selves in this changing world. To these

told of twin sisters who chose opwords boys and girls, no other danger seems nearly so great as that contained in beverageposite courses. industriously one The in our the drunks town and We studied alcohol. her clean habitspursued and families are their that they and today is a found

commercial success. The more "soabject and unkempt. Not one of them

phisticated"sister who followed the knows health, happiness, or success. NoLiquor-Tobacco Campaign

primrose path, has ended in disgrace Reports

Coloof Golden, Garramone Gladys poverty.and She concludes, "Long

taught been that she has says that At the end of December reports willafter the 'good sports'derado, have become pendents, thrust into poverty and degraall the organs of the body become "be called for from all Aaronic in within alcohol a few minutes bathed the Priesthood giving quorums, numdation, those their held who have liquor, drunk has person after a giving of as the ber and percentage members still willground on temperance be happy and successful men and women."beverage is taken up in the bloodprepared fiveminute talks on the nonstream. use of liquor and tobacco, as provided

Annette Nelson of Salt Lake City, She has based her judgment largely in the Churchwide campaign anUtah, says that alcohol is neither a food on the dire effects following the careers nounced in The Improvement Era for nor a stimulant. It robs muscles of of the twenty town sots in her comMay. Bishoprics, quorum advisers

coordination. "A person with the munity: their broken homes, their pitiand quorum officers are urged to keep

smallest drink in him should not sit fully neglected children, their sorrowing careful records of all members debehind the wheel of an automobile."wives. She cites the case of a little livering these talks in order that reShe says, "I am convinced that ungolden-haired girl who died of pneuports may be complete and accurate

less something is done to prohibit the monia, due to neglect and malnutrition. at the end of the year.

it use of alcohol assale and we have Priests to are nonuse the of talk on said, Ohio, of Akron, Kennedy Jack is social structuretoday, our whole Teachers and Deacons and on here liquor, surprise came "Imagine when I mythreatened."of tobacco. the nonuse into invited homes to and was find work

Helen Virginia Myers of New Kenwhere cocktails were served in the same sington, Pa., gave two instances that spirit of hospitality as a cup of coffee Order and Progress

came before her observation. First, back home."

presented Talk Greaves, by Georgethat deof a a with young couple Illinois, Bill Harrisburg, Cantrell of Priest, a at Grandview Ward neglectedplorably a cheap babe in to benign points of that states claims rags. in a littlebuggy, and boy The to look only has contrary, the "One truly great order nothing T17ithout

outside a taverncouple paused and greatest the that to see himself around achieved. reigns vv can be Chaos for pursesearched pockets a few and is ill health death allied with and agent indigent the ignorant. the among and bottle of tocoins with a which buy alcohol."as accept, people they are must Thesewhiskey.

it, fate, call to the prone of while Fairforest, hand of Ezell Carolyn Mary

The second case is a roustabout who South Carolina, is decidedly against the man of wisdom through incessant once was the marvel of his class in colthe use of intoxicants. She says that planning, industry, and prudence may,

lege, with such a retentive memory she has seen "boys and girls come to to a marked degree, control his destiny.

that all he needed to do was to glimpse school poorly clothed because their Benjamin Franklin, while a young a printed page in order to repeat the fathers and mothers drank."She cites man, drafted a code of living. One of

subjectmatter verbatim. Alcohol has a case of a drunken father now con- (Concluded on page 495)

fcJTSlcliinq CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

ized minority that incited the American

WARD TEACHERS mothercolonistscountry.to rebellionOrganizedagainstminoritiestheir

have introduced and established in the

A ND if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him United States such notable reforms as *'him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may emancipation of the slaves, woman sufbecome strong also. frage, prohibition, and the various conTherefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser servation statutes. Vast industries atPriesthood.... (Doc. & Gov., 84:106, 107.) tribute their existence to the welloiled

executive divisions that control their

Suggestions For Ward Teachers activity.

Sorrowfully enough, order instigates

Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should success not only when service to manvisit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the kind and honorable distinction are the

spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent objectives. Major crimes and totalithat distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance tarian governments, instances where

to the worthy be provided without delay. groups, insignificant numerically, force

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly millions to endure their brutal hand of appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family oppression, owe their progress to the questions containing the following import: stringent discipline and the exact order

that is maintained within their ex- 1. Are you in harmony ecutive ranks.

a. associates? neighbors your and With or us to can order compel No power

b. of the Authorities stake, Church? General ward, and With is as there chaos. a law However,

2. to duties attending your Church Are you will as irrevocable time reward which

a. a member As punish success organization with and fasting paying meeting, Fast Offering, once each Attending and month

paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions? turbulence and disorder with oblivion.

b. As an officer

Setting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers? Melchizedek Priesthood

{Concluded from page 491 (itjcuid JuachsJia TYbiAAaqsi $da S&pisimJb&A, 1%1 In the Cleveland convention, Dr.

Moore said: "there is no question but

THE BENEFITS OF THE GOSPEL that the most important and widely used habitforming drug of America is '"Phe full benefits of the Gospel are secured only by living up to the alcohol."It should be labeled for what

requirements. The Gospel plan is so arranged that each member reit is—a poison.

ceives his reward in proportion to his efforts and his observance of the principles. No member is deprived of his blessings because of the failure No Wealth But Commonwealth

of someone else. As individuals we earn our own rewards and blessings.

The principles of the Gospel are intended to prepare us to receive and Tn the April number of the Internaenjoy greater blessings, to improve our minds and bodies and to enable us * tional Record, published in London, to progress to a higher sphere of intelligence and happiness. the venerable editor, Guy Hayler, in

"The Glory of God is Intelligence."The light of the Gospel and the an editorial under the above heading

exercise of its privileges should make Latterday Saints the most intelligent says:

of all people. If, as a people, we shall keep the commandments, take adHad our democracy been something more

vantage of our glorious opportunities, accept and follow the teachings of real; had we rid it of fine words and sought

the Gospel, and magnify the great gifts of the Priesthood, we shall truly to express it in braver deeds, then by this become the light of the world and the happiest of all people. time there would have been no liquor trafThose who fail to accept and discharge their responsibilities, particufic to rake in its millions of pounds worth

larly those who have received the Priesthood, will forfeit the blessings. of profit at the expense of human suffering,

these loss very words and degradation. As fulfilled. the promises discharge them accept shall have and But those who

written, there being be heard can down extent teachare It is for to decide follow the of us to what each we shall of the brawlings the street drunken of some ings and claim the blessings both here and hereafter. the flower of the youth of our land! Where

"I, the Lord am bound when ye do what I say, but when ye do not is the jungle that would tolerate, much less what I say, ye have no promise."Doc. & Cov. 82:10. sanction, such a state of affairs as that

produced by the liquor traffic?... But we

have not yet removed from the pathway of human progress the inimical traffic in

Aaronic Priesthood orderThe wasnecessityappreciatedfor organizationby Brighamand intoxicatingfigures suppliedliquors,by Governmentdespite the andfacts otherand for years demagencies which have 494) /rom now page {Concluded It impossible been Young. would have

its results. Prodisastrous onstrated

his together Saints of of items list of ento hold the thousandsthe dominating facts the finding. and.. gress is made bydeavors was that of planning the proand guide them to their destination had doing something about them. then

cedure for each day. He discovered not the unit been founded upon order.

that by formulating and adhering to a Wherever order and persistence preAre those noble words not as apspecific routine more could be accomvail, success will result. A minority plicable to America as to Britain? Let

plished. A certain time was allotted to well organized may influence the us express our love of democracy in

study, work, recreation, and sleep. thoughts of millions. It was an organgood deeds rather than in fine words.

UlUtnaTHlessaqesre CANADIAN MISSION were devoted to the development of vention in Ottawa in the new chapel

M. I. A. CONVENTION the convention theme in addresses by soon to be built in the Dominion capital.

D. RichardBy President Smith, missionaries, and

I. A. representatives. hunThree Poll, M. FOR SUMMER ACTIVITIES SupervisorY. M. M. I. A attended twentyfive persons dred and MEMBERS MUTUAL

the meeting, congremorning and"LJistory in Toronto, was made Onthe "Touring the month of August many gation tario, of three seventyhundred and on the of April weekend 1820, when two hundred and seventyfive at the evening session was one of opportunities present themselves five delegates from cities in eastern the largest L. D. S. gatherings to be for wholesome recreational activity.

for the gatheredCanada first Canadian Parks, playgrounds, canyons and years. in eastern held in recent Canada I.Mission A. Convention. Vital M. "A will to wish Mutual members in the beckon. presented model Mutual was forFaith A Troubled the Times"was

activities their the keep with in accord of thetheme conference. officers afternoon, followed and by

The program began with a Drama teachers discussion groups and a bufhigh standards they achieved in the

Festival on Friday evening, at which fet lunch served by the Toronto Rewinter months. Careful planning andtwo twentyfive hundred and persons to assignments far enough ahead made

than filledmore the Toronto Branch lief Society. preparation insure thorough by parto Hall threeAmusement witness oneDelegates several hundred came miles ticipants repaid. will beact plays skits of variety and a and to the pioneering venture. support activity Perhaps no is more suitablemusical presented numbers repreby

sentatives of the different M. I. A. orMembers of the Toronto Branch not than storytelling for hikes, bonfire

ganizations. Saturday morning eighty only performed the committee labors parties, and fathers and sons and moththeof fifteen one hundred missionand essential which to the smooth were runers and daughters. young like Old and

aries in the Canadian Mission in a met the ning of Convention, but they either stories listening to and enjoyreport and testimony meeting with

President David A. Smith; it was the opened their homes to the outof-town them or telling them. Through the tellfirst interdistrict missionary meeting to representatives so that none had to pay ing of good stories, much good can be

be held for a number of years. In the for lodgings unless he desired to do so. accomplished because the concrete is

afternoon seven M-Men basketball It is planned to hold next year's conalways forcible.

teams competed for the mission championship, the laurels finally going to the Toronto District.

The Gold and Green Banquet and

Ball on Saturday evening was indeed memorable. President and Sister

Smith were the guests of honor, and the banquet program featured music, toasts, and talks by Dorothy Piatt and OSCAR KIRKHAM

Richard D. Poll, Mission M. I. A. superPHOTOGRAPHEDHE HOLDS THE ATAS

visors, and by spokesmen for several TENTIONGROUP OF OF BOYSA of the local Mutuals. In the ball which WITHIN THEA STORYGREATOUT

followed, the Gleam Waltz was demOUTDOORS.

onstrated by couples from five delegations, and Elsie Farraway, of Hamilton, was selected as Canadian Mission

M. I. A. Queen from a group of ten

nominees from the branch organizations.

The convention sessions on Sunday

J 6y-- i |;lllil: *;llI |l:ll|l

REPRESENTATIVES AND MEMBERS AT THE CANADIAN MISSION M. I. A. CONVENTION, APRIL, 1941

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

Royalty Visits M. I. A.

Conference in Denmark [Concluded from page 474) annual M. I. A. Convention, which this

time covered a period of one week.

The convention was opened on June 22 with two very well attended meetings at 10 a. m. and 7 p. m. Many

saints and friends had gathered from near and far. In spite of the difficulties the Saints willingly responded

to the invitation to attend the Convention. The railway fares have been

raised by 25 per cent, it thus being a rather heavy expense on the young people.

The program for the various arrangements included very wonderful meetings, music, dance, excursions, a theatre evening where the King and

Queen honored us with their attendance; this was a great experience for

many of the visitors who had never seen the Sovereigns.

When our visitors left Copenhagen many of them shed tears for joy, expressing their appreciation for the privilege which had been theirs to attend the best and most spiritual Convention in the Danish Mission. I am sure they

went home to their branches filled with this one thought: to do better in the

future and labor with greater zeal and interest for the marvelous cause in which they are engaged.

Cooks'Corner {Concluded from page 487)

butter, add the sugar, salt, flour, lemon juice, and rind; add beaten yolks of eggs;

add milk and water. Stir thoroughly until

the sugar dissolves. Fold in the stiffly

beaten egg whites. Pour into the pastry

shell and bake in a moderate oven 40 minutes at 350 degrees.

Fruit Salad Dessert Molds 3 ripe bananas 1 cup diced pineapple 1 cup diced pears 1 dozen maraschino cherries sliced 1 cup green seedless grapes 1 cup fruit salad dressing 1 cup cream whipped Mash the bananas to a smooth pulp and combine with the salad dressing and whipped cream. Fold in the remaining fruit. Place

one filled wax paper cup inside of another to make more solid, then fill with the salad mixture. Set in freezing tray of refrigerator.

solid, untilFreeze then decorate with whip- 1. Queen attendants and of the Inglewood Stake S. Ontario, Oregon Ward, Coronation Ban, neid in 1 cream. freezingped hour, Continue Ball. Gold and Green Weiser Stake.

loose. leaf lettuce Place Peel cup on and

garnish with mint. 2. Nominees for M. I. A. Queen of Canadian Mission. 9. Pasadena Stake ExplorerJunior Sweetheart Ball.

Grape Tapioca Pudding 3. NorthBall andCarolinaBanquetEastin Wilmington,District GoldN. andC. Green 10. Queenneapolis,of Norththe GoldCentralandStatesGreenMission.Ball at Min-

1 Dessert Tapioca package diluted2 cups grape juice 4. Stake.Glencoe Ward, Gold and Green Ball, Oneida 11. CorinneBall. Ward, Box Elder Stake, Gold and Green

of juice 1 orange crushed 1 cup pineapple 5. QueenBall ofandthe attendantsRedding Branch,of the GoldShastaandDistrict,Green 12. Branch,Queen andSan attendantsFrancisco Stake.of the Redwood City

California Mission. the juice to the tapioca grape and Add 13. Shelley Stake Sweetheart Ball.

to the stirring point,bring First boiling 6. Denver conWard Gold and Green Ball, Denver

Stake. North Stake, Sanpete 14. North and South Wards,stantly. the fire, the add from Remove

at Gold Ball. and Green pineapple. Chillorange juice and the and 7. Reno Ward, Reno Stake, Gold and Green Ball.

serve with whipped cream. The theme "Carry On"was used. 15. Queen of the Canadian Mission and attendants.

gfienealoqij oCQ

years. his It greeted mother whenever MISSIONARY WORK AT THE ARIZONA TEMPLE into his she looked sickroom. And she

never failed him.

Lewis Wells all visitors. manifested By the by When failure the of the of muscles When Church program, Welfare the of law the California Mission Of his throat tongue robbed and him of tithing, the of other Wisdom, and Word the speech, of he his power formed principles explained, were have many is in valley the sun, the of Mesa, At in this his words mother way: would

I said, "I a at heart and am Mormon ** situated beautiful the Arizona first letter begin with the of the alphaideals the teachings of know and Morattrac- of the outstanding Temple, one bet, continue and letters the through true."to monism be tions visto of hundreds winter many in until sequence, signalled that he she

itors who come to this typical Mormon Some of the visitors here this winter had named the first letter of the word community with its beautiful wide have visited all seven temples of the he had in mind. Then she would repeat

streets and attractive homes. Church and it has been made apparent the procedure for each of the other

Located east of the city, the temple that the interest in the Arizona Temple letters of the word, then for other is approached by a beautiful avenue and all the other temples of the Church, words, until the entire message was from the west and is surrounded by five affords many opportunities in presentcompleted. It was in this laborious

acres of gardens with beautiful lawns ing the Gospel, through the beauty of and painful manner that he wrote his and flowers. The stately Italian cypress the flowers, the attractiveness of the scholarly letter to a nonChurch memlend an air of enchantment to the glisgrounds, and the fundamentals that lie ber, printed in the Era for June, 1939.

these outward things. tening the of temple, bebehind whiteness and this In patient same he wrote way climate, of mild the winter flowers cause excellent history an Stillman of Pond. the plants year around from and bloom articles "These in written tears were

the of all parts be can found world distress of smiles the and amid and joy in enclosure. the growing victory; Undaunted of and could he not when make

In this setting, during the past winter us understand he shed bitter tears.

and spring, Elders Grant H. Larsen and (Concluded from page 467) When we could grasp the thought he

Lewis F. Wells of the California Miswished to express, he would laugh

sion, assisted by the Maricopa Stake races. He carefully read through through his tears. The spirit conquered

eight massive of volumes hisancient missionaries, laboring as been have the oyer his weakness body,"of tory, then and treatise out a guides. people 25,000 Approximately on totally Almost incapacitated as he of "The Race this single visited the the during temple grounds Man"—withtyped he was, continued to good. do He finger his left of that six hand the remained, period months'and heard have the patience showed of in a Milton the fingers other his entire right restored the of and story Gospel. The his bearing of adversity, yoke the and having hand is useless! represented become Gathering"theme "The Keller. courage of Helen a But while

at corners four the the mouldings by lost he the had use of When both endured patiently cheerfully, he and in temple, the peoples of the of which feet hands, both and he regularly was for waited the creeping and to death picthose are and of America Europe carried the from car, to house a and finally him, overwhelm kept he busy, Zion. to tured coming the from car the stairway to up the kept others busy, and serving with him

The missionary value of the Arizona church, where he taught the stake in a great cause. That is the thing

Temple can scarcely be estimated, as a genealogical class. Then the time came that made his life so outstanding. With

result of the fast growing popularity of when he could no longer be taken from loyal help he compiled several large home. land. the as vacation winter ladiesArizona a So ten young from volumes records. of His efforts made

his class voluntarily visitors winter the season helpThrough came to him it possible for 13,000 temple ordinances registered from every state in the alternately in the afternoons and eveto be administered.

nings territorial four which they States to of her continuedUnited and the to do morning, Sunday 18, 1939, On June end.possessions. countries following The quietly alone his and with beloved represented: China, Germany,were all His parents their in did power mother, passed Leon His away.England, Mexico, Canada, South Afassist to him. his every Nearly day mighty mission finished. here was rica, Zealand, France, Norway, New raise mother would sitting to Leon a the Throughout funeral service the Palestine. VisitorsScotland, and his in posture hospital bed, one and spirit all, of triumph feelpervaded a affiliationlisted their religious 27 with the of of group ladies young would ing rejoicing of his at great accomplishchurches,Protestant Greek and Roman to dictation. take come dicwould He ment. Despite handicaps he had comCatholics, Buddhist, RosicruJewish, tate from 2:00 to 7:00 p. m. m., often p. piled finest of the one genealogical religions.cian Literature Indian and also from 7:30 to p. m. 10:00 m. p. in records the his Church. Said bishopdistributed included: pamphlets, 10,189 "There giveup no was his to him,"

tracts; of copies3,117 125 the Book writes; of mother "the must work go on, has rendered his service a great unto He sold, other 166 and ChurchMormon the and he had information at to hand fellowmen, living unto the the dead. andbooks. do it."names The in he had found has accomplished greatest the of one He

Through these visits and the large previous years in libraries, through corworks that I have known any man to literature distributed, of the respondenceamount and from books he had accomplish, particularly of his age. one A restored themessage of classified Gospel will be purchased, must be reand great blessing is due his father and mother

carried to many people who would not corded upon family group sheets, then and all those who have assisted him.

otherwise have been reached. Many placed upon temple sheets. "Unintelligent visitors were desirous of daunted by illness, still he continued his Thus Leon Young Pond was valiant

knowing more of the fundamentals of work. He gradually lost the use of and devoted to the cause of right,

our belief and practice. The doctrine every finger, of his speech, his eyesight cheerful in the face of discouragementof baptism for the dead and the eternal—and still the work went on!"and apparent defeat, and faithful unto

nature of the marriage covenant were His smile remained to the last. He death, having accomplished a great

inspiring to all who heard them. A had a smile for everyone who visited work for those who preceded him in

sympathetic and tolerant attitude was him during his sickness of months and life and in death.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, T941

Stake, succeeds Heber Burns L. Mower Cox. Isaac Argentine: Ari- D. Dana, Mesa,The Church Moves On Tenth Ogden Stake, Ward, North zona; Weber Bountiful, Goodfellow, Riley W.

(Continued from page 479) L. Elmer Peterson succeeds Arthur G. Utah; John H. Meyers, Sugar City, Idaho;

Pledger. Edgar B. Mitchell, Logan, Utah; Mrs. La

Church Educators Listed Magna Ward, Oquirrh Stake, George A. Prile B. Mitchell, Logan, Utah; Bryan C.

As Leaders in Field Brown succeeds Edwin R. Dimond. Wheeler, Salt Lake.

Edgemont Ward, Sharon Stake, Wilford Brazilian: Robert J. Conrad, McGill,

'T'wentyfive educators in the Church R. Stubbs succeeds Sharp Gillespie. Nevada; Warren L. Cromer, Salt Lake;

Department of Education, including Grand View Ward, Sharon Stake, C. Winfred H. Johnson, Pleasant Grove, Utah;

nineteen faculty members of Brigham Rodney Kimball succeeds J. Orlando Jolley. Theron J. Pickett, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Glen

Lake Sharon Stake, View Ward, Weldon Richfield, T. Warner, Utah. in the University, are included Young Taylor succeeds J. August J. Johnson. Hawaiian: Daniel Leatham, Mesa, Q. edition in Education, second of Leaders Buhl Falls Stake, Ward, Twin William Arizona; Eugene Rigby, D. Stowell, Idaho. the just issued has been by which H. Hutchinson succeeds Edward B. Johnson. Fletcher, Japanese: R. Harvey Loqan,

Science Press, publishers of School Ogden Nineteenth Ward, Weber Stake, Utah.

and Society and other scientific jourWalter J. Blackwell succeeds George H. California: Grace D. Andreasen, Clevenals. King. land, Idaho; Kenneth V. Baugh, Logan,

Farmington Stake, Ward, Young E. Utah; R. Haven Burningham, Bountiful, Cattell, Edited Jaques by J. McKeen

Alfonso succeeds Taylor Rulon K. Hansen. Utah; R. Cain, John Minneapolis, MinneCattell, the biograph- E. E. Ross, and

ical directory lists 17,500 biographical sota; M. Foy Poulson, Richfield, Utah; Chapels Dedicated B. Selman, William Raymond, Canada. in the Americans of leading sketches Canadian: Ackroyd, La Verna Magrath, chapels first recently "\17ard edition field inof dedicated of education. The Charles Canada; Salt Romney, Lake; W.

in 1932. issued compilation ""elude the the Twelfth was EmigraWard, Lillis L. Widdison, Rexburg, Idaho.

The Church leaders included in the tion Stake, where, on June 22, President Central States: Reid J. Beckstrom, Involume are Dr. Franklin L. West, David O. McKay offered the dedicatory glewood, California; Earl W. England,

Church Commissioner of Education; prayer; Hillcrest Ward, Grant Stake, Logan, Utah; Dehlin A. Erickson, Iona,

Dr. John A. Widtsoe and Dr. Joseph on June 22, with Elder Charles A. Callis Idaho; Loy M. Jensen, Rexburg, Idaho;

Erick G. Johnson, Murray, Utah; Clive M. Merrill, of the of Church F. the of members Council officiatthe Twelve Mesa, Arizona; B. Roscoe Mackay, President of Franking; Education; Board and Wilmington Ward, Long Larson, Utah; Murray, L. Moll, St. Louis, Erma

lin President S. U., Harris Stake, of B. Y. Beach 29, on with June Elder Missouri; Pace, Boneta, John R. Utah; Lloyd

Hyrum W. Manwaring of Ricks ColGeorge F. Richards of the Council of Roberts, Afton, Wyoming; Douglas N.

lege, President F. Y. Fox of L. D. S. the Twelve offering the dedicatory Thompson, Bountiful, Utah; Joseph R.

Business College; Heber C. Snell, diprayer. Thompson, Cedar City, Utah; Sherman W.

rector of the L. D. S. Institute at PocaTurner, Salt Lake.

tello, Idaho; and the following faculty Missionaries Released in June. Eastern States: Delilah D. Keller, Mink

Creek, Idaho. Christen Dr. of B. U.: Y.members fields from various of T)eturning England: Glen Barlow, R. New Ogden, Dr. Martin, L. Dr.Jensen, Thomas after labor continuous a period of Utah; Gale Clement, Lewisville, Idaho; W. Clark, Eyring, R. Dr. F. HeraldCarl honorable service missionary Parrish, Josephine are the Utah. Morgan, Gerrit Merrill, de Dr. Jong, N.Amos Central States: East Merrill following L. Borg, released and men women Dr. Lambert, Dr. Asael Wesley C. Jr., Sandy, Utah; Eyring, AriLeRoy Pima, during several not previously June, and Ida Carlton Culmsee, Lloyd, P. Dr. reported (Concluded on page 500) Billie HollingsDr. Dusenberry,Smoot

head, Dr. Reuben D. Law, Joseph K.

Nicholes, Anna Ollorton, M. Wilford

Poulson, J. Wyley Sessions, Dr. Joseph

Sudweeks, and John C. Swensen.

The biographical compilation also includes six members of the general board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union: Dr. Milton Bennion, Dr.

Howard R. Driggs, Professor James L.

Barker, and Dr. de Jong, Dr. Eyring,

and Dr. Martin of B. Y. U.

The general board of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association is also represented by President

Harris and Dr. Lloyd of B. Y. U.

The appearance of many Utahns in

Leaders in Education substantiates a recent survey by Professor Edward R.

Thorndike of Columbia University which rated Utah first in producing "men and women of great ability"on the basis of the most able people per million of population. Oliver R. Smith. MISSIONARIES LEAVINGARRIVED FORJUNETHE26, FIELD1941—DEJPARTEDFROM THE SALTJULY LAKE9, 1941MISSIONARY HOME

New Bishops Appointed Clyde FirstN. Logan,row, leftArnoldto right:J. Irvine,GeraldA. E.RichardWright,Pulham,Jr., LeslieTed AdrianR. Ogden.Hathcock, Mance H. Vaoijht, Scott A. Peterson,

Garden City Ward, Bear Lake Stake, Don B.SecondColton,row:MavisElizabethTingey, Taylor,Velma LuanaHansen,Amussen,Valene Brown,Donna Newman,Jean Horsley.Merline Gardner, Ruth Togerson, President

Third row: Herbert Marsh, Keith Jacobson, Irene Sessions, Paul, Beth Sutcliffe, Merle Christiansen, Vinone Paul succeedsMilford A. Spence. Loveland

Hansen, Melvina Jensen, Mary Marchant, Jr., Olsen, Joseph Morris Wilson. Stake, Burley Third Burley Edgar Sybil Ward, Fourth row: Tanner, Boyd Clyde Romney, Duain Coleman, Elvon Anderson, Gerald Hall McQuarrie, Don

R. P. Haws, T. Gledhill Larsen. David succeeds Sidney A. Dyches M. Gibson Grant C.C. Moon.

Fifth E. row: Berrett, William Baggs, Edwin Kent Gibbons, Junius Lloyd Nelson, Ivan Hans Andrus, W. Stake, Herbert Grant Cottonwood Ward,

Pratt M. Munson, Frank Wilcox, William Shaw Brinton, M. G. Fairbanks. Merwin Killpack. Spencer succeeds McLloydG. row: Sixth Stanford Johnson, Wilford Shurtleff, Burt Carlisle, Jr., Harvey B. Briant Earl G. Badger, H.

Tassell, Taft, Stake, Bryant Van Mack Sutherland Deseret Smith Quentin S. Hale, Heber Jensen, Ward, M. Vernon R. Telford.

Seventh row: Albert Law, Milton Jewett, Q. W. Loren L. Clyde W. Whiting, Thompson, Whitney Hale, D. Cutler Henrie.B. Larsen succeeds M.

P. Price, Le J. Rhoades. Roy Emigration Thirteenth Stake, John Melvin Ward, row: Eighth Poulton, John R. Holbrook, L. Joseph Joseph Kjar, Floyd Beattie, Ashton Blayne Emmett

L. Herrick succeeds O. Leland Read. Jones Hawkes, Don Johnson, Grant L. Anderson, Amos Tietjer, Jr.

Ninth row: Merle Stewart, H. J. Charles Marston, Maurice Millett, R. Vries, Cornelius Arthur, Edward E. De Stake, Queens York Ward, New

L. Karl Robert Backman, Stanford P. Darger, H. Purser. Gordon Carl succeedsG. Macdonald row: Bliss Grant Tenth Thomas, Cook, Pettit, William Jr., A. Rolf Robison, Kendell Merlin Brown, Edwin

Hill, Nielsen, Fairview Sanpete Ray Crofts, South Leo NorthJ. Christensen. H. Ward, Brown, Edward R. Davidson. M. Leland

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

The Church Moves On NORTHERN STATES MISSIONARY CHORUS ( Concluded from page 499 ( Concluded from page 471 been featured on sixtyfive radio broadzona; Earl H. Oyler, Tremonton, Utah; casts.

Doris Utah; R. Riggs, Kanab,Edwin

Idaho; Wells, TwinRose, John H. Nampa, L. ganized", in January,,, 1940,,,and sincei thati j California, Abel Joh?formerlyPersonstudentof Hollywooddirector or

over three presented hundred has Salt Lake; timeFalls, Idaho; Richard K. West, director the present L A choir Q u Utah; Ogden, Cyrus A.George Wimmer, In area. in the Detroit adprograms f is the tne Hart chorus. Wendell Idaho. Burley, Yeaman,R.

dition to personal appearances, it has accompanist. Bulkley, States: L. Central North Joyce

Burley, Idaho; Joseph A. Farnsworth, Jr.,

Mesa, Arizona; George P. Kuhn, Salt Lake;

Ivan Pedersen, Logan, Utah.

Northern States: Merrill R. Anderson,

Vernal, Utah; Thomas K. Biesinger, Salt

Lake; Mrs. Matilda T. Burningham, Bountiful, Utah; George T. Cox, Jr., Pocatello,

Idaho; Owen K. Earl, Bunkerville, Nevada;

Ernest M. Engemann, Salt Lake; Richard C.

Wilson, Richfield, Utah; Hazel G. York,

Pocatello, Idaho.

Northwestern States: Lyle D. Hatch,

Springville, Utah; Norman S. Howells, Burton H. Price, George M. Ramsel, and Bernice Tidwell, Salt Lake, Utah.

Southern States: Mrs. Eva R. E. Allen

and John W. Allen, Charleston, Utah;

Newell S. Black, Kanosh, Utah; Ray L.

Cheney, Fairview, Utah; Kenneth W. Foote,

Safford, Arizona; Maxwell Johnson, Grantsville, Utah; Preston T. Marchant, Peoa,

Utah; Ferral D. Mason, Provo, Utah; Donald A. Rowberry, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Lizzie

Sutton, Magna, Utah; Harold C. Taylor,

Salt Lake, Utah; Jesse, L. Warner, Spanish THE MORMON MALE CHORUS

Utah. Yates,Fork, Logan, Carlos Utah; A.

left right: Le row, Oliver, to Idaho; J. Archibald, Front Dayton, Roy City, Salt Lake Samuel Creston SpanishAmerican: D. WoodCity, Julius California; Utah; B. Papa, Peterson, California, John Abel Hollywood, Director; Yuba

St. Utah.ard, George,

Bangerter, Bountiful, Bennett, Utah; Arnold Philadelphia, Hubert S. Pa. Utah; Baggs, C. Ogden, Texas: Andrew

Maurine Beck, Rexburg, Idaho; Thelda Center row, left to right: Wendell Hart, Preston, Idaho; James D. Cornia, Brigham City, Utah;

Moss, Ririe, Idaho. Clive L. Bradford, Salt Lake City, Utah, Manager; Bowden Kenworthy, St. George, Utah; Edward

Western States: Orvis Dilworth, Carey, Lingwall, Salt Lake City, Utah; Daniel Revill, Inglewood, California.

Idaho; Ruth Hazen, Ogden, Utah; Phil D. Rear row, left to right: Carmi H. Campbell, Tremonton, Utah, District President; J. Arlo

Jensen, American Fork, Utah; Lillian Kirby, Nuttall, Ephraim, Utah; Lloyd Dahl, Syracuse, Utah; Lewis Briggs, Syracuse, Utah; Lynn Nelson,

Hyde Park, Utah. Rexburg, Idaho; Forest Z. Meservey, St. Anthony, Idaho.

THE 7-UP SPREAD'S SONNY BOY {Continued from page 469) down with all four legs as stiff as Bob had caught sight, in a blurred in that hull up there, you might show ramrods. manner, of his audience. Well, let

me different. I know you will. You "A pile driver, eh?"sneered Bob 'em sit an'watch. What could be

just fooled yourself. You never aloud, and raked the dun with his sweeter. Now, they'd see he wasn't

should have let me get this far."spurs. The grinding shock of that just a "Sonny Boy."

landing would have bent the spine of an ordinary rider, but not this

Otill keeping up a steady light one. He'd been taking similar In response to that yell of

stream of talk, he reached carefully, ones for quite some years. the rider on his back, the outlaw

caught the cheekrope of the hackwent into a blind buck, and headed amore, nearest to him, and pulled the Hardly had the outlaw hit the straight for the poles. Bob let him

dun's head towards him. Just as dust when he swapped ends, and did go, but just before he connected, was

quickly he pulled the rope up and the windmill buck, but his lithe, out of the saddle, standing on the over the head. Nothing held the slimhipped rider was right with him ground. Then, as the bronc changed

lost his widebrim- the way. Heoutlaw now except his grip on the all glinted hat, the sun and med on his his"Prettycourse neat,"swungmutteredaboard again.Rene, butcheekrope.

Like a flash, Bob stuck his left foot wet hair, but no light showed behis face wasn't quite as ruddy as held the saddle. him and tween He usual. to stirrup him,into the nearest and

his left in hand, the rope hackamore I sure his his Pete, "but "Yeah,"gasped saddle. ranwent up into He

for Pete yelled more. and Rene and that that killer doesn't try hopeleft of the cheekrope from hand

their breath. caught again."single dodge the alongthe hackamore, up

rope attached, and rolled his spur- A loud "YEOW!"ripped forth "Gotta show somethin'worse than

rowels along the barrel of the dun. from Bob on the dun. The bronc that,"wheezed Bob, and once more

Intent on his job, he missed the had done a "jackknife,"clipped his spurrowels did their work. "I'm

faint bawl of cattle, and the shouts his front and hind legs after a still sittin'in the saddle."

of distant riders as Rene and Pete straight pitch ahead, and Bob's yell He was, too, but both he and the tailed some twenty head of whiteof derision had met the trick. dun showed the terrific strain of the

faces into the ranch. Through bloodshot eyes, and punishing ride. The outlaw's breath

The dun went straight up with the even while he wiped away a suspicame with great sobbing moans, as prick of steel on his sides, and came cious red stain from his white lips, white foam covered him from shoul500

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

THE 7-UP SPREAD'S SONNY BOY ders to tail. Then suddenly he had enough, and although he trickled between his lips, his eyelids

reared, and his front legs pawed couldn't say so, everything about him fluttered. He sat up slowly, and

the air. showed the truth. He made a few said, in somewhat of a haze:

"Jehosophat!"rolled simultanehalf-hearted crowhop jumps, but "What hit me, fellows? Nothin'

ously from the lips of Rene and Pete. finally quit in his tracks, sides heavbelongin'to that dun, 'cause I sure

"That killer's goin'to do a throwing, head low, and sweat pouring rode him to a finish, didn't I?"

back."from him in rivulets. "You sure did,"chorused Rene

They were set to jump down into "Licked,"whispered Bob. "Licked and Pete, solemnly and with convicthe corral with their ropes ready, you like I said I would."Then he tion, their eyes for the moment on the

for they knew if the horse went over slid from his hull and lay prone in broken outlaw, "but why'd you pick backwards, as this trick generally the dust. that killer?"

ended, Bob might be down and unHigh-heel boots to land in weren't "I'll tell you why,"Bob replied der. so good, but neither Rene or Pete slowly. "First though, you admit

But even as they poised to leap, stopped to think about that. All they the dun is through as a bad horse,

the outlaw, instead of going comknew was that there in the dust of an'I'm the one who put on that finpletely over, whirled on his hind legs the corral lay a game boy—one ishing touch. Right?"

like a pin wheel, and when his four they'd "handraised,"and they be- "Right as rain,"came the answer feet hit hardpan dirt again, there longed with him. from both punchers.

was Bob still in the saddle. Beside Bob, Rene said: "Get

Again and again the dun did his some water, Pete, an'hustle."While "A baby could ride him now,"

rough stuff, but still the young huPete went for the water,. Rene ran added Pete, "and we saw you make

man burr stuck. Up, up, went the his big hands over Bob's supple him safe for children."

bronc, on his hind legs, and this time, frame, then fanned him with his "O. K."replied Bob with shining

in the flicker of an eyelash, he went widebrimmed hat. eyes, "and now here's why I made

over but Bob beat him to it. "You're goin'to be all right, son; the ride. I figgered on doing someHe was out of the saddle on his no bones broken I can find. Just thing to show you an'the rest of the

feet when the dun's back struck the naturally tuckered."outfit, I was a grown up puncher. I

ground and back in the saddle when When the water arrived in Pete's got plumb sick of"hearing you all the horse scrambled to his feet again. hat, Rene doused some gently on call me, 'Sonny.'

Again the rider raked the weary Bob's face and wet his pallid lips. Rene shot a look at Pete, and his

bucker with his spurrowels, and Gradually, color began to return, left eyelid drooped as if to remind called him a quitter. The dun had and when a few drops of the liquid (Concluded on page 502)

YOU'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THIS

IOOK at this authentic test by which we have comTHERMO-CHARGED "RPM"J pared Thermo -Charged "RPM"with other motor oils from the highest -priced on down.

STAYS PUT TO LUBRICATE Equal quantities of ThermoCharged "RPM"and comTHE "HOT SPOTS petitive oil are heated on a hot plate (see illustration). At

temperatures that do not affect ThermoCharged "RPM,"competitive oil leaves the hot spot dry—and runs uphill

to get away from scorching heat.

Here is a graphic demonstration of ThermoCharged "RPM's"ahility to stay on the job at the hot spots in your engine.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

UNEQUALED AT ANY PRICE 300 a quart

NOW MORE THAN EVER "AMERICA'S PREMIER MOTOR OIL'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

CITADEL OF LOFTY IDEALS ( Concluded from page 470 Commission resulted in a satisfactory settlement of the disputes between England and the United States after the

Civil War.

Here was a first demonstration of the value of international arbitration to avoid wars, in a place where foreign influence did not prevail. The meeting

chamber in the City Hall now became officially known as the "Alabama

Room."Among different mementos

connected with its history, this room contains the "Plough of Peace"made from swords of American officers assembled in 1876 at the Philadelphia

Centennial. This plough was shown at

the Paris Exposition in 1878, and later presented to the city of Geneva. In

the Alabama Room is, moreover, a small facsimile of the Liberty Bell. It

was made in the bell foundry in Baltimore from remnants of the metal used in the casting of the big bell, and after first serving as a symbol of peace at the Photo by Paul Bonzon.

Paris Exposition, it was presented to THE PALACE OF THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS AT SWITZERLAND

Geneva by Charles Lemonnier, President of the International League for tion, bearing the inscription Post TeneRevilliod, the Genevese author, and

Peace and Liberty, with the stipulation bras Lux (Light after Darkness). The named by him after his wife.

itthat in conserved be the Alabama Farel, figures Calvin, of four Beza, and is the lake border, the Nearby, on bellRoom. the inscription, bears The center. in the in high relief stand Knox Office, International whose Labor this of emblem"May engender peace figures, panels, Eight with crowded furnappropriately were are main rooms spiritthe which reign should over the

whole world."in basrelief, with appropriate inscripished by different nations. Although

States is not tions. in a League signing the United memof the compact The the des Bastions, Promenade On

in the ber it is represented Labor Palace is also of the cabin the Mayflowerwhere a is left remainder of the former city walls, rises the one hundredyard pictured. France, Germany, Switzerby a "Samuel Gompers"room.

long mural monument of the Reformaland, Scotland, Holland, England, and An international atmosphere prevails the United States are represented in in this delightful Frenchspeaking Swiss this memorial. city. International goodwill and unThe 7-Up Spread's In the year 1919, Geneva was chosen derstanding have ever been the goal of

to become the capital of the League of the world organizations established

Sonny Boy Nations. Within a few years the there. Although many of these lofty

League outgrew its first abode, the ideals have lately suffered a fateful (Concluded /rom page 501 beautifully located and remodeled setback, brotherly love and charity still

Pete of what he'd told him about former Hotel National, and occupies triumph gloriously through the Inter- "ribbin'"this boy too much. now a sumptuous new palace of its national Red Cross, and peace, globeis bound to They walked over to the dun, and own in the Ariana Park, This estate encircling and everlasting,

stripped off the gear, hung it on a was bequeathed to the city by Gustave come in time.

pole, and watched the outlaw roll out the signs of the battle in the corral dust. "Listen, you,"pressed Bob, "what

I want to know is are you going to quit calling me 'Sonny,'you an'the Important historrest?"ical events are conRene and Pete held their peace nectedAlabama withRoom thein

momentarily as the three went outtheGeneva,City HallSwitzerat side the corral, and Bob sloshed the land. In 1864 it

cold water on his face. wasplace theof themeetingfirst

Red By their horses now, the two internationalCross Convention, punchers toed their stirrups and and from December went into their hulls. tember15, 1S71,14, to1872,Sep-

"Well,"snapped Bob, "I'm waitof the Alabama ing. How about it?"Claims Commission.

Rene and Pete touched the barrels PhotoGeneva.by Jullien,

of their horses with their spurs, lightly, and as they moved off, yelled with goodnatured grins:

"O. K.... Bob!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

from July 21 to 27, Dr. Asper played

concerts on two days, repeating each concert both days to accommodate caTnuAuc pacity audiences. Gaston Usigli was

CHURCHWIDE HYMNS Notes to Choristers conductor of the festival, which

AUGUST—NO. 283. "EARTH By Lester Hinchcliff standingfeatured severalsoloists ofandtheinstrumentalists.country's outWITH HER TEN THOUSAND m

FLOWERS,"*T'he first chord of the last eight meas- "Earth A ures Her With of the hymn for Evidence God to gives vent Flowers,"SEPTEMBER—NO. Thousand {Concluded page 466) from

allinclusive expresspontaneousVOICE OF GOD AGAIN342. "THEIS Tenone

HEARD."sion of gratitude. If the conductor can gle to attain contact with some superNotes to Organists ofso thoseinspirethingshis singers,representativein theirof recitalGod's naturaltimes haveBeing.manifestedThesethemselvesstruggles atin

resulting love, joy anticipate from the to Asper FrankBy W. objects, of inanimate the worship

(especially the lightninglike attack by forces the or the the sun, moon, tenors) of this he a idols, chord can avoid "Earth, Thousand Ten Her WithTn alof nature, of but one God, andA lackadaisical certain dragging, manner instance other in as Flowers,"any where a comma comes after a very imof singing the fourmeasure duet just ways there was present the conportant noun, the director may wish a preceding. scious or subconscious knowledge

slight break after certain words. Such One does not wish to become inof a Being who would manifest Him-

a break would come in the first verse volved in technicalities in the conductself in one way or another to man after the words "earth"and "air."ing of congregational singing, but cerif He were approached in the corHere it should be hardly noticeable, tainly the singing of hymns should be rect manner. Therefore, we see in

certainly not as large a break as one governed carefully by the music notathe hearts and minds of man from would have between phrases; rather, tion; for example, the first note the the beginning this powerful, unithis sixth in the has soprano measure ofit of the duration the about should be the versal even emotion which

is half half note. note This a repetition the of hymn betweenbreak made feel times. at atheist must avowed oftthe appoggiatura following are and to careful break chord. aa make Be

this unithat to assume Are we quarter dotted as followed a en sung by length of the phrase,after about each of time it would take to draw a breath an eighth. The "C"in the soprano part versal emotion in the hearts of man

before singing the next phrase. Treat here is written to be sung on the third is a worthless one? Are we to asthe last four measures of the hymn as if beat and not lazily after the second. sume that Nature, who in other matthey were two phrases of two measures Sung this correct way the freshness and ters has been so wise in the emoeach. The small notes in bars 1316 in charm inherent in the melody are maintions placed in the hearts of man,

the left hand are not to be sung, being tained. has in this one case given to man an

also should conductor The be alertfor only. are merely the organ They worthless is not only emotion which the singers allowing danger of alto to the of soprano supportfor the and false? is actually such to but To make fifth "sag"fourth the between and lie notes above.parts which These

should not be given too much promimeasures of the last line in each verse. assumptions would be to deny the

scientific reasoning has which syllable the very point the second of At this the they organ reed be maynence—on possible in the past one hunmade half, is sung "above"on a dotted word softer lower, octave with adoubled an

combination of stops than is used in calling for a threebeat duration. Singdred years the greatest advances the

the right hand, and on the pipe organ ers must be made to move to the next world has ever seen.

a fine effect is obtained by having the harmony on time, thereby keeping the What greater mass of evidence 1 6-foot pedal tone more prominent than strength in this last important phrase. can the scientist demand than he

the of conventional march The leave 8-foot.the not out to sure Be sees hearts in the of mankind? What

in in chords open harmony bar. "The Voice twentyfirst in the altothe note rigid greater experimental and more Is Again,"of admits it of a Heard God great temptation becauseThis is a the for the usefulness evidence and free, glad, pulse. almost swinging Allies the than octave from an more

soprano note, hence cannot be played though the composer has indicated a necessity of a belief in God can he by the right hand. It is very easy to metronome mark of 60, one will find, demand than he sees in history and

play when allotted to the left hand. especially with smaller choirs, that a than he sees about him every day?

'The Voice of God Again Is Heard"slightly faster tempo will make for For where the belief in God exists, is musically one of the finest hymns in better ensemble. The text and music also exist peace, happiness, and

our collection, and has a majestic, of this hymn seems particularly well eternal progress, and where that besweeping tread found in very few wedded, and if each fourmeasure lief is absent dwell only violence, is in definite consummated It andothers. should with played be a phrase hatred, degeneration. Surely, and

style, succinct effect result. will a good full of tone, devoid organ butbroad, in before science the history of never

is 7's, 8's meter but The and and with playreed muddiness. organ Forany of evidence has such a mass accumuall last exception of syllables one the of the and having ers the of bass problem

tenor so far apart that they cannot be the 8's are on an ascending tone and lated, and with this evidence before reached with the left hand is presented all of the last syllables of the 7's on a him the scientist can only conclude on every line except the third. The descending tone. Care should be taken that God does exist.

tenor notes in every case can be easily that these final tones of the 7's be not reached with the right hand. Be careanticipated or any portamento style be

ful not to take the hymn too fast, espeemployed.

cially when announcing it before it is of training is the foundation musical congregation. sung ASPER so is DR. a do by the PLAYS AT PianoPIANOS To

of furnishes education enthe center and homethe done. ruinous be thing that can most FESTIVAL BACH for tertainment. Call or write demonstration

Be sure, where the phrase ends on a for catalogues half note, that it is held out its full "Cor the second time Dr. Frank W. NewNew SpinetsGrands fromfrom $295$545 upup

value; otherwise the hymn may be made Asper, Tabernacle organist, has* 30 months to pay if desired

at the Festival, held to of the Bach drag, voices appeared the entrance and GO. DAYNES MUSIC annually for the past seven years notes the first next of the phrase on at 47 So. Salt Main St. Lake City

will be "ragged."Carmel, California. During the week

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

CHAMPION ( Concluded from page 465 As he wearied, fear mocked him. on the ground for a second when

did not quibble about it; merely made Far more than the Indian girl's fate one managed to trip him. He must

one condition which must prevail in waited upon the outcome. Behind whip them all, not just a dozen or so,

case he whipped all of his opponents. this unknown squaw stood a few but every last one that wanted a

The chief nodded acceptance of thousand white women, their lives share in this delightful fight with the that condition, silly as he thought and homes dependent upon the in- "White Brother."

it, and Hamblin laid aside his rifle fluence of the peacemaking scout. He shook his head slightly, at

and stripped to the waist. Even if he could have failed this length, as if bewildered. The last

Knowing from experience that girl who had appealed to him as to one he had knocked down was lying

Ute tactics in a handto-hand fight a god, he must not let down his own still, but no other brave was stepping without weapons seldom matched people. Brother Brigham had called forward to take his place. He waited

the white man's, sure that these lazy him to this mission of keeping the In- a moment.

and underfed desert braves were all dians at peace with the Mormons, "Is there no other to fight Jacob his inferiors in power of muscle, still and his power to do that depended Hamblin?"he asked in their own

he was well aware that for every one upon maintaining his prestige among tongue.

he knocked out there would be anthem. The chief looked around inquirother to face and that after a while After awhile it seemed to him that ingly. There was a slight shrinkeven a man who knew Indians and this tribe numbered many thousands ing movement among the braves.

wrestling and roughand-tumble of braves instead of the handful he "There is no one. The squaw is

boxing as he did, could grow weary had seen at first. Every one he yours,"the chief said.

and miss a trick in that savage game. knocked down, every one he knocked At first shyly, then proudly, beHis first opponent faced him. out, every one who acknowledged cause the great Jacob Hamblin had

Hamblin smiled and went to work. himself beaten, was succeeded by a fought all these for her, the girl

his one It was easy at first. His name fresh one. stepped to his side. Now

and reputation among the Indians But Jacob Hamblin mustn't stop condition was to be fulfilled.

let them see "Look well at each brave,"Jacobwere almost enough to win for him. smiling. He mustn't

He was tempted to loaf along and how shaky he was getting. He Hamblin told the pretty squaw, "and

make it a good show. But there mustn't let himself grunt when a choose for yourself the one your

were too many waiting their turn at hard blow landed. He mustn't stay heart desires to be your husband."

this redoubtable friendly scout when he should tire. He could not afford

to waste a blow or a second. JOSEPH SMITH AMONG THE PROPHETS

(Continued from page 463) in making out a strong case for Josthis point of view. from eph Smith

its a sphere with popuhollow was that the of were books Church The lation surface! living the inside on his into existence through brought The more the of a notion medieval This went instrumentality contain important

to better. earth Needless one of teachings, fundamental none

scientific you have, say,flat proved knowledge in far as con- I know—is which—so fatal doctrines. to illsupported such

flict scientific, philowith conclusive the more Another "prophet,"with a good sophic, or religious knowledge. On

of contemporary notoriety, is the contrary, these basic teachings you have deal reputed to demand of his newlycorrespond with authenticated need for made disciples that they turn over to knowledge of the present and the him all their material wealth, makthis ing renunciation a conclusive test third a prophet's of mespast.A INSURANCE test material it of their faith, which to is that sage looks confidently

goods he uses for his own schemes the future /or the consummation of

Protect what you and leaves them thus "shorn."This knowledge and the triumph of good

have by insuring it. one significant requirement—signifiover evil. Prophetic messages have

cant to his advantage and to their always related themselves to the

Buy sound insurregret—seems to be the paramount three grand divisions of time, the

ance. Let us explain requisite to make them "heirs to the past, the present, and the future.

practice kingdom."Such obvious speaking, the prophet Generally has

the value of a policy is in sharp conflict with wellestab- to say most about and to his own in the Utah Home lished economic law, with social jusgeneration, but he interprets his own

2 Fire Insurance Comdoctrinetice, and ofwithconsecrationthe great ofreligiousgoods throughday in thehis lighthope ofof thethepastfuture.and

pany. to the service of God's Kingdom.

Such teachings as justice, individual prophetic2At this message,point we byoftenexpectingdo greatit injusticeto outlineto thethe is precision. future outlined with usually The future kindness, all others and

is in specific of terms. general prediction events The Utah Home Fire uprightness,

find their little which might source is at function exercised in a a prophets very by and test call. this of the minor divine but a To exalt

first to place, Insurance Co. loving God, have characterized the bestfunction as is so often done, tends

the in prophetic message, if it does not end teller. fortune Heber I. Grant & Co.. great prophetic messages of the past. obscuremaking the to prophet a kind of sacrosanct General Agents No prophet who denies their validity We ought never to forget that prophets speak priSalt Lake City, Utah can hope to have his work stand. evidencesmarily to oftheirtheirownbeingday andtrue thatspokesmenthereforeof theGodchiefare

One would have little difficulty appealto be foundand itsin results.the character of their contemporary

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

JOSEPH SMITH AMONG THE PROPHETS

Isaiah's warnings to the Judahites, is no suggestion here of blind folSmith takes high rank among the toward the close of the eighth cenlowing, but every disciple is to feel prophets. One of the articles of

tury, were delivered against the the dignity of his free agency and Church doctrine formulated by him background of Israel's history and to seek without fear the truth of exhibits one aspect of his teaching the covenant of centuries before, and existence. It is one thing for a proon freedom. It reads:

to claim of to the great phet lookedthey to be consumma- a champion the privilege of worshiping We claim freedom, thing another swords and quite be beaten wouldtion when to dictates the according to Almighty God to plowshares and men would learn permit its practice by others when he of our own conscience, and allow all men war no more. The prophet John on is in a position of control. This crithe same privilege, let them worship how,

Patmos cast his visions and warnterion of the prophetic message must where, or what they may.

ings in the language and against the be applied therefore to both the Surely this declaration is liberal background of lurid Jewish apocteaching and the practice of anyone enough for anyone. On the side of

alyptic, but they were intended to for whom the prophetic role is the practice of freedom, it has been hearten the Christians of his own claimed. noted that Joseph Smith reproved

day who were suffering bitter perseMeasured by such a test, Joseph (Continued on page 506) cution. A great deliverance awaited

those who died for the testimony of

Jesus; theirs was to be the joy of beholding a new heaven and a new

earth. Jesus showed the depth of

meaning in the Torah, God's revelation to ancient Israel, and preached This Summer Gasoline of the Kingdom of God which He as the divine Son and Messiah had introduced and of its total comingin days to be. is Certainly Great

In this respect Joseph Smith was no exception in the prophetic line.

It is apparent that his chief ministry was to the people of his own generation, he gave repeated exto whom YDU GEThortation and warning and among whom he started his great work of ABUNDANT POWER reformation and restoration. His

message lay athwart the background YDU GETof Christendom, but it contemplated vividly a glorious future. The ProMAXIMUM MILEAGEphet Joseph's vision of the future,

both in time and in eternity, is one No matter where you buy Pep 88 Gasof the most comprehensive and most oline... at home or on tour... you get:hopeful ever given to men. It stops

little short of envisioning the salvaso sane—that it furtionalluring—yetof all men. and in a heaven so Uniformly brilliant performance.

nishes a powerful motivation to ** Smooth power in abundance.

righteousness in this life. Thus the

thought future, of the for this mod- -* Maximum mileage.ern prophet, took its place in rightful relation to the past and to his

own contemporary world. 4 Higher antiknock.

C InstantInstant respcresponse for startup, traffic

An incisive means of measuring hard grades.

the prophetic message may be discovered in its position with reference to man's freedom. Does the

prophet's teaching bind human intelligence or give it free play? The

false prophet is afraid to see intelligence liberated—he fears investilestgation his of ideas suffer own

at FINE THREE GASOLINES most stations comparison. so true the proby Not

88Ethyl priced).. Pep (premium Pep 88 letphet. to-. reason us "Come,

gether,"cries Isaiah. "Prove all {regular priced) Arrow (low priced.)

things and hold fast that which is See the intermountain west this year—before

good,"says Paul. "Seek and ye you start—and along the way—get service at

shall find"and "the truth shall make this sign.

you free,"declares Jesus. There

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

JOSEPH SMITH AMONG THE PROPHETSTomorrow's Success (Continued /rom page 505) ing was nothing less than the some of the Church members in his message of Christianity itself, which, day for intolerance toward other befreed from certain impedimenta

Todays Preparation! liefs and "taught that even idolaters acquired through the centuries, is

certainly virile, the most beneficent, to in their ought be protected worand forwardmoving force human ship."3 Saints, His with the he way

once said, was to "teach them corcivilization has ever felt. It will stop

rect principles and let them govern short of nothing but the Kingdom themselves."Obviously, this did of God.

not mean dispensing with Church organization, which would be needed t-Tow does Joseph Smith rate when to take care of flagrant irregularities this supreme test is applied?

and for many other purposes. Thus Has his message produced results

was the principle of the free of consequence? The history of

agency of man emphasized in Josmore than a century of Mormonism eph Smith's teachings and practice, gives a decisive answer. If the judgin relation both to members and nonment of Thomas N. Carver is to be

members. In various other ways taken as an indication of its sucJoseph Smith proved himself an cess, it is one of the two or three4

apostle of freedom. It is clear thereChristian religions "worth having."

fore that he survives in splendid Other competent students of history fashion the prophetic test here proand presentday institutions have posed. expressed comparable judgments.

The greatest of all tests of a These may be found in quantity in literature our elsewhere. and own prophetic is the message test of ac

It is well within to the truth say that tual results. in eventuates, What

individual and social behavior, from the great Church which Joseph the proclamation of the message? Smith was divinely commissioned to

Are men and women made better? organize has produced in impressive

Are institutions for human welfare measure the fruits of the Christian built up? Is God's Kingdom adGospel. Both in its effects on indivanced? This is the pragmatic test vidual character and in the creation

institutions beneficial to mankind of the workability of of measure Entrance to the L. D. S. Business College—the distinction. achieved has Mormonism indispensable the message, in checkJust a small investment in ing whether a prophet's work is the The latest example is the Churchwide movement, "Welfare"which of God. training work right business now

is acclaimed. sueverywhere The this point enforce will it is not dividends To all your pay

is, the example of course, preme to cite life. necessary examples. numerous

All the world has benefited because Church itself with its humanitarian ecclesiastical and achievements of of revelation of the true Abram's a hundred Church has years. Our Make the effort now—before received in idolatrous Babylon. God,

the opportunity passes. The influence of Moses'message to made substantial progress in meeting the measuring standard proposed Israel itself ancient multiplied has for Register on the Fall Term their fruits Jesus: by "By ye shall a in thousandfold thinking modern 2. August September 25 or them."Smith know emerges Joseph for, in Paul's behavior, as day, and

Fill out the coupon below, paste Moses has advocates "in every city."from this significant test, accordit ingly, to card, onecent postal a not merely but success with and estimate the effects can for

tell to us. mail We'll gladly you Who "laurels with brow."on his the teachings of of good Amos, the training about exceptional and tests are other There of the mesIsaiah, facilities that employment Micah, Hosea, Jeremiah, await

you here. Ezekiel, and others of the Hebrew sage of a prophet,5 not dealt with in

prophets who, when men were in this paper. I have aimed, not at

danger of forgetting God, reminded exhausting the subject, but at makbeginning. Likewise with a good of their ing burning them with words L. D. S. BUSINESS the other characteristics of obligation to These stalwart Him?

prophet. One further qualification COLLEGE spokesmen of Jehovah welded morthe

70 North Main Street ality and religion so firmly together of accredited prophets I shall disSalt Lake City, Utah that never since their day has it been cuss, however, since it may prove of possible to separate them. Not a general interest. This qualification

I shall call integrity. personal little arises of confusion our today

L. D, College S. Business integrity possesses man who A failure this from to our emphasize Salt City, Lake Utah qualities built possesses character truth; morality, canknow, now we

Gentlemen: Please send me the bookconsistently central unify- a around effectively not taught apart be from let, "Planning Future."Your is ing a purpose. man. whole He religion. all anciently who Among

Name: spoke, none spoke so convincingly Others come to know him as dependCarver, *See T. Religion Having. N. The Worth with such as consequences and Jesus

of these, such as teachings 6Most about God, man,

Address: of Nazareth. teachresult of His their relationship, could The and under be subsumed

number 4 above, the character of the prophet's mestest 8Cf. J. E. Talmage. Articles of Faith, p. 403. sage. Their Importance deserves separate discussion.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

JOSEPH SMITH AMONG THE PROPHETS able, in and out of season. He is not interesting and distinctive because in kind—from others. Of these char-

a perfect man in any absolute sense, of their call to be spokesmen and acteristics I considered ( 1 ) his but he watches closely the bearings revealers of God to their generation. unique preparation for the prophetic

of his acts and tries sincerely to imAs such they have generally been task; ( 2 ) his call, generally conprove them and to elicit the best in misunderstood and maltreated. Any firmed by vision experience or by

everyone. He is a religious man in person's claim to speak for God may other divine means; (3) his insight,

the best sense, gravely concerned be tested by checking him in the light inspiration, and ability to adjudge that his own life be right and that of certain characteristics common to and respond intelligently and resohe give such help, by instruction and accredited prophets of the past. So lutely to a critical situation; (4) the

example, to his fellow men that they with Joseph Smith. character of his message and its

too may be zealous for righteousness My discussion began by taking results—discussed under the suband for God. Such have been the up the most obvious, yet often forheads of (a) its disinterestedness,

great prophets of the world. Their gotten, mark of a prophet, his hu ( b ) its correspondence with present

ministrations, though confined in the manness. It was contended that he and past knowledge, (c) its relamain to one people or church, have possesses this quality in common tionship to the future, ( d ) its teachreally been available for universal with other men. His distinctiveness ing with respect to freedom, and (e)

human need. They have met the was found in the qualities which its results ( a supreme test ); ( 5 ) the

severest tests of personal integrity differentiate him—in degree but not prophet's personal integrity. I have

and have been adjudged the best tried to show that, in the case of each men the world has known. of these criteria, Joseph Smith was

this, able to "qualify"and to do PIONEERS'SOIL study Smith of Joseph own My credit. great speaking generally, with feel deeply that hehas was made me

this type of man. Many who knew By Edna S. Dustin It remains to say that the cumutestify that intimatelyhim he was

shaved HPhey sincere, dependable, uprightan man, the earth and bared its dorseemslative effectto me ofto thisbe quiteline ofconvincing.argument length * mant

faults, loyalgenerous toward human the claiming to hold Should a person

Of virgin soil, enriched by ages'mould; into truth, his divine and faithful office prophetic or possess but one

mission. Like the prophets before The sea that fled left here her mineral two of the qualifications discussed,

strength. in othershim, his day he exceeded lacking posshould he the others—or to pioneers, a conqueror's gold. justice for socialin zeal the Endowed and found be sess most of them and

interests of true religion. To learn With dauntless faith they planted amber negative with respect to the rest

and to do the will of God seems to pearls, his claim to the divine calling could have been the central, unifying purAnd prayed for clouds of rain with sun not stand. Whatever the status of

pose of his life. His message was inside, such a one in the eyes of man or

for it provided and all men seeds might burst, with tiny finger for their That charitable to it is more God—and

curls thoroughly adequatesalvation on reserve to call hard than judgment teachingsterms. His and injunction scriptural life Around the rich fruits of the ageless tide. names—the

presented, e. g.,story, as by such apply: the prophet would seem to

competent historians as Hubert H. Their fields now bloom with lustrous waving has spoken presumptuously and no

Bancroft or Brigham H. Roberts, gold one need [ear. And here, in conconstitute the data in support of Of nuggets brought from ancient panners'clusion, lies the main point of my

these assertions and fully justify field. thesis: Since Joseph Smith, accordplacing Joseph Smith in the goodly When threshed, through mills to flour white ing to my estimate of him, possessed

company of the prophets. is rolled, all the important prophetic characIt may be helpful, in concluding The staff of life in shining loaves concealed. teristics—and these in a high degreethis discussion of the characteristics—the argument requires us to count

of prophets and the qualifications of Unfolding seasons find life's outgrown wings him among the prophets and to credit

Joseph Smith for a place among them, And shape them into moulds for living him with authority in his generation to summarize briefly. Prophets are things. to speak for God.

THE WORLD CRISIS AND MORMON THOUGHT

(Continued from page 460) The deepest sickness of the modern world What is the truth to be served by its in lies genuine of of conviction lack any men?.. confi-. to speak dare can struction oscillation results truth. an between There

a achieving of possibility new of thedently all truth abiding of denial cynical the and If existed for opportunity ever 1 an universalism. truth the for prostitution of of the sake conSaints a Latterday to make

.. the political social purposes. achieving and matof the finally, crux the their their to tribution fellow men, And structure built enduring can be upon. No

ter is reached in the passage which such foundations. The real issue to be faced, generation, and their world, it would

follows the lines of despair, quoted therefore, is not "What is the most effiseem that this is that time.

at integration to arrive formula a newabove cient is rather, of society?"the truth but "What

crisis, matters of this world to be served by men?"(italics placed by Tn

compare this well to Saints might do latterday author) significance politics are and social in present conviction expressed with the hopeoutlook and delivered address President McKay's David O. at And there the document ends of immediate and important concern. fifth session Annual of Conference, the 111th the

April 6, 1941. abruptly. (Continued on page 508)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

The World Crisis and Mormon Thought

( Concluded from page 507 The WEST'S GREATEST AMUSEMENT CENTER

Are there any available applications of Mormon ideas to social problems?

What is the truth to be served by

DANCING Finest N$K>> men? Physical scientists, laboring BATHING in the physical world, have laid bare NIGHTLY (Ex. Sun.) Accommodations principles which have transformed

NATIONALLYFAMOUS On Great Salt Lake life and living. Social scientists are

Orchestras in scene everincreasing on the now

Largest World's On Saltair's numbers. the lay they bare Can Unobstructed JL Crystal Beach Dance principles live tocan whereby men

Only 15c in gether to vigor the enjoy peace Floor Deluxe Cafe—Fountains comforts of the physical and world? Thrill Rides—Games principles are to such Where

found—the principles that the searchbe

for a new universalism seeks?

It is an old idea in Mormon thought, perhaps so old that it has yL%/ Saltan'For FUN IN '41! been buried and forgotten by all too

many, that these principles are to be m% found in a gospel which embraces all truth—wherever found. Perhaps

it has been so easy to fall under the

An Improvement Era Master Index will be a valuable reference spell of labels of the twentieth century, that we have come to think of work in any home or ward or library, (see page 453 for details) the "Restoration"as merely a restitution of a Sunday religious system, and not to embrace the "restitution of all things"about which Joseph

Smith, Orson Pratt, John Taylor, and current general conference addresses have spoken. "Our systems,

our policy, our legislation, our education, and philosophy are all wrong,"wrote John Taylor at Liverpool, England, commenting on the ways of the world in 1851/ It is not unusual in Mormon writings to find pertinent applications to political questions. There are more

than twentyfive striking and continued passages in the Doctrine and

Covenants relating to the single factor of nations and their existence, alone. The Book of Mormon has a

profound message for students of social and political arrangements, namely, that correct principles of social organization are available in

UTAH POULTRy PRODUCERS COOP flSS'O the universe of Mormon thought;

moreover, that when men depart, in "Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools their institutional as well as personal arrangements, from those principles, crises and breakdowns always occur. In the days of the Necrisis, republic, similar phite a when R/U/EEER'to that times, of our loomed, owniM USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

chief great the Alma, judge and his political office prophet, resignedAids in treatment of Canker, simple MOfOR1481 SOUTH LODGESTATE sore throat and other minor mouth SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR COURT in order to devote his full time to and Strictly Modern Newand throat irritations. the spiritual regeneration of his peoin Air Conditioned Summer Automatically Heated in Winter ple. Alma did not have the benefit

Beautifully Furnished Floors Carpeted With of the analysis of group of a Geneva

Tile Colored Showers, Radios Free andHall's Canker Remedy experts. international appears But it

"536 East 2nd LESS BEST THAN THE HOTELS—FOR City, Utah BETTER So.—at Salt Lake

2John Taylor, The Government of God (1851 ), p. 26.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

THE WORLD CRISIS AND MORMON THOUGHT

THE ADVERTISERS to that accident itself those be no he, with propagates peaceful by methand Where You Will Findof our to discern elite, able own that ods."while recogtime, was And

a lack of spiritual energy as the prinizing the essential equality of huTheir Messages of his people. similar needmary willbeings, will recognize man A

Alexandria Hotel.....488lesson late, in but all too was taught, in terms power and effort of human

the fall of France in 1 940. achievements which can best serve Beneficial Life Insurance ComMormon thought is rich, and it is the necessary function of leadership. pany Back Cover

largely unplumbed, even by members In fact, all the prerequisites of a Borden's Evaporated Milk 487 of the Church. In his day, Orson stable world order called for by Bluhill Cheese 487

Pratt was able to make applications Professor Lasswell are to be found Brigham Young University..482, 483

of Mormon ideas to problems of in the Mormon concept of the KingContinental Oil Company 457 mathematics, astronomy, and the dom of God, including the rarelyDaynes Music Company 503, 509 theory of physical science. Joseph tobe-used monopoly of force, and Deere, John and Co 452

Smith, Brigham Young, and John full freedom for all groups and indiDeseret News Press 510

Taylor made remarkable applicaviduals. Even the "worldmyth,"Globe Grain and Milling Comtions of it, among other things, to which all the population must take pany 484, 511

the foundation Hall's Canker Remedy......508political and social science. And in for granted—hence

our own day, great thinkers, in and for the new universalism which is so Kerr Glass 486 outside of the Church, were we only sorely needed in the world today KSL Inside Back Cover conscious of it, are blazing new trails is to be found in Mormon thought. Lankershim Hotel 509

through the sober investigation and But that this "worldmyth,"which L. D. S. Business College 506

application of basic Mormon ideas Plato, two thousand years ago also Levi Strauss 489 in many fields. Take, for example, said was necessary, is not to remain Metal Mining Industry of Utah..451

the Welfare Plan, which is all too a myth, but is to be what it is, an Miskin Scraper Works 456 little appreciated for its genius. actual philosophical system which Mountain Fuel Supply Company..454

into phase extended can any be States of Mountain Implement—455 regard to the vexing problem With life results, rests with produce and Nalley's Inc 486 security,of political world a leading intelligence of Latterday the the Par Soap 484 Companyscientist written. has Saints. Biscuit Purity 449 Co

The prerequisite of a stable order in the The opportunity to evaluate and Quish School of Beauty Culture..452

universal is aworld of symbols body and crisis Soups Rancho understand the 485 current world practices sustaining elite which an propais Royal Baking a challenge. opjust such Company. 488 Thegates itself peaceful by wields methods and

a monopoly of coercion which it is rarely portunity is not to be dismissed Safeway Stores....Inside Front Cover

necessary to apply to the uttermost. This easily or with a passing thought. Saltair Beach Corp 508

that themeans consensus order which on of the technicalities of Brands of California.-.487 world Standard What

is is necessarily based nonrational; the systems, air Oil of California Standard monetary 501 power,worldmyth for must be taken granted by trade,

most of the population.3 subject peoples, minorities, racial StarKist Tuna 487

mixtures? Here are no problems to Travelers'Motor Lodge 508

TUTormon thought contains a unibe dismissed either with a gesture Union Pacific Stages 449 versal body of symbols, based or a single passage of scripture. But Utah Engraving Company 488

on a deeper and truer conception of that light can be thrown on them Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 504

Refining Co 505the universe and of human nature, from Mormon thought, just as Orson Utah Oil and in his Pratt enlightened Poultry Producers'Wonders Cooperof Utahthan is is to It elsewhere. be found ative...508 Association the just as Universe, Taylor Johnpractical in organization. trainThe Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer....456 in did theories the analyzing ofing selection leaders of in and the

Star White Tuna 489 in Fourier and Proudhon GovThe afford Church a remarkableMormon object lesson for the training of ernment of God, just as Brigham colonizers and the Young Mormonleaders in all of life. walks Some

institutions did in setting under a upoccasionally object to the superannuthis of irrigation, just so does systemation exists which offices peamong article Latterthe that today assumeculiar to the Authorities. General

But these critics overlook the fact day Saints can contribute now to a that there are hundreds of youthful better world. But it will require the

administrators recruited by the syssame toil, study, and painstaking eftem, and that there is a very close fort that those past achievements relationship between policymaking demanded. Basic to the entire efand administration, to the extent that fort must come an appreciation ofyouthful ideas are tempered by the

wisdom of experience in the Morthe significance of the scope, the mon plan. The Mormon concept of universal scope, of Mormon thought. We specialize in music for churches and schools.

solos, for MUSIC instrumental vocal stocks actual ofthe and of principles coming the basic of Large a Kingdom Meantime, choirs, orchestras. Headquarters bands and 1 will sustain "an elite whichGod (or S. for L. orders D. organizations. Mail music religious practice ordinary Mormon

filled or write for catalogues spepromptly and;tHarold D. Lasswell, World Politics and Personal will support the cause of freedom, cial lists.

Insecurity. McGrawHill, 237. Y. N. p. (1935),

revitalize tradition, the 'See democratic Parley P. Pratt, (1837); Voice The Warning of CO. DAYNES MUSIC

Pratt, also Orsonand (1849); The Kingdom God solicit your patronage We as the foundationPresident sermon,of cit., op. David and serve McKay's O. and

St. of a 47 So. Salt Main Lake City classic other thinkers statements other bymany and

writers. "new universalism."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

SOLUTION OF JULY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle-A Righteous Rebuke "Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city I She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction."—Zeph. 3: 1, 2.

ACROSS

1 "he... on the ground, and made 34 "how is. become tributary"

clay of the spittle"35 "so he. off his shoe"

5 Romantic tales of ancient times 37 Each.. shall to pass"come books 38 Testament "And 9 Old

..". enemies is and desolation"a "mine 39 my become "how ( Tooro to tke 11Of reversed, Bani; of Roumanian. 40 thee"in Son 12 fathers...... "Our

"Let prophetess 41 Testament 14 NewSummer Jjrioe 13 City that sheltered Lot coin officer "The. great.. thinedayhandsof thebe slack"Lord is 43 15 Army

17 Son of Judah 18 "he will... do iniquity"44 Hastens

Be sure to see our beautiful, in19 "that rejoice... thy pride"46 Note

. Jerusalem".."expensive line of Wedding An2021 ThreeKing Hadar's(Sw.) city Gen. 36: 39 4748 "Thou"it shallhastbe asaidmighty...

"...."altar the "called 49 nouncements and Invitations. 23

of the tribe of "Lord.. judgesof hosts,aretheevening... ofwolves"Israel"50 was 14 across 25

Here you will find a complete..."Luke 2: 36 52 Domestic slave

26 "I have cut off,.. nations"53 King Og's city; shot a rat (anag.)

assortment of wedding station29 "The just... is in the midst"

ery, the latest and smartest. 3132 SolarBe gonedeity (Egypt. Relig.) Our18,Text19, 26,from29,Zephaniah34, 35, 41,is 43,11, 48,12,

33 Name of a letter 49, and 50 combined

PROMPT, COURTEOUS ATTENTION DOWN 2 Skin disease 24 550 Call or write today 3 "hath said against Jerusalem,..., 25 The present time

she is broken"27 Interjection expressing contempt 4 Bird 28 Compass point

is altogether vanity"Givers 35 \ke JJeswet Oxews 5 "verily every man at his best... 30 Ancestor of Christ; share (anag.)

tree (Dial. alder earth shall... to and fro Eng.) 36 "The 6 The

7 Son of Naphtali Gen. 46: 24 like a drunkard"

8 Small carpet used by Hindus to 41 Gaseous element in the air ftress... kneel upon at prayer time 42 Bone in Hosea

29 Richards Street 9 "He hath put down the mighty 45 Possessive pronoun from their..."46 "Woe unto the inhabitants of the

Salt Lake City, Utah 10 One to whom a letter is sent... coast"

13 "The word of the Lord which came 47 "he saith unto them, Why make

Pioneer printers and binders of the unto... the son of Cushi"ye this... and weep?"

West 16 Thebecausecity thatof her13 sinsdown reproved 5051 Southern.. elsestatehe will hold to the one,

22 The octave of a feast (Eccl.) and despise the other"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1941

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 481 to make one gape at those who are that untruth cannot in the end dedoing the will of God."( Teachfeat truth, yet he ever tries to deceive ings of Joseph Smith, p. 227. ) But,

the unwary. Even so with Satan. he cannot compel man to do evil.

He continues to battle for his own Too many try to place the blame for plan against the plan of the Lord. their evil doing on the devil, when

He is the enemy not merely of the the fault lies within themselves.

Lord, but of every person who seeks Touching on this subject the Prophet for truth and righteousness. All the Joseph Smith declared that "Satan sag?"

knowledge that he possesses, and he was generally blamed for the evils if he was the knows much, is used to achieve his which we did, but purposes, and his ultimate purpose cause of all our wickedness, men is to destroy, for he never constructs, could not be condemned. The devil

or builds up. His way is toward could not compel mankind to do

black chaos. evil; all was voluntary. Those who

resisted the spirit of God would be

Now the core of the meaning of liable to be led into temptation....

human activity is that man, while God would not exert any compulsory winning his body, shall progress by means, and the devil could not."

overcoming surrounding conditions. ( Teachings of Joseph Smith, p. 1 87.

He must learn to be master of every improper impulse. His right of That leads to the principle that

choice remains with him; and as he the devil is helpless, cannot lead men

chooses truth he rises towards his into error, unless his victims are willbest, devil is the the At an divine destiny.ultimate accoming. To intruder in the world; earth "Theplish this, our Father in Heaven

to belongs who'orframed him and the of of the evil designs usemakes it."ganized ( Brigham Young, Disdevil. fallen to allows His son God courses, If 105.) p. pursues one that children sotempt the of men,

truth always, seeks the for help from deliberatelythey choose more may spirit devil he can bid the of God, evil. Lordbetween good and The get behind that the knowing himcould banish angels and his Satan

be heeded. must Untruth command earth, infrom but His wisdom

is blatant, be but a always permay cowmits bodiless children His wayward ard. is devil of the power "The earth; their despiteto but upon come

limited, is the of unpower Godintentions to help are they as so used accomplish His purposes. Thus, limited."(Brigham Young, Diswhether understood by the evil one courses, p. 105.)

or not, in his evil efforts among manRecollect, brethren and sisters, every one kind, he is made an instrument to of you, that when evil is suggested to you, secure the very plan that he opposed when it arises in your hearts, it is through in the Great Council. thetempted,temporalbuffeted,organization.and step outWhenof theyouwayare

inadvertently; are overtaken you when in a *'&T that devil the needs it must be And fault, or overt commit act an unthinkingly; Xf>"&- theshould of children tempt men, or full evil are of they when you passion, and wish

could not be agents unto themselves; for to yield to it, then stop and let the spirit,

if they never should have bitter they could which God has put into your tabernacles, Add variety to family meals with not know the sweet. (Doctrine and Covetake the lead. If you do that, I will promise thrifty appetizing dishes made with

nants, 29:39.) that you will overcome all evil, and obtain Globe "Al"Macaroni, Spaghetti or

eternal lives. But many, very many, let Noodles! Notice how these good Globe

Man may of himself, with no outthe spirit yield to the body, and are over- "Al"products cook up firm and tender.

side temptation, choose between Discourses,come and destroyed.p. 107.) (Brigham Young,

good and evil. The binding of

Satan during the millennium means In summary; There are many

only that he is banished from earth gradations in knowledge, power, and outside temptationand that no is integrity the spirits personal among GLOBE topresented agency man. Man's in the spirit world. They have who

remains untrammeled. The devil, learned truth, then oppose it, are evil.

or his messengers, suggests evil, As far as this earth is concerned, whispers to his victims, paints sin in Satan is the leader of the evil spirits colors,glowing makes evil seem battle against inwho the Lord's plan IPDLESviting, thrill a urges momentary of salvation. are as personal They

against permanent joy—in short, as the spirits who come on earth to ACARONI

tries to deceive, to make a lie apassume mortal bodies. If personality

pear as desirable as truth. In the in the spirit world is at all accepted, SPAGHETTI

words of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, the personal nature of the devil must "The devil has great power to debe accepted. There is a personal tityew? foocmo

ceive; he will so transform things as devil.—/. A. W.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY BETTER THAN SUICIDE going to let that redhead steal not "Surely you're Dolly: front different expression the unlikeness, to express

your boy friend!"colloquial, in England even to is Different usage. best INis orderthe

first!"Polly:'"Never! I'll dye anyusage is not good it than different originated; and where

where. Example: Correct usage—An apple is different from TOO LATE an orange.

$ Mother: "Billie, sit down and tell your little sister a story."

Newburgh, New York. Billie: "I can't sit down, Mother. I just told Daddy a

story."Editors: Dear PROGRESS GREAT it is wonderful every "in mag- a home"; should be Era THE

it month, to both every forward look so azine and we for the first time in twelve Alice today Bill: "Yes, I met sell It isn't to the it pracEra, Saints. hard missionaries and

years."itself. sells tically

figure?"girlish her kept she Jerry: "Had of used and a song enclosed, up made is a copy we Also

it!"it! doubled she Say, Bill: "Kept is It "I've to the Been tune of campaign. sung the during Era

Working on the Railroad"—and proved quite a lot of fun. REASON FOR SILENCE sincerely, Very

Kelley, Kathryn this I've sold herb tonic "Yessir, Quack Doctor: District, Eastern States Mission. Missionary, Hudson

complaint. a heard never twentyfive years and Nowfor whatover

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA doesVoicethat Fromprove?"the Crowd: "That dead men tell no tales."

(Tune: "I've Been Working on the Railroad") STILL THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL

read, should magazine that we The it, he's If after runs a money, if he moneymad; keeps man Era; Is Improvement The it, if if he's miser; playboy; get he doesn't spends a a he

proudly to coast, coast we From boast, he'sit, it, if he's try get doesn't to lacks a ne'erdo-well; he he

Era. Improvement Of The it, it If he's for gets ambition. without parasite; working he a

accumulates if he and Chorus a call him fool who neverit aftergot anythinga lifetimeoutof ofhardlife.work, people should read the Era, Everyone

year All the whole through, DIVINE RIGHT to sixty; from six Everyone

And you know that means you, From its pages we glean knowledge, Teacher: "James, why do we call English our mother

tongue?"on, goes of what And hear

James: "Because Mother uses it more than Father!"all its people; the Church and Among

Zion's growing strong. THE WHOLE TRUTH

Fort Sill, Oklahoma. Johnny hated his early bedtime. In one nightly argument his

The Improvement Era mother told him how all the little chicks went to sleep with the

Gentlemen: WANT to express how much I appreciate the Era. Since I sun.alwaysSilentgoes forto beda momentwith them,he thenMama."piped up: "But the old hen

I was inducted into the army four months ago, my folks their subscription a copies, and I have sending been have me LOST EXCUSE is at material this reading a premium month. starting Good

here in the army so I really appreciate something like the In one primary class so many children seemed under six

Era. Besides, it certainly helps me to keep in touch with what years that every child was asked to bring his birth certificate

is going on in the Church. I seem so isolated here after being next morning. The first thing next day Ann raised her hand

active in the Church all my life. and exclaimed apologetically, "Teacher, I'm so sorry. I forgot

Sincerely, your brother, to bring my 'scuse for bein'born!"

J. Eugene Fletcher.

-$- TIMELY ADVANCEMENT The Improvement Era Pat (pointing toward his heart): "Sure it was here where

Dear Friends: I was struck by the enemy's bullets."

relief refreshing that is a (looking at dubiously sure him) the Era man, and if Mike I'm writing "Ay, while I say killed."heart the shot through ye'd: had been truth been of quiet have conye its pages The propaganda. war MAYfrom

trasts just as widely with today's sensational literature as the Pat (shaking his head): "Ye're wrong, Mike. At the time

bit of quiet mountain scenery on its cover contrasts with the I was shot me heart was in me mouth."

cover pictures that glare from the news dealers'shelves.

R. Walter Fowler. SWEET AFFECTION

sixher studying Psalm, asked mother a when were They Era Improvement "loving kindness"meant. yearold what Editor: Dear

I "I said, think piece of ask bread he "Well,"when you friends in close your I have had not a Mormon, I am While it that's give to me, butter and you and when kindness—butfor a years here about the missionaries two Church. I met

it, that's kindness!"loving put on jam you ago....

I have kept in touch with your missionaries ever since. At

present have a regular Saturday night "date"with Sister DEFLATION

Briggs, Elders Andrew and Kendall, to study "Doctrine and

Covenants."She: "Did anyone ever tell you how wonderful you are?"

Cordially, He: "I don't believe they ever did."

Samuel Wolfe, Jr. She: "Then where'd you get the idea?"

NEW FRONTIERS OF SERVICE

all things, only change is permanent] oF

Today political history marches at rapid tempo. Literally within the space of a few hours

nations fall, new rulers are crowned, the face of the world is modified. Our lives, too, are pitched

at an ever faster pace. We work harder, we play

harder.

Time is indeed a crowded place. This constant change, this evermoving current scene

presents a new challenge. This is our new

frontier.

In this changing pattern, radio stays abreast of the march of time. KSL and Columbia, day

after day, meet the challenge of a rapidlymov- ing world by providing entertainment, music, news and educational features that are timely and that are timed to the demands of this restless, energetic, modern world.

Thus KSL, too, serves on this new frontier.

>vvWvWvvi *4HtMW W 'J SUPREME IN THE WES 1160 KILOCYLES 50,000 WATTS SHIP

In the heart of New Mexico's Navajo country, stands "Shiproclc,"imperishable remnant of an ancient mountain. Sentinel of the desert; sacred landmark to generations of Redmen; symbol of strength, security, solidarity.

Shiproclc, indeed. But change the sound of one syllable, two letters, and you

have, not safety, not security, not "Shiprock,"but shipwreck! And so with

life! How small the difference between success and failure, between a future

protected by life insurance costing only a few cents a day and a family shipwrecked in the sea of adversity should the storms of life sweep you under.

Heber J. Grant, Pre*. Salt Late City. Utah