vt W

:- 1'

IN THIS ISSUE T.Hfe fW>Ar3 fWiBUTfe, '10 PRfSIDWT J'JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH.

WHO WILL BE 90 YEARS OF AGE I UU.. *.

ALSO FEATURED: TJ SPIRITUAL B ACKGROU r JO OF AM

the: inspiring STORY of the hill CUMORAH PAGLANT

Nature,.i;. n canJataKe yyouuu hackPrepoU.rt.on.toM where untaxed. w W

T where.'"....*uctrfiamsthe streams area e asyclear

is Suzuki pollution solution to Our

there. transport you *..7uki can

s engine DualStroke an claw over 50 gradesba)

civilization with an extr;

oucan * r0C s P moving switchg%* without i.needsspeeua ot on oaga a than less on,l day a mub gas, responsive the teel and reins, the of twist a justaiw.iiist h with.MpUhave

- I U-J'am gas steed ends that -,othrunning thfrom. - fr Qll7Ilki. bred is one

\ Gran the win that SeethemaUatyou sSuMW information (or write or P. 0B Corporation M tor "Calif. Ana, Santa **Oj

.Nfev

sc

#,i*f** J

r

;,...: THE MOST SIGNIFICANT ARCHEOLOGICAL

...DISCOVERY OF OUR TIMES WHICH CLOSELY

PARALLELS LEHI'S DREAM"ENJOY THE HERITAGE OF THE LEHI STONE

"Stella 5, Izapa; an Unusual

'Treeof-Life'Sculpture From Ancient Central America."

By M. Wells Jakeman, author.

1 I, / 1 "The detailed study of the

Religious Scene found in z. f) \ complexcarved on this monument,

the light of early writings of

Mesoamerica and a closely corresponding Tree - of - Life

Story.

Order forthcoming book c/o Dept. of Anthropology of

America, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Yv.y

Now Available... authentic sculptured reproduction of the LEHI STONE including

film slides and sound recordings concerning the early inhabitants of the American

Continent as depicted in The Book of Mormon.

50Available in Stone Reproduction >49 or Wall Plaque includes the following

Twenty Minute Professional Narration by J. Wendell Noble. Available SATISFACTION Guaranteed 100% satisfaction of LEHI STONE and

on L.P. Records. accompanying visual and hearing aids or your money cheerfully

COMPLETE SET of 35 mm Color Slides... actual photos of the refunded.

Lehi Stone and its surrounding historical native environments.

(Keyed for use with recorded narration.) LEHI STONE19'A"x 17%"x oVz"thickness (Plaque 1914"x 17%"x Vk"

DESCRIPTIVE BOOKLET... Covering the brief history of the origin thickness). Authentic 3 dimensional reproduction (one fourth size)—

and discovery of the LEHI STONE (Stella V) original stone is 7 ft. high.

STONE Please accept enclosed check or money order for Lehi Stone $49.50

REPRODUCTION Lehi Plaque $39.50 (prices include tax and postage).

Payable to LEHI ENTERPRISES INC., 1527 Deerhoven, Hacienda Heights, California 91745

I".? 1.! "A

NAME.

ADDRESS..CITY.

STATE ZIP.

WALL PLAQUE SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for July 1966 Volume 69, Number 7

Church Features ART AXD PHOTO CREDITS

Art: The Editors Page: Our Pioneer Heritage, President David O. McKay 610 605, 634,606, 680610, -620,Ed 627,Marvon629,

Your Question: Testimony of the Three Witnesses, 614622 -- EvPoussinThorpe

President Joseph Fielding Smith 612 630,624 -644DaleKilbouroRalph Reynolds, Eel

The Church Moves On, 604; Melchizeclek Priesthood: A Summer Home Evening, 644; 632 Maryon—Jeanne Lindorff

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 646. 649640,—641,JaNeanne674, 675,Allen676 - Sherry

Johnson 678 - D. G. Andersen

Special Features Lettering:

610—Maurice Scanion

Tribute to President Joseph Fielding Smith, The First Presidency..... 613 665, 677 - John Bulloek

President Joseph Fielding Smith, Doyle L. Green 614 Photos:610 - Ralph Clark

Gems of Wisdom from Joseph Fielding Smith 620 616624——DeseretChinch InformationNews Service

Teaching: How Jesus Dealt with Men, Robert J. Matthews 622 642665—- DoyleWalt DisneyL. GreenProductions

Hill Cumorah Pageant, Eleanor Knotvles 624 668670,schoten672, 673 - Eldon K. lin-

I Am a Pioneer, Golda Gurr Guymon 630

The Spiritual Background of Americanism, Alma P. Burton 632

Since Cumorah, Hugh Nibley 636

Genealogy: The Instruction Manual.. 640

Best of Movies, Howard Pearson 642

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans...661, 662, 664

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 605; These Times: Ecumenical Change,

G. Homer Durham, 606; Buffs and Rebuffs, 608.

The Era of Youth 665 The Last Word 680

Family and Home Features

Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

A Never, Never Land for Mothers 648

Home, Sweet Home... 651

Stories, Poetry The Convert, Joseph Tilton 627

Poetry, 626, 628, 629, 643, 652, 656

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

O. Editor; Richard and David L. Evans, L. Zobell, Managing Doyle McKay Albert Carter Darold M.

Todd, Editorial Gabbott, Jones Eleanor Marlowe, Mabel L.Knowles,Green, Today's Florence Editor;Family Editor; MarionE. Grant,D. Hanks, The

Editor; Editor; Elalne Youth Associate Era Jay TheM.Editors; Cannon, Keith Art Director; Associates;Montague, The of Era of Reynolds, General EraB. Pinnock,of Jr.,YouthResearch Ralph Art

Artist. F. Price, Director; Staff YouthNorman

S. G. Harris, Durham, Franklin Nd3Ley, Editors. B. Sperry, SroNEY A. Gardiner, Homer Contributing Hugh Alma tranquility quiet of the The

S. Smith, Carlos Jacobsen, G. General Manager; Associate Jr.,Florence General Manager; F. Scott, Business Verl Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Ponds, Beaver Mountain Rocky Director; Advertising Evans,Jr., Representatives. Smith, Thayer S. Glenn

is Park, National Colorado,

Superintendent, General Mutual Association Saints, Improvement Young Christ of Latterday Church of The 1966, of Jesus published and by the

Associations of Christ Improvement All of Mutual capturedLucien Bownby Photographerof Chester, Utah. Latterday rights The ChurchMen's reserved. Subscription advance; in price, $3.00 a year, subscripmultiple

year, $5.75; 3 years, $8.25; each tions, 2 years, to succeedingof Jesus $2.50 threeyear the price. a year Saints.added

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act

is Improvement for The unsolicited Era not responsible manuscripts for Manuscripts but contributions. are welcomes paid on acceptance, and must be acsufficient for delivery companied postage return. by and lithographed Cover Thirty days'notice for is required of address. change recent please include address issue a change, a of the magazine. slip from Address Deseret by News Pressin full color changes cannot unless old the be made well as Whenthe address as neworderingone is included.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

crp CT UCJ G&uli 15 UU Here are afew of the manyfine L.D.S. books availablefrom

Deseret Book Company - words of inspiration and understanding that will strengthen your knowledge and appreciation of the gospel

By Duane S. Crowther

PLEASE TELL ME $4.95 by Elizabeth and J. Stanley Schoenfeld $2.95

Written by a stake mission president and a junior Sunday School coordinator, PLEASE TELL ME contains answers to numerous gospel questions that children constantly ask. Helpful and informative.

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL

QUESTIONS VOLUME V

by Joseph Fielding Smith $2.95

Worthy addition to the four previous volumes in series. Answers such questions as: Use of

Cola Drinks and Playing Games of Chance; Adam is Not the

Father ofJesus Christ; Was the

Apostle Paul Married? Magnificent and useful addition to any

This forthcoming volume will be an essential home library.

study supplement to the Old Testament for

L.D.S. readers, students, and teachers. Contains an analysis of the doctrinal contributions

of the Old Testament, valuable charts and maps in full color, important historical information, a study guide to each of the THE LITTLE THINGS $2.50

prophetic books of the Old Testament, and by Mirla Greenwood Thayne invaluable course outlines for teachers. Of A book that joyously recalls the

special interest is the carefully prepared list little things of life - lyrically us that they are reminding some of prophecies concerning the last days.

life's of sweetest moments. Join

this reference, Designed as a comprehensive as she Mirla Greenwood Thayne penetrating volume is a must for any basic fashions for us an exquisite web

Bible library! Send in your order now to of tender memories - designed to

receive prompt delivery upon publication. forcapture... theandlittleexaltthings.our feelings

Order Now

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 777 South Main, Orange, Calif.

Please send me |J Prophets of the Old Testament fj Answers to Gospel Questions, Volume V J Please Tell Me | \ The Little Things

Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake store add 3'/2% sales tax. residents ordering from California Orange tleseret store add 4% COMPANY Book

sales order for $ tax. Enclosed is a check/money 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE MALL AND AT COTTONWOOD

SALT LAKE CITY Or, charge my account. Era July 66

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST. ORANGE. CALIFORNIA Name

Address.

City.State Zip.

JULY 1966 The Church Moves On

APRIL 1966

Calgary North Stake, 416th now functioning in the Church, was organized from parts of Calgary (Alberta, Canada) Stake by Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve and

President A. Theodore Tuttle of the First Council of the Seventy.

Gerald E. Melchin was sustained as president of Calgary North

Stake with Seth R. Nelson and Harold E. Kearl as counselors.

David B. Bullock and counselors Orville W. Matheny and

Wallace R. Hanson were sustained as the presidency of Calgary

Stake. The retiring presidency are Frank H. Pitcher and his counselors, Ralph H. Walker and Elder Matheny.

"Where the World J. Wilburn Bowns succeeded Lawrence B. Johnson as president

Registers"of Woodruff (WyomingUtah) Stake with Lynn McKinnon and

Harry Lee Bodine as counselors. The new president and first

Your next trip to Denver—the counselor were serving as counselors to President Johnson.

climate capital of America—Elder Barry Nielson, 19, of Lynndyl, Utah, serving in the

in Coleraine, Irish a car Mission, was killed by when struck

Utah, services at Delta, held Ireland. Funeral were will be most memorable when ENorthern

you stay at the Brown Palace. April 29.

600 air conditioned rooms Mrs. Zelma Ririe West of Salt Lake City has been appointed

suites and executive rooms to the Relief Society general board.

five famous restaurants f!f% Gerald R. Stott and counselors Lee C. Nelson and Walter A.

Falls (Monof Great as the presidency sustained were Bock complete convention Efefl counselors President and Stake, succeeding Victor Bowen tana) accommodations Arden S. Payne and James R. Hansen.

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE The First Presidency announced that the following men have

EJ1A been called to serve as mission presidents: Robert L. Backman

of the Parleys (Salt Lake City) Stake presidency, President RayPresi- Stake, East Seattle (Washington) of the Eldredge mond W.

General Manager KARL W. MEHLMANN, President Stake, the of (Idaho) S. Satterfield Alameda dent Homer

by: Represented

) President Stake, Arza ( Arizona of the East Mesa Egbert J. Brown MEMBER F. WARNER ROBERT H. Stake, Reid Bishop City) (Salt of Lake the Ensign A. Hinckley York City New

GLENN W. FAWCETT Johnson of the Canyon Rim (Salt Lake County) Second Ward.

Los Angeles Others are Verl F. Scott of the YMMIA general board, business

manager of The Improvement Era, President Orin R. Woodbury

of the Mt. Olympus (Salt Lake County) Stake, Lloyd R. Hicken

Bishop (Salt City) Ward, Sixth Lake the Parleys of Cannon CONSULTANTSLDSJ FASHION of the South Davis (Utah) Stake presidency, Bishop George I. and Bishop City) Ward, (Salt Lake of Lucero Burton H. ALL STAKES Robert WANTED IN

Ninth Ward. (Utah) of Bountiful L. Christensen Don

v, Lingerie with of Vaughn appointment the announced First Presidency The display- t sleeves, mispriesthood general to the City of Salt Lake ing the elegance J. Featherstone

of modesty. sionary committee.

Call or write: Oakland 4th (California) Ward won the allchurch senior

251 1 South West Temple volleyball tournament by defeating Lanakila (Hawaii) Ward.

Salt Lake City, Utah 4862359 BYU 38th placed third, Capitol Hill fourth and sportsmanship,

Provo 5th fifth. In the junior volleyball tournament the winner

was Santa Ana (California), which defeated Holladay 7th. BountiHEADQUARTERS

for ful 5th placed third, Clearfield 2nd fourth, and Holladay 2nd fifth,

SACRED RECORDINGS with Colorado Springs (Colorado) being awarded the sportsman1470 South State ship trophy.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Ph. 4871096

COVENANT RECORDINGS

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

ATMOSPHERIC WEIGHT

In a study of the atmospheric pressure and height distribution of the earth's land, Franco Verniani has computed that the total material in the earth's atmosphere is 11.3 million million million

pounds. The atmosphere mass is

less than one millionth that of the earth.

BATS NOT FOOLED

Bats can learn to distinguish between edible and nonedible targets by using their echolocation ability. In a Harvard University

laboratory, bats have learned to catch nearly every mealwormmechanically tossed into the air BIRTHDAYS ARE FUN!

one at a time. When metal or plasWhether you're a little girl or a seventyfive year old sugar company,

tic disks of about the same size were mixed in, they also caught birthdays are memorable. Before we blow out the 75 candles on our

them. After several days they Diamond Jubilee Birthday Cake, we want to make these wishes for

rejected all but 10 to 20 percent of our many friends:

the disks without touching them and still caught 90 to 100 percent TO THE LADIES May you enjoy the fun of of the mealworms. making sweet treats for loved ones... U and I

Sugar will help with as fine a sugar made, anywhere in the world!

TO THE MEN May your days start bright and end pleasantly... from breakfast to evening

dessert, U and I Sugar promises to sweeten your day!

TO OUR GROWERS May you have abundant sunshine and rainfall... and produce a bumper

CHINESE BELLS crop of homegrown U and I Sugar.

Emperor Yung Lo of the Chinese TO OUR NORTHWEST FRIENDS IN MANUFACMing dynasty between 1403 and TURING Bakers, bottlers, candymakers, can1424 A.D. had five massive bells ners, freezers, preservers and ice cream manubell weighs cast. Eachof copper facturers... U and I will continue to supply is shell about thenearly 60 tons;

16 feet high, one foot thick, and the highest quality sugars that help you make has a maximum circumference of your products the best of their kind.

36 feet. The inner and outer surfaces of the bells bear Chinese TO THE TAXPAYERS May our 45 million dolversions of Buddhist texts and lar sugar industry flourish and continue to

prayers in Sanskrit. contribute millions of tax dollars for better

schools, highways and public services.

TO EVERYONE SWEETNESS IN YOUR LIFE! YOUR HOME SUGAR

JULY 1966 605 Mix

Prices are LOW in Idaho

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

designs in white and latest parchments.

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other accessories. One day rush order service.

Ecumenical Change Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) THESE TIMES

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Name - President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Address City, Zone, State A noteworthy change has ocas a result of the Roman Catholic curred in interfaith relations. There statements, may be expected in

have been interesting developsuch countries as Spain. How

BLACK & WHITE ments since Pope John XXIII inquickly such changes can come voked Vatican Council II. With will be interesting phenomena to

the adjournment of the council's observe. They may require a gensessions the considerable in 1965 promuleration or more and came

priests of Lifts 8 exposure roil gation Catholic stimuli from and many new

DEVELOPED & PRINTED documents. Among them was a There are extremely interestinglaity.

IN JUMBO SIZE declaration on religious liberty. changes in the United States. Some

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 Accepted and now promulgated as personal experiences will illustrate.

36 exposures $1.50 Roman Catholic doctrine are conIn 193637 I represented the

COLOR FILM domcepts ofof conscienceindividual libertythat "exploded"and freeofLatter-dayReligious SaintsAdviserson atthetheCouncilUCLA

Religious in Protestantism Conference. and Western The adDEVELOPING politics visers during the Reformation. consider a suggestion met to

in staff the Christian from (the believed conference always "We KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per Civil religious said that Spanish freedom,"Father on) and was War

Dev. Printing and $2.55 all religious join in the groups Murray, emiCourtney a comroll John Roll 1 2-Exposure per

Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro || nent Catholic theologian, recently mon conclave to discuss the relaColor Reprints 204 each in my presence. "But somehow the tions of religion to peace. Our

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per churchto regainhadthetopropercircle emphasis."back in orderHe goodimmediatelyfriend, theremindedCatholichis priest,col- 1 35 mm

20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll then quoted from the American leagues that under such a rubric,

135 mm Color Slides per Declaration of Independence the he and Catholic students could not exp., 36 Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll significant words: participate. To Catholics, there Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll "We hold these truths to be selfcould be only one definition and

evident, that all men... are enunderstanding of the word "reGENEALOGY PHOTOS dowedcertain unalienableby their Creatorrights..with., ligion."sion and Consequently,plan were modified.the discusThe

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD [and] that to secure these rights, eventual gathering became one in PHOTOS, 604 each. representative each of the PRINTS governments are instituted among which

of NEGATIVE, 54 each faiths different in men...."came forward

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s The most profound changes in turn and reported the position (if

MoneyBack Guarantee ecclesiastical and political affairs, any) his church took with respect

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City,

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to war. There was no attempt at

general exchange of ideas as to the relations of religion to peace.

On April 19, 1966, I was an honored guest at Stovall Hall at the

Catholic Newman Center at Arizona State University. I am frequently invited there and always

find a warm welcome as well as much appreciated prayers for the health and welfare of the institution over which I preside and for its president. On this most recent

occasion, I dined at a table with

Father John Courtney Murray of

Woodstock, Maryland, Father Thomas A. Walsh, the director of

the Newman Center at ASU, and Father Hope, the associate director.

At the same table were the Protestant Episcopal bishop of Arizona A MASTER INDEX and his wife, Bishop and Mrs.Joseph M. Harte, Reverend and NOW!Mrs. B. R. Johnson of the campus for ALL MAJOR CHURCH PUBLutheran ministry, Reverend

Charles Crouch of the Methodist licationsChurch, Rabbi Albert Plotkin of

Temple BethIsrael, and others.

The friendly spirit among all parby SUBJECT and AUTHOR ties, the cordiality and the goodwill were unmistakable. SUBSCRIBE NOW ONLY $10.00

As host, Father Walsh called starting with January 1966 (Jan., for the entire year - postage and

upon Bishop Harte to say grace Feb. and Mar. 1966 now ready

before the meal. The Protestant for mailing). Eleven monthly handling included. Mail the orEpiscopal leader of the Diocese of issues (Jan. thru Nov.)... PLUS der form below immediately to

Arizona responded in eloquent the 12th issue—a bound volume insure prompt delivery.

humility. After the meal the party of the entire year.

into chapel. the nearbywent $7.93 There, A VALUABLE AID ONLY faculty, students,several hundred

other religious leaders, and friends for teachers, writers, students and for the yearend bound edition waited to hear the address from ward, branch, stake and mission... postpaid.

Father Murray. After greetings libraries. Find any article writ-

...from the Newman Center's affable ten by church authorities.

director, Father Walsh, I was inquickly, effortlessly for use as troduced for a brief address. The reference material.

Jewish leader, Rabbi Albert Plotkin, then introduced the major speaker of the evening, Father

Murray, who delivered a remarkMail to:

able and scholarly address. Next,

as in the give and take of the acaEXTENSION PUBLICATIONS demic community (but in the Division of Continuing Education

Newman Club chapel), the ProtesHerald R. Clark Building

tant Episcopal leader, Bishop Brigham Young University

Harte, by prearrangement, was Provo, Utah 84601called upon to offer comment and critique of Father Murray's address. This was ably and intelliPlease Send: 1 year subscription @ $10.

gently done. There followed the Yearend volume @ $7.95.

questionand-answer period. The

first question, from a student, was Payment enclosed opinion solicitto the speaker's as NAME effects of theto the possible

Declaration on Religious Liberty ADDRESS as it is read, discussed, and absorbed. (Continued on page 652) CITY STATE... ZIP.

JULY 1966 607 WHEN YOU'RE IN HAWAII ENJOY ALL THE Buffs FUN AND EXCITEMENT and OF ALL THE Rebuffs OTJ Unforgettable villages of Tahiti, Fiji, Samoa, Tonga, Old Hawaii and Maori New Does Tab Contain Caffeine? needs a longer working day. Realizing

Zealand, from open daily that Sundays except a good the member of Church not food fadists We are nor are we wouldn't fish on the Sunday, apstaff Polynesian 2-hour 10 a.m. Authentic muradicals the on of Word but Wisdom, parently to failed note that the day much has been said in sical the evenings. includes pageant $7.90 Church before the fishing date was Saturday.

about drinks that contain caffeine. press deadlines As approached and admission, buffet dinner. See and show is Since Tab by made CocaCola tasks multiplied, we wish someone

Bottling or write: agent your travel Company, do why you adhere would have had your eyes. sharp

it vertise in the Era?

Anita Farnsworth "Since Cumorah"in a Book?

/fclynesinti Mesa, Arizona I have long been an admirer of

Renter MarchAfterissue,seeingweyourphonedad onourTablocalin disthe Hughpen. ForNibley'sover penetratinga year nowandI havebold

tributor, and reading with interest he informed his us that been "Since Laie, Oahu, Hawaii Tab contains series caffeine Cumorah"more like than reguand to would if CocaCola. there know the are Perhaps plans to put the Utah Tab Inc. lar Center, Cultural Operated by Polynesian

series is a different in drink book form. the disfrom one nonprofit corporation of the A Church tributed elsewhere. would E.M.G. appreWe of Christ Jesus Saints of LatterDay ciate further your investigation. Illinois Chicago,

Nathan Plumb Phoenix, Arizona Upon completion of the series, DesCHI'S TOURS The Improvement Era's advertising eret"SinceBookCumorah"Companyin bookwillform-.publish.

policy strict demands to adherence INC. TRAVEL In AGENCY, a of Sick Publications Day established policies and good business

179 St., South City, State Salt Lake Utah ethics. to refer we you reMay two I have been an subscriber for Era cent articles that give our position on years many and have always enjoyed in SPEND CHRISTMAS drinks containing, caffeine: "Your the magazine but never so as much Question"by President FieldJoseph HAWAII MEXICO OR the I years. past it is few trethink ing in Smith September 1965 and I mendous, receive and inspiramuch Limited "The Space by Dr. Whip"Only—H. Ray Barton Make tion help its and excellent from in February 1964. State Utah A Reservations Now!! articles. In a so world with awash Chemist's test Office procured Tab of sick and degrading printed matter, in in Other Tours Utah (number reads: 66COU) articles these like stand out bright

: none.""Caffeine subsequent check A Aug., Sept., Oct. Nov. and beacons. for Thank you The Improvewas made obtained Tab of in Arizona. Era. ment 3221205 report, That the in number 66C492 Covey Mae Garner State Utah Chemist's also Office, Beach, Newport California reads: none.""Caffeine:

Voting for Good Movies Fishing on Sunday?

We are in the theater business and

The leading figures in "Sing No Sad wish to tell you of our wholehearted

Songs,"your March story, pose as support for your motion picture imgood members of the Church. The provement program. But may we

hero even asks the heroine to attend suggest some things that perhaps church with him after they meet at a church members have not considered

Saturday night party. But the next thoroughly. Films are produced to

day, instead of attending church, they make money. If a picture does well

T BAR PLASTIC BAG SEALER go fishing. Shouldn't the ideals and at the box office, there will be more

FOR YOU, QUORUM, RELIEF examples given in the Era reflect like it. The reverse is also true: if it

church standards? does poorly, the will film not makers... SOCIETY Jones Wilford it. like others make IDEAL USE, FOR PERSONAL AT HOME, OR Victorville, California church many one How RELIEF members—on SOCIETY of those free rare evenings which

in sealing Use items. Primary, BAZAAR certainly it should, They and is the they to decided see have a show—atin projects, Genealogy; Building Quorum Fund desire staff's will that such always tend film they a nothing about? know

seals plastic bags, sheets, coated case. be the the in characters for picture As that is The is playing probably paper, foils coated metal it story, the they that seems need a one of those that like too we would $19.95 4Va"challenge their and to fire. home in from the throw church The 7"$29.95

it Complete Kit teachers;visit also 13"the that appears staff $34.95 {Continued on page 638)

HARWlLm % CO.—*.'Santa1009 MontanaMonica,Avenue,Calif90403

6O8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA At last, a new Missionary Bible

Approved King James version with a 96 page reference by

Dr. Milton R. Hunter, First Council of the Seventy, specially

compiled to conform with six lesson missionary program.

32 page section of ruled note paper.

Handsomely bound in genuine leather with gold embossed title.

Printed in Great Britain on the finest quality India paper.

Easy to read, self - pronouncing clearback type with ample margins.

Center reference column for Old and New Testaments.

Red under gold page edges and ribbon marker.

Available in both indexed and Special features of this excellent Indexed Biblical Atlas with 12 regular styles.

reference Bible include: pages of maps in full color.

154 page Concordance to the D Special 66 page section of Helps Regular $12.50

Old and New Testaments. to the Study of the Holy Bible. Indexed $13.50

Enclosed is check or money order in the amount of $ Please send copies regular and/or or order by mail from copies indexed Missionary Reference

Bible. (Residents of Utah add 3V2%Order from your BOOKCRAFT sales tax.)

Bookcraft dealer 1186 South Main Name.

Salt Lake City, Utah Address

City, State, Zip.

JULY 1966 609 This is the season when once again we turn our just as did formerday Christians who faced death hearts and our thoughts to honor the living memory in the Roman arenas.

of the pioneers who entered the Salt Lake Valley That which made the Utah pioneers truly worthy beginning in July 1847—119 years ago. of the homage we pay them and which will enhance

In the words of Garfield, theirs was "a world of their greatness in future 'years is not the mere fact memories, a world of deeds, a world of tears, a that they endured persecution, suffered privations, world of glories."Their undying fortitude and herosubsisted in a wilderness, and made the thousandmile

ism have been and will continue to be a guiding and journey across the plains from Winter Quarters to encouraging light to all who read their simple but the Salt Lake Valley—achievements, it is true, worthy

incomparable story. of our praise—but what made them truly great was

Their mortal bodies have crumbled to dust, and the fact that no matter how intense their sufferings nearly everything physical about them has perished, or how dark their forebodings, they ever cherished but their matchless faith in a divine Providence—that as beacon lights unchanging truths fundamental to

invisible power which "makes the discords of the preshuman peace and progress.

ent harmonies of the future"—lives on imperishably. First and foremost was their unwavering faith in

Men may die, but principles live on. Ideality is the existence and nearness of God their Father and

ever the true source of inspiration and progress. Edof his Son Jesus Christ. Every day of their toilsome

ward Everett once said: "There are two master ideas, journey was begun by prayerful devotion. Instrucgreatest of the spiritual images enthused in the mind tions were given that "at five o'clock in the morning

of man, the only ones, comparatively speaking, which the bugle is to be sounded as a signal for every man deserve a name among men. These great ideas are to arise and attend prayers before he leaves his

—God and Liberty."wagon."To foster reverence is to develop in man his

It was faith in God as a loving Father who will noblest virtue.

and does guide, through inspiration and revelation, To be prepared for any eventuality was a second those who seek him in sincerity—it was the defense fundamental requirement. Theirs was physical danof liberty to worship God as conscience dictates—it ger, and "every man must carry his loaded gun or

was a sublime confidence in inspired leadership that else have it in his wagon where he can seize it at a caused the thousands of Latterday Saints to seek moment's notice."

refuge on the plains between Nauvoo and Winter Then on July 24, 1847, President Brigham Young

Quarters in the fall of 1846 and on to the Salt Lake arrived at the spot now marked by the monument at

Valley beginning in April 1847—men and women who the mouth of Emigration Canyon. Looking over the

offered their lives in maintenance of a great cause valley he said: "This is the place."

THE EDITOR'S PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID. O. McKAY

fr.t//SrWT4

WmnDwmm

6tO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What was behind this thought? Arriving at the crest of the Salt Lake Valley, what

By reading the reports of his sermons we find that did they see? They saw sagebrush; they heard the

he had in mind, first, the prophetic utterance of the howl of the coyote; they saw in the distance the smoke

man whom he loved, the Prophet Joseph, who said of the Indian campfire and the salt sea in the that the Saints would go to the West, build cities, west reflecting the beautiful sunlight. Especially

and become a mighty people in the midst of the for the first pioneers, there was no apparent place

Rocky Mountains. for a home. There was nothing inviting; in fact,

Second, when that great leader uttered the sentence they had been warned that nothing would grow; a

"This is the place,"he had in mind that here they thousand dollars had been offered for the first ear would find a place of refuge and peace. of corn they would produce.

Third, he had in mind that from this center there Faith, reverence, frugality, industry, and a willingwould radiate to all the world a message of truth, ness to serve their fellowmen were ideals taught, and insofar as it would be possible for that little band to a remarkable degree practiced, in the daily lives of and those who followed them to declare that truth the pioneers.

to all the world, to establish brotherhood, peace, and Whether we are actually descendants of those pioabove all, faith in God, our Father. neers, or whether we are new converts to the Church

Fourth, he had in mind to establish in this place who have not yet visited the Salt Lake Valley, ours worship, industry, and mutual service. is a rich heritage. But the spiritual and moral wealth

I have personally heard some of the pioneers ( those thus inherited must neither be buried nor squandered;

who came before the completion of the railroad in it should be handed down to posterity with a tenfold 1869) tell how they prepared their teams, hitching up increase.

a cow with an ox, sometimes a cow with a horse, The youth of today face enemies also—false

making ready for their journey across the plains. ideologies and immoral practices "glossed over"and

Where were they going? Out into the barrenness, "seasoned with a text."Sound preparation to meet

out into the wilderness! What was their purpose? these enemies is as imperative now as when the pioWhat was their motive? It was to build up the neers moved toward the desert, wild animals, and a

Church and to save the principles revealed anew to thousand other hazards.

man. They had risked all; they had risked life and Now, rich in material accomplishment by pioneer

everything they had and were willing to endure any standards, let us ever cherish that integrity and faith hardship. Sometimes a wife walked every step on the triumphant which inspired them when their valiant,

way of that long, hard journey, or a mother did, Godfearing leader, President Brigham Young, said:

carrying the baby of the family. "This is the place."

\Szz==>

1\ M W W

JULY 1966 611 question: It has always been a

mystery to me why the three witnesses of the authenticity of the

Book of Mormon could turn away Tur YOUR from the Church after having such nt a wonderful witness given to them QUES and having stood in the presence of a heavenly messenger. The fact

did, it that they seems to deme, Tiinrr TION tracts in large their measure from niiLL ANSWERED BY solemn words expressed in their testimony that is published in every PRESIDENT copy of the Book of Mormon, notwithstanding the fact that when JOSEPH separated from the Church they FIELDING still maintained the truth of their WIT story, as I understand it, until SMITH death. How much better it would

OF THE FIRST have been had they remained true to the Church all during their morPRESIDENCY tal lives.NESSES

answer: In considering the attitude of these three Smith, while visiting in Missouri, called to see him,

witnesses, we have to take a number of circumstances and they had a long interview with him. He was glad

into account. The great fact is that notwithstanding to see them, and part of their conversation had to do

the loss of membership, each of them remained true with incidents of early church history. On this occato the death to that sacred testimony. There was no sion David Whitmer bore his testimony as pertaining

shadow of turning. That testimony was just as true to the coming forth of the Book of Mormon, which

to them in their later years as it was the day they testimony never varied from the first and with which signed their names to the document that is found in his signature appeared together with the signatures of each copy of the Book of Mormon. Oliver Cowdery and Martin Harris. In fact, while

Oliver Cowdery and Martin Harris found their way he never sought to be reinstated in the Church, he back again in the depth of humility and died faithful erroneously felt that he had a perfect right to form to the Church. David Whitmer, while he never rean organization of his own, which he did. It is unturned to the Church, was true to that testimony and fortunate that he did not follow Oliver Cowdery and

endeavored to build up a church of his own. Martin Martin Harris, each of them dying as faithful memHarris in later years became a pioneer to the valleys bers of the Church.

of the mountains and died there among the Latterday Permit me to call attention to these facts as I view

Saints. Oliver Cowdery died a faithful member of them. If the story of the coming of the Book of

the Church, and David Whitmer, while he drew Mormon had been a falsehood, that Moroni never away feeling that the Church had gone astray, gathexisted and that Joseph Smith the Prophet had by ered around him an organization that he maintained trickery and fraud brought forth the Book of Mormon, was composed of the true followers of the Prophet then that production would have been so completely

Joseph Smith. filled with errors, doctrinally and historically, that

Personally, I have had a great deal of sympathy for the fraud would have been apparent to every intelliDavid Whitmer. I believe him to be an honest man gent person who obtained a copy of it. I can challenge

but one who had become overcome by the persuasion and even defy any man, no matter how greatly inof others. To his honor be it said that to his dying day formed, to produce a work of fiction that could be

he bore testimony to the coming forth of the Book compared with the Book of Mormon. I have read

of Mormon and that he with Oliver Cowdery and the Book of Mormon through many times, and each

Martin Harris had voluntarily given his testimony. time I gain something to my advantage. Where can

There were occasions when plotting individuals atyou go and find a more intelligent, farreaching, and tempted to trip him on his testimony, but they failed comforting doctrine than the words of Mormon?

entirely. Moreover, when you read them, you cannot resist the

On one occasion Elders Orson Pratt and Joseph F. feeling that they (Continued on page 652)

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rlrjLjUirsKj SMITH For 67 years, since as a young man he was called His loyalty to the leadership of the Church has been to serve a mission in the British Isles, President Joseph uncompromising. He has supported his brethren in

Fielding Smith has been an able and fearless deevery endeavor. No man has ever been more loyal to

fender of the Church, a learned exponent of its the President of the Church.

doctrine, a builder of faith among its people, a teacher All whose labors he directs bear testimony of his of righteousness, a servant faithful in every assignment. kindness and consideration. It may be said of him

He was named a member of the Council of the that as a leader he has never asked any man to do

Twelve in 1910, and during more than half a century anything he was unwilling to do himself.

in this capacity his devotion to the work of the Master A man of tenderness, a man of courage, decisive in has been an example to the entire Church. His execuaction, alert to maintain the standards of the Church,

tion of every assignment, small or great, has won but ready to forgive those who have erred and truly the confidence of all acquainted with his labors. repented—these are among his sterling qualities. There

Without complaint he has traveled over land and sea. is in him the peace that speaks of godliness, the cerregardless of personal comfort, to further the cause of tainty that comes of the Spirit's witness, the unflinchthe Lord. His period of service extends from the ing fidelity to duty that comes of selfdiscipline.

buckboard to the jetliner, and he has felt equally at Those who have heard him pray have frequently home in each. heard him use the phrase "true and faithful."These

His inspiration and his energy have been expressed words epitomize his life.

in the growth of the Church from a few stakes of We join with church members throughout the world

Zion concentrated in the West to the more than 400 in extending to this beloved friend and associate our presently found throughout the United States and in affectionate wishes and warmest regards on his nineCanada, Mexico, South America, New Zealand, Austieth birthday. We rejoice in the abundant measure

tralia, the Polynesian islands, the British Isles, and of health and vitality afforded him and invoke upon

Europe. He has been at the forefront in the develophim the continuing blessings of the Lord.

ment of the great missionary program, which has now reached such substantial proportions. THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

As church historian and recorder, he has faithfully kept the record of this people as required by the revelation of the Lord. Few, if any, have possessed a

broader and deeper knowledge of the Church and its doctrine. He has been a scholar with scarcely a peer,

and his writings have strengthened the faith of many throughout the world.

JULY 1966 613 oseph g Smith BY DOYLE L. GREEN

MANAGING EDITOR Recently I saw him walking west on South Temple inquired about my health, a thrill coursed through

Street in Salt Lake City toward the Church Office me. I had a hard time moving the lump out of my

Building. It was just after 7:30 in the morning. He throat so I could reply.

stood erect. His step was sure and firm and quick. It was not a new experience. It is one that I have

As our eyes met, a smile crept across his face and had dozens of times before. Yet it has never grown

broadened into a grin. His blue eyes sparkled. As old. And now somehow it was even more meaninghe took my hand with a strong and warm grip and ful. What a challenge to have an assignment to write

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BB MMH

about and pay tribute to Joseph Fielding Smith, a SOME IMPORTANT EVENTS IN THE LIFE OF counselor in the First Presidency and president of the PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

Council of the Twelve in the Lord's Church.

I stood in wonderment and awe in the presence 1876 Born in Salt Lake City, July 19 of this venerable servant of God—the remarkable way 1898 Appointed to Salt Lake Stake MIA

the Lord has preserved him, the high positions he board holds in the Church, the many years he has served"as 1898 Married Louie E. Shurtliff (she

a General Authority, the tens of thousands of miles passed away in April 1908) he has traveled in the Lord's service, his great knowl1899-1901 Mission to British Isles in the Salt Lakeedge of the scriptures, the numerous gospel sermons 19011910 Home missionary

Stake he has given, the many vital books and articles he 1903 Published "Asael Smith of Topshas written, and, above all, his unwavering, unfield, with of the Some Account compromising, and undeviating devotion to the Lord Smith Family"and to the Church. 19031919 Member of the General Board of

President Joseph Fielding Smith will be 90 years the Young Men's Mutual Improveof age on July 19. He is the oldest man who has ment Association

ever served as president of the Council of the Twelve 1903 Published "Blood Atonement and and has been a member of that council longer than the Origin of Plural Marriage"with any other man in this dispensation, having been nizedRichardChurch)C. Evans of the Reorgaordained an apostle and set apart as a member of the 1904 Became a member of the Salt

council on April 7, 1910, four years after President Lake Stake High Council

David O. McKay had received a similar call. He is 1906 Appointed assistant church histhe only man who has served concurrently as presitorian

dent of the Council of the Twelve and a counselor 1907 Published "Origin of the 'Reorin the First Presidency. ganized'Church and the Question

Joseph Fielding Smith has survived fifteen aposof Succession"tles who were ordained after he was. Eleven of 1907 Named secretary and director of

these were called between him and Harold B. Lee, the Genealogical Society of Utah

Ethel Married G. (she Reynoldsthe nextranking member of the quorum. They were 1908

in passed away November 1937) James E. Talmage, Stephen L Richards, Richard R. 1909 Named librarian and treasurer of

Lyman, Melvin J. Ballard, John A. Widtsoe, Joseph F. the Genealogical Society of Utah

Merrill, Charles A. Callis, J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Alonzo 1910 Ordained an apostle and made a

A. Hinckley, Albert E. Bowen, and Sylvester Q. member of the Council of the

Cannon. Twelve

When the baby who was to be named Joseph 1910 Became first associate editor and

Fielding was born in 1876, in a pioneer home in Salt business manager, "The Utah

Lake City, the Saints had been in the valleys of the Genealogical and Historical Magazine"mountains only 29 years, and Brigham Young was 1912 Appointed to Board of Trustees, still President of the Church. These were hard and Brigham Young University

trying times, and young Joseph Fielding became ac1912 Published "Salvation Universal"quainted with poverty and learned resourcefulness, 1915 Became a counselor in Salt Lake patience, and the blessed disciplines of hard work Temple presidency and frugality as he toiled with his brothers on a 1917 Made a member of church board farm in Taylorsville, herded cows near the Jordan of education

River, and struggled to gain an education. Of this 1921 Became church historian

difficult period his father recalled: "... I—we all! 1922 Published "Essentials in Church

were on foot and of necessity tugging away with all History"our might to keep body and soul together. Under these 1924 Published "Elijah the Prophet and

spiritless conditions, one day just before Christmas, His Mission"

I left the old home with feelings I cannot describe. 1927 forPublishedthe Dead,"LessonsGenealogyon Salvationand

I wanted to do something for my chicks. I wanted Temple Work"

something to please them, and to mark the Christmas 1931 Published "Way to Perfection"day from all other days—but not a cent to do it with! 1934 Named president of the Gene-

I walked up and down Main Street, looking into the alogical Society

JULY 1966 1936 Published "The Progress of Man"1938 Published "Life of Joseph F.

Smith"1938 Published "Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith"1938 Married Jessie Ella Evans in April 1939 Toured European missions of the

Church and supervised the evacuation of all American LDS missionaries throughout Europe (except British Isles) 1942 Published "Principles of the Restored Gospel"(German) 1942 Published "The Signs of the

Times"President David O. McKay with counselors, Presidents

1944 Published "The Restoration of All Hugh B. Brown, N. Eldon Tanner, Joseph Fielding Smith.

Things"President Thorpe B. Isaacson was in Europe at photo time.

19451949 President, Salt Lake Temple 1951 Received honorary degree of docshop windows—into Amussen's jewelry store, into

tor of letters -from Brigham Young every store—everywhere—and then slunk out of sight

University, June 4 of humanity and sat down and wept like a child, 1951 president Became of the Council until my pouredout grief relieved my aching heart; of April the Twelve,

and after a while returned home, as empty as when Published History1953 "Church and

I left...."

vols.) Revelation"Modern (2

1954 Published "Man, His Origin and But adversity makes good men strong and strong

Destiny"men great. And the Smiths had a wealth of tradi1954 Published 'Doctrines of Salvation and nobleness, devotion and faith, that carried

tion,"Vol. them through. President Smith's father, Joseph F.,

1955 Published 'Doctrines of Salvawas a son of Hyrum Smith who was martyred at the tion,"Vol. 2 side of his brother Joseph the Prophet in the Carthage

1955 Toured the Japanese Mission, jail. As a boy of eight tender years, he drove an

dedicated Korea, Okinawa, and the ox team from Montrose on the west bank of the MisPhilippines for preaching the gospel, and divided the Japanese sissippi to the Missouri River. Then two years later

Mission to form Northern Far East and Southern Far East missions 1956 Published "Doctrines of Salvation,"Vol. 3

1957 Published "Answers to Gospel

Questions,"Vol. 1

1958 Published "Answers to Gospel

Questions,"Vol. 2

1959 Visited stakes and missions in

New Zealand and Australia 1960 Appointed honorary brigadier general, Utah National Guard 1960 Published "Answers to Gospel

Questions,"Vol. 3

1960 Visited missions in South America 1963 Published "Answers to Gospel

Questions,"Vol. 4

1965 Named counselor in the First

Presidency, October 29 1966 Published "Answers to Gospel

Questions,"Vol. 5

1966 A collection of books and materials on American church history at Brigham Young University Presidentconferences,andwhereSisterherSmithbeautifulare oftenrenditionstogetherofat sacredstake library named in his honor music add much to the Sabbath gatherings of the Saints.

The present members of the Council of the Twelve, left Mark E. Petersen, Delbert L. Stapley; back, Elders Marion

to right: Front, President Joseph Fielding Smith, Elders G. Romney, LeGrand Richards, Richard L. Evans, Howard

Harold B. Lee, Spencer W. Kimball, Ezra Taft Benson, W. Hunter, Gordon B. Hinckley, Thomas S. Monson.

at the age of nine, he drove a team of oxen a thousand dedications—St. George, Salt Lake, Hawaii, Alberta,

miles across plain and mountains to the Salt Lake Arizona, Idaho Falls, Los Angeles, London, and OakValley, where his mother passed away in 1852 when land. He has toured dozens of missions.

he was 13 years of age. He subsequently accepted a Today as he approaches 90, he lives with his bemission call to Hawaii when he was but 15, served a loved wife Jessie Evans Smith in a modest apartment

second mission in Hawaii, two missions in England, from which he can walk back and forth to the Church and a term as president of the European Mission beOffice Building. As he finds time between innumerfore being called into the First Presidency. He became able meetings, appointments, interviews, and assignPresident of the Church in 1901. Of him it has been ments, he can generally be found studying the

written, "He was not only a great father and a mighty scriptures or sitting at his typewriter writing letters preacher of righteousness, but he typified our loftiest or answering questions on doctrinal subjects. He still

conception of a real man—a man whose convictions takes his full allotment of stake conference assignwere backed by loyalty and consecrated devotion to ments, asking nothing of the other members of the

the truth that was never challenged by friend or Council of the Twelve that he will not do himself.

foe."1 Would that all members of the Church could know

At the feet of this noble and great man and an him as do those who are close to him. To many he

equally wonderful and spiritual mother, Julina Lambmay seem hard and unyielding, and he is when it son Smith, young Joseph Fielding gained faith in and comes to truth and right. With him there is no

a love for the Lord and the Church. His foundation compromising of the word of God. Truth is truth,

in gospel principles and all that is right and true was and the commandments of God cannot be set aside laid down solidly and early and grew mightily with or discounted. What has been said of his father

the passing of the years. can be said of him: He is a man whose convictions

Joseph Fielding Smith's service in the Church has are backed by a loyalty and a consecrated devotion to been monumental. The Church has been his life the Church that has never been challenged by friend

all his life. As a missionary, as church historian, as or foe. President Smith believes that what the Lord

secretary, director, and president of the Genealogical has said or revealed through his prophets the Lord

Society, as a general board member, as a temple means, and his words cannot be changed or modified president, as an author and editor, as an educator, merely to fit the convenience or the desires of men.

as a businessman, as a member of the Council of the He accepts literally and completely all of the princiTwelve, as president of the Council of the Twelve, ples of the restored gospel without wavering or and as a counselor in the First Presidency, he has faltering, without questioning or compromising. With

tirelessly devoted all his efforts to furthering the Joshua he exclaims, "... as for me and my house, we

work of the Lord. will serve the Lord."(Josh. 24:15.)

President Smith's life has spanned the period from But there are other sides of Joseph Fielding Smith covered wagons to jet planes. He has given well that the general membership of the Church does

over a hundred talks in general conference sessions not get to see. Without knowing these other virtues

and may have participated in as many as 5,000 stake one may tend to get a distorted picture of this great conferences. He has been present at nine temple man. Let us look at some of them very briefly:

JULY 1966 617 He is a kind, loving, and devoted husband, father, and grandfather. All of his five sons have served on

missions, and all his children have been married in the temple. Of them he recently said: "I am the

father of eleven children, and to this day every one is a faithful member of the Church, and all are active, for that is the way they were taught, and they were obedient. They will belong to me forever and are the

foundation stones of my kingdom."

Among his 111 descendants are 29 grandsons and 29 granddaughters, 21 greatgrandsons and 21 greatgranddaughters. Thirteen grandchildren have filled

missions, and all 20 grandchildren who are married have been married in the temple. Elder Richard L.

Evans, who knows the family intimately, has written:

"The faithfulness and devotion of this family, and their honest and upright citizenship, is a tribute to their father and to the mothers who in faith shared their early teachings and training."2

A Saturday near the date of President Smith's birthday is reserved for his family. On these happy

days family members meet in a park in Salt Lake

City, play games, tell stories, sing songs, and enjoy a turkey dinner.

Important parts of these occasions are the words of advice by Grandpa Smith and the presents he distributes to each one. This novel technique of giving

his descendants presents on his birthday eliminates the problem of his having to remember 111 birthdays each year.

On his church assignments President Smith is nearly always accompanied by his devoted companion Jessie, who gave up a promising operatic singing career to follow what she says is a more important life's work—being a wife to Joseph Fielding Smith.

Her quick wit, her jovial nature, her bright disposition, and her contagious laugh are constant tonics and help relieve the many pressures and tensions. Often

she shares his speaking assignments and responds readily and willingly to any requests to sing (she is a soloist with the Tabernacle Choir). President Smith

himself has a good singing voice, and it is a joy to see and hear him and Jessie sit together on the piano bench and sing duets.

It is well known throughout the Church that President Smith is the author of many books (his 23rd book is being published this summer). Not so well

known is the fact that he has written the words to four church songs. One of these, "The Best Is Not

Too Good for Me,"was written in his youth after he had received some advice from his father concerning an employment opportunity. The music was written

by Tracy Cannon.

Evan Stephens wrote the music to the song "Come,

President Smith studies one of his books in his office.

618 Wall of the office is covered with photos of those who gave yeoman service in the earlier days of the Church.

The family in 1938 or 1939:

Insert, Lewis W., serving

in SwissGerman Mission front, left to right, George Reynolds, President and Sister Smith, Joseph Fielding Jr., Milton E.; back

Emily S. Myers, Naomi S.

Brewster, Lois S. Fife,

Josephine S. Reinhardt,

Julina S. Hart, Amelia S.

McConkie, Douglas A. All

are living except Lewis, who was killed in World War II.

Come, My Brother, Wake! Awake!"colonel in the guard, he was in 1960 promoted to the

His hymn "Does the Journey Seem Long?"with rank of honorary brigadier general. He has thormusic by George D. Pyper was recently sung by the oughly enjoyed going on training flights with members

Tabernacle Choir on a national broadcast/ of the Air National Guard. On July 3, 1954, for

Another of his songs, "We Are Watchmen on the example, when he was nearing his 78th birthday, he

Tower of Zion,"with music by Alexander Schreiner, made a 40minute flight in a Guard jet over much was sung by the Tabernacle Choir with Sister Smith of northern Utah at speeds in excess of 500 miles as soloist at the laying of the cornerstone of the Oakan hour.

land Temple in 1963. President Smith's and President David O. McKays

It is a happy marriage, with love and respect and devotion and affection for each other is beautiful to harmony always in evidence. Of her husband, Jessie see. Time and time again President Smith bears his

recently said, "A kinder and more considerate man testimony that he knows that President McKay is a never lived. He has never been cross with me or prophet of God. When a friend complimented him

spoken an unkind word."To this comment President at his being named to the First Presidency, he replied,

Smith replied, "She has never done anything to make "I will do my very best to serve the Lord and be loyal me cross."to the Prophet."

President Smith has a delightful and refreshing A few years ago when President McKay was taken sense of humor, as all who know him will testify. On to the hospital, he asked for his counselors and Joseph

the kitchen wall he has placed a plaque on which are Fielding to be notified so that they could come and the words: "The opinions expressed by the husband administer to him. President Smith was at a stake

in this household are not necessarily those of the conference in Lewiston, Idaho, when the word management."reached him. As soon as the morning session was

"This household does have a good manager,"Presiout he left by car and traveled throughout the night, dent Smith assured his wife. "Yes,"she replied, "but arriving at 3 a.m. As these two old friends and lifethe manager knows her place. Last summer when I long servants of the Lord met, they embraced and

went to his office to give him some help while his kissed, repeating each other's names affectionately.

secretary was on vacation, he tapped me on the Consistency is a superlative virtue, and Joseph shoulder and said, 'Mamma, dear, just remember one Fielding Smith has been consistent throughout all thing. Over here you are not the speaker of the his life in his beliefs and his teachings. What a

house.'biographer wrote about President Smith 34 years

All his life President Smith has been an avid sports ago is just as applicable now as it was when it came fan. In his youth he played baseball and other games from his able pen: "One of the impressive lessons

as time would permit. He learned to swim in the of all history is that 'righteousness exalteth a nation:

murky waters of the Jordan River. For many years but sin is a reproach to any people.'Joseph Fielding

he played handball regularly with great skill. He is a crusader against iniquity and against the violaloves all types of ball games. Some of his children tion of any principle that would bring remorse or

and grandchildren have been outstanding athletes. discomfort upon the people. He loves humanity and

He has been cited for making a significant contribuhas sublime faith in the saving power of the printion to the National Guard of the state of Utah. ciples which he preaches. Back of all his endeavors is

After a number of years of serving as an honorary a deep desire to help (Continued on page 641)

JULY 1966 619 There is nothing in the commandments of the Lord that is difficult to keep. With the guidance of the Gems ofWisdom from

Spirit of the Lord we will find contentment and happiness in doing his will. If you would become a son or daughter of God and an heir of the

kingdom, then you must go to the house of the Lord and receive blessings which there can be obtained and which cannot be obtained elsewhere; and you must keep those commandments and those covenants to the end.

No man has been given the priestIn no other way, other than hood as an ornament only. He is through birth into this life and the

expected to use it in behalf of the resurrection, can spirits become salvation of others. like our Eternal Father.

There is no knowledge, no learnPure intelligence is an attribute of ing that can compensate the indiGod which will create in the heart vidual for the loss of his belief in of man a desire to come to the per heaven and in the saving princifeet knowledge of the truth.

pies of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Procrastination as it may be apAn education that leads a man plied to the gospel is the thief of from these central truths cannot eternal life, which is the life of the compensate him for the great loss presence of the Father and the Son. of spiritual things.

[Temple work] is a work that enlarges the soul of man, broadens his views regarding the welfare of his fellowman, and plants in his heart a love for all the children of our Heavenly Father. There is no work

equal to that in the temple for the dead in teaching a man to love his neighbor as himself.

It is not a difficult thing to learn how to pray. It is not the words we

use particularly that constitute prayer. True, faithful, earnest prayer

consists more in the feeling that rises from the heart and from the inward desire of our spirits to supplicate the Lord in humility and in faith, that we may receive his blessings. It matters not how simple the words may

be if our desires are genuine and we come before the Lord with a broken heart and contrite spirit to ask him for what we need.

We are not going to be saved in the kingdom of God just because our names are on the records of the Church. It will require more than that.

We will have to have our names written in the Lamb's Book of Life, and if they are written in the Lamb's Book of Life then it is an evidence we have kept the commandments. Every soul who will not keep those

commandments shall have his name blotted out of that book.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Spirits cannot be made perfect without a body of flesh and bones.Joseph Fielding Smith This body and its spirit are brought

to immortality and blessings of

The first marriage on this earth, that of Adam and Eve, was performed salva*ion through the resurrection.

before there was any death in the world; therefore it was intended to

be forever. Marriage, if performed by divine authority, is to last forever.

In the temples of the Lord men and women are married with an everlasting covenant.

Have you ever tried to associate the outpouring of knowledge, the great discoveries and inventions during the past 136 years with the restoration of the gospel? Do you think there is some connection? It is not because we are more intelligent than our fathers that we have received this knowledge, but because God

has willed it so in our generation.

All of those who are humble and obedient are missionaries for the There is no ivork connected with

Church. If we do as the Lord commanded and let our light shine the gospel that is of a more unbefore men, we will impress strangers and they will then be more selfish nature than the work in

receptive to our teachings. the House of the Lord, for our

dead.

Salvation is based on two divine principles of paramount importance; first, redemption from death The divine law declares that we may obtain the fullness of his kingdom

through our faithfulness and obedience. Our Eternal Father cannot through the atonement of Jesus

Christ, and, second, obedience to offer more. He has placed his greatest gift within the reach of all,

divine law on the part of every but it is based upon obedience to his divine commandments.

individual who obtains the kingdom of God.

The greatest punishment ever given was proclaimed against Lucifer and his angels. To be

denied the privilege of mortal In the resurrection we are to receive rewards according to our individual bodies forever is the greatest curse works and it is written that they who are filthy in this life will, in that of all. These spirits have no prolife, be filthy still. Therefore if we love the truth we should delight

gression, no hope of resurrection in doing those things which the Lord would have us do.

and eternal life!

There is nothing that should be No mortal life would be complete held in more sacred reverence and if there had been no disappointrespect than the name of the ments, no pain or physical discomSupreme Being and the name of fort, nor suffering.

his beloved Son, our Redeemer.

JULY 1966 621 teaching

CONDUCTED BY THE

CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM Jesus Dealt witHow Jesus was the master of every situation. He read a desire for holiness and hope within him. How easy

the hearts, the motives, and the works of every person also for him to expose the selfishness, hypocrisy, and with whom he came in contact. Because of this his selfrighteousness so often characteristic of the scribes,

methods of dealing with men and situations varied Sadducees, and Pharisees.

with the circumstances. To the honest in heart, the When working with men and situations, Jesus was

repentant sinner, he was the gentle Jesus, meek and anything but passive, indifferent, and slow. Those

mild. To them he was a healer of body and soulwho knew Jesus best represent him as frank and

straightforward, but kind. On the other hand, the plainspoken in his dealings. His ministry was colorful.

Master was not one to be squelched nor silenced by The manliness of Jesus is nowhere more evident wicked men—hardhearted men whose mouths than in his ability to deal with men and events, as

dripped with honey but whose every action reeked we will find when we examine some of the areas with false pretenses of righteousness. Jesus was strong and situations with which he dealt.

against selfrighteousness and its twin traveling companion, hypocrisy. 1. The Status of a Living Prophet

How easy it was for Jesus to understand the plight of the repentant sinner and to lift him up—to instill The greatest prophet in any generation is the one

BY ROBERT J. MATTHEWS

EDITOR, SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGIONhMen who is living, having thb keys of authority and power them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persefrom God to minister to the inhabitants of the earth. cute them from city to city."

The central theme of the discussion from John, chapJewish rulers who claimed to be disciples of Moses ters five through ten, is the right concept that should generally rejected Jesus. Moses had been taken from

exist in the minds of people with regard to living the earth approximately 1,300 years earlier and was prophets and dead prophets. not the living prophet nor the legal administrator to

As Jesus went forth teaching and performing his the house of Israel after that time. Many of the Jews

ministry, those who opposed him often raised the in the meridian of time trusted only in the words of cry: "... we are Moses'disciples. We know that God the dead prophets and sought salvation through a

spake unto Moses: as for this fellow [Jesus], we know book, rather than through the means of a legal adnot from whence he is."(John 9:2829.) ministrator. To move them from this position of misIn reply, Jesus said in substance: Ye honor the dead placed emphasis, Jesus said:

prophets, but reject the living prophets. Note his "Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye

words in Matthew 23:2932, 34: have eternal life: and they are they which testify of

"... ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garme.

nish the sepulchres of the righteous, "And ye will not come unto me that ye might have "And say, If we had life."(John 5:3940.)

been in the days of our This saying in its original setting was not a plea fathers, we would not for regular daily scripture reading, although it is have been partakers with sometimes used in that manner today. It is as if Jesus

them in the blood of the said unto them: "Since your confidence and hope are

prophets. in the written word alone, search those words which

"Wherefore ye be wityou think will bring you eternal life, and you will nesses unto yourselves, find that they tell about me; and then if you will

that ye are the children come to me, a living and legal administrator, you of them which killed the shall have life. But the written word alone cannot

prophets. save you."

"Fill ye up then the Regarding their professed allegiance to Moses, he measure of your fathers. went on to say:

"Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father:

"Wherefore, behold, I there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom send unto you prophets, ye trust.

and wise men, and "For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed scribes: and some of me: for he wrote of me.

them ye shall kill and "But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye crucify; and some of believe my words?"(John 5:4547.)

The Prophet Joseph Smith contemplated this principle of the status of the living prophet when he said:

"There is no salvation between the two lids of the

Bible without a legal administrator."(Teachings of

the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 319.)

While testifying to the Jews, Jesus said that "among "Healing the Blind at those that are born of women there is not a greater

PousJericho"Nicolas by..."(Luke 7:28.) ink prophet than John the Baptist. pen sin, is a and

sketch drawn about 1650 In explanation as to what constituted John's greatness,

A.D. hangs and now in the Prophet Joseph Smith pointed out the singular Baythe Bonnat Museum,

onne, France. importance of a living ( Continued on page 654

trtttt hes mionoV

Pretty coed helps missionary with costume as pageant curtain time at Hill Cumorah approaches.

Ttvo cast members pause during a dress rehearsal. Pageant features cast

students, missionaries, includingof kOO, states. from Eastern members and

Hill BY ELEANORCumaranPageantKNOWLES

EDITORIAL. ASSOCIATE

As darkness descends on the peaceful hills of New Brigham Young University, who has been in charge

York later this month, the strains of "High on the of the production since its beginning in 1937, when

Mountain Top"will resound over the hills and valleys. he was a missionary in the Eastern States Mission.

Another performance of the famed Hill Cumorah Previously he was a drama major at Utah State AgriPageant, "America's Witness for Christ,"will have cultural College (now Utah State University).

begun. "I arrived in the mission field around the ninth of

This year's pageant is expected to attract more July, and our pageant was to be presented July 23, than 100,000 people to its five performances July 26 24, and 25,"he recalls. With less than three weeks

through 30 and a dress rehearsal July 25. The audiin which to rehearse the cast of more than 100 misences will come from all of the United States and sionaries and to work out lighting, sound, costuming,

many foreign lands to witness what one columnist blocking, and other details, the production was put has called "the greatest outdoor religious pageant in together and played successfully to more than

North America."15,000 people.

The participants, who also come from all sections Today's pageant had its beginnings in a brief proof the country, will include 160 members of the Church gram that was presented at an Eastern States Mission from the West, primarily college students from Brigconference at the Joseph Smith farm in 1934, with an ham Young University and other Utah colleges, 170 audience of a few hundred church members. The

fulltime missionaries from the Cumorah Mission, and following year the Angel Moroni Monument atop the 150 members of the Church from the Eastern states. Hill Cumorah was dedicated, and no pageant

They will range in age from 10 to 70. was held.

The pageant will be directed by Dr. Harold I. HanDuring the winter months of 193536, the script

sen, chairman of the Dramatic Arts Department at underwent numerous revisions and was presented in

JULY 1966 625 Three pretty cast months following, Dr. Wayne Driggs, a member of

waitmembers for the English faculty at New York University, rewrotetheir call to appear on stage at and polished the script, and by July 1937 "America's

Hill Cumorah. Witness for Christ"was ready.The pageant, an

annual event "The story of the pageant is in part the story of the since 1937, atBook of Mormon,"according to Dr. Hansen. "It thantracts more

100,000 spectatraces the journey of Lehi, a prophet of Jerusalem, to tors to five perthe western hemisphere, where his family split into dressformances, rehearsal. two factions: the Nephites, a Godfearing, diligent

people, who kept records and built a marvelous civilization; and the Lamanites, who became corrupt,

envious, and quarrelsome.

Dr. Harold I. "The pageant proceeds to tell of the crucifixion of directorHansen,

of the Hill CumJesus and his resurrection in Jerusalem and of his visit orah Pageant, the as a resurrected being to the continent of America,rehearses trumpeters whose where he taught his gospel and organized his Church.

and playfanfare on Obeying his teachings, the Nephites flourished foring of "High the Mountain generations. After a few centuries, however, they

Top"open the again fell into wicked ways and disregarded the spectacle.annual

warnings of their prophets.

"The story then tells how Mormon made a record of the Nephite nation and gave it to his son Moroni.

It describes the destruction of the Nephite nation and the burial of the plates in Hill Cumorah, where they remained hidden for fourteen centuries. In the

final scenes the plates are revealed to Joseph Smith by Moroni, who appears to the youth as an angel."

The western slope of Hill Cumorah provides thew setting for the pageant, with four major stages and"""20 secondary stages. On this large hillside, more

than 400 actors, clad in costume of biblical times and ancient America, act out the scenes. There are 20

wards of the New York Stake. "Truth from the speaking roles, but the 20 principals seen on the

Earth,"as it was called, was then presented during various parts of the hill are pantomiming. Each has

the July missionary conference at the Hill Cumorah, a counterpart on a stereophonic recording who dethis time with 5,000 in the audience. During the livers the spoken words ( Continued on page 643

FROM EAST CANYON TO PRATT'S PASS

BY CLAIRE NOALL

To the streams sound within the canyon walls When suddenly the valley came to view a hunter brought an elk in semidarkness, thrice the shout of triumph rose, slipped in crossing and spent the night as if the voice of man could reach midstream, the points upon his shoulder. the silvered streams and shining lake.

Yet the camp was fed. The following morning The wild hay of the mountains'depth is ours

hunger was appeased for all but two scouts to plow and seed!

who sought the place seen in vision. Up, up we have trekked.

They went to find the haven where The glory we have seen.

The Saints 'could free themselves from persecution. Down we now command our eager steps

Up the tortuous path to wooded crest to keep the vision granted by the Lord.

they climbed, over fallen trunk and bouldered Down the camp will soon entrain barrier, climbed to realize the way. to keep the glory pf the Word.

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.;:'; rwvwir-wyw: ni

y <JRe6onverf BY JOSEPH L. TILTON -'/I

Early in the century a new day began as the sun slowly rose over the hills of central Tennessee, flooding the valleys and hollows with light. People stirred

in the homes and cabins and began to go about their various chores.

Henry Wade stirred under his covers. With fall

beginning, the warm quilts were especially inviting, but a shrill, familiar sound pulled him from his fleeting dreams.

"Henry! You'd better get up. There's the chores

to be done, and breakfast is ready. If you don't

come right soon, I'll give it to Rusty."

mi JULY 1966 iH*>''m "All right, Aunt Leora, I'll be right there."laid the book down. "I found it in the bottom of my

After breakfast he fed the chickens and the lone trunk awhile back, so I sent off for these glasses. My

hog and washed up at the bowl on the porch. eyes ain't as good as they used to be. It's named

"Look smart, Henry,"said his aunt. "The preacher the Book of Mormon."

plans to visit out our way, so I've heard. I want him "I never heard of the Book of Mormon. What

to see that you're a good Christian boy, even if you is it?"

don't go to church. Seventeen already, and you still "Here,"he replied as he carefully handed the book

don't pay no mind to religion."to Henry. "Read some for yourself while I make my

"Aunt Leora, I believe in the Bible and in the way to the well."He picked up his cane.

Savior. I just don't follow the preacher's brand of Henry began to read the introduction. As he read

religion."the account of Joseph Smith, he felt a warm glow

Aunt Leora made no reply. It had been hard steal over him. He found it easy to form the words,

enough raising an orphan boy when her husband was "This book is what I have been looking for. The

living. Now that he was gone, it was even harder. people who believe in it have the truth."As he read

"There ain't much to do until he comes, so I'm on, he knew it was true. It had the gospel—not of

going down the hollow and visit with Grandpa man, but of God!

John,"Henry said. A little later, as the old man returned to the porch,'

"You come quick when I holler at you. Though Henry blurted out, "Where did you get this? Who

why you want to visit that man is more than I can are the people who believe in it?"

see. He hasn't been saved yet, and he's four times Grandpa John eased himself down into the rocker.

your age.""Well, years ago two men dressed in suits came to

Henry whistled the dog from under the porch as my daddy's place. They were ministers travelin'

he started down the road and began one of the many without purse or scrip and preachin'the gospel. My

"conversations"he would have with his sleepy canine father was a religious man, though he didn't go to friend. "People like him—that's why they call him church, so he and my mother studied with them for

Grandpa. He's a good man, even if he isn't saved. awhile. We were baptized before they had to move

What is saved, anyway? You know, Rusty, all this on. Since then I've gotten away from the gospel, but

religion is a lot of confusion. Everyone has his own I'm goin'to get back to it."

private brand. It looks like there ought to be a true "But what are they called? What's the name of

religion, one that some man didn't invent."the church?"

Grandpa John was sitting in his homemade rocker "They were elders, and the church is The Church on the porch. He wasreading from a black book, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Most people

using the new glasses he'd had sent in from Memphis. call them Mormons."

Henry propped himself against the porch rail. "Why do they call them that?"

"What are you reading, Grandpa John?""Because of the Book of Mormon, though some-

"A book I'd almost forgot I had,"he replied as he times I think because (Continued on page 656),

HAVE YOU NEVER BEFORE WATCHED THE NIGHT ON A CAMPOUT?

BY MARILYN MCMEEN MILLER

If you will stay aioake with me... The limbs of trees weave nets

See, stars are buttercups To keep us in this warm grass,

Blooming from the roots And we can watch the milk

Of heavens flowers; Of heaven pass

And here the clouds are the dusts Where cow maids

From angel feet; Spill wide trails

From towers of cities So that winds might follow to drink

One cannot really see the skyFrom dipper pails...

But you and I Are you still there?

Can watch the universe pass by.

Let's not sleep before the night is Most glorious of all is God's world done. Changed by the sun.

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EL STIRM \

Today, I foynd d slab of st <s followed, in the { track (With grasses, weeds now els turned onward—never back!

Which marked the path of ifi way$ my fathers wrought i theyi fought:The covered\wagqn trail with goal forLiijvhichj

Today, I stood in sunset's gloi fieiv freedom... sky and sod,

And visioned days of lo Ifss faith in/God!

The challenge of tiie far\fron

Fell back before thexTione The path of promise stretched ahead;

And never doubting where it ed,

With faith to guide and God to bless

Our fathers turned their faces West

gazed with those whose hearts and wills

Could vision far beyond the hills;

I paused by humble graves of souls

Who fell before they reached their goals.

And yet I knew, each dauntless will

Had never failed but marched on still!

I walked with those whose steps were slow,

Whose eyes looked back in silent woe.

I marched with those whose eager steps

Broke down the barriers of the West.

But both the weary and the light

Looked unto God to lead them right.

The singsong grind of rusty wheels,

The dragging "plop"of weary heels,

The forward shout at morning's dawn,

The evening prayers when day was done

Composed a pulsing harmony Of man and God and destiny.

Down freedom's trail our fathers led

And found where living waters fed!

The morning's birth, the evening's grave

Were but a challenge to the brave.

Their faith lived on to keep the pledge;

Their dream became our heritage!

JULY I9S6 629 BY GOLDA GURR GUYMON Jim JlxPioneer

I am a pioneer. A short miraclefollow the teachings of the Master, that they will gain

filled century ago I was here, young, eternal life.

vibrant, hopeful, with dreams, glorYes, I am a pioneer. As you relax in your comfortious dreams that have been fulfilled able homes, surrounded by every luxury that makes

beyond my most extravagant hopes. of joy this modern day, I would have you remember

To arrive here, I trudged weary, endless hours, that I lived in a dugout at Winter Quarters. I watched

days, weeks, and months over hostile prairie land, in loved ones die because I could not give them warmth scorching sun, in drifting snow, enduring icy winds and food. There was no doctor with his miracle

that chilled one's very soul. Each lonely, anxious drugs to heal. God seemed to have forgotten us.

mile brought haunting memories—satanic mobs, Trial by the fiery furnace was indeed our lot. There

fathers and husbands pleading for time, precious were to be none of weakened faith to build his time. "Give us only till the winter snows are gone. If glorious empire in the West.

we are forced to leave now, many of our women and Yes, I am a pioneer. As you feed on the bounties

children will perish from the merciless elements."of the land, whether it be from your fabulous markets

Our beautiful city—burning, ruthless flames crimsonor the fruits of your own labors, remember me. I

ing the bitter night. Multitudes desolate, hungry, have boiled leather to ease the hunger pangs. I have

cold, driven much as animals from homes where comeaten roots and thanked God on bended knee for his fort, joy, and contentment were of such a short moment. gift of buffalo meat. As you sleep in secure peace and

Huddled shivering on the opposite shores of an uncomfort between snowwhite sheets and satin coverfriendly, icebound river, we watched with horror let, remember, I have hovered many long hours over the soulsearing panorama. Would that these visions my little ones, fearing lest they utter a cry betraying

could be erased from our sorrowing memories. their presence to lurking red men crouching with upPraying, ever praying, knowing that somehow, lifted tomahawk outside our meager cabin. I have

somewhere, these trials would be finished; that somecounted the minutes, the hours with throbbing pulse,

where in the West—our Promised Land—we would praying, listening—sometimes in vain—for the returnagain know the priceless joy of security and peace ing footsteps of a beloved husband, son, or father.

of mind. Yes, I am a pioneer. As you travel effortlessly in

I am a pioneer. I can tell you of many things you beauty a*nd comfort on highways as smooth as silk,

have forgotten, yes, of which you have never even I pray you, remember me. I walked wearily beside

known: of hunger, always hunger, the demon fear tired oxen, as doggedly they plodded on and on with

always at our side; of ravaging sickness; the lonely their precious loads of our sole earthly goods. Wind

little mounds of earth left behind; yes, and of graves and sun and cold left their mark on me. My burning

of noble mothers too, as we trudged wearily on ever vision ever searched the distant horizon, praying for westward over the relentless desert trail. Less faithpeace and safety as night closed in and camp was

ful ones have said we gave our lives for a creed whose made. I have known the "peace that passeth all

God had forsaken us. understanding"as we knelt in humble, fervent prayer

As I gaze on your grandeur and luxuries of today, around the glowing fires at eventime. I have crossed

I would that you might have the capacity to experimuch of a continent thus to help build this shining ence with me a small part of the hardships, the empire of the West.

sorrows and calamities I have known. The price tag Yes, I am a pioneer. Dear Father above, guard

is high, my children. How easy to be oblivious to well my children and their children and their

the past. children's children. Let not Satan with his glittering,

As down through the years I have beheld my chiltempting packages of sin lead my posterity astray.

dren and their children's children, I have prayed with Heaven and earth are yours, my loved ones, if you all the fervor of my soul that they would not forget will but serve the God of this land while you dwell me. My heart cries out in anguish, Dear God, help here in mortality. I beg of you, keep the ideals I

them to remember who they are, their priceless herirepresent ever enshrined in your hearts, a living, tage, the debt they owe to us who blazed the trail; pulsing symbol of your priceless heritage. I am

we ask only as full payment that they keep the faith, your pioneer!

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hunger—there was always hunger—and

lonely little mounds of earth left behind. My

heart cried, "Dear God, help them.

Alma P. Burton, assistant administrator of seminaries and

institutes and president of the Sharon (Orem, Utah) Stake, is a wellknown church author and compiler.

Tracing the spiritual thread of Americanism from the Pilgrims to Woodrow Wilson, the author reaches a provocative conclusion: America is straying from her spiritual moorings!

Inscribed on the Statue of Liberty in New you a family whose grandfather was an Englishman,

York Harbor are the following words whose wife was Dutch, whose son married a French "Giveme your tired, your poor, woman, and whose present four sons have now four

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, wives of different nations.... Here individuals of

The wretched refuse of your teeming shore, all nations are melted into a new race of men, whose

Send these, the homeless, tempesttost to me, labors and posterity will one day cause great changes

I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"in the world."(J. Hector St. John, Letters from an

There has always been opportunity in America for American Farmer [N. Y.: Albert and Charles Boni,

all who wanted to knock at its doors, and men and 1925], pp. 50, 52, 5455.)

women have gathered from every clime. Michel This new race did cause "great changes in the

de Crevecoeur, a Frenchborn American who also world,"partly because of the heritage that they wrote under the name J. Hector St. John, has written brought to these shores of "a great faith in God."

a description of the amalgamation of those who have President Calvin Coolidge said that the founding been welded into one great unit, the United States. fathers of the American republic got their ideas more

His statement, written in 1793 and entitled "What Is from the meetinghouse than anywhere else.

an American?"says: Consider the foundation of our great country. The

"We have no princes for whom we toil, starve, and first of all our written documents was the Mayflower bleed: we are the most perfect society now existing Compact. When the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth in

in the world. Here man is free as he ought to be.... 1620, their concern was to establish law and order in

"In this great American asylum, the poor of Europe their colony. Before going ashore the group met in

have by some means met together... urged by a the cabin of the Mayflower and drew up an agreement

variety of motives, here they came... here they binding themselves to obey whatever government

became men.... might be established by common consent:

"What then is this American, this new man? He is "In the Name of God, Amen. We, whose names

either an European, or the descendant of an Euroare underwritten.... Having undertaken for the

pean, hence that strange mixture of blood, which you Glory of God, and the advancement of the Christian '\will find in no other country. I could point out to Faith, and the honour of our King and Country, a

Vs 633 a and tf America ever ceases'to be good,

Voyage to plant the first colony in the northern Parts Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that

of Virginia; do by these Presents, solemnly and as Free and Independent States, they have full Power

mutually in the Presence of God and one another, to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, escovenant and combine ourselves together into a civil tablish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and

Body Politick...."Things which Independent States may of right do.—

The next important basic document of our country And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm was the Declaration of Independence, in which the reliance on the Protection of Divine Providence, we founding fathers made several references to God: mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes

"When in the Course of human events, it becomes and our sacred Honor."(Italics added)

necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands The Constitution of the United States has been which have connected them with another, and to declared the greatest political document ever prepared assume among the powers of the earth, the separate by man. Its preamble reads:

and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and "We the People of the United States, in Order to of Naturcs God entitle them, a decent respect to the form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure opinions of mankind requires that they should dedomestic Tranquility, provide for the common declare the causes which impel them to the separation,—fence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the

We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, are created equal, that they are endowed by their do ordain and establish this Constitution for the

Creator with certain unalienable Rights; that among United States of America."

these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.—The provisions of the Constitution for the separaThat to secure these rights, Governments are instituted tion of powers into the legislative, judicial, and execuamong Men, deriving their just powers from the contive branches, as well as the powers reserved to the

sent of the governed;—That whenever any Form of several states and to the people, make it a most sound

Government becames destructive of these ends, it is and safeform of government.

the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and It is sound and great because its founders realized to institute new Government, laying its foundation there was a need to call upon a power greater than on such principles and organizing its powers in such themselves.

form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Benjamin Franklin made one of the great speeches

Safety and Happiness.... [then follows their stateof his distinguished career when he spoke of the apment of grievances] parent inability of the Constitutional Convention to

"We, therefore, the Representatives of the united solve the problems confronting it and stated his faith

States oe America, in General Congress, Assembled, in an overruling Providence and in the power of appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for prayer the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and "I have lived, sir, a long time, and the longer I by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth:

solemnly publish and declare, That these United That God governs in the affairs of men. And if a

Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice,

Independent States; that they are Absolved from all is it probable that an empire can rise without His aid?

Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political "We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writings, connection between them and the State of Great that 'except the Lord build the House they labor in

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America will cease to be great"—Alexis de Tocqueville

vain that build it.'I firmly believe this; and I also has always maintained that the Constitution is a

believe that without His concurring aid we shall sacred document. The Lord revealed to the Prophet

succeed in this political building no better than the Joseph Smith:

builders of Babel. We shall be divided by our little "Therefore, it is not right that any man should be

partial local interests; our projects will be confounded, in bondage one to another.

and we ourselves shall become a reproach and byword "And for this purpose have I established the Constidown to future ages. And, what is worse, mankind tution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I

may hereafter from this unfortunate instance, despair raised up unto this very, purpose, and redeemed the of establishing governments by human wisdom and land by the shedding of blood.'"(D&C 101:7980.)

leave it to chance, war, and conquest. And further, in the dedicator)- prayer of the Kirt-

"I therefore beg leave to move that henceforth land Temple the Prophet Joseph Smith pleaded:

prayers imploring the assistance of Heaven, and its "Have mercy, O Lord, upon all the nations of the blessings on our deliberations, be held in this Assemearth; have mercy upon the rulers of our land; may

bly every morning before we proceed to business...."those principles, which were so honorably and nobly

(Cited in Daniel L. Marsh, The American Canon defended, namely, the Constitution of our land, by

[New York: AbingdonCokesbury Press, 1939], pp. our fathers, be established forever."(D&C 109:54.

4344. Italics added.

At the end of the convention in which the ConstituOn another occasion the Prophet stated:

tion was adopted, George Washington said: "I am the greatest advocate of the Constitution of

"We have raised a standard to which the good and the United States there is on the earth."(Docuwise can repair; the event is in the hands of God.... mentary History of the Church, Vol. 6, pp. 5657.)

"Now, therefore I do recommend and assign ThursHe also proclaimed at another time:

day the 26th day of November next to be devoted "... the Constitution of the United States is a

by the people of these States to the service of that glorious standard; it is founded in the wisdom of

great and glorious Being, who is the beneficent Author God. It is a heavenly banner; it is to all those who

of all the good that was, that is, or that will be. That are privileged with the sweets of its liberty, like the

we may then all unite in rendering unto Him our cooling shades and refreshing waters of a great rock sincere and humble thanks, for His kind care and in a thirst)- and wear\ - land. It is like a great tree

protection of the people of this country previous to under whose branches men from ever)- clime can be its becoming a nation, for the signal and manifold shielded from the burning rays of the sun."(DIIC,

mercies, and the favorable manifold interpositions of Vol. 3, p. 304.)

His providence, which we experienced in the course President McKay has said regarding the Constiand conclusion of the late war, for the great degree tution:

of tranquility, union, and plenty, which we have since "The Constitution of this government was written enjoyed, for the peaceable and rational manner in by men who accepted Jesus Christ as the Savior of which we have been enabled to establish constitutions mankind. Let men and women in these United States

of government for our safety and happiness...."then continue to keep their eyes centered upon Him

These documents and statements show the reliance who ever shines as a Light to all the world. Men and

that our great statesmen have placed in God. women who live in America, 'the land of Zion,'have

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints a responsibility greater (Continued on page 658)

JULY 196S 635 1 i

No

-H

SINCE CUMORAHFROM THE DUST NEW VOICES

BY HUGH N1BLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

We have often of Mormon has changed surprisfor those flaws, as there has for so

SINCE yearsnoted ofthatrecentthe andingly. clergymenFor the firstbothtimeherescholarsand muchwas onceof thethoughtBook toof beMormonimpossiblethat

whole tone of abroad are taking the Book of or absurd.QUMRAN

biblical scholarMormon seriously. They don't inFor example, a prize howler for

ship has changed tend to be taken in by it, but they years was the gold plates—until

perceptibly since the discoveries of are reading it. They are finding gold, silver, and bronze inscribed

Qumran and Nag Hammadi. 1 For flaws in the edifice, to be sure, but plates began to turn up on ancient

one thing, the type of corresponnow they wonder if there might sites: the latest are "three gold

dence we receive about the Book not turn out to be an explanation plaques inscribed in Etruscan and

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For ninety years Punic"found in by Isaiah but by another person original book of Isaiah. 7

scholars bafwere lan1964 near an anand at another time, presumably But our concern is not with the thefled by guage on this gold cient shrine in some 200 years later. unity of Isaiah but with the dating

plate from Sicily, Italy. They "go Since 1789 this hypothetical auof the DeuteroIsaiah, since the

to bethinking it in back to ca. 500 thor has been referred to as the charge against the Book of Morpre-Greek. But

1964 it was iden- B.C.,"and the Second Isaiah or DeuteroIsaiah. mon is that it quotes from that

tified as Hebrew. language and But once the dual authorship of work, which did not exist at the

The experts had characters of the Isaiah was generally accepted, it time Lehi left Jerusalem. Theinsisted on reading the wrong side Punic script are soon became apparent that there dating of DeuteroIsaiah rests on

of the plate! close to those of was no need to stop at two Isaiahs. three things: (1) the mention of

Inked copy is at right. the Phoenician By applying exactly the same reaCyrus (44:28), who lived 200 years

homeland on Lesoning that split the original Isaiah after Isaiah and long after Lehi, hi's front door step. 2 It is only quite in two, it was possible to break up (2) the threats against Babylon

recently that the writing on the the two main sections into a num- (47:1, 48:14), which became the

gold plate of Comiso in Sicily has ber of separate packages, each of oppressor of Judah after the days been recognized as Hebrew; though which in turn readily yielded to of Isaiah, and (3) the general lanthe plate has been known since the fragmentation process to proguage and setting of the text which

1876, the writing was always duce scores of independent composuggest a historical background thought by the experts to be the sitions, all going under the name of commonly associated with a later preGreek native "Sikan"language. 'Isaiah. 4 First, chapters 4066 broke period than that of Isaiah. 8

It is things like this that give us up into separate books, 4055 being The late date of DeuteroIsaiah pause. by one author and 5666 by anis one of those things that has been

In view of newly discovered inother, duly labelled TritoIsaiah. taken for granted by everybody for

sights into the nature of ancient Chapters 3639 were recognized as years, so that today it would be scriptures, it is getting harder and a separate book on the grounds of hard to find a scholar who could harder to find really serious obtheir resemblance to 2 Kings 18:13 really explain it and impossible

jections to the Book of Mormon, -20:19. to find one who could prove it.

and today there is a tendency to The earlier Isaiah, chapters 1-35, The Isaiah question belongs prefall back on the one point of atbecame a swarm of separate sayeminently to that "large part of the tack that seems to have held up in ings glued together, according to questions about the history and the past, the socalled Isaiah one school, from a large number prehistory of the Old Testament"question. Since this has been in of smaller or mediumsized collecwhich, as J. A. Soggin has recently

capable hands in the past, we have tions and, according to another noted, "were formulated at a time directed our attention elsewhere; school, gathered as minor additions when men possessed a different

but constant prodding from nonto a central main work. Some concept of historical study and a

Mormons who are not just attackscholars agreed that chapters 1-12 much smaller knowledge of the aning the Book of Mormon but and 1323 represented separate colcient East"than they do today. 9

apparently really want to know, lections, though each had his own Until recently, Soggin observes, combined with some very recent theory as to how, when, where, and biblical scholarship was dominated and important studies that put by whom such collections were by "the dream of the completely things in a new and surprising made. 5 There is no point to going objective investigator, or at least

light, constrain us to undertake a into the subject in detail. Typical by the belief that such an ideal

brief discussion of this important is the present dating of the socalled was attainable."10

point. TritoIsaiah, which is variously But with the passing of authoriThe Book of Mormon Explains placed in the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, tarian absolutes in scholarship, the

Isaiah. Away back in the 12th 7th, and 8th centuries B.C. interpretation of Isaiah has become

century Ibn Ezra, a Jewish scholar, The most recent survey of the increasingly fluid. Thus, Eissfeldt

declared that chapters 40 to 66 of whole Isaiah problem reaches the can now tell us that references to

Isaiah seemed to form a literary conclusion that because of its "very Cyrus or Babylon do not necesunity, distinct in style and content long and complicated prehistory"sarily date the chapters or even from the rest of the book. To exit will "never be possible to achieve the verses in which they appear,

plain this, it was assumed that this a completely satisfying and thorthe passages being so typically part of the book was written not oughly convincing analysis"of the "Isaiah"that the names may well

JULY 1966 637 be later substitutions. 11 He notes tions against the nations should not FOOTNOTES

that Isaiah always preached the have been uttered against the As- 'See The Improvement Era, 68 (1965), (March 1965, pp. 210f, 213; April 1965, pp.

restoration as well as the destrucsyrian army and empire in Isaiah's 309ff, 328f, etc.), and our chapter entitled

"The Return of the Prophets?"in The World

tion of Jerusalem (he named his day, embracing as they did all the and the Prophets (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft,

first child "The Returning Remnations in their sinister host. 17 Nor, 1962),-'G. Colonna,pp. 258272."The Sanctuary at Pyrgi in

nant"! ), and that the threat and as other scholars note, is there any Etruria,""U. Schmoll,Archaeology,"Die 19hebraische(Jan. 1966),Inschriftp. 21.des

the promise go necessarily and inreason why one must be an exile Goldplattchensdeutschen Morgenlandischenvon Comiso,"Gesellschaft,Zeitschrift 113der separably together, so that the to write about the Exile; how far (1964),'"The pp.more512-4.the authorship of the Book of

optimism of DeuteroIsaiah is no can we trust the insight of the exIsaiahcated hashas beenthe investigated,question appeared."the more compliFinally

sign of separate authorship. 1 - He perts when each can tell us that challenged"there remainedauthority.very...few longIt seemedpassagesthatof unthe

notes that there has never been it is obvious to him that the Exile entireof the bookwork wasof manybest describedwriters...as ana anthologyconfused

any agreement among the experts passages were written in Babylon amalgammany sources."of greaterJ. orEaton,smallerin fragmentsVetus Testafrom

mentum, 9 138f. (1960), pp.as Palestine "characteristically to are ) ( Mowinckel ( Volz ), what

is process "The described in the latest extensive of survey the problem, Eissfeldt, Otto orIsaiah"expressions, (Marti), thoughts Lebanon 111 Egypt and in Einleitung Alte das ed., Testament (3rd

ls Tubingen: Morh, 408412. 1964), pp. that while one group ofand (Duhm)? Hbid., 460. p.

scholars sees carefully planned orThe most telling dichotomy be- 'Ibid.,Hbid., p.p. 413.408.

"Geschichte, "J. A. Soggin, Historie undganization and development in the tween Isaiah and DeuteroIsaiah in Heilsgeschichte im Alten Testament,"in Theoarrangement of the writings, antime is the emphasis of the latter logische Literaturzeitung, 89 (1964), p. 724.

other cannot detect the slightest on the apocalypse of bliss—the reEissfeldt,<Ibid., p. 723.op. cit., p. 420.

trace of either. 11 Finally he conturn of the exiles and the rebuildpraiseV-Ibid.,and pp.the416,satiric424.verses,Likewise,thoughthecompletelyhymns of

cludes with pointing out that there ing of the holy city and temple, as indicateopposite separatein tone, authorship,belong togetherp. 457.and do not

is a very close overall resemblance against the grim apocalypse of woe riIbid.,uibid., pp.pp. 431f452-3.and passim.

among all the chapters of Isaiah that prevails in earlier Isaiah. But Ibid.,Ibid., pp.pp. 464-5.461, 466.

and that if there is no chapter that again, we are now being reminded Ibid.,Ibid., p.p. 421.447.

does not contain genuine utterthat the two conceptions always on 1!lOnethis subjectof the ismostthatusefulof A. collectionsvon Gall, ofBasileiatexts

ances of the prophet, neither is form an indivisible whole in the tonmoreTheourecent (Heidelberg,survey, see Winter,our "Expanding1926). ForGos-a

there a chapter that does not conthinking of Isaiah—you can't think pel,"in BYU Studies, 7 (1966), pp. 3-27.

tain unauthentic passages. 15 of a gathering unless there has

The trouble with dating any part been a scattering and vice versa:

of Isaiah, as Eissfeldt points out, is they do not represent two different Buffs & Rebuffs that we have nothing really deficoncepts of history at all, but one {Continued from page 608) nite to go on; fixing dates or places and the same doctrine that is basic member comes away disgusted and

says, "That's the time are we religious all to or to "any referencewith the prophets older and much there."going his But vote lastmoney—his

in it office the box is where counts.spiritual uncertain. very concepts Isaiah. is a thing than This that—is

... all we have to go by is general is being increasingly emphasized goodThe nextfamilyweekfilm thethattheaterthe familyplays ig-a

impressions, and we must be satistoday in the light of comparative nores while telling their friends how degrading are. movies Yes, manyfied at best with mere possistudies the idea which show that films degrading, are still there but are

1 "uplift that some entertain. andbilities."of of things, of a cyclic concept

on we comment another May item:

hope no church is using In the past, scholars have put alternate periods of suffering and We member great confidence in their ability to defeat followed by victory and the theater as cheap babysitting serassign origins to documents on the prosperity, is attested very early in carevice. forWhenhis children,one hiresdependabilitysomeone tois

evidence of the general language the Egyptian and Babylonian liter- a requisite, and yet how careless are and setting of the text. A classic ature and seems to have been a visualsome peopleinfluenceaboutto whichthe typetheyofsubjectaudioexample is the impassioned utterfundamental part of the ritual pattheir children.

that encouraged to know We are toance of Isaiah against the wicked terns of the ancient East from very church are interested the members nations, plainly the cry of an afearly times. 19 point that something will be done.

flicted people to be avenged on Because the eschatological and Woodburn,Mr. and Mrs.OregonDaniel L. Stitt

their enemies, plainly an eschatoapocalyptic element dominates in Rarotonga logical yearning that breathes the the later apocrypha, it was long Photographs on page 407 of the May spirit of the Exile, which therefore assumed to be a later religious deImprovement Era are of Rarotonga as must have been written during the velopment, but the comparative thethan pictureTonga captionsas the indicate,page headingrather

Exile and by one of the exiles, long study of ancient ritual texts and indicates.

after Isaiah's day. And so we can monuments and their discovery in Patrick Daly Dalton

identify DeuteroIsaiah. constantly increasing numbers is The president of the Tongan Mission is

But, as Eissfeldt now points out, definitely changing the picture. 10 Patrick Daly Dalton rather than Patrick

there is no reason why the impreca- (To Be Continued) theD. Daly,May Ir.,issueas ofreportedthe Era.on page 403 of

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When we set out to build our premium tire we had this slogan, and you, very much in mind. That's why we wanted ours to be a AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

super tire. One that wouldn't take a back seat to any other tire in

delivering an extra margin of safety needed for today'shighspeed, superhighway driving. Now it's here. Our Amoco 120.?.%6Lfrt.">!!$ attUSs Sifiss

A tire that excels in every maximum performance test we've given it.

In traction and skid control. Impact and rupture tests. H1H 3Eb 015 2

F NEMETH FRED at a test track our Texas on its paces it through put We even DR X WOKTH HOLIDAY a 2625 with drive could you so speed, sustained 120 screaming mph LA NEW ORLEANS new feeling of confidence at 60. As we said before, 67

"You expect more from American and you get it!"*

The American Oil Company, 1966

World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

it, You expect more from American and you get

uperTire c AMOCO 120

Trademark t<:as'';;Rea.-U- S/;Pat. Off,y Attas Supply Company.

Priesthood Genealogy Program for '66 Continuation of the ThreeGeneration who is actively engaged in genealogical research

Program should be fully covered in PRS—either by the registrations of family organizations or by individual

The threegeneration program introduced in 1965 registrations—by the end of 1966.

is being continued in 1966 for: (1) new converts to

the Church, (2) young couples who have married Family Organizationsand thereby established new families within the year, (3) those who did not participate in the program All families in the Church are encouraged to estab1965.during

lish family organizations. Through family organizations researchers both in and out of the Church are

The FourthGeneration Assignment able to combine their talents and resources in an organized effort to accomplish the family's genealogiEvery family in the Church is assigned to prepare cal responsibility. Families are encouraged to organize

and submit the eight family group records that perand then submit a PRS registration for the organizatain to the family's fourth generation of ancestors.

tion to avoid having many family members register

This is simply an extension of the threegeneration the same pedigree.

assignment—going back one more generation to include the families of the greatgrandparents.

Branch Libraries Book of Remembrance Challenge Where feasible, the organization of branch libraries

A book of remembrance is to be prepared in every rollsis encouragedof microfilmedin order recordsthat the ofnearlythe halfGenealogicala million home of the Church. By the end of 1966 the book

Society Library may be made available to church should contain: (1) a title page, (2) a pedigree chart members everywhere.

completed for at least four generations, (3) a completed family group record for each of the 15 families represented by the first four generations on the pediWard Record Examination gree chart, (4) a completed personal record sheet the end of 1966, record examination programsfor the husband, wife, and each child of the living By should be in operation throughout the Church. All

family compiling the book.

family group records should be examined by ward record examiners (district examiners in the missions)

Priesthood Genealogy Class before being submitted to the Genealogical Society.

A priesthoodsponsored 13week short course in theIn additionexaminersto checkingfunction sheetsas counselors,for clericalhelpers,correctness,and genealogical research is held on MIA night. It is teachers, consulting with and aiding researchers in a

desired that all adult members of the Church receive spirit of friendly cooperation.

this laboratory type training to prepare themselves for genealogical activity.

Pedigree Referral Service I Reminder 1

The Pedigree Referral Service (PRS) is a program Two more of every family's fourthgeneration sheets of registering family surnames in order for persons are due in the hands of the ward high priests group performing research on the same families to be leader by August 1. The first two sheets were due

brought together so that they can cooperate with one June 1.

another and can share genealogical information. The

complete pedigree of every member of the Church

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA apostolic his office for of the great the message, the him burdenPresident says. holds of all honors.":i motive he which he and Fielding SmithJoseph

(Continued from page 619) "Joseph Fielding Smith is strong As President Smith nears his 90th in the common virtues which birthday, the staff of The Improvemankind. No one who understands underlie every sound life—honest, ment Era joins with church memhim could question for a moment benevolent, dependable and Godbers everywhere in thanking him

the rectitude of his intentions nor fearing, robust in intellect, vigorous for these years of wonderful service the wisdom of the words which in body, clear in his convictions, and praying that God's blessings he utters. unyielding in his purposes, sound will attend him as he looks for-

"Thoughtful people can have in his thinking, pure and lofty in ward to many more fruitful years.

little faith in the permanence of his aims, with a simplicity and any civilization, church or organsweetness permeating it all that TheBryantImprovementS. Hinckley,Era, "JosephJune 1932,Fieldingpp. 458-9.Smith,"

Fielding -"Joseph Smith,"The Improvementization if depravity prevamarks a noble character. becomes He has

Era, 687. September p. 1951,

fit is the This that eminently its members. cit.,lent among 'Hinckley, endowments op. 461. p.

President Joseph Fielding Smith, presentday president of the Council of the Twelve, stands behind his father, President Joseph F. Smith, in

this rare April 1918 general conference photograph of the General Authorities. This photograph shows four

Presidents of the Church: Joseph F.

Smith, Heber J. Grant, George Albert

Smith, and David 0. McKay. Key to

identification: (1) President Joseph

F. Smith, (2) President Anthon H.

Lund, (8) President Charles W. Penrose, (X) Rudger Clawson, (5) Heber

J. Grant, (6) George Albert Smith,

(7) Presiding Bishop Charles W.

Nibley, (8) 'Orrin P. Miller, (9)

Anthony W. Ivins, (10) Charles H.

Hart, (11) Orson F. Whitney, (12)

David O. McKay, (13) Rulon S. Wells,

(1U) Joseph Fielding Smith, (15)

J. Golden Kimball, (16) James E.

Talmage, (17) Stephen L Richards, (18) Joseph W. McMurrin, (19) Patriarch Hyrum G. Smith, (20) Richard

R. Lyman, (21) Seymour B. Young,

(22) David A. Smith. Absent when

photograph was taken were Reed

Smoot, George F. Richards, Brigham

H. Roberts, Levi Edgar Young.

JULY 1966 641 Best of Movies BY HOWARD PEARSON ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR, DESERET NEWS

Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews are shown in a scene from ''Mary

Poppins,"which will be rereleased throughout America this summer.

There are two reasons for which napping case; and The Ugly tame. Against a background of

we would like to cite Walt DisDachschund, story of a Great beautiful country and of wildlife, ney's Mary Poppins as one of the Dane puppy who thinks he's a the father and son find again their highlights of motion picture redachschund. Bambi, another Dismeaning to each other.

leases for this summer. ney release, is one of the most The Battle of the Bulge, alFirst, Mr. Disney took it out of enchanting animated films ever though it has the violence of war,

release in the United States and made and features the growth of a is a picture that takes advantage of

Canada last December, and it has little deer, Bambi. The story's the Cinerama techniques that apnot been shown in these countries colorful development, especially peal to many people. Audiences

since then. It has, however, been the forest fire sequence, is imaginafind themselves with tanks almost

furnishing good entertainment in tive enough for viewers of all in their laps and ducking bullets, foreign countries. ages. None who have seen the as one of the most crucial battles

Second, it is now being put into antics of Thumper and Flower, of modern times is waged. It is a

general release by Mr. Disney, so Bambi's animal friends, can ever fictionalized account of the battle,

many moviegoers who did not see forget the experience. youngsters must be told.

it before will be able to see it now. Among other releases we believe Born Free, which is beginning to

Those who did may enjoy it again. most family members will enjoy go into general release, is a highly

Mary Poppins has become a are the following: acclaimed movie version of the

classic in two short years. The story Ten Little Indians is a blackbest seller that's been translated

of the English nanny who went to andwhite version of the Agatha into 20 languages. In a quiet,

work in the home of a middleclass Christie mystery. Although it has eventempered way, the plot debanker in London will live as one been done on many stages, few velops. It tells the story of a game

of the highlights of motion picture productions have the suspense warden in Africa and his wife who history. The songs, including quality of this presentation, which raise a lion in their home and then

"Supercalifragilistic"and "A Spoonstars Hugh O'Brian, Wilfrid Hyde find that when they must free the ful of Sugar,"have become classics, White, Leo Genn, Stanley Holloanimal, they must teach her the as have many of Mr. Disney's other way, Fabian, and Shirley Eaton. ways of the wild, since her instincts

movie songs. One short romantic scene might are all domestic.

Among the highlights of Mary prove objectionable to some audiThe Ghost and Mr. Chicken feaPoppins are the charming scenes ences. The film is stopped for two tures Don Knotts as a quivering

with Julie Andrews and the adorminutes near the end, the clues reporter who seeks to solve the able children, the excellent acting are given, and moviegoers can mystery at a haunted house.

of Dick Van Dyke, and the combinguess the identity of the killer. The Night of the Grizzly stars

ing of live actors with cartoon Then the solution is presented. Clint Walker as an 1880 lawman

characters. Maya, starring Clint Walker and who is pitted against a revengeful

The general release of Mary featuring Jay North, formerly criminal and a grizzly bear.

Poppins makes it possible to pay Dennis the Menace, is an advenThe Sound of Music, the tuneful, tribute to Mr. Disney for bringing ture yarn laid in India. North goes happinessproducing story of the

so much family enjoyment to to India to live with his father Von Trapp family, continues to moviegoers. Mr. Disney also has after the death of his mother, and open in more theaters every month,

That Darn Cat, the comedy about father and son come to odds over giving families an opportunity for the feline who helps solve a kid- a cheetah the boy has tried to joyful gettogethers.

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hill Cumorah Pageant "Nothing about the pageant is

Dates for this year's so notable as the concealment of (Continued from page 626) pageant are July 2630, artifice. All the wizardry of stageof his particular role. with dress rehearsal on craft is employed to secure the ef-

"The tape of the pageant is a July 25. Each performance fects. A thousand tricks of the

mile and a half long,"Dr. Hansen will begin at 9:15 p.m. trade are put to use. Yet the imsaid. "Our sound system, the finest On Sunday, July 31, a pression the audience gets is one

of its kind, was developed for us priesthood meeting will be of spontaneity. There are times

by Dr. Harvey Fletcher. We have held on the slopes of the when the drama seems to flow from

three major speakers, each seven Hill Cumorah at 8 a.m. the earth itself."—Rochester (New

feet square at the mouth and Worship services open to York) TimesUnion.

nine feet deep, and clusterings of the general public will fol- "The pageant left an impression speakers in front of and around the low at 9:30 a.m. so strong that it lingered long after

audience. Thus the production can All requests for housing darkness had enfolded the Hill

be heard as well as seen from any accommodations should be Cumorah."—Syracuse (New York)

vantage point."directed to the Hill CumoHerald Journal.

No effort is spared to make the rah Pageant Housing Bu- "The spectacle is a production in sound perfect. As an interesting reau, c/o Manger Hotel, the deepest sense of the word. Its

sidelight, in 1959 a farmhouse and Rochester, N.Y. 14604. basic purpose is to deliver a messurrounding buildings in a field sage keyed to a better life. Ameriowned by the Church and located Among the most spectacular cans respond readily to such

just across the road from the hill scenes are the appearance of Jesus motives."—Rochester (New York)

were torn down when it was found Christ and the awesome destrucDemocrat and Chronicle.

that they were responsible for distion of the city of Zarahemla. "The scenes of Christ's life had

tortion and feedback. Dramatic use of lighting and water the most telling impact.... Jesus,

In the early days of the produccurtains adds to the spectacle. portrayed wonderfully by a man

tion, excerpts from classical music The pageant is held each year in costume and beard of that day, were spliced together to provide the last week of July or first week walked among the sick, bringing the musical background. Since 1957, of August. Audiences begin gathcomfort and healing.... Most

however, the pageant has boasted ering in late afternoon to find spectacular of all, though, was its own magnificent musical score, seats on the 15foot wooden planks when he, in a brilliant white robe, composed by Dr. Crawford Gates stretched out across the field at literally appeared to descend from

of the Brigham Young University the base of the hill, to hike up to heaven."—The Telegram, Toronto,

faculty. Performing the music are the Angel Moroni Monument, to Ontario, Canada.

the BYU combined choruses, the visit the Bureau of Information, In the years since its beginning in 80piece Utah Symphony Orchesand to meet with friends from all 1937 (the pageant was not pretra, and the Tabernacle Organ. The over the country. By 8 p.m., fully sented during the years of World

only live music for the pageant is an hour before the start of the War II), more than 8,000 missionprovided by a brass ensemble that pageant, the 20 acres of parking aries and volunteers have particiappears at the beginning, standing fields are usually filled with autopated in the pageant.

near the Angel Moroni Monument, mobiles and buses, and thousands "It would be impossible to name where they play "High on the of people have found seats on the all who have contributed/'Dr.

Mountain Top."For an hour prewooden planks and on blankets Hansen said. "Credit, naturally,

ceding the pageant, tapes of the spread picnicfashion around the must go to those who dreamed the

Tabernacle Choir are played, and periphery. Many thousands more dream in the first place, but great

as the field lights come on at the will watch from their automobiles. credit is also due those mission

close, the choir is heard singing Each year finds hundreds of colpresidents who followed and have "Come, Come Ye Saints."umn inches of publicity in newsdefended the merit and value of

Each year improvements are papers and magazines throughout producing the pageant. The enmade on many aspects of the prothe country and the world. These tire history has been one of love

duction, and this year is no differare some of the comments: and devotion to a cause. The

ent, according to Dr. Hansen. "Last "It is put together with the highfuture of the pageant has never

year we completely rebuilt two of est professional polish and the been brighter, and the 1966 proour major stages, and this year we latest technical equipment."—Time duction promises to be the most

will have the other two completed. magazine. inspiring of all!"

We also have many new costumes that have been designed and coscenes."specific forordinated IN AN ORCHARD Assisting Dr. will be Hansen

Charles Henson, technical director, BY ORMA WALLENGREN and Paul Evans and Dick Welch, Fie lived, and felt the same fresh breeze sound technicians. Beverly Warner That winds its way through surf and trees

of the BYU staff designed the cosIn endless orb of land and sea.

tumes, which were sewn at the This air that outlives life and death, university and shipped to Palmyra This tender probing wind, this breath earlier this summer. That once touched Him, now touches me.

JUl-Y 1966 643 All spring theSummerHomebrethren in the Melchizedek Priestchuck, as tender as possible, into small pieces (aboutA hood classes have been learning how to help make a Va pound per person ). Place each portion of meat and

more happy home in which to rear their children. some of the vegetables in a paper sack. Fold the top

All of the teaching has been based on one factor that of each sack around the contents. Wrap each sack in

is not easy to picture in a book. That is: Go home a section of newspaper, and dunk it into a bucket of

and practice what you have learned. water; wrap another section of newspaper around this

Practice is awkward at first, but as it is repeated dunked package, and dunk that; repeat the process a

it soon becomes normal and easy. To the ears of an third time. Lay the packages in the coals of your

elder who is not in the habit of telling his wife he fire, which has been merrily burning all the time, and loves her, the words will sound awkward, but to his build the fire up. It will take heat to do the job.

wife such words are never awkward if the husband Cover the packages with hot coals. Leave them to

is sincere. If he practices often enough, the words cook for an hour or so while you perform the next

come easy. task: cooking bread in reflector ovens.

It is summer now. Why not take the family to some 2. A week or so before your party, make two

mountain spot or camping area for a family home reflecting, ovens:

evening in the outof-doors? The purpose is, of course, Obtain some #10 cans and cut out both ends"

to show love for mother as you and the boys take with a can opener. Cut across the cylinder to obtain

over the cooking of the summer supper. Expect some sheets, which must be flattened out. With a 20d

goodnatured raillery from the women and the girls nail, make holes and join the sheets together, as shown as you prepare your food, but fear not. Their skeptiin the diagram, with baling wire rings.

cism will change to ohs and ahs as they consume the From the dime store buy two baking pans, each of food you gallantly prepare. which will fit an oven. A pan sits on the wire crossYou will need a place where you can build a fire piece and can extend out in front of the oven a

and, certainly, the wood to burn. If you are born little. A rock at the back holds the reflector upright.

and reared in the city, go to a planing mill and pur- 3. Grease the baking pans and they are now read}'

chase a quantity of scraps of hard wood. Or you for the bread dough.

could go to a lumberyard for pirion pine such as you Mix the following in a #2V2 (quart) can:

burn in your fireplace in the winter time. 1 cup flour

Now for the main course: 1 teaspoon baking powder

1. Dice up a variety of vegetables: carrots, turnips, 1 tablespoon sugar

potatoes, onions, cabbage, raw string beans. Cut beef 1 pinch salt

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fathers sons:

Treat the women in your family to a rare dinner cooked in your handmade reflecting oven.

Evening (This recipe should be increased or decreased in proportion to the amount of bread desired. Recipe

given here will be enough for a family of two.)

Add water enough to make a sticky dough. Mix it

quickly and spread it thin in each pan. Place the pans

CUT TWO in the reflectors in front of the fire—three inches away

PIECES FOR if the fire is not too large. When the dough is cooked

ENDS DRILL on the front side, turn the pan with a pair of pliers.

HOLE IN The bread will be done when it is wellbrowned.

EACH If you want to serve corn bread, mix % cup of flour with Vz cup of corn meal. If you want the bread

to taste like a muffin, add a couple of eggs. The

bread will be "chewy"because it has no shortening. o The meat and vegetables should now have baked

an hour or more in the coals and should be ready to eat.

Serve the main dish on plates. Remove the paper

from the vegetables and meat and add pieces of hot bread, butter, and jam to your plates. The dessert

may be fruit or ice cream, with perhaps a tencent candy bar as a finale.

After the meal, build up the fire and tell pioneer stories. Preston Nibley's book Pioneer Stories is an

excellent source. Other sources are the public library

or family histories.

On your way home be sure to tell your wife you have discovered that getting meals is a real task and that you appreciate and love her. The children will

agree with you.

P.S. Don't forget to bring salt and catsup to the O feast.

JULY 1966 645 Bishop Leon W, Gourdin, Markham J. Anderson,

Studio City W ard, Burbank bishop of Rochester (California) Stake, was (Minnesota) Ward, is a born in Utah and has convert of 11 years and has served in the Sunday served as branch Sunday

School su perintendency, School superintendent, as stake MIA superintenbranch president, and

I dent, and as bishop's counselor. stake high councilor.

Bishop F. Dean Brunson,

McGill Ward, Nevada Stake, has served as scout- 0*k master, MIA superintenWard Work Projects Lead to Activity dent, assistant ward clerk, And the Temple and member of the stake high council. Among the challenges that faced me as a new

bishop were a building that had been donated to the ward but was in need of major remodeling, a welfare farm that had been

Woman Healed Through Faith, Prayer. leased out, and a great number of inactive

Power of Priesthood adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

After stake priesthood leadership meeting our I was blessed with qualified and able counselors elders quorum president told me that his wife, from the beginning. A willing body of the

who had been hospitalized, requested that ward membership, supporting the ward we come and administer to her. leadership, enabled us to raise the necessary

The doctor had told the husband that there was funds for commencing to remodel the building evidence of hemorrhage in the brain, and tests and to make extensive improvements to the were planned. The doctor had also indicated farm, which was now being operated by the

earlier that evening that conditions did not look ward. Resounding improvements were soon

good. He suggested that the husband be in evidence

prepared for what the doctors might find. Hand in hand with the ward's gratifying

When we arrived at the hospital, the wife asked physical progress came the opportunity for her husband to anoint her with oil. She also individual growth through participation in these

requested that I seal the anointing and ask the programs. The adult members of the Aaronic

Lord to bless her. This we did with a prayer Priesthood who responded to the task of

in our hearts. I had performed this ordinance remodeling the building were faithful and

many times before, but this time I was dedicated beyond all expectation.

compelled by a force within me to continue With the blessings of fellowship that came from a silent prayer for her through the night and working together came also the spiritual the next day. Never before had I experienced experience of associating with others who had

such a strong feeling. I would pause and find devoted their lives to being honorable

myself praying to the Lord to bless this sister. priesthood bearers. Brethren engaged in the

That afternoon her husband called my wife welfare project received knowledge that it was at home, and in a. choked voice he indicated truly the desire of the Lord that it be successful.

that the X-rays showed no evidence of damage Several who had been inactive in church and that his wife was going to be all right. affairs became active as a direct result of

He said the doctor was amazed and couldn't these programs.

believe or understand what had happened. One of the most humbling and rewarding

We all knew what had happened: through the experiences of their lives later took place

power of the priesthood and the faith of when grandparents, parents, and children those involved, the Lord had answered our met in the St. George Temple and shared

prayers. in the supreme joy of goals achieved.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Was It an "Unfortunate Experience"?

Some months ago one of my sons and I were driving into our small Minnesota city to spend the day as student and physician, just as we had done a hundred times before. While I

still have no recollection of the event, I am told that a truck suddenly pulled across the highway so close to us that there was no time to avoid a collision.

Several days later, when my mental processes had begun to behave normally, I realized that my son and I were in the hospital being treated for a variety of rather significant injuries that necessitated the use of casts, crutches, canes.

One might be expected to feel, and many have expressed the feeling, that this was a terrible tragedy. Strangely enough, it never seemed

that way to me. Rather than having concern

for the extent of my injuries and the likely eventual outcome, a reaction one might expect in a physician, I was almost totally absorbed by a feeling of nearness to my Heavenly Father and a concern for things spiritual—a state for

which I had been praying for some time.

I was impressed at once that I could very easily have been awakening in the spirit world, no longer having direct access to my children or my wife. I was strongly impressed by the

feelings I probably would have felt had I indeed found myself deprived of mortality. What

remorse I felt at not having more overtly discussed the beautiful gospel of Jesus Christ with a number of dear friends who were living in the partial light of lesser doctrines! It is

difficult to express the marvelous gratitude

I felt to Heavenly Father for the fact that I was to have a further opportunity, a second chance to perform more valiantly.

While answers to prayers don't often come with easyto-read labels on them, I have concluded that our "unfortunate experience"was in reality the divinely provided means whereby

I could become a more useful tool in our

Heavenly Father's hands. I would not suggest,

nor have I felt, that he would have precipitated an accident such as ours. However, I feel that

the Holy Ghost may have protected us from fatal injury, and I feel even more strongly that the fruits of this violent experience may properly be ascribed to the influence of our

Heavenly Father.

JULY 1 966 647 TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

NEVER, NEVER decide that you are not creative.

Learn to let your mind go a step further than it is accustomed to go. Carry the "now"into what it can

become. Find new words to use, new things to do,

new thoughts to think. Don't be a coward. Express

that new thought you just had—make something of it.

Use the five senses to your advantage. Be aware;

live on tiptoe; see new color, new shape, new concepts. Listen to the sounds around you of music, of

voice, of motion. Use the sense of smell creatively.

Let the scent of herbs and flowers make new ways to dine. Use taste to direct you in creating exotic

dishes. Let touch bring the other senses into

creativity.

NEVER, NEVER come to the conclusion that you can't get out of your rut. Grasp new ideas and twist

and turn them to bring joy to everyday experiences.

Test yourself by trying to do something you have never done before. Grandma Moses did this. So

can you. You have a talent—discover it. Don't wait

until you are 80 years old to start.

NEVER, NEVER function with half an interest.

It is said that each one of us uses only a tiny part of his brain. Our possibilities would amaze us if we

could envision them. Dr. Richard L. Gunn of BYU

has a formula that will extend our learning to such an extent it is hard to imagine. This formula is

called MCB—Mind Come Back. In other words,

always focus your mind on the moment. As you

read, concentrate; as you listen to a teacher, truly

hear each word. When you attend church services,

listen to the speaker. Besides increasing your

knowledge, your power of concentration will grow as you say to yourself "Mind Come Back."Never

function with half an interest.

NEVER, NEVER discount yourself as an important individual. You are special, a person different from

all others. You can, if you try, do something better

than anyone else. You can improve in everything

you are now doing, whether it be playing the piano, writing a poem, or dusting the livingroom furniture.

It is possible for you to save a life—your own—from

being drab and unproductive by just trying harder.

NEVER, NEVER give up your lilt. Perhaps that

lilt, that gayness, that power to lift others is what makes a woman wonderful. Life is real, but it

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shouldn't be too earnest. There must be a joy in NEVER, NEVER serve unappetizing meals. A

living in order to make it livable. That is a mother's pretty place mat makes even a roll and milk an

job—to bring happiness into her home. Do not forget occasion.

that your family is precious, and remember to tell NEVER, NEVER say that preparing food is unthem so often. Compliment each child and your rewarding. Watch the happy faces around your

husband, too, on the things they do well. When Jane dinner table, and notice the bloom of health in your

sparkles in that new dress, tell her how pretty she children.

looks. When Jim stands tall, comment on it and tell

him how handsome he is. Yes, even tell your husNEVER, NEVER be negative about a certain food

band that he looks ten years younger as he comes in or recipe until you have tried it. Where is your sense

after having his hair cut. When Mary does a kind of adventure?

act or John does an honest, good deed, compliment "It's just the family; whatthem in front of the rest of the family. If someone NEVER, NEVER say

successfully accomplishes something he is assigned we have for dinner doesn't matter."Is there anyone

to do, give him public recognition. Mother, this more precious? And do teach each child to enjoy a

"lilt"of yours can make the sun really shine in your variety of foods.

home. NEVER, NEVER be guilty of keeping the children

if you NEVER, NEVER stop being curious about people out of the kitchen. How will they learn to cook

and things. Let your mind question; then look for do not teach them? I saw a cartoon once of a mother

the answers. Learn from people, books, and expeributtoning up the wedding dress of her daughter, and

.. and now dear, to make a cakeences. A woman decided she had let herself fall the caption read, ".

far behind her husband and even her children in you...."If we wait until our daughters are being

upto-date knowledge. So she decided to read one married and then try to give them a crash course in

it. Welcome thehour each day, even if the time had to be snatched 15 cooking, we might as well forget

minutes at a time. Three hundred and sixtyfive little "tallstool sitters"into the kitchen and let them

hours of good reading can bring great changes in a taste and measure and stir.

person's outlook in just one year. NEVER, NEVER leave out imagination as you stir

All of the above has been written as a foundation the pot. Do you have a recipe that is your very

for some NEVER, NEVERS about food: own because you experimented with ingredients until

you came up with something special? If not, you

NEVER, NEVER be ignorant of the latest facts don't know what you've missed. Imagination can

about food, based on scientific nutrition.

be a great satisfaction, and you might be a prize NEVER, NEVER display disinterest in the four winner. I know of a girl who is hundreds of dollars

basic diet needs. Every day draw from these four

richer just because she thought up a new meat dish.

areas: meat, vegetables and fruits, cereal, dairy foods.

Balance your family's meals. NEVER, NEVER delay earning a friend with food.

NEVER, NEVER become a food faddist. Don't satisfactionHospitality centerscomes fromaroundbringingthe dinnercongenialtable. peopleGreat

conjure up ideas that strong bodies will develop from just one or two foods. Depend on information that together for dinner. Food builds bridges of understanding as you carry it to a neighbor in need. There

comes from proven scientific sources.

is another way to make a friend—be generous with

NEVER, NEVER complain about preparing three your own special recipes. This life is too short not

good, nourishing meals a day. Just be thankful that to share what good things we have with others. Unyou have loved ones to nourish and that food is less a recipe is used commercially, it should belong

plentiful. to everyone. Then your talent is not just a recipe

but the special, perfect way you make it.

NEVER, NEVER prepare food without a plan. A

plan saves time, money, and energy, and it helps NEVER, NEVER cook without heart. Your best

insure good nutrition and interesting meals. can be accomplished with love.

JULY 1966 649 SUMMER CASSEROLES

As warm days arrive, be prethickened. Stir in the salt and

pared with some tasty casserole pepper. Add the sauce to the

dishes that can be mixed in the beans, ham, parsley, and pimiento morning, baked just before supperand turn into a casserole. Top

time, and whisked out to be eaten with the grated cheese. Bake at

on the patio with no fuss—just fun. 350 degrees F. for about Vz hour or

Add a big fresh fruit salad, a tall until bubbly.

cool drink, and hot rolls to make a complete meal.

Morning Chicken (5 servings) Vienna Casserole (4 to 5 servings) 2 pounds chicken parts 2 tablespoons butter 2 cans ( 4 ounces each ) Vienna 1 can condensed cream of chicken sausages soup 1 tablespoon chopped onion 1 soup can of milk 2 tablespoons butter V4 teaspoon poultry seasoning 2 tablespoons flour V4 teaspoon salt

Vz teaspoon salt Dash pepper IVz cups milk 4 medium carrots, cut lengthwise

V4 cup grated sharp cheese in quarters 1 package frozen broccoli, cooked 8 small onions 2 hardcooked eggs, chopped 1 package frozen lima beans

V2 cup soft bread crumbs 2 tablespoons melted butter Brown the chicken in butter and

Looking for a mealtime Cook the onion in the 2 tableplacesoup, andin casserole.seasoningsHeattogether.the milk,Add

carrots onions; cover and and cookdrink without stimulants? browned.spoons butterStiruntilin tenderthe flourbut andnot over heat for 10 minutes. low Do

mm a salt. Add milk and cook, stirring not let burn on the bottom. Add

Enjoy constantly, until thickened. Add the lima beans and cook until

the cheese, and cook slowly until separated, stirring often. Pour

it is melted. Cut broccoli into over the chicken. Cover and re-

1-inch pieces and place in bottom frigerate until 1 hour and 15 minof a greased casserole. Sprinkle utes before serving. Bake covered

onehalf of the chopped eggs over in a 375 degree F. oven for 1 hour.

a layer broccoli. the with Cover 15 minutes Uncover bake andPOSTUM sausages of sliced then and Vienna is until tender. longer or chicken It's 100% caffeinfree.

the remaining chopped eggs. Pour Garnish with parsley.

cheese sauce over top; mix the

bread crumbs with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and arrange Fish Bake (6 servings) around the edge of casserole. Bake

INSTANT* at 350 degrees F. for about 30 1 can condensed mushroom soup

minutes. V3 cup salad dressing

M3 milk cup CEPOSTUM EAl KIEliS!

1 shrimp, (6-ounce) drained can Casserole Dinnerin-One NoCaffmv) 1 tuna, drained, (7-ounce) can (8 servings) washed, and flaked 1 pound fresh mushrooms, sliced 1 can (5-ounce) water chestnuts, and sauteed in 4 tablespoons drained and sliced butter 1 cup diced celery 6 tablespoons flour 2 tablespoons parsley

What's in it then? Just toasted grains 3 cups whole milk 1 tablespoon grated onion

and other purefood ingredients. Salt and pepper to taste 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento

What's ittaste like? Likenothingelse 1 large can tender cut string beans 2 cups cooked macaroni

on your grocer's shelf. Slowroasted 3 cups cooked ham, cut in strips

to flavor perfection in brick ovens, 2 tablespoons minced parsley Mix all ingredients lightly together.

Postum has a flavor all its 4 tablespoons chopped pimiento Spoon into a buttered casserole.

own. Vz cup grated sharp cheese Top with 1 cup crushed buttered

Good at mealtime or cracker crumbs. Bake at 350 deGp Add the flour and the milk to the grees F. for 30 minutes until goldenanytime. Or when you sauteed mushrooms. Cook until brown and bubbly.

FOODShave friends in. Why not GENERALKITCHENS

find outforyourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corp.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA All In Favor Said Aye!

When Fetzer's suggested this magnificent table for use in the new Associated Contractors Building Board Room, all in favor said Aye!

Custom work is HOME, SWEET HOME Fetzer's speciality!

Stop by or call, Claude Williamson, 4846103 ever had youHave slip a little hand into yours SALT 1436LAKESouthCABINETWest Temple,&SaltFIXTURELake City, UtahCOMPANY and a small voice say, "Let's go and pick violets"?

But you quickly replied with that ageold excuse, "I'm too busy now, run and play.'

Too busy to get acquainted with a threeyear-old?

to stop busyToo of the mechanics Use this handy the middle in of life to live?

Has a boy aged six coupon to run into your kitchen and excitedly said, "Mother, if you'd come with me and hold the lid down tight RENEW YOUR on this tin can while I chase butterflies,We'd catch a hundred SUBSCRIPTION thousand times as many.

It'd be such fun."

And you answered, "No, I haven't a minute to spare,"OR ORDER THE not realizing that holding lids down tight Would open up confidences, and you'd find out what he was to be tomorrow.

Have you had a tenyear-old with a quilt in her arms FOR A FRIEND sweetly say to you, "Let's go lie on the grass together and count the stars"?

Did you answer, "I'm too busy now"? CLIP AND MAIL

And her dreams never, never again were The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 offered to you.

Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for

Time passes—Name—

And mother or dad, too late, is heard to complain, Address.

"My children seldom City State Zip talk to me, or confide in me.

They just go their own way. (Check one) Give credit for this subscription to

We don't live in the same world This is a renewal. Ward or Branch

of understanding.

Why can't we do things together? This is a gift D Stake or Mission

How can things be different?

of donor. gift, also give name and address has happened to If What years * years Iyear

$8.75 $5.75 $3.00 -J our family?"-FBP *?Z—Name—year additional each $2.50 for Add

Address—i

JULY 196S 651 YASHICA EZMATIC

Your Question they would have been the first to reveal the fraud. Moreover, the fact

( Continued from page 612) DROP IN THE that each of them remained true to

CARTRIDGE AND SH were declared by the Spirit of his testimony to the time of his

Christ: death, notwithstanding he had

"For behold, the Spirit of Christ problems to overcome that appeared is given to every man, that he may to him as being difficult, is one of know good from evil... [and] the strongest evidences that we

the way to judge; for every thing have that the witnesses spoke the

Use indoors without flash. which inviteth to do good, and to truth and their testimony is true.

Fast f2.7 focusing lens. persuade to believe in Christ, is

Stop action. Shutter speeds sent forth by the power and gift of

to 1 /600th of a second.

Christ; wherefore know ye may Sets Automatic. both its own

it is of SAN JUAN a perfect with knowledge shutter.lens opening and

Get in the picture with 10 God. BY ALVIN J. SCHOW

second built in delay timer. "But whatsoever thing persuadSave $14.00 from nationally eth men to do evil, and believe not Down San Juan way

advertised price.

in Christ, and deny him, and serve There is a place includes leather not God, then ye may know with a I love to stand$ % 97 case.

perfect knowledge it is of the devil;

Send Check or Money Order Arid watch the wild wind

We Pay Postage. C.O.D. You Pay Postage for after this manner doth the devil

work, for he persuadeth no man to Beat against the skyhis Down San Juan way. CUSTOM'MATIC do good, no, not one; neither do

7: Down San Juan way CAMERA themselvesangels; neitheruntodo him."they who(Moro.subject

Specialists in Savings 1617.) The cedar tree,

P.O. Box 385 Portland, Ore. Such a sentiment as this could The pinon pine,

come only by and through the guidThe canyon rim ance of the Holy Ghost. There is Are friends of mineDown San Juan way. Now Read I alsosideredanotherin relationfact thatto themusttestimonbe conies of these three witnesses. If they Down San Juan way

had by any means entered into a spirit lifts, "OF fraud or had concocted a story in My are true, thoughts My of FOOD FOOD soul's refreshed, My AND relationBook of toMormon,the comingthe factforthappearsof the m|gHT THOUGHT"perfectly clear that when they were My faith made newby at cross purposes with the Church, Down San Juan way.

Florence B. Pinnock

The Era's "Today's Family"Editor T\ Only $4.50 Each recipe and each menu in this book These Times standing. The Latin mass is reis for as lovingly together an aid put the vernacular by now

their task in wives of (Continued from page 607) placeable mothers L.D.S. and of Catholic languages Roman famistrong building bodies and happy

lies. Each recipe is related to a complete Some effects will be slow. In peoples. On the whole it can be

menu. The time of day, the season, and some places the change may not estimated that the immediate,

are also occasion the type of considered. be profound. But the dialogue shortrun effects will be to call "pantryshelf only for Recipes

ingredientsnevertheless hungry families John XXIII called for among strengthen measurably the role and will acclaim you for their excellence, and Christians, between Christians and position of the Roman Catholic you'll be pleased with their simplicity. Jews and others, as well as the churches in America. In the longer

Available from dialogue within the Roman Cathoterm, cleavages of custom, doclic fold between clergy and laity trinal differences, practices affectand among the laity is beginning ing family life, and various relito take place. In the United States, gious practices may reveal wide

in differences. called circumstances places such But and John XXIII tleseret COM Book is for dialogue. as the April Dialogue 19, one described on there now MALL 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE ANDP ATA N COTTONWOODY

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD.. 2472 WASHINGTON OODEN 1966, the results appear to be proin these times between Pope and

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE. CALIFORNIA ductive of greater friendship and Canterbury, among Protestant minthe breaking of many old barriers isters speaking from Catholic pul-'

that stood in the way of underpits, and vice versa.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A memento of one of history's most dramatic and inspiring achievements—the Mormon Pioneer Handcart companies who, more than 100 years ago, walked through heat and thirst and mountain storms over more than a

thousand footsore miles from Iowa City to the valley of the Great Salt Lake.

Send for this picture in brilliant natural colors

YOURS FOR JUST 3 SEGO MILK LABELS

First offered 12 years ago during Sego Milk's 3 tall cans of Sego Milk. Or send 3 labels to:

50th anniversary, the picture is now reissued in Sego Milk, P. O. Box 934, Salt Lake City, Utah

response to continuing demand.

Note: Ifyour store does

Beneath the lithographed reproduction of the not have Sego Milk, suitable painting 1 l"xl5"for framon its mount, 3 PETMILK labels VECO is ing, story a brief of the incredible of 3ego courage will do as well. JECQ, the in Pioneers the face Handcart of unimaginMilkevaporate able hardship. MilkEvaporate EVAPORATED Milk

Get your free picture at your store when you buy PETMILK COMPANY

MILK PRODUCTS DIVISION

JULY 1956 653

How Jesus Dealt With Men Once when Jesus "sat at meat"sheep which was lost.

( Continued from page 623 in the house of Matthew, a publi- "I say unto you, that likewise can, many publicans and sinners joy shall be in heaven over one administrator and said in part: came and sat down with him and sinner that repenteth, more than

"John, at that time, was the only his disciples. over ninety and nine just persons,

legal administrator in the affairs of "And when the Pharisees saw it, which need no repentance."(Luke

the kingdom there was then on the they said unto his disciples, Why 15:2, 4-7.)

earth, and holding the keys of eateth your Master with publicans In explanation of this parable, power. The Jews had to obey his and sinners? the Prophet Joseph remarked: "The

instructions or be damned, by their "But when Jesus heard that, he hundred sheep represent one hunown law; and Christ Himself fulsaid unto them, They that be whole dred Sadducees and Pharisees, as

filled all righteousness in becoming need not a physician, but they that though Jesus had said, 'If you Sadobedient to that law which he had are sick. ducees and Pharisees are in the

given to Moses on the mount, and "But go ye and learn what that sheepfold, I have no mission for thereby magnified it and made it meaneth, I will have mercy, and you; I am sent to look up sheep

honorable, instead of destroying it."not sacrifice: for I am not come to that are lost; and when I have

( Teachings, p. 276. call the righteous, but sinners to found them, I will back them up

Jesus did not ignore the prophets repentance."(Matt. 9:1113.) and make joy in heaven.'This repwho had lived before. He conThe Pharisees were not a little resents hunting after a few indisistently sustained them, but he dishocked that someone as great as viduals, or one poor publican,

rected the people's attention toward Jesus was supposed to be would which the Pharisees and Sadducees the proper perspective that should deign to eat with publicans and despised."(Teachings, p. 277.)

exist concerning both the living sinners. This was much different Of the Parable of the Ten Pieces

prophets and those of earlier times. from their behavior. Jesus'words of Silver, the Prophet said:

A dead prophet cannot ordain or were given to answer their mur- "He also gave them the parable perform any ordinances for the livmurings and questions. of the woman and her ten pieces of

ing. This is akin to the message of Those whom Jesus designated in silver, and how she lost one, and

the Parable of the Rich Man, which this instance as the "whole"and searching diligently, found it again,

Jesus uttered to the Pharisees: the "righteous"were the comwhich gave more joy among the

"Abraham saith unto him, They plaining, murmuring, selfrighteous friends and neighbors than the nine have Moses and the prophets; let Pharisees. It is obvious from the which were not lost; like I say unto

them hear them. context of the story that they were you, there is joy in the presence of

"And he said, Nay, father Abra- "whole"and "righteous"only in the angels of God over one sinner ham: but if one went unto them their own estimation and that Jesus that repenteth, more than over

from the dead, they will repent. was speaking ironically as to why ninetyand-nine just persons that

"And he said unto him, If they he mingled with publicans and are so righteous; they will be

hear not Moses and the prophets, sinners. damned anyhow; you cannot save

neither will they be persuaded, "I will have mercy, and not them."{Teachings, pp. 277278.)

though one rose from the dead."sacrifice"simply means that, when The whole twentythird chapter

(Luke 16:2931.) dealing with one's fellows, the prinof Matthew is a scathing denunciaIt is as if to say: "Man's hope for ciples of mercy and love are pretion of hypocrisy. The events

salvation must come through the ferred to a display of righteousness. therein took place three days before

ministry of a living and legal repreLuke, chapter 15, contains some Jesus'crucifixion and represent sentative of the Savior."parables concerning selfrighteous- some of his strongest and most

Many such passages and events ness that Jesus spoke. Two of these cutting words of which we have

as these constitute solid affirmation are known as the Lost Sheep and record.

by the Master that however great the Lost Coin. The scribes and Pharisees are

a prophet's words may have been The background for these paraprecisely mentioned as the most to nis own generation, the most imbles is important. While Jesus guilty; their sin was intensified

portant prophet to any people is he was teaching the people, the pubbecause they acted under a prewho is then with them—a living licans and sinners drew near to tense of righteousness. This is

legal administrator, holding the hear him, but the Pharisees and particularly expressed in the Inkeys of authority to reveal the mind scribes murmured, saying: "This spired Version of Matthew 23:21,

of God and perform the ordinances man receiveth sinners, and eateth which reads:

at that time. with them."To answer their fault- "Ye blind guides, who strain at

said: a camel; a gnat, Jesus and swallow who2. Selfrighteousness and Hypocrisy finding, yourselves appear "What of you, having an make unto men man

Of the many wrong attitudes that hundred sheep, if he lose one of that ye would not commit the least people tend to develop, Jesus was them, doth not leave the ninety and sin, and yet ye yourselves, transmost adamant against selfrigh- nine in the wilderness, and go after gress the whole law."

teousness and hypocrisy. He counthat which is lost, until he find it? After listing a number of selfseled his disciples to "take heed "And when he hath found it, he righteous acts of which the Phariand beware of the leaven of the layeth it on his shoulders rejoicing. sees and scribes were guilty, Jesus

Pharisees and of the Sadducees,"or "And when he cometh home, he asked:

the doctrine of the Pharisees and calleth together his friends and "Ye serpents, ye generation of of the Sadducees (Matt. 16:6-17), neighbours, saying unto them, Revipers, how can ye escape the damwhich is hypocrisy. (Luke 12:1.) joice with me; for I have found my nation of hell?"(Matt. 23:33.)

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA k That the Lord was particularly concerned about the influence of the wrongdoer upon other people is seen in the following passage as

Version: in the Inspiredrendered *',V*> V,J V Vvty )n*:$,,PL** mi %*-!}>**"* A'v you, Scribes 'unto * v "Woe and > VfT'?'%*%*# v*?< If,V.t-( 'V

*"> n if Aii||-tw V*<rS*?v!sf\$,*V*V"hypocrites! ye comPharisees, For

pass sea and land to make one proselyte; and when he is made, ye

make him two -fold more the child of hell than he was before, like unto yourselves."23:12.) (Matt

of i 'Ci? t"f: <* V* * **W|Vn "? ** # j* #/Vfc* s> V\* A ''i 4 ',"1 * * f -"">.J- * P* *(**! *! interpretation Any logical

Jesus'words demonstrates that the action of the Savior in dealing with critself-esteemedhis and cunning | 't*'4*'lf*ii)i*)fvNw'f'V'V**-* 5?%Vgl"A*"*''w J**'*M-* "***>'*',V*"ics dynamic. and He ", ''*,v*''>i,IC<V *>)>!.J| *****S**'V vl!l,*Wtt?*?V<*./*!,>%'.>.,*\:4<*.M. was strong

put no cloak over their sins. *,l.

That the Prophet Joseph shared

Jesus'dislike of selfrighteousness Is your church any place to skimp that:is his declaration shown by

that "I who on carpet quality? love man better

as as long a streamswears architects specify my arm "No!"say the Gropoint's who for And 19 colors make it adapthis neighbors, to justice dealsyet of the stately able to any decor. so many new Mormon

his substance deals mercifullyand buildings. carpet, church Good is just they But of Gropoint one many smoothlong, the poor,to the than point out, sound, absorbs saves on mainquality Bigelows befits whose Mormon (Teachings, hypocrite."p. costs.faced of course, tenance And, improves buildings. inare others, church There

303). appearance. cluding styles for every public building,

Some may find it difficult to Not surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint every home. Bigelow has or can customreconcile this outspoken and dy- (above) gets the nod. create the perfect carpet. We've done

namic Jesus with the idea of it since 1825.

Gropoint's allwool Longwearing to generally attributedmeekness RUGS ft CARPETS SINCE I82S pile softens noise quiet. to a hushed himself as loop Bigelow: spoke ofhim. Jesus

being "meek and lowly in heart"(Matt. 11:29), but what is meeknot It is cowardice, notness? of produccapable have facilities at PRESS DESERET NEWS is We It fearfulness. notweakness,

print also magazine. editions of almost ing regional any national We in It is unselfishnessselflessness.

need. you might letterheads or about anything cards We——Selfbusiness of the word.the best sense can print planning, or your artwork. photography job your can do your We is selfishness. Meekrighteousness

just fold perforate, about letterpress or offset can and we——the opposite. is exactlyness

is is right. thing us style. the important about And and—ourbind price is characterized by a anyMeekness

is our quality evidenced proof of by work our many the us a try, Give because attitudenoncomplaining one is not prepossessed with self. satisfied customers.

The concept of meekness as selflessness was explained by the

Prophet Joseph as follows:

"Some of the company thought I.

was not a very meek Prophet; so I

told them: 'I am meek and lowly

in heart,'and will personify Jesus for a moment, to illustrate the principle, and cried out with a loud voice, 'Woe unto you, ye doctors;

woe unto you, ye lawyers, woe unto you, ye scribes, Pharisees, and hypocrites!'But you cannot find

the place where I ever went that I found fault with their food, their drink, their house, their lodgings;

no, never; and this is what is meant

by the, meekness and lowliness of

Jesus."(Teachings, p. 270.) TEL: 4861892

Next month we will discuss how Jesus dealt with sin and sinners 1600 EMPIRE ROAD and how he dealt with miscellaneous situations.

JULY 1966 655 The Convert wait to hear from the people who want you led astray."Salt Lake

( Continued from page 630) believe in it."City would never hear of her

Henry entered the house and nephew now.

people gave them a lot of trouble. found a piece of paper. After a As the weeks passed, Henry

You can cuss a fellow out easier little thought, he composed a letter started to read the Book of Morwith one word than a whole line. to Salt Lake City. Sealing the mon the second time. Grandpa

Mormon spits out real nice when a envelope with paste, he put it John found a few tracts for him man wants to be hateful. Still, it's aside and began to read the book down in his old trunk. Henry's

a name we carry with pride, even once more. testimony increased. People bethose of us who don't live it too Moments later Aunt Leora, who gan to talk about him. They had

well."had been trying to think what she heard of his interest in the MorAs they talked on, Grandpa John could do to save his soul, said, mons from Reverend Matthews,

told Henry to write church head- "I'm going to the general store. and they began to regard him with

quarters in Salt Lake City, Utah. I'll be back directly."Perhaps suspicion.

If possible, elders would be sent someone there could tell her more "Don't worry too much about it, to see him when they passed about the Mormons, she thought. boy,"said Grandpa John. "When

nearby. "Please mail this letter, Aunt you're not with the crowd, they

Then Henry heard Aunt Leora Leora. It's awful important."figure you're wrong, not them."

calling. "I got to go talk with She took the letter and started "That doesn't worry me much.

Aunt Leora's preacher. Can I take down the road. When she passed I know what I'm learnin'is true.

this book?"Grandpa John, she didn't greet him What worries me is I haven't heard

"Sure, boy. Keep it as long as as usual. "He must have gotten from the elders, and it's been sevyou like. I can't read too good, that book from old John,"she eral weeks."

and there's lots of big words I thought. Then she looked at the "The elders walk everywhere

don't know. I know it's true address on the letter. "Salt Lake they go, so it will take awhile.

though."City! That's where the Mormons They likely won't be here till spring.

"So do I, and I haven't even read live."After a moment's thought They work the cities in the winter

it!"Henry hollered over his she made her decision. and usually don't get out in the

shoulder. As he neared the cabin, She glanced around: no one was country until summer."

he saw Aunt Leora talking earin sight. Quickly she tore the letter "I sure wish they'd come. I want

nestly with the preacher, Reverend to shreds and threw them in the to be baptized."

Matthews. The preacher was a creek. Tm sorry I have to go beAs spring came Henry looked

friendly man, genuine in his conhind your back, Henry. I don't for the elders every day. He even

victions that "everyone who isn't wrote several more letters; but

saved will go to hell."since the storekeeper, who also

"Good morning, Henry; I was wanted to help save Henry's soul,

just about to leave,"said the MADRIGAL FOR A MATE was the mailman, none of the letpreacher in a hearty voice. "God ters reached Salt Lake City. He

bless you, boy."BY DONNA DICKEY GUYER had heard lots of stories about

"Thank you, sir."Mormons, and he had a family to

"I've been talking with your Your calm is summers tall, unhurprotect, even if it meant breaking aunt. She is somewhat concerned ried ways, the law. He didn't want any Morabout your soul. Say, what's that mons in his area.

book you have there?"a respite for the tired mind, a cool One day as Aunt Leora was

Henry handed the reverend the moment of hush in cymbaldriven packing a dish for a church picnic, book. "Well, well! The Book of she asked Henry to go with her.

Mormon! You know, boy, some days. "All the planting is done. Whatpeople claim this book is of the And I can bathe deep in this forest ever you have to do here can wait

Redevil."pool. half a day. Do come, Henry.

Henry swallowed hard. "Sir, I becca might be there; I hear she

know this book is from God."With gladegreen quiet and endurlikes you some."

"How can you know such a ing strength So Henry decided to go. At the

thing?""I just do. I just feel it here,"of gentleness that quenches rage, picnicgave thetableblessing,ReverendthankingMatthewsthe

said Henry, tapping his heart. you live Lord for his word and their chance

"You'd better come to church in glens of water lilies. Yet the to hear it. He asked him to be

Sunday, Henry. Your soul is in with any sinner present who didn't

mortal danger. Goodday, Mrs. length have Christ in his heart. Henry

Wade. I'll pray for your nephew."of space is measured by the peace didn't need to open his eyes to

Reverend Matthews rode off, mutyou give. know that a good many eyes and

tering something about Mormons minds were on him.

under his breath. And mine the restless nature, storm After the prayer Henry found

"Henry, you aren't serious, are at sea, himself in the lunch line behind you?"Rebecca Johnston. "Hello,"he said

"Yes, Aunt Leora. I know this finds home and hearth in your shyly. She always made him feel

book is true, and I am going to serenity. tonguetied.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Good afternoon, Henry,"she She looked at Luke. "And I will pears we're going to have some

replied. "You look well."keep right on talking to him. In salesmen visiting us,"and she

"Never felt better,"he said in fact I might become a Mormon too, nodded at the road. "Grandpa John

his normal voice, his confidence if the notion strikes me."With a is with them. He always did take

restored by her natural manner. toss of her head, she got her dish to strangers."

"Let me help you."He held their from the table and started home. As they strode up to the house

plates while she filled them. They She just might do it, too. Since Grandpa John said, "Henry, these

found a shady spot apart from the her father held with no religion, fellows are the elders from the crowd. she had her own say about her church."

"I suppose you've heard what religion, as long as she didn't try Happiness flowed through Henthey've been saying about you."to convert him. ry's whole soul. They had finally

"They've been telling a lot of People began to leave the picnic. arrived! "Thank God,"he exwild tales about me, just like they When Aunt Leora arrived home, claimed reverently. "I had about

do about the Mormons. Grandpa she found Henry sitting on the given up hope that you would

John says Mormons are fine, lawporch, petting Rusty and thinking. come. It's been so long."

abiding folks who are deeply re- "Henry, I'm so sorry about what Grandpa John introduced the ligious. I believe him; I know their happened. I shouldn't have made elders, Elder Black from Idaho and

book is true."you go with me. I never thought Elder Jensen from a small'Utah

"But how can we have another people would dislike you so betown.

Bible?"cause you see religion differently.""We came as soon as we could

"It's not another Bible, but it is "It's all right, Aunt Leora. Only after we got the letter,"Elder

like the Bible because it also has I get mighty discouraged because Jensen explained.

God's gospel in it. The Book of I haven't heard from the elders. "You mean you boys go to all

Mormon tells about people who It's been months!"this trouble to tell folks about a

lived in America when the prophets Aunt Leora turned away. Her religion most of them don't care a

wrote the Bible in the Holy Land."conscience pained her sharply. Bebit about hearing?"asked Aunt

"Henry, I know you would never fore she knew it, she was telling Leora.

tell a lie,"Rebecca said earnestly. Henry about the letter. "Henry, I "Yes, ma'am,"replied Elder

"I want to read your book and find have something I must confess to Black. "W7e seek out the righout for myself."you."She sat on the porch chair teous and warn the wicked."

"I'll bring..."Henry started to and told him why she had de- "How much do you get paid?

reply as he was rudely pulled to stroyed his letter. Where do you stay? What do you

his feet, spun around, and knocked Henry understood why she had eat?"

to the ground. done it. "But what about my "We don't get paid; we do just

"Sinner Mormon,"Luke Passey other letters? I've written several like Paul and the apostles in the

yelled as he hit him again. "Stay more. What about them?"Bible. We depend on the hospiaway from my girl.""I don't know, Henry, I just tality of the people we meet."

This wasn't the only time that don't know. Lots of people fear Aunt Leora was amazed at the

Luke had proved he wasn't too rewhat you want, and they won't sincerity of the two young men.

ligious; in fact, Luke looked for an stop at anything to prevent you In a moment she had made up her

excuse for a good fight, and now from getting it. Most of the peomind. "You stay here the night.

he had one. They were well ple approved of what Luke did. I I'm not much interested in your

matched, but Luke, with his greater could see it in their eyes. Nearly religion, but Henry will listen to

experience, was bound to win. everyone would like to see somewhat you have to say."

"Get up and fight like a man,"thing happen to you.""Thank you. We'll be glad to

he snarled. After that Henry kept himself accept your invitation,"replied

Henry got up, deliberately busy in the fields. He managed to Elder Jensen.

turned his back on Luke, and see Rebecca in the evenings. In a Henry talked with the elders

walked away. few weeks she had read the Book until late in the night. The more

"What do you think of that. of Mormon and was convinced of he heard about the gospel, the

Preacher,"Luke said to Reverend its truthfulness. She too wanted stronger his testimony became.

Matthews, who had watched the to know more about the Mormons. Finally Grandpa John started

scene quietly. Rebecca and Henry felt a bond home, and Henry showed the

"I think Henry turned the other draw them closer together, and elders where they could sleep.

cheek, as any good Christian Henry learned there was something Just as Henry climbed into bed, should."special about Rebecca, something he heard the pounding of horses

"You're not on the side of that that made her different from other on the road. By the time the

Mormonlover, are you, Preacher?"girls. By summer they realized horses stopped, Henry was dressed

one of the men in the crowd they were in love. again. Aunt Leora relit the lamp

demanded. "So you and Rebecca want to and went to the door. Henry could

"I'm on the side of Christianity, get married,"remarked Aunt Leora make out six dim figures mounted however it is manifest. I can one evening as she and Henry sat on lathered horses, their faces

hardly call Luke's action Christian."on the porch. covered with cloth.

Rebecca spoke up, "Luke was "Well, I haven't asked her yet, The ringleader, his breath heavy just jealous because I was just but I'm going to."with whiskey, leaned over. "You

talking to Henry instead of him."Aunt Leora interrupted. "It apjust hand those Mormons over and

JULY 1966 657 you won't get hurt."spoke softly and kindly: "You see, After they had changed to dry

"No!"replied Henry, his voice Henry, when you turned your back clothes, Elder Rlack said, "We've

taut with fear. on Luke and refused to fight, got to be moving on. We have

"Just hand them oyer,"spoke up I realized that you were truly a done all we can in this place now.

another voice from the crowd. The Christian, although you don't beWe'll be around again in a few

voice was familiar. Just as Henry lieve the way the rest of us folks months, though perhaps just to

started to answer, the sound of ando. So I mailed a letter to Salt stay the night."

other horse echoed up the road. Lake City. I'd heard that your Seeing Henry's look of disapIn a moment, Reverend Matthews'letters weren't getting through pointment, Aunt Leora said as

horse came to a quick stop, and the because of people's fear. They've cheerfully as she could, "If all

preacher dismounted and leaped never had any Mormons living Mormons are like you boys, you onto the porch. around here to show them that may have another baptism when

"I heard you were planning this. Mormons aren't like they've heard."you return."

Xow you just clear out!"After a brief introduction to the "That would be wonderful,"

"Aw, Preacher, we're doing you elders, Reverend Matthews left, replied Elder Jensen. Then the

a favor,"cried a drunken voice. and the group on the porch broke group knelt in prayer before the

"Why, it's our Christian duty to up". Henry went back to bed, but elders left.

run these people off before they he could hardly sleep. He thought "Come on, Rebecca, let's walk

lead your people astray,"the ringabout the preacher's words. Finally part way with the elders,"Henry

leader complained thickly. he made up his mind as to what he said. Hand in hand, the young

"All of you are drunk. It appears would do. couple walked down the road with

to me that you need to learn a little Although the elders stayed sevthe missionaries. A mile and a

more about Christianity. I don't eral days, Rebecca's family was half down at the main crossroad,

know much about Mormons, but the only other family who would they said goodbye and watched dustythe elders continue not the down were elders listen. Christian The a more of seems Henry'to somegospel give the off to least. road, The news of in the molested heard he before thannow

them."of Reverend Matthew's stand had one else.

"Out of our way, Preacher,"gotten around. "Henry, are you going to leave

came the voice from the rear. Henry, Rebecca, and some of her for Salt Lake City soon?"

"We're going to give them guys a family prepared for baptism. With moistened eyes Henry

lesson they'll never forget."Grandpa John found a good deep turned and faced her. "Rebecca, I

"You come up here, Luke Pashole in the creek, perfect for want you with me always. Will

sey,"ordered the Reverend. "I'm baptizing. you marry me?"Henry asked, surliable to lose some of my Christian Early in the morning, Henry and prised at the courage he had finally

training and show you how I made the others were led down into the found. He was a little shocked at

in right out here his bapdaring—and baptism and were of waters living before I got to be amy road. Nashville on middle of the the Then Jensen. Elder tized by preacher!"

The horses began milling around. the stream bank they were conIt was hardly the way he'd planned

propose. of to of The Church firmed members uncomfortably. fidgeted The men

Saints course I will, Henry. But I Latterday "Of of Jesus Christ promised some fun had been They

with the strangers. Drunk as they and given the gift of the Holy do hate leaving home and moving

were, they didn't want to get Ghost. It was the most beautiwest."

Reverend Matthews involved in the ful day.that Henry had ever "But we aren't moving west. It's

trouble. Finally the leader sigremembered. like Reverend Matthews said.

nalled to the others, and the group As they walked back to the house, These people did what they did out galloped off into the night. Later Aunt Leora said, "Now I know of fear, because they don't know

they boasted of what they would that the Mormons aren't like I've any Mormons. If all the Mormons

have done if "that fool preacher"heard; but I still hate to see you moved west, who would be around

hadn't been there. leave and go way out west."to show folks that we're people

Henry looked at Reverend Mat- "We'll talk about it later, Aunt too? No, we are needed here, so

thews in amazement. The reverend Leora,"Henry replied. here is where we'll stay!"

Spiritual Background of this obligation, for he has declared: is choice above all other lands;

Americanism "And now, we can behold the dewherefore, he that doth possess it (Continued from page 635) crees of God concerning this land, shall serve God or shall be swept than that yet borne by any other that it is a land of promise; and off; for it is the everlasting decree

people. Theirs the duty, the obligawhatsoever nation shall possess it of God. And it is not until the

tion to preserve not only the Conshall serve God, or they shall be fulness of iniquity among the chilstitution of the land but the swept off when the fulness of his dren of the land, that they are

Christian principles from which wrath shall come upon them. And swept off.

sprang that immortal document."the fulness of his wrath cometh "Behold, this is a choice land,

(Conference Reports, Oct. 1942, upon them when they are ripened and whatsoever nation shall possess,

p. 70.) in iniquity. it shall be free from bondage, and

The Lord has also spoken about "For behold, this is a land which from captivity, and from all other

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

nations under heaven, if they will but serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ, who hath been School Teachers..

nation's "The knowledge industry is growing twice things as fast whichmanifested by the we as the economy."* Keep pace and broaden your background written."(Eth. 10, 12. 2:9,have with a Study BYU Home Course. than More 270 courses

As a Church we have circulated available. Here's just a sample:

to the world our belief in proper and necessary actions in sustaining TheENGLISHModern American336x Novelgood government:

BOTANY 460x believe that governments "We of Natural Resources instituted for the Conservationwere of God benefit of man; and that he holds TheHISTORYAmerican360xFrontier

for theirmen accountable acts in Olay Buckout advertising and marketing executive for Time,—seniorInc.relation both in making to them,

laws and administering them, for the good and safety of society."E-7-66

(D&C 134:1.)

Yet there are many in the land who do not appreciate the Founding Fathers'sensitivity to religious principles. There are even those in

high offices in the United States government who have not appreciated the Godgiven Constitution of the United States of America.

One President of recent years was so unaware of the greatness of the

United States Constitution that he Tour the Holy Land This Fall to itreferred as a "horse and buggy senator saysdocument."that Via Pan American Jet One

isthe Constitution noth- "American ing of the TOUR LEAVES OCTOBER 11th a product more than eighteenth century agrarian soMurdock Travel's annual Fall tour of the ever inspiring Holy Land prociety."It is now obsolete, he vides you with 21 days of high quality, worryfree travel. You are

claims. Another senator believes assured of luxury travel on Pan American jet clippers

that the separation of powers with and superb accommodations in the finest hotels...

its checks and balances must be all at unusually low cost! The tour includes all of

curtailed because they keep the the Holy Land as well as places such as Istanbul,

President from making quick and Cairo, Athens, and Rome.

decisive decisions. Mr. Skousen is a W.foremostCleon L.D.S.Skousen,authorityTour Directoron the

Recently there appeared in U. S. Holy Land and the author of several successful books.

Neivs and World Report (March Among these are: So You Want to Raise a Boy?

21, 1966, p. 119) an editorial by The First Two Thousand Years, and The Third Thousand Years.

the respected commentator David

Lawrence in which he asked the MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC.

question, "Is our written Constitu14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101, Phone 3283161 tion being abolished?"He conPLEASE SEND ME FULL PARTICULARS ON THE FALL TOUR OF

cluded by saying: THE HOLY LAND.

"The present trend in the United

States is apparently in the direction of an arbitrary use of power by the executive, legislative and judicial branches of the Federal GovernState..Zip.

ment in disregard of the provisions m-r-ee of the Constitution which have for 179 years been the law of the land."

Americans today should be con- <cerned about their great republic USE YOUR its Godgivenand Constitution possible through the actions CORRECTmade of wise men whom God raised up. ZIPCODE

The French historian Francois "WE BELIEVE"

Guizot once asked James Russell BRACELET

Lowell, "How long will the AmeriThe 13 Articles of Faith indelibly stamped on attractive goldplated local LDS scrolls.bookAnstore.ideal giftcan republic endure?"to assure speedy theavailable at your Cost $1.50—or order direct from Lowell replied, "As long as the delivery of your

SERVICE GREETING CARD COMPANY 4937 South Durfee Avenue Pico Rivera, California 90661

JULY 1966 6S9 Your kitchen stays cleaner when you ideas of the men who founded it in trouble than ever before.

continue dominant."(Marsh, op. "Study the statistics on illegiticit., p. 44.) mate births... on broken marOne of the greatest questions of riages... on juvenile crimes... on

our time is: Are those ideas and school dropouts... on sex deviaprinciples still continuing to be tion... on dope addiction... on

dominant? To partially answer the high school marriages... on crimes

question, let me turn to another of passion. ELECTRIC avenue of thought. In recent years "The figures are higher than

there has been a definite weakenever. And going higher.

Nothing is cleaner ing of the moral strength and "Parents, police authorities, eduspiritual citizens in thoughtful and Recators of America. power than a kilowatt—no

of disall walks cently, there life are deeply appeared in the San products of combusFrancisco Examiner a summary turbed.

statement of what has happened in "They should be. For they are

this country among our people: responsible. We of the older gen-

"What has happened to our eration are responsible.

national morals? "Our youngsters are no better

An educator speaks out in favor and no worse than we were at the of free love. same age. Generally, they are

A man of God condones sexual wiser. But—they have more tempexcursions by unmarried adults. tations than we had. They have

Movies sell sex as a commercial more cars. They have more money.

commodity. They have more opportunities for

See the smart new peddleBook pornography.stores and cigar stands getting"We openedinto trouble.doors for them that

electric range models A high court labels yesterday's were denied to us. We encouraged

at your dealer's now. smut as today's literature. permissiveness. We indulged them. Record shops feature albums disWe granted maximum freedoms.

If it's electric, it's better! playing nudes and near nudes. And we asked for a minimum in

Night clubs stage shows that respect... and in responsibility.

UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANY would have shocked a smoker audi- "Rules and regulations that preence a generation ago. vailed for generations as sane and

HOW TO EARN pourTV outshowsa floodand TVof sick,commercialssadistic sensibleduct wereguidesreducedfororpersonalremoved. conOr

$50 and A suggestivecampaign issexlaunchedsituations.to bring ignored."Prayer was banned from the

$250 acceptance Radio broadcaststo homosexuality.present discusschoolschool roombooks andthat thetaughttraditionalmoral

sions precepts as against as well promiscuity. for and reading were $50( Magazines with the and newspapers inane banalities pubreplaced or more

lish pictures and articles that of 'Dick and Jane.'

Sell BOWERS Fashioned flagrantly violate the bounds of "Basically, there are just two Old

PEANUT CRUNCH good taste. main streams of religious thought

MINTS in these States. United Fourletter words heard once Those who CASHEW in CANDIES only brawls Being. in barroom a Supreme apbelieve now And MIXED NUTS

CHOCOLATE BARS pear in publications of general those who do not.

Imported distribution. "The first group far outnumbers

TOFFEES Birthcontrol counsel is urged the second. Butthis nation that

Earn up to $5.10 for high school girls. was founded on the democratic

Profit per doz. "Look around you. These things concept of 'majority rule'now deare happening in your America. In nies the positive rights of many to

II "No longer are World have seen our War our children we enPLANBrochure. Details, Color for Full NationallyBOWERSWrite Famous the two decades since the end of protect the negative rights of a few. national to couraged standards of take morality in pride our

call will... no salesman No obligation nation's great again lowered again. and glorious and past. Dept. S-S CANDIES, BOWERS

Moorestown, New Jersey 08057 "We have seen a steady erosion "Heroes are downgraded. The

of past principles of decency and role played by the United States in good taste. raising the hearts and hopes of all

"And—we have harvested a enslaved peoples for a century and

whirlwind. As our standards have a half is minimized.

lowered, our crime levels and social "We believe this is wrong. We

problems have increased. are convinced that a majority of

JEWELRY CO. "Today, we have a higher perour citizens would welcome an in42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 centage of our youth in jail... in crease in patriotism and prayer

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH reformatories... on probation and and a decrease in the peddling of

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA issex, sordid sensationalism, materialism news. which That and TO YOUR HEALTH, in treat tawdryand sordidness. a manner we will

"In the months ahead we will suitable for a family publication.

intensify our efforts to fight back "Over the years we have refused against the appalling vulgarization to accept advertising which we feltof sex. exceeded the bounds of good taste. NATURALLY/

"We do not propose prudery. We will pursue this course with

Neither do we propose wildeyed, greater dedication in the future.

fanatical patriotism. "Our test will be our own stan-

"In both areas, we propose to dards of good taste. We do not

address ourselves to the problems claim infallibility. Readers have

as we see them with calm reason felt we erred in the past. Others

and respect for the rights of those will undoubtedly feel we do so in with views contraiy to ours. the future. Such errors of excess—

"As a newspaper we have an if they occur—will be in spite of our

obligation to reflect life as it is, efforts. Not because of them.

not as it ideally might be. We will, "If the general public is as deeply

therefore, continue to print all the disturbed as we are by the decline

can family your and you I THE Now IMPATIENCE—AS A MARK

this benefits of modthe enjoy WORD the IMMATURITY of electric SPOKEN'OF refinement ern old fashioned twostone flour nature's preserves mill thatRICHARD L. EVANS

flavor nutrition and marvelous with exceptional economy.

A thoughtful physician recently remarked: "I used to think of impatience The AllGrain Flour Mill reas simply a natural part of some people's personality, but over the years tains the valuable nutrients of

I is that to conclude of habitual impatience have come a mark immaoften lost through grain whole itturity."are of life often us at times, of The pressures and on all of action would damaging heat and

seem that these pressures are the cause of impatience. But there is also other milling methods. Why

something of a cycle—for as the pressures increase impatience, impatience pay the high cost of commercial

increases the pressures—and impatience on the part of one person causes flour with its bleaches, preservaimpatience on the part of other people. Tense nerves, caustic comments, tives and additives?

blaring horns, and black looks, and sometimes bad language, are all symptoms and results of pressure and impatience, as we say things we Available in two sizes.

shouldn't say and do things for which we are soon sorry. Robert Guaranteed.

Browning wrote: "The thing I must pity in men is—action prompted by Easy terms available.

surprise of anger."- And Aristotle offered this observation: "Anybody For full information, write:

can become angry—that is easy; but to be angry with the right person,

and to the right degree, and at the right time, and for the right purpose, ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL and in the right way—that is ndt within everybody's power and is not Dept. E, P. 0. Box 168,

easy."3 Too many of us too often are too touchy, too quick to retaliate, Brigham City, Utah

too quick to shoot back sharp replies. True, there is pressure; there is Dealers/iipx arailabte.

competition; and often there are seriously pressing problems. But impatience is seldom the answer—for the person who lives impatiently is

himself increasingly uncomfortable and adds to the tension and tempers of everyone around him and often creates serious hazards for himself and others also. The whole temper of the times suggests that we relax

a little and give ourselves time to think fairly and judiciously before IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS we jump to quick conclusions and lose our tempers and show our Aids in treatment of simple sore action. or illconsidered utterance theimmaturity rude In with words throat and other minor mouth and

to learn faith of patience: ". to the lesson your.. add hadof Peter, who

virtue; and to virtue knowledge; And to knowledge temperance; and to throat irritations.

temperance patience; and to patience godliness; And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity."1 And finally, remember HALLS REMEDYthat petty and impetuous impatience is a mark of immaturity. Salt Lake City, Utah

*":- 'o-tmii--n- <i+m+<->-()--{ >4i[ >-o mt-o-( >-k i>

'Dr. Harold Lee Snow. COTTAGE WOODSIDERobert Browning, A Forgiveness. 1440 Woodside Avenue'Aristotle, Ethics, Bk. ii, ch. 9. Nicomachean

City, Park Utah 1:5-7. '2 Pet.

for families chaperoned and Now rentingHistoric "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia youthall moderngroups.conveniences—accommodatesFive bedrooms, three baths,2 to

Broadcasting System April 24, 1966. Copyright 1966. 20. One block from Treasure Mountain in

recreation area. Thirty minutes from Salt

Lake City.

Write Mrs. W. E. Hess

533 11th Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah 84103

Telephone 3635198 or 6499653 JULY 1966 661 in national morals and in national for law and order in a country, but "I pledge allegiance to the flag pride, let it speak out. the many attempts on the part of of the United States of America

"Together we can put down the certain people of the United States and to the Republic for which it sex peddlers without lifting the to disregard the basic laws of God stands, one Nation under God, bluenoses. And, with God's help, as found in the Ten Commandindivisible, with liberty and justice

we can put prayer and patriotism ments, the Sermon on the Mount, for all."

back in our classrooms. And in and in modern revelation should On all of the coins used for

our hearts and homes, as well."give concern to all Americans who money in the United States, the

(Quoted in Deseret News, Feb. 26, realize and appreciate the need to words "In God We Trust"are in1966, p. 10-A.) sustain a high spiritual and moral scribed. This should also indicate

According to the above report, tone in order to enable their counto all thinking individuals that the many citizens of the United States try and its people to fulfill its great American foundation is one based have not appreciated the spiritual destiny. on love and honor for God.

background of America and have In the past, Americans have been The fact that Americans have deliberately attempted to weaken a Godfearing people. Even as late prayers in their national congress,

the moral and spiritual fiber of the as 1954 Congress saw fit to enclose in their state legislative bodies, nation. It is to be expected that the phrase "under God"in the county assemblies, and other asthere will be a certain disregard Pledge of Allegiance: semblies is indicative of their

respect for God. The swearingin

of the President of the United

States as well as the swearingin of other offioers in political government throughout the country by the tt of use the Bible indicates a high FAILURE IN THE HOME"for scriptures. regard the

All of these things argue strongly

RICHARD I. EVANS for the point that many Americans

have continued their belief and conviction of the early Founding

At this time we turn to a simple basic subject, "love at home,"which Fathers, that they trust God includes both sentiment and service and something else besides—the love and honor and sustain him as

of mothers, parents, children in this most close and precious relationship omniscient.

life. this again:of other quoting begin compensuccess can "No by We of people A growing number

failure for for insate are searching the while home."1 And we answers constantly persist in trying to

and worrying about* dropouts and moral breakdown and disrespect for God out of government. But,takeas

institutions consciencost that creating at great agencieslaw and and has noted, been deference to God tiously are trying to correct these well ills and evils, make up we may has always been a part of the our minds to go back to the beginning, to the institution God gave us—American way of life and its

the family, the home, which is basic to all that matters most in time leaders.

and in eternity. At home attitudes are first formed; at home example What, then, are the enemies of

is most intimately in evidence. And as parents we had better be what America trying to do?

we would wish our children to become, and as children we had better The answer is, to take God out give respect to those whom God has given first responsibility for our of everything.

guidance. And memories of home, wherever we are, should make us Americans should defend the

strong against temptation. "The greatest use of a life,"said William Godgiven constitution of their

James, "is to spend it on something that outlasts it."Surely we can use land and the high moral and

our lives no better than to love and teach and cherish our children and spiritual tone of their nation. They

to know what others teach them—a responsibility from which we cannot should not permit the promotion

lightly separate ourselves. Youth want guidance, and parents must not of false ideas and evil motives

reap. of the world,abdicate, future indeed The for as we sow, we and without raising their voices and

lives, basically inof their everlasting them what up is bound we give exerting efforts in defense of from the first. We cannot in good conscience leave the teaching of traditional American democraticthe

children to chance. We must teach them causes and consequences, the way of life.

commandments, the moral law, the purpose of life, and that preparation Americans should not stand idly is important. And while remembering mothers who have performed by when they see corruption in

service, in to take years mothers with pleadsuch yet young would we government and corruption by govclose, to to to care, to counsel, to love, turn to teach,the time keep officials ernment protected and fathers, their children, of hearts the to mothers, hearts to turntheir over. glossed

isn't there Basically in other at happiness lovefamilies home. any and should not stand idly Americans

for of character country strength the and survival and andanswer see Constitution the they the by when life. is there's love of all around, values "There beautytimeless When of States the attacked United by."-'

..at home.

its those appreciate not do who 'President David. O. McKay, April 4, 1964. great mission to preserve freedom.

-Author unknown. Americans should not stand idly

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia by when they see and hear people

Broadcasting System May 8, 1966. Copyright 1966. violate the laws of their land and

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Turk Evans

foot.seek to trample under them idly Discovers the stand should not Americans

by when they see demonstrations that have disregard for their wayof life. Singing

Americans should not stand idly by when they see their constitutedrepresentatives in congress vote for World laws that take away timehonored liberties.

What should Americans do? of the

Americans should do all they can to help others to appreciate the great messages of the Mayflower Yamaha

Compact and the Declaration of

Independence.

Americans should respect theConstitution of their land and read Twin Jet 100 and understand it.

Americans should take new pride in Washington, Jefferson, Adams,

Henry, Monroe, Lincoln, and other Turk Evans, a longtime Yamaha fan tells of his impression of the allnew Yamaha Twin great statesmen of the past and Jet 100. "It's Yamaha all the way, with safety awardwinning brakes and oil injection

present. to eliminate premixing. Its prize winning design plus simAmericans should sing with plicity of operation put it in a class by itself- 1 have riddenmeaning such patriotic songs as them all! And for troublefree safe riding, I'll take Yamaha."YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

"America"and "The StarSpangled SINCE 1887

Banner."Take a tip from Turk Evans and buy the Twin Jet 100. It's

Americans should use patriotic the first twincylinder sportcycle of its size ever to hit the terms with proper meaning and road. If you can ride a bicycle, you can ride a Yamaha. The

connotation. low price of only $409* makes it easy to own. A dozen great P.O. Box 54540

Angeles, California 90054 Americans should have respect *P.O.E.modelsLOS ANGELES,makePLUSYamahaMODEST SETUPtheAND DESTINATIONtopsellingCHARGE2-stroke1! in the U.S. Losfor the flag of their great country.

Americans should have respect for police, who seek to maintain order.

Americans should question the debunkers who speak disparagingly of America's past.

Americans should be wary of teachers and professors who belittle their great heritage and way of life.

Americans should exercise their right to have prayer in public gatherings, schoolrooms, and other places where they assemble for good purposes.

Americans should participate in political conventions and in political party meetings.

Americans should sustain the rightful authorities while they are in office and vote against them when they cease to support the traditional principles of America.

Americans should make their voices heard for the traditional principles of the American way of life.

Americans should appreciate the freedoms they enjoy, both by birth and through the blood, sweat, and tears of those who have preserved their liberties.

Americans should acknowledge THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE

JULY 1966 663 God in all things. After all, he is pendence, so to the support of the in primers, spelling books and

their Father, their God, and the Constitution and laws let every almanacs; let it be preached from

God of their land. American pledge his life, his pulpit, proclaimed in the legislaAbraham Lincoln spoke for all property, and his sacred honor. Let tive halls, and enforced in courts

true Americans when he said: every man remember that to vioof justice. In short, let it become

"Let every American, every lover late the law is to trample on the the political religion of the nation."

of liberty, every wellwisher of his blood of his fathers and to tear ( Marsh, op. cit., p. 78.

posterity, swear by the blood of the charter of his own and his The greatness of America, said the Revolution never to violate children's liberty. Let reverence Alexis de Tocqueville, a French

in the least particular the laws of for the laws be breathed by every political philosopher, lies in her the country, and never to tolerate American mother to the lisping goodness:

their violation by others. As the babe that prattles on her lap; let it "I sought for the greatness and

patriots of Seventysix did to the be taught in schools, in seminaries, genius of America in her comsupport of the Declaration of Indeand in colleges; let it be written modious harbors and her ample

rivers, and it was not there; in her

fertile fields and boundless prairies and it was not there; in her rich

mines and her vast world comAS PARENTS AND CHILDREN untilmerce,I andwentit wasto thenot churchesthere. Notof

heard her pulpits America and COME TO COMMON GROUND righteousness aflame with did I understand the secret of her genius and her power. America is great

RICHARD L. EVANS because she is good, and if America

ever ceases to be good, America

It is an odd thing, in a way, how each generation seems to feel that each will cease to be great."

preceding generation is somewhat oldfashioned—how each generation President Woodrow Wilson's last

listens impatiently to the lessons of the last. Youth is so sure the rules written statement carried a warnhave changed. Age is sure they haven't. Youth feels it knows how far ing to America and her people:

it can go. Age is deeply aware of the danger. Youth feels it can always "The sum of the whole matter

apply the brakes in time to save itself. Age knows it isn't always so. is this, that our civilization cannot

And so parents frequently find themselves groping, reaching, pleading, survive materially unless it be retrying to say what should be said in a way that will not be misunderdeemed spiritually. It can be

stood, in a way that will not seem meddlesome. And always there is saved only by becoming permeated

great need for parents and children to come to common ground and with the spirit of Christ and being to say to one another what should so much be said. And so we would made free and happy by the pracplead this day with parents and with children to be more understanding tices which spring out of that

with one another: To you as parents, to remember when you were young; spirit."( Marsh, op. cit., pp. 7374.

to remember why you wanted to do some things you wanted to do; It is important to be willing to

to remember how eager you were for social acceptance, how sensitive die for one's country in order to you were to illtimed criticism, how easily your hearts could be hurt, perpetuate the freedoms one enand how some things, which now seem less important, once mattered joys, but today—more than ever

very much. All this as parents we ask you to remember. And now to you, before—the traditional principles of

our children, to you in your youth: Why should you suppose that the America are threatened from withbasic rules have really changed in the few short years since your parents in. Therefore it is equally as imwere as young as you? The road seems new to you. It isn't new to them. portant that Americans should be

They've been over it. They are still traveling it, and it is still essentially willing to live for their country—

the same. We have more; we move faster; we have acquired some things to oppose and stand firm against

and lost others—but it is still true that causes are always followed by any threat to take away their Godconsequences. And as you ask your parents to remember this of you, given freedoms.

will you also remember this of them: tjbat they were young, not very In the past the majority of the

long ago, as you are young today—that they once thought your thoughts; American people have always been

that they once felt they too had found new ways and felt your longings lawabiding citizens and desirous for flight and freedom—and since have learned the wisdom of restraint. of continuing their way of life.

Remember, too, that parents have hearts that can be hurt; that they, But in the future Americans will

like you, are sensitive to illtimed criticism and to misunderstanding of have to exert themselves constantly their motives. Remember that there is nothing in righteousness they if they would maintain their freewould not do for you. They are yours and you are theirs, and you doms and their Christian brothershare your thoughts and consider your decisions with one another, hood in their country.

and they together have the privilege, the right, the duty, to sit down and May God help Americans to see that both of you together may be listened to and respected—and work, the need for the spirit of Christ

and pray and plan together for the wholeness of your happiness—always to permeate their society and to

and forever. realize the importance of their

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Godinspired constitutional form of

Broadcasting System April 17, 1966. Copyright 1966. government.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f * jH

Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor July l 1 Hi

ijilPr

j

lease hath all*.4

n

A\ A sill '-'

I?f (Hikfeis

Lo**Colllin Green, Susan Green make, ife woXfroftfi

iliflfffitfH in The word of God is for you. It's the best advice anywhere for

helping you to be happy, appealing, worthwhile, successful, spiritual (and everyone wants that!). The word of God is found

in the scriptures. Learn them, read them, pray for understanding of them. (See page 668.)

Since you are only young once, what are you going to do about it? Don't let the spring of your life pass into summer without

DOING something about the things you can DO something about.

Come alive! Get in the swim of life. (See page 670.)

Jet off on an "I-canbe-better"campaign. Begin by looking at

others as others see them. Continue by looking at yourself as

if you were looking at another... which means being objective

(and that means seeing yourself as others see you). Actually,

anybody can be an ideal girl or an ideal boy simply by being an ideal. But it isn't dreaming: it's doing. (See page 672.)

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ft wm\r mmm\r

Decisions! Decisions! Decisions! Consider the lot of them, but

pay special attention to social decisions—what to do when, how

to resist temptations, coping with problem people, maintaining

standards, living in the world but not being of the world, being what you want to be. Remember, too, that little things lead to

bigger things. (See page 674.)

Relax! Take it easy! Slow down! Be patient! It's summer, so

glide along in your own magic channel. Don't rush life. Refuse

to be pushed into the next stage, the more mature phase of the

TOTAL experience. It takes time to grow up, and it's happy living

all along the way. Remember the scripture "To every thing there

is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven...."

(Eccles. 3:1.) The time to be young is now, this summer. (See

page 676.)

Have a wonderful time. Have a wonderful time. Have a wonderful time. Have a wonderful time. Have a wonderful time. Have

a wonderful time. Whoever you are, wherever you are, doing

whatever you are... have a wonderful, wholesome, exhilarating Ea>

i- time of it while yet you may. (See page 677.) a>

k.3W

<u

JULY 1966 66 7 by Marion D. Hanks

"To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven."

(Eccles. 8:1)

THE SEASON IS SUMMER—usueration. What is he asking us to

ally a quieter and probably less do? What does he say the results

pressured time, and a good time to will be? Think about it and talk

work and rest and play and to get it over and mark it in your Bible.

better acquainted with the family. Then "LET IT WORK IN YOU!"

How would you like this to be... the Loose bands of wickedness the very best summer ever?

. *"'.. the burdens heavy Undo

Could this be the season when Let the oppressed go free...

you take that exciting giant step Break every yoke...

toward a knowledge for yourself—of scripture, the word of the BringDeal thyintobreadthy houseto thethehungrypoor that...

Lord? are cast out.

It will take some reading and Cover the naked thinking and some discussion with Hide not thyself from thine own one or more special people who like flesh..

to stretch a bit and who care about Take away from the midst of thee learning worthwhile things. But the yoke,

you'll love it, if you're ready. the putting forth of the finger,

and speaking vanity A Place to Start Draw out thy soul to the hungry..

Satisfy the afflicted soul..

About 2,700 years ago a group Honor the Lord in the way you of people who seemed sincere were keep the Sabbath.

fasting and praying and "afflict- (Isa. 58:6-10, 13.)

ing"themselves with sackcloth and ashes, believing they were You can build a summer's fun pleasing the Lord. He told them (AND A WORTHWHILE LIFE)

he didn't like what they were doon learning to understand and ing and gave them some directions carry out these directions from about what they should do to be God. Some are easy to understand.

happy and to live constructively Some require real thought. The

and thus to please him. Era of Youth would like to know

what they mean to you and how For Us, Too you feel they apply to your life and circumstances. Write a note and

In these instructions the Lord tell us; we'll publish the best

asks something of us and our genanswers.

COoe +co V)

<B JO Wherefore have we fasted, say they, and thou seest not? wherefore have we afflicted our soul, and thou takest no knowledge? Behold, in the day of your fast ye find

pleasure, and exact all your labours.

4 Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of wickedness: ye shall

not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high.

5 Is it such a fast that I have chosen? a day

for a man to afflict his soul? is it to bow down

his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou call this3SCUVik a fast, and an acceptable day to the Lord?

6 Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to

loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?

7 Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the naked,

that thou cover him; and that thou hide not

thyself from thine own flesh?

8 SP Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily: and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of the Lord shall be thy

rereward. 9 Then shalt thou call, and the Lord shall answer; thou shalt cry, and he shall say,

Here I am. If thou take away from the midst

of thee the yoke, the putting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;

10 And // thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then

shall thy light rise in obscurity, and thy darkness be as the noon day:

11 And the Lord shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a

watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.

12 And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise up the

foundations of many generations; and thou

shalt be called. The repairer of the breach,

The restorer of paths to dwell in.

13 SP If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy

of the Lord, honourable; and shalt honour

him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words 14 Then shalt thou delight thyself in the

Lord; and I will cause thee to ride upon the

high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Ja'-cob thy father: for the

mouth of the Lord hath spoken 'it.

Swim for life your by Beverly Evans

Look at them out there!

They're warm now and laughing and having a time of it.

Oh, well, you rationalize, they don't seem to care if you join them or not, so why not just relax in that sunny chair over there. It would be so

much easier.

A short, short story, it is true, and something that will no doubt happen to many of us this summer.

But does it happen to you in different ways all year long?

What's wrong, you ask, with retreating to a cozy, warm corner when things are just too much?

But the living is out there...

>H? - -.v

670 Mary Aase Oh, the unbearable cold of it, you think, as you quickly withdraw your toe from the blue water, knowing how you'll dread the agony of stepping gradually deeper. It is so cold! You know how to

swim, really, and you suspected it might be like this; then why don't you simply take a deep breath

and jump in with the others?

Sample Questions:

Here are a few testquestions to consider:

When there are tryouts at school, even though crowds be there, will you still try?

YES D DUO

Can you walk up to someone you don't know well, smile, and begin to make a new friendsomeone your own age, an adult, a teacher, a parent, a neighbor child? Dare to commit yourself to life!

The dictionary meaning of this in trust."give is "to word HO YES D D to pass the decides person who A

above test and in other When roadshow time draws nigh and you've ivays "get in the swim''''is committing secretly longed to paint scenery or learn himself to living.

lighting or help with makeup, will you mention "Take the plunge"wholeheartedly the fact aloud, where it will do the most good? if you know it will help

YES NO oryouspiritually.physically, mentally,

One of the marvelous things about

When your MIA teacher calls for a volunteer baptism is that we cannot withhold to plan a fireside, are you willing? any fraction of ourselves from

the water or the spirit.

We are totally committed. YES D Duo

We emerge reborn. TO

The Savior said it, too:

"He that loseth his life TO&- TO SCORE: [forgetting himself in good works']

O... shall find it.'5>

ju

lZ Total YES: Total NO (Matt. 10:39.) D

JULY 1956 671 What is the greatest of all God's Creations? Is it the beautiful lakes and streams that caress the earth to form lush green

meadows, or is it the fragrant flowers that decorate the meadows in their colored splendor and subtle tones? Perhaps it is the

deer that step softly on river banks to drink of its cool freshness and lift their heads toward the snowcapped peaks near its shores.

Could it be the mountain itself that stands in majestic splendor?

Perhaps it is the sky that silhouettes the mountain in a crowning glory of light in the setting sun. What a wondrous, magnifiGirl Worth Knowing A

She acts like a lady at all times. friends and does not date just one boy.

She is the one you would never see parking or doing wrong She doesn't gossip but can converse intelligently and in a things just to be popular. friendly way without belittling others.

One time on a bus trip some girls started to sing some She keeps confidences and is one who is willing to take indecent songs. One girl stood up and said, "Those songs the troubles of others on herself and feel as they feel and

aren't any good—let's sing some good songs."After that, sympathize with them.

everyone starting singing everything from "More"to "Climb

Every Mountain."Surprisingly enough, we even had harShe isn't lazy.

mony and sounded pretty good. An ideal girl has high standards, not only for herself but

Complete virtue is necessary for the ideal girl. for the boy that she dates. A girl is judged by the boys she

goes with.

I know some girls who take advantage of every opportunity

I would expect my sister to act on a date. to share the gospel with their friends. This is the kind of She acts like

girl that makes me feel proud, because she realizes the She commands respect from others because of what she is.

importance of the gospel and the happiness and joy it can bring to others. I really respect and admire a girl who respects and admires

her parents and isn't afraid to let others know how she

I think the ideal girl is someone who can stand up to her feels about them.

standards; she finds out what kind of a boy he is before

she dates him. She obeys the Word of Wisdom.

1 can tell an ideal girl by the way she A fellow would be proud to be seen with her.

treats her little brothers and sisters. She enjoys the beautiful things of life.

She may be the best girl in the She has a happy disposition.

school, but she doesn't think so.

She doesn't have curlers or tapeddown hair in public.

She always wears a smile.

compliments others sincerely on their appearance, manners, Well... there you have it, girls. You now know how

achievements. to be "ideal."The material that you have just read all

fellow but students, from been kept they have anonycame

She is fun to be things nearly those I summarize mentioned by mous. May

around. A boy every boy:

would never spirit. 1. and body Cleanliness—in his dishonor

2. dress. and makeup Modesty—in his or priesthood

3. fun. and Personality—sparkling parents when 4. speech, thought, and actions. Purity—in

her. is with he ladylike. 5. and Standards—high She enjoys a 6. Actions—not too loud or domineering. wide circle of 7. Gossip—she doesn't.

Chris Cutler

cently beautiful world God has created! He pronounced it good, by Wayne Lynn, Q.

2 Principal Holbrook good. very

i Seminary, LDS CDa> Arizona Q. But what is the crowning achievement of his creation? It is

a> the creation of man—in the very image of God!

Nothing is more beautiful and purposeful than man, and what part of mankind is more beautiful than its youth? And of

youth, what is the ideal? This question asked of youth itself

brought forth these comments from students.

What A Boy Can Be A young man honoring his priesthood is a splendid thing pleasant smiles always impress me.

to behold. There is an air about him of dignity and pride

in what he believes. He stands up straight and is never He is morally and physically clean.

ashamed of his beliefs. He is the kind of man who wouldn't go along with the

I a of that the kind say a man, boy When I mean neat His and clean. hair is combed, his teeth brushed, crowd. He is

is in in a to thought and action mature be enough man in. shirttail his tucked and

if in spirit not body.

really that is to see impresses boy Something a young me He is completely honest in his dealings with others.

his of This mother. is one in church with around his arm

the qualities I would see in the ideal boy. He doesn't expect a girl to go out and park.

I saw an ideal boy one night when it was snowing and cold. He plays hard and seeks joy in living.

An elderly lady was having trouble changing a flat tire. He

was there beside her in his good clothes. He hadn't been An ideal boy is always a good sport. He is the kind that

asked, but he was changing her tire. will help an injured player or even help a guy up after he

has tackled him. You notice that this guy is considerate

He would be someone I would be proud to be seen with. of others at all times.

He dates the right kind of girls. He is tolerant of others who may have made mistakes.

He should have humility. He's one that has a spirit of The "ideal boy"desires to fill a mission for the Lord.

friendship about him. He is willing to forgive and forget.

Recently an LDS priesthood holder was in a group of rather

This boy always goes out of his way to say hello or give wild boys. Some of the boys had some

a word of encouragement. cigars, and during the course of the

My "ideal boy"is always the first one to say thank you evening they offered this boy one. He

to the host at a party. He will offer to help put chairs away simply told them, no, he wouldn't care

or even do the dishes. for one. One of the boys jeered and

called him a "good Mormon,"and he

This boy might not be as perfect as the Christ, but he knows replied, "You betcha, and I'm proud of what bad things feel like, and he uses this knowledge as it."This might not be too significant to

his shield and weapon against them. some people, but it is the little things that

He likes kids. lead to big things.

honors He his father and mother and appreciates what they

Well... there you are, fellows. From your for him. do

own expressions and those of your friends,

He shows every courtesy to his family. He enjoys his family you now know how to be that "ideal boy."

and wants to take friends to his home. I didn't observe a single comment on

My kind of "ideal boy"is the kind that will dance with his how he had to be "good looking"or have little sister in front of the other kids and be proud of it. a lot of money or be one of the gang.

Judge for yourself. Be honest with

Boys who hold the door open at the seminary and have yourself. Become that "ideal boy."

Claudia Cutler

JULY 1986 HHlli

You are eating out after the show One of your friends is talking critiand service is slow. You were supcally of another one of your friends.

posed to be home 15 minutes ago. You:

You: a. agree with what he says.

a. figure your parents won't care if b. say nothing and try to ignore

you get home late. him.

b. assume they're probably asleep c. tell him you like the other perwn do? anyway. son and mention his good

c. call your parents and tell them points.

(check your choice) the situation.

Your parents aren't home, and you Your parents are not home, and Your parents are at a party and you have no permission to use the car. some friends have asked you to go want to go somewhere. You:

A friend calls and wants you to out with them. You promised to a. go without leaving a message.

come over. You: tend little brother. You: b. leave a note.

a. hesitate for a moment and de a. call a babysitter. c. call them at the party and ask

cide to take the car anyway. b. take little brother with you. permission to go.

b. phone your parents and ask per- c. tell your friends you can't go

mission. and ask them to visit with you

c. explain to the friend that you at your home.

haven't permission and ask if he could pick you up himself.

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The punch is spiked and you know You're alone on a Saturday night. You come to a stop sign; there is

it. You: You: no one around. You:

a. say nothing and drink it any- a. feel sorry for yourself and watch a. go through it.

way. TV. b. slow down a little and go through

b. express disgust and go without. b. do your homework. it.

c. ask for a drink of something c. call another lonely friend. c. stop.

else.

jSujiSmiu 9JB noA ugiJM op op noA;bu,m 'op p|noM noA }eq/A A|snou9S jgpjsuoo pue zmb siu,}

in u|bb suo|;s8nb ei|;;e >po| -sauo iue;jodw! 9joiu

ai|; joj. lueed olj; }9s suoisjoap ibioos 9|mi 9i|i

jem sn ||9} s9jn;duos am

;U9LU0LU 91]} jo suoj;olu9 jo A0|oipAsd

qotu jo su!SB9; dnoj jo sSuixboo pmojd o; SmpjoooE

JOU pUB M9|A UO| 9L); Uj 3J.j| UMO J9L| JO Sjl) JOJ. }S9q SI

jbum o; Smpjooos sgojoip S9buj ol|m U99; dJBqs b s t \\

suojspgp 9i|; 9>ibw noA '9Aj| 0} 3jj.i | jnoA s,;; u91jm

9U0;S9q 9l|l S\ 9DUB}Sin L|0B9 Uj 90(01)0,,0,,

You're at a party, and you're sup9L)i 'zmb Sim uj (1 9iiiB 9U,} ||B jo }S9q bi\\;sb| s t \\

posed to be home at 11:00. Your

parents have gone out for the evening and won't be home for another couple of hours. It's almost

11:00, but you're having a great

time. You: a. stay another hour.

b. stay another half hour. p

c. go home now.

iZ

JULY 1966 675 U"

by Elizabeth Pew

Yesterday I attended the wedding of my daughBarbara had applied this concept in her life.

ter's best friend. It was a beautiful affair. As As she recited her wedding vows, she picked up

the strains of the wedding march mingled with the corner of young girlhood and brought it tothe scent of orange blossoms, I watched Barbara gether with adulthood, putting a definite wrinkle come slowly down the aisle on the arm of her in time.

father. Three weeks ago my daughter, Ann, had But what of the years inbetween—the carefree attended a combination birthday party—bridal years, filled with parties and new dresses; the

shower held in Barbara's honor. Barbara had learning years, filled with knowledge and new

just turned 15. experiences; the growing years, in which young

I found it very difficult to concentrate on the girls turn into young women? Can anyone really

words of the wedding ceremony. Barbara looked grow up overnight?

so strange in her wedding dress. Until six months Just a few short years ago, Barbara and Ann

ago I'd rarely seen her in anything but blue jeans. were "playing house"together. Now Barbara has

Then she met Mike, and overnight she seemed to a real house to take care of. What a difference

grow up. Last week Mike had graduated from there is between the two.

high school, and now they were married. And when a baby comes, does Barbara realize

she can't walk off and leave it as she did her doll?

Later, as we stood on the curb and watched the Has she any concept of the bottles and diapers old blue Ford, dangling tin cans, disappear down and staying up half the night that go with having t the road, Ann turned to me and said, "Barbara a real baby?

I really Statisanyone up overnight? grow DoesOo noddedsure putina wrinkleagreement.in time,Thisdidn'twas she,an expressionMom?"don't. tics indicate surveys have been they Many

TOC we'd used since, at the age of ten, Ann had fallen taken, and all agree that the chances of a teenage d> in love with a fascinating boqk called A Wrinkle marriage succeeding are slim. One survey set the

CO in Time. divorce rate at 90 per cent. And each divorce

The book replaces the old notion that the shortleaves behind it a trail of shattered dreams and 5 est distance between two points is a straight bitter heartache.

Q. line, with the idea that the shortest way to cover Yes, Barbara, experience proves that it takes

place is to the bring where distanceEa> at you which the place wanthand to be—together.you are suchtime atoriskgrowandup.missedBy rushingso much timeof life.you'veA wrinkletaken In the book this proves to be an excellent way of can be ironed out of a dress—but you can never

iZ traveling from one planet to another. iron out a wrinkle in time.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Having a wonderful time the LDS wayis something teens know about all over... Looking at the colthe world. And it includes achieving in ALASKA

lection of prize ribbons, trophies, ivays as varied as the teens themselves and awards that the Harold V.

and the places they call home. Walther children have won is

impressive. Currently, teens Barbara, Dale, and Delores Walther

are glowing over their science awards. Dale was named one of

the top young scientists in the nation in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search for 1966.

Delores and Barbara each won projects—amonghonors for their schoolmany scienceother

things. The older brother, Grant,

is a missionary now in Germany but won his share of science awards during school days.

\tftUKiQj

.**#?,. CALIFORNIA... A

pretty 21 -yearold Anaheim girl is Disneyland's Ambassador to the World for 1966, and she's an active Mormon.

Connie Jean Swanson, a tour guide at Disneyland for the past four years, will travel throughout the United States and many foreign lands during the coming year, carrying in ENGLAND... Frank Hunsher portfolio the friendly

perger of the Liverpool spirit that has made

Branch will always remember Disneyland famous. Daughter of Mrs. Florence

talking to the Duke of Edin- 0. Swanson of Anaheim

burgh at Llandudno, North and the late Rudolph 0.

Wales, during an exhibition Swanson, Connie is a of work connected with the graduate of Anaheim High

Duke of Edinburgh Award School and studied speech scheme. Frank gained his and dramatics at Fullerton

Gold Award and also holds Junior College.

the office of priest in the Aaronic Priesthood and is the activity assistant and Vanguard teacher in the Liverpool Branch MIA.

JULY 1966 677 MESA, ARIZONA... Four among a

group who keep special activities planned for teens in the land where it is summer all year long are leaders Peter J. Perkins,

Janet Tucker, Linda Coleman, Bill Steele.

GERMANY... Brigitte Ringeisen, present holder of the

200meter swim championship title of Hessen, Germany, came home tired from training and was told they had visitors from the Mormon Church. She writes, "Missionaries! I was impressed! They explained the gospel to me,

and after I had heard the whole story of the Church, I knew I had to belong.

"The Church finds its place along with my stiff training schedule.

\sts3

(H:':V- "*"-. -

JSp* ympvi wi

. &F.41 BiSfiHff? 04 legdjrar MEL

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SALT LAKE CITY... "A real spiritual experience.""An exciting two

days.""This will make our summer easier.""I shook hands with President Tanner."These were some of the comments of the 232 Indian

students participating in the Indian Student Placement Program of the

Church. They had just completed two days of intensive activity geared

to the theme "Summer—A Time of Decision."There was competition

in speech, essay, talent, and handicraft. There were skits and panels, a

banquet, dance, and testimony meeting as well as a reception that was open to the public—all in a short two days. The conference was conducted

MOSES LAKE, WASHentirely by the student planning committee with Wilford James of Ephraim,

INGTON... Douglas Ken Utah, acting as chairman, Eddie Brown of Cedar City, Utah, as viceEarl is a Boys'Nation delechairman, and Mary Etsitty of Pleasant Grove, Utah, as secretary.

the carry gate who can lead Clarence R. Bishop, director of the placement program, gave much school in musiand church

cals and star equally well of the credit for such an uplifting conference to the distinguished visitors on the school athletic who participated throughout the conference. Among the visitors were

teams. He has his Duty to President N. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency, President Marion D.

God award and is an Eagle Hanks of the First Council of Seventy, Vernon Jackson, a noted Indian studentscout. He has been

a real leader and executive director of the Warm Springs Confederated Tribes president and body missionary for the earlyin Oregon, and Marianne C. Sharp of the general presidency of the Relief

svsuirmeamorning seminary cause. Society. (See photos across lower portion of pages.)

* f*Zl ***** "it '#>"**

Q. O a o D <D

JULY 1966 679 The Last Word

A very large redfaced woman, much Have the Presbyterians any overweight, boarded a crowded bus. truth? Yes. Have the Baptists,

After glaring at the seated passengers Methodists, etc., any truth? Yes.

she snapped, "Isn't there one gentleman They all have truth mixed with going to offer me a seat?"Following error. We should gather all the

a tense moment of strained silence, a good and true principles in the scrawny little man arose from a side world and treasure them up, or seat he had squeezed into. He tipped his we shall not come out truehat and said shyly, "Ma'am, I'm willLatter-day Saints.—The Prophet

ing to make a small contribution."Joseph Smith, July 23, 18A3.

Let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly.—D&C 121:<

Itlife—ifis a funnyyou refusething toaboutacTherehonest is womannot an inhonestthis manworld or whoan

cept anything but the best really loves the Lord who would you very often get it. not join this Church if he knew

Win. Somerset Maugham what it was.—LeGrand Richards

Should you feel inclined to censure "Who is that rather

Faults you may in others view, homelylooking girl sn>

Ask your own heart, ere you venture, ting over there by herIf that has not failings, too. self?"the stranger asked

his host. "That, sir,"reDo not form opinions blindly. plied the host, "happens

Hastiness to trouble tends; to be my sister.""Oh, of

Those of whom we thought unkindly, course,"said the embarOft become—ourPhilipwarmestPaul friends.Bliss rassednotice theguest;resemblance.""I didn't

The friendship of one Education is a process between "What's your occupation?"

wise man is better than 4 and 16 years of age. At 4 "Well, I used to be an organist."

the friendship of a host we have all the questions and "But why did you quit?"of fools.—Greek proverb at 16 we have all the answers. "The monkey died."

to a deepsea diver preofMessage in terms is measured: "Come>i Success

J. ship quick. is sinking! paredness for eternity.—A. Croninup The

It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.—Benjamin Disraeli

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA success story at Silver Creek Silver Creek property sold out!now 80%

.. m 203 choice 2 1/2 -acre lots still left

one could be yours.

It's not too late to own your big, beautiful suburbanestate homesite at Silver Creek,

Utah's complete Planned Community suburb, just 22 minutes on nonstop

Freeways east of Salt Lake City. There's

still a splendid selection of residential (and commercial) properties from which to choose. Several large, ranchsize

parcels of 10to-60 acres also available.

All this... and heavenly living, too..

Houses at Silver Creek are beautifully located. magnificent scenic view from every lot.

golfing, boating, fishing, hunting, skiing—just

minutes away.

clear, fresh air—away from the city's summer

heat and winter smog.

plentiful supply of pure, clear water - huge 200,000 gallon storage tank and 4,000 feet of pipelines already installed -680ft. well drilled and pumping.

11 miles of allweather roads being completed in residential area... plans for Silver Creek

Fishing's great at Lewis Lake 1-80 Interchange at Silver Creek Interchange at U.S. 40/1-80 completed by State.

5 homes under construction—many more in

Drive through scenic Parleys Canyon on U.S. 40/ 1-80 to blueprint stages.

our Sales Office at Silver Creek

Junction. Our representativesare there to serve you 7 days a Many excellent commercial

week. Or phone 3636100.

lots still available..

... invest in Silver 28 commercial lots are already sold... with

Creek residential or plans well advanced for construction of ultracommercial property modern motels, restaurants and service station now... terms to suit facilities, by such national companies as Standard

your needs. Oil of California and Phillips Petroleum Company.

Silver Creek Corporation 72 City, Utah 1537, Salt LakeP. 0. Box per month

plat brochure,Please send and fact sheet to: i$38. map

My Name. 00

downAddress. i$295.

full purchase price just

City. State.

\ $2,950.00

Zip Phone. with up to eight years to pay

15% cash discount - limited offer

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Your Beneficial Life dollars work for you... and for your community.

Do you have a Beneficial Life Family Plan that protects you, parents and all the children... even those who may come along later? If so/ then you know how the dollars you've

invested in Beneficial Life work for you.

But did you know that these same dollars, invested by the company in corporate and municipal bonds, help provide a wide variety of community services? Electricity is just one

example. It's there at the flick of a finger, whenever we want it, to make our evenings

brighter, or to power an industrial complex, or to run BENEFICIAL LUE the tiny motor for that future investor in the family.

Virgil H. Smith, Prcs. Salt Lake City, Utah

If you don't have a Beneficial Life Family Plan, call your nearest Beneficial agent soon! You'll be glad you did.