*/L* iy-**-7

IJJJi'lUf!M

EDUCATION NUMBER

Vol. XVI JULY, 1913 No. 9

ORGAW OF THE PRIESTHOOD &C/ORUMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUALIMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCti OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Joseph Smith as Scientist Cloth Binding - 75c

History of Joseph Smith &'.Moth

Cloth - $1.00

- $2.50 BEFORE THE SMOKB Morocco

CLEARS AWAY On your firestricken shop, factory, &E3CD OBDBBfl TO office or store, you can resume business if Insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays in adjusting-, nohaggling over terms; but prompt payImprovement Era

ment of losses every time. It's to our 2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

Interestagain—weto canget youinsureset youup inagain.business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH

Heber J. Grant &

3026 So. Main St. Salt Lake City. Utah Co.K

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgua OPTICS OPEN DAT AND NIGHT

SI, as and 80 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Western Scout Shoes Give Splendid Satisfaction.

The Ideal Summer Shoe for Boys, Youths and Men

"MOUNTAINEER"AND "THE LEADER"OVERALLS They Never Rip

14 HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, HLEAsh MENTION THE "ERA"

EDUCATION IN UTAH.

The illiteracy in Utah is 2y2 per cent and the state stands third in literacy.

Utah teachers, of whom there are 703 males and 1,934 females, received $1,564,522 in wages for the year 1912.

Utah has seven hundred public schools, with 2,637 teachers and 111,331 children of school age of whom 95,000 receive instruction in the schools.

The valuation of school property in Utah has increased from $1,386,851, in 1906, to $8,000,000, in 1913; and the school population, from 79,339 to 111,331. The amount expended annually

for the support of common sc hools, during the same period increased from $900,995 to $4,000,000.

Utah has four public high schools with at least three hundred boys attending, among whom there isn't one boy who uses tobacco or strong drink in any form. It is the ambition of every

high school in the state, under the direction of the state officers, to reach this standard.

The public high schools of Utah have increased from five, in 1900, when 1,088 students enrolled, to forty in 1913, with an enrollment of more than 6,000 students. The enrollment in the

high schools of the United States increased from half a million, in 1900, to nearly a million, in 1910; during the past ten years the

increase in Utah has much more than kept pace with that of the nation at large.

The standard of qualification of teachers in Utah is as high as that of any other state in the Union. State Superintendent,

A. C. Nelson is authority for the statement that there are only

York, Indithree other states requiring the same standard,—New

ana and California. Andrew S. Draper, who died recently, erected a lasting invisible monument to his educational career by

raising the standard of efficiency of the public school teachers of his state, New York; and the requirement of certification of

teachers in Utah, in operation since 1911, ranks with the new regulations in New York.

HON. P. P. CI.AXTOX, UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER OF EDUCATION

Improvement Era Vol. XVI JULY, 1913 No. 9

The National Education Association'

Its History, Work and Mission

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON

Salt Lake City and Utah have for their guests this month the largest education association in the National world—the

Education Association, which meets July 5 to 11. While it

is the largest organization of the kind in the world, some of the readers of the Era may not have an adequate conception of its purpose and mission or the great volume of business done by its officials, nor of the great number of people who are interested permanently and temporarily in the association. Secretary

Durand W. Springer reports that his postage bill amounts to

something over $2,000 a year and that since last September over 20,000 letters have been deposited in the local postoffice at Ann

Arbor, Michigan, the present residence city of the secretary. The

permanent fund of the association amounts to $190,000, and yields an income in interest of $7,000 a year. For the year 1912 the

association received from various sources nearly $50,000, and the total expenses for the year, including nearly $10,000 which was transferred to the permanent fund, approximated $45,000, leaving still a balance of $4,000 in the treasury.

HISTORY AND GROWTH OF THE ASSOCIATION

It is difficult to determine the question of priority of organization among several educational associations of a national or seminational character that arose in the early history of the

United States. It appears that the earliest activity in the direction of a national organization for the advancement of educational

interests in the United States took place in 1830 and the following

*The writer is indebted to Secretary Durand W. Springer for reports,

bulletins, and historical documents from which the facts in this article are culled; also for the portraits accompanying.

844 IMI'U* >\'!MI NT I \< \

years. Tt has been quite definitely determined that the position

of seniority belongs t<> the American [nstitute of Instruction which was organized in I '< - 1< >n. Massachusetts, in August, 1830, the

DR. EDWARD T. FAIRCHILD, PRESIDENT NATIONAL EDUCATION

ASSOCIATION

preliminary meeting having hecn held in March of that year for the discussion of educational questions. At this time a committee was chosen to prepare a constitution, and the organization

THE NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 845

resulted, as stated, on the 19th of August, 1830, when the constitution was adopted and the officers elected, with President Francis

Wayland, of Brown University, as president. Prior to that time

there had been no educational associations barring here and there a temporary gathering of teachers and educators interested in the development of pedagogy and learning. This Institute was

largely responsible for giving Horace Mann to the educational leadership of America which, as Dr. A. E. Winship has stated, "is

all - sufficient r e- ward for its existence."This organization still exists. Of it Dr.

Winship says "In age it is peerless, in historic educational prominence it is unsurpassed, in delightful professional comradeship it is in a class by itself, and the present prosperity is adequate for all of its necessities.

The past is glorious, the present gratifying, and there is no reason why the future should not bear out its early proph- d. W. SPRINGER, SECRETARY NATIONAL EDUCAecy of service to the TION ASSOCIATION

public".

The Western Literary Institute and College of Professional

Teachers came second in order of organization, though some still claim it to have been the oldest educational association in America. It resulted from the joining of two other organizations that

date from 1829. The Western Institute existed from 1831 to

1845.

Then followed the American Lyceum Association which assumed national dimensions in 1831, and which held its last meeting in 1839.

I R \ 846 I.MI'Ki IVEMENT

In 1849, after these associations had disorganized, a new effort was made for the organization of a National Association of

Teachers. This association assembled at Philadelphia, in tinMall

of the Controller of Public Schools, October 17 t<> 1''. 1X4*'. under

the presidency of Hon. Horace

Mann, member of Congress, and late secretary of the Board of Education for the state of Massachusetts.

Jt would not be out of place to date the history of the National Education Association from this meeting in 1849 though it was not until August 26, 1857, in Philadelphia, that the National Teachers'

Association w a s actually organized.

In 1870, Aug. 1719, at Cleveland,

Ohio, it was changed to, and has continued under, the name of the National EduROBT. J. ALEY, PRESIDENT UNIVERSITY OF cation Association.

MAINE, AND SECRETARY OF THE BOARD OF The growth of

TRUSTEES, AND THE COUNCIL OF THE NAthe organization

TIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION can best be understood when we state that when Dr. Irwin Shepard, who for nineteen and a half

years was secretary of the association, took office, it was said he could hold all the records, materials, etc., of which it was then

possessed in his hands. When the office was removed to Ann

Arbor, Michigan, it required two cars to bring the records and files, for they had a net weight of 68.400 pounds. In 1906 the

association received its legal status when it was incorporated under a special act of Congress. Its charter was accepted, and itby-

laws were adopted at the Los Angeles meeting, in 1907.

THE NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 847

MEMBERSHIP

Besides its active membership, which is over eight thousand, it has an associate membership which varies yearly from five to ten thousand. The active

membership is composed of persons who retain their membership from year to year, paying their dues whether they are able to be present at the meeting or not.

People who make use of the associate membership are largely those who attend the meetings, if these happen to be held in the neighborhood where they live, or who take trips with the National Education Association, principally for a summer outing.

Thus in Utah this year we look for at least a membership of 2,600, many of whom may perhaps not rein a i n permanently with the association. SUPT. C. G. PEARSE, VICE PRESIDENT N. E.

Secretary Springer A., CITY HALL, MILWAUKEE, WIS.

states that, of the eight thousand active members about seven thousand are personal, the remaining one thousand being institutional, consisting largely of libraries. The association has also a group of about fifty members known as corresponding members, comprising foreigners who

have distinguished themselves in the field of education and for that reason were elected as corresponding members.

MEETINGS

Two meetings of the association are held each year. The

summer meeting, generally held in July, and which is by far the most largely attended, attracts usually from twelve to fifteen

S4S imi'k< ) vi-: mi-: nt i:ka

thousand teachers in actual attendance, while there has been as high as forty thousand paid memberships in a year. The summer

meeting lasts a Whole week, beginning as a rule on Saturday.

This year in Salt Lake City, the National Council meeting is held July 5.

Sunday, 6th of July, known as Educational Sunday, will be observed here as it is generally throughout cities where the association meets. The w sermons in the various churches are always of a character

suitable to the occasion. The general

sessions begin on Monday, continuing 1 'jfo till the 11th. One

meeting will be held each day during the convention, at a time when none of the departments are meeting. The seventeen

departmental committees connected with

STANLEY BROWN, JOLIET, ILL., TRUSTEE the association have

N. E. A. from two to four departmental meetings

throughout the week, so scheduled that the departments shall not interfere with each other.

The midwinter session is held during the last week in February and is known as the Department of Superintendents, although several other departments meet at the same time. This

meeting is more largely given over to the administrative phase of educational activities, whereas, the summer meeting is devoted to a more general discussion of methods and educational problems.

The summer and winter meetings are generally not held in the same section of the country. The winter meeting attracts the attendance of about twentythree hundred, and this year was held in

Philadelphia; while, as stated, the summer meeting will probably

attract fifteen thousand teachers and will be held in Salt Lake City.

THE NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 849

WORK OF THE ASSOCIATION

A highly important part of the work of the National Education Association is the educational investigation carried on under the direction of the National Council, a body of one hundred and twenty members representing every phase of educational activity. Several of

the departments often appoint committees to make special investigations, and reports are published in pamphlet form including such subjects as, "Teaching Morals in the Public Schools of the United States,""Provisions for Exceptional Children in

Public Schools,""The Place of Industry in Public Education,"etc. In the history of

the organization, hundreds of these committees, composed of the greatest educators J- y. JOYNER, RALEIGH, N. C, STATE SUPT.

in the country, have PUBLIC INSTRUCTION submitted reports which stand as the very highest authority on the different subjects with which they deal. Some of these were published years ago,

but many of the ideas which they present are still entirely in accord with those of the present day. These pamphlets are selling in

large numbers. At the last meeting of the association $8,735 was

appropriated for the use of committees making these investigations, for this year. The members from Utah in this National

Council are State Supt. A. C. Nelson who has held the position

since 1908, and Supt. D. H. Christensen, of the Salt Lake City

schools, since 1911.

Aside from the publications of the National Council, there is a book which contains the proceedings of the midwinter meeting entitled, "Proceedings of the Department of Superintendents,"also a book entitled "The Addresses"containing all that takes

I R \ K5<) I.MI'K* iVIMI NT

place at the summer meeting; then a year book which contains a

report "i'all business, and the names, titles and positions of all the active members. Since there air 350 pages in this volume which

ci mtains the names and addresses of e i g li t thousand members, kept upto-date, it may well be imagined that this requires.threat

labor on the part of tlic secretary's office.

OFFICERS AND

STATE DIRECTORS

At the annual meeting a director from every state is elected; also a

president, eleven vicepresidents, and a treasurer are elected. The Board

of Directors consists of these perGEORGE B. Cook. STATE SUPT. PUBLIC INsons, and the exSTRUCTION, EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE, presidents of the

LITTLE ROCK. ARK. association hecome

lifedirectors. The

president and vicepresident, and the treasurer, are elected every year, and the retiring president always becomes the first vicepresident. The directors hold two meetings each year, and in the

interim business is carried on by the executive committee consisting of the president, vicepresident, treasurer and the chairman of the hoard of five trustees, and one director selected from the board. All the property owned by the association is held by the

Board of Trustees, who are also the custodians of the permanent fund. These trustees are elected by the directors for a period of

four years one being elected each year. The hoard of trustees

elects th secretary who is the.administrative officer of the organization. There is also an Executive Committee of five. The intent of so placing the election of the secretary, was to give the

office an element of permanency. The last incumbent, as stated,

held the office for nearly twenty year-, and then resigned. Each

of the departments selects its own officers—president, vicepresi-

THE NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 851

dent and secretary, and the National Council, having'charge of all the educational investigations, have in addition an executive committee of three members.

Utah was first connected with the Education Association by a state director in the year 1874, when Territorial Superintendent of

Schools O. H. Riggs was chosen to that position, holding the place

until 1877. From that time up to 1884, Utah was not represented

in the organization. At this date Prof. J. M. Coyner became state

director for Utah and held the place until 1886. The association

met at Topeka, Kansas, in that year, at which time Edward H.

Anderson, then superintendent of schools of Weber County, became state director, 1886-7; he was followed by Prof. W. M.

Stewart, 188788; J. F. Millspaugh, 188889. Three years again

passed, to 1892, when Utah was not represented; then J. F. Millspaugh was again chosen for 1892-3; Ella M. Dukes, 1894-5; W.

R. Malone, 1895-7; Dr. J. M. Tanner, 189799; F. B. Cooper,

18991901;W. J. Kerr, 1901-4; A. C. Nelson, 1904-5; D. H.

Christensen, 190510; G. N. Child, 191013.

THE SECRETARY

Practically all the business of the association is handled through the office of the secretary, excepting the collection of dues at the summer meeting. Mr. Durand W. Springer, the present

secretary, was elected in 1912. Mr. Irwin Shepard, who preceded

him, acted from 1893 to July, 1912, and he devoted his entire time to the work of the association since 1898. During his incumbency

the association's permanent fund grew from $40,000 to $190,000 in 1912. The Secretary is charged with great responsibility, his list

of duties being long and varied. He is the administrative officer,

the secretary of the Executive Committee, of the Board of Directors, and of the active members at the annual meeting. He is

charged with issuing all the volumes of proceedings, with making arrangements for holding meetings, and with the printing and distribution of the bulletins and official programs. One of the great

problems requiring careful attention is the railroad rates, and concessions. He must deal with eight different railroad systems in

the United States, securing rates for the members wherever they reside. The second problem is the local conditions in the city in

which the meeting is to be held. In order to handle such a large

number in a satisfactory manner the preliminary arrangements must be carefullv worked out ahead of time. The third problem,

much more easily met, is the arrangement for receiving the annual dues, distributing badges, and printing and distributing the annual programs. Members who attend the annual meeting must pay

their dues at the tfme, but all the permanent members who do not attend the meeting must receive notice of their dues.

852 IMPROVF.MKNT ERA

The editing of the manuscript for the "Addresses,"and "Proceedings''( 1.427 pages for 1912) and the proof reading are no

small tasks. Furthermore, at least a third of the 3,000 active mem-

l era change their residences each year, and every name on the "Year book"must be checked before the book can be issued. The

office is a center for all kinds of questions in regard to educational matters, requiring considerable time in looking up the information desired. At the meeting in Salt Lake City it is likely that the

headquarters of the secretary's office will be changed from Ann

Arbor, to Washington, since the permanent heado|iiarters are determined by the board of directors, and Mr. Springer asked that

the office be only temporarily located in Ann Arbor.

MISSION OF THE N. E. A.

At the national gathering of teachers and superintendents in

Philadelphia, in 1849, which movement was destined to continue through the National Teachers'Association, and later the National

Education Association, Hon. Horace Mann, its president, gave

an opening address from which we quote. His inspiring and even

prophetic words may be said to outline the mission of the association up to our own day, and are as applicable now as then, insofar as they have not yet been fulfiled:

"By the communion and the sympathy of assemblies like this we can not only enlighten the guiding forces of the mind, but we can generate the impulsive forces of the heart. We cannot only diffuse

new intelligence, but we can excite new enthusiasm. Throughout the

whole country the machinery of education needs to be increased in strength, and worked by a mightier power. In all material interests

we are proverbial as a people for our enterprise. Let us seek for our

country the higher honor of becoming proverbial in our regard for moral and spiritual interests. Let us devise systems of education that

shall reach every child that is born in the land; and, wherever political

privileges exist, let the intelligence be imparted and the virtues inculcated, which alone can make those privileges a blessing. *****

"Look, too, at the condition of our country, and see what need there is of comprehensiveness in our plans and of energy in their administration. We have a higher object than to prepare a system of

education for any one locality, or for any one party. To the West a

region spreads out almost interminably—a region to be soon filled, not

with savages, but either with Christians, or with men as much worse than savages as Christians are better. On the East, there comes

pouring in upon us a new population, not of our own production, not of American parentage nor the growth of American institutions.

Owing to the marvelous improvements in the art of transportation, the

THE NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION 853

Atlantic Ocean has been narrowed almost to a river's breadth. The

western and the eastern continent by the power of these improvements lie side by side of each other. Their shores, for thousands of miles,

like two ships, lie broadside and broadside; and from stem to stern

the emigrant population of Europe is boarding us, tens of thousands in a day. We must provide for them, or we will all sink together.

"And what are we doing to prepare for the great exigencies of the future, which the providence of God seems to have placed in our hands; and, I speak with reverence, to have left to our disposal? A

responsibility is upon us that we cannot shake off. We cannot escape

with the lying plea of Cain, 'Am I my brother's keeper?'Let us then

be aroused by every consideration that can act upon the mind of a patriot, a philanthropist', or a Christian; and let us give our hands, our

heads, and our hearts to the great work of human improvement, through the instrumentality of free, common schools. As far as in

us lies, let us save from ruin, physical, intellectual and moral, the thousands and hundreds of thousands, aye, the millions and hundreds of millions of the human race, to whom we are bound by the ties of a common nature and of kindred blood, and who, without our assistance, will miserably perish, but with our assistance may be saved to usefulness and honor, and immortal glory."

RESIDENCE DISTRICT, EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY

The American Buffalo

A Sketch of the Animal in its Picturesque Relation to the West

BY LEVI EDGAE YOUNG, M. A.

"I go to kill the buffalo.

The Great Spirit sent the buffalo,

On hills, in plains and woods.

So give me my bow; give me my bow;

I go to kill the buffalo."—Ute Song of the Buffalo.

Before the white man settled the present confines of the

United States, two kinds of thoroughfares led to the most remote and isolated parts of our country. These were the Indian and

buffalo trails. The buffalo were the earliest pathfinders. They

made great roads across the continent, and on the summits of the watersheds of North America; not only across the Appalachian

mountains into the interior of the country, but from the Missouri river westward, into the Rocky Mountains. Long before the old

( Oregon and Santa Fe trails were made famous by the trappers, freighters, and pony express, they were the highways of the buffalo.

From the Missouri up the Platte river to the site of Fort Bridger, then on to the valley of the Great Salt Lake, the buffalo made his way to the salt licks of the Great Basin. He roamed all over the

Mississippi Valley from the height of land separating the waters of the Arctic and the 1 ludson Bay country to the Gulf of Mexico.

lie knew full well the fertile valleys of the Rocky Mountain-, and the canyonand valleys of the present Utah, Idaho, and Columbia

River country. Peter Skeene < >gden, who established a trading

post "ii the Weber River where I tgden City now stands, in 1824.

-peakof the many herdhe -aw in the Valley <>i the Great Salt

Lake; and the Ashley party which established a trading post on

the west shore of Utah Lake, in 1826, report having killed many antelope and buffalo during their first winter of rendezvous on the lake. We know that he was a persistent occupant of the valleys of the Wasatch, and it was a buffalo trail that was first made

from the prairie region east <>f the Rockies through the canyons to the Valley of the Great Salt Lake.

THE AMERICAN BUFFALO 855

The buffalo needed extensive feeding grounds, and the area traveled by a herd was thousands of miles in a single season.

They also had their wallows, stamping grounds, and licks. The

Platte River was a famous place for wallows, as was also the

Jordan River in Salt Lake Valley. In the heat of summer, the

buffalo found good wallows where they could immerse themselves in a slimy mud, which dried upon their bodies and protected them from flies, mosquitoes, and gnats. The salt licks were the "foci of

all their roads."Since salt was as necessary to the buffalo as

grain is to the horse, salt springs and lakes were hunted out. The

shores of the Great Salt Lake were favorite haunts for this animal.

On the old Oregon Trail which followed the Platte and North

Platte to the Green River valley, thousands of bison were killed

AVARD FAIRBANKS BUFFALO*

by the emigrants in the very early days of the westward migration.

In fact the bones of millions of these animals were found upon the banks of those streams and over the entire prairie region. The

killing of the buffalo is one of the tragedies of our American history. They were needlessly sacrificed at times, not only by

the old trappers and colonizers, but by the western Indian tribes

*Mr. Fairbanks is a promising young Utah artist in his sixteenth year

whose work has received flattering notices in New York papers. He dedicated this buffalo to the public schools of the United States. Many casts

of his work have been made, some in bronze by Tiffany & Co., New York.—The Editors.

856 IMPR( (VEMENT ERA

as well. It is a |>itv that something was not done in the early

fifties to proted the animal from nttcr annihilation.

Thai the buffalo were extremely numerous there can be no doubt. Colonel Dodge describes a herd fifty miles wide, and

says thai it took five days to pass a given point. In 1868, a train

mi the Kansas Pacific Railroad traveled for one hundred and twenty miles through a continuous herd of buffalo, "packed so densely thai the earth was black, and the train was compelled to stop several times."Colonel Tnman in his Old Santa Fe Trail

concludes that from 1868 to 1881, over thirtyone millions of buffalo were killed on the great plains. In Kansas alone there was

paid out between these two dates two million five hundred thousand dollars for buffalo bones found on the prairies. These bones

were used by the various carbon factories in the manufacture of fertilizers. With the building of the Union Pacific railroad,

thousands of travelers, to the Rocky Mountains spent their time in a wanton slaughter of the animals of the plains. Those who

killed for the skins alone, made it a lucrative business, and a great demand for buffalo robes sprang up all over America. "Buffalo

Bill"while employed as a hunter for the Kansas Pacific Railroad.

in 186763, killed nearly five thousand buffalo in less than eighteen months. The buffalo were a great boon to the pioneers of the West. Constituting the main source of food supply

not only for the Indians of the plains, but the frontiersman as well, they have a setting in western history that is unique. Their

hides and flesh were useful especially in winter. In fact, an old

Sioux chief declares that "The whites never could have taken the lands from the Indians, had the buffalo been preserved."It

was not until the buffalo had almost been exterminated that the great Indian wars were brought to a close in the early seventies.

Buffalo with other wild animals of the American wilderness were looked upon by the Indians as gifts of the Great Spirit for the welfare of the Red Men. Red jacket, a famous chief of the Six

Nations, delivered an address, in the summer of 1805, before a council of his people. Christian missionaries were present and

sooke about the desire of the white man to educate the Indian in the "ways of righteousness.""Red Jacket, or better Sogoyewapha.

which was his Indian name, said among other things:

"Brothers, listen to what we say. There was a time when our

forefather* owned this great land. Their scats extended from the

rising to the setting sun. The Great Spirit had made it for the use of

the Indians, lie had created the buffalo, the deer, and other animals for food. He had made the bear and the heaver. Their skins served

us for clothing. He had scattered them over the country and taught

us how to take them. He had caused the earth to produce corn for

bread. All this he had done for his red children because he loved

THE AMERICAN BUFFALO 857

them. If we had some disputes about our hunting grounds, they were

generally settled without the shedding of much blood."

Pathetic words! The buffalo with the beaver and antelope

were gifts of the Great Spirit to his children. They formed a

part of the life of the Indian; they were the denizens of plain and

mountain, wilderness and forest, without whom the Indian could not have lived the many ages on this continent.

Among the Sioux the buffalo was considered the "King of beasts,"and his image played an important part in the ghost and sun dances. The Siouxan tradition as to the origin of the buffalo

is full of suggestion. I give it in the words of Bushotter, the

American ethnologist

ORIGIN OF THE BUFFALO

The buffalo originated under the earth. It is said that in the

olden times, a man who was journeying came to a hill where there were many holes in the ground. He explored them, and when he had

gone within one of them, he found plenty of buffalo chips, and buffalo tracks were on all sides; and here and there he found buffalo hair

which had come out when the animals rubbed against the walls. These

animals were the real buffalo, who dwelt underground, and some of them came up to this earth and increased here to many herds. These

buffalo had many earth lodges, and there they raised their children.

They did many strange things. Therefore when a man can hardly be

wounded by a foe, the people believe that the former has seen the buffalo in dreams or visions, and on that account has received mysterious help from those animals. All such men who dream of the

buffalo, act like them and dance the buffalo (bull) dance. And the

man who acts the buffalo is said to have a real buffalo inside him, and a crysalis lies within the flat part of the body near the shoulderblade;

on account of which the man is hard to kill; no matter how often they

wound him, he does not die. As the people know that the buffalo live

in earth lodges, they never dance the buffalo dance in vain.

Here is the story of the mythic buffalo

It is said that a mythic buffalo once attacked a party of Indians, killing one of them. The others fled and climbed a tree, at which the

buffalo rushed many times, knocking off piece after piece of the tree with his horns till very little of it was left. Then one of the Indians

lighted some tinder and threw it far off into the tall grass, scorching the buffalo's eyes, and seriously injuring his horns, causing the hard part of the latter to slip off, so that the animal could no longer gore any one. But as he was still dangerous, one of the men determined

to fight him at the risk of his own life, and so he slipped down from the tree, armed with a bow and some arrows. He finally gave the

buffalo a mortal wound. Then all the men came down the tree and

cut up the buffalo after flaying him. They were about to carry off

the body of their dead comrade in a robe, when they were obliged to climb a tree again because another mythic buffalo had appeared. He

858 IMPROVEMENT ER \

did nol attack them, l>ut went four times around the body of the slain man. Then he Stopped and said. "Arise to your feet."All at once,

tlic dead man came t<> life. The buffalo addressed him, saying, "Hcrcafter you shall be mysterious, and the sun, moon, four winds, day and

night shall he your servants."It was so. He could assume the shape

of a fine plume, which was blown often against a tree, to which it

Stuck, as it waved repeatedly.

The members of Cabeza de Vaca's company first saw the buffalo of the American plains in 1538. De Vaca with his fellow

Spaniards roamed through what is now the coast of the Gulf of

Mexico from Florida to Mexico. This was some three years beFore the famous march of Coronado from the City of Mexico to

the great plains of what is now Kansas and Nebraska. It was

Coronado, however, who gives us our first description of these denizens of the plains. He found the Indians of Cibola or the

Seven Cities using buffalo meat, and from them he obtained a supply for his journey further eastward. Coronado's description

of the buffalo is full of interest, and it shows how closely he with other old Spanish explorers studied the fauna and flora of the present confines of the southwestern United States. In speaking

of the Buffalo bulls, he says:

"They have very long beards, like goats, and when they are running, they throw their heads back, with their beard dragging on the ground. There is a sort of girdle around the middle of the body. The

hair is very woolly, like slurp's, very fine, and in front of the girdle, the hair is very long and rough like a lion's. They have a great

hump, larger than a camel's. The horns are short and thick, so that

they are riot seen much above the hair. In May they change the hair

in the middle of the body, for a down, which makes perfect lions of them. They rub against the small trees in the little ravines to shed

their hair, and they continue this until only the down is left, as a snake changes his skin. They have a short tail with a bunch of hair at the

end. When they run, they carry it erect like a scorpion."

The Spanish explorers not only described the buffalo, but made drawings of them. These pictures are preserved in many

of the old manuscripts, and one is produced especially for this article.

During the westward migration of the American people in the nineteenth century, the buffalo were driven from their old haunts and in the palmy days of the hidehunting industry, large

I undies of the skinwere shipped to St. Louis. Fort Leavenworth.

and in the fifties to the tannery at Creelev. Colorado. In those

days, one could have bought a robe for $2.50, which would now

easily be worth some $200. Petition after petition was sent to

Congress during the sixties and seventies asking for some act which would prevent the terrible slaughter of these animals, but nothing was ever done in the way of Congressional enactment.

THE AMERICAN BUFFALO 859

It is to the credit of Brigham Youngand the "Mormon"pioneers that the buffalo were killed only for food. There was

no wanton destruction of these animals on the plains by the "Mormons,"as there had been by other companies of emigrants along the Platte river. We have accounts of the "brethren"going on

their hunts for food, and buffalo were killed, but only to supply the camps with meat. Wilford Woodruff, formerly President of

the "Mormon"Church, has given a most interesting account of a hunt in his journal. He says:

"When the Utah pioneers had reached Grand Island, on the Platte river, they were greatly in need of fresh meat. One morning in May,

a herd of buffalo was seen on a little hill not far from the pioneer camp. "This was an interesting day to the hunters of the

camp. The pioneers made an early start, and after traveling

six miles, camped for breakfast on the prairie in sight of a herd of buffalo feeding on a bluff to the right of us. There were

about two hundred. Three only of the hunters started out. They

rode as near to them as possible and crawled along the grass, but the buffalo became frightened and ran away. We had not traveled

more than two miles farther before we discovered another large herd five miles before us. The hunters assembled and held a council. We

determined to get some of the buffalo meat if possible. We traveled

until we were within a mile of the herd, when a halt was made and fifteen hunters started together. We all went along until we reached

a bluff within a few rods of the herd. We all made a charge upon

them from the bluffs into the plain, but when we reached the plain, we soon overtook them, and each man singled out his game. We made

choice generally of cows, and then rushed up to the side of them, and fired upon them with our pistols, which we found much better to carry than our rifles, which were very cumbersome in running. I killed a

cow and calf. I then saw O. P. Rockwell with three bulls at bay on

the prairie. We ran to his assistance, and surrounded them and commenced firing. They bolted ahead. I put spurs to my horse, and ran

in front and was within about a rod of them, when they pitched at me and gave me a chase for a fight. It hurried me to get out of their

way. We killed three cows, three bulls, and five calves, making eleven

in all. In the morning, Solomon Hancock had gone out to hunt buffalo on foot. As he did not return in the evening, we felt greatly

concerned about him; but in the morning he returned, having killed

a threeyear-old cow which he watched during the night to keep the wolves from eating her. He shot one wolf and the rest ran away.

"This was our first day's buffalo hunt, and we considered the results quite good inasmuch as we were all strangers to a buffalo hunt, very few of us having ever seen one before. We dressed our

meat and the wagons came from the camp to take it."

days, and We are removed only a few years from the pioneer yet the Indians and the buffalo have gone from their old haunts.

As the Red Men have been pushed from their hunting grounds, the buffalo have been exterminated. To see the buffalo killed

was to the Indians "like a dream of sorrow, a supernatural cloud of darkness to punish their derelictions. Their old men tell of the

860 IMPROVEMENT ERA

/ears when the buffalo were scarce and had gone a long way off, but never since the world began, were there no buffalo."

The Indians say the buffalo will come again from the land where dwells the Great Spirit in his wigwam, where grow only flowers, tries, and all good things of the land, and where dwell the Indians of the good old times, in peace and fellowship with the Father of all.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

OT.D SrAXTSTT DRAWING OF A BUFFALO

Accounting for Every Idle Word

There is a remark made by the Savior recorded in Scripture as follows: "Every idle word that men shall speak, they shall

give account thereof in the day of judgment."(Matt. 12:36.)

We may wonder how each one of earth's untold millions can possibly give account of his every idle word in the day of judgment, but there is no reason to believe that it is not possible. If man's character is made up of his every thought, word

and (\vc(\, whether idle or otherwise, on the day of judgment he will stand for what his character denotes: "every idle word,"

as well as every idle thought and deed will be accounted for in tl e effect they have wrought upon life's record. In other words,

he will amount to just what his good thoughts, words and deeds represent, minus that which his idle or evil thoughts, words and deeds have taken from that sum total Edwin F. Parry.

A Story of Pioneer Days

BY JENNIE LEIGH

The Southern part of our state was, I presume, settled in much the same way as the Northern part. Many hardships had to

be endured, many obstacles overcome, and what a nerve it must have taken to be able to stand the constant anxiety of an Indian attack; for the Indians were very troublesome, and although the

whites had several staunch friends among this dusky people who helped a great deal in keeping peace, they were continually stealing cattle and horses. But this was nothing compared with the terrible

tragedies sometimes enacted when for some fancied wrong these cruel savages would avenge themselves upon some innocent victim.

Of the many brave men called from their homes and firesides to lead the dangerous life of an Indian missionary, my grandfather was one; he was with that brave leader Jacob Hamblin in some

of his most thrilling and sometimes tragic experiences.

In the year of 1860, a little company of men consisting of

Jacob Hamblin, Thales Haskell, George A. Smith, Jr., Jehiel McConnell, Ira Hatch, Isaac Riddle, Amos Thornton, Francis M.

Hamblin, James Pierce, and an Indian called Enos, started from the Santa Clara, in Washington county, for the purpose of preaching to the Moquis Indians in Arizona, in the hope of establishing a mission in some of their towns. Although in the first

part of their journey no accident of interest occurred, the men were filled with a gloomy foreboding that something very unpleasant was going to happen. Courageously they pushed on,

determined to do their best to accomplish that which they had set out to do.

Everything went well until after two days'travel from the

Colorado river, they found their first watering place dry. They

urged their horses on to the next one before stopping. Undaunted they started on, but about two o'clock in the afternoon, they

met four friendly Navajos who told them that to go on to their next destination meant certain death.

The Navajos invited the missionaries to go with them to the camp of the Spanshanks where they would be protected. What

should they do? To go one way surely meant death, for the

famishing horses could not reach Spanshanks camp without first having water, while to go on would probably just as certainly 862 IMPROVEMENT ERA

restlll in death, at the hands of the cruel savages lurking in the mountains.

It was a difficult problem, but they finally decided to continue their present route and take the chances, desperate though they were. Brother Haskell, knowing the country, was sent ahead of

the company to entrench himself on the table land which could be reached only by a narrow pass, while Brother Hamblin remained behind to gather as many of the Indians'plans as he could, lie learned that the Navajos were determined the missionaries should not reach the Moquis villages, but whether to kill them, or let them go home, they had not yet decided. A compromise

was finally effected by which the whites were to trade the goods they had brought with them to the Indians for blankets, and then depart for their homes in peace.

The following morning while this bartering was going on, the In uses were successfully taken to the watering place, but on the way back, Brother Smith's horse, breaking away from the band took a trail that led over the mountain and out of sight.

As soon as the news was brought to camp, the owner, against counsel, jumped on a comrade's horse and started after it alone.

The men being very busy trading, soon forgot all about him. In

a short time Brother Hamblin realized that Brother Smith had not returned and that most of the Navajos had mysteriously disappeared.

Seized with a terrible fear, he sent two men to search for him, and after following the road for about a mile, they found him stretched out on the ground, the lower part of his body riddled with three bullets, and with three arrow wounds between his shoulders and a buckskin shirt thrown over his head.

Tt was afterwards learned that shortly after leaving camp.

Brother Smith came upon two Indians, one of whom was leading the mi>sing horse. After persuasion and a little force, they relunctantly gave up the stolen property and Brother Smith was

turning away when one of the Indians, riding up to him, asked to look at his pistol. Not suspecting any treachery, Brother

Smith handed it to the Indian who in turn handed it to his companion a little in the rear. The latter then, while standing but a

few feet from Brother Smith, mercilessly shot him three times.

Paralyzed and mortally wounded, the victim fell to the ground where one of his murderers threw a buckskin shirt over his head while the other pierced him with arrows. It was in this condition

he was found and tenderly carried to his horrorstricken comrades. When Brother Hamblin demanded of the Indians why

they had broken their promise they replied, they had partly avenged themselves for the death of three of their brothers at the hands of the pale faces.

And they said if the whites would give up two more of their

A STORY OF PIONEER DAYS 863

men to be killed, the rest could go on unharmed. To this Brother

Hamblin replied, "There are only a few of us but we are well armed and will fight as long as there is one left."

With the help of the four Navajo friends, they hurriedly cleared camp and mounted their horses, and placing Brother

Smith in the saddle upon a mule, with Brother McConnell behind to hold him on, they hurried away, the Indians in close pursuit.

Thus they traveled as fast as they could, Brother Smith often pleading to be left, as he was only an encumbrance to them.

About sundown. Brother Smith asked the company to stop as

everything was growing dark and he was dying. When told

they could not, "Well then, go on,"he said, "but I wish I could die in peace."

In a few minutes he was dead. The only way to save the

lives of the rest of the company was to leave the body of Brother

Smith and hurry on. Wrapping it in a blanket, they laid it in a

hollow place at the side of the trail. After two days more of

hard travel, on tired and jaded animals, they reached a place of safety exhausted by work and sorrow. A company of twenty men

was srnt out to gather up what could be found of Brother Smith's body; as it was winter, it was a hard, cold trip, but they finally

reached the spot to find only his head and a few of the larger bones. These they carefully gathered up and took home to his

bereaved family and friends.

CEDAR CITY, UTAH

HILL AND VALLEY—FIELDS AND SNOWCAPPED MOUNTAINS, IN

CONTRAST Customs and Legends of Utah Indians

I'.Y I \(>( II JORGENSEN, PRINCIPAL JORDAN HIGH SCHOOL

IV—The Walker and BlackHawk Wars

With the exception of Colonel Connor's successful campaign against the Amerinds on Dear River, most of the Indian troubles in Utah centered around Sanpete county, because the settlements there were more isolated, and the Sanpitch Utes had a bold, bad man as their leader.

The Walker War, 185s

This man, Wakara, or Walker, as he is known in history, continually gave indications of a desire to stir up trouble among the colonists, notwithstanding'his pleadings for white neighbors to settle in his territory. He and his brother Arropine (or Seignerouch) were the leaders in all strife, while Sowiatt, an old

diplomat who always befriended the whites, was the peace chief.

As before remarked, the underlying cause of the Walker war was the refusal of the settlers to countenance slavetrade which Spaniards from the southwest had encouraged and practiced. A signal for a general campaign against the whites was

the killing of Alex. Keele, at Payson, July 18, 1853. Raids were

common all through the southern part of the state, especially on outlying settlements; horses and cattle were driven off, and the

killing ot lone and defenseless pioneers was of so common occurrence tint the settlers became terror stricken, and colonization was greatly impeded. A company of fifty militiamen under Capt. P.

W. Conover was sent out from Provo to assist the settlers in

Sanpete Valley. A pitched battle was fought with the natives just

east of Mt. Pleasant, and the savages were routed with heavy loss.

Mt. Pleasant. Springtown. Ephraim, and other new settlements

were abandoned, and all gathered in the newly constructed fort at

Manti. "The whole white population of Sanpete Valley at that

time was 7n5 nun. women and children."says Lever, and they all

lived in the Manti fort until 1854. That'summer the Indians

confined their depredations chiefly to Millard county, though killings occurred at different points in Sanpete, Juab, and other counties

That year Wakara died and Arropine succeeded his brother as chief. Arropine was not so bold nor so aggressive as was

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OF UTAH INDIANS 865

Wakara, neither did he live up to his promises as well. He professed much love for the "Mormon"people, and signed an agreement for peace. This chief deeded the whole of Sanpete county

to President Brigham Young as "Trusteein-trust"for the peaceable possession of the whites. A copy of this remarkable document is recorded in Book B, Church Transfer records of Sanpete

county, Utah.

The BlackHawk War, 1865187

But Arropine's treaties of 1854 and 1855 were grudgingly kept, "and it taxed the few settlers sorely to supply beef, flour, clothing, etc., to appease the increasing demands of the natives."

Periodical attacks were made in different places by marauding bands of Utes, and no man was safe outside the settlements.

Strong forts of stone masonry with lookout towers and portholes all around were built at Ephraim, Manti, and other places.

Scouts were on the lookout continually to warn against attacks on laborers in the fields, or against raids on flocks and herds, but in spite of the most watchful care, the settlers were the losers, and patience with the natives ceased to be a virtue. War was actually

on, though Arropine's treaty was supposed to be in vogue.*

In the meantime BlackHawk, another bold, bad man, had assumed command of the united Amerind forces from all the southern parts of the state, and organized his braves for the worst war in the history of Utah. Open hostilities began around Manti

in March, 1865. The first man killed was Peter J. Ludvigsen, on

Twelvemile Creek, south of Manti; and the same day James Andersen and Elijah B. Ward were massacred and scalped in Salina

Canyon. Then followed a series of assassinations, raids, and skirmishes in various parts of that south country, until the inhabitants

were completely beside themselves with fear and rage. Eightyfour members of the Sanpete militia led by Col. J. T. S. Allred

went "onto the Sevier"to try to recover stolen stock, and, if possible, to break up the band of savages operating south of Manti, but they met with disaster in Salina Canyon where, on April 12th,

Tens Sorensen of Ephraim and Wm. Kearns of Gunnison were

killed.

In July President Brigham Young visited Sanpete to confer with the people as to the best policy to pursue. Through his influence Col. Warren S. Snow was elected a brigadiergeneral, and he

immediately took command of militia and "minutemen."He

pursued the Amerinds into Grass Valley where a pitched battle, disastrous to the natives, was fought July, 1865. Then fol-

*That chieftain died in Grass Valley, Dec. 4, 1860.

s<rfi IMPROVEMENT EB \

lowed in quick succession engagements at Glenwood, Fish Lake,

Green River, and other places.

Among the notable raids made by the savages was one at

For! Ephraim, October 17, 1865, when William Thorpe, Morten

P. Kuhre and wife, Soren X. Jespersen, Elizabeth Petersen, Benj.

I lite were massacred, and a number ofJ. Black, and William T.

others wounded, some while harvesting their meager crops in the field just on the borders of the town, and others while on guard or in the canyon: at this time more than one hundred head of

cattle were driven away. An especially interesting incident connected with this encounter is the fact that after the savages had

done their worst, as they thought, and had retreated into the mountains, William D. Kuhre, then an infant about two and onehalf years old. was found on his mother's breast alive and well. It

is surmised that he must have been asleep in the willows near by while his parents were at work, and perhaps the noise of the melee awakened him. However, he lives today one of the honored men

of the state, Bishop of Sandy ward, and exmayor of that busy little city.

The winter of 1865 and 1866 was specially severe for those south settlements, as grasshoppers had taken most of their crops;

and though there was a lull in the warfare, they lived in constant dread of renewed outbreaks.

With the returning spring, killings and raids became common again, even as far south as Kane and Washington counties. Soon,

however, a number of notable chiefs were captured near Nephi, among them, Sanpitch and Ankawakets, but the notorious BlackHawk was still at large leading on the brutal assaults.

At last the citizenry of Utah and Salt Lake counties were aroused to the seriousness of the situation, and Capt. P. W. Conover with 50 men from Utah county, and Colonel Kimball with a

company of 50 from Salt Lake county, reached Manti in May, 1866. In June, General Daniel II. Wells came to Manti and took

command of all the troops, and under his wise direction the people were better organized for defense, and they were able to gather bounteous crops.

Though the help from the more populous centers reassured the settlers of Sanpete and Sevier, it did not put an end to the war, for soon Utah county towns were being raided, and the war territory was spreading. Richfield, Glenwood, Circleville, and

other new settlements were abandoned, and the fugitives joined with people of the Sanpete towns for mutual defense, 1866.

Through 1867 and 1868 the war continued. Ephraim was

the center for the cattle industry of the section, and here the savage- made several successful raids on stock. On July 10, 1868,

another attempt was made to drive off the herds that were being watched near Ephraim, but this time the young men of the town,

CUSTOMS AND LEGENDS OF UTAH INDIANS 867

now pretty well armed, gave chase, and a sharp engagement followed in which the Amerinds were badly beaten and the stolen cattle recovered.

August 19, 1868, a treaty of peace was signed in Strawberry

Valley; this treaty, like other treaties made before, was soon

broken and raids, though less frequent than before, were made in different localities; but murders had all but ceased, and well for

the defenseless settlers that it was so, because Governor J. W.

Shaffer had caused the troops to be withdrawn, and under his order none were permitted to drill or bear arms except under the direction of the U. S. Marshal. This order was issued September

15, 1870, and the Federal authorities did not succeed in consummating a treaty of peace until September 7, 1872, when Geners

Morrow met the chiefs in conference at Mt. Pleasant.

tire inventor John Ericsson was born in Sweden, in 1803. He was

of the turretship Monitor, which distinguished itself iiythe American civil war and inaugurated a new era in naval warfares Serving for a time in the Swedish army, he removed to London in 182*. anH rn Wv

York in 1839. He died in 1889. A national monument has been

erected to him at Filipstad, Sweden, a portrait of winch we herewith oresent It was sent by Elders J. Hill Johnson of Salt Lake, and Oluf m the foreMonson of Pleasant Grove, Utah, whose portraits are

ground.

J 1iiHi

sharp and many are the thorns of life,

From youth till age their pains with us abide. \

deep the wounds oft made from years o r strife;

With smiles we fain this aching pain would hide.

How many souls have felt the thorn of doubt,

Until pale fear has made of us a slave!

Then faded hopes but meet our gaze throughout,

And tears fall fast on dead ambition's grave

How oft a weariness of life is born!

Dark sorrow and despair our faith o'ercome;

Our hearts are pierced until, all bleeding, torn,

The weary senses with the pain grow numb.

And yet, some day the soul will struggle free,

As does the sun from out a great stormcloud;

'Tis then the meaning of life's thorns we'll see,

When with immortal wisdom we're endowed.

Hope.

Wk The Artist vs. the Poet

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE

The question has often been is the relative difasked—What

ficulty in the attainment of a position of supreme height in the two

Literature? Is it as grand, is it as difficult, tofields—Art and

become a great artist, as it is to become a great poet? and what is

the relative influence of each? Would two minds of equal power,

one using the medium of the brush for expression, the other the pen, receive the same amount of recognition from the public, were their efforts alike successful? And would they make an equal

impression upon the thought of the age?

To the second of these questions there seems to be, logicall) one answer that it is purely a matter of individual taste. To the

mastermind of Goethe, the two fields of labor appeared equally grand. His genius could not judge between them, and that he

became a poet instead of an artist, was, as we all know, the result of mere accident. In deciding the third question, no one gift has

ever made a great artist, in the true sense of the word. His work

has been the result of a full development of the ideal, the perceptive, the reflective, the mechanical and, in the highest instances, of the moral organs of the brain. In addition to the ideal, the perceptive and assimilating faculties, then, an artist must possess those

that will also give him rare technical skill. His thoughts can

not be at once transferred to canvas, but must, oftentimes, wait upon a slow manipulative process. He must have the power to

hold fast his thought, while guiding it through some slow, or while inventing some new, mode of expression. In fact, the entire scope

necessary for the achievefulness of the human intellect—is—the

ment of such work as that done by Michael Angelo, Kaulbach and Gustave Dore.

Take the first and the last of the three artists we have mentioned, and see not only how vast were the stores of knowledge they employed, but also how deep and far their thoughts reached into the problems of existence. Their works demonstrate for us

870 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that true art is never the result of ambition, that feverish desire for popularity, such as marks the greater part of our modern art work; but, thai it is either the outgrowth of admiration in the

presence of nature; deepfelt emotion, under the questionings of

life and fate, or the desire to express some message, or give answer to questions, thrust upon us from out the domain of the unknown.

There is a prominent fact in regard to the universal talents of artists, and that is, not only are they often fine painters, sculptors and architects at one and the same time, hut they are often excellent poets hesides. Michael Angelo is a noble example of this,

as designer of St. Peter's Cathedral, sculptor of the statue of

Moses, painter of the "Last Judgment"and writer of some of the most exquisite sonnets of his time. Something akin to this

is seen in the works of the French artist Dore. In invention

he appeared inexhaustible; in comprehension, limitless. Look

what a vast scope, what a range of thought is expressed in his life's work! Entering thoroughly into the minds of the greatest

authors of modern times, see how he interprets them for us! See

how he takes his stand by the side of Dante, in his marvelous illustrations to the ''Divine Comedy;"and by Milton, in those to

'Taradise Lost!"Look in succession at the grandeur of the

illustrations to the "Idyls of the King;"the weird, unearthly

scenes in Coleridge's "Ancient Mariner;"the solemn, rich landscapes of "Atala"and the awful, almost heartchilling, interpretations of the "Raven"of Edgar A. Poe. From the deepest

tragedy he can pass at will to the broadest, the most subtle humor, as the "Don Quixote"amply shows. His sympathy with childlife

is none the less marked than his other qualities, and of all artists who has so perfectly mastered the principles of the grotesque?

In sculpture he was as eminently successful. Not a sculptor of

France, but would be proud could he but claim the designing of that aweinspiring group of "Love and Fate."In whatever

direction his hand and brain were employed, like wonders were achieved. Through all the range of literature, can a name be

found that suggests more varied qualities of mind, or one of broader scope?

To follow this subject further.

William Blake, who made the famous illustrations to the

THE ARTIST VS. THE POET 871

"Book of Job,"was a poet of great ability; as witness the exquisite

verses called "The Garden of Love."Washington Allston, the

American painter, was, also, the author of several poems likely to live through many coming years, and D. Gabriel Rossetti, of

the English school, is as fine a poet as he is a painter. I lis

"Blessed Damozel"takes rank with all poems of a similar nature, while many of his minor poems are marked by the highest genius.

Rare, indeed, is it that the poet can turn with like success, to walk in the realms of art.

base A desire to dim the golden aureola of the poet—what

folly! My ingratitude! To attempt it—what presumptuous

thought is not to exalt the artist to the lowering of the poet, nor to make critical comparisons between the respective merits of poetry and the painter's or the sculptor's art. That, indeed, were

odious. My aim is to point out the artist's intellectual capacity

his position in the world as a worker, a thinker and a teacher.

The artist is generally quick in his appreciation of the work of his contemporary poet; much of his work is often done to interpret him. But after we have examined the sympathy felt by the

struggles in establishing new standardsartist for the writer—his

look at the reverse side. There we will find anof taste—let us

almost total absence of reciprocity in appreciation or aid. Wordsworth, keenesteyed of modern poets, was apparently dead to the

work of the best landscape painters of his clay. Sir George Beaumont, that selfelected dictator of the fine arts, receives recognition from him, vide "Elegiac Stanzas, Suggested by a Picture of

Peel Castle in a Storm."The work of B. R. Haydon, Esq., calls

forth a sonnet, and there is also a sonnet called "Upon the Sight of a Beautiful Picture,'; but in spite of this, he seems to have

been ignorant of the fact that the landscape painters of England had begun to approach and interpret nature in a manner such as had never been clone before, and were struggling against the affected taste of the age, as regards landscape, as he himself, and

Scott, and Byron, and Shelley were compelled to do.

Few of all the men that are supreme in literature understand those who are supreme in art. What did Scott, with all of his

wordpainting, know of the genius of Turner? Victor Hugo,

judging by his written words, can think of no one in art but

Ancrelo and Rembrandt, and even makes constantly false allusions

872 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to the work of the latter, such as "Rembrandt painting with a palette all bedaubed in the sun's rays,"a most faulty expression, for although Rembrandt does indeed put a ray of light stealing in somewhere in his pictures, it is not their main point. His

palette, it should rather be said, was bedaubed with night, for his pictures are the mystery of darkness.

Byron understood but little of art; of painting he said: "Of

all the arts, depend upon it, it is the most false and affected."

Sculpture he understood a little better, paying it several tributes in verse, the best known of which are those addressed to the Dying Gladiator, in "Childe Harold."Shelley upon the subject of

art may be said to be silent, at least in verse; and Elizabeth Barrett Browning, truthful and just as she generally is, when she

speaks of painting, is all at sea, with the rest of them.

The great lights of literature pay homage, in words immortal, to other great lights in the firmament of literature. Not

an artist has breathed who has had such encomiums as those that have been laid at the feet of Shakespeare. Jonson, Milton,

Dryden, Goethe, Carlyle, have each offered words of praise. Nor

must we forget, last though not least, the stupendous offering of Victor Hugo, whose marvelous summary of Shakespeare's place in the gallery of paralgenius—his immortelles—is without a

lel for force and power. Raffaelle, Angelo, Titian, Correggio,

perhaps, have been extolled the highest. And,Da Vinci—these,

later, Turner, the English landscape painter, in whose praise Ruskin, the art seer, penned his fervid descriptions, pouring forth his panegyrics "with that almost Roman severity of conception and expression which enables him to revel in the most gorgeous language, without ever letting it pall upon the reader's taste by affection of over lusciousness,"placing Turner side by side with

Veralum and Shakespeare, "equal stars in the annals of the light of England. By Shakespeare, humanity was unsealed to you

by Veralum, the principles of nature; by Turner, her aspect, lifting the veil from the face of nature"—but then Ruskin is also an

artist.

Art has not the same chance of reaching the hearts of the many, that poetry has. There are thousands—nay, tens of thousands of homes in which there is a wellselected library of books,

giving a perfect conception of the various lifework of the most

THE ARTIST VS. THE POET 873

eminent authors of all ages, but in which there may not be a single work of art that would give an adequate conception of even one great artist of even the present age. To get the same knowledge

of art it would be necessary for the possessor of such a library to visit the art centers—the many galleries of England, France,

Italy and Germany, and even there, under ordinary circumstances, the knowledge of art obtained by him would be but fragmentary, compared with the lasting impressions made by the calm and deliberate reading of authors, year after year, at home.

Early impressions influence us through life. And here the

poet and the artist may be said to stand equal. Youth is the age

of poetical impressions, but the young are also fond of pictures.

The means to gratify both passions are generally near at hand, though not in equal proportions. As shown in the foregoing paragraph, the book of poetry is easily reached; the good work of art

not so much so. It naturally follows that literature is better

understood by the young than art, and that the poet is nearer to the hearts of the peole than the artist. In the seclusion of the

library, or by the winter fireside, we can commune with the spirit of Milton; look with him upon the awful scenes of pandemonium,

or the blissful glades of Paradise. With him we can stoop to the

depths, or rise to the heights; but with England's ideal painter,

Martin, we have no such privilege; the very nature of his work debars him from us. We can not look upon his large canvases of

"Satan in Council,"the "Plains of Heaven,"or the "Bower of

Eve,"and yet, after all disparagements, those are glorious productions. It is only the few who are familiar with those works, and

consequently by the few only are they understood and appreciated.

The same comparisons can be made between Germany's greatand Kaulbach. Those were men of est poet and painter—Goethe

equal merit in their respective fields, but their work is by no means the drama of equally well known. We are all familiar with

"Faust,"the "Sorrows of Werter,"and all those other outpourings of Goethe's genius. Yet how many, outside of Germany at

least, are familiar with the cartoons of Kaulbach—any of the

works of his mighty mind and skillful hand? Still, what could

excel for grandeur of conception his "Hunnen Schlacht"—

Battle of the Huns, or, for analysis of human nature, that haunting picture called "The Mad House?"His design for the frieze

874 IMPROVEMENT ERA

on the New Museum at Berlin is a marvel. Thereupon are

shown, under the guise of childhood, the intellectual development of man, his hopes, his fears and his passions. Kaulbach was a

teacher whose works should be known in every home.

Byron and Scott! Who has not heard of them? Have not

their ideal creations become almost a reality? The influence they

wielded, and still wield, is not to be estimated. They are known

alike in the palace and the cottage. But not more than one in a

thousand of those who speak the English tongue knows of the world of beauty and grandeur created or delineated by their contemporary, Turner, although he stands like a giant in the domain said to oclandscape art—may be of modern art. His work—in

cupy a place, like the volume of Aeschylus, in the library of the his brush being more than equivMarquis de Mirabeau—alone;

alent for those of all his brother artists, and the contemporary descriptive writers of his day.

Let us come nearer home.

The name Longfellow is a household word; his romance of

"Hyperion,"his poems of "Hiawatha"and "Evangeline"are household treasures. But how few there are who speak of the

glowing and poetic canvases of Frederick E. Church, one of the

finest of America's painters; indeed, one of the finest landscape

painters of the world? Yet surely he ought to be better known.

His lovely picture of "The Icebergs,"those of the volcanoes of "Chimborazo"and "Cotopaxi,"realize for us the weird splendor of the frozen North, and the sensuous beauty of the South. The

"Niagara Falls"and the "yEgean Sea"are no less splendid achievements, and America could justly feel proud of them. What

inference must be drawn from all this, but that an artist and a poet of equal powers have not the same chance of becoming endeared to the many, and that the work of the former influence less than the latter the thought of his age? The poet then for the

many, the artists for the few. Especially does this remark apply

to the lesser lights in art. Indeed many artists of genuine talent,

are known only to a small circle of admirers, those immediately around them, while men of inferior talent in literature are known throughout the land. The magazine, of course, is the great disseminator of all classes of literature.

If we take the three graces, as Music, Poetry and

THE ARTIST VS. THE POET 875

Art are sometimes called, we will find the order in which they are named to represent their respective popularity

Music first, Poetry second, Art third. If we reverse the

order, we have the relative degree of difficulty in understanding greatest, Poetry second, Music least, Poetry occupythem—Art

ing the connecting link in each scale. Music appeals at once to

the heart without requiring knowledge of any kind. A beautiful poem often requires much education to thoroughly appreciate

it. To estimate either the "Iliad"or "Siegfried's Saga"at their

true worth, calls for at least some understanding of the Greek myths and the mythology of the Northern nations. Many paintings of the great masters, whether in landscape or figure, demand

a cultured taste, or a keen observation of nature before half their beauties can be felt or understood. Of course, there is art that

is simple and popular, such as the work of Birket Foster, the delineator of English rural life, or Landseer, or Rosa Bonheur those inimitable painters of animals, or of Thomas Faed, who has painted so perfectly the cottage life of Scotland; but this does

not affect the main questions. Nothing that they have painted is

as well known, or has reached the heart of the public, like the "May Queen"of Tennyson, or the "Elegy Written in a Country

Churchyard,"of Thomas Gray. The very acme of popularity

is reached when simple music lends its aid to simple verse, as in "Home, Sweet Home."Again, there is music thoroughly difficult

to appreciate, but still the relationship remains the same. "II

Trovatore"is less difficult to interpret than "Manfred;"that

again, less than Holman Hunt's "Light of the World."

artist, How perishable, too, is the most beautiful work of the and even of the architect, in comparison with that of the poet and the dramatist. Over a gulf of twentyfive centuries, the words

of Homer come to us as when they were first sung, but only a wreck remains of the Parthenon. His portraits of Jupiter and

Minerva still live for us, but the Olympian Jove and the Pallas of

Phidias we see no more. The glowing description of Juno and

her couch of flowers is as fresh as ever. The Venus Anadyomene

still have tragedies ofof Apelles, is now but a dream. We

Aeschylus and Sophocles, and poems of Ovid, and comedies of

Terence, but the Elgin Marbles are now but disfigured fragments.

Yet, if poetry chronicle the deeds of heroes, sing the praise of beauty and give "to airy nothings a local habitation and a name,"

H76 IMI'Ki )\l Ml NT I:K.\

art covers the earth with palaces and majestic cathedrals, carves the statue, covers the wall with glorious paintings, and keeps before our cvis the features of beloved ones gone. Between art and

poetry there can be n<> strife, only sweet companionship, giving to each other loving aid, and, to use the exquisite simile of

Keats, blending the thoughts of its greatest votaries, as the perfume of the violet blends with that of the rose.

G. N. Child, state director for Utah of the National Education

Association. Mr. Child is one of Utah's leading educators, having

been identified with the educational activities of the state for the past twenty years as teacher, principal, superintendent and supervisor. He is at present grammar grade supervisor of the Salt

Lake City public schools and president of the Utah Education

Association. Mr. Child's early education was received in the

public schools of the state and in the Brigharti Young University.

I le has a well established student habit which keeps him informed on the educational problems of the day and in close touch with the organizations and movements for improvement.

Education in Utah

BY LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, M, A.

"he story of Utah's educational development is a dramatic one and stands out as one of the most interesting subjects in

American History. While the State ranks only third in literacy

among the States of the Union, there are, nevertheless, more factors entering into our intellectual development than in any other state. These statements, I know, are sweeping, but may be

proved from our school and social statistics. The people of Utah

have always remembered that education stands for more than school training and books. With them, education has meant the

process that begins at birth and continues not only until the end of life, but for eternity. It is the process by which civilization is

obtained. Educational activity has been the dominant force in

Utah's history. There is a reason for this. Utah was settled by

the "Mormon"people. With them, it has always been a cardinal

principle that the "glory of God is intelligence,"and intelligence, therefore, is the glory of man. They firmly believe that

"Whatever principles of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection;

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."(Doctrine and Covenants.)

The inventory of the educational resources of Utah have been what Dr. Samuel T. Dutton, of Columbia University, says

must be the resources for all communities that are aiming at the higheSt in intellectual and moral pursuits. These resources are:

First, homes, churches, schools, and libraries; second, newspapers,

; third,magazines, museums, the drama, industry, and government

itthose intellectual and ethical aptitudes of the people which make possible for them to be quickened and influenced in the right direction.

Looking at the first group, we see the "four institutions which, in their educative powers, are greatest."I wish to speak of these

separately.

First as to the home. Among the "Mormon"people, the

home has been the centre of religious, social, and intellectual life.

In fact, Utah has always been noted for its beautiful homes from the earliest days to the present. Even when the entire country

was but a waste, the people made their surroundings beautiful by

srs IMPROVEMENT ERA

the planting of trees and flowers, and it was a custom, to dedicate every home to God. Their

history shows that the people have lived in homes where parents have been temperate, just, and kind;

and where children have been taught that work, honest work, is the activity most pleasing in the sight of God. The old

homes in Utah were centres of thrift and a high standard of morality. Children were supplied with

books and pictures, music and games; and were

brought in touch with the best their parents could obtain. The effect of all these

forces are seen today in the Utah home. In the city of

Beaver, thirtyfive miles from the railroad, I find that eight out of every ten families hame some musical DR. JOHN R. PARK instrument. Eighty per

cent of the families subFor many years head of the University of scribe to some first class Utah, and first State Superintendent of

Public Instruction magazine, and in the parlors of ten families, I found copies of the Atlantic Monthly, The Century Magazine,

Scribncr's Magazine, and other noted periodicals. In this, same

city, I found six subscribers to Die Wochc, the famous German publication. Children of the little city were learning good music

and the people took over an old United States Arsenal, and turned it into a first class high school. Beaver is typical of many towns

and cities in Utah. By comparison, I might add here that there

is more provincialism found within twenty miles of Boston than may be seen in the entire State of Utah. In the Utah home,

children have received that training which has determined their future careers. The home has been the center of all good thought

and activity; it has been and is now purely American, and is the

centre for the teachings of the Divine Master.

As to the Church, it has been a constructive force in our history. Religion has directed the people in all of their work, and

has affiliated itself with all the pursuits of life, and all the social forces in their history. To summarize their religious convictions,

EDUCATION IN UTAH 879

one might say that they believe in God the eternal Father and in his Son Jesus Christ; that the kingdom of God will be brought

to earth, when we have redeemed it, and made it beautiful and ready for God by our work and constant moral and intellectual progress.

It is, however, of the schools and libraries I wish to enlarge upon in this paper.

Utah has had a school system from the beginning of her history, and in 1851, the first school law was passed which provided for a uniform system of schools as far as possible, and provided in section 3 that every town and city support their schools by publigrcaxation. Each county was divided into school districts,

and this district became the political and ecclesiastical unit of government. It is interesting to follow the history of these districts and note the interest the people took in education by enforcing the law and supporting their public schools by taxes. The

; inTerritory of Utah extended over a vast area at that period

fact from Colorado on the east to the crest of the Sierra Nevada

Mountains on the west. Towns were far apart, and communication difficult. And yet we find the Chancelor and Board of Regents of the University of Deseret directing the schools through

the county courts, and working for system and proper training in them all. The ecclesiastical district called the "ward"was always

the unit, and in every ward, from its beginning, it was the rule to build the meeting and school house immediately after locating homes and planting crops. It appears from sources that the

schools were in a thriving condition in 1850, three years after the advent of the "Mormon"pioneers, for the Deseret Neivs, Nov. 27,

of that year, has this to say "Common schools were beginning in all parts of the city for the winter; and plans for the construction of school houses in every ward

were being made, with a view for a general system of school houses throughout the city. One plan had already been submitted, which

comprised three large school rooms, a large hall for lecturing a private study, reading room and library. A Parent or High School began

on the 11th of November: terms, thirty shillings per quarter, under

the direction of Chancelor Spencer. It is expected that teachers

crenerally will have access to this school, and through them a system of uniformity will be established for conducting schools throughout of nearly two tons with arrived has Woodruff Elder valleysthe in the arriving already are the states from Donations books.school of benefit for the apparatus and other instruments of scientificshape I. ApMr. library. W. for the valuable books also University;the

.., librarian. is,, theplebyP, the, of enclosing the superintend to appointed was committee "A erection the city, and the of east square mile oneUniversity grounds& correpossible Our as soon as them, around wall s tone goodof of all parts in held being were meetings public that saysspondent and of education; interests the for providing to and attending citythe advantage of intellects one be is expected to winter he present hat

to the people, which they seemed determined to improve.

880 IMPROVEMENT ER.-

And in 1852, Robert L. Campbell, the Secretary of the Board

of Regents of the University, says

"We are happy to report that many select schools are in successful operation combining the languages and the higher branches of education generally. Still there is room for a more full development of the

mental energies of our youth in their advancement in the classics, history, mathematics, and the polite literature of the ages, by which native talent and giant intellects of our young men who will shortly grace this stage of action may form a prominent phalanx of strength and wisdom in our nation's councils; who will guide the wheels of

government of our rising territory in her glorious achievements for liberty, of universal empire over mind, and the blessings of her free and flourishing institutions."

A TYPE OF CABIN SCHOOL FIRST BUILT IN UTAH.

In the same document, Mr. Campbell reports that the County

Court was seeing to the building of new school houses and the proper equipment of them.

In 1855, Governor Brigham Young, in addressing the Territorial Legislature, says

"Educational interests have flourished hitherto, with but little aid or encouragement from the Legislative Assembly. Should not this

subject be taken under advisement by this Legislature, and some well organized system be adopted, which will confer the blessing of at least a common school education upon every child, rich or poor, bond or free, in the territory, and which will establish and keep in operation at least one school where the higher branches are taught?

EDUCATION IN UTAH 881

"I am aware that much has already been done and great good effected by private enterprise throughout the settlements generally.

Though I am sanguine that no territory, so young as this, can boast of so many or such good school houses and schools; still there is a

lack, much remains to be done. The Legislature has appropriated

comparatively nothing for this object, and the appropriations of land by the general Government are at present, and a great share always will be, entirely unavailable.

"None is so much interested in this matter as ourselves. It would

therefore seem to be almost imperative upon this Assembly to extend their most reliable aid and influence for the promotion of learning.

And now, while we have peace and quietness in all borders, is opportune time to lay a foundation for the instruction of our children which shall grow with our growth, and strengthen with our strength, and extend it's influence around the children of the poorest and humblest citizen, as well as the most opulent and wealthy."

The Legislative Assembly receiving this message amended the school law, passed at the previous session, which divided the counties into new school districts, over which a board of trustees elected by the people should preside. A local tax should be levied,

and teachers examined by the local board. Examples are numerous as to how the many different towns and settlements lived up

to the law. The district of North Ogden was organized in 1851,

in the autumn of which the first school was opened. The school

house was built of pine logs, but this gave way to a much better and more commodious building, erected in 1856, by donation and local taxation. At this same time, the rooms were furnished with

homemade desks, stoves, maps, and a small library. In the fall

of 1851, a school house was built at the little town of Morgan on the main line of the Union Pacific Railroad, and this was superseded in 1855 by a far better building, erected by local taxation.

Again in 1874, another school house was built, the people of the town paying for it by donation and taxes. One of the most interesting examples we have of the enthusiasm of the people for the

maintenance of a school in their district is that of East Mill Creek in Salt Lake County. In the spring of 1848, several of the pioneers built cabins on Mill Creek, on the north side of the stream.

Among the most prominent of the settlers was John Neff, who built the first flour mill in the Territory. In March, 1856, the

district was organized for school purposes, and the first school house, erected by donation and local taxation, was built. The logs

for it were hauled from the canyon nearby, and were dovetailed and held together by wooden pegs. The furniture consisted of

"rough slab'benches/'and a teacher's desk made of slabs from a neighboring sawmill.

"The reader naturally asks here as to the first school in Utah, and herein lies an interesting bit of western history.

The first school in Utah was opened in October, 1847. The

teacher was Mary Jane Dilworth (Hammond), and an old military

882 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tent shaped like an ordinary Indian wigwam served as a school room. Rough logs were used for seats, and the teacher's desk

was an old camp stool, which had been brought across the plains.

Maria Dilworth Nebeker says in her autobiography "I attended the first school in Utali taught by my sister, Mary

Jane, in a small round tent seated with logs. The school was opened

just three weeks after our arrival in the valley. The first morning

we gathered before the door of the tent, and in the midst of our play, my sister called us and said, 'Come children, come; we will begin

now.'There were just a few of us, I think only nine or ten. One

of the brethren came in, and opened the school with prayer. I remember one thing he said. It was to the effect that 'we be good

children and he asked God that the school would be so blessed that we all should have his holy light to guide us into all truth.'The

first day, Marv Jane taught us the twentythird Psalm, and we sang much, and played more."

Mary Jane Dilworth (Hammond), Utah's first school teacher,

AS THE MORMONS FOUND UTAH

wa> of Quaker parentage, and was born in Westchester County,

Pennsylvania, July 29, 1831. Her parents were Caleb and Eliza

Dilworth, devout in their religion and steadfast in the adherence to principle. Caleb Dilworth's ancestors had taken an active

part in the settlement of Pennsylvania, and his father was soldier in the colonial army under George Washington. The family became independent, in fact had some means, and early in the forties, they emigrated to the "Mormon"centre of Nauvoo, Illinois.

They went through many of the harrowing persecutions of their people, and with the main body of "Mormons"made their way to

EDUCATION IN UTAH 883

Winter Quarters on the Missouri River, where they did their share in making preparation for the long journey of their people to the

Rocky Mountains. While at Winter Quarters, Miss Dilworth

taught a school in a little rock house. In 1847, she left with her

people for "the promised land of the far West."There were

some fifteen hundred souls in the company, under the personal direction and command of Jedediah M. Grant. Near Grand

Island, the company was met by Brigham Young, who was returning to Winter Quarters. It was here that he "set Miss Dilworth apart to teach a school in the Old Fort."W'hile on the

plains the "Mormon"emigrants taught their children, and we have accounts of how they were assembled at times for the purpose of learning from some good teacher, the leading facts of history and geography. In fact, education in Utah began on the

plains, for the people had been admonished by Brigham Young to continue the spirit of education that had been developed in the beautiful city of Nauvoo in the State of Illinois. They had

maintained schools there, and had organized a university. The

city had been pronounced by hundreds of travelers as one of the most moral cities in the Union, and far and wide was it noted for its civic life. In 1847, an epistle was issued to the people when

they were encamped upon the banks of the Missouri River, in which Brigham Young said:

"It is very desirable that all the Saints should improve every chart, or diagram that may contain inopportunityeducation—everyof securingbook, map,at least a copy of every valuable treatise on

teresting, useful, and attractive matter, to gain the attention of children, and cause them to love to learn to read; and also every historical, mathematical, philosophical, geographical, geological, astronomical, scientific, practical, and all other variety of useful and interesting writings, maps, etc., to present to the general church recorder,

when they shall arrive at their destination, from which important'and interesting matter may be gleaned to compile the most valuable works on every science and subject, for the benefit of the rising generation.

We have a printing press, and any one who can take good printing or writing paper to the valley will be blessing themselves and the Church.

allWe also want all kinds of mathematical instruments, together with rare specimens of natural curiosities and works of art that can be gathered."Those early days in Utah not only saw primary schools, but in 1850 was opened the first university west of the Missouri River.

The record of that "Parent school"has come down to us, and is a valuable document to show the State's early educational development. It tells us that the university "is for the training of teachers, and to bring our boys and girls in touch with the progressive

thought anfl educational activities of the age."

Down through the years before the advent of the railroad and telegraph, the people maintained their schools and those other

884 IMPROVEMENT ERA

factors that have entered into our educational development.

School houses were built of rock and adobe, although the first schools were as a rule, housed in log cabins. In those days, all

cooperated in building, and many school houses were erected upon the cooperative plan. An interesting example of this method of

work, which all economists now pronounce as the best and most effective and democratic kind of work, is found in the records of the Thirteenth Ward of Salt Lake City "Friday evening, Dec. 1, 1854. The inhabitants of the Thirteenth

ward met in the meeting house to consider the nature and extent of the improvement of the school. * * * A. W. Babbitt spoke of the

benefits of the common school. * * * The plan of the main building was presented by T. O. Angell. All the brethren spoke in favor

of building the main house, the estimated cost of which would be $11,770. Bishop Edward Hunter spoke of educating our children,

otherwise we were not worthy of them. A motion was passed proTHE OLD TWELFTH WARD SCHOOL HOUSE, SALT LAKE CITY

A Type of Building Erected by Cooperative Work viding for the repair of the present building, the building of a new fence, and the erection of outhouses. * * * The brethren were

asked to cooperate in this work, and to put in a certain amount of their time in promoting the work."

Many beautiful buildings were erected before ftthe railroad, buildings that were plain, but beautiful in their massiveness, stability, and simplicity. The old Twelfth Ward school in Salt Lake

EDUCATION IN UTAH 885

City is an example of these characteristics. Not only schools

were maintained from the beginning of their history, but the "Mormon"people have been great readers and collectors of books, and today, few homes in Utah are without a good library.

"In 1851, the first extensive library was brought by ox teams to this state. It had been purchased in New York City by Dr. John M.

Bernhisel, and was a wonderful collection of books. There were the

works of Shakespeare, Milton, Bacon, Byron, Homer, Juvenal, Lucretius, Virgil, Euripides, Sophocles, Plato, Montaigne, Tacitus, Spenser,

Herodotus, Goldsmith, and many others of the great masters of the world's best literature. The library received copies of the New York

Herald, New York Evening Post, the Philadelphia Saturday Courier, and the North American Review. Of the scientific works there were Newton's Principia, Herschel's Outlines of Astronomy, and Von Humboldt's

Cosmos. The treatises on philosophy included the works of John

Stuart, Mill, Martin Luther, John Wesley, and Emanuel Swedenborg.

These are but a few of the names found in the list. The books were

read by practically everybody, as it was customary for the people to meet in the several ward assembly halls, and to discuss the substance of the best works on literature, philosophy, science, and history. This

was the movement that gave rise to the establishment a few years later of the Mutual Improvement Associations throughout Utah."

In every ward of Utah, a library was established in connection with the Sunday Schools and Mutual Improvement associations from the very earliest days. The Twelfth Ward Library in

Salt Lake City contained some of the best of the classics, and many of the books were deposited in the library as early as 1855.

The cities passed resolutions and laws creating libraries in the early sixties, and in 1866, Provo, Lehi, Nephi, Salt Lake City,

Manti, Beaver, Fillmore, and other cities had their public libraries.

The following unique law passed in 1866, providing for a library in the town of Deseret is significant and tells a story that is well for us to remember An ACT to Incorporate the Deseret City Library Association it enacted by the Governor and Legislative Assembly Sec. 1.—Be

of the Territory of Utah: That Thomas Memmott, John Rowell,

Henry Roper, Isaac W. Pierce, Martin Littlewood and their associates

and successors are hereby constituted a body corporate, to be known and styled Deseret City Library Association, and shall have power to purchase, receive and hold property real and personal, to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, defend and be defended in all courts of law and equity, and to do all things that may be proper to carry into effect the objects of the Association, by establishing a library of books, maps, charts and scientific instruments, connecting therewith a reading room and lectures. And the above named persons are hereby

appointed a Board of Directors of said Association, until superseded as provided in the following section.

of seven Directors shall be elected by the memSec. 2.—A Board

bers of said Association on the second Monday of March, eighteen hundred and sixtysix, and biennially thereafter on said day, who shall hold office two years, and until their successors are duly elected;

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and they shall have power to appoint a president, secretary, corresponding secretary, treasurer and librarian and define their duties, and also to enact such bylaws as may be necessary to do all business of the

Association. A majority may form a quorum to do business, and

may fill any vacancy in the Board, until the next regular election.

Sec. 3.—This Association may raise means by the sale of shares

and by contribution and donation, for the purchase of books, maps, charts, etc., and for leasing or erecting suitable buildings for the

library, reading rooms and lectures.

Sec. 4.—Conditions of membership, admission to the library, reading rooms and lectures and the loaning of books or other property

shall be as provided by the bylaws of said Association.

Approved Jan. 17, 1866.

As a result of this early library movement, Utah contains today some most beautiful buildings, where the public may obtain books free of charge, and where they may go to study and read.

There can be no doubt but that the "Mormon"people have been great readers.

In the clays before the railroad, the schools and general progress of the people were noted by many writers from the eastern states. In fact the testimonies of these writers show a rapid

progress of the people intellectually and socially. Among them

are Howard Stansbury, Captain of the Corps of Topographical

Engineers, United States Army; Captain John W. Gunnison,

United States Army; Lieutenant Edward Fitzgerald Beale of the

United States Navy, and later envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to AustriaHungary; the Rev. A. M. Stewart of

the Presbyterian church; Col. D. C. Dodge, chief engineer in

building the Union Pacific Railroad; Leland Stanford of California; in fact a host of famous Americans have noted our early educational development.

Before the railroad, the theatre was built, and dramatic art was encouraged from the beginning of our history. There were

scientific and philosophical societies; the Seventies of the "Mormon"church maintained a Hall of Science, where meetings'were

held in which the "brethren"discussed the affairs of the day, and read scientific, religious, and philosophical treatises; there was a

Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society as early as 1856, and in every ward of Utah, there were established literary and religious societies called the Young Men's and Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Associations. Thousands of boys and girls,

and parents as well, have been enrolled in these organizations, and they have been a potent factor in our educational history. In fact

they are unique, and at no time in American history has there been anything like them. Today, they still are doing a wonderful

work among the young, and have an enrollment of nearly 100.000

members. In one of the meetings of a young ladies'meeting held

in 1869, a lecture was given on the "Importance of Bible Study,"

EDUCATION IN UTAH 887

a short talk on the life of Shakespeare, and a third party read and explained the play of Hamlet. These exercises were interspersed

with music. At a Mutual Improvement meeting held in a remote

town of Utah recently, the people listened to a talk on Goethe's life, together with an explanation of his Faust. During the

program, a young musician played parts from Gounod's Faust, and one young lady sang Wagner's "Evening Star"from Tanhauser.

So from the beginning of their history, have the people encouraged intellectual development in many, many different ways. Art has been encouraged, music in its best

form has been fostered. Handel's "Messiah"was given in

Salt Lake in 1866 to crowded houses. The leading artists

of the world have sung in our Tabernacle, Utah's children, like Maud Adams, have won distinction upon the stage, and FIRST SCHOOL HOUSE IN FILLMORE

M. M. Young and C. E. Dallin Built of red standstone and handhewn

have international reputation timber, with wooden pegs for nails in the realm of art.

When the University of Deseret took a forward step in 186768, it announced a high standard of courses. From the catalogue

of 187071, I take the following prescribed outline. How many

educators and teachers of today are prepared for the studies? It

shows the high regard in which the intellectual studies were held.

Truly with these people, the "glory of God and man is intelligence:"

CLASSICAL STUDIES

"Freshman Year "First Term.—Cicero (Orations), Latin Prose Composition, Xenohpon's Anabasis,

Greek Prose Composition, Higher Algebra completed, Natural Philosophy.

"Second Term.—Virgil's Aeneid, Latin Prose Composition, Xenophon's Anabasis,

Greek Prose Composition, Cubic and Biquadratic Equations, Natural Philosophy.

"Third Term.—Virgil's Aeneid, Latin Prose Composition, Homer's Iliad, Greek

Prose Composition, Geometry, Roman History.

"Fourth Term.—Virgil's Bucolics, Homer's Iliad, Greek Prose Composition, Greek

Testament (Gospels), Geometry, Roman History.

"Sophomore Year "First Term.—Cicero de Senectute, and Horace, Xenophon's Memorabilia, Greek

Testament (Acts of the Apostles), Geometry completed, and Plane Trigonometry,

Zoology. 888 IMPROVEMENT ERA

anc* Terence, (Philippics'), Demosthenes Greek -—Livy Testament/r>(Epistles), "? ECv0N oSphericalTerm Trigonometry and Mensuration, and Surveying and Navigation

Zoology. "Third Term.—Livy and Juvenal, Plato (Apology), Greek Testament (Epistles),

Analytical Geometry, Grecian History, Physiology.

"Fourth Term.—Tacitus (Germania and Agricola), Thucydides, Analytical Geometry completed, Grecian History, Physiology.

"Junior Year "First Term.—Differential Calculus, General Chemistry (inorganic), Rhetoric,

Political Economy.

"Second Term.—Integral Calculus, General Chemistry (organic), Rhetoric, Political Economy.

"Third Term.—Astronomy, Practical Chemistry, Logic, Botany, Mental PhiloSophy. "Fourth Term.—Astronomy, Practical Chemistry, Logic, Botany, Mental Philosophy.

"Senior Year "First Term.—English Literature, Natural Theology, Elements of Criticism, Moral

Philosophy.

"Second Term.—English Literature, Natural Theology, Elements of Criticism,

Moral Philosophy.

"Third Term.—Geology, Mineralogy, Analogy of Religion, International Law,

Constitution of the United States.

"Fourth Term.—Geology, Mineralogy, Analogy of Religion, International Law,

Constitution of the United States."

The schools of Utah were effective in their work, for from the earliest statistics of the United States, we find that Utah's educational standing has been exceptionally high. In fact so

clean has been Utah's system of government, so intellectual and moral have been her people, that as early as 1869, the American

Presbyterian, printed in Philadelphia, had the following to say from the pen of Rev. A. M. Stewart, who had spoken a few

months before in the "Mormon"Tabernacle:

"When driven from Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, and Iowa, the -wretched, starving, halfnaked fugitives started on a pilgrimage, which an army with banners dared not have attempted. * * * How,

under their condition, and without all perishing, they succeeded in traversing those fifteen hundred miles of reputed desert, seems even now a mystery. They settled, at length, upon a dry and apparently

barren soil, where thev hoped never again to see or be troubled with intruders. * * * Whatever purposes the Almighty has to subserve

with this strange mass of people hereafter, he has already effected purposes the most wise and beneficent, and for which no other agents seemed fitted. * * * * Salt Lake City is the most quiet, orderly,

and best governed city in the world. Among the "Mormons"there is

no disorder or outbreak; no profanity or intemperance. The city on

the Sabbath is as quiet and orderly as a rural parish in Scotland pr

New England. Whatever disorder there may be is created by Gentile

intruders. * * * The court house and theatre are substantial structures. ***** J3y suc h processes, coupled with economy,

industry, home manufacture, and consumption, that far inferior community numbering at present one hundred thousand, is fast becoming one of the wealthiest'communities in the world."

Quite a testimony is this. I take it that Dr. Stewart is sincere, for his church pronounced him one of the most honest of

men, and "a minister of grace in God's great cause."

The schools of Utah must have been productive of great

EDUCATION IN UTAH 889

results, for I find the following to be our educational standing in comparison to other states of the Union in 1870:

Illiteracy, Printing Comparative Statistics School Atcan't read Insane and Pubfrom Census of tendance, or write, Pauand Conlishing Church

United States, 1870 5 tol8 yrs. 10 yrs. & pers Idiotic victs EstablishEdifices

upwards ments

Utah 35 11 6 5 3 14 19 31 26 31 16 9 6 17 30 10 45 17 9 9 14 21 9 59 20 12 7 12 25 12 55 23 11 11 12 District of Columbia 27 40 23 35 9 11 9

California 24 10 41 22 19 14 9 "In 1877, when the school population of Utah numbered 30,792, there was invested in the Territory in school property the creditable sum of $568,984, being about eighteen and onehalf dollars per capita of the school population. In contrast

with this, take the amount per capita of their school population which some of the

States have invested in school property: North Carolina, $0.60; Louisiana, $3.00; Virginia about $2.00; Oregon less tan $9.00; Wisconsin less than $11.00; Tennessee less

than $2.50; Delaware less than $13.00."

During the last decade of the nineteenth century, the public school system of the entire United States was greatly improved

ONE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH BUILDINGS

Island, Massachusetts, Verupon. We find California, Rhode

mont, New York, Wisconsin, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Missouri,

Nebraska, Maryland, and all the states of the South making great school houses were headway in educational development. New

built, the standard of teaching was raised, and better scholarship required of scholars and teachers. So in Utah. Great advancement was made. All people contributed to the building of the

public school system, until today, we naturally ask, "How does

Utah stand in education among the states and territories of the

890 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Union?"The following table was compiled by Andrew S.

Draper, LL. D., and published some time ago in the Youth's

Companion. It will be interesting to note the place of Utah

among the other states of the Union in literacy "We have very exact information about the number of people in the United States who are illiterates. By an "illiterate"we mean a person who is ten years old or more

and can not write in any language. It is generally true that if one can not write he

can not read.

"The proportion of illiterates is smaller than it used to be. In 1870 there were

200 illiterates to each 1,000 of population; in 1880 there were 170; in 1890 there were

133; in 1900 there were 107.

"The accompanying table will show the number of illiterates to each 1,000 people in the various states in 1900.

"These figures are from the census, but a table from election returns showing the number of illiterate voters per thousand people in each state is so nearly the same that it confirms the substantial accuracy of the census figures.

"We have one fullgrown man who can not read or write in every nine voters.

We have no tests of exact comparison, but there are related and authentic figures which are more convincing than comforting.

ILLITERACY IN THE UNITED STATES

Iowa 23 South Dakota 50 Delaware 120

Nebraska 23 Maine 51 Nevada 133

Kansas 29 New York 55 Texas 145

Washington. 31 Oklahoma 55 Kentucky 165

Utah 31 North Dakota 56 Arkansas 204

Oregon 33 Vermont 58 Tennessee 207

Ohio 40 Massachusetts 59 Florida 219

Wyoming 40 New Jersey 59 Virginia 229

Minnesota 41 Connecticut 59 North Carolina 287

Illinois 42 Pennsylvania 61 Arizona 290

Michigan 42 Montana 61 Georgia 305

Colorado 42 New Hampshire 62 Mississippi 320

Indiana 46 Missouri 64 New Mexico 332

Idaho 46 Rhode Island 84 Alabama 340

Wisconsin 47 Maryland Ill c outh Carolina 359

California 48 West Virginia 114 Louisiana 385 "The figures give the number of illiterate persons in each thousand of population, as shown by the census of 1900."

Although Utah's school system today ranks among the best in the world, it is far from what the ideals of the people wish for.

There is not only the public school system maintained by taxation, but the different religious denominations maintain their schools, and it may be noted that the Latterday Saints University at Salt Lake City has possibly the highest standard of faculty of any high school in the United States. The head of the institution

is Colonel Young, late of the corps of engineers. United States

army, and a graduate of the Military Academy at West Point, and the noted universities of the world are represented in its faculty, including Harvard, Chicago University, Oxford, University of Berlin, University of California, Cornell, and others.

As the public school system is the glory of the American

Republic, so is it the glory of Utah. The people of the State

pride themselves on their schools as they do on their high ideals and desires to become rich in knowledge and power—that power

which is of light and high moral endeavor. Their school system

has been built up by the people as a whole. Not by one party,

one creed, one faction. The system has been formed by the union

EDUCATION IN UTAH 891

and cooperation of all sorts and conditions of people who have come to a firm conviction and realization in heart that "all men are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights."Utah has been an asylum for thousands of

the best people of Europe. Germans, Scandinavians, Scotch,

Irish, and the English have found their way to the far West, and have been taught the rudiments of American citizenship, and in becoming Americanized, they have learned the fundamental law of all good government, namely, selfgovernment. All the forces

they have been able to muster have been brought to influence the better ideals and attainments, the best men, the different Christian sects, the press, and the political parties, all have exerted a moulding influence.

Our school system has grown by the acceptance and adaptation of all the good things and best ideas of the world. Hundreds of young men return to our state every year from abroad

to bring with them new ideals, new motives and incentives, new plans for a better living. Books and pictures are purchased

abroad, and the average young man of Utah becomes acquainted through his traveling with Goethe, Lessing, Herder, Corneille, or Carlyle. Possibly no other state of the Union has so many

people abroad every year in comparison with her population as has Utah. All this goes to make the people broad and conservative in life.

In Utah the idea of universal education was outlined from the first. The circular letter issued by the chancelor of the University in 1850, certainly snaps of breadth and enthusiasm for all

that can be obtained for our intellectual advancement. In Utah

the children have been educated from the primary school upward.

The primary school came first, and in time the University was reestablished as the head of the public school system of the State.

In the United States we well realize that education owes little to paternalism. So it is in Utah. No creed or organization has

control of the minds of the people. The people have promoted

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH BUILDINGS

892 IMPROVEMENT ERA

education from the first, and it has grown with their growth, and gathered strength as the industrial and social conditions of the people have become better. Our schools have been democratic

from the first, and all that is good and true in the world at large, the people have tried to absorb. From the days of the overland

emigration by pony express to the time of the completion of the

ALL HALLOWS COLLEGE A CATHOLIC SCHOOL, SALT LAKE CITY

transcontinental railroad, and from the time of the advent of the railroad to the present, Utah has been not only provincial but cosmopolitan; sectional yet national; individual, yet loving the

influences of extraneous ideals and institutions.

The country has tended to create a hardy people, who hate the dilettante pursuits and who love hard work. For years it

was a struggle for existence. Such a life could not produce

cowards or effeminates. The people of Utah have naturally bred

within them a love for the home, for humanity, and for God.

They are free from the conventionalities of older communities, and are more given to. the belief that culture is not outward manners but inward grace and honesty of purpose. They believe

that schools should produce citizens in the highest sense of the term. In fact, their ideals are expressed by the immortal Jefferson in his famous words before the Virginia legislature at one

time "To form the statesmen, legislators, and judges, on whom public prosperity and individual happiness are so much to depend; to exEDUCATION IN UTAH 893

pound the principles of government, the laws which regulate the intercourse of nations, those formed municipally for our own government, and a sound spirit of legislation, which, banishing all arbitrary and unnecessary restraint on individual action, shall leave us free to do whatever does not violate the equal rights of another; to harmonize

and promote the interests of agriculture, manufactures, and commerce, and by wellinformed views of political economy to give free scope to public industry; to develop the reasoning faculties of our youth,

enlarge their minds, cultivate their morals, and instill into them precepts of virtue and order; to enlighten them with mathematical and

physical sciences, which advance the arts and administer to the health, the subsistence, and the comfort of human life; and, finally, to form

them to habits of reflection and correct action, rendering them examples of virtue to others and of happiness within themselves—these are

the objects of that higher grade of education, the benefits and blessings of which the legislature now propose to provide for the good and ornament of their country, the gratification and happiness of their fellowcitizens."

Upon her schools, Utah's future government depends. The

schools must produce men and women who are interested in the government of the state. The youth of our state are to become

the legislators and the officials. They will be exepcted to exercise the higher functions in the state according to the best of

American ideals. Native talent must be developed and character

building made the aim of our learning. Herein have the schools

their great mission.

Again the schools must influence for the building up of the proper home environment. The youth must be taught that the

home is the centre where life is begun and where all that is best emanates. We can never be a great and mighty commercial people; we can be a wise and good people. The big broad "God's

outof-doors"must be appreciated, and the magnificent mountains, lakes, and canyons, must influence us to very great ideals and to very great actions. Our schools must teach us to come to a

realization of our best selves, and that the best life is the life that finds its salvation not in formal Christianity and dogma, but in the "Gospel of work and redemption."Our education must

revert, however, to the ideals of a generation ago, wherein it was taught that the school is but one factor in life to make for the better self. The school must make the whole setting of life worth

more, and develop that wisdom and broad judgment that make good Christianity. They must give us that culture and education

described by Hamilton Wright Mabie in his Nature and Culture:

"For culture, instead of being an artificial or superficial accomplishment, is the natural and inevitable process by which a man copes into possession of his own nature, and into real and fruitful relations with the world about him. It is never taking on from without of

some grace or skill or knowledge; it is always an unfolding from

within into some new power; the flowering of some new quality

hitherto dormant; the absorption of some knowledge hitherto unap894 IMPROVEMENT ERA

propriated. The essence of culture is not possession of information

as one possesses an estate, but absorption of knowledge into one's nature, so that it becomes bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh.

It means the enrichment and expansion of the personality by the taking into ourselves of all that can nourish us from without. Its

distinctive characteristic is not extent, but quality of knowledge; not

NEW HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING, FILLMORE, UTAH. COST $20,000

scope of activity, but depth of life. It is, in a word, the process by

which a man takes the world into his nature and is fed, sustained and enlarged by natural, simple, deep relations and fellowship with the whole order of things of which he is a part."

So each and all may take the divine injunction of the Talmud:

"Not thine to complete the work, neither art thou free to lay it down."

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

LIBERTY PARK, THE WASATCH MOUNTAINS IN THE DISTANCE

Evolution of Education in Utah

BY DR. GEORGE H. BRIM HALL, PRESIDENT OF BRIGHAM YOUNG

UNIVERSITY

/ The Spirit with Which We Have Grown

The builders of Utah have worked under the inspiration of the thought that nothing is good enough that can be made better.

Even in the days of isolation one thousand miles beyond the border line of civilzation the power of that idea was manifest on every hand. The people of

Utah have always been in a state of healthy unrest. Not

the unrest of the nomad, moving on at the approach of the first near neighbor nor the unrest of the fidgety, faultfinding pessimist, but the unrest of upand-atit.

During the early days of Utah, progress was of necessity measured from within. There was nothing without with

which to measure. We

were in competition with ourselves alone, and yet things were done—great things.

Within ninety days DR. GEORGE H. BRIM HALL

from the entrance of the pioneers, a school was started and in less than four years a university was chartered. The Salt Lake tabernacle, celebrated

for its unique architecture and acoustic properties, and the Salt

Lake theatre which has held rank as a first rate theatre for over half a century, were built; and, too, that marvel of workmanship,

the Salt Lake Tabernacle organ, was produced when transportation was done by ox team; while the school house in the many

896 IMPROVEMENT ERA

centers of our colonial civilization stood as an evidence that this early isolated age was one of education,—all around, practical,

social, scholastic, and spiritual.

The mothers of that epoch had ambitions—not so much for

themselves as for their children, and these ambitions were reenforced by the religious conviction, that education is salvation, it was part of their creed.

In our log cabin on the east bench in Ogden, my mother taught me to read and cipher. She kept well our humble home,

caring for a quartette of little ones, even to the making of our shoes, while father was out in Echo Canyon blocking the way of the "Buchanan blunder expedition."

There are some things we evolve from; there are others we

evolve with. The evolution of our education has not been from

this spirit of getting the best, but with it. The idea, inspiration

and determination that gave the boy the best that could be given in the cabin home is with the aged matron today. She urges her

grandchildren to attend high school and to go on to college.

The pioneer heroines and heroes are passing away, many of them are already in the Great Beyond, but each in turn has carried well the torch of educational inspiration to the end of his or her station, on the great relay race of life, where it has been seized by others, eagerly waiting for their turn to bear it onward at a winning pace.

The following incident illustrates that the spirit of "getting an education"is still dominant in the humble homes of our state.

A representative of an eastern publishing company tells the following story

"I chanced to need entertainment in one of the towns in Sevier

County, and sought it at one of the village homes. Early in the

morning I found everybody at work, milking cows, putting up hay, etc.

A little boy of seven attracted my attention in particular. "Why do

you work so hard?"said I to the little sevenyear-old who was raking

hay. 'To keep Hugh at school,'was the reply."

Hugh was attending one of the normal schools of the state.

77 Evolution of the Educational Idea

The idea of eternal progress is behind the evolution of education in Utah. Her pioneer founders stood on a spiritual platform into which was written these three educational ideas, "The

glory of God is intelligence;""No man can be saved in ignorance;""Man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge."

These ideas heralded from the pulpit, and taught at the fire-

EVOLUTION OF EDUCATION IN UTAH 897

side, naturally permeated the atmosphere of the. school room.

They have never lost their hold in Utah. They have culminated

culin the educational ideas that dominate today—that breadth of

ture is preferable to breadth of domain—that winning without

work is not worth while, and that usefulness is the progressive end of education.

Said Brigham Young, Governor of Utah, in the year 1852, in his message to the legislature, "Deplorable, indeed, must be the situation of that people whose sons are not trained in the practice of every useful avocation, and whose daughters mingle not in the hive of industry."

Thirtyseven years ago Brigham Young founded a school, conditioning the perpetuity of his endowment on the teaching of the arts and trades in the institution. The educational idea that

has put manual training into our common schools today, domestic science, the arts, and agriculture into our high schools, and made the State Agricultural College a center of industry, is not an evolution from pioneer thought, but an evolution with pioneer thought.

Ill—Evolution of Implements of Education

; from the log We have evolved from the tent to the log cabin

cabin to the adobe building, and from the adobe building to palaces of brick and stone.

in an A little less than half a century ago, I attended school adobe school house, comfortable in the main, but of such quaint architecture that it was nicknamed "the old gypsy with a pipe in her mouth,"and really the resemblance justified the title.

I had the On the 17th day of the first month of this year honor of delivering an address at the dedicatory services of a fifty thousand dollar high school building in the town where once the adobe gypsy sat on her cobblestone foundation.

The basement of the old house had no windows, and was used as a cell where the big boys imprisoned the little ones during the noon hour. The basement of the new structure is a well

equipped gymnasium and swimming pool. The playground of

the old was two streets and part of a 12x12 lot; the campus of

the new is a tenacre field near the hill on which the magnificent building stands. We lighted the old with tallow dips and candles

the new is illuminated with electricity. The old was heated with

a stove stuffed with wood and brush (I remember one cold day we all turned out and gathered weeds to feed the ancient furnace.)

In the new the heat is furnished by modern radiation. In the old,

; in the new thesat the wooden bucket with the tin dipper in it

sanitary fountain gushes. In the old was the slab bench; in the

898 IMPROVEMENT ERA

new are hardwood settees and opera chairs. Libraries and laboratories were things undreamed of in the old, while in the new

provisions are made for both.

rest, but we must confess This is enough—let fancy do the

that our educational realization in the matter of buildings and equipments has surpassed all idealization of half a century ago.

IV—The Evolution of the Curriculum

The three R's constituted the early day essentials of education.

There was little time for more. To this requirement subject after

subject has been added until it is becoming a question whether or not a pupil has time for the three R's, in which event we have without adevolved from not zvith our fundamentals—a growth

vancement.

As we are little more than on the threshold of advancement with our secondary schools, very little can be said concerning the curriculum, except that the general trend is towards providing for the community needs and individual aptitude.

V—The Evolution of the Institution

We quote from Whitney's History of Utah the following:

"The University of Deseret, under the title of the Parent school, was opened for the first time on Monday, November 11, 1850, in Mrs.

Pack's house, 17th Ward, under the direction and supervision of

Chancellor Spencer. Dr. Cyrus Collins, A. M., a sojourner in the

city, on his way to California, was employed for the time being to take immediate charge of the school. Later, Dr. Collins retiring,

Professor Orson Spencer and William W. Phelps, and later still Professor Orson Pratt became preceptors. Owing to a lack of room the

. school was at first organized for 'yovmg men only,'but a separate

department for young ladies was contemplated. The tuition was

eight dollars per quarter, half payable in advance. The second term

of the Parent school opened in February, 1851, in the upper room of the Council House, corner of East Temple and South Temple streets.

"Forty pupils, male and female, were then enrolled, the idea of a separate department for ladies having been abandoned. Subsequently

the school was held in the Thirteenth Ward, where the university building was projected. A few years later the Parent school collapsed, the common schools established throughout the city and territory being deemed sufficient for educational purposes at that time.

Until the revival of the University in 186769 the common schools, so far as possible, supplied its place."

It is plain that from the beginning the educational institutions have been coeducational. Our higher institutions have freEVOLUTION OF EDUCATION IN UTAH 899

quently come up through the grades and secondary schools to the college and university.

VI—Financial Support

From a standpoint of financial support we have passed through several stages. First stage, local taxation for buildings

and applicances only; second stage, state and local taxation for

partial payment of tuition; third stage, state and local taxation

for full payment of tuition, and fourth stage, for free text books.

VII—Evolution of the Educational Unit

The educational unit for many years was the county, subdivided into districts with a board of trustees managing each district, and a superintendent. Later, cities of the first and second

classes were made educational units, with a superintendent, and provision made for county consolidation at the option of the voters.

The public high school has been latest in its development.

Until the last decade the high school work was done for the greater part by the University of Utah, the Utah State Agricultural College, the Salt Lake City and Ogden high schools, and the various denominational schools.* These schools carried on the

high school work with great credit when the state was financially unable.

The state is at present in what may be styled the high school era. Beginning with the establishment of high, schools at the

expense of the locality, and terminating with the establishment of high school units or districts composed of counties or parts of counties, at the option of the voters in those districts. All building and furnishing expenses are provided for by local taxation.

The teaching expense is provided for by tuition, special local tax, and a per capita state appropriation.

The University of Utah, as most of the other institutions of higher education in the state, has come up through the elementary school; the secondary school, (which in most instances has been

a normal school preparing teachers for the elementary schools,) to the college and university.

Today our state University has a school of mines; well

equipped departments of engineering; a teachers'college, and

departments of medicine and law, as well as a normal training school of high repute.

VIII—The Evolution of the Teacher

If it be true that the teacher is the soul of the school, then

*An article in this issue of the Improvement Era by General Superintendent of Church Schools Horace H. Cummings reviews the work of

the Latterday Saint system of schools.

900 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the schools of Utah have, as a rule, never been smallsouled.

Civilization in her invasion of the American desert resorted to unusual tactics. There was not a gradual advance of the everrising tide, but the sudden heaving forth of a mighty wave from

the banks of the Missouri over the summit of the Rockies carrying with it the aggregation of the ages; skilled artisans and

scholars from Europe, people of culture and refinement from the

Eastern and Southern states, and characters of strength in practical affairs from Canada and the then Western states of the

Union. Cosmopolitanism characterized the communities from

the first, while conditions tended to a rapid amalgamation of interest.

Inspiration, Indians, and irrigation are responsible for the village method of settling and developing Utah. This system of

settlement had a tendency to accelerate and economize the application of skill and ability.

The pioneer teacher of Utah was Mary Jane Dillworth (Hammond), a talented maiden of seventeen, whose portrait deserves a place in every school house in the state. She taught in a

tent where pieces of logs served for benches and a camp table for a desk.

Education in Utah has had no backwoods era. Fifty years

ago this winter my teacher in the little hamlet of Cedar Fort was the honorable Zerrubbabel Snow, a member of the first supreme court of the territory of Utah, and a friend of Daniel Webster, while the latter was secretary of state. Over forty years ago,

in the little town of Grafton, on the Rio Virgin, it was my good fortune to come under the training of one of the best teachers

I have ever known, in the person of Henry I. Young. In makeup

he seemed to me the prototype of the author of the Monroe Doctrine, whose picture was in my geography, and in disposition I thought of him as I did of Washington. In my early teens the

great man of our town was my teacher, Silas Hillman, a man of eastern training. He was justice of the peace and a general legal

adviser of the town folk.

Then later I had the good fortune to become educationally intimate with Robert Campbell, a scholar of whom it is said, "He worked all the time;"John Morgan, the father of commercial

schools in Utah; T. B. Lewis, with a soul akin to that of the

present incumbent of the office of State Superintendent, A. C.

Nelson, which position he once held; John R. Park, college bred,

who came to Utah, taught the village school at Draper, successfully stood for many years at the head of the faculty of the parent education institution of our State, and rendered yoeman service to the state as superintendent of public instruction. Dr. Karl G.

Maeser, Germantrained pedagogue, none too big to teach a disEVOLUTION OF EDUCATION IN UTAH 901

trict school, and none too little to work out and direct a magnificent educational system. J. B. Forbes, one of the first persons

in Utah to establish a free school. For a decade and a half before

free tuition was state wide, American Fork, Mr. Forbes'home

town, had free schools.

Glancing back over this lineup of departed educators, with the famed philosopher and mathematician, Orson Pratt, at their head, and seeing also the community leaders still with us who have retired from teaching, and then viewing the multitude of trained teachers at this noblest of all tasks, it can be said of Utah, "She has had no cause to plead pedagogical poverty."But by pedagogical poverty I do not mean to say that teachers are as a rule

on "Easy Street;"I mean that from the first the teachers of the

schools of Utah have been good teachers.

IX—Evolution of Teacher's Pay and Preparation

The teacher has not received relatively his share of what has been created by honest toil. Often he has taught school because he loved the work and those for whom he worked, while he

has been forced to make most of his "living"on the side. His

vocation was not as compensative as his avocation. But the evolution of pay has gone on, beginning with what he could collect

with sack on his arm, or pushing a wheelbarrow, or with some borrowed team, and up to the present, when the bank check is regularly mailed. There are instances now where the teacher

receives more for one month's service than he did for six months'service four decades ago.

The day may be dawning when our educational motto may apply to the teacher in a twofold way: Get the best preparation

and then get the best salary. Here are a few pointers I quote

from the Journal of Education:

"A year ago there were but three cities in the United States that paid salaries higher than $6,000 for city superintendents. New York

and Chicago paid $10,000 to their superintendents, and were in a class by themselves. Seattle paid $7,000. Today New York pays $12,000;

Chicago, Boston and Cincinnati pay $10,000, and Philadelphia and

Pittsburg $9,000."

Surely the world moves educationally, if the salaries of superintendents have any significance.

X—The Rise of the Stepping Stone

It has sometimes happened that school teaching has been made a stepping stone to something else, say law, medicine, en902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gineering. Rut the stepping stone has stepped up. In the face

of the following it would appear that teaching is very near the door of honor. From the Journal of Education we quote: "The

fraternity rejoices in the election of Woodrow Wilson, as President of the United States."The evolution of the teachers'income has lagged behind the requirements made of him. For a

new candidate to receive recognition as a permanently certificated teacher today, for the elementary schools, four years'high school training, supplemented by two years in the college, is required.

For full recognition in the high schools of the state, a requirement of a four years'college course, with a four years'high school, course, as a foundation, is demanded.

From the fact that the other professions, requiring no more preparation, are much more remunerative in this state, it must be seen that in order to get its share of the best talent, the teaching profession must expect to increase the teacher's compensation, even if some other educational output must be curtailed.

No one can hope for a greater proportionate revenue for education than the state of Utah allows, but the real educational growth of the state will demand a change in the distribution of the finances. It may not be possible to have buildings, furnishings and fixtures that are too good, but it is quite possible that

we have a teaching force that is too poor.

The faculties of our higher institutions of learning are made up, in the main, of men and women who have done graduate and undergraduate work in institutions of the first rank in both America and Europe. We have done more than supply our own faculties with the majority of its members, for Utahns are to be found

upon the faculties of a number of America's leading colleges.

In conclusion we present a summary of some of the educational results growing out of our educational effort: Utah made

the first appropriation for an annual Art Exhibit. Utah was one

of the first states to make the Kindergarten part of its public school system. Utah made the first appropriation for the National

Education Association, excepting perhaps California. Utah

devotes 86 per cent of her taxes to Education, and her educational edifices are among the best in the land. Utah has always

stood near the head of the list in respect to literacy, for many years standing third.

The report of the United States Commissioner of Education (18901910) shows that Utah and Iowa lead the United States in their percentage of secondary school students, these being the only two states that have over 20 per 1,000 of population.

PROVO, UTAH LOOKING DOWN THE RIVER AT THE NARROWS IN OGDEN CANYON

The roadway in this scenic canyon is doubtless the best in the mountain country. From Ogden it extends twelve miles east to Ogden

valley, through mountain scenes unequalled in the Wasatch range. A

trolley road leads up the canyon for several miles.

The Utah Public School System

BY A. C. NELSON, STATE SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION

While it is our province to write of the present condition of the public school system, and not of the history of education in Utah, it will not be out of place, as a prefatory remark, to say that in Utah there have always been schools. Our

schools began when Utah began and they have grown as Utah has grown. An examination of the history of thirtyeight

towns shows that in every instance a L- 1 school was opened during the first year of their history. The

second act of the first legislative assembly, which convened three years after the arrival of the first settlers, was the passage of a measure providing for of a the establishment w *.university. The planting and cultivation of

crops and the building of homes necessarily claimed first attention, but the establishment of schools

HON. A. C. NELSON, STATE SUPERINTENDENT,, was soon begun, and OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION, UTAH frQm J, fcpresent time there has been a gradual and consistenteducational

growth.

TESTS OF EFFICIENCY Judged from the standpoint of literacy, Utah stands among the first of the states; measured by the ten tests of efficiency, ap-

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

plied to the state school systems by the Division of Education of; rethe Russell Sage Foundation, Utah holds a position of honor

garded from the achievements of its students and the character of its citizens, it merits a full share of credit and distinction.

For many years Utah has stood third or fourth in the sisterhood of states in point of literacy. Only two and onehalf per

cent of its population over ten years of age are unable to read and write. These are found almost exclusively among the foreign

element in the mining camps, where also are found a large percentage of college graduates governing the great mining industry for which the state is universally noted.

The ten tests, applied by the Division of Education of the

Russell Sage Foundation, to determine the efficiency of a school system, are as follows

1. The number of children in school 6. School attendance.

2. School plants. 7. Expenditure and wealth

3. Expense per child. 8. Daily cost of schools.

4. Number school days per child, 9. High school facilities.

5. Length of school year. 10. Salaries

Judged from these ten tests, Utah stands fourteenth among the fortyeight states of the Union.

When the work of the schools has been exhibited in competition and passed upon by educational experts, the results have been most favorable. At the St. Louis Exposition, held in 1904,

the grade schools of Salt Lake City received a gold medal, placing them in the second rank; the high school a silver medal, placing it in third rank; the State Normal Training School received

a gold medal. The grand prize, the highest award given to any

school was secured by the State School for the Deaf, Dumb and

Blind.

The credits of the State University are accepted at their face value by the highest educational institutions of the land. The

State Agricultural College ranks with the best. The president

of that institution, himself a Utahn, is recognized everywhere as an authority on the work of his chosen profession.

In regard to the achievements of some of Utah's students, the attention of the reader is directed to the following brief excerpt taken from the Journal of Education, January, 1913, published in Boston by Dr. A. E. Winship, a venerable educator who

is recognized throughout the nation as an authority on conditions which best promote the educational welfare

"Today one little county in Utah has in the world's arena, some of the best artists, sculptors, singers, and instrumentalists in America, more,

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA

probably, than any state of ten times its population. In Boston, alone,

last year a Utahn won the highest prize in sculpture, musical composition, and on the violin. One of the prizes of the National Federation

of Musical Clubs goes to a Utahn."

Not only is this true of art and of music, but it is also true that Utah has produced writers and actors of note. In history,

in law, in science, and in government, our students have made marked progress. It is a matter of common knowledge that

Utah students who enter Harvard, Johns Hopkins, Columbia,

Chicago, Wisconsin, and similar universities, often excel in their classes. The excellent standing of these students is due largely

to habits of sobriety and right living. With the students, so with

the teachers throughout the state, practically all of them refrain from the use of tobacco and intoxicants.

ATTENDANCE AND EXPENDITURES

Today, in the public school system of the state, 95,000 children between the ages of six and eighteen years receive instruction. There are 115,000 school children in Utah, but several

thousands of these attend private schools. The children are

taught in 700 school buildings, the value of which is $8,000,000.

The expenditure for school purposes has now reached the sum of $4,000,000 per annum, which means an expenditure of $35 for each pupil of school age, or an annual tax of $11. to each person

in the state.

UNITS OF ADMINISTRATION REVENUES

Utah has three units of administration in its school system.

One is to be found in the first and the second class cities; one

in the consolidated districts of the first class; the other in local

common school districts. A city of at least 50,000 population

belongs to the first class; a city between 5,000 and 50,000 to the

second class; school districts of the first class must have a population of at least 2,000 children of school age.

The schools in cities of the first and the second class, five in number, are governed and controlled by their respective boards of education. A board of education in a city of the first class

consists of ten members, onehalf of whom are elected biennially for a term of four years; a city of the second class has a board

of education consisting of five members, one of whom is elected every year for a term of five years. In cities of the first class,

school boards are authorized to levy a tax of six and onehalf mills for general maintenance and one and onehalf mills for building purposes; boards in second class cities with an assessed valuation

THE UTAH PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM 909

of at least $10,000,000 have the same taxing power. In second

class cities with less than $10,000,000 assessable property, school boards may levy eight and onehalf mills for general maintenance and one and onehalf mills for buildings.

The members of the boards of education in county school districts of the first class are elected for a term of four years.

The elections are so conducted that some of the members are always experienced in their duties. The boards have authority

to levy from ten mills to fifteen mills for general maintenance and building purposes, according to the assessed valuation of their respective districts.

The local or common school district boards consist of three members, one elected annually for a term of three years. These

local boards have a taxing power of ten mills.

In addition to the taxing power of the boards in these respective units of organization, additional funds may be raised by a vote of the qualified electors. All cities and districts receive

their pro rata share of the three mill state tax for graded schools and of the county school tax, which may not be more than four mills on the assessable property of the county. All high schools

in the state which are maintained upon the standard fixed by the

State Board of Education receive their pro rata share of the funds derived from the state high school tax, which consists of onehalf mill of the eight mill state tax. From these sources of

revenue come the $4,000,000 which are raised and expended annually among the public schools of Utah.

SCHOOL BUILDINGS

The school plant, as before intimated, is one of the factors which has much to do with a school system. With school buildings this state is well supplied. The little one room rural school

house is now almost unknown in Utah. There are perhaps not

more than a dozen such buildings in the state. Practically every

community has a school building which adds to the beauty of the place and which contributes to the health and comfort of the child. With the exception of the Salt Lake City high school

building, which is being erected at a cost of onehalf million dollars, the accompanying likenesses are of buildings such as are being constructed in many parts of our commonwealth. It will

be noted that some of these buildings are more or less remote from the centre of population. During the last five or six years

nineteen high school buildings have been erected ranging in cost from $25,000 to $100,000. In every case these buildings have

been fully equipped with modern conveniences. A brief description of one of them may aid the reader to form a more ade-

r

e u.s s

sgu|

.S.S S * U THE UTAH PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM 911

quate idea of the buildings in which the children receive their school training.

The Carbon county high school building with its furnishings cost approximately $100,000. It is built of reinforced concrete

and is absolutely fireproof throughout. It covers threefifths of

an acre of ground and contains more than one and onehalf acres of floor space. Outside, it is cement plastered and finished with

Caen stone color water proofing. The ground floor contains the

gymnasium, the domestic science and art department and the manual training department. The gymnasium is 50x75 feet. It

has a running track, a number of shower baths, and a 25x40 foot swimming pool. It also has a spectators'balcony. The domestic

science rooms are equipped with electric, gas, and coal ranges.

CARBON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL, PRICE, UTAH

In connection with the domestic science department there is a model dining room and also a lunch room for the boys and another for the girls. The building contains its own gas plant used

chiefly for the chemical laboratories and for the domestic science department. The first floor has an auditorium with a seating

capacity for five hundred persons. Leading from the gymnasium

on the ground floor to the auditorium is a spiral stairway, over which the gymnasium performers may pass to and from the stage of the auditorium without in any way disturbing the audience.

On the floor also are two locker rooms equipped with steel lockers, two retiring rooms for teachers, and the principal's office.

The second floor contains the physical and chemical laboratories, a lecture room, and music and art rooms. Throughout the building there are the latest designs in plumbing and heating. The

building is equipped with an electric plant. This lighting is of

the indirect type which approaches more nearly to daylight than any other artificial light known. Besides the rooms already mentioned, there are eighteen regular class rooms. The likeness of

the building shows that it is a structure of architectural beauty.

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA

TEACHERS

Much as are to be desired commodious and comfortable school buildings, attractive and sanitary surroundings, the most modern and improved equipment, still they are all of secondary importance to the character and qualifications of the teachers.

During recent years somewhat rigid legal requirements have enhanced the teaching efficiency in the schools. No person is now

eligible to take the examination for the purpose of securing a teaching certificate valid in the common schools until such person has acquired either three years of successful teaching experience or four years of high school training and about onehalf year of normal school work. Graduates of normal training schools

which require their students to complete two years of work beyond

* 'L. &'ffr "uJ ilf

1 Hi! miir fit m ill II Hill in Mill mi; i

jpfjWHf i 1 pugm8S

SPANISH FORK, UTAH COUNTY, HIGH SCHOOL

a four year high school course, or its equivalent, are given teaching certificates without examination. A greater number of such

qualified persons are entering our schools each year. They are

well prepared, especially after one or two years of experience, to give valuable service. The increased preparation required of

teachers has contributed to a rise in teachers'salaries. The

average monthly salary of the common school teachers in Utah is, male, $85; female, $65.

HIGH SCHOOLS A remarkable impetus was given to the high schools when in 1911, state aid was secured and the high schools were placed under the direction of the State Board of Education. Utah is

one of the few states giving state aid to high schools; last year

THE UTAH PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM 913

the state contributed $20.90 for each student who had been in

attendance at least twenty weeks during the year. To be eligible

to participate in the state high school fund, schools must follow the prescribed course of study; they must provide adequate

equipment for the courses which they offer; they must remain in

session at least thirtysix weeks during the year, including holidays; they are required to employ teachers who hold state highschool certificates or diplomas. As these certificates represent

scholarship equivalent to a degree from a standard college, including credits in the professional subjects, it is apparent that high school teachers are required to undergo thorough preparation for their work. A state high school inspector works under the direcIIIGH SCHOOL, AMERICAN FORK, UTAH

tion of the State Board of Education, who visits the schools frequently and gives such aid as may be required.

The course of study aims to train for efficient citizenship.

In the course of study, the fact is not lost sight of that the high school owes a duty to those seeking higher education, but the dominant idea is not that the function of the school is performed merely in preparing its students to enter college. It takes into

account the fact that many high school students do not enter college at all, but that practically all of them enter civic and industrial life and that they should, therefore, receive the best possible training for civic and industrial success. It is recognized also

that the schools should train young men and women for useful914 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ness in their own community. Heretofore, the rural high schools

have been feeders to the college and to city life. The high school

is now seeking to readjust itself to the needs of the particular community in which it is situated. Courses are given in agriculture, outside of mining districts and first and second class cities.

Courses in domestic art and science are offered, that the girls may become acquainted with household duties. Courses in music,

commercial branches, and subjects leading to the professions are also given. But one of the main purposes now sought in the

rural high school is to educate the stronger youth toward the farm and to industry instead of toward the professions and business exclusively.. The greatest change in the Utah school system during recent years has taken place in the high schools. Only a

decade ago, there were but four or five high schools in the state.

Today there are forty. High school privileges are now accessible

practically to all of the youth who are prepared to pursue courses in secondary instruction.

LIBRARIES A word should be said of the public libraries. Recent legislation has made it the duty of the State Board of Education to

promote the establishment and maintenance of libraries. School

boards are required to set aside annually from the local school fund, a sum equivalent to fifteen cents for each child in the district of school age, which sum is expended for books recommended by the State Board of Education. The schools throughout the state now have libraries well adapted to the needs of the

pupils. In addition to school libraries there are between twenty

and thirty public libraries in various towns and cities. Since the

beginning of the librarygymnasium movement, gifts aggregating $70,000 have been received from Andrew Carnegie. Other gifts

from private and public organizations have contributed to the establishment of municipal libraries which are a distinct credit to the cities in which they are situated.

CONSOLIDATION About eight years ago, a law was enacted providing for the consolidation of small school districts into larger units of organization. Seven of the twentyseven counties have already taken

advantage of the benefits of this law and several other counties will doubtless consolidate their districts within a comparatively short time. In these consolidated districts, there is an equitable

distribution of school funds. As a tax is levied upon all the

assessable property of the county, sections with much corporate property necessarily contribute to the support of sections less favored in this respect. Consolidation admits readily of the appointment of efficient supervisors; of a desirable grading, both of

THE UTAH PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM 915

teachers and of pupils; of economy in the purchasing of supplies

and of a more efficient school administration throughout.

SUMMARY

While, as before stated, there has been a consistent development in the schools of Utah from the beginning, it is only fair to say that the schools have made especially commendable progress during recent years. The citizens have responded readily

and generously to any requests which have appealed to them as beneficial to the schools. During the last decade we have changed

our school law, and therefore our standards, so that now we have

MT. PLEASANT HIGH SCHOOL, SANPETE COUNTY, UTAH

free, uniform text books, uniform state examinations for teachers, uniform examinations for eighth grade pupils, school libraries, better organized county teachers'institutes, a committee to prepare a state course of study, county consolidation of districts, a committee to approve school house plans, and medical inspection in city schools. Now our high schools receive state aid when

they reach such standard of efficiency as is prescribed by the State

Board of Education. Ten years ago, an eighth grade graduate

was eligible for examination for a teaching certificate. Now four

years of accredited high school work and at least nine hours in the professional subjects are required for entrance to the examination. The requirements for state certificates and diplomas

have been greatly increased. A state high school diploma then

represented scarcely more than one year's work of college grade.

is required.Now a full college course or its undisputed equivalent

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Corresponding increases have been made in the requirements for grammar grade diplomas and state five year certificates. Largely

through these requirements the schools have grown in influence and efficiency. They are not perfect, but they are responding in

an encouraging manner to our necessities and to the praiseworthy ideals of our people.

[Superintendent A. C. Nelson, who has faithfully and efficiently

served Utah as Superintendent of Public Instruction since the year 1900, is a man who stands as well with the leaders in education in the

United States as in our own State. Here is what Carrol G. Pearse,

Superintendent of Milwaukee Public Schools, wrote last August: "Mr.

Nelson is known to me, as he is to all the men engaged in school work throughout the country, as a splendid type of western educational leader, a man who commands the respect of all his associates throughout the country; and who is regarded by them with the warmest feeling of personal friendship."

M. G. Brumbaugh, Ph. D., LL. D., Superintendent City Schools,

Philadelphia, says of our state superintendent: "I count Superintendent Nelson one of the kingly men in the profession, able, alert, progressive, sane, and lovable."

G. H. Harris, State Superintendent of Louisiana, writes: "I

consider Superintendent Nelson one of the strongest superintendents in this country. He is so considered by thousands of men who annually attend the N. E. A."The Editors.]

A SCENE IN EMIGRATION CANYON THE RAILWAY WINDING

OVER THE HILLS i i ii

i u JCJ +-> c cu O 'Ejo s Baa eW CU CO 13C t< i—i—bio CO o On

on > rt -1a toj i—

en VO *0 3- 'flj t a (/-,.o

a; a -C CM en W cu cu +j TO -->en s i—G CU ua

CM J*0 CON 03 rH.- c

CO cunl.a+J

c-c

O +-1 *?CO.a

cu o

CO J3 -

CU CU tn i-i a as.OJCU *-J73 C/] o fe

-4-J fajo o cuQ l-H S CB 4= cu -abfl rhoj cmCM b/D5 S CM

au 03 ccu T3a cua 1- cu > Oh c

cu c3 S-9 fcuo'o cu o53 Oen <m 'T3 O h-H rt CM >> en o a O cu ><-ia Oh CU AA- O

CU

-H CU rt cu—O00.2t*n3 b cu r a cy *T3a rt CO C o3

E M ocu.u o;aa.au

Organization and Government of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

BY JOSEPH B. KEELER, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

"In the founding of his overhated Church, Joseph Smith displayed a consistent genius for organization and government that has baffled the best conceived plans of enemies, bent on undoing his work, during three generations, and half of a fourth."

That is the opinion of a non-"Mormon"writer, Doctor Webb, who recently gave a lengthy review of some of the doctrines and policies advanced by the prophet Joseph Smith, founder of the religious organization known as the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. Many other outsiders all down the line have

in effect expressed the same judgment as this commentator. It is

taken for granted, therefore, that any phases or particulars couched within the caption of this article would be alike interesting to the young "Mormon"as well as to the uninformed outsider.

/ Source of Authority for Organization

At the outset, it should be said of Joseph Smith that he never claimed to have originated that form of church government so often ascribed to him; it was not an emanation of his brain. He

ever and persistently proclaimed that he was simply a human agent under the Almighty, in whatever he advocated either as law, religious principle, or as sociological doctrine. The "Mormons"

themselves thoroughly believe this, however others may question its truth.

The world of mankind first began to know Joseph Smith when he announced that the heavens had been opened to him and he beheld two glorious personages, God the eternal Father, and his Son Jesus Christ. This event occurred in his fifteenth year,

as he prayed fervently to know which church he should join. At

intervals from this time on, from 1820 to the day of his death, 1844, he claimed communion with holy angels and to be constantly guided by Divine Providence pertaining to social and religious matters. The scope of this article precludes details of history

showing the process of development of church government as a practical instrument by which a people have secured much of this world's comforts and a hope of happiness for the future. But two

very important events must be mentioned.

GOVERNMENT OF THE CHURCH 919

77 Heavenly Messengers Restore the Priesthood

When a man starts out to set up a church in the name of

Christ, he ought to give some reasonable explanation for his authority in such procedure. This Joseph Smith did. He asserts

that in May, 1829, no less a personage than John the Baptist, now a heavenly messenger, conferred upon himself and Oliver Cowdery the Aaronic Priesthood, which delegated the keys of the ministering of angels, the right to proclaim the doctrine of repentance, and to baptize by immersion for the remission of sins.

Shortly after this, three ancient apostles, Peter, James and John, being commissioned of God, conferred the higher or Melchizedek Priesthood.

This latter endowment includes the apostleship and gives authority to build up the kingdom of God in the world this priesthood also comprehends all spiritual powers and keys necessary to be exercised for the salvation of mankind.

Ill—Foundation Stones of

Government Laid

With this authority, on April 6, 1830, in the little town of Fayette, New York, the Prophet proceeded to organize the Church. It started

with six members—a few

JOSEPH B. KEELER others were present. The

first foundation stones of the new government were firmly laid. It was definitely stated to those

present, that the method of organizing and the form of the organization itself were in conformity to a command of God. The new

Church members were asked if they were willing to accept Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery "as their teachers in the things of the

Kingdom of God,"to which proposition they all voted affirmatively. '"And all things shall be done by common consent,"is a

command to the Church. This doctrine, then followed, has been

strictly adhered to from that first day to the present. There can

be no foisting of men or measures onto the organization. Every

920 IMPROVEMENT ERA

officer from president to deacon, must stand the test of a vote of the people, at least once a year. Even the revelations to the

Church from the living Oracles (the leading authorities of the

Church) must first be accepted and approved by the body before they are operative. Tn these matters the greatest freedom is accorded to all members, women voting with the men. It should be

a selfevident proposition that no law, either human or divine, can be effective without its free and intelligent acceptance by those who are to obey it.

IV—The Mclchizcdck Priesthood—and Offices Arising Therefrom

The primary offices of the Melchizedek or Higher Priesthood are those of Patriarch, High Priest, Apostle, Seventy, Elder. By

virtue of his office and calling the President of the Church is

President of the High Priesthood. From the body of High

Priests, at present numbering over ten thousand, all the general officers are chosen, including also patriarchs, stake presidencies, and ward bishoprics. The subdivisions of this body of priesthood

number sixtyfour, corresponding with the number of organized stakes (or geographical divisions) of Zion; except, however, the

priesthood in the mission fields are not regularly organized in quorums but meet generally for instruction and work. The High

Priests, as a rule, are men of long service, mature years, and are usually well versed in principle, doctrine, and government. Most

of them have performed missions, have traveled extensively, and have clone service in the offices below their own grade; and,

withal, are men of dignity, being rounded out by careers of varied experiences.

V—The First Presidency—Some of Their Powers and Duties

The office of President of the Church is elective. The President is first selected by the council of Twelve Apostles, from

among the High Priests, himself a High Priest; then at a general

conference held in Salt Lake City, semiannually, also at stake conferences, held four times each year, at the headquarters of each stake, he is by vote "upheld by the confidence, faith and prayer of the Church."He has associated with him two Counselors who

are chosen in a similar manner, and the three compose the First

Presidency. Connected with this high office is the endowment

and confirmation of prophet, seer, and revelator. The powers and

duties of the First Presidency are coextensive with the Church.

To summarize the revelation designating their powers, it says they are "to receive the oracles,"or revelations, "for the whole church;"they hold the keys of all the spiritual blessing of the

Church; they "have the privilege of receiving the mysteries of the

Kingdom of have the heavens opened unto them, to Heaven—to

GOVERNMENT OF THE CHURCH 921

commune with the general assembly and Church of the First Born, and to enjoy the communion and presence of God the Father, and

Jesus Christ the Mediator of the new covenant."

VI—The Marriage Covenant

The President is the only person who holds the keys of that priesthood which includes the eternity of the marriage covenant.

Church marriages are solemnized only in temples, and only to the few who officiate therein is this power delegated. The Church,

however, recognizes marriage under the civil law, but it does not encourage members to marry for time, yet some do. The perpetuity and strength of any government depends largely upon

the esteem in which the marriage contract is held by its people.

In the light of "Mormon"doctrine, "Man, in his fulness, is a twofold organization—male and female. Either being incapable of

filling the measure of its creation alone, it requires the union of the two to complete man in the image of God. Outside of marriage, the salvation of man is incomplete."This idea of permanency of the marriage bond, enduring not only for time but

for eternity, has a wonderful effect on the integrity of the home fact may be attested, in one way, by the very small per-—which

centage of divorces. The statistics of 1912 show but fiftythree

divorces after Church marriages; the year previous showed fiftytwo divorces for the whole organization.

VII—Temples, and Vicarious Work for the Dead

Another distinctive function which attaches to the office of the First Presidency is that of building temples, and the direction of the work therein. The first edifice of this kind was built in

Kirtland, Ohio; the next in Nauvoo, Illinois; and four others have

been erected in Utah, and one is now being constructed in Alberta,

Canada. Paul's question to the Corinthian Saints, "Why are they

then baptized for the dead?"is receiving a practical answer in the

temples. A vicarious work for dead ancestors is constantly going

on. Up to date deceased persons numbering over two millions have had the ordinance of baptism performed for them.

Many of these have had the endowment of the priesthood; husbands and wives have been sealed in the marriage covenant, and

other ordinances have been administered by living relatives and friends. Ordinances and covenants under the gospel necessary

to salvation which may be embraced by the living, may also be applied to the dead, by proxy, in the temples. To keep this work

going requires a great deal of time and means of members who labor for others, and a vast outlay by the Church for construction and maintenance.

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA VIII—The Tzvelvc Apostles—Ambassadors of Christ to the World

Ranking next in authority and official position to the First

Presidency, is the Council of Twelve Apostles. The duty of its

members is to preach the Gospel to the world, to send it to all people, and to bear testimony of Jesus Christ, as living witnesses of His divine mission. The senior member is president. Under

the direction of the First Presidency they have charge of the missionary work of the Church.

At present twentyone missions are established; and they

comprise all of the United States (outside of what is known as the stakes of Zion), parts of Mexico, all of the countries of Europe, except Russia, Spain, Greece and Turkey; the South

African mission, embracing all the civilized parts of the continent of Africa, except the northern part; practically all of the Pacific

Islands, including Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. About

one thousand missionaries are sent annually to the various parts of the world. These are taken from any and all occupations.

They go on missions without salary, providing their own means of support, sometimes being assisted by friends, the Church paying only their transportation home. Their terms of service are

about two to three years. These missionaries are imbued with

a sincere love for their fellowmen, and manifest a patriotic devotion to God and to everything for which the Church stands.

IX—The Quorums of Seventy—"The Minute Men"

The body of priesthood standing next to the Apostles are the

Seventies. These are elders whose special calling is to do actual

service in the missionary field; they are the "minute men"of the

Church. The last enumeration, (1912), placed their number at

10,442. They also are organized into groups or quorums of

seventy members, (when complete) and each quorum is presided over by seven presidents, one senior and six associates. There

are now organized one hundred fiftynine quorums. A council

of seven presidents has the supervision over these quorums, and looks after the details of their labors; the council being, of course,

under the general direction of the Council of Apostles.

X—The Elders—The Home Ministry

In a class below the High Priests is the great body of Elders, numbering 25,320 men. These are mostly young men. Their

calling primarily is to assist the High Priests and to do service at home, not abroad, though thousands of them do go upon foreign missions. Those who are residing in stakes are organized into

quorums of ninetysix Elders each (as near as may be) having a presidency of three of their -nvn number as head. At present

GOVERNMENT OF THE CHURCH 923

there are 329 quorums, and in this capacity they are engaged in systematic work, first by acquiring theological and sociological information, and second by active service among the people.

It may be remarked in passing that all of the quorums are similarly engaged, systematically pursuing educational courses studying the scriptures, history, social questions, government, and many other things that make for efficiency in their respective lines of work. In fact, it may be truthfully said of the membership of all the quorums taken together, numbering 84,406, that

they form one immense college or "school of the prophets."

XI—The Stakes of Zion

Stakes of Zion are territorial, and governmental divisions of the Church. In form of organization they correspond mainly to

the Church as a whole. At the head is a presidency of three High

Priests; then a High Council of twelve men, Elders'quorums,

and presiding boards of Relief Societies, Sunday Schools, Young

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations,

Primary Associations, and Religion Classes. The population of

the Church, which in round numbers approximates half a million, is organized into stakes, wards, and missions. The sixtyfour

stakes now established are distributed in Utah, Idaho, Colorado,

Wyoming, Arizona, Nevada, Oregon, and Alberta, Canada.

XII—The Local or Ward Organization

The ward organization is a subdivision of the stake, and its presidency is a bishop and two counselors. Here bishopric—a

may be observed the real life and activity of the people. It is so

perfectly organized that each man, woman, and child almost daily feels the influence of its agency in their religious, moral and intellectual life. Often, also, through this medium are many of the

secular or temporal needs of the members looked after and provided for. The population of a ward ranges from about 300 to

1,500, and there are now organized 720 of these miniature governments, and they are continually multiplying. The bishopric

of the ward presides over the Aaronic Priesthood divided into quorums of Priests, Teachers, and Deacons. In membership,

these quorums separately when complete number 12 deacons, 24 teachers, and 48 priests, with a presidency of three presiding over each group. The membership of the Aaronic Priesthood for the

whole Church is 7,578 priests, with 258 quorums; 9,778 teachers,

with 298 quorums; 20.608 deacons, with 797 quorums; or a total

of 37,764 holding the lesser priesthood. The Improvement Era

is the organ of these quorums.

All the quorums or parts of quorums meet weekly in each ward to study the principles of the gospel and to learn of their 924 IMPROVEMENT ERA

duties in the Church, under teachers called for that purpose. The

educational value of this training in spiritual and practical religion can not be overestimated. All instruction is free.

XIII—Auxiliary Organizations—"Helps in Government"

There are six other organizations forming an integral part of

Church government which are not councils or quorums of the

Priesthood, but which are auxiliary to it and under it. They are

"helps in government"in the various bishops'wards, missions and branches of the Church. The framework of each organization is

threefold, consisting of a General Board, a Stake Board, and a

Ward Board; the latter board presiding directly over the membership in a ward or other jurisdiction. In their operations they are

subordinate to the ward, the stake, and the general authorities.

Naming them in their chronological order they are: ( 1 ) the

Relief Society; (2) the Sunday School; (3) the Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Association; (4) the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association; (5) the Primary Association; and (6)

the Religion Class. The titles of these societies pretty well indicate their are agencies for education, culture, and character—they

benevolence. The number of the separate societies range from

600 to about 750, the Sunday School Union having the largest number of organizations. A few items relating to these societies

may be mentioned.

XIV—What the Societies Stand For—What They Are Doing

The Religion class was organized in 1890. The work is the

training of children of elementary school age in practical religion and in characterforming habits. The number of pupils at present

enrolled is 37,149.

The Primary association was organized in 1878. The object

is to promote spiritual development in children, to encourage industrial occupations, and to discourage idleness and careless habits. The age of members is from three years to twelve; the

work is graded. The number enrolled is 63,103. They publish

a monthly Children's Friend. magazine—the

The Young Men's Mutual Improvement association was organized in 1875. The object, fundamentally, is to provide a

means for selfculture and special advancement in the fields of religious and secular learning; especially in the latter, through the

activity of reading circles, boy scouts, athletics, musical and oratorical contests; besides each year a course on some phase of

sociology, government, ethics, practical religion, or industry, is pursued. Also the object in view, through the activities of the

associations, is "to establish in the youth of Zion an individual testimony of the Latterday Work, to develop the gifts within

GOVERNMENT OF THE CHURCH 925

them, and to cultivate a knowledge and application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."The membership is 33,506

The Improvement Era is the organ of these societies, and is at present in its sixteenth volume, it having succeeded The Contributor which was published seventeen years.

The Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement association was established in 1869. These organizations furnish opportunity for

education in the domain of religion, science, history, and of women's work generally. The membership is 33,969. The General Board publishes a monthly magazine The Young Woman's

Journal.

The first Sunday School was organized in 1849, in Salt Lake

City. The Sunday School Union Board was formed in 1866, and

more completely in 1872. The membership of all schools combined, is 181,152. The Juvenile Instructor has been published

regularly since 1866, and is the exponent of this organization.

XV—The Relief Society—Among the Oldest of Women's

Organizations "I now turn the key for women,"said the Prophet Joseph

Smith, on the 17th day of March, 1842, when he organized the

Relief Society and sent it forth on its mission of love. It has a

membership of 33,674, with 720 separate ward societies. Its work

in the world is to manifest benevolence to all, to look after the poor, comfort and help the sick and unfortunate, to minister where death reigns, to assist in correcting the morals, and in strengthening the virtues of the community, and to foster among its members a love for education and refinement. It has given for charity

during the year just past, in round numbers, $36,000; it has now

stored in granaries and elevators many thousands of bushels of wheat for bread in cases of extreme want or famine. But, as

another has said, "written words could no more tell the magnificent work of members of the Relief Society than they could describe the perfume of a flower or the song of a meadow lark; for,

like ministering angels, they comfort the sorrowful, relieve the distressed, feed the hungry, clothe the naked, wait upon the sick, scattering glad news and cheer along their daily work, giving in true Christian spirit, letting not the left hand know what the right hand doeth."There are about 100 societies in the missions.

XVI—Courts—Regular and Special

One of the three departments of government is the judicial.

A complete system of courts is established, which give final and authoritative interpretation and application of the laws of the

Church wherein members are charged with or found guilty of unrighteous conduct, breaches of discipline, of apostasy, and the

926 IMPROVEMENT ERA

like. In case of transgression neither layman nor officer, high

or low, is exempt from their authority. These courts may be

divided into two classes, regular and special. The regular courts

are: ( 1 ) the ward bishop's court, or common court, the bishop

acting as judge, assisted by his counselors; (2) the Stake High

Council, composed of the Stake Presidency, and twelve High

Priests, having original and appellate jurisdiction. In form of

organization it approaches the ancient Jewish Sanhedrin; (3)

the Council of the First Presidency. The special courts are: (1)

the Presiding Bishop's court; (2) the Council of High Priests

abroad; and (3) the Traveling High Council of the Twelve Apostles.

The extreme penalty that may be inflicted is severance from

Church membership. Members are counseled to adjust and settle

difficulties which they may have one with another, between themselves. Failing in this, two of the "peacemakers"of the Church

the called to their aid who help to conciliate and Teachers—are

arbitrate the trouble. If these agencies fail, the case may be taken

to the bishop's court, where an impartial hearing, devoid of technicalities, is had. Should either of the parties feel that the decision is unjust, he may appeal to the High Council, where fifteen

men will sit on the case; and even from this high tribunal an

appeal may be taken to the Council of the First Presidency, for a review of the whole proceedings. All of this is without cost to

either party, the only object in view is to mete out justice and equity to everyone.

XVII—Aaronia or Lesser Priesthood—Office of the Presiding Bishopric—Some Activities Mentioned

One more important organic feature of government is yet to office of Presiding Bishopric, consisting of be mentioned—the

bishop and two counselors. They are the general board of the

Aaronic Priesthood of the Church. Aside from a general supervision of the educational and social activities. of the Lesser Priesthood, their chief function is the direction and management of

temporal or business affairs of the Church under the direction of the First Presidency. A few of the things that are being done

by the Church through the medium of this office may be briefly mentioned The tithing, (onetenth of the net income), voluntarily contributed by the people, is collected and disbursed, as well as other revenues, through the Presiding Bishop's office, and local offices in the various wards and missions.

Once a month, in the respective wards, fast meetings are held; in these assemblies fast offerings for the poor are made.

Upwards of $60,000 from this source alone was contributed last

GOVERNMENT OF THE CHURCH 927

year. During the same period there was given to the worthy

poor $197,000; and the number of persons assisted temporarily

was 4,930; while the number assisted permanently was 12,439,

many being nonmembers. Quick response with generous amounts

are often made to people, not considering creed or color, who are overtaken by earthquake, famine, flood, or other disasters.

One of the finest and best equipped hospitals in the West is established in Salt Lake City and is managed through this office.

Thousands of dollars of charity treatment is done annually by this institution.

An employment department is conducted through local offices.

Its benefits are not restricted to members of the Church; for the

month of April, 1913, for example, there were 139 applications for employment, and 130 positions supplied.

This office also gathers vital statistics, some items of which are interesting. The birth rate shows 59 births per thousand of

Church population, which is larger than for the United States as a whole, or than any nation of Europe. Of the women who bore

children in 1912, the average in these families is four for each mother. The death rate is 8.4, for the thousand, while the death

rate for the United States is about 15 per thousand. The average

duration of life taken from deaths reported for 1912, is 35 years.

Twentytwo schools are of college grade, maintained—three

and nineteen of secondary grade, with an aggregate registration of about 8,000, maintained at a cost of about half a million dollars annually.

The settlement of lands and the providing of homes for its people have always been among the prominent 'activities of the

Church; through its fostering care large tracts in many regions

have been redeemed and colonized. At present there is a department in the Presiding Bishop's Office, the purpose of which is to

locate members on land who are unable to help themselves and who wish to obtain homes and engage in farming. In short,

under its auspices and by its powers and functions, the Aaronic

Priesthood undertakes numerous measures looking to the temporal comfort and wellbeing of the people.

XVIII—The Final Test

The final test of any religious system holding out salvation to the world must be judged by its power to save men, body and spirit. "Mormonism,"so called, embraces the workable doctrine

of a temporal salvation, here and now, as well as a soul salvation hereafter. The first part of the proposition should be a matter

easily proved, the latter is a matter of faith and individual testimony.

PROVO, UTAH ONE OF THE MOUNTAIN LAKES IN THE COTTONWOODS

On the summits of the Uintah Mountains, in which rise the big therivers of northern Utah—the Weber, the Bear, the Provo, and

Duchesne, are a thousand clearwater lakes like the lake shown here in the Wasatch mountains. Many of the lakes abound in fish. The

rivers and creeks draining the Uintahs on the south empty into the

Pacific, while those on the north feed the waters of our great inland sea.

The Church Schools

BY GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT HORACE H. CUMMINGS

Some time ago I received a telephone message from a Chicago friend who was sojourning in this city, about as follows:

"Mr. and Mrs. L are here from Chicago and I cannot get them

to believe that the 'Mormon'schools are worth calling schools. Won't

you come over to the hotel and take luncheon with us, and then conduct them through the Latterday Saints'University?"

My Chicago friend was well acquainted with the work done by that school. I gladly accepted the invitation and had a very

pleasant visit with them at the luncheon. Both were refined and

cultured; he had acted twentytwo years as State Superintendent

of schools in one of the most progressive middlewest states.

After luncheon we went to the school for the afternoon, visiting the various classes, the library, the laboratories, and the different departments of work. I explained the various kinds of work to

them, the intellectual, the industrial, and the religious, and their relation to each other and their effect upon the pupil, all of which seemed to surprise and interest them very much. They asked

many intelligent questions about the school and seemed pleased with what they saw and heard.

I asked Mr. L what he thought of the school. "It is one

of the best, if not the very best high schools I ever saw,"he earnestly replied. This was after we had completed the inspection of

the school.

If a man of his intelligence was so far misled by the false statements published against our people, from time to time, how can the less informed be blamed for thinking the "Mormons"are indifferent to education? It is astonishing how the effect of this

misrepresentation persists, in the face of so much evidence to the contrary.

Another error quite widely believed, intended to take the place of this one, when it is counteracted by the knowledge of real conditions, is that our excellent schools are of very recent origin, being brought into existence through the influence of outside people of education and refinement who have come and settled amongst us. Without any conscious feeling of ingratitude

for help received from any source whatever, I desire to present a few wellauthenticated facts about the educational efforts and development among the Latterday Saints.

930 IMPROVEMENT ERA

True, the Prophet Joseph Smith was prevented both by age and circumstances from being educated when he began the establishment of the Church; but the Church had been organized only

a trifle over a year when two of the principal elders, William W.

Phelps and Oliver Cowdery, were instructed (in June, 1831) "to do the work of printing, and of selecting and writing books for the schools in this Church, that littlechilr dren also may receive instruction before me as is pleasing unto me"(Doc. &

Cov. 55:4).

In June, 1832, this instruction was repeated in an article which appeared in the first number of the Evening and Morning Star:

"The disciples should lose no time in providing schools for PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH. the children

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints that they may be taught as is pleasing unto the Lord, and brought up in the ways of holiness. * * * It is allimportant that to become good

they should be taught good."

"The Glory of God is intelligence.""Men cannot be saved

in ignorance.""A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge."These sayings and other teachings of the Prophet, together with the facts set forth in the New Testament that the

Savior himself had to learn "line upon line and precept upon precept,"and "was made perfect by what he suffered,"destroyed the old sectarian notion that deathbed repentance and confession

THE CHURCH SCHOOLS 931

of faith in Jesus, by some miraculous power prepared the sinner at once for celestial glory. Planted in its place came a belief that

we must become "perfect as our Father in heaven is perfect,"and that this was necessarily through a slow educative process as shown in the life of the Savior himself. Actuated by these teachings, the best schools possible have been maintained by the

Church. The School of the Prophets and the Elders'school were

established, in 1832 and 1833, and did much good in that early day. In August, 1833, the Lord said:

"Behold I say unto you concerning the school in Zion, I, the Lord, am well pleased that there should be a school in Zion, and also with my servant Parley P. Pratt, for he abideth in me; and inasmuch as he

continueth to abide in me, he shall continue to preside over the school in the land of Zion until I shall give him other commandments."

The Saints are then commanded to erect a school building in which they can be instructed (See Doc. and Cov. sec. 97). The

year 1834 was fraught with much persecution, which interfered very greatly with the schools of the Church. However, it was

provided that a school should be opened in the lower portion of a building erected for a printing office (See Church History, winter, and lectures on theology, which furnished an important part of the work, were prepared under direction of the Prophet, and are now found in the Doctrine and Covenants under the title, "Lectures on Faith."Concerning the Kirtland school, William E.

McLellan made the following report, dated February 27, 1835

"The school has been conducted under the immediate care and inspection of Joseph Smith, Jr., Frederick G. Williams, Sidney Rigdon,

and Oliver Cowdery, trustees. When the school first commenced, we

received into it both large and small, but in about three weeks the classes became so large and the house so crowded that it was thought advisable to dismiss all the small students and continue those only who wished to study penmanship, arithmetic, English grammar, and geography. Before we dismissed the small pupils, there were, in all,

about 130 who attended. Since that time we have had upon an average

of 100, the most of whom have received lectures upon English grammar; and for the last four weeks, about 70 have been studying geography onehalf of the day and grammar and writing the other part.

Burdick's Arithmetic, Kirkham's Grammar, and Olney's Geography have been used. The Noah Webster's Dictionary is standard. Since

the year 1827 I have taught schools in five different states and visited many schools which I was not engaged to teach in. In none, I can

say with certainty, have I seen students make more rapid progress than in this."

932 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A Hebrew school was also taught in Kirtland during the winter by Prof. Joshua Seixas, who was engaged to teach seven

weeks for three hundred and twenty dollars. Several classes were

organized and great interest was aroused in the study of ancient languages. Other branches were also taught, a singing school

being an important department. The next ten

years was a stormy time in the history of the Church. Persecution interfered very much with

school activities. From

Ohio and Missouri the Saints were driven and settled in Nauvoo, Illinois, and there soon established thriving colonies, schools being anl important, everpresent feature. On December 1

10, 1840, Gov. Thomas

Carlin, of Illinois, signed the charter for the University of the City of

Nauvoo. Adults, as well

as children, attended these schools, and every effort was made to impart information and make it general among the people.

The Saints were finally driven from their DR. KARL G. MAESER, FIRST PRINCIPAL

beautiful city, in 1846, BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY and a brave little band of one hundred and fortythree pioneers piloted the way across the desert into the Salt Lake valley, arriving there July 24, 1847.

The first few weeks were used in planting crops for themselves and others about to follow and preparing shelter for their families. As soon as practicable a school was started by Miss Mary

Jane Dilworth (Hammond). A few weeks later, when the frosts

of winter lessened the outside work, a larger school was established under the direction of Julian Moses, who was the first male teacher in Utah. From this small beginning, the system of public schools gradually grew. Within two years and a half a state

university was chartered by the Utah legislature. At first a tuition was charged students of the university as well as the pupils

THE CHURCH SCHOOLS 932

of the elementary schools, but as population and wealth increased, they all became free. A most excellent system of public schools

was thus provided by the "Mormons"who have always gladly maintained and patronized them and done all in their power to render them efficient.

As religion was not taught in public schools, the Church con tinued the original practice of maintaining Church schools. The

Brigham Young Academy was founded at

Provo, October 16, 1875. The Brigham

Young College, at * Logan, two years later. The latter was

endowed by its founder, whose name it bears, with a valuable tract of land near the city of Logan. The

deed of trust granting this endowment provided that besides the usual subjects taught in colleges, the curriculum of this school should include /instructions in what are now known as agriculture, manual training and mechanic art, domestic science, domestic art, branches which were not taught in other institutions at that time, but which HORACE H. CUM MINGS, GENERAL SUPERhave since become so INTENDENT L. D. S. SCHOOLS

important.

Under the wise direction of the General Church Board of

Education, during the next decade, a system of Church schools was established in the principal stakes of Zion. An academy to

do high school work was established in each of the most populous stakes and a seminary for elementary work in the more wealthy wards. In all these schools, besides the branches taught

in the public schools of like grade, theology was required and the spirit and atmosphere of the schools made to conform to the ideals of the Church as far as possible.

The seminaries, however, did not continue many years be934 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cause of the great expense to educate the vast number of children of elementary school age, but the academies still persist, though several discontinued during the financial depression of the early nineties.

Dr. Karl G. Maeser, the first principal of the Brigham Young

Academy, was also chosen as the first General Superintendent of

MAESER MEMORIAL BUILDING, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY the Church schools, and under the guidance of the General

Church Board of Education, the peculiarities of the present school system were developed. He had great ability both as a teacher

and an organizer, and he originated many excellent features that still are peculiar to our Church schools, and have proven to be of the highest value. His labors seemed timely, for the growth of

the Church and the increased number of its schools demanded a more thorough systematization, and his peculiar ability had a unique field in which to operate.

Surely a people who willingly taxed themselves to maintain a double system of schools could not be said to be indifferent to matters of education.

The problem of financing the Church schools has always been a serious one, and in times of business panics and during early persecutions, it has several times become desperate. In many

instances, the devoted teachers have willingly given their services free, as missionaries, or for half pay or for whatever the people <u <u c o i- <u 3 o u - +j. +j to -m Its c

CmhSjj 3 m -Mrs. <l>

B 2.b <u< \Sji-3 5

* c o s c u <u "j u!, p

3 or- -2> O rt 3 C '"'kit: rt t/i ca >> rj 2 - J2 ou

TJ s 05 &> s * - <"< si: - r- b- 51 [i >,? O *-"'O a "J rrt i, -4 C j:a rt +j in. >-3 O rt'

,'""'ft J3 Od) O uj J5 bee---'- 1-.Ce!

<U2$ T,2"J g-5|.S- N ifl"no

j2 c1 o""o-a - fcx X C <u? -M

3 u O bi up, <U 3 4->;u i- o <u c- n-

o S?c2rt (U O 5\S-rt "g

** o9'S*S -h'-3?, --coSono ni hj

M +J.hS 4JSo> v-<O >> riO rom i""

en 3 a; <L> hj

,- jjij COu j<U... >,yji3X

w o en O 3,3 -Q en rt "id—tn > en m C O o3 rt fth id

rsrp 4) *-> a 3

Tl O be oj cs o cd -+-"0 n, i-o -o. n *- >-o

ni rj 3 co 5. w--o c—3OncobflOrtCSa

. '-t-'r- rnI—<C OJ 'C

3 <u.tl"o H = >S

936 IMPROVEMENT ERA

could give them; since the only sources of revenue are the tithes

and voluntary contributions of the people.

Latterday Saints regret the present general dearth of religious training for the young, for moral training cannot be entirely successful without religion. The three great forces that the

jCb

UINTAH ACADEMY, VERNAL UTAH

Christian world depends upon for moral and religious results are the home, the church, and the school.

The modifications in home life have been so srreat and so

SNOW ACADEMY AND GYMNASIUM, EPHRAIM, SANPETE CO., UTAH

THE CHURCH SCHOOLS 937

rapid during recent years that methods of moral training there have not kept pace with them, and are now inadequate to meet the needs and conditions in most homes. When each family produced most of what it consumed, each member had some task

which contributed to the welfare of all; family ties and home

influences, then, were strong. Morning and evening prayer,

Bible reading, and practical exhortations to right conduct, were common exercises around the family hearth. Now, the factory,

WEBER ACADEMY, ON AN ARBOR DAY, OGDEN

shop, department store and office separate the family after a hasty breakfast, perhaps too early for younger members to join.

Conditions are no more favorable for the family devotional exercises at the irregular hours of assembling in the evening. Demands of business upon the father and of society upon the mother

divert their interests, in a measure, from the home, with the result that the number of children as well as the quality of parenta training is rapidly diminishing. Modern society is in such a whirl

of business and work and fashion and pleasure that the training of the children receives too little attention.

The public school is no longer opened with any form of devotional exercises. Many of the teachers and pupils never pray.

No religious instruction can be given lest the schools become sectarian Even Christmas exercises are fast becoming Christless.

938 IMPROVEMENT ERA

While most schools are conducive to morality, the instructions along these lines are so indistinct and general that they fail to develop the sturdy integrity of the founders of our nation, who knew the New Testament by heart, having learned it in the public school.

To my mind, the differentiation that has grown up amongst us as to the religious and the secular incducation is most unfortunate. I love to think that all the principles of education are both

religious and secular. Not one of them could be spared from society or from the Church. Either would suffer irreparable loss

if deprived of training in language, mathematics or science, as it would without truthfulness, charity or virtue. The multiplicaG1LA ACADEMY, THATCHER, ARIZ.

tion table is as essential to salvation as is faith or baptism. As

well might we think of an unreformed thief in the kingdom of heaven as an uninstructed ignoramus. The socalled religious

cannot say to the socalled secular, "We have no need of thee."

"Be ye perfect even as your Father in heaven is perfect"is the task assigned us, and we should not only acquire the divine attributes of His heart but attain unto the knowledge which is in

Him.

The child is a unit and should develop as a unit. All his powers and attributes must be trained in proper season or the product will be unbalanced and unsatisfactory, if not positively dangerous. Neither the head, the hand, nor the heart must be neglected. Church schools, in preparing for this allaround develop-

: THE CHURCH SCHOOLS 939

ment of their students, use on the intellectual side the same text books as are used in the best public high schools. Their curriculum contains the same courses of study. The teachers are certificated with the same requirements as those of the public schools.

Their libraries, laboratories, and other equipment are equal, and in many cases superior, to those of the public schools, and every effort is made to insure that the training of the students of our schools shall not fall below that of the best standard high schools.

Industrial education was provided for even before Dr. Woodward started, in St. Louis, the first manual training school of the

United States. We have been leaders in this work. The products

of our industrial departments are always of a high order, except in the smaller schools, where efficiency can not always be obtained.

The following will give an idea of the number, and distribution of our schools, and interesting statistical information concerning them

SCHOOL 03 S-o *& PI w EH B. Y. University Provo, Ut. Oct. 16, 1875 1409 13000 $116,000

B. Y. College Logan, Ut. July, 1877 540 IO00 61,900

Big Horn Academy Cowley, Wyo. 1909 120 350 4,630

Cassia Stake AcademyOakley, Ida. July 25, 1888 158 208 7,000

Emery Stake AcademyCastleDale, Ut. 1890 136 1000 6.80C

Fielding Academy Paris, Ida. 1884 208 1725 12,900

Gila Academy Thatcher, Ariz. 1888 174 1270 10,003

Knight Academy Raymond, Al'ta, Canada 1909 150 200 11,000

L. D. S. University Salt Lake, Ut. 1146 5975 62,000

Murdock Academy Beaver, Ut. 1897 215 3000 13,000

Millard Stake Academy.. Hinckley, Ut. 1890 125 550 9,000

Oneida Stake Academy.. Preston, Ida. 242 1600 10,500

Ricks Academy Rexburg, Ida. 333 2150 15,303

San Luis Stake Academy. Manassa, Colo. 1906 101 575 7,200

Snow Academy Ephraim, Ut. Nov. 5, 1888 305 1185 15,500

Snowflake Stake Academy Snowflake, Ariz. Nov. 30, 1888 107 640 6.000

Summit Stake Academy.. Coalville, Ut. 64 650 5.000

St. George Academy St. George, Ut. 1910 234 700 6,250

St. Johns Academy St. Johns, Ariz. 1 101 315 4,203

Uintah Academy Vernal, Ut. 188S 193 655 7,000

Weber Academy Ogden, Ut. 1888 485 3000 25,030

228 220 11,000 *Mex. Juarez,Juarez Academy "228 220 Diaz, Col. SeminaryDiaz

Dublan Seminary Col. Dublan,"389 40

104 127 Col. Pacheco"SeminaryPacheco

201 50 } 12,000 Morelos "Col.Morelos Seminary

84 Seminary Col.Chu'pa, Chuichupa

160 Col.Carcia, "103 SeminaryGarcia

51 Col. Oaxaca,"SeminaryOaxaca "30 Col.Guada. SeminaryGuadalupe

"1909 25 Morelos Col. MorelosSan Jose

8012 233 109 584 48542 $439,180

The statistics from the schools in Mexico are taken from reports two years ago, as the war down there has closed all of them during 191213, and some suspended during 191112.

The regular courses in theology consist of the careful study of the Book of Mormon, New Testament, Old Testament, and 940 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Church History. Besides this, a domestic organization is maintained. Pupils are responsible to the schools for their conduct

at all times. The regulations of the school prohibit the use of tea,

coffee, liquor, tobacco, profanity and late hours. Students are also

impressed with the necessity of attending to their various religious duties conscientiously. Great care is used to make the atmosphere

of the school harmonize with the ideals of the Church. Most of

the schools have missionary classes in which young men who take this course become acquainted with the doctrines of the Church, and so far as possible they are given practice to prepare them for their actual labors in the mission. In teaching the other branches

is taken to establish a history, literature, etc.—care—science,

natural correlation with theological work and forestall an unbelief in the gospel. In fact, the course of training in the Church

schools is so devised as to call into frequent action the mental, spiritual, and physical attributes of the students, and to develop them as best we can into wellbalanced, consistent manhood and womanhood.

ANCIENT CLIFF DWELLINGS, SAN JUAN COUNTY, UTAH

The "Mormon"Finance System

BY CHARLES W. NIBLEY, PRESIDING BISHOP OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The system of revenue of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints is of itself something remarkable. It is a free

will offering (onetenth of each member's income) by which the activities of the Church are maintained. It

is of divine origin, practiced by the people of God in ancient days, and revealed in our generation through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The Prophet enquired of the Lord concerning this law in July, 1838, while the Church was yet in its infancy. The answer to the

Saints was that the Lord required onetenth of all their interest annually, and this was to be a standing law forever. This revelation is recorded in Section

119 of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants. In it presiding bishop charles w. nibley

blessings are promised to those who observe the law; and to those who do not observe it the

Lord said: "If my people observe not this law, to keep it holy,

and by this law sanctify the land of Zion unto me, that my statutes and my judgments may be kept thereon, that it may be most holy, behold, verily I say unto you, it shall not be a land of Zion unto you."Throughout the Church the tithes are collected by the bishops of the wards. A bishop acts as a father to the community over

which he presides, and looks after the spiritual and temporal affairs of the ward members. With his two counselors, he visits

all the people, enquires into their welfare, labors with them, encourages them to live their religion, assists in finding employment for new members moving into the ward, visits the sick, cares for 942 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the poor, presides over all Church meetings, collects the tithes, etc.

The tithes are brought to the bishops in various forms. Hay,

grain, butter, eggs", livestock, and a part of whatever the people produce is given for the maintenance of the Church. If there are

poor, the bishop sees they are properly taken care of out of these tithes. Maintenance of ward buildings and places of worship are

also paid by the bishop from the tithing fund.

At the close of each year there is what is known as "tithing settlement,"when at a given place the ward members meet with their bishopric, settle their accounts and see that a proper record of their payments has been made. Thereupon the bishop makes

up his annual report, which is submitted to and audited by the presidency of the stake. This "auditing committee"visits each

ward, examines the records showing the receipts and disbursements of tithes, and passes upon all payments from the tithing funds. Let it be said to the credit of more than seven hundred

men who hold the office of bishop, and who receive and handle the tithing of the Latterday Saints, that shortages are very rare indeed.

For the labor he performs the bishop receives no salary, although a small allowance is made him for the work incidental to receiving, handling, and accounting for tithes. Indeed there is no

salaried system in the Church. Those who give their entire time

to the ministry must of necessity be furnished with sufficient means to live on, but it is expected that men will take pleasure in working for the Lord, without money and without price. The unselfish

labor of a ward bishop and his counselors and the sacrifices they make for the good of others affords a splendid example of the faith these men have in their religion.

The tithes received by ward bishoprics, after allowances have been made for ward and stake expenses, are forwarded to the Presiding Bishop's Office, where they are disbursed under the direction of the First Presidency of the Church and the Presiding Bishopric. Here the funds are widely distributed as the activities of

the Church are many. Temples and other Church buildings are

erected and maintained, including a first class hospital, Church schools are operated, colonists locating in different parts of the country are assisted, home industries established, and the poor cared for. Indeed it would be difficult in this short article to

enumerate all the channels through which the Church funds are distributed.

The education of the children of the Latterday Saints receives the greatest consideration of the Church. The largest single item

of expense from the tithes is for maintaining and operating

Church schools. At present, there are thirtyone Church schools,

which under ordinary conditions have an enrollment of about 8.0C0 pupils. Even in far away New Zealand, Samoa and Hawaii,

THE "MORMON"FINANCE SYSTEM 943

where there are considerable numbers of native converts to our faith, agricultural schools have been established for the purpose of teaching the natives how to obtain a livelihood from the soil.

Foreign Missions and missionary activities receive considerable support from the tithing funds. Places of worship are erected.

The. fares of all elders returning from their fields of labor

are paid. This latter item amounts to many thousands of dollars

as approximately one thousand elders return from missionary labors each year.

Since the organization of the Church much attention has been given to the native tribes of Indians, known to us as "Lamanites."

There are at present, in the organized stakes of Zion, colonies of these people who draw assistance from Church funds, notably those at Washakie, Skull Valley and Kanosh, in Utah, and the

Papago Indians near Pheonix, Arizona.

For the benefit of our immigrants who arrive in Salt Lake

City without friends or relatives, a free Employment Bureau has been established at the Presiding Bishop's Office. This bureau

is maintained out of the tithing fund. Many people apply here

daily and a personal representative sees that they are all taken care of.

Home industries are fostered by the Church as they provide employment for the people and tend to develop the country generally. In the early days of Utah the beet sugar industry was

established here, by great effort and expense, and when it was considered hardly more than an experiment.

From the beginning the "Mormon"people have been builders.

Temples and other places of worship have been erected wherever they have made their homes. With the growth of the Church,

this process of building has gone on continually, and each year now a considerable amount is appropriated from the tithing fund for this purpose. At the present time a temple is being erected

in Canada.

At the close of each year all the general expenditures of the

Church are audited by a committee of five prominent business men who are sustained by the vote of the general conference of the

Church. This committee examines carefully the records and accounts as they are centralized in the offices of the First Presidency

and Presiding Bishopric. When the work is completed they

render a written annual report which is submitted to the Church at its April conference.

The system of tithing as'practiced by the Latterday Saints is ordained of God. What is given by the people is largely returned to the people for their use and benefit. There exists but

one object before the leaders of the Church in the disbursement of these funds, and that is the promulgation of righteousness and the establishment of the Church and Kingdom of God upon earth.

Educational Value of the Missionary System of the Latterday Saints

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR UTAH GENEALOGICAL AND

HISTORICAL MAGAZINE,"AND AUTHOR OF "ADDED UPON,"ETC.

The missionary system of the Church is unique in this, that all who receive the "glad tidings"contained in the gospel of Jesus

Christ are unselfishly expected to pass the good news along; for

"it becometh every man who hath been warned to warn his neighbor;"and in this fact lies the great educational value of the

system. This gospelpreaching, however, is done in an orderly

way, for no man takes to himself the prerogative of the Priestis, byhood, but he who is "called of God, as was Aaron"—that

divinely appointed authority.

Facts and figures are usually accounted dry and uninspiring, but as bearing on the missionary system of the Latterday Saints, they tell a wonderfully interesting story. Here are some statistics,

taken from a compilation made at the close of the year 1912:

For missionary purposes, the United States is divided into seven districts, called missions. In these missions, during the year

named, there were the following number of missionaries: Eastern

AN L. D. S. CHOIR IN ROTTERDAM, HOLLAND

"This is a picture of the Rotterdam Choir—the 'Hope of Israel'—which is one of

the largest choirs in the Church outside of Zion. It is a great factor in bringing

many to a knowledge of the truth. Where preachers in 'broken'Dutch fail to make an

impression, the songs of Zion so ably sung never fail. Our choir is one great missionary of seventyfive voices and one purpose. There are in this group ten members

who have just recently been baptized and three others whom we expect to join the

Church shortly. In the center are Elders Royal K. Jensen and Elder Watkins, leader

and organist respectively."- Royal K. Jensen.

VALUE OF MISSIONARY SYSTEM 945

States, 137; Southern States, 200; Northern States, 166; Central

States, 156; Western States, 70; North Western States, 75; California, 35. There were in the British mission, 250; Australian,

44; New Zealand, 41; Netherlands, 58; Swiss and German, 168

Scandinavian (Norway and Denmark), 94; Swedish, 49; French,

28; South African, 15; Tahitian, 11; Samoan, 37; Hawaiian, 35;

Japanese, 17; Mexican, 14. These figures make a total of 1,700,

of whom 94 are lady missionaries, which number is somewhat below the average.

ELDERS OF CHRISTIANIA CONFERENCE

Back row, left to right: Hans Wamsal, Draper; Daniel L. Jensen, Spring City;

Erastus H. Peterson, Manti; Lawrence C. Monsen, Salt Lake City, Utah. Second row:

standing: Carl J. Olansen, Menan, Idaho; Norman H. Salvesen, Hyrum; C. F. Pedersen, Preston, Idaho; Ole A. Wold, Salt Lake City; J. Verne Nielsen, Hyrum; Conference Secretary Alfred C. Larsen, Provo; O. Wilford Pedersen, Logan. Sitting: Marie

Gartman, president Christiania Relief Society; Christina Christopherson, Salt Lake;

President Scandinavian Mission, Martin Christopherson, Salt Lake; President Christians Conference, C. M. Nielsen, Salt Lake City; Mrs. C. M. Nielsen, Salt Lake

City; A. Amundsen, Salt Lake City. Front row: Clarence Nielsen, Salt Lake City;

George D. Pedersen, Salem, Idaho; P. H. Johnson, Spanish Fork, and Knute Nielsen,

Salt Lake City.

For administrative purposes, the missions are divided into conferences, and the conferences into branches. An Elder presides over the activities of each of these divisions. There are at

present 150 conferences and 617 branches, which call for executive management. The work done by the missionaries during the

year 1912 is reported as follows: Families visited in tracting,

2,462,093; gospel conversations held, 1,752,068; tracts distributed,

10,205,826; books sold, 572,000; openair meetings held, 9,788;

priesthood meetings held, 4,671; persons baptized, 4,146.

The population of the "Mormon"Church is about half a milELDERS OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN CONFERENCE

Elders, from left to right, back row: Earl T- Soelberg, Idaho Falls, Idaho; June

B. Sharp, C. Clyde Coult, Clifford Hodgson, Salt Lake City; Joseph F. Hintze, Holliday; Enoch Larsen, Richfield; W. E. Spafford, Provo: S. R. Boswell, Neohi, Utah; D.

Vernon Shurtliff, Baker City, Ore. Center row: Tames H. Ockey, Nephi, Utah; Conference President Gottlieb Blatter, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Mission President F. J. Hewlett, Mrs. F. J. Hewlett, Fait Lake City; Conference Presdient John E. Hunter,

Holden; Alfred J. Gowers, Jr., Nephi, Utah. Front row: Walter H. Matthews, Marion,

Idaho; Leland S. Tate, Tooele; William Barker, Brigham City; Milton P. Fletcher,

Provo, Utah.

lion. Out from this number about one thousand men go each year

into the missionary field, and a like number return. Their average

time of absence is about two and onehalf years. Most of these

missionaries are young men of an impressionable age, many of them being under twentyfive. They are taken from every vocation and from every part of the country. Fifty per cent of them

come from farming communities. All of them have had the

advantages of a common school education, many are high school and college graduates (for "Mormon"communities stand high in educational facilities); but they have not been specially trained in

homiletics, other than that which the Church gives to every member who will take part in its activities.

The gospel message which they carry is so simple that a man of common intelligence, if he is pure of heart and mind, can deliver it. A profound knowledge of historic Christianity, of the

dead languages, of Christology, or of Eschatology, though not to be depreciated, is, however, not essential to the telling of God's goodness, love, and redeeming power. The gospel which the

"Mormon"missionary preaches is that which can be understood and is gladly received by the common people. His work consists

ELDERS OF THE VIRGINIA CONFERENCE, SOUTHERN STATES MISSION

Back row, left to right: Frederick A. Welch, Cowley, Wyo.; Elmer Stoddard,

Richmond, Utah; Jos. C. Norton, Fairview, Ariz.; C. A. Savage, Henrieville, Utah;

Roy Wood,.bates, Idaho; Marion R. Cobbley, Blackfoot, Idaho; Alonzo E. Dutson,

Leamington, Utah. Seated, middle row: A. D. Holyoak, Moab; Bernard A. Montague,

Salem, Utah; George S. WeeKes, Archer, Idaho; Chas. W. Crosby, conference president, Eagar, Ariz.; Wm. T. Owens, Paragoonah, Nathan D. Hiatt, Payson, Utah.

Front row: Elmer Heninger, Logan; Oscar Whiting, Mapleton, Utah; Marion Whittle, Marysville, Idaho; John L. Ferris, Junction, Utah; David R. King, Moore, Idaho.

in arousing faith in God, in calling sinners to repentance, in explaining and administering baptism in water for the remission of sins, in announcing the restoration of the gospel of Christ in

ELDERS IN THE NEW YORK CONFERENCE, EASTERN STATES MISSION

Left to right, back row: H. S. Coleman, Midway, Utah; A. M. Emney, Idaho

Falls, Idaho; Wm. E. Bushnell, Meadow, Utah; I. Parnell Hinckley, Salt Lake City;

J. W. James, Rexburg, Idaho; A. E. Bingham, Riverdale, Utah. Sitting: A. L.

Buchanan, Venice; Martin Mortensen, conference president, Thatcher, Ariz.; W. S.

Langton, mission secretary, Logan; A. A. Bybee, Lyman, Idaho; C. M. Beckstead,

Sandy, Utah.

948 IMPROVEMENT ERA

purity and power, and in encouraging all to live a godly life. Two

years of such work is bound to have its effect on those who are engaged in it.

The "Mormon"missionary receives no salary. His time and

talents are given, as he feels, to the service of the Lord. He is

simply warning his neighbors as he himself has been warned. His

labor is one of love and sacrifice. He leaves his business, his

shop, his farm to get along the best they can. He leaves home,

parents, wife, children. If he has not the means to carry him

through his mission, those at home must send it to him. He goes

into a strange world; he must adjust himself to new environments

often he must learn a new language. The timid boy from the

farm, as well as the business man and the schoolmaster, go out to teach the world. They meet the learned, the worldly wise, the

ignorant, and gain valuable lessons from them all. In fear and

i * *: iT - S; * A 54 W *iH *V "''uTlF''M "

Hk 2 JKL IP

'*<'W'$W<.

v "JW

OREGON CONFERENCE, MARCH 10, 1913

Back row: R. A. Bitter, Beaver Dam; H. L. Jeppersen, Bear River City; Wm. L.

Madsen, Mt. Pleasant; Wm. P. Dopp, Cornish, Utah; Joseph C. Hogan, Hatch, Idaho;

Joseph C. Harker, Cardston, Canada; Alma Yeates, Millville, Utah. Ladies: May

Carlisle, Salt Lake City; Zella Smart, Logan; Elsie Brown, Salt Lake City. Third

row; N. A. Wheeler, Fielding, Ltah, E. J. Solomon, conference president, Salt Lake

City; M. J. Ballard, mission president; H. A. Benson, mission secretary, Blackfoot,

Idaho; Henry Penman, West Weber, Utah. Front row: A. W. Edwards, Charleston;

Wm. S. Winn, Nephi; Frank Morgan, Layton, Utah.

trembling the missionary passes his tracts from door to door, engages people in conversation, and takes his place with his companions on the street corner in openair meetings. He must deliver

his message, cost what it may. Passersby taunt him, yet he must

not reply; the pious as well as the rabble insult him, yet he must

hold his temper and his tongue; he must return good for evil.

VALUE OF MISSIONARY SYSTEM 949

In his new field of labor, the weight of his calling presses upon the "Mormon"missionary. He realizes what a weak instrument

he is, and how much depends on the grace of God to be with him.

He studies, he prays. If he formerly had doubts, these vanish

for he who does shall know, is his Master's promise. Out from

the stress of conflict the missionary arises, his faith firmly planted on the rock, and he grows into a strong, resourceful, fearless man.

The "weak things of the world"become "a polished shaft,"—and

then he returns home to his native village.

The missionary may have been to the land of the Midnight

Sun; he may have jostled in the crowds of London; he may have

sailed on the scenic Rhine, or climbed the mountains of Switzerland. In his visits to the olden lands, he muses in ruined castles

by historic walls and waters; he listens to the music of the masters

in their native haunts; he lingers in the art galleries where the

world's best in painting and sculpture is seen. If his mission

takes him to South Africa, to the South Sea Islands, to Australia, or to Japan, he gathers a fund of interesting facts and experiences, all of which he brings home with him, and he frequently travels around the world to land there.

u3 J gg r ft* '%L$ j

'i j! atS "p #',,,. i IT A1

'ijMS %.rf% t gj.j - - --. lie

ELDERS OF THE AUSTRALIAN MISSION

Durine 1912 the elders spent 1,633 hours in tracting visited 18,088 families.

Remier, Paris; Oscar B. Nielsen, Archer, Idaho.

A GROUP OF ELDERS LABORING IN BERLIN, GERMANY

Back row, left to right: Orson Johnson, Salt Lake City; John Stosich, Idaho

Falls; T. A. Browning, Idaho. Sitting, left to right: William Kessler, editor Der Ster,

Salt Lake City; Charles I. Stoddard, president Berlin conference, Richmond, Utah;

James C. Oram, Idaho Falls; Otto Burgi, Sugar City, Idaho.

ELDERS OF THE SHEFFIELD CONFERENCE, ENGLAND

Top row, left to right: Lorenzo P. Burt, Brigham; Orion B. Thurgood, Bountiful;

Milton Jacob, Provo; James D. Todd, Salt Lake City; Harry E. Page, Riverton;

Joseph E. Wood, Holden; W. Chester Jefferies, Grantsville. Second row: George

Hay, Menan, Idaho; Edwin Clawson, Hyrum; Roy H. Peck, Garland; Wiley S. Collett,

Vernal; Wm. J. Francis, Brigham; Wollerton Brinton, Murray; Joseph S. Morgan.

Third row: Byron R. Jordan, Mountain View, Alberta, Canada; Thomas Shepherd,

Provo; A Laverne Riggs, conference president, Logan; Rudger Clawson, late president

European mission; Isaac C. Wood, Woods Cross. Fourth row: Joseph A. Vanesse,

Smithfield; John P. Leatham, Wellsville.

VALUE OF MISSIONARY SYSTEM 951

What a lesson is taught in common brotherhood by the "Mormon"missionary's experience! The banker missionary from the

city arrives at his field of labor. He is assigned to a conference

by the mission president. The conference president under whose

direction he will labor may be at home the village blacksmith or carpenter, but no objections are raised to this arrangement, for these men understand that no man's honorable occupation either bars or qualifies for spiritual leadership. Together these men

ELDERS AT COPENHAGEN, DENMARK The elders are all from Salt Lake City, and their fields of labor are, top row:

Louis C. Jacobsen, Holbsek; Chris O. Jensen, Silkeborg; Robert H. Sorensen, mission

secretary; J. H. Johnson, Sweden; Joseph N. Busath, Copenhagen; Alvin R. Christopherson, Aarhus; sitting: Peter W. Kjser, Copenhagen; August H. Knebelau, Holbrek; Martin Christopherson, mission president; John S. Hansen, associate editor of

Skandinaviens Stjerne; Alfred E. Pederson, Bornholm.

work for the salvation of souls, and then in due time, with their rich experiences, they come back to the body of the Church.

This coming and going is continuous, until in every community of Latterday Saints there is gathering a class of men who have been educated in the school of the world. Every other man

one meets in a "Mormon"village has been on a mission, some of them on two missions, a number, on three. These men are

wellbalanced, broadminded. They talk intelligently on the manners and customs of other lands, and can explain the teachings

and practices of religions other than their own. They know the

its bad, its beauty and its ugliness, itsworld,—its good and

this knowledge is a part of truestrength and its weakness—and

wisdom. They impart this experience and this tvisdom to those

952 IMPROVEMENT ERA

around them, and thus the whole community is benefited. The busy

bees of "Deseret"constantly gather honey from every fragrant field and bring it into the hive. The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints does not believe in educating one or two only, in each community, to be preachers of the word and active in the ministry, but its theory is that if there is any educational value in this calling, every Church member should have the advantage thereof. If there is virtue in the Priesthood, then every worthy

member should receive of it, until there shall be "a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation;"and in all this the missionary system

of the Church plays an important part.

Thomas L. Chipman, Tokyo, Japan, April 16: "We are all well

and happy here in the far East. We send you a snapshot of our headquarters. It is difficult to get a plain view of the whole house as it

sets among so many beautiful trees in our garden. Our headquarters

are in the best part of the city of Tokyo, right in the midst of the very best schools in Japan, and some of them are ranking high among the universities of the world. Among these are the

Waseda University and the Military Officers'Training School, the last named being very much like the West Point Military Academy. Many other high

schools are in our neighborhood and from all of them a few students continually come to our meetings to investigate the principles of the gospel. We are

very proud of the few good Saints that we have converted, and believe they compare favorably with Saints in any other part of the world. Today we led two souls

into the waters of baptism for which we are indeed very happy. We

work hard and know that with efforts such as are now extended the work will roll along very rapidly. We have many friends and are

continually forming new ones. All of our meetings are well attended.

We join in thanking all at home for the help rendered us in our work, for we know that it has been through the faith and prayers of our brothers and sisters at home that we have been able to meet with the good success that we have."

The Utah Agricultural College

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, PRESIDENT

The love of the people of Utah for higher education is well shown by the fact that in the Utah Agricultural College the enrollment of students is larger in proportion to the population of the State than in any other agricultural college of the United

States. For every 227 of population one was a student at the

college in 191213.

This unusual record is due to the fostering care which Utah has always given the cause of education. The University of Utah

was organized almost before the Pioneers had really established themselves in their newfound wilderness. The Utah Agricultural

College was created in 1888 by the first territorial legislative assembly after the passage by Congress of the famous Hatch Act, authorizing the establishment of agricultural experiment stations.

In the fall of 1890, a year and a half later, the doors of the new building were opened to students. From that day to the present

the college has been generously supported by the State administrations, and has been largely patronized by the people of the state.

The Utah Agricultural College has had a somewhat remarkable history. In its opening announcement it declared its purpose

so to teach and apply all the arts and sciences, in full presentday light, that agriculture, home economics, engineering, commerce, mechanic arts, and all other industrial pursuits would receive intellectual dignity as well as practical power, and thus be made quite comparable with the timehonored professions of law, medi954 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cine and theology. This was not a wellaccepted doctrine in

1890, and the Utah college was among the first to declare openly and without shame that it would give itself to the professional dignifying of the common pursuits of mankind.

Instruction was offered from the beginning in agriculture, domestic science and arts, mechanic arts, civil engineering, mining engineering and irrigation engineering. These were the first

courses, in these subjects, excepting domestic arts, to be offered in this State. During the second year, instruction in commerce

was added. This was quite an educational departure, for it was

not considered good form, twentyfive years ago, for colleges to teach commercial subjects. However, in a year or two the business course developed into a full fledged college course, offering

a degree in commerce. The Utah Agricultural College thus became the first institution in the West and one of the first in the

whole country to recognize the educational value of commercial studies and to dignify commerce by placing it on a college basis.

In recent years, the great universities have at last recognized commerce and several have even given it the great dignity of making it a part of the post graduate work. To the Utah Agricultural College belongs the credit of having founded instruction,

in Utah, in agriculture, home economics, engineering, mechanic arts and commerce, and of having been among the pioneers in the work in the whole land, and of ever standing firmly for the intellectual elevation of all the necessary pursuits of mankind.

It is now as before the aim of the college to consider, as far as possible, every problem of the rural communities. Grea<"

wealth has been taken from Utah mines, but Utah is essentially a rural state. The cultivation of the land, with all the activities of

commerce and trades that are derived from it, determines the building of a commonwealth. The college, therefore, attempts to

treat every phase of the rural problem, by discovering and teaching the natural resources of the state, and by teaching the methods whereby these resources may be utilized in the best manner. The

college in its growth has gradually standardized its work until, today, it is upon the basis of the standard colleges of the United

States. However, its doors have always been wide open for all

the people, and it is, therefore, maintaining a large number of practical courses open without examination to all men and women over eighteen years of age. Moreover, short courses of various

kinds are offered from year to year to make the service of the college as large as possible.

The Agricultural Experiment Station, which was provided for in the organic act of the college, has undertaken to solve the agricultural problems of an arid state. When the station was

organized, little was known concerning countries under a limited rainfall, for modern agriculture had been founded in countries of

THE UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE 955

abundant rainfall. Utah can point with pride to the success which

has attended the labors of her experiment station. By the investigations of the station, the nature of the soils, climate and waters

of the state has been determined; the best crops and the best live

stock for Utah farms have been sought out; the dairy, horticultural and sugar beet business has been encouraged; the value of

the irrigation water has been increased manifold, and the tens of millions of acres that never can be irrigated have been in part reclaimed by the methods of dryfarming, and, in general, farm life in an arid country has been made more pleasant and profitable.

The pioneer work of the Utah station has been adopted by the other Western states, and in other arid countries of the world, until today millions of acres of land receiving limited rainfall are being reclaimed by the steady efforts of the Utah station. The

Utah Experiment Station is without question one of the foremost in the United States.

The extension division of the college devotes itself to the business of bringing the message of good agriculture and homemaking to the people of the state who can not attend the regular work on the college campus. Its work is accomplished by movable schools, farmers'institutes, lectures, study clubs, correspondence-studies, and any other device that will serve the people best.

The number who take part in this work is far larger in proportion to the population than in any other state. The legislative assemblies have dealt generously with the extension work. At the

session just closed, another evidence of the upto-dateness of Utah in modern education was given, in the passage of an act, possibly the first of its kind in the West, providing for farm and home demonstrators, elbow instructors, in every county of the state. In

the extension movement, now grown to large dimensions, Utah is also a pioneer, for it was in 1896 that the first extension bill became a law.

From the first president to the last faculty member employed, great care has been given to the selection of men and women with high scholarship, unquestioned morality and a clear understanding of the purpose of the college. Considering its numbers, the

faculty of the Utah Agricultural College is unsurpassed in scholarship among the agricultural colleges. Fifteen hold their doctor's degrees; all of the professors and assistant professors have

; all faculty members are college taken considerable graduate work

graduates. To secure a professorship in the college a training

equivalent to the doctor's degree is required.

The graduates of the College are greatly sought after within and without the state. Though the Utah Agricultural College

graduates more students than all the other intermountain agricultural colleges together, it has so far been impossible to supp y the demand. At the present time graduates of the college hold

956 IMPROVEMENT ERA

responsible positions under the state and federal governments in every western state. Many are in foreign countries. Five of the

graduates of the college were employed last year by Argentina to assist in the introduction in our South American sister republic of dryfarming methods. An unusual proportion of the graduates

have continued their studies in the large universities of the East, where they have left excellent records. In fact, the Utah Agricultural College is quite willing to be judged by its graduates.

Naturally, the support of the people of Utah has been the main cause of the success of the institution. The people have had

a keen sympathy for the kind of work attempted by the college.

From the earliest days the people of Utah looked with an understanding eye on education, and Brigham Young, the founder of the state, declared that the schools should give the kind of work now ordinarily given by the agricultural colleges. It is not

surprising, therefore, that the Agricultural College of Utah has been able to render great service to its state.

This brief review of the history and work of the Utah Agricultural College shows that Utah has good reason to be proud of her Agricultural College. An institution created with intelligence,

founded in wisdom, supported with loyalty, and doing its work unafraid of the criticisms of those who do not understand, must of necessity render a good account of itself. It has labored honestly and to the fullest of its knowledge to serve its state. It has

stood and does stand squarely for the education of all the people for the toilers; for those who do the necessary work of the

world; for those who are, in fact, the strength of our great repubbeautiful and more profitable the lives of thoselic—to make more

who were forgotten in the older scheme of education. The

college hopes that, as the days come, it may serve more largely, more wisely, with more love, with more vision, and may be received with even a fuller measure of confidence from the people, so that it may unfold for the use of man the great natural resources of our State and may show how man may become, joyfully, the master of the earth.

LOGAN, UTAH ALFRED LAMBOURNE, BY MAHONRI M. YOUNG.

The bust in bronze of our poetphilosopher is considered by

Mr. Young as among his best works. It was exhibited at the

National Academy of New York, and was engraved in the Chicago Art Journal, and in the International Studio. It was much

praised by the Eastern critics. It was purchased by the State

of Utah and is a part of the Alice Art collection, which will ultimately be kept in the Capitol Building.

The bust is highly finished and minute in detail, the expression of the eyes fine, and the treatment of the hair masterly.

From different points of view, the bust exhibits the versatility of our home author as shown in the many contributions to this magazine, and the Christmas narrative poem of Plet, the lovestory of Metta, the descriptive philosophical work, Our Inland

Sea; The Rose, a Rhapsody, and the beautiful and learned Memorial volume, The Cross: Holly and EasterLilies.

fl wmm; -Wk0 WiwSm m

ym1 $Wc&k m

WJr D. H. CHRISTENSEN, SUPERINTENDENTJkQSALT LAKE CITY PUBLIC

SCHOOLS

Mr. Christensen has supervision of a system of twentynine schools in which there are six hundred teachers and about

twenty thousand pupils. Dr. A. E. Winship, of Boston, in a

prominent place in the Journal of Education, recently said of him "He is one of the most complete masters of the school situation in theory and practice, in detail and emergencies, I know; and 1

know his work as well as that of any superintendent in the country. Times out of number I have been in his schools during the

past ten years and my admiration has grown steadily."

The Latterday Saints'Hospital

Another educational factor has entered into the development of the work of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, and that is the hospital movement.

There has been established in Salt Lake City, a beautiful and commodious hospital, known as the Dr. W. H. Groves

Latterday Saints Hospital; the name having been derived

through a bequest of the late Dr. W. H. Groves who left his

estate valued at $50,000, toward the establishment of the hospital to bear his name.

The institution has at present a capacity of 125 beds, and there is in progress of erection an addition which will increase the capacity of the hospital to nearly 250.

In connection with this institution is a Training School for

Nurses which now has an enrollment of seventy in training in charge of seven high class supervisors. When the new wing

is ready for occupancy the training school will have an enrollment of about one hundred persons.

j ImaiiHMlflH MTMITt'1 Hfilf.-.?** m% M ft 'jjBl

HR 11 mmgiai;iLii y

E SlBi NURSES'HOME, LATTERDAY SAINTS'HOSPITAL

The institution gives a three years'course of training for nursing in general surgery, medicine, children, hydro and electro therapy treatments, massage, etc. The institution will represent, with the new wing, an outlay of nearly $600,000. All

of this vast sum except about $70,000 has been provided from the general Church funds. The Board of Trustees consists of

the Presiding Bishopric, (C. W. Nibley, O. P. Miller and David

A. Smith), Dr. Joseph S. Richards, and F. S. Richards.

GRADUATING NURSES'CLASS, LATTERDAY, SAINTS HOSPITAL, 1913

The first class of nurses graduated in 1906, and since that time there have been seventyone graduates, ten of this number forming the graduating class of 1913. Their names follow: left to right top row,, Lehi, Utah;Drusilla S. Hodson, Provo; first row Mabel Rockwel

Adeline Kunz, Bern, Idaho; Daphne Dalton,Manassa, Colorado; second Superintendent Dancy, Miss Mexico; Juarez, Polly M. Skousen,row Ruth C. Hanthird row Salt Lake City; Pritchard, Pattieof Nurses;

sen Salt Lake City; Audrey Benson, Provo; Mary Albrea Shumway,

Penrose, Wyo.; bottom, Martha Tipton, Salt Lake City.

The Y. M. M. I. A.

The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association was organized first in the 13th Ward, Salt Lake City, under the inspiration of President Brigham Young, on the 10th day of June, 1875,

Elder Junius F. Wells being appointed to take the initiative in

the organization.

Steadily from that time up to the present, the association has grown until in the Church in the ihtermountain country there are now 670 separate organizations with a permanent enrollment of 33,506, and an active enrollment of 23,335 young men; over 1,000

are away at schools, and more than that number on missions.

The purposes of the association are to strengthen the faith of the young people in the divinity of the work of the Lord—the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and to develop the

natural gifts within them through religious, physical, and intellectual instruction, and by affording them opportunities for practice in these various activities.

To this end the organization has so far printed and distributed, for weekly study, approximately 400,000 manuals in 16 volumes, on religious, moral, economic and ethical subjects. It

has established athletic associations, organized M. I. A. Scouts

and made a beginning to help the boys in choosing vocations and encouraging industries, and in other ways aided them in the development of special gifts -and talents through debating, storytelling, writing, music, orations and other intellectual activities.

Contests in these are held annually, graded from the ward to the stake, and finally to the Church.

The organization is controlled by a General Board of which

President Joseph F. Smith is the presiding officer. The stake

divisions of the Church, of which there are sixtyfour, have superintendents and boards of aids who have charge of the associations in their respective divisions. The single association, which is

subject to the stake board, is directed by a president, counselors, secretary and board of officers who come in direct contact with the membership. The M. I. A. Scouts are affiliated with the Boy

Scouts of America, but are a part of the ward improvement association and under its supervision. It is needless to say the

activities of the Y. M. M. I. A. have been a great power in the

educational development of the young people of the Church.

For seventeen years, closing with October, 1896, The Contributor was the organ of the associations. Since 1897, and now

in its sixteenth volume, the Improvement Era has been, and is the organ of these organizations. It has a circulation of 13,000

copies and is one of the forces that has aided greatly in the progress of the organizations. Edward H. Anderson.

Editors'Table

Welcome

The Improvement Era bids the teachers of the National

Education Association a hearty welcome to our city and state.

We hope that while they sojourn among us they may enjoy themselves and be pleased with what they see, hear, and learn. We

trust also that they may inform themselves correctly on the educational and social conditions in our state. We believe that in these

;respects our people are not a whit behind the best in the land

neither are they in teachers, buildings, environment, resources, climate, and all that goes to favor intellectual advancement and physical health and comfort. We believe, too, that the people of

Utah and surrounding states will compare favorably in earnestness, intelligence, devotion to God and to truth, and in the purity of their social lives, with any other community in our nation. We

ask only that the truth concerning them be learned and told, and, of course, that falsehood and falsifiers be refuted.

In this number of the Era, largely devoted to educational information, our readers will find reliable data relating to some of the intellectual efforts of the people of Utah, past and present.

Aside from illustrated articles that deal with the National Education Association, the history and evolution of education, and the present public school system in Utah, there will be found excellent papers on the organization and government of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, its missionary and financial systems, and its brimful of interesting and upto-date schools,—papers,

matter on these subjects, which we trust not only the visiting teachers will read and appreciate, but which we hope may prove valuable also to the missionaries and to our readers in general.

There are thirtytwo extra pages in this number, yet we have found little or no space to devote to the material and scenic interests of our state. Even though only comparatively little could

be said in detail of the many forces that tend to educate, comfort, and render service to the community, the idea of the magnitude of 964 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the work is grasped to some extent as one reads this number of the Era, and one is really astonished at what has been and is being done and expended by our citizens towards intellectual and social progress. Our splendid choirs, our musicians, artists and authors,

who contribute very largely to our education, blessing, and enjoyment, though so deserving, have received no attention. In agriculture, in mining, in manufacture, in happy homes, in natural

beauty, and in many of the business interests which go to make a great state and a prosperous and contented people, Utah stands preeminently in the front rank of the western states; while in

climatic conditions no other state in the Union can show anything more favorable.

We thank our contributors who have so willingly and efficiently aided us in preparing the information contained in these pages. Without their help the work could not have been accomplished. And now, to the visiting educators, a hearty welcome,

and may your sojourn together and with us be fraught with benefit and pleasant memories.

Joseph F. Smith.

A BUSINESS DISTRICT, SALT LAKE CITY, LOOKING NORTHWEST

L. D. S. Knitted

Garments made especially for hot, summer days.

COOL AND COMFORTABLE.

Suitable for hot, sultry weather. Price, per pair, Postpaid $2.15

woven and finished. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.50

per pair, Postpaid 70c bleached. Very popular grade. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.00

Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.10

; a wellmade, durableNo. 57. Medium light weight, unbleached

garment. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.10

Beautiful Teaspoon! FREE! A

During June, July and August we will give absolutely free a Famous Roger's French Gray pattern Teaspoon, with every $2.00 order. Six Teaspoons with every $10.00 order.

GARMENTS MARKED FOR 20c PER PAIR.

to Elders in all parts of the World. Send We ship garments

for our complete set of samples of garments.

West's Mail Order House 258 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"

Three Daily SOME POPULAR SUGGESTIONS Your Choice: Santa Catalina

Long Beach Principles "Los Angeles Ocean Park The Result

Venice lLimited:>;fo.J""SAFETY FIRST"High Quality

Newport Beach Service when travel via"Pacific Redonda 2 you

Limited"Santa Barbara "COURTESY""The StandMonica Santa 1 J 3ttr\Overland

Huntington ATTENard Lines of Beach CAREFUL

Express"San Diego TION TO DETAILS"the West"

Excursion Tickets on sale daily By These each operAutomatic

June 1st to September 30th ating employee Eledtric

Stopovers and Diof the Safety Block verse Routes Signal TTB Protection

Write for California Literature 1 pgpledges his faithTICKET OFFICE, 10 E. 3d South 1

T. C. PECK, J. H. MANDERFIELD, CITT TICKET OFFICE I

G.P.A., Los Angeles A.G.P.A., Salt Lake City HOTEL UTAH 1

SALT LAKE CITT 1 READING COURSE That the General Board Committee selects for their Reading indication Course—the kind of books we always sell—is a good

of the kind of books we have. It should prove to you that the

ONE BEST PLACE to buy your GOOD BOOKS is our store.

SENIORS JUNIORS 1. Reign of Antichrist—50c post- 1. Courage of the Commonplace paid.

2. House of the Lord—$1.50 post50c, postage extra, 5c.

paid... $1.25, 3. The American Government 2. Stories of Inventors

$1.00, postage extra. postage extra, 14c.

4. Corporal Cameron—$1.25, postage extra, 12c. 3. Heroes of Everyday Life—50c,

5. History of Joseph and the Land postage extra, 10c. of Egypt—30c, postage extra,

5c. postage 4. Pioneer 6. Making the Farm Pay—$1.00, Trail—$1.00,

postage extra, 12c. extra, 10c.

These and all other Good Books at the

Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, VLEaSE MENTION THE "ERA"

GREATEST FRONTIER SHOW OF ALL THE STAMPEDE Salt Lake City, Utah July 4th to 10th

First official World's Championship contests in broncho riding, steer roping, steer bulldogging, fancy roping, fancy riding, etc.

Races of All Kinds Cowboys, Cowgirls, Relay, Indian, Chariot,

etc., etc.

Six Big Days of Frontier Sports World's champions from all parts of the West will compete.

EXCURSIONS ON ALL RAILROADS COME!! "Lerar Enje)-o

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE -ERA"..

"Voice of the Intangible,"a thrilling story of life on the range in southern

Utah, will be continued in the August ERA.

"Some Obligations of Citizenship,"a strong and striking paper by Dr.

Ephraim G. Gowans, superintendent of the Industrial School of Utah, will

appear in the August number of the ERA.

The August Number of the ERA will be devoted largely to the Mutual Improvement Associations, though enough other matter will be interspersed to interest all our readers. M. I. A. workers will need the August number.

"Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of Mormon"by Thomas W.

Brookbank, editor of the "Millennial Star,"is the title of a series of articles that will soon appear in the ERA. To"the student and investigator of this

divine record, the text will be very enlightening.

Improvement Era, July, 1913 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, j Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Hon. P. P. Claxton, U. S. Commissioner of

Education Frontispiece Education in Utah 841 The National Education Association, Its History, Work and Misison. Illustrated Edward H. Anderson 843

Residence District, Salt Lake City. Illustration 853

A Sketch of the American Buffalo in Its Picturesque Relation to the West. Illustrated. Levi Edgar Young, M. A... 854

Accounting for Every Idle Word Edwin F. Parry 860

A Story of Pioneer Days Jennie Leigh 861

Hill and Valley. Illustration 863

Customs and Legends of Utah Indians. IV.. Enoch Jorgensen 864

John Ericsson Monument, Sweden 867

Thorns. A Poem Hope 868

The Artist vs. the Poet Alfred Lambourne 869

G. N. Child, Director for Utah of the N. E. A 876

Education in Utah. Illustrated Levi Edgar Young, M. A.. 877

Evolution of Education in Utah. Illustrated..Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall 895

Scene in Ogden Canyon. Illustration 903

Utah Public School System. Illustrated State Supt. A. C. Nelson... 904

Organization and Government of the "Mormon"Church. Illustrated Joseph B. Keeler 928

A Mountain Lake in the Cottonwoods. Illustration 928

The Church Schools.. Illustrated Supt. H. H. Cummings... 929

The "Mormon"Finance System. Illustrated..Bishop C. W. Nibley 941

Educational Value of the "Mormon"Missionary System. Illustrated Nephi Anderson 944

Utah Agricultural College. Illustrated Dr. John A. Widtsoe 953

Alfred Lambourne. Illustration Mahonri M. Young 957

Supt. D. H. Christensen, Salt Lake City. Illustration 958

The Latterday Saints'Hospital. Illustrated 959

The Y. M. M. I. A Edward H. Anderson 962

Editors'Table—Welcome Prest. Joseph F. Smith 963

A NEW ERA has begun in the commercial world. Time was when men of

business acquired whatever special preparation they possessed in the course of their employment. Today the first essential

of a successful business career is commercial education. The

more thorough the training the more certain the progress.

Through our cooperation with lhe High School we are able to give more courses, more thoroughly taught, than any other business school in the West. We meet every need.

Why pay twice as much for half the Efficiency?

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SALT LAKE CITY

REMINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATKNT8

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for onr Catalogue, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

CO.. S?2SNBROWNING BROS.

THE NEW MODEL FIVE

L. C. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Has all the successful features of earlier models with new ones added It anticipates the demands of owners and operators and is an example of the highest refinement of mechanical skill.

The ball bearings at all cardinal points, the inbuilt attachments, the keyboard ribbon control, lightning escapement, rigid carriage, are some of the reasons why this machine produces neat, accurate copy with the least amount of effort.

CO. BROS. TYPEWRITERL C. SMITH Foreign and Domestic Business, Head Office& for

Syracuse, N. Y., TJ. S. A.

SALT LAKE OFFICE, 379 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City WHEN WRITING 'I U AUi fci,//jt>, / ttzHzb MENTION THE "ERA"

EVERY MAN AND WOMANIN THE REPUBLIC HAVE A BIRTHRIGHT OF EDUCATION

Such is the inference of American democracy and such is the wonderful achievement of the

State of Utah in only two generations, due to;in early reverence for education hy the found

ers. The glory of such a heritage as this is

spurring the educators of Utali on to an absolute fulfillment of the ideal of the pione< the State.

And so the Utah Agricultural College announces that always will its doors be open to the State's men and women and boys and pirls, the essential question asked being one of sincerity of purpose and the only requirement demanded being one of industry. The College

has regrouped its practical courses. Any person over 18 years of age may enter these practical courses without examination. Any person

under 18 who has completed two years of high school work and has then decided to enter practical fields may enter these courses. Such

courses include Agriculture, Home Economics,

Agricultural Engineering, Commerce, and Mechanic Arts. Correspondence courses are given

FRONT OF MAIN BUILDING in all departments. The courses of the College

UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, leading to the degree of Bachelor of Science require certain high school preparation. These LOGAN, UTAH courses are broad and liberal. Address,

THE PRESIDENT, THE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Logan, Utah.

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and General Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohlson, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter

Why shouldn't you when every other Rood wagon quality goes along with It?

LISTEN HERE—You pay the s*me as for a high grade wooden wagon and } ou get twice

the life of the best wooden wagon made.

It's a matter of simple economy. Figure it out for yourself. No drying apart, no resetting of tires, no breakdowns, no repair bills. Any way you look at It the cheapest

wagou you can buy Is the DAVENPORT ROLLER BEARING STEEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angles, I-beam* and channels, steel In its strongest form?,

hot welded and put together like a bridge. STEEL WHEELS that are genuine trutses.

weight borne try all parts of the wheel alike. HUB LIKE AN AUTOMOBILE. Straight

spindles not tapering. ROLLERBEARINGS that are enclosed and protected from all

mud, water, sand and du*t. OIL without removing wheels, SAVE YOUR IIOU.EFLESH AND SAVE YOUR POCKET BOOK. No other wagon like the Davenport, none

as good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all a>>out It. Our catalog will explain all.

Write for it today CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., UTo IDTAHoStSvgerE.v.ADA

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA'