U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325

JANUARY, r933 Refflrn Postage Guaranteed Sal+ Lake City. Uth

As an Earnest Christian Worker'. What Religious Leaders Say

or Teacher, Sunday School examined I have Analytical the Bible with New its suitability | VQIT IVllll reference student's as Bible, to a Bible encouraging Study?, Are YOU especially for readers students of more the andc Minister Saints, of and Jesus Christ of Latterday Church

accumulation of helps to students that commends The NEW I find very much in its mechanical structure and it to me.

I am really "sold"on the value of this new production of the Bible and the helps to the study and the understanding of It; I think it would be

of high value to the people who are students not only of the Bible, but of the "new dispensation of Analytical Bible the Gospel"for which our Church stands.

(Signed) B. H. ROBERTS

Christ of Church of Jesus INDORSED BY MORMON LEADERS First Council of Seventy

Saints. Latterday

Bible use anticipated, every fully "LIVERY need met.

Is most the one of Bible Analytical The New -'- Bible is Analytical will be It of used. the work profound ever editions I have helpful The New

scholarship, yet lucid, clear and simple as A, B, C. especiallystudent whovaluableneeds tothe theverysomewhatconvenientinexperiencedhelps that

Children and young people arc attracted by the 42 fascithis edition provides by way of pronunciation of arrangeconvenient names, proper and Bible terms full nating, analysis complete of the Bible. page charts—a of explanations introductory of references, students Teachers, preachers and Bi1)le that say included usually not features other book, never menteach and

before have so many and such valualjle Bible helps been by editors and publishers.

available Contains one volume. (Signed) BENNION MILTON 1% pages—only

of Education of School Dean in inches Bible library pages of helps. A 2,000virhole thick—800in of Utah. University

volume. one handy

is most excellent Bible Analytical a New The at its Lawyers, doctors and professional are amazed men which everything contain to It seems to me declare completeness. mothers scope and Fathers and Bible. in a complete found be it Book.should

supreme for the home. Business men and housewives When I first examined it and discovered one by

to aids its little many commendable for praise the quick accessibility of one study with time its of references, its systemfeatures—its new pronunciation, light on wanted God's Word. topical Concordance, its complete Digest, and Index

notes and outlines, etc., there continually arose

in the teacher the lines about the mind in my Corrected Size 5%x8% Kirn: with 5,566 RenVersion James and gazed, they still "And Village"; "Deserted derings ilie American from Version Standard should small head one grew, That wonder still the

carry all he knew."..

opinion expresses 5:39 my paraphrased thought This JOHN

I still wonDeclare Ministers Bible. Leading Indexed Analytical of New the scriptures; the search] [Ye Search 1[ 39 informahelpful much so facts, so many der how have think in [because] ye ye them for and maps outlines, indices, of mass such tion, a THE NEW

conin one bound be testify can commentaries helpful are which they Hfe: they eternal and

volume! printed legibly sized veniently of me.

0. (Signed) DAVID McKAY 17.11. Ac. 16.29; Lu. 18.15,18; Ver. De. 46;

of the Twelve Council of Jesus Christ of Analytical ACTS Saints. Latterday 22 HThen 17:22.23TM stood in the midst of Church

and teachers to especially students, to Bible tion that in all things ye are too superperceive to assistance great will It be of also preachers.

religious]. Bible IMars'hill and said, Ye men of Ath'-ens, I The New Analytical Bible is a real contribustitious [very assistance it great of I shall find reader. busy the

beheld your to me. by, I passed as and 23 For is the Study Bible Published BEST

J. (Signed) MELVIN BALLARD of objects the your [observed devotions Council of the Twelve "THE OUTSTANDING FACTS this inscripwith I of Christ ot Jesus found worship], Church an altar

Saints Latterday GOD. Whom THE UNKNOWN TO in the tion,

worship, ignorantly him declare therefore ye Bible We like the New Analytical helps teachers and suggestions It has many to that NEW ANALYTICAL BIBLE I unto you. are very much. editions of found in other teacher's not Bibles

I acquainted. with which am in connection with of each sixtysix the Books

outlines, historical of the the completeness The corrected type Facsimile showing are in the renderings worth price of the of complete volume, of renditions insertion the from the AmerIndex, ill best binding. your Certainly minister, no brackets after references verse each and

folreferences placing of Bible, ican the method.Sunday teacher, School or church worker who

of verses, featand other different number a lowing of the knows ANALYTICAL NEW BIBLE is It helpful. interesting ures are and particularly himg.lf depsive or would herself the of many THIS BIBLE NEED YOU WHY and Authorized the in Amer- (the Bibles one two scholarly, it timesaving helps contains."

Biblical commentary. ican also Versions); a

is quotation last thirty a the above The years wellknown been have For you comparing from think that will our seminary teachers be We much minister not think did he needed who a of that new of the Version the with Text King James in interested this volume.

lie until Bible the and examined saw important Standard. the NEW American how many On (Signed) F. JOSEPH MERRILL ANALYTICAL. translation of each give exact the you passages can of Commissioner, Department Is This of a Else Kind New? version Bible—Nothing: Education

it Press! Like the Ever In the Analytical Bible 5,566 corrected have you Published—Just of Christ Jesus of Church

contains The placed in renderings AN'ALYTICAL BIBLEOff text the brackets in right NEW Saints. Latterday

is a It text. Bible not simply the complete belong. they in printed where All references are

Bibbut collection complete the Bible helps of a to 8-point verses type immediately following the I have of examination the a careful made New the containing both and Old library refer. New they History which Contemporaneous The I tests In Bible. Analytical the several have made

in \"eraon, with the King licalTestaments James follows of Outstanding each Facts Book I looking points, subjects particular and up by th renderings taken from bracketed 5,556 contains Bible Analytical 34 OutstandThe New reliable. matter supplementary to the be have found

in the placed and Version Standard binddistinctive American in inrr eight Features. It comes students to be to The can commended and Book

belong. text they where Bible readers generally.

This new form, presenting as it does so much

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, FREE Catalog valuablebe found materialwhere it arrangedis neededandin placedconnectionso aswithto text itself, the prove must to City, Utah. be Salt a genuine 44 Lake Temple E. So. is this It to describe impossible

in study. help obligation Please mail me St.,without

in this completely great space work charts The preceding individual the books illustrating cannot the describing catalog and yourNEWnew ANALYTtwo-color fail all to be appreciated use this by Bible. who twocolor us our send you new BIBLE. ICAL—let

in unique the references which way The are containing pages catalog specimen after placed verses, thus dispensing the with suis pricelist. It descriptive absoand. letters in perior figures text or the and centhe Name

lutely FREE. Clip and mail the tral column or marginal columns of references, is a

Street coupon with the facts before you so splendid feature.

E. TALMAGE opportunity to miss this as not

of for (Signed) JAMES Council the Twelve living spiritual richer and greater City. -State of Jesus Church

mastery of Bible truths. Latterday SaintsChrist of

emproueme/rt '''""'*'"*''''- Volume 3 6, No.. Editor Mareaging Harrison R. Merrill, ifclFN IIHEX/li TATVTTTADV 10?ly J/iiNUAKi, Editor Asso. Brandley, Elsie Talmage

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mututd Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST For Every Member of the Family ryHAT Will You Do With Your Leisure?"This quesEDITORIALS

tion is propounded and answered Hello, 1933 Harrison R. Merrill 160

in two articles contributed upon Community Medical Centers May Come Harrison R. Merrill 160

160 R. Merrill Harrison Beautification outCommunityrequest by two of America's

Merrill R...Harrison Released: authoritiesstanding on the subject

J. B. professor Nash,—Dr. 1 60 of EdARTICLESucation, University, York New

and Professor Eugene L. Roberts, Some Modern Trends in Education John Nuttall 1 3

director of professional training, The Frontispiece - Alice Merrill Home 133 134 Harris S. Franklin Cities Ancient of and Monte Alban education, physicalmen's Univer139 Louise Katherine Smith Mexico—Mitlaat of Fair the World's Yucatansity California. of Southern 146 Martineau Theodore the Dr. RuinsVoices Dust from

discusses general trends; ProNash 148 F. Paul George Pacific of the The Mystery

fessor Roberts church trends. Paleontology and the Book of Mormon Rasmus Michelsen 150

153 Gardner George American Great Marina Women—Dona 158 Porter C. American Indian Elizabeth comes from the our Food Most of

rjVEN the universe is undergoOur Slogan - Dons Dalby 163 ing change from day to day. Exhibition of the Utah Art Institute B. F. Larson 164

- 165 Garfield Elwin interesting article Sir TheIn an by 167 Cto're Noall Silver W. WordLinings—Let'sof WisdomHave a Party Jeans as given to WalterJames

Raleigh, the story of "An Evolving Universe"is briefly told. The FICTION

article is strikingly illustrated. The Valley of Peace Amy Carroll Stark 137

R. D. Gait 143 Business of Being a Star - f -f f The Thomas Estelle Webb AmigoCINCE hundreds of Latterday 155

Saint boys and girls of the inter-mountain region are studying POETRY at one or the other of the twelve Mazatlan Rey L. Pratt 135

institutions which go to make up SalvageSonnet of the Highway Bertha WillA. KleinmanDobson 1571 62

the Rocky Mountain Faculty AthLast Night Edgar Daniel Kramer 162 letic Conference, an article telling Unfinished Business Bess Foster Smith 162 of the ideals of the conference writForeboding Frances Hall 1 62 ten by Dr. R. J. Gilmore, secreBooks + Edith Cherrington 162

tary, will be a feature next month. Reminder Cristel Hastings 162

Winter Agnes Just Reid 162 i i i Union. Alberta Huish Christensen 162

the articles to additionTN menOceanBrotherhoodMoods KenyanJean McCalebWade 166182"will there tioned be a number pieces shorterof and some unusuDEPARTMENTS stories., interestingally

Melchizedek Priesthood 1 73 i i i Aaronic Priesthood 175 The Cover Mutual Messages npHE cover this month is selfAdultExecutive Department - 176179 JuniorGleaner GirlsGirls 181182 explanatory. It is the photoSenior 179 Vanguards 182

graph of two unusually fine look- M MenGleaners 180 Boy Scouts 183 ing Indians dressed in their war BeeHive Girls 185 regalia.—let's talk it over 192

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the IPost Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

IQ32, by the Mutual Improvement Young Men's for Acceptance mailing at B, Peterson,O. Ass't Bus. Mgr. Copyright,Association Corporation the Church of Of rate Jesus Christ mattgr.special for of postage providedGeorge Q. Morris, Saints. reserved. rights All of Latterday

in gection 1103, October, ActRachel of Taylor, price, Grant year, in $2.00 Subscription a advance;

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20C a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

tt'&SCf.jS'Mvj

SOME MODERN TRENDS IN education

By JOHN NUTTALL,JR.,Ph.D.

is a challenge in every Brighain Young's School House. It chine makes useless the skilledTHERE expression of the man who oncewas onestoodof nearthe earlythe EagleschoolGate.housesIt trades of the day before. Changed

would again live his yesterof the state. ethical ideals and occupational redays. The difficulty of meeting quirements move the influence of

issues and living in a new world back in the socalled unprogressive the home and church into relatively is often somewhat overwhelming. days. difierent places. The church has

There is no chance of going back, The difficulties of adapting to fostered educational institutions however. Once in a while a person a new world have led us to inand has maintained a wide prois able to remain in the wake of crease our facilities for training gram of instruction in its religious

progress for a short time. An exto meet the changes that come. groups BO that its influence can

ample of this was found recently Modern education has attempted meet these changed conditions as in a fifth avenue mansion in New to solve its greater problem thus they come. Art moves out from

York in which the inhabitants had imposed. When society was simthe cloister of the cathedral to the

kept out electric lights, telephones, ple and relatively static, training open spaces in nature and to the modern beauty of furnishings and the young was an easy task because portrayal of the beauties of the conveniences of equipment and had the aims were clearly formulated human form. Books are written

lived in the spirit and form of the and the machinery could be set up on every subject and in every form.

"good old days."Death opened in a somewhat fixed form. Now Recreation has become a means of

the doors and let in the light which the world changes in brief periods. exploitation for commercial profit.

illuminated the contrast. There Economic systems evolve and modLaws restrict some types of perwere expressions only of sympathy ify the methods of making a livsonal behavior but not others. The

for those who had tried to remain ing. The invention of a new magood people can no longer remain

132 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

passively inactive but must choose Those who do accept them and More than onethird had stayed on the longer; a year or job same 7.41 cent per activity something.a line of adjust do and are turning their program

for the had worked three employer same is to joy able toHealth a means out a product and effimore nearly years. were necessary doing They work

ciency. Youth must meet these cope with life. The measure of to the world and their occupations were

changes. To make it possible for school success changes with the aim of the same if not of the higher social

him to do so the institutions which and the traditional school failure status than those of their fathers.

train him must have programs is passing. No teacher who viGood articulation between the school

industry requires and that give more we the to point sions the and him,which breadth of way her modern to care suitable education for the thouthat the visionteachers a child path purpose condemns who because sands of people progress young not do who youth must follow. of his inability to do arithmetic from the junior high school to the senior

An anonymous clipping has or see clearly a grammatical defihigh school, but from the junior high school to community (From follows: to us as nition. thesecome in down With a program living.—

Life. April, School 1931, p. 149.) pupil subjects based measured on his pupils, the Greeting master asked

the ability keeps modern teacher would you learn of me? What

child as '"pO parents the modern school the reply as rapidly progressing came: And the

How shall we care for cur bodies? possible in these lines and in adsends an appeal for a change in

first shall children? rear statement of our we The How is builds a dition to life that be standards.

shall together? we work How this plea is in the of Eugene words selfsupporting happy. and live shall with our fellowmen? loyal, we How Smith. says: Randolph He is success this in coming play? aim shall That we How

For what ends shall we live? of broader living is shown by reMany schools are prevented from makfear such ing the teacher that changes parents these by pondered the words, And studies consisting cent of followwill object. heart, his parents success the most for his sorrow was inand own To after children of up records is, rightly their children they of their these learning enough, things. not touched

leave school. Let me refer briefly greatest happiness. The only mistake

is living in for the passing many make I give children. to of a study 4000 education only notVTODERN rather futhan planning for the moment results the of did you those who faces of broadthus a program It is ture. start their parents such who regular in school work little in children in that poorlyer school the a also than younger the insistence but aims

results be measured in terms of the one of our large cities. common, who push them a little faster,

pore their over torture and marks who of recent in a rule are dull a school as Pupils In study notnew values. children teachers both to and attempts by

in unsuccessful industry to according the one hundred by booksabout force their helpless offspring the beyond social class. their of standards hunOne of fields capacity in the scholars are which they with endowed.American

fiftyone specialclass dred of the and 175 Eugene Smith, (From Randolph "Educaysas it that sciencessocial found board, either paying working were boys and tion Moves Ahead.") the these scholars put all of their families, their one tovery earnings giving

practical solution of the economic, or supporting families of their own; only

political, sociological or ethical 24 were being supported by their families The second expression of this definitely record for subboys a bad is request for—not a story understanding schools. public the toproblems up normal. related ButterCommissioner by in his "TheoriesProfessor Todd junior school withdrawals high The field of the schools. Connecticut He that points out Progress"Socialof successful in Industry far than were more

it gives as a criticism the old of time in school. social been they Their median of had agency factorevery and

progress is amenable to educational wage was $18.16 a week and 35 per cent oneaim teacher and as an illustrapredetermination. The first and of them were getting over $20.00 a week. tion of the attitude that an undermost important trend in modern standing parent should take.

education may be said to be a "My husband is out in the car,"she said, to too in ashamed "He and come acarestricted to aim, notbroad Jr.y tell to I don't this, Dr. L. John Nuttally you knowis but how we alone, a measure success anddemic a have thirteen is dull. of boy he and He is superintendent of of the Salt powers inof terms education studies every night, well doesn't but he do

classes, the of his for required any the superintendent appreciations andand exin Schools. City His Lake thinks repeat he the should grade. seventh this changing in responsesnew

cards His always the have been poor educathough in the perience field ofworld. teachers after have helped school. him At

stated. variously aims are These every nearly phase tion covers first is care didn't he older but he now

the reorganionThe committee reof ity as he has been grade schoolmates.and he feels badHistoteacherbe differenthas writtenfrom histo Education2:ation of Secondary

I that to expect of not too me much am teacher. principal following a decade ago theported school

is as as as well doing his he one of list: health, worthy memhome ability tested do. She can has his incounty superintendent y Dean Ralph

bership, citizenship, moral chartelligence and finds it is only ninety percent.

acter, worthy use of leisure, voof the College of 'Education I know that my husband is bright but I

I afraid feebleminded have and am efficiency, cational command it never before."known processes. fundamental I to began question Then her about A ofmorethe atty BrighamDirector Youngof the UniversiTraining am a nonpro- statement general from told she another story. Ralph and He me

fessional source is the following: School at the University of was neat and kept himself clean and his

He has achieved success who has lived Utahy and now superintendroomhis parents,pickedheup.alwaysHe didwas theneverdishessaucywhento

loved often and much; who well, laughed

intelligent respect of the has gained men ent of the largest public hisgoodmothersinger hadand aplayedheadache.well onHehiswassax-a

of little children; the love who and read the American He Boy each has school unit in the state. He ophone.

beauty of earth's appreciation lacked never the family kept and neighborweek and or failed to express it; who has looked for is a graduate from Columbia hood radios in repair. He was keenly inothers in the best it and

J. Stanley. Jnad. Mrs. A. stand, and given the best he University where he received terestedtook entirein hischarge.garden.At Hea roadsideplanted

his Ph. D. degree. and to a route of regular customers, he had

The modern progressive school sold $23.15 worth of beets, cucumbers,

accepts the broader aims seriously. lettuce, and string beans. This money.

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 133

except for Christmas presents to his parthe modern program. The followThere is no question as to whether the

spentents, he had in the had bank. He

vacation uncle twoweeks'withhappy an a ing quotation from the Chattadesirable.American peopleThe Publiclook uponno longereducationlooksas

who is a big hen farmer and now Ralph nooga Times (School Executives upon education as something to be desired, has a vocation in sight. Magazine, Sept., 1931) serves as a sought after, and worked for; it looks

Then I said to my visitor, "You are text for an analysis of educational upon education as something to be beentirely mistaken in thinking Ralph is dull. progress: stowed, even forced upon boys and girls.

bright and have a should boyYou dull is school 50Theeverybodymain getsthingan seemseducation.to be to sec that happy.both and proud be A $10,000 education—A He

but be is home bright, saving bright. For cent boy: The boys and girls of college age will

the social advantage and for his own mabe the citizens of tomorrow and the pubture satisfaction, you should keep him at lic school children will be the citizens of school until highschool graduation but let day after tomorrow. They must be eduhim choose, as far as possible, subjects The Frontispiece cated. And a very efficient organization of

which do not abound in words and definischool people see to it that the public entions. Be patient and endure the penance By ALICE MERRILL HORNE thusiasm for "enlightenment"does not

of these years. Keep the home and music wane and that plenty of schodl jobs are

in T> F. LARSON'S, "Washwomen the hens, of adminas elaboration add and but through providedand garden now

- '- for as used Spain,"a frontispiece Will organization and supervisory istrative he graduates that he and once whenknow

Era, January, 1933, Improvement is of courses that It he the of the dull again. probable new be promotion is throughnever

will be a good business man, an effective a telling exposition of an awakened constudy. It is not surprising that in the

of principles of the fundamental will ception citizen. operation of an educa- a reliableproducer, and development and He

characteristic a with painting art. This there such conditions under discrimination tional system make a wife andchoose with

her happy."full hundred other pictures was produced.should be enormous waste of time, effort,

if surprising it will be at its continue to'THERE are several phases of the studybu Larsonof 16 monthsduring ain recentthe old sojournworld. Onefor andthis money.waste is permittedBat

actual modifications of school need but visit the galleries where these present rate. American people are too

oils are colors water and huna to witness it. it check to perceive and sensible not thesepractice adjustments found in this remarkable enthusiasm with what recogniof is growth encouraging There work. of schoolto the broader aim the his impressions painter recorded of are all children fact that not the tion ofThree of these are discussed in this ancient piles—the old churches, the ruins mentally equipped to receive the same kind

paper of the old castles, and the quaint old of training or to be trained at the same then, of France: Spain and realize that to are beginning too, rate. Some respect for the streets 1. The increased picturesque seen the even will be more schools public better for the be it would child.individuality of each streets arched lanes with and courts, and here everything. teach try to to And not

2. The elimination of the comtheir moving cavalcades of Moorish figand there is an individual who appreciates

petitive motive for learning. ures, mules, and camels, met and transthe fact that, as Dr. David Starr Jordan

or his canvas to poper in the loading use a $10,000 bysaid, there is "no 3. increase of pupil activferred The

Alaiers. of Morocco and waus -cent boy."a 50 education on process.ity in the learning discovered, lurked Larson Composition,

Various terms, "the lockstep,"amid these scenes bordering the Mediter- V/TODERN education docs not personality of the ranean. etc., charm him are used To production,""mass 50cent are believe there any

scene. French, in every What was the appearedin describing the uniformity of are are boys boys."There who lost nothing Spanish, Moorish what what revision apast in demanding and interests. ability different in nationality brush. of its Larson's and from

Spain"!'beings, in each With an ture. "Washerwomen with seror different of weath amountsare—humanin terms of what children really What is the secret of his striking picThere are boys who will produce accomplished, subtle sure he hand and a life to liveindividual an indiand are boys vice There to others. entirely drawing masterful almost with tovidual contribution make. The fields, achieve in will complex the personality of form, passion for and who

following are expressions of the washwomen as kneeling on the areen bank of intellectual endeavors which ideal: their daily they wash on poundednew large incomes: bring them the may

its faith. Snirituality stream. Its hope, in the with its stones running

will performi there are boys who increased individcharity, trend each envelop to can be by each began A modern ual's effort. And in proportion as each of Larson's pictures. He was acquiring simple tasks for meager wages.

individual increases his own store of spirittechnique without seeking its aid. A large Modern education recognizes these

uality, in that proportion increases the "Moonlight on Castle Walls"emerged, differences, does not gfive all of idealism plastic the plastered rendition; one feels (C. R. Mann: a of democracy.—the them the "same kind of training'"walls, Record, theEduc. July. 1929.) its shadow, figure and

The individual is too precious to be sacshadow on the grass, the shadow on the or train them at the "same rate."

rificed to the mass. He should be surwalls, space and material, and all envelBut modern education insists that

rounded by those opportunities for dioped in the moonlight. Besides the quality each boy is significant and that

interest, exof occupation, of materials, andversity of the whole picture is filled the community should train him.

will invite thatpression fine emotion. and encourage with him

to—make(Nicholasthe bestMurraypossibleButler,use ofAnnualhis talents.RewhichOtherpartakelarge morepaintingsor less ofof thisthese periodstated Educatorschildren arerecognizeunlike andthe factare going"that

port of Columbia University, 1928.) characteristics are "Travelers in Spain"by divergent paths to occupations

in pathological he not Every being Trees However, Spain.""Tall or and human (Buthonorable but dissimilar."

is in of that a series seen apto great advantage has in somethingthwarted him of the practical terfield) Some -five directly quality that colorspeals; forty painted can be diswater an engaging

covered, evoked. The mere recognition of from nature haunts with clean, fresh color. changes in the present educational

this quality lifts him into significance. They teem with life and, I was about to trends are:

nationality. add. Chester Tracy.) with (Henry 1. for opportunities Common

artistic quality highly posunusual It enable An (popular should all recreational social in the and is sessed painting that each by Larson hisevery child or of education)youth—regardless activities the schoolschool of with seen lovely holds touch not of color one risegifts to the or very limitations—to

each, social his in the maturity. of other paintings of any and mates same capabilities hisheight of and endowments,

and then to become a citizen of power in of course, comes from an active searching 2. Differentiated curricula so

color. paint for color must Thosethe service who of (John is of assured school progress that the commonwealth.—

first see color. enjoy and of Supt., Pack, DepartmentEdgar 1928.)

the of pressure mastery by is descent. F. B. of pioneer Larson He without

critics Occasionally of public all pupils preparaof the college tribulation; can nothing through up came

education build menof-straw to stay his hand. He is winning honors at tory subjects.

beat down but in so doing really home, in the East, and abroad. 3. Differentiated assignments

express ideas that are inherent in (Continued on page 170)

Center: One of the courts in Evening on the beach

the Temple of Mitla. at Mitla.

(pities ofzAncient yiffexko MITLA AND MONTE ALBAN

of ancient from the city of VeraRUINS civilizations are By FRANKLiN S. HARRIS Cruz.

found almost all President of Brigham Young University In some respects this over Mexico just as one is the most interesting finds people now living section from an archaein practically every part of the A third great zone of ancient logical point of view of any place

United States. In the same way civilization will be discussed in this yet discovered in the Americas.

that our present population is conarticle. It is situated about two Much of this interest results from

centrated in a few densely settled hundred and fifty miles southeast the fact that right now unusual areas, so one discovers that the of Mexico City and about six hundiscoveries are coming to light and great ruins of former dwellers in dred miles southwest of Yucatan, almost daily valuable relics are

Mexico are to be found in a few It is in the state of Oaxaca, (probeing unearthed.

favored sections. In previous arnounced O-a-hawk-a) and is just I went pretty thoroughly over

tides in the Era we have discussed west of the Isthmus of Tehuanthese ruins just two years ago (Detwo of these areas: one in the high tepec and almost directly south cember, 1930) and yet since that

valley of Mexico in the vicinity time what are said to be the most of the capital city, and the other Large carved lintels at temple in Mitla. valuable relics ever found in Amerin the low tropical forested area We estimated that one of these stones ica have been unearthed at Monte

of Yucatan. weighed 29 tons. Alban out of mounds which, at

1 K lkMS.!'-taSArf. j!m*-'SS -.J Ba "W - 'S'SSaf irtW,V.'*v<lhS<%**&*%j <rv--.Av'S*i:..4Ef''<:''!ei*'-irS**S(l! vigysfriW j.. *.V".'?<i?.:

The Improvement Era for January 1933 135

that time looked as a time, I would have monotonous as stacks of been more careful.

hay. It is difficult to The high valley of

place a monetary value Oaxaca where Mitla and on some of these relics Monte Alban are located and yet if we consider is one of the most ideal only the metallic value places to live that can of the gold and silver be found anywhere.

found in one tomb it This is doubtless one would run into six figof the reasons why imures. portant ancient civilizanpHE recent excavationsmay bedevelopedcomparedthere.withIt

tions at Monte Alany of our larger Utah ban are said to compare valleys in size and apin value with materials pearance. It is completeyielded by the tomb of (Jazatlan ly surrounded by mounKing Tutankh-amen By REY L. PRATT tains and is very difficult

in Egypt which was disFormer President of the Mexican Mission to reach. The railroad

covered in the memory running south from the of all of us. I visited j/T/Z/ERE the waves 'gainst rocky city of Mexico is the

of Kingthe tomb there. to get only way ramparts,

afin and 1927"Tut"rather drops This down ceaseless flow; Dash with ebb and fabulous the seeingter the suddenly high from

as the turquoise, sky is blue Where still of materialswealth plateau and passes remaining in the tomb Where the rarest flowers grow; through low tropical

and that which had been Where all nature's benediction valleys where bananas, to the museumremoved grapefruit, the heart oranges, soul of and man. if Calms Iat Cairo wondered mangoes papayas and peace Breathing love romance. and and there againever would thrive in winter. even Nestles quaint old Mazatlan. discovsuch anotherbe its It then winds way

after readingery; but crooked streams up and Caso's Built on granite of the ages. AlfonsoDoctor a ridge over more than

description of what he Firm, thickwalled her houses grand; six thousand feet high

has obtained from Near to shore, like sent'nels guarding. before descending into

the in 7 No.Tomb is itself valley the which islands stand. marshalled I Rockribbed group AlbanMonte five feet elein thousand to East, covered, all verdure Backrealize the that New vation.

scan, eye Far as of can man the has matchedWorld is here climate The old. The personal inStand the mighty Sierra Madres almost ideal; it is said

terest is greater from the Keeping watch o'er Mazatlan. to vary only about thirfact that it was on this teen degrees between

very mound that PresMellowed by the hand of ages. summer and winter.

Prattident L. and Rey of the houses have ocean meet. None land and and Sky

standing I were when stoves heating. for As description, a charm, beyond Where filmthe camera on my I President Pratt and complete; thing life a of Makes all I the lostcaught and sit in the would park

pictures I had taken of Let me wander back unfettered early in the morning, the place. If I had Where men live near nature's plan, in the middle of the day

known that it was to Let me pass my life just living (Continued on page 171) be so famous in so short Back in dear old Mazatlan.

Market scene in Oaxaca Modern Pottery bearing where roasted grasshopdesigns taken from tempers are sold. ples of Mitla.

alley of i ea

EMUEL'S wife Here is a romance of ancient stood in the doorway of her

America y the scene laid in the tent peering anxiously through the fast deepening twilight, pleasant valleys of South or looking down the valley to the

Central America, the characters south, where the river ran, silent and deep.

members of those two ancient That was the direction he had firstborn Ishmael, taken, herpeoples—the Lamanites and It only this morning? was it

the Nephites. The author is a seemed so many mornings ago

that she saw him standing by product of Southern JJtahy and the campfire, tall and straight a former student of the Branch and defiant—hot, tempestuous

words coming from lips that Agricultural College Cedar were so young, so tender.

City. She now is married and It had been a miserable scene,

a repetition of many such scenes;

living in Orderville. the father authoritative, critical,

have been that his strength was due to the power of God manifested through him. He always

it said was, and really, it was something could Amy Carroll Stark they not resist.

Eight years they had journeyed in the wilderness; long, tedious

years, intensified by the pangs of hunger, the fierce heat of the tropical sun, the scorching winds, the desert's burning sands. And they

had left a grave by the way, her father's. He had not lived to reach

the land that Lehi said the Lord had promised them. It was to be a

land choice above all others. So

many dreams are unfulfilled.

Babies had come to them, too, tiny and helpless, but oh, so sweet.

Ishmael was born in the wilderness and his brothers, too, Seth and

Joel. The journey was not so hard

then, for there was the children's need of her.

They had found the promised land waiting for them, abundantly rich in wild game and fruits and honey, unlimited in natural resources.

For a short season they had prospered, and life had seemed wonderful. But the old troubles

would assert themselves with recurring frequency—and then came

the separation.

She had often wished that Nedering this morning, why her faphi and his company had not left ther had been persuaded to leave them. While it was rather humilithe Lemuel, ating for and Laman all and the wealth with Til show you Jerusalem, to to eldest sons, submit of Lehi's tonight tcho is master to follow them, for comfort it held

here, whose word is law!"Lehi into the desert on the uncerthe leadership of Nephi, their

tain strength of dreams and visions. younger brother, still in those days

even threatening at times; the boy But there was really something there had been periods of peace;

stubborn and defiant. uncanny about Lehi's power over a comforting peace, a rare quality

She wished Ishmael would not people. His words were gentle and of peace which they never felt

talk back to his father as he did. kind, but they possessed an unnow.

Not but that the boy was right usual strength and power, that at And that was what was the in many of the things he said, but times made one quake and tremble matter of Ishmael. He had not

it angered Lemuel so to have his with fear, and one dared not disforgotten the time when Lehi's word disputed. He was getting obey. children were all together. Some

worse about it as time went on, And Ncphi, his son, was like of his most intimate playmates, hard and sullen, almost desperate him, even more gentle and persuahis closest friends, had been the at times, more like Laman, his elder sive, yet his reproof cut like a twochildren of Nephi and Sam and brother. It used to be after scenes edged sword. Too well she knew Zoram. After the separation he

like the one this morning, that about that, for had not four of had bothered his father with quesLemuel would come to her, humIshmael's daughters married Lehi's tions. "Father, why don't we

bled and repentant, knowing that four sons, and had there not been gather for prayers at eventide now, she was the one who had suffered repeated occasions for trouble and as we did when Nephi was with most keenly. dissension? And Nephi, the youngus?"or "Father, aren't we going

er son, had dominated them all, to plant grain this season as we insisted oil having his own way. did when Nephi was here?"or

)iHE sighed deeply, for Even when they bound him and "Nephi told me this was the bestshe was weary& with thinking, with threatened his life, he had persisted way to string a bow."

remembering. Unnumbered times in his determination, his purpose, "He didn't tell us to follow

she had wondered, as she was wonhis leadership. However, it may Nephi; he told us to follow God."

s

138 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

his father would cut in irritatingly.

"It is all the same,"the boy would persist, "for Nephi follows

God!"

.ISTS gathered

the dark, brown eyes of Mira, as coming back from her reverie, she searchingly scanned the valley again. Somewhere in its somber

depths was her boy—her firstborn. Or had he gone to the forest. Surely he wouldn't go there,

at night, with the wild beasts hungry and ferocious.

"Mother!"The voice startled

her, it was so near. She turned

and saw him standing at the cor- "You are young to say that."

ner of the tent, young and straight Mira's eyes were sad.

and tall. He had come by way of "Perhaps I could find some one

the low western hills, and not to share it with me, to have thethrough the valley—the direction campfire lighted when I returned

in which he had disappeared. from my labors, or the hunt,"and

"Is father here?"he inquired, he smiled whimsically.

his tone low and deep. "You mean Isabel?"the mother

"He is at Laman's now. They questioned eagerly.

are arranging for a hunt tomorrow. "No, not Isabel."

But you are hungry; come and "Kara?"

eat--—there is some roast left, and "Not Kara, and not Mary. I

berries."could never go home eagerly, hapShe placed her hand tenderly pily, to one of them."

on his arm, but his dark thoughts "Ishmael, you cannot possibly were far from a mother's solicitous be thinking of Zona, after so long love. They were of a father's sullen a time? Why, she was a mere

tyranny. child when she left with Nephi'

"Ishmael, when your father company."

comes tonight, don't say anything. "I was a mere boy, too, and see

He has scarcely spoken all day, how I have grown. I dream of

and then only chidingly to the her often, and my heart is always children."made happy. I would search until

"I'm not afraid! I'm not a child I found her, mother, but you hold

any more. He doesn't have to tell me back; not with your hands,

to think what strong for with them, and butme what I am too say."say, heart,"the not to looked to "KiHime—didn'tsaid youinquiredidn'tonce.even..."miss your The and what and boy

boy's brow darkened. at her tenderly. "But even with-

"I know, Ishmael, but not toplant fields and gardens, shrubs out Zona, without anyone, I could night. He is in no condition to and flowers; I'd make friends with be happier in my dream valley

control himself. He and Laman the animals, and tame them as than I am here."

is a dream, Ishmael; buthave been recalling their past grievNephi did—as we used to do.""It

ances, and have been drinking too "But Ishmael, you couldn't do don't ever follow its lure. If you

freely."that. It would be unbearably should go, there would be no one

"It becomes more unbearable all lonesome to live alone, no one to for me to talk to, no one to underthe time,"the lad interposed. talk to, no one to work'for. Life's stand."

"Idleness, fault finding, bickerings greatest joy comes from mingling "Mother, it has been hard for and quarrels! If it were not for and sharing with others."you, too."The boy's tones softyou, mother. I'd leave it all. I "And greatest sorrows, too,"the ened. "How bravely you have

would find me a little valley boy interposed dejectedly. borne it."(Conimued on page 186)

of /W Yucatan at the World's Q'air By KATHERINE LOUISE SMITH

Tills writer from MinfieapoUs writes interestingl'y of the ruins of Mexico and of their reproduction at the Worlds Fair.

For Latterday Saints there will probably be no more interesting section than that dealing with ancient American ruins.

in 1933 visitors at heights one hundred and four feetWHENthe Chicago Century of above the jungles of Yucatan.

Progress wander through When the Tulane University the anthropological section they Expedition was instructed by offiwill see a replica of the Nunnery cials of the coming Chicago Fair of Uxmal in Northern Yucatan. to select some design for the anThese ruins, remnants of temples, thropological building that would

early typify genuine American ofpalaces nobles lie and homes their choice architecture vegetationlargely covered by dense fell on ableAncientstatue,MexicanprobablyWarMayanGod. orRemarkToltec.

but they were recently visited by these ruins because they were built It is 10 ft. high, three feet in diameter

the Tulane University Expedition by the Mayas who were among and has two faces.

under Dr. Frans Blom who was the foremost of civilized people on

instrumental in making a true rethis continent. Members of the 1933 will look exactly like the

production and reconstruction of Tulane Expedition lived in these original when it was an outstandthese historic structures. These ruins, took photographs of them, ing example of the work done by

ruins were built a thousand or studied them and made notes and the early civilization of America.

more years ago of stone and were measurements for nearly four Present day architects will copy designed by skilled architects unmonths. Every inch was measured buildings, color and decorations

der whom worked slaves who carby engineers and architects and and the structure will be the piece ried endless loads of dirt up steep hundreds of plaster casts were made de resistance in the anthropological inclines. The ruins of Uxmal of sculptured details. About a exhibit which will overlook the

probably date back to the time hundred casts were made from the lake to the south of the replica of when men had no metal tools, no decorations found among the old Fort Dearborn. Visitors will

beasts of burden and no machinery. ruins, the subjects including repbe able to look at and speculate

Among them is an imposing group resentations of birds, beasts, feathabout this replica of ancient ruins.

of buildings enclosing a large ered snakes, turtles and human Most of the ruins in Yucatan have courtyard called the Nunnery befaces and figures. The ornate barely been touched for dense juncause according to the records of facades with decorations showing gles make explorations difficult.

the early Spanish friars who visited the intertwining bodies of the Chicle gatherers—chicle is used in

as feathered serpent, Kukulcan, god it sectionthis the reported occupied chewing by was gum—first the he was called by Maya were cities like vestal buried that lie in themaidens, dense formaidens

of Rome, who tended sacred fires. carefully studied and measured and ests. Dr. Gamio, a scientist of

The great quadrangle of the Nuncasts made so exact reproductions Mexico, besides exploring himself, nery and a nearby Pyramid of will be seen in Chicago. welcomes investigations by outthe Magician, Uxmal's crowning siders and as carved rocks and figachievements, will be reproduced at npHE result is that the Nunnery urines are unearthed in various

Chicago exactly as they stood when Quadrangle to be erected on parts of Yucatan and Mexico they these historic piles reared their the shores of Lake Michigan in are sent to the National Museum 140 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

in Mexico City, one of the best of The Pyramid of Cholula, Mexico. ing them. Fray Martin de Valits kind in the world. But comencia saw them in 1533 and they

paratively few persons can see the "LJOW the walls were laid, how are mentioned in old Spanish original ancient ruins or the exmosaics were engraved, how chronicles but so far no one has hibits in Mexico City so a replica stones were quarried and brought ascertained their date or solved their of the ruins of Uxmal will enable long distances are interesting specmysteries, though excavations are them to visualize the work of the ulations. No one knows and even going on under government superMayas. the Indians who live nearby say vision. Were these walls part of

Though most of the ruins on they cannot guess. The ruins of a large city that flourished and dethe coast of Yucatan have barely Mitla near Oaxaca are some of the clined? Was part of these ruins

been touched because the dense most interesting of Mexico's prethe palace of a king? Modern exjungles make exploration difficult historic cities. The late President cavators call some of the series of

work has been going on at ChichenDiaz played as a boy among these chambers "The Hall of the MonoItza as well as Uxmal where some ruins and there is just a chance that liths,""The Banquet Hall,"and remarkable statues were found and his ancestors helped to erect the "The Corridor of Mosaics."These

shipped to the Museum in Mexico Mitla compound. But these specimay or may not be appropriate

City and there are renames but are suggestsize and armains of temples and ed by thehouses a few of which rangement of the ruins.

have been unearthed. The whole may have

The most accessible been one temple or ruins in Mexico are the several public buildings

Pyramids of the Sun for there are large coland Moon near Mexico umns of hewn stone

City, which are being elaborately engraved, carefully explored and there are underground masks and small pieces passages and patios.

of pottery are sent as Some of the walls arc soon as found to the well enough preserved

National Museum in to give an idea of the

Mexico City. The type of architecture

ruins where the work and it is noted that the is done are protected doorways are massive are there square, roof or covand an ironby er great no and caution windows and is exercised SacrificialMexico City.stoneInin AztecNationaldaysMuseum,victims no arches, and

that no "finds"shall be broken, were sacrificed on this stone and the this seems significant of some of stolen or lost. A strange stairway blood ran off in the groove. the other ruins of Mexico. The

ornamented with heads of snakes "Hall of the Monolith"is in parand feathered serpents has been mens of rly architecture were ticular of great interest for its walls discovered near one of the pyraraised so far back no one can guess are inlaid with mosaics of intricate mids and it forms a mound which who built them. Today, at Mitla, designs and there are niches as if

was apparently built by adding one gazes on chiseled columns of for statuary.

one tier of dirt over another. It is magnitude and magnificence and

interesting to note that these early is lost in amazement and speculaTT has been suggested that the builders evidently had a knowltion runs rife. Who carried these builders of Mexican pyramids

edge of the earth which we have heavy and crumbling stones to this and ruins which we called prehisare often built onRecently discovered and in some place? Who carved these intricate toric—whichruins are stones engraved in such mosaics? Who raised these monoelevations—had a knowledge of

a manner as to indicate the builders liths? The Indians around say they the physical geography of the earth

understood astronomy and had a have always been there and their that we in our conceit suppose we system of time similar to ours. ancestors had no traditions regarddiscovered. Take as an instance

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 141

the remarkable pyramid of Choples built of stone. One measures writing that may aid them. The

lula, which Cortez found when he seventyfive by sixtyfive feet and theory is advanced that possibly landed had a fire continually burnsome archaeologists go so far as to some records may have been hidden ing on the top. The Aztecs found say there are no ruins of such fine in the ruins. A short time ago

this pyramid when they came and workmanship in Egypt or Assyria. it was announced that rich and

we are obliged to guess at its date. Turning to Yucatan the two valuable objects were found in a

Today a growth of wild shrubs best known and most interesting deep pool near ChichenItza. The

and a tangle of deep weeds give it prehistoric ruins unearthed to date story is that when Indians were the appearance of a natural mound are ChichenItza, a holy city of sacrificed to the gods they were bebut it is undoubtedly of very anthe ancient Mayan race supposed decked with gold and precious cient construction and is about a to have been conquered by the stones and sometimes thrown into thousand feet square. The maAztecs about two centuries before pools of sacred water. At any

terial seems to be clay brick and the Spaniards came, and some of rate in a pool supposed to have the lines of several terraces are viswhose treasures repose in the Peabeen used for this purpose were ible. Tradition says that it was body Museum of Boston, and Uxfound treasures of gold, beautifulhere that the god Quetzalcoatl mal which stands on a plaza flankly carved statues, masks of turpaused in his passage to the coast ed by hills. There are strange quoise studded with jewels and

and taught the Toltecs the art of designs on the excavations of Uxenameled with precious stones. It

civilization. The height of the mal known as "The House of the is thought that the bodies of the

pyramid is one hundred and sevDwarf"and carved ornaments of victims moldered and the bones deenty-seven feet and its base is twice leaves and flowers. The ruins are cayed but the ornaments sank to

as long as the great pyramid of well proportioned and denote that the bottom of the pool. It is reportCheops in Egypt. On its summit a highly cultured race once lived ed that negotiations are under way

stood a handsome temple in which there. ChichenItza has received with the Mexican government for

was the image of a mystic deity much attention from excavators an equitable distribution of the waving plumes of fire and pilgrims who have found many rooms or articles found.

came to offer their devotions at compounds. One called "The origin of Mayan, Toltecthis shrine. Cortez overthrew this House of the Nuns"consists of THE

temple and erected a church and many celllike rooms, the walls and Aztec culture is one oi ever since there has been a church showing sculptured serpents, warthe great mysteries of the world.-

of some sort here. Today there is riors in battle, processions of tigers Le Plongeon, the great French sci-

a chapel to which are credited many and kindred subjects. These;nay entist, thought that the Mayans

healings of disease. Ignatius Donturn out to be the handsomest antedated the Egyptians because he

nelly in one of his novels advanced ruins in America. All students of deciphered some hieroglyphics

the theory that this pyramid was these ruins lay stress on the hierowhich told how a certain queen the original Tower of Babel but glyphics for it is possible they confled from what is now Yucatan it is easier to accept Prescott's histain some key which will assist and made her way to the Nile some tory. Now, as for hundreds and in translating the ancient writing tens of thousands years ago. But

hundreds of years, the wayfarer and solve the riddle of these strucall scientists do not agree with him climbs to the top of this pyramid tures. What is needed is a Rosetta though they honor his researches.

over a stone stairway that has been stone. It is theorized that the AzOne fact remains and that is that

the route of religious processions tecs came down from the north Mayan symbols are much like their Egyptian ones and pyramids It sinceever the Spaniards came. and conquered the Mayans who

as those are as remarkable of Phathe ascentis well for the worth in lived in these places and they view from the top is superb. Three turn were overcome by the Spanraoh's land. Some day a Rosetta

snow white volcanoes are in the iards. In their mistaken zeal the stone may be found which will

distance and at the foot of the order was sent by the Conquistaunravel these mysteries. Some dayelevation is the town of Cholula dors to the Indians to bring all some expedition may find ruinswith a church with fortyseven their books to Mexico City where which will give the story of the

domes. Yet we go to Egypt to they were burnt. So the history land we call America and the peosee pyramids! of these races, their customs and ple. Slowly expeditions like that

traditions went up in smoke. There of Tulane University are penetratfastnesses ing into once where was scientists are a are notice hopeplaces few many, who many weTN

it civilization, aboriginal but may all ful records that denot were these selected ancient people how secrets years before the these of be these searchers stroyed the of andelevations inbuild to upon. For

are revealed. ruins Meanwhile no are the for ruins lookout some onstance, just outside the of charming

is credentials one allowed without town of Cuernavaca, where Cortez to investigate or excavate ruins in Maximilian had bothand summer the of us. country south To solve residentshomes and where many races the of ancient problems is a heated theof City enjoy Mexico

serious responsibility to only be isspell, there a lizard a hill with those skilled hisin undertaken by feetin stone nearly nine long on torical architectinterpretation of its great a top, distance not and ure excavators guided and by by is eagle in that stone anaway archaeologists. Visitors eminent

measures three feet from tip to tip. to the replica of the Uxmal NunMore remarkable still about fifteen nery in Chicago are, however, at

miles from these specimens of early liberty to pursue their investigaart are the remains of Xochicalco An Era of Improvement tions further, and to learn from where are ruins that look like temSeen in France reading the story of these ruins.

Illustrated by Cecil Smith

"And in the State Aggie game, he had dropped back... to boot a

placement over the bar."

"'And then the doughty quarter back passed it quickly into his own waiting fianrfs."

White was a star. Supple of body,W:ENDELLsturdy of leg, and fleet of foot, he was

the best fullback who ever carried the scarlet and black of Whitney College into scrimmage.

When White came to Whitney, Coach Ellis chuckled. For seven years, the larger, more affluent State University had ground Whitney elevens

into the gridiron dust and had made the smaller college like it. With Wendell White's coming,

Coach Ellis saw a glimmer of hope for the future.

At last, a star had come to Whitney. And what a

star Confidently, through three football seasons, Whitney watched its star gain lustre. There was nothing

on the gridiron that Wendell White could not do.

The performance of feats, during the first three years at Whitney, became his business—the business of

being a star. Then approached the day for which

all Whitney had planned since Wendell White's arState Unirival on the campus—the day when the

versity should taste the bitter dregs of defeat. From

the first, Wendell White had been pointed for this achievement.

And it was not strange that Whitney had put "Business of"Being By R. D. GALT

Vendell White found that starring on a football team has its dark moments and—Its compensations.

absolute faith in the star Scarlet and Black fullslumped on the sidelines and eyed the mechanical preback. In the first game of the current season, with cision with which the Scarlet and Black eleven ran

but two minutes to go, White had run a Morris through signals in the final practice before the U-

College punt the full length of the girdiron to turn Whitney game. He was aware of the faith placed

certain defeat into victory. Later, against Webster, in his ability. He could not fail Whitney. Even the

he had shot the longest forward pass ever hurled at cheer leaders had originated a yell using his name.

Whitney, to send the visitors home on the short end of the score. And, in the State Aggie game, he had J\ FOOTSTEP sounded on the turf. He

dropped back to the thirtyfour yard line, when all looked up. Ruby Chansler stood over him. Her lips

else had failed time and again, to boot a placement twisted into a wistful smile as she laid her hand on over the bar for a three to nothing win. Each of these his shoulder. He looked long at the curving lips and

accomplishments added weight to the fullback's gray eyes without saying a word. Finally, she stooped

shoulders, for once executed, the plays became, accordand squeezed the jerseyed arm in her two hands.

ing to Whitney's way of thinking, only a part of a "You'll win for us, won't you?"she asked earnestly.

star's repetoire, to be reenacted at will. The fullback's lips parted as if to speak and came

November daylight was fading, as Wendell White together silently.

144 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

"I know you will!"said Ruby confidently. "The

U hasn't a chance!"

"Why do you say that?"asked White quietly,

solemnly. "Whitney has a star!"returned the girl, giving the

arm another tug that sent the blood thumping through White's body. "A star is all we need!"

White started to protest, but Ruby shook her head and he refrained.

"The business of being a star!"mumbled Whitney's star, as he stumbled, head down, across the

gridiron to the gymnasium. But there was spirit

behind the words. Although Wendell White did not

realize it fully, the girl, who jammed two tiny fists into her scarlet and black sweater pockets and watched him disappear, had forged the strongest link in the chain that held him fast. He must not fail! He

must not fail! She was depending upon him, tool

IHE next day dawned still and chill.

Not a breath of wind swept across Whitney Field, but there was a nip to the air that numbed inactive fingers. Coach Ellis moved from group to group in

the noisy dressing room under the gym. The Scarlet

and Black eleven was in the midst of donning moleskins for the last time that year, and some of them, for the final time in their lives.

"Fifteen minutes more, and it's good night U!"

chirped Phil O'Harc, end, to break the silence.

"They think they're good enough to get our fullback before he gets started!"jeered Center King. "I

heard one of them say that the old White streak wouldn't get away so lucky in this little setto! Can

you feature that?"

A roar of laughter was sufficient answer.

"They haven't faced you, boy!"confided Halfback Kenny, patting his teammate's knee.

White flushed.

"If I knew which player said that,"continued King confidently, "I'd tip you off so you could punch the first touchdown through his position!"

"How many?"asked Tackle Henderson, pausing

in front of Whitney's star. White was busy over his

shoes. "As many as I can,"responded the fullback calmly.

"I'll give my best, fellows, but don't bite oif too big a chunk. It's going to be a battle!"

But the enthusiasm of the Scarlet and Black eleven could not be squelched. "Old kill joy!"bellowed

Johnnie Lewis, quarterback. "You know you're

going to win this game. Why, that bunch couldn't

stop you with a machine gun. Nine rahs for Big

Bertha, just to show him that we know who is going to win this game."

And the "rahs"boomed to the rafters.

Wendell white's face was set in grim lines as he followed his teammates to the sidelines of Whitney Field. Something was weighing

him down. Possibly it was the business of being a

star!

When the cheering subsided. Coach Ellis gathered

"Wendell White turned to meet his confident squad about him. "Men,"he said,

Ruby Chansler as she vaulted the low throwing his arms about the shoulders of the two barrier."

nearest, "let's go into this to make up for all those years of defeat! Lots of snap! And remember, the

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 14S

U is just a trifle worried this trip! Keep them on the defensive,

if you can, and toward the end they ought to wobble. Then

send White through. Let him punch! Lewis, don't forget!

We're ready!"

Sweaters sHpped from the Scarlet and Black eleven as if greased. A moment of adjusting helmets followed. One or two

strips of tape were wound around fingers. Now and then, a

player paused to eye the U line as it formed to run through a few preliminary signals. Quarterback Lewis cuddled the ball in the

crook of his arm and waited until > every member was set. Then he

handed the football to the center and the Whitney line went down.

Wendell White crouched and felt a tingle of blood race through his veins. His body quivered; the action of his heart was fast; he could

hardly breathe.

Then a signal was given. He saw the ball leave the center's

hands, and in an instant, he was carrying it against his body.

With the touch of the smooth pigskin against his nervous fingers, every muscle ceased twitching and he was at once a cool, mechanical machine, ready for action. He forgot the yelling

crowd, forgot the opposing team, forgot everything but the a star,business that loomed before him—the business of being

"A little louder,"he shouted at Quarterback Lewis'back, as a new signal was given. "Take it easy! No fumbles today

Hit lower on that play, left tackle! I can't go through unless

you make some sort of hole! Try it again!"

IHE line formed, a brisk mumbling of numbers issued from the quarterback's throat, the ball shot backward, and White met it. The play went through an imaginary foe's

line and the Scarlet and Black was ready for the real contest.

White dropped back to the sidelines for a bit of whispered advice from Coach Ellis, and the ofiicials appeared upon the gridiron in the meantime. Just as Whitney's fullback turned to go, a

messenger thrust a telegram into his hand. Coach Ellis tried

to grasp it, but White had the yellow sheet outspread before the coach could interfere.

"Win for us,"was the plea from Mother and Dad

Ellis slapped the fullback's shoulder in relief.

"You can't afford to lose, now,"he said, "Ruby Chansler is backing you, too, old man. And listen!"

"Watch the White streak go through the U.

Poor old U!

But what can it do?

Can anyone stop a streak of White?"

Wendell White turned his head. The yell continued to float

across the chalked gridiron. Whitney's star trotted to his position with set lips.

The U kicked off. White became a man of tense muscles,

as he waited, far back on the field. The whistle shrieked.

Simultaneously a brown oval soared end over end toward the

Scarlet and Black eleven. Quarterback Lewis smothered the

pigskin in his long arms and the game was on.

For the better part, the first half was an even battle between two lines. The ball passed from team to team,

through failure to make the necessary yardage in four downs. "The girl,.. approached the silent

with an understanding look afraid to wereBoth quarterbacks account of fullback call for punts on on her face."

field dangerous brokenopposing runners. Wendell White was

not asked to participate in the weary (Contmued on page 189) 14S

This huge olla is 8 feet high and 8 feet in diameter.

Tom the T>ust By THEODORE MARTINEAU FORand manyscholarsyearshavehistorianswrestled whenceWho didweretheythesecome?people and fortyand Chihuahua,years of residenceadequatein ArizonaprotecAccording to the Nephite rection for the inmates has been the in vain with the problems

relating to the origin and early ord the Gadianton Robbers made prime object of the builders. Port

history of the Indian tribes inthese mountain fastnesses their holes are so arranged as to comhabiting this land when first exstrongholds about the beginning mand the approach, which in many the Era, Christian instances a (3 Nephi leaning pole is but with this, ofplored by Europeans. And 1-27, also and vast else 2-17), notches cut for footholds, numor for moretoo, despite the fact that

it is at lived of there bers times a them out narrow pathway hewn has a history such a centurythan until the cliff wild which of solid the upon game walls. reach. easy withinbeen

scarce. subsisted they became

are, as rule, a doors about The really honbroad-minded and flocks raided the herds and They A feet a at the top, wide two and willing willest for be seeker Truth it their at enemies, of times, and little is at the wider which bottom as evidence accept suchto may to seems reasonable suppose, they eighteen inches the some above regardless possession, his into tilled soil doubtless their the ofcome floor, a a with foot notch about it its or origin valleys. fromof upland whom deep half about that and exwide

is it for received, and bemight tending so in that endownward a this lived in people is article written. this thatsuch npHAT tering, the foot be passed may state of constant almost warthat evidence have abundant first it thus through We unmaking fare little for admits of doubt but the to lyingthe southward country necessary to the bend double body cave every built dwelling was with once milesfor of thousands was in order to enter the See room. in the of furnishing purpose view particularly populated,densely and 1. photo No.

its for security inhabitants, andis state this true of the of Chihuaare the Seldom hill than doors more or peak commanding washua in northern Mexico. every thirty inches in a height so that fortified as to serve either a strongSo dense was the population of hold or as a point of observation. person of ordinary size must stoop

the Sierra Madres of that region One stone fort near the Largo Valto enter, thus putting him at a that every foot of available land ley is almost one thousand feet in disadvantage where the cave man must have been intensively cultilength by about onethird of that is defending his home with a club vated, a fact attested by the nuin width, with at least three paralor his battle ax of stone. The

merous terraces of stone built across lel walls inclosing the inner works. few windows found in the outer

every ravine or other place where The spring from which they obwalls are seldom more than four- a few feet of soil might be saved tained their water is some distance teen inches square and usually have from being carried away by erodown the hill and in order to proheavy oak bars set into the masonsion. Where irrigation was necescure this necessity with safety they ry about three inches apart.

sary canals were built with as perbuilt zigzag passages down the hill fect a gradient as would be possible in such a manner that the water VI/HERE the buildings are more by our best engineers and the roads carrier was quite safe from the than one story in height, the and trails which they laid out spears and arrows of an enemy. builders laid peeled pine poles

through the rugged mountains In almost every one of the hunacross the top of the walls, usually showed a skill which bespeaks a dreds of cave dwellings visited by about six or seven feet from the high order of intelligence. the writer during his more than floor and on top of these poles

The Improvement Era for January) 1933 147

were laid from two to four inches oration of their pottery, and in the come from the North during the of stiff clay or cement for a floor making of cloth and other articles. period from the twelfth to the

of the upper room. The cement and other materials fourteenth centuries.

These poles, about four inches used in their buildings were of far When they came and how long in diameter, were cut with a stone better quality, and their workmanthey were on the way is very much ax and when brought from a ship as builders leaves no doubt as involved in mystery to the averdistance, a notch was cut a few to their greater knowledge and skill age student of history, but when inches from the end to protect the as compared to those who came viewed in the light of our Nerope from wear while they were later and repaired some, and rephite chronicles, the difficulty disbeing dragged to their destination. built other dwellings. Another appears.

The marks of stone axes upon the discovery which seems to bear out poles are very plain for in the dry this idea was made when we noticed 'TpHE last great battles which dust of the caves, wood and other that the floor of a room which we resulted in the utter destrucobjects are almost immune to decay. had cleared was considerably higher tion of the white race upon this

While digging among the ashes above the ground than was usually continent occurred between the and refuse from the dwellings we the case. After breaking through years 385 and 400 A. D. and the

found many pieces of fabric woven the floor the charred remains of final entry in the record by Moroni from wool or some other kind of a roof or ceiling poles were found was about the year 421 A. D. from

fine fiber but to our which date the surgreat regret these vivors—Lamanites

specimens were lost and Indians, disapon the way home. pear from view for

Several varieties several centuries.

of corn and of These peoplewhom beans were found, we shall now call also the seeds and b y their better stems of squash, known name of parts of potatoes, Indians had bepieces of cooked come a degenerate, mescal such as the flesh eating race natives now use in who soon separatthe making of liqed into various uor, and the bones family units which of fish, deer and later became tribes turkeys. We also found shoes of Scene from interior of the Penasco, and in some instances, nations. As

twisted fibers of the aloe, a few sea Colorado Cave. game became more scarce they scatshells and many broken specimens tered far and wide.

of beautifully decorated pottery. mingled with the cement which Some of these tribes, notably the

poles. covered the once Unin had is far superior pottery This Pueblos and of Zunis New Mexico,

this layer derneath another veryits coloring the and texture to any we of AriHopis and Moquis and have seen from our own state. Achard and well polished floor was zona settled down to agricultural

cording to a statement made to me encountered. Here were many pursuits and built permanent

by the late Prof. Paul Henning who broken pieces of kitchenware of homes, while others, no doubt,

was for a number of years con- a surprisingly beautiful color and with the chilling blasts of Winter nected with the National Museum texture, and quite distinct in colholding them in their icy grasp, oring pieces quality the and fromin figures coloring the Mexico, and to the were impelled follow Summer floor, upper or found on the out ollas in the offound upon some southward. must and painful Slow the in yard. of possession were symbolic been their have journey, burdenedmy

the religious beliefs and ceremonies How do these findings agree as they were by their goods, their the with of history what we know a peopleof undoubtedly had their children infirm. aged who and and of peoples those inhabiting Mexico at familiar timebeen with some their strength of manhood The prior to the Conquest? leastat of teachings of the some their fallen and had womanhood are Historians fairly well agreed cross, faith.the Christian in the The neither they wars and had that of the peoples then many square,the a compass, the dove livvehicles beasts of nor burden.

in ing valley the of MexicO'had feet, otherwith and human many travel could they but Hence slowmarks, he said, indicated contact ly, and were no doubt compelled with a people having a highly deto halt during the cold season in veloped religion. After dwelling in the order to protect themselves from

From observations made in the southland for forty years freezing.

Penasco Colorado cave dwellings, Thus years, perhaps centuries, it seems quite evident that these Theodore Martineau presents elapsed before they again reached houses were occupied by two difsome data in the following the lands where their fathers had ferent peoples rather widely and at separated periods time. of The article which will be of interestablishedthey rebuilttheiror repairedstrongholds.the damageHere

older inhabitants were much farest to those interested in the wrought by time's relentless hands, ther advanced in civilization than freIndia?i peoples of Amerand then passed on leaving a few

were those who came later if we brief chapters of their history bemay accept the evidence of their ica. hind in the Penasco Colorado and

greater skill in the design and decin many other cave dwellings.'

"(ijKystery

ofthe Pacific

By GEORGE F. PAUL

Sail with George F. Paul and Caftam Ault over the seas to

The Mystery of the Pacific. Are these also expressions from

the minds of those who went down to the sea in Haggotks ship?

spots In all the length volcanic rock, or how, without the lee of an overturned image,FEWand breadth of the globe some mechanical help, they could and again, beneath the overhanghave the enthralling interest lift these weights over the crater ing branches of a group of fig trees.

that is centered around Easter Isrim, transport them long distances Here we ate the ripening fruit and and rear them on end. enjoyed It.land, "the mystery of the Pacific."

the ranch of two "We visited of the nonof the crewMembers the listen to Captain Ault Scotchmen charge have of who de- T ET us "Carnegie,"ship,magnetic clared it to be the wonder spot in as he tells the story of his visit: ranch where 35,000 sheep are kept.

their cruise of 110,000 nautical "We were welcomed and guided We dug into some of the ancient miles in all oceans of the globe. to the harbor by the entire popugraves and brought up some of

boats, get into lation could who skulls the curiously the carved of Pacific, is island in the SouthThis out llie with governor came his ancient buried been had chiefs who to Chile, miles fromabout 2,000 all flag seemed flying Chilean and there. in 1888, annexed it waswhich

faces. It to see delighted had new

It is on this island that are prebeen six months since the Island "Sewell had a fight with two served the enduring memorials of had had a visitor. hawks that had adopted the image

as retheir mountain home, and stone. These in cyclopeanworkers and dinghy our lowered "We sented our coming. swooped They are far beyond great images stayed ashore. Mr. the sped with We angrily to within a few down islanders. present thecapacity of ranch, the of manager Edmunds,

These stone statues are huge masses for lunch and enjoyed fresh roast inches of his head.

of tufacrowned human shapes mutton, lettuce, cucumbers and "The Scotchmen blamed all our mounted upon platforms, usually bananas. The next day we all bad luck, rain, no photographs

along the edges of the cliffs. They took to horses and rodeeight miles and hawk fights on our having

are found in all stages of developto see the famous Images. Several disturbed the slumbers of the anment, from the partly hewn block of the party had never mounted cients in their stony sepulchres. We

in the quarries to the monument a horse before, so they decided to had lunch under the shelter of an finished and erected in place. They walk for the last five miles, just to overhanging ledge where a huge

are claimed by the traditions of rest themselves. Some of the horses image had been carved out. From

the islanders as the work of their had ridgepole backs, which is this point we could see images in forefathers down to quite recent probably the reason that some of every direction, in every position, r aerations. Yet, despite the trathe party found it more comfortand in all stages of completion,

(i -ion, it is difficult to see how a able to walk than to ride. mute testimony to the sudden stop-

-; )plc unacquainted with metals "And it rained nearly all day. ping of all work by the slaves who

could hew these great masses of Once or twice we sought shelter In were doing the carving.

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 149

Strange nionunients on Easter Island in the South Pacific, about 2,000 miles front Chile. In the island's

small area there are 555 statues, cut front laa. They range from 3 to 70 feet in length.

W/carryhad camerasthree nativeand lunch,boysandto ment,seems dealtto be outthe forchiefrobbery,crime, whichis to hooksimages. and marvelously carved

when we returned on board, we sentence the guilty person to work paid them with sugar and an old in the garden for a day. A forTN one small hut, consisting of

coat. Money is of little use on the mer governor, who had been a one room with a dirt floor,

island. The natives prefer flour, Valparaiso policeman, had built lives a family of four women.

sugar, clothing, soap, and especial- a small box, in which the prisoner There was a pile of sticks in one ly lacking were needles and thread. had room only to stand up, no corner, a small pile of corn in anAnyone with an extra pair of black room to 'swat'the flies or mosother, a raised platform with some

trousers could have had anything bedding in a third corner, and in on the island for such a treasure. the fourth corner a more elaborate-

"Here we again carried on our ly equipped bed, about five feet scientific observations on ship and above the floor. A few magazine

shore, keeping the recording instruillustrations were tacked to the ments going night and day for wall, some straw was scattered three days. The tents were usually about the floor, otherwise there

surrounded in the daytime by a was no furniture and the walls crowd of natives, curious to find and ceiling were full of cracks out what the strangers were doing through which the rain entered and watching for any freely. The whitecov-

little present we might ered bed, elevated above give them. the dirt, gave a startling

"Our old guide of effect of a shrine amid 1915, Juan Tapara, squalor, of a best room was there and rememin the middle of the bered us. In general kitchen.

there was a decided im- "And here lived the provement in the manold grandmother, one of ner of living. Many are the few surviving nagrowing yams, sweet tives of the early days.

potatoes and corn and She spoke only a few raising sheep and cattle. 'words of Spanish and

"The doctor held several clinics, The ship Carnegie under full sail. was proud to speak them all at

treating the natives for various once when we entered the hut complaints, mostly rheumatism, quitoes, and one day usually provwhere she was squatting in front injuries from horseback accidents ed a cure. of a small fire of corncobs in the

and stomachache. governor's The the floor, of boiling middle a few

vilthe about wandered "Wewife, a native the teaches woman, grains of corn for the dinfamily lage, the geraadmiring gorgeousschool, priest and a comes from ner.

the mainland once a year to care niums, snapdragons, hollyhocks The bed is for a fair grandfor the religious life of the village. and others of the oldfashioned daughter, about 16 years old, "the

The people are poor, but they are flowers we have known so well; jewel and treasure of the family,

happy, live in a fine climate, and chatting in Spanish with the nathe rose born to blush unseen, on seem to get along very well totives, trading wearing apparel for this island of mystery, far out in gether. The most severe punishsmall stone images, old stone fishthe boundless Pacific."

.

PALEONTOLOGY AND THE

'Boo ofJWormon By RASMUS MICHELSEN

"And it came to pass that we did find his work, "The Discovery of Los Angeles Museum of History, the journeyed land of promise, upon as we wilderness, in beasts America"(1892), like so many Science and Art, and there to view that there the were in the forests of every kind, both the cow others, has to take a little jEling a very splendid collection of at the the horse, ox, the the and ass and and and Book of Mormon and in mounted fossil skeletons, excagoat."the wild goat the I Nephi and this wise:

18:25. vated under the direction of the

"And also all manner of cattle, of oxen, "It is extremely difficult for an imMuseum during the years 1913 to cows,and and of wvj?!ft;*fSKi 1915 from of sheep, and

swine, and of some tar pits goats, and also located o n ma n y other what was kinds of animals then known were which useas Rancho La ful for the food of man. Brea (the

"And they Tar Ranch) also had horses, This ranch and asses, and was a tract of there were eleland of about phants and curethirty - two loms cumand acres contain-

; all ofoms

which were useing a large ful unto man, number.o f

and more espethese tar pits cially the eleand in which phants and the many anicureloms and mals of precumoms."Ether historic and

9:1819. later times

had been enwas a time, not so Skeletun of Imperial Elephant from trapped and perished. This tract

Rancho La Brea.THERE very long ago, when the Courtesy Los Angeles Museum. of land was eventually donated by

above quoted passages from its owner, a Mr. Hancock, to the

city is of Angeles, Los and now poster to a concoct narrativethe without of quite were Book Mormon as located Park, Hancock known blunders that easily making can debe in, believersembarrassing to and tected critical a scholar. Wilshire by on Boulevard, example, For Los Anof,defenders this sacred volume, the of rein the passage Mormon, Book geles. collection fossil reThis offor, as is well the of known, many ferred to, in blissful supremely ignorance is as regarded mains richest the of hereanimals the mtroduces sheep, as well the oxen as named, and and most

its in the kind world, students and iron, smelting into knowledge of preCo- theprominent horse, them among of the of Book should lumbian America."Mormonwere not this continent found on

it, fail to visit not Los when inat the time discovery of its by Columbus. DUT, somehow he reckoned Angeles. A census taken revealed

without his host when he esthat at least four thousand two

Indeed, our esteemed and sayed in this manner so easily to hundred and sixtyfour individual staunch defender of the Book of dispose of the Book of Mormon. animals were entrapped in these tar

Mormon, B. H. Roberts, in his It somehow will not stay dispits.

very excellent work, "New Witmissed. Time is a friend of truth,

ness for God,"Volume 2, pubas well as a friend of innocence, npHE Los Angeles Museum has lished 1909, expresses himself and nobly has it again vindicated issued two publications dealing thus pertaining to this point: "In this claim, this time through the with this fossil collection. One is

the present state of our knowledge medium of paleontology, the named "Notes on the Pleistocene the subject, be adupon it has to science deals of branch with Fossils which from Rancho La Brea,"40 that it constitutesmitted of one life as revealed plant animal and pages, other, the "Paleontoloand our most embarrassing difficulties."through their fossil remains. gy No. 1,"of 80 pages. I can do

The noted philosopher, John It was the writer's privilege, no better than to quote briefly from

Fiske, of Harvard University, in about two years ago, to visit the these.

The Improvement Era for jmiuary, 1933 151

Ranciio t(, Brea. Skt'lftan of w. f Ox of '*''"/'[ Museum. Skeleton reles /ingfAn Los Courtesy

"In the science department of the Mufrom Pit No. 10 is of a period much later species (Carnelop hesternus). * * * T'he

seum are exhibited a considerable number than the typical Rancho La Brea fauna; mounted specimen has a height of more

of mounted skeletons and many skulls the time being either within the Recent than seven feet."Page 48.

and of bones prehistoric animals, later latest period, the that or very than were not presence of of horses bands in the "The trapped in the pits asphalt time. of of age Pleistocene of portion La Rancho The vicinity of the asphalt deposits the, during Brea, their bones this and in oil preserved in specimen measured perhaps the be may

is period testified of accumulation clearly to the present day. years, in of but not These thousands probably animals were

the these by remains of numerous mammals "of the Pleistocene, Glacial tens or the thousands.'34. of Page Epoch,

at Brea. found La Rancho While many geological period immediately preceding

are in collection, individuals recorded the I 1, Paleontology No. From the live, in one which as the we known

all of a single species. to belong In them asRecent follows: quote Epoch. represent the type They

stage of general in evolution and body great of beasts that inhabited North Amerthis structure resembles type the S. recently described modern has "A. Romer ica at that time extinct and which became

differing horse, latter the although in from Fillmore, a cave near Utah, deposit frompossibly before the appearance of and man specific details. a of Standing number camel, a preserved skull a of remarkably replacedwere 8. types."by modern Page

fifteen feet) approximately hands species (5 repto the undoubtedly belonging "The Imperial Elephant was the largresented at Rancho La Brea. The preservathe withers (shoulders), this animal comat

est of all land mammals, ranging in height tion of the specimen and the facts conpared favorably in height with an average from twelve to fifteen feet at the shoulcerning its occurrence have led Romer to sized modern horse. In the fossil form the

ders. Jumbo, the largest modern elephant conclude that camels of this species were skull is somewhat domed in the region of

on record, measured eleven and a half feet, living at no very remote date on the North the forehead and the sutures separating the while the average of the modern elephant is American continent. Additional evidence individual bones of the skull in this area

around nine feet. It is remarkable that of this character may tend also to give a give a slightly different pattern from that

practically all the elephant remains found more youthful aspect to the Rancho La seen in living specimens. In these two

in the asphalt species taken beds were excharacters Brea the from Rancho La 20. assemblage."Page a Brea

*single * * deposit, as Pit the asses. or the to resemblance No. 9, known hibits some as the camels apforeign "Strikingly

'Elephant Pit.'There, in an area fifteen pear to the North American mammalian The abundance and widespread distribution

by twentyfive feet, with an extreme depth life of today, this group of animals durof horses in North America make the apof nearly thirtyfive feet, were found bones ing the Age of Mammals was well repreparent disappearance of the group in the representing many elephants, together with sented over the northern continental area region prior to the advent of the white man a number of Mastodons and a great quanof the New World. Apparently only in an added and an unusual feature of their

tity of bones of the Ancient Ox, Giant late geological time have they disappeared long and eventful career."Pages 5354.

Sloth, Camel, Horse, Lion, SabreTooth, camels this region. * * * The entirely from

Bear. * Cave and single From a recent Tribune news arWolf American * * The to a all belong Brea La of Rancho

Mastodon must have existed in great numticle (1931), I quote:

its fossilbers, as are nearly remains found slice years a "Ten thousand of ago in the States,everywhere In United some Sloth Ground a meat choice was mightycases these remains been associhave so dish really in the circles best of Nevada, article author The of thisated with of implements human manuHarrington, R. Curator the M. of Southitfacture belief to suggest existthe as that is west Angeles) paleontologist a (Los not a said in but Museum, he untiled after the appearance of man."

here. statement reHarrington, just who 17.Page is student the a careful of turned Cave, near from Las VegGypsum

a lot with the as, Nevada, gossip of interesting horse, enjoys had "The camel, distinction originated the folks the Book of Mormon and a keen about of having with chummed around who in North extinct associas bigAmerica as Grizzly here after and becoming Bears, and horses that countries spread a;nd to other and camels were observer. We feel that some slothsated withspecies had

there perpetuated itself. * * * Both llamas of the documentary evidence less than five feet high, * * * Apparently

true inand early camels abounded

Pleistocene and he offers here will be of inmanhorsesassociatedand camelswithinextinctthe lastGroundphase Sloths,of themiddle Great Plains time on the or Ice of America. Age Northand in California."Page 30. terest to our readers. although Pleistocene

this in the cave From evidence was 10,000 "The most sensational discovery of the as he says the best evidence years ago or more."

asphalt beds was that of a human skull, nearly perfect, and various fragmentary of the Book of Mormon or ANOTHER news article from bones, unquestionably belonging to the the Bible either for that matthe Salt Lake Tribune of July individual.same * * * Dr. J. S. Merriam,

who has studied the occurrence, says in his ter is the book itself. 12, 1931, has this to say regardpreliminary report: 'The evidence as a ing a find of Mastodon remains

whole indicates that the human skeleton near Cromwell, Indiana:

152 The Improvement Era for January, 1933 "The finding of the arrowhead in coneffort in that direction. How well

nection with charcoal and a buried tree or poorly they succeeded is perhaps in the uncovered stratum same makesstump fact best that today by the shown the here Indiansit probable were when fifty sale it has an annual of about killed possible died even they andMastodon the animal for food. Indians are known thousand copies. Countless "shafts

to have inhabited this country from 4000 of falsehood and derision"have to 5000 years ago. Dr. John T. Sanbeen hurled against it; theory after

paleontology of and curator ford, geology that said the findtheory advanced by its enemies andat Buffalo the Museum, ing of fresh water shells and plant remains skeptics with a view of discrediting similar to, if not identical with, modern it; such as the Solomon Spaulding

species in the clay surroundings and below theory, the Riley theory and many animals the intimates alsothe mastodon flat all fallen others, but have and first bedate later thanlived at a much like the rising vanished before dew as lived It the beasts is probablelieved.

recently as one thousand years ago, accordsun.

ing to Sanford."The Book of Mormon is just

it inbe, claims a divinely to what laas MICHELSEN IJASMUS approaches here what have We * in of the born near record dealings of spired a on farm 1862 for the confirmationactual Book city the of Aarhus, Denmark. He v/ith ancient inhabitants the God this point aof on and Mormon, to in oame In Utah 1880. 1924 the ot Continent Western and who his he native to mission a went on recently until was verywhich in times prophets past mighty had land. "Since return from my my embarrassing ourprobably most to leaders inspired guide them. says, mission,"and he "I have given meet.difficulty hardest to the and of the thought more Book Mormon fine place persons who To inscientists, the haveTrue, who study than at previous and any time it truth, divine phraseology above

it love reverence for enand find, the and estimate has thevestigated my strongly, appeal not what but increased I may correspondingly. Now the occurred near to havetrapment riches a treasure eternal feel of house free to say it is indeed a book variGlacial Period,close of the priceless of value, grandly eloquent, it those prayerful is to with who, terminated estimated to haveously notwithstanding real the severe simplicihearts, receptive to minds and

ty of its language."years to 25.000 15,000at from spiritual will closely scan values

the into gradually mergingago by its it light in the pages—reading in period Period, or whichRecent in of the prophetic promise made for alike their their hairy wool, it is plain, also live. Butwe now the last chapter of the book. very flesh also as beasts and of burden. that above, statements quotedfrom

they are not very sure about this At the time of the conquest of ly/TUCH as we value the many and freely admit that other disAmerica by the Spaniards, the external evidences in favor of coveries tend to give the assemblage Llamas were the only beasts of the Book of Mormon, as derived a "more youthful aspect."But burden known in South America. from archaeology, paleontology and

even if they are approximately They are still used as such, and kindred sources, the fact remains, right as to time of entrapment, this are able to carry a load of about nevertheless, that the strongest is no evidence that these animals 150 pounds. proof of its divine authenticity is

became extinct near that time; Our good friend, John Fiske, the book itself. The spirit that

quite to the contrary we find a was equally unfortunate in his accompanies it; its plain and clear

number there still extant, such as little quip about the smelting of presentation of the fundamental the Mountain Lion, Coyote, Caliiron as mentioned in the Book principles and ordinances of the fornia Gray Fox, Timber Wolf, of Mormon, for very recent disGospel of Jesus Christ; its beautiDeer, Antelope, etc., all of which coveries have clearly established ful account of the Savior's visit

are also found in the assemblage. that this was also known to the to the people of this Western ConAs to sheep and goats named early inhabitants of this land. tinent after his resurrection from

in the Book of Mormon, it should I quote the following from an the dead; its wholesome admonionly be necessary to point out that article in "Worlds Work"for Jantions; its pleading call to repentwe still have the Rocky Mountain uary, 1928, by the noted archaeance; its stirring appeal for the apsheep and Rocky Mountain goats, ologist, A. Hyatt Verrill: plication of the golden rule in evboth native of North America. "I am thoroughly convinced that these eryday life; its prophetic warnings

npHE animals given by their Nepeoplediscovered[theancientinhabitantscity on ofthetheIsthmusrecentlyof andto soulspromises;heavy itsladenmessagewith theof hopeburphite names, Cureloms and Panama] possessed iron or steel tools, and dens of life; its deep and soul-

I of a single'not do fact argument or know it possible beCumoms, may not it. to fact disprove that or no iron Theto identify definitely at the WHYsatisfyingof thisanswerearthlife;to thealleternalunite present steel tools ever have been proves found

time. The similarity in names nothing. Iron is the most perishable of in acclaiming it a work of inestiindicate seemingly at they elements.would * * * Moreover, of a depth witness mighty mable value—a

surface, the five and onehalf feet below related to each other,were closely is the Christ, that Eterthe "Jesus and some Book of Mormon stuandat theimbeddedtemple site,in charcoal,among brokenI found potterya steel nal God, manifesting Himself undents have advanced the very plausor hardened iron implement."to all nations."

ible theory that they were what Difficult it surely will be for any we now know as Alpacas and /NE hundred years have now sincere lover of truth to read this

Llamas, native to the mountainous passed since this remarkable book with care and escape the conregions of South America. These volume, the Book of Mormon, viction so aptly expressed by one

are semidomesticated, closely refirst appeared in print (1830). At earnest investigator: "A wicked

lated animals allied to the camel that time the enemies of the work man could not have written it;

family, but without humps. They essayed to strangle it by refusing a good man would not, if not

are about three feet high, valued to buy it and made a concerted true."

GREAT AMERICAN WOMEN

Ahy there was an Indian Princess after all, a real American a gentle ruler a brilliant diplomat and scout.

Her name was 4JiwXftiUiJi

By GEORGE GARDNER zKc.annaonathe great American people. Dona Marina was at one chief, died when she was veryAMONGwomen who are still comtime the Princess and heir to a young. Her mother married again

paratively unknown, Dona rich and powerful throne in the and conceived the infamous idea

Marina stands out as one whose province of Coatzacualso, one of of securing the throne for a younger life is of special interest to Latterthe most beautiful spots in Amerison by the second husband. This

day Saints, who believe that the ca on the southeastern border of plot was bold and dangerous but natives of America will one day the Mexican Empire. the mother planned it with great

become a white and delightsome Her father, a rich and powerful care. The child of one of her

154 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

slaves had died. She gave out the reand flowers, Cortez realized that Spaniards. The messengers were

port that her own daughter was the envoys had come from a land carrying back to the great tuler dead and a funeral was held with of wealth, highly civilized, and of information as to the character of mock solemnity. At the same rare refinement, but he was baffled this strange people and the purpose

time, Dona Marina was secretly in his attempt to converse with of their visit. She showed to Cordelivered into the hands of some these messengers. Seeing his pertez the excellent drawings which

itinerant traders who later sold her plexity Dona Marina came forwere being made of the Spaniards, as a slave to a Tabascan Chief near ward and told Agiular in the of their horses and ships. The

the coast of Yucatan. Here she Tabascan tongue that these mesone of the Spanish helmet was

learned not only the language but sengers were from the richest and made with great care. It seemed

the customs, manners, and tradimost powerful monarch of Mexto indicate to the wondering nations of another people, and while ico, Montezuma. tives the rank or power of the

she was a slave her work was that Montezuma lived on the mounruler. Cortez gave the helmet to

of a house servant for a Tabascan tain plains of the interior about Dona Marina with instructions to

Chief. 200 miles from where Cortez had send it to Montezuma as a present.

It was in the Tabascan house landed, the present location of the In a few days the messengers rethat she made her first acquaintance city of Vera Cruz. The Tabasturned, the helmet was filled to

with a white man, Agiular. He cans and many, many other powthe brim with grains of gold.

was the lone survivor of a shiperful tribes were vassals of MonteThere were other presents that wrecked crew near the coast of zuma. would excite the admiration and

Yucatan. He had fallen into the Dona Marina was acquainted wonder of the most civilized people

hands of this powerful chief, where with the tongue of the messengers of today. There were sandals of

he was at first treated with great from Montezuma, indeed, she gold interlaced with variegated rigor. The patience he displayed spoke it with great elegance. Her feathers, intermingled with gold

touched the better nature of the residence in Tabasco familiarized and silver thread and decked with chief, who offered to give him an her with the dialects of that counprecious stones, gold birds and

Indian slave for his wife, but try and enabled her to talk with gold animals of exquisite workAgiular refused the offer. His adAgiular who in turn gave the mesmanship, robes and coverlets of

mirable constancy excited the dissage to Cortez. Thus a certain, rich and various dyes, interwoven

trust of the chief, however, who though somewhat circuitous chanwith feathers to rival the delicacy put his virtue to severe test by nel was opened to Cortez for comof painting, but the things which various temptations. Agiular came munication with the richest, most excited the Spaniards most were

out unscorched from these fiery highly cultured people of the new two circular plates of gold and trials, and was given many posiworld. silver richly carved with plants and

tions of responsibility, among Cortez at once appreciated the animals. One alone would today

them the care of the wives and fevalue of this slave, a preesnt from be worth between $25,000 and male servants. the Tabascan chief. She readily $50,000.

Cortez paid a heavy ransom for learned the Spanish language and

Agiular, and it was with regret was made his interpreter. She told rjONA MARINA delivered to

that the Tabascan chief parted Cortez that the message from Cortez the message that accomwith him. Along with Agiular Montezuma was one of friendship panied these gifts, which excited

the chief had sent as a present to and good will, but that Monteso much admiration and wonder.

Hernando Cortez, a number of fezuma was not ready to receive the She said that it had given the great male slaves. This was the first ruler pleasure to hold communicameeting of two important charaction with so powerful a chief for

ters in American history. Dona whom he felt a profound respect.

Marina and Hernando Cortez. The Aztec ruler regretted that he

could not enjoy a personal visit tJERNANDO CORTEZ had with the Spaniards, but said the landed on the coast of Yucadanger of traveling from the coast tan preparatory to his conquest of to the City of Mexico would be

Mexico. The ship had not been too great for the white chief.

long at anchor when a light boat The story of this dangerous filled with natives shot off from march by a handful of Spaniards the neighboring shore and rode for to that strange city is one of the the Spaniards'vessel. The natives most romantic in history. 'It has

brought presents of fruit and flowbeen told by many historians.; The

ers and ornaments of gold in exguiding genius of that marchwas change for which they were given the beautiful Indian Princess, Dona focmedy GARDNER, fEORGE first trinkets. she Cortez attemptMarina.Spanish was merely At assistant Professor of History

a servant,ed to hold a conversation her of knowledge but with at College, Logan, Brigham Young these Indians by means of the inUtah, is now director of the Part three languages soon won for her a terpreter, Agiular, who had learned Time and Opportunity School. position as Cortez'interpreter. She

the Tabascan language, but Agiular Granite District, Salt Lake City. quickly learned the Spanish lanwas unable to talk with these InProfessortime teachingGardnerFellowhas atbeenthe SomeUni- guage also, and became the condians who arrived in the boats. versity of California and a true fidential advisor of the expedition.

From the presents of gold, many westerner interested in all that is Her travels had taught her much of them delicately carved in the American. about the country, and she was

forms of birds and animals, fruits (Continued on page 16 6)

ig <LAm By Estelk y\febb Yhomas Amigo and 'Ramon are with us once again as naive as tinseparable as courgeous as ever. Lone

Scout principles bring Ramon through a tight squeeze y making for the good fortune of himself and his beloved Amigo.

Alamo Grande. herbs he desire to sell to the Seme back. He tell I possess the only

January 20 nora. He start with great noise brains which exist in Alamo

My most lovely and adored to speak to me when I appear. It Grande. He speak his geese lanteacher, Miss Bronson: is not the Spanish which he speak, guage slowly. I understand

nor is it the U. S. It is more as smally. I tell to the Senora. She

most thankful letter the language which the geese speak buy of his vegetables. All is veryYOURand the large box of choone to the other in the pond. I happy. He wish I shall leave the

colate sweets which you implore that he speak with more mill of the Senor and sell for him send with so great kindness arrive slowness. He wave his arms and the herbs which he grow so largeon the day of Christmas. It is his speech tumbles with more loud ly. Amigo may transport the

very happy to feel we are rememgeese noises than before. These baskets. I have fear I cannot eat

ber so far away. That one of so people stand about with much plenty with the two sticks which

great beauty and many friends pleasure. They give me great throw into the mouth with viostill think with kindness of little laughs that I do not know the lence. Also the cooked mice would

Ramon and Amigo. language of U. S. With dignity be badly in my stomach. But this

At the first Amigo refuse with I reply it is this Chinese who have would be pleasant work for firmness the candy which I tell him no knowledge of U. S. He cackle Amigo. He would hear no more

is for him also. But when I have great insults in his speech of the harsh speech of himself and his

force him to accept the one, he geese. I desire greatly to punch ancestors. He would not walk in

likes it greatly and desires them his yellow face. Then I think of a weary circular manner from

all. It is with difficult. I preserve you, my dear Miss Bronson, how morning to night.

a few for myself and these others you have never punch my face in I will speak with him of these who have no dear teacher in the my greatest ignorance. I have things when he wakens. I am

U. S. We send these thousand shame. Are these Lone Scout acvery weary.

thanks for your remembrance. tions? I say with patience to this May the blessings of the Saints

Today I am call to the home Chinese I will teach to him the be upon you, my dear teacher, and of my master, the Senor Candal- U. S. He reply with anger, I will Our Lady's grace be with your

ario, to speak with this man of teach him nothings. Can one who endeavors.

Chinese who have the so large know nothings, teach nothings? Ramon Vasquez.

field of vegetables by the outside he inquire with rage. I tell him

of the town. This Chinese does by these actions he is no Scout. Alamo Grande, Chihuahua, Mexnot speak the Spanish, but he tell He make answer in pride, No, he ico,

wrongly that he speak the lanis of very large Chinese nation. I February 18

guage of the U. S. The Senor have cannot have faith in my hands.

hear that I have schooling in this They double up and desire to IV/TY very appreciated and respectlanguage. He send for me. This punch. I walk away. This Chied teacher of the school:

Chinese have the large basket of nese make sudden change. He begs Since I have last write you the

156 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

correspondence regarding the Chiremark. She laugh very greatly at to the mountain's foot and Miss

nese man so unspeakable in the this and say, yes, but there are no Lamson shall mount upon Amigo language of the U. S. the Saints kick holding them herself. What for same distance. Arriving there,

have greatly blessed Amigo and she mean is very unknown to me. I shall then turn away the burro

Ramon. I have never known there is a kick of the Senor and step to the head-

I have resolve with pain to leave in any hands. I suppose the kick ward side of Amigo leading him

the hard labor of the mill of the reside in the heels. But I say up the steep danger trail with care.

Senor, and dwell, for the good of nothings with politeness. It is done. I have great emthis unspeakableAmigo, with barrassment Miss Lamson when then tell she desire one boyChinese. does appear clad in not comCHE these trowsers Amigo which

plain, but he have this look in the and burro to transport her to she must have borrow from the eyes and his ears and tail haing in this mine. She will show her resupply of the Hon. Sec. her re-

a sadly manner when this man of spected father and Hon. secretary, vered father having this great disthe mud casts these insults upon who she say is a stick. This is tance around the equator which

his dear parents. would not fit his trowsers to the

While I am thinking of these young lady. I pretend with pothings there comes sliding into the liteness that these trowsers are intown a so very grande automobile visible to me, while I wish with

as I have seen in the U. S. It is earnestness her father may secure

a great event to these people of a plenty of moneys from El Tigre

Alamo Grande. The dogs and that she may have the plenty of

children have much fear. Everyyoung lady dresses in the hereafone observe with interest when this ter. There are many gathered to

automobile stop at the store of behold our departure from the vilthe Senor. It contains the new lage. I have hope to slip out with

owner of El Tigre mine, which quietness, but Miss Lamson feel lies in the mountain to the north. no shame for her unseemly garbHe is wishful to observe his new ing and wave and smile to all while

property. He has with him his I enjoy great embarrassment.

secretary, who speak the Spanish in a very bookly manner. Senor 'THE journey to the mountain's

Candalario have much trouble to foot was accomplish in much understand. In the back are a most course of time. Miss Lamson have

beautiful young lady who are the many remarks on this slowness. I

daughter of the new owner. foolishment, for Jose, who saw point out in reasonable way these

There is much talk of hotels him tell me of his bookly Spanish burros are not so very swift autowhich are very unknown in Alamo and sticks cannot speak the Spanmobile. Miss Lamson tells, No,

Grande, and Senor Candalario, ish. But Amigo, my burro, does they more resemble the ten ton

who is also jefe politico as well as not desire to ride two large ones trucks. She thereafter refer to

rich merchant gives offer of his at one time, I tell with boldness, Amigo as her tenton truck. I

own home and food while they for I do not wish he should dehave fear this offend his feelings, shall be among us. All this I hear posit Miss Lamson with impobut in politeness I say nothings.

from others, my dear Miss Bronliteness upon the hard earth. She There is one slight unpleasantson, for Amigo and I still work laugh as at all times and reply that ness which now occurs. Amigo

in difficult manner at the adobe she has no wish I should ride. She has always this great fear of sermill. But when it is the next mornhas great fear of this trail, of pents. It has never leave him since

ing, Senor Candalario again send Amigo, also and desire I should one bite him fiercely on the heel for me and request that the young walk and lead him at the head. I in days of childhood. Miss Lamlady wish to speak with me in the ask why she should go having this son have just remark she has joy

U. S. language. She is a very fear. She make answer to anger the race is not to the strong ones

beautiful young lady, Miss Bronher revered father and Hon. Sec. but rather to those who endure to

son, but her face has not the sweet I tell these are not Lone Scout acthe last end, as we proceed with peace of yours. She is very gay tions. She make greatest laughslowness, when Amigo preceive this

and has this habit of laughing ter of all and make answer she is so large serpent curled up in a greatly at nothings which is apuznot a scout nor yet a Camp Fire most dangerous posture. With

zlement to Amigo. But I have young lady, but a spoiled baby extreme suddenness he is here no

not yet arrive at Amigo in my who must have her own desires. more, but is in a distant place sidestory. The young lady tell me how She cannot be a baby, Miss Bronly, and Miss Lamson is seated with

her jfather and Honorable secretary son, as she is quite as large as you. anger upon a bed of thornful cachave travel to the mine with these I have earnest doubt if this is a tus. An'early death to you, and

burros they obtain from the Senor, right thing. Senor Candalario many of them! Miss Lamson exand will not allow her to go for then asks what is all the conversaclaims with very scarlet expression

the danger of the steep and nartion. I tell of Miss Lamson's deof countenance. I attempt in tactrow trail. She tell with anger sire. He make answer I must do ful manner to restore friendship.

they have leave her to hold her as the young lady wish, otherly Miss Lamson forgive most readily, hands in Alamo Grande. She he will fire me from out Alamo but Amigo say nothings with

pause for reply, and I do not know Grande. anger.

what I should make answer. They After much talk it is decide I At the mountain's foot I disare very beautiful hands, I make shall ride a burro of the Senor mount from off this other burro

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 157

arid turn him homeward. The We have now the question of

shadows are becoming very longwhat to do. Miss Lamson laments

ward as I grasp the rope and step Sonnet of the Highway for a flashlight, which is unknown trail still progbefore this to I possess small Amigo. This me. A. Kleinman By Bertha

resses steeply decide around narrowly of and matches. box wax We

the sable shoulders of the A ROUND tallthe side I reof this mountain, shall so these lead while Amigo - night.

with many feet rising suddenly The stardials turn imperial and serene. main for striking in constant sucupward and many feet rising sudNor sphere in all that retinue of light cession, then we shall stand and

denly downward. There are also Protests the march of orbited routine; wait for the morning.

many sharp turnings which cause The monarchsheen, oak flings out her leafy But before the box have become this feeling in the stomach. A million fingers reaching for the sun. empty we have arrive at the broad

that trespasses twig nor branch Nor level beroad top of the mounin declares conMiss Lamson tween tain. light gleams kind with isstant tone she she dying, at Athe knows frailest tendril the thwart she has To the distance a to short welcome is etc. this her, slayingthat This spun;

is foolishment for she has appearThe thoroughfares of men that gird the front and Amigo steps with more ance of great health. She closes land, swiftness.

her eyes with tightness though Arc strewndecay,with doleful wreckage and The father of Miss Lamson have there is this scene of sunset which And trespass flouts tho death be near at many emotions when we appear

I desire her to observe. It is with hand, in this cabin. First he enjoy great

To triumph fallssurprise that darkness so soon. surprise scold he with and anger, only man—thein disastermightyand dismay,poles beto For insults hisMiss Lamson kiss give many great energy. he Then tween

the gait of Amigo which is slow Defies the Law of Order and Routine! daughter and call her little fool,

though sure. She remark unkindwhich is strange term of fondness.

ly of her revered father and Hon. Hon. Sec. have great disgust against

Sec. who have left her to be killed fearful eyes I light another match us all. Miss Lamson speak with

stones roots for and and look isdreadfully. darkness soon I The have embarrassment, such praise

cliif of the protrude out which feelingly withso great I must go save her I have life. I make. It how

my hand on these sudden cliffs is a very dreadfully feeling in the reply if her life are saved it is

I ardor, with you wish feet stepping caustomach. withand my

cliff, fall a over may nevertion. weariness. passes with Time My still,Amigo,are byresponsible.his wisenessMr.toLamsonremain

Miss Lamson begs can we not go beautiful Miss Bronson. It seem reply with great laugh he shall not

I climb that of hours number I step a hurried manner.in more forget for preand Amigo Ramon

cliff. this a root out come Once less care.out with nothThere is serving daughter. his so worthless

ings. I am falling. My mind has when I grasp it and I slip in sickIt is very happy. Next day we all

great clearness. I must warn Miss ening manner, but I catch another return to Alamo Grande.

Lamson and Amigo. I drop the and gain slowly upward. And now I arrive at the great

rope. I cry loudly to Amigo to TXHEN at last I am again with news which I have led up to with

in Splanish lanthestand still, these pages of correspondMiss and many Lamson my dear all is allguage. This more swiftly ence. I feel this great ask weakness. Mr. Amigo, Lamson many questhan I can write in this corresMiss Lamson say it is good for tions as we sit in the house of the

pondence, my dear teadher, Miss the one time Amigo is stubborn. Senor. He inquire if I should wish

Bronson. I fall swiftly with I have pain in this talk. Amigo to return to U. S. He will give

bumps. Suddenly, with joy, my is not stubborn, he is wise. He me employ in his so large factories.

feet touch horizontal spot. I am obey when I bid him stand. But I reply I shall rather return to

still cliff thestanding hugging of will the house has never underMiss Lamson who my uncle

Iwith thanks. if Miss call out great past, in times kindness I say given the nature stand of Amigo.

Lamson and Amigo are well. Miss nothings hopelessly. but has not the moneys for Amigo.

Lamson, who have been so unMr. Lamson then insist he shall

wisely before is very bravely now. pay the moneys that Amigo and I

She ask with calmness if I am all shall travel to our uncle. He tell

right. She ask if I have the this is small price for preservation

matches to see my condition. I of his daughter. It is tomorrow

take one hand away with care to this wonderful happening will

It islight frightthe very match. come. say Mr. Lamson if my

Ifully stand. narrow where Beuncle has the heartful not welcome

low, the black nothingness stretchfor us bothly, I must inform by es fearfully. Above, the cliff stands correspondence and he will mend

so straightly it gives this feeling our fortunes.

in the stomach. Then, standing

so dear teacher, I shall inon the very edge of this fearsome My precipice I see Miss Lamson and small time look again upon your

Amigo, looking down at me with beautiful face, and Amigo beg that solemn eyes. Miss Lamson is very you will permit the privilege to

white, but Amigo look calm and carry you upon his so broad back wise. He has great faith in his in some future time.

master. I must not let him see As the Saints have so greatly

this fear which is in me. I speak "Are We Happy?"blessed Ramon and Amigo, so maylightly, I laugh in shaky manner. By Ethel M, Sorensen, they bless you, my lovely teacher.Then while they watch me with Salt Lake City, Utah—Ramon Vasquez.

A basketmaker cave in the southwest—Southwest Museum, Los Angeles.

MOST OF OUR FOOD COMES FROM THE

By ELIZABETH CANNON PORTER

staple potato, quinine ton and white main tribes arc are American not ex- 'npHENOMADIC born. along Irish, hale of the The Indians the Amadoes not from farmers, actly considered

zon in South America used rubber the Emerald Isle, but was first yet to the American Indian the world today owes fiveto waterproof their canoes, bottles raised on the wonderful terraced and sandals, the Portuguese found gardens of Peru, more beautifulsevenths of its agricultural wealth. when they went to Brazil, Montethan the Hanging Gardens of Sometime in the dim distant zuma's warriors were shielded with Babylon. The tomato, too, waspast an observing aborigine spoke

thus to his mate: "Look, grass cotton padding when they fought found there. It took a brave white

the Spaniards. valuable didn't The first sample it. They man to where seeds were todaygrows medicinal qualities of the cinchona in vitamins about anything know last year."thrown (quinine) discovered callwere by those days tomatoes were and relation seed to plant bark of "The accident. suffering Indian, apples"considered ed "love and An agriculhence longwas unknown,

left fever for from behind was also these in gorpoisonous. Here Agriculture impossible.ture was dead. surprise the Imagine of the of the were geous gardens Andes civilibasis ofhas been the always

zation: in Europe wheat; in the party when he caught up with found the orchidlike flower from

is made.Orient rice; in America corn or them, apparently cured. He had whose seeds vanilla extract

maize. Agriculture gives leisure thrown himself into a pool of Not so good was the coca plant

for the arts and civilization grows water and eagerly quaffed it, bitter from which cocaine is derived.

apace."though it was. It had absorbed The Aztecs used cacao, (chocoNot only foodstuffs but such the drug from the bark of trees late and cocoa) for money. From

useful commodities as rubber, cotthat stood in the vicinity. luxurious Mexico came also the

The Improvement Era for January 1933 159

"eggs that grow on trees"(avoisphere when he reached the West oic. Besides the native walnuts

cados), pineapple (from which the Indies. and butternuts from Brazil the red

famous pima cloth is made), chili Sir Walter Raleigh is credited men knew cashew nuts, pecans and peppers, guavas, artichokes, and with introducing tobacco into peanuts. Twine was made from

beans. The latter not only inEngland from Virginia. It had sisal.

cluded frijoles but kidney and long been used among the Indians limas, as well as the flamboyant for ceremonial purposes as "smokCQUAWS understood the use of flowered scarletrunner bean. ing the pipe of peace."The story dyes both for clothing, cereThe Pueblo Inmonial costumes, and

dians of the souththe decoration of baswest not only raised kets and pottery.

squash and pumpLogwood produced kins, but many varired, rustic yellow and eties of gourds which indigo blue. Bright

they made into drinkscarlet, beloved of the ing cups and utensils. Indian, was obtained

Among the Hopis the from the cochineal, squash blossom today an insect that lives on is the emblem of fer- a cactus in Mexico.

tility and the adolesAnd from the cactus cent girls twist their peculiar to the southhair into the shape of west the native obthe squash blossoms. tained food and

It was their cliffdrink, soap, clothing dwelling gardens and and thatch for his flat roofs that probhouses. Cranberries

dolls Hopis have of the desChildren Esteben the negroably made that were found soon England in New are replicas Rain. the God of of Citiescribe of Cibola"the "Seven after the landing of the Pilgrims

as being roofed with silver. on Plymouth Rock.

the girl of English servant it isn't exactly Although what

Sir a pipe Walter smoking iswhotoldsaw it desert was thesepERHAPS Puritan Fathers eat to had on a of bucket threw water first and Indians dwelling who on thethat first Thanksgiving, those for him. afterlearned to store (maize) corn desire an ailAmerican dinner, She thought that he was who

fire. in dried, baskets and onit had been reof the Southwest the Museum

jars in caves, to provide against Chicle, from which chewing spectfully suggests the following drought, famine, and warfare. gum is made, also hales from menu:

Thus another big stride in civilizaAmerica. Also the copal of vartion was made. nish and such wellknown drugs Soup; corn or tomato; turkey; cranFrom the northeast, Canada as sassafras bark, sarsaparilla root sweetberry potatoes;sauce; muscovypineappleduckice;withsaltedcandiedpeaway, came maple sugar and wild and cascara bark. In fact the Innuts; creamed potatoes; lima beans; artirice, as well as Indian hemp. dians knew the medicinal qualities chokes; squash; avocado salad; tapioca

Columbus discovered the sweet of many plants. pudding; pumpkin pie; vanilla ice cream;

potato as well as the western hcmTapioca was derived from Manchocolate; pecans; maple sugar.

Hopis raised squash on the terraces.

Hopi women wore their hair in wheels, like the squash blossom, as a sign of maidenhood.

16C iimziMxiHe//o, 1933 formay appendicitiskeep a familyor insomebondageother tointernalthe doctortroubleor the hospital or the bank for years.

HIS charmer who will leap with the sun or On the other hand, doctors, in some cases, T even before the sun over the eastern mounhave a hard time making a go of it. They have

sort of person will found collections difficult. Some have even gone tains on January First—what

she be? so far as to talk the possibility of payment over

Few years have received a warmer welcome than a man whose appendix is almost at the breaking

Miss 1933 will receive. That is because many stage.

people have suffered physical, mental, and even The lay man has long contended that costs of spiritual anguish during the year which is just medical attention are far too high. Think of a

now veiling her face and walking into that land farmer's being called upon to pay a one hundred in and fifty or a two hundred dollar doctor bill for from which no past years ever return—except

memory. People who have not actually suffered an operation for his daughter. The doctor perhave lived in fear of suffering. All look with forms the operation in a few minutes; the farmer

longing if not with hollow eyes upon the aptakes his surplus for a year or even more according proaching days hoping that they will be no worse to the condition of his farm to pay the bill. Yet,

than those which have walked by. some of the doctors maintain that they cannot

And yet Miss 1932 was a lovely thing, after render excellent service for less. They declare

all. Never in these mountain states, at least, has truly that their skill has come through great ex-

a year been so consistently beautiful, so voluptouspenditure of both time and money.

ly lovely, plump, goldenhaired and merryeyed. A committee on costs of medical care, according

Beginning with an ermine robed Winter, she to the Associated Press, in a report made public followed with ideal Spring, gorgeous Summer, recently figured that the nation's "medical dollar"fullthroated Fall, and mild and tender Winis distributed about as follows: physicians in

ter. Nature was at her best: only men and women private practice, 29.8 cents; hospitals, 23.4; denwere out of tune—too confused to enjoy what tists, 12.2 cents; medicines, 18.2; public health,

the year had brought. 3.3 cents; nurses, 5.5; cultists, 3.4 cents; all

So, hello, 1933! We have a feeling that you others 4.2 cents. The same committee also made

freehearted, the following comparisons between U. S. soldiers will be right—beautiful, winsome,

and kind. We fear only the men and women. killed during the recent world war by wounds

We have been struggling so selfishly, trampling or in battle, and the number who lost their lives under foot the finest gifts of all, confused by the in this country in 1930 "through largely prerattle of coins here and there that we may not ventive causes: killed in war, 50,285; killed by

have learned our lesson yet; or if we have, we may tuberculosis, 88,088; killed by cancer. 119,818;

not be able to get a new program started quickly infant deaths, 138,845."

enough to take advantage of your days. Yet... It is quite certain that with a community medihello, 1933, we're going to try to get straight cal setup many deaths from certain diseases could

with the universe and not dash ourselves to pieces be prevented. People would make more frequent

upon the shoals cast up by broken laws. calls upon the physician and would call him

One who is wiser than we said: earlier giving him a better chance to cope with

"No man can serve two masters: the disease.

For either he will hate the one, and love the The committee which has been studying the other. medical situation for five years, in its report sugOr else he will hold to the one and despise the gested that these medical centers could be mainother.."tained by means of group insurance or of taxaYe cannot serve God and mammon (money) tion or of both.

—H. R. M. Health clinics in school districts and in cities

Community Medical Doctorshave doneandmuchdentiststowardhave beenalleviatingliberal withsuffering.their

cases medicine. in even with their time and some Centers May Come even advocated of form some have them Some

rjNDOUBTEDLY the fear of disease, operaof community medical setup, believing that, after tions, and childrearing is exaggerated by all, service to the people is important, yet there the fear of the expense involved. As people are are many difficulties in the way.

pressed down near to the bareexistence mark, Forward looking people, however, will not deespecially people who have been in fairly good sist until some plan for more general medical circumstances, this fear increases. attention is worked out. The burden of disease

A broken arm for Johnnie, a few bad tonsils has become unbearable. Large industrial plants

among the other children, and a broken tooth have solved the problem by taxing all of their making a bridge necessary for Bill can easily throw workers a reasonable fee for medical attention panic into a family, and may result in neglect or and hospitalization. There can be no good reason

near starvation. A major operation such as one why communities can not do the same. H. R. M.

iJLA5ullAmerica and Book of Mormon thoseto purchaseout of woodcoal. andManywithoutan moneyunemployedwith whichman

TN this issue The Improvement Era is printing a would be happy to have some one offer him a great deal of matter which deals with ancient tree for the removing. Many old fences should

and modern America. These two vast continents, be removed, especially in towns where they are

to the Latterday Saints, are far more than mere no longer a necessity. Scores of sidewalks need

winter with ease.ploitation—theystretches of land areand thepowerPromisedand mineralLands, forin veryex- a bit of gravel which could be secured during the

deed. The Latterday Saint is constantly on the We would suggest, then, at the beginning of

alert to catch glimpses of prehistoric life as it was this new year that talk is cheap, but that it takes lived within these two gigantic triangles which leadership and muscle to solve problems, espestretch almost from pole to pole. Some people cially in Community Beautification.

are all the time looking for evidences of the divine Why not make that town or community of authenticity of the Book of Mormon; others accept yours a place to which you might proudly invite

the Book of Mormon without question and seek the President of the Church or of the United for knowledge of America's ancient peoples for States?—//. R. M.

the knowledge itself. We have published here a

various assortment of material and are willing to allow our readers to form their own conclusions Released concerning it.

]\/flSS LILLIS PALMER, of Alton, Utah,

Community Beautification died'fromwho septicfilled apoisoningmission infollowingthe Centralan States,operanrHE Senior class of the M. L A. is studying this tion for appendicitis at Independence, Missouri,

winter problems of the Twentieth Century. qn November 12, 1932, after having been in the

Among these is mentioned commuaity beautileftmissionfor herfieldmissionalmostNovemberone year 18,to the1931.day. Shefication.

If the class stops at talk, then the course, in Miss Palmer had been working in the office that particular, will be a failure. Talk which at Mission headquarters where her efficient service

does not lead to action is dead, irrevocably dead. and sunny disposition won the admiration and

How fine, on the other hand, could that class be love of all those connected with the mission. Elder

if it would force the group to go out into the comSamuel O. Bennion, President of the mission,

munity and make surveys and plans for a beauty who accompanied the body to Miss Palmer's drive next spring. home in Alton, spoke highly of the young lady

The late and much lamented Emil Hansen, and her work.

gardener and beautifier at the Utah State AgriReared in Alton, Kane County, nearly one cultural College, left a number of monuments in hundred miles beyond the end of the railroad, bettered communities which far exceed in value Miss Palmer had never visited Salt Lake City and to posterity the costly marble and granite ornahad rarely ever seen a train until she accepted her ments which we so often effect. call to fill a mission. Her

He once said that there are schooling and home training, some of them may have been rehowever, made it possible formoved by now—five thousand her to fit into the mission roudead and unsightly trees which tine in a perfect manner. The

can be seen from the cement labors she performed will long highway between Spanish Fork be remembered.

and Provo. Though the young lady had

Every community has its the best of care and seemed to warts and wens and bunions, rally from the operation splenso to speak. Most of the comdidly, she had a premonition

munities, especially the smaller of approaching death, and deones, need only organization clared that she was willing and and leadership such as the M. ready to go. This word de-

L A. Senior Class ojffers to livered in person by President

change them into beautiful Bennion was comforting to relplaces in which to dwell. atives and friends who awaited

Why couldn't the class, with \ i: <k the sad homecoming in Alton.

the support and aid of the While in Alton there were bishop, the mayor, or the oftears, somewhere there were ficers in charge, organize to smiles as the far traveler was make a survey. Old and unwelcomed home after her honsightly trees could be used orable release from her misto advantage this winter by Miss Lillis Palmer sion to this teeming earth.

Salvage Foreboding Reminder By Will Dobson By Frances Hall By Cristel Hastings

I /yT IT'S June in my heart when I think of you, Throbbingof the deafeningits rhythmicbattlebeat;roar, TT/HO''Thatam life should smile and pass -*

Out of the thunder that pulses o'er me by. June in a garden I know!

Valleys of ravaged wheat; Giving to others grief and pain With the warm sweet breath of a roseOut of the din that stuns the ear. To me the glad, sweet scent of rain,—that haunts

Rises for him attuned to hear, Young feet to run along the hills. Each little pa,th I go!

Music divinely sweet. Bright days swept free of fettering ills?

Is there held for me in store It's June in my heart when the chill winds

Out of the shock of searing death, Something more? bring

Freighted with agony; The rain to my windowpane!

Torture that crushes the victim's breath, I wonder, when When I think of you it seems I hear

Such its intensity;'I see poor, twisted hulks of men A robin down the lane!

trees stand bare it matter does flowers whenOutBlossom—-asof the rigors of blinding pain, With tortured courage in their eyes What merit dressed in disguise, sad in April rain—, And

the In the mists that hide blue? ecstasy. Moments of ride I should ease in cushioned Why

And take earth's riches as I please. There's room for only June in my heart

Will there dawn some thundering day Whenever I think of you!

Last Night When I must pay? -0<>a-

By Edgar Daniel Kramer Shall Some Istarrycome night from dancing home, Winter

Chattering in frivolity; gay in night walked Old Town; Poe T AST Just Reid Agnes By catch sudden see to breath And my*—'Lexington and Gay At

last life at has That before gone Plaza, across the staredHe steam, blurred with leave gift a beside door, To my the mists bay from white Where littered Floors Vf/INDOWS''toys, with foundling with a heartwrung A streetlamps. the trysting withWere trains. plea Chairs into made cumbersome Tragedy? the roses in gloom; Ghostfilled with Air cooking, odorous

Last night Poe walked in Old Town Men stamping snow from heavy overshoes.

With dreams of Ulalume. Steaming wet things draped around the

kitchen range.

Last night Poe walked in Old Town I hate winter. His lips were sweet with mirth. Books

the he shadows cameAs from the'of tread ways To earth; By Edith Ckerrington WindowsSnow piledpaintedand driftedby fairy fingers.

There was no aching sorrow. Into grotesque, picturesque things;

a answered gypsy dream, they me distant chimes; heard he As JQOR Peace, beauty, everywhere.

I * rover, to longed be a had in nightLast walked Poe Old Town Children eagerly, bright fire shouting trails tales foreign of brought me rhymes. wraiths of olden They With crackling,

whole world They followed—the over. Savory things cooking, Christmas in the

the salty the sea tang of broughtLast night Poe walked in Old Town; They offing.

over the years, From my horizon back through came He crests that bare their breasts I love winter. mountain cleansed soul Of of its doubting.His

His eyes freed from their tears; For earth to rest her skies on.

In sad ways changed to glad ways held his more; dreams once duty found While me He firmly bound Union

fire at Beside the home, night walked in OldLast Poe Town

With his longlost Lenorc. The heart of me has wandered free. By Alberta Huish Christensen

As Gypsy hearts will roam.

I led they have have followed where logic phrases, always your DERHAPS cares, rut of the Beyond 'seasoned Unfinished Business until I have grown own And my Perhaps jest; caustic betrayed you were by

By Bess Foster Smith Adventure beggars theirs. That you would never know, I sadly

reasoned, fires kindled In the breast.

head your gleaming -*J'MIn goingorder toall filemy awaydays goneand setby, HowBut whenwarmyouare leaned

So ril have cause for no regret last night

When I am called to classify. Against that ragged ledge—as one who

fills The A's can have my arrogance, His soul on beauty, watched a lone gull's

The B's the bad bets I have made. flight,

The C's can take that foolish chance, You drank the wine of twilight in the

The D's the discords I have played. hills.

And in that instant, as one roused from

Then further on within the L's sleep,

As past the grumbling G's I shove. 1 knew that I had wronged you. Not alone

The file on which my memory dwells. 1 feel the earth's deep rhythm, seasons

Will be the one containing love. creep

Into the crumbling crevices of stone.

Consign to P's my foolish pride,

In dusty archives of the past, Dancers in White No length of space, though it outreach

Keep love, where it can be applied. By Mrs, Sina B, Holbrooke the sun.

Unfinished business, to the last. Provo, Utah Can ever part us now; for we are one!

OuTQkogan By DORIS DALBY A Gleaner Girl, winner of the Church championship in public speaking—1932

N the early point, it was to his advantage to npHEN there is the story of Daniel

the Chrisof his master's wife. She had They did not make the mistake of I history of keep the friendship and goodwill and his three Hebrew friends.

tian Church, power and influence. She could falling into the ways of their asPeter and John advance his interests, perhaps free sociates. Surely it must have apwere brought him from bondage. Her ill will peared foolish for them to jeopardbefore the Sanmight mean disgrace, even death. ize their future prospects by raising

hedrin and comBut Joseph didn't hesitate in makan issue on a matter so trifling as manded that ing his choice. He dared to say, the kind of food to eat. They

reallythey must not preach in Jerusalem "How can I do this great wickedwere far from home—slavesany more in the name of Jesus. ness and sin against God."How in a foreign land. Why let the

Peter answered them and said, brave he was! What splendid question of a little wine or meat

"Whether it be right in the sight courage he had! The stand that he stand in the way of their advanceof God to hearken unto you more took against this determined womment to honor and distinction?

than unto God, judge ye"—and an's request made her his bitter But they had certain principles of

they went right on preaching as enemy. She falsely accused him, conduct by which they proposed

though nothing had happened. and he was thrown into a dungeon to govern their lives. Their reShortly after this, they were again where he spent several years. But ligion was very dear to them. They

taken before the council, and the he never lost faith—and finally he must stand by their principles at

high priests in great anger said emerged from his prison to sit next any cost. What inspiration there

to them, "Did not we straitly comto the throne of the king of Egypt, is in such an attitude! How thrillmand that ye should not teach in and rule the land that he had ening it is to know that such men

this name? and behold, ye have tered as a slave. have lived—showing us how to

filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, stand for our ideals.

is different the story of How to this intend bring youand man's great prophet, Our Joseph own birth His Samson. announced was the Peter us!"andblood upon in Smith, the face of ridicule, his to parents an by apostles angel—with answeredother and him slander, persecution, the promise, shall remarkable "Hesaid, to raobey ought "We God imprisonment, and Israel deliver begin to of the out mobviolence,death—stoodther than man."for his testimony his concerning Philistines."the of hands With

That's what we mean by standsuch a destiny in store for him, he vision from God. There was no

ing for something. Peter stood should have been one of the heroes sidestepping, no faltering, no

for a testimony concerning the and saviors of Israel. But he disequivocation, no lack of courage.

risen Christ, and without the least appointed the high hopes of his On the steps of the Carthage jail bit of fear on his part, defied the parents and people. Instead of the night before he was murdered,

very council that had condemned standing for the ideals and liberty he bore witness to the truth of his and put Jesus to death. of Israel, he wasted his time and message to mankind. He knew And so when we say—"We strength, seeking pleasure and disthat his death was imminent.

stand for physical, mental, and sipation among the Philistines. He There was no escape from the fate

spiritual health through observwas more intent on having a good which his enemies had decreed for him. he of theance of But to Wisdom,"Word stood—steadfast

it end, sanctified realize that and is more time than in preparing himself for the we must his life with than simply a repetition of words; the mission that God had marked the glory of a martyr's crown.

it is a covenant that we enter into out for him. He stood for noththat noble. or His was worthy other each thatwith and we ing God grandfathers and grandUR feats soleof strength actuated were spiritual seek will health moral and stood mothers for something selfish ly desires his to gratify own of the observance through Word in their left day. their homes, They rather for his love than any by of Wisdom. their ones, loved everything they

country or his God. His life was had and came out into these valleysREAT men and women in a tragic failure—and a warning because of their loyalty to their reevery age have always stood to the young people of this generaligion and Its principles. Shall we

for something. There was Joseph, tion that the gratifications of their be any less valiant in defense of

a slave in Egypt, who stood for physical appetites and desires at the our ideals than they were? We

his ideal of virtue in the face of expense of the ideals which God don't have exactly the same prob- a temptation that was overwhelmhas given them will lead to failure lems to meet. We don't have to

ing. From every human standand ruin. face mobs and be turned away from

164 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

our homes because we choose to God has revealed to us and carry believe something that the rest of the banner of health and righteousthe world doesn't accept. But we ness to the ends of the earth 1

do have problems just as difficult.

We do have to face the jeers and "O Lord, we thank thee for all those ridicule of our friends and associwho have dared to stand for their ideals, in the even days youth. May this idealates because we stand for

like loyal, more we become ofthem—fearless,their tonight.that I have mentioned thee. zealous for to us Reveal Do and

we have the courage, the fortitude source of their courage and strength, andthe to say "No!"when temptation help us to cultivate these moral qualities.

hast in thine us image made Thou own itself inpresents an enticing way?

that likeness. pray never and we may We said nightEvery Tuesday we have sin that debase indulgence image and bywe have—and we will. but stand firm and immovable in the

face forces that of all the J*** and temptations heroes the of our faith we To 'Wj!*-?-*"'T>-;ift-'Sg*'"degrade seek our to or destroy would

easily a debt be that cannotowe souls. Amen."paid back. They have shown us "M-m—Good!"

Girl the Note: Gleaner who To inspiration them draw we—fromthe meaning of courage and valor the wins championship 1933 The statesmen. better and than But face guidance. shall notand We will a present Era Improvement else, they true remained to havemediocrity be and by all common scholarship good $70.00, worth their to people loyal the church and rest that the of things thedoing

world is doing. On every occaand kingdom of God on earth. for one year's tuition at Brigham Let us walk in the light which Young University.sion, and in every place—we will

stand for our slogan and the principles we know to be right. <6!fVl>-

O Gleaner Girls and M Menlet us live this principle—our

Word of Wisdom! No other Exhibition of the Utah Art Institute

church has anything like it. It

was given for our spiritual as well By B. F. LARSON

as our temporal salvation. It is

like usthe be of Let God. word

artists direct art the a patrons control of governing and board nHE said,Peter ought he when "We five consisting of forof members. looking been This have Utah ratherto than man."obey God is the responsiinterest charged to board with considerable with ward

lies the of theIn youth Church bility leadership in of the Exhibition of promoAnnual The The failits shall glory. not future We art state. this tion is in Institute of being Art Under which Utah heroicthose and men women who its state direction the year. acquired this in held has January Utah

ties placed their earthlysevered and art, of at present art works has organization sponsored an many all altar establish thetheir to upon is in state. State Gallery, the housed the CapThis by somewhat

this helping us work. we God itol at Salt Building, City. in unusual America. Lake AmeriThe in the thatwill they path walk

politicians, can as a group, have state collection Last year the was out for us at suchhave marked interest in art taken very little and enlarged State assembling by cost. The infinitean

it is, this indeed, in coununusual, Collection State Fair Coland The try, state legislature for vote a to galleries. lection in the same This ideal. this will stand forVITE of exhibifor the holding money Institute the accomplished was by physically, to be want We art, fine tions the for of purchase the cooperation the of with of Board alert spirituallymentally, and statuary, and pictures gallery and and State Fair the generous and Board this willstrong, through and come for in the educational propaganda director help Moffit, of Mrs. D. W. theobservance of of WisWord art. field asserted has of Utah of State the Fair Art Department. will the worlddom. show We here. significant leadership

It ideal really in to America means an much is uncommonhow very young was Utah When girl. state, secretary a a governor,to or of Saint a Latterday boy state to the be exact, but see was

ofiicials it let state other pareverywhereYes, high and be known years three chamwoman whenold—a ticipating the of exfor inthat conduct the of stand an we Word art sucthe cause of pioned and

art to of In the years sponsored conand and comeWisdom, is state. will the just that thank trolled by This God we—we had theceededthirdin legislaturepassing awhichbill throughhas had hibition

it last year. to stand forthe courage in the happened in Utah in what art history to do with much repeated again It is being youth. of ourdays in Januyoung The section. is Alice this This woman

ary, of our church and the activity ofmen women 1933, through who the of is one the out intohave gone world the thirtyfirst Exhibition Annual to art of and Merrillmost consistentHome whofriends have lived this commandment be found in this country. of the Utah Art Institute. About

thehave honor and respect won everyMrs. Home was elected to the sixty Utah artists are participating. andof good men women

where. Like Joseph of old, they House of Representatives with an By visiting the current exhibihave risen from obscurity to fame expressed determination to work tion and the permanent collection,

for the development of art in Utah. housed in the same building, oneand prominence—like Daniel,

they have stood before the mighty The result was the creation of may obtain both a cross section and and been the counselors to rulers the Utah Art Institute under the an historic view of art in Utah.

he Tord of yisdom By ELWIN GARFIELD An M Man, winner of the Church championship in public speaking—19'M

HE Glory in an intense drive to increase the im, noted inventor says, "The of God sale and use of their products. wreath of cigarette smoke, which

is IntelMillions are being spent in an curls about the head of a growing ligence,"This effort to repeal the Volstead act. lad holds his brain in an iron grip

principle holds Thousands of people by endorsing as surely as does the iron shoe the a n important these campaigns are literally selling feet of a Chinese girl."

place in the their souls for a few pieces of silver.

gjgKk -V jjMS thoughts and The late Knute Rockne was offered OLLEGES and universities tmMMeS teachings of the $2000 to sign a testimonial to the conducting investigations into leaders of this effect that his athletes always used the relative standards of users and church. The greatest intelligence a certain brand of tobacco because nonusers show in every case that

can be obtained only by the balit did not hurt their wind. What the nonuser stands higher in his

anced growth of our physical, menabout people endorsing the various scholastic endeavors than the user.

tal and spiritual selves. brands of tobacco? They have Professor Baines, who examined

Most important to young people placed so small a price upon the class records at Harvard, showed is the knowledge that such growth virtues of honesty and truth that that for fifty years not one tobacco and development can be obtained their testimony can mean little. user had stood at the head of his

factonly by a thorough observance There is a mountain of irrefutclass—notwithstanding the

of the "Word of Wisdom."able evidence proving that tobacco that five out of every six students

The "Word of Wisdom"as reis injurious to the body. It seems were smokers.

vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith strange indeed that any one could Smoking is becoming so prevais the most significant code of take up the habit of its use. lent among the American women

healthful living yet given to man. The chief poison in tobacco is that according to Dr. D. H. Kress,

It has three main features. (1) nicotine—a poison so deadly that noted neurologist, "The whole

condemnation of tobacco, alcohol two or three drops of it will cause American nation will suffer and and all hot drinks, (2) moderainstantaneous death from heart the physical tone of the entire nation in the use of meats, (3) adopfailure. tion will be lowered."

tion of a diet largely vegetarian. In this respect it is as dangerous Dr. Barber claims that 60% of

Indeed so inclusive of important as strychnine, which in very small the babies born of cigarette smokhealth rules is the Word of Wisquantities acts as a stimulant to the ing mothers die before they are dom that no one lives it in its heart, but in larger quantities causes two years old. Surely the women

entirety. violent death. And what sane, of America have a duty to perform

the healthy against Since person would dare to take the campaign nation to our of giving duty—the is daily doses ause of strychnine? of tobacco and alcohol clear children strong and of body

paramount issue in the church at Tobacco smoke weakens the linof mind.

the present time, it would be wise ings of the lungs and makes them Tobaccoism is the rankest sort to consider their effects on our spiran easy prey for respiratory disof slavery for which we pay the itual, mental and physical stature. eases. This was proved conclustrength of our physique, the vigor

The revelation on the Word of sively during the influenza epidemic and clarity of our mind and theWisdom relative to tobacco and of 1918—the habitual tobacco honesty and integrity of our souls.strong drinks says, "And again user had so injured the linings of

strong drinks are not for the belly his lungs that he lost his fight with What about alcohol? Years bebut for the washing of your bodies. the disease. fore prohibition the American

And again tobacco is not for the Does Charley Paddock, the Medical Association passed the folbody but is an herb to be used with world's famous sprinter, dare to lowing resolution: RESOLVED,

use of althe discontinue that we established he havejudgment and skill."smoke? Could

as it further a beverage. Be his string records of world's if he cohol

the discontinue resolved that we his is popularly that civsupposed nicopoisoned heart with hadTT cases. use in medical of alcohol disastrous tine? ilized ex- "Most of tobacco man's use He says,

tends back to the time of the lowly is the effect of tobacco on the nervAlcohol not only affects the

Indian. There is, however, hisous system. It so excites and disparent, but his posterity as well.

torical data to indicate that its use arranges the nervous system that Children born of drunken mothers in China reaches far beyond Co- a normally calm and agreeable perhave poisons of alcohol in their lumbus and his memorable age. So son becomes an irascible and an blood, causing subsequent defectthe widespread use of tobacco has ill tempered one if long separated iveness, lowered resistance, and

been centuries in the growing. from the drug."even death.

Today manufacturers of tobacco As for the effects of tobacco upDo you know that some of the are expending millions of dollars on mental efficiency, Hudson Maxmost atrocious crimes in history are 166 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

committed in the name of intoxius. Have we not the spiritual ringing; Carry on; Holding aloft

cation? courage to face it? our colors, we march in a glorious

What an alibi for a man given Future generations will applaud dawn. Oh! youth of a noble birthby the grace of God the opporour efforts and success will crown right, Carry On! Carry On! Carry

tunity to be physically strong, our lives if we stand firmly for On!"

mentally alive and spiritually physical, mental and spiritual great: "I was intoxicated."health through observance of the In reference to the observance of Word of Wisdom. This fight is Note: To the M Man who wins

the Word of Wisdom the Heavenours, and the echo of its victory the 1933 championship The Im- ''ather has given us this promise, will be heard in the lives of those provement Era will present a schol- "And all Saints who remember to yet unborn, and they too will hear arship worth $70.00, good for a

do these sayings, walking in obedithe Desert singing: "Carry on; year's tuition at Brigham Young

ence to the commandments, shall Hills and vales and mountains University.

receive health in their navel and marrow to their bones; And shall

notrun and and be weary shall 4iGreat American WomenContinuedpage from1 5 4 not faint,walk and and I the Lord give that a the promise unto them the to loyal she remained While trathe familiar customs with and shall angeldestroying pass them merciful also she remained Spanish natives, so that ditions the of many Israel as the children of andby saved people. native her She to of the she times saved handful

slaynot them."lives from towns and many many destruction. Spaniards from And this inspirational reading After as a served medidestruction. She her occasion than one more on

itpromise passing seems than more to the the conconquered ator and the native customs of knowledge strange, that in- a we, supposedly queror. of discernment sense keen her and

telligent enlightened people and native plots detect to of enabled her visits to a conher of one carelessly lightlycould pass and by r\ tribes to destroy the along way, the native province quered ours. glorythe that be might Spaniards. the

a rulers, son were her and Since time woman immemorial mankind these carefully detection of The rein. striking called a There was a orhas worshiped Gods God laid the Indian's plots confirmed rare between semblance of beauty attribute perphysicalwhose was subelief the Spaniards that were She Marina. the and it Dona Isfection. woman this as not should felt helpnatives pernatural. The She Marina's mother. was is Donabe, the for the temple not body less as a people they before who, slavery sold into daughter her had theof soul? their read very could thought, the terror before in stood and is now that perfection physical Not occaso thoughts on and many a rulers anticipating of Mexico,all important, unclean but an body reafter a short sions surrendered Marina, just punishment. Dona fit to the soul the withinwarps advice sistance. Marina's Dona her her around however, put arms expressions.outward these encounhelped of on many she that assured her and mother defile the temples not would We ters. at offering the forgiven; same was built, have think but do wewe entire of the conquest Through jewels. rich her time of some own the in arcof which manner we conMexico, Marina was Dona temkindness and sympathy Herdefiling crethe temples has God Eventually stantly Cortez.* with rule. the the In Spanish pered habits takeated of up when we she his wife became and companion as well as distant provinces most drinking?smoking and ruler people. the conquered of influence in her household her own

a military standpoint From felt. she was\T7'HEN we know that tobacco of the heroes of the conwas one training this great woman The

and alcohol often cause dequest; from a political standpoint gave to her servants was so admirinformities children into brought rulers of great one of the she was able that Indian of the many

are committing this world we not because America. Spanish And their daughters, sent of princes own

sin almost unforgivablean when to the help kindness her and in serve nato her household. From

its the habit of use? take upwe still tives the patron she is one of learned the importance they her

We are playing the part of Judah saints of Mexico. Their reverof simplicity and correctness in

when we betray the rights of those ence for her is shown by a current dress, proper manners and behavior coming after us for the sake of a belief that she frequently appears on the street and profited by her cigarette or a drink of the cup that in a memorial grove near the city moral teachings.

cheers? of Mexico in the later twilight, As these teachings were given

Why are we forced to put up still watching over her people. She to the daughters of the ruling

with these evils? Has the sun of has been honored by memorials groups they were in turn given

reason been obscured by the smoke and estates both from the Spanish to other servants and the natives screen of halftruths and fake government and the natives of of their provinces. So that her

claims sent out by tobacco interests Mexico. wisdom and teaching spread

and alcohol brewers? through all of Mexico and her

of Mexico, *It is true the conquest that history in has come down It is and up to the young men so name this great played which woman saint of the as a patron Mexican of I. A.young women the M. part, with attended a important to anin was

fight this battle. We are in a many cruelties. But competent historians people.

strategic position. Our physical, are agreed that the Spanish conquest in

for our Photograph mental and spiritual efficiency must EnglishMexico conquestwas notin moreAmerica.cruel AndthanDonathe V\7ATCH be of the best if we are to win the Marina did much to soften it toward Contest—Indoor announcefight that threatens to overwhelm her people, the Indians. ment next month.

ver LET'S HAVE A PARTY

manes, and a broomstick makes anFUN?Yes. All kinds of it! elegant neck for a giraffe; just cover

Where? At the movies? it and your own neck with some

Wrong. Not this time. wired burlap and put a false head

Joy riding? on the end of the broomstick.

Nor that. Guess again. Make it out of paper and otherWell then, Bridge? wise useless cloth. Any one could

OfYouth—agecourse not.also,Howif couldnot moreyou! rigif heup hasa clown'ssaved anycostumeold theseclothesdaysat

flair for entertainall from the call of charity. Makeso—having a

ment and an apprehension of being your own warts and artificial nose bored is seeking a reply to the old from the children's modelling clay.

query, "What shall we do?"The guests should come prepared

The reply is a conspiracy against to do a stunt, character au naturel.

the lure of the giltedge attractions The best performer gets the mostof modern life—and it centers sham money with which to buy

around the kome. pink lemonade and to patronize

We are going indoors—and not the side shows, among which there

merely to drop the old hat upon might be a thin lady consisting of the rack and snatch a hurried bite, a painted skeleton; or a baby with

the last mouthful of which will be two heads which is made of a headswallowed on the way out again; less doll to which two cardboard

or to shout to mom, dad, or childollars, pasted together with heads dren, as the case may be, that we're out, have been attached; or have

sights. Make them upin, but we'll soon be out—Oh any old

no! We've come in to bide awhile, for yourself, something grotesque.

and we shall ask our friends to You can.

join us. One of the ring feats is tinged

We might have many a good with Black Magic. One person

time around our own firesides by lies straight out on the floor. Four

fostering family spirit and opening people, all smaller, stand two on wide the door of hospitality. Let's each side of him. These four exexchange home personalities. The tend the arms and hands above

to their over heads and then bendlittle things your and say, do you ready here, with two minwhen And get knees the the floor, keeping touch treasurespictures bespeak and your utes to go, your most charming self. And I To do some performing above or below, straight. They do this in unison

love your parties! Do you like Like being a queen on a high trapeze, three times. Instead of a fourth

mine? Or taking the part of an elephant's sneeze, time they hold their breath, stoop

Or maybe a hippopotamus'wheeze. over, and all together, place their

VIITH nothing but the time to So dress up for the part and act up for hands under the shoulders and legs spend let's do it well and get it, too. of the reclining person who is also

the crowd together for some fun From your high bangled hat to your low holding his breath, and thus they shoe, their heads. above high lift him frolic. theand Shall we give more adoAnd withoutspangled in the should one ado strut your best Every room first?lescents a jollification How's ballyhoo.

this for their delightful diversion maintain silence and a sober face to make a go of this. But oh how the big night each guest comes Invitations? Colored f\—a circus! it works! in character, contrived inscribedhandbills; thereon with from

an original jingle and a tinted nothing costing more than no Animal Alphabet is an interestcircus at a play party. to ing game sense. a circus tent ofsketch a stenciled or For instance O! cents—or

is lines, into divided group two at the of the menagerie can The not hand,clown, done the members by printer's. For example: make a lion's or a tiger's head and facing. The first on one side names

You're invited to come to a circus tent face, or suchlike, from heavy paan animal, whose name begins with show, per. Ravelled rope is good for "A". The next names another

168 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

"A"animal, and so it continues, face, hands and arms, and feet and For instance, if the flag were Italy's from side to side. When one side legs, made from crabmeat or slices a spaghetti act might jog the memcannot name another "A"animal, of apple is adorable. Her features ory a bit.

and loses a player to the other side, are hinted at with pimento, parsCarry your scheme of many it names a "B"and all the animals ley, or nuts; her bodice is a small countries through the evening by

with this initial are named, by piece of lettuce on which is sprinputting on an Olympic meet. Vary

members of alternating sides. The kled grated cheese, and the skirt is the antique track meets we used

side having the greatest number of a dainty flare of orange or grapeto hold with an innovation or two.

players at the end of the game wins. fruit half sections. Let's have peaPun your friends'names with their

nuts too, and apples for this barexploitations as you announce the

A GOOD circus game is played baric jamboree. A circus it will events. A game of egg football

with toy balloons. Buy them be indeed!

deflated, they are cheap that way, t-IERE'S an idea for an international party. As each guest

is invited, designate a country whose flag he is to know and which he will represent at the party with a characteristic folk dance, witty story or stunt. Make your own

set of flags for all nations by copying the pictures of them you can find in any large dictionary or encyclopedia. Use colored crayons

and blow them up with air; do and pieces of white cloth 4x6

not attach sticks. Give one to inches in measurement. You'll be

each guest and see who can keep surprised how easily they're made his up the longest by blowing on and how natty they look. Attach

it; no one is allowed to touch it them to small round sticks which

with his hands. You could also you can gild and buy for almost animal.DirectionsFold foron headall dottedand lines,face ofcut anyon

play a game with the balloons in nothing at any candy factory. all solid lines. Paste a under b (6 is

which every one takes sides; ExNumber the flags and place them opposite a. Engraver omitted it.) Paste

tend a string between two walls. around the room. Provide each c under d after a has been pasted under b.

features. Paste <ind h i under f and g. Add Call pencil. side then, pile guest can with paper and see whichNow desired in according proportion any Make

to score. highest the guests time Each number by forwardup the to animal.

any one gets a balloon over the do their stunts, and as each one string and has it touch the fioor is exciting. Mark off either end

in his opponent's area his side gets of the dining room table with five points. The balloons can be checkers, dominoes, or what you

bounced and projected with head, will, for the opposite goals. The

hand, shoulders, elbows, or any players, who are provided with way that you might rule. fans, divide into two teams and

If our youthful guests are exstand at either end. The football

hausted by this time let's refresh is an egg which has been blown.

them with a bite to eat. If we The object of the game is to get the

serve buffet style we can have an ball, which is placed in the center intriguing centerpiece in the form of the table, over the opponent's of a small circus tent made from goal line by fanning it along. A

orange cloth draped around anyplay is foul and should be penalthing round, a man's hat box, for ized by a forfeit of half the disexample, with a roof shaped over tance which has been gained by stiff hexagonally folded paper. the offending side for the following

Stenciled circus figures around the reasons: If the egg is touched by

sides are quite thrilling, and garthe lingers or clothing, if it is struck den flowers, autumn leaves, or berby a fan, or if the egg is blown ries of mountain ash arranged on out of bounds and off the table.

the top of the tent or out from Tissuepaper races are lots of the sides make it very pretty. An fun. Each player has a 12 inch

animal cracker parade will keep the square of differentcolored tissue menagerie from feeling lonesome. paper. The paper is to be blown

We'll stand the animal crackers up or wafted across any distance set.

with a little frosting on nabiscos It is much simpler to say than it is or any small crackers. Home made puts on his performance, the others to do.

popcorn balls with a cardboard or write down the name of the counAnd for refreshments choose crepe paper clown standing upright try for which the flag stands, opsome country and carry out a sigon them make ravishing favors. posite the corresponding number on nificant idea in representing it.

The salad can be shaped in any his card. In case the flags are not Japanese flower arrangements or

appropriate form suggestive of a recognized there might come stimugarden scenes are alluring and difcircus. A trapeze girl with her lus from the nature of the feat. ferent from the ordinary floral cenThe Improvement Era for January, 1933 169

terpiece, if you wish to suggest that gether at any school supply comwith crayon or charcoal the titles nation. Steamed wild rice with a pany. which have been assigned to them,

sauce of creamed chicken giblets is And here are some other games not illustrative of the story, but of delicious. The giblets are very infor your entertainment at home the title only. The titles are

expensive if bought at a restaurant evenings, although you might inguessed at by the drawings and or "chicken inn."This dish might troduce them at almost any kind of written down. "The Rise of Rosy

make you think of the Land of party. "Composite Drawings"O'Grady"was once illustrated

the Rising Sun inasmuch as you should cause a riot of laughter with an explosion of dynamite have foreign nations on the brain. among both young and old. Seat throwing a caricatured woman

Or if you are a little fearful of four people at a table. One makes high in the air.

subtle, idea as too beingthat you a title folds the head, paper comic under If the find can't hidden you rice his eat the host havemight it his neighbor, passes to and like find to some you would who how sticks. Riceconcoction with chop seeing adds a comic without think people body persons? hidden Two well are with daintycakes go and it the passes folded for along, head place and a dark, hiding deep, of

apple cider. under, to another, who puts on an imaginary fugitive. The others

But let's not have all our fun the hands and arms, and so on. are allowed twenty questions in

at parties. It is too great a privThe funniest drawing of the evenwhich to find his whereabouts. All

ilege to belong to a nice family ing merits a reward, such as the the answers must be Yes or No.

not to have some good times withprivilege of forming a tableau like One of the questioners should keep in one's own circle. Happy memthe comic drawing. track of the queries and the anories and traditions fairly cluster swers on paper so that the crossabout "home evenings."Wouldn't IIJAVING stimulated the artistic examiners may study them and

like to try in your them famyou this in genius the party of questions. their next way consult about

ily? will Doubtless they become interesting to be follow might carefully is played If the game are it for occasional they thanmore another with drawing game up concealment of almost any place to be popular.bound Titles."called Various "Hidden quesin twenty be unearthed can

titles plays, books, of or motion to begin tions. way A good let's night, somehavenpHAT slips pictures are written on small hemisphere, the is to determine nice thing extra for dinner and also are of paper numbered. which

wear our nextto-best, provided we These are folded over and one is then the surroundings, ocean, have one. It's quite exciting for given to each person who conceals mountains or desert. It is astoneach person to come to dinner in the title from all others. An easel ishing how well the poor fugitive

mental character. Specify beforeor its substitute is set up, on which can be hunted down. One was

of the to porperson kind behand in an underground surprised once large pieces have paper of numbered trayed, is to be he whether some Everest. tunnel on Mt. in the tacked. been The players, the ofnotoriety Hall from Fame

or one's favorite book friend. Any order of their numbers, illustrate Look around your garden for

adolescent would think it a heap available home and table decoraof fun to be Penrod, who cats like tions. For duck dinner one hos-

a Goop, or Miss Dainty might tess used a low rustic basket filled prefer to be Beth or Amy. Speak with gourds for her centerpiece.

and act identically as the person Have you ever seen them? They

you have chosen would, and let are very easy to raise; if you should

the others guess who you are. plant some, choose a package of

Much hidden talent has been mixed seed so that you can have brought to light when there's been an interesting variety. Some of

a real incentive to find it. Eventhese were hook necked and their

ings in your own living room and color changed abruptly from at your own piano are often inorange to green. Others were

expressibly delightful. One favorround, and some were long, with

ite pastime is shadow pantomime. striped green an.d lemon color like

in be playedThis two ways. may

case in a miniature watermelons. Different a sheet In either hang

wide doorway. The room in ones were plain yellow and some

which the audience sits should be were clear green, but all were small darkened while the other one is and very engaging. Some were

light. One child, or more than spilled out purposely on the white

one, acts the story of any nursery cloth where they lay among some rhyme, in pantomime. Little Jack bronze red autumn leaves which

Horner or Miss Muffet can be very had been arranged artistically vital shadows. Or any set of jointaround the basket.

ed dolls and figures made out of heavy paper, such as a woodman, I hope you have a lovely time his axe and tree, or a boy and a at your parties and home evenings!

snowball is very amusing when (Some of the games mentioned here the paper dolls come to life behind Era Hour have been taken from "The Book of the sheet. You can buy the tiny By Mr. and Mrs. Hyrum Crofts, Diversions,"by Adams, Taylor, and

brads for fastening the joints toSeattle, Wash, Bcchdolt.")

170 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

The Modern Trends In KducationContinuedpage from133 within courses which not only reIn "Fitting the School to the Comes his faithful li'ttle spaniel for a bit of play, and romp strict less able requirements for the say: and Marks Child"—Irwin little the troubled But fellow sternly bids also point the but to enrichway away, go him retardation The accumulated by shown leadership the for and ment more sits All in alone he sorrow, his with hair aftermath accepted surveys is far too with

capable. much philosophy within the school itself. a tangled mass,

eyes are red with And his weeping; he's the teachers it "natural"that think some 4. Individual instruction outThe

didn't oass. boy who class children in every the should repeat lines in the basic learning skills

grade. the represent defeated minorThey

so that pupils may make continual ity, without whose existence the victory How he hates himself for failing, he can progress at their own rate without of the promoted ones would be lacking in hear his playmates jeer.

left they've dullards the with him spirit savor. of competition does not For The sacrificing the social ethical and

a half year, gone a ahead the to process belong educational any more values of proper grade placement. tried he so to conquer, oh, he hard And to children. the than it does life of family

5, Special club work or periods Yet so ingrained is the practice in the pubtried to do his best.

he's But yes, weaker, he knows, and now teachers the school that even of Terman of pupil choice of activity which lic rest. duller the than to groups wished hold the pupils back who initiative encourages and cultivates tell to He's his for mother, ashamed he relatively class. in the stood lowest Reoriginality. peating of grades is the greatest crime thinks she'll hate him, too

In the elimination of competiagainst the educational development of the The little boy who didn't pass, who failed that the school can commit. We of getting through. tion as a primary motive in school child

in statisthink of retardation too much work have come some of the most tical terms, striving, if we strive at all, Oh, you who boast a laughing son, and striking changes in details of manfor an irreducible minimum. What it speak of him as bright.

agement. The old arbitrary standmeans to the individual child to be a failure And you who love a little girl who comes

at night this in to you school is overlooked. But it is from ards for "passing"are gradually

eyes, feet, with dancing with With smiling point that subject of view should the wholegoing originalaway. Marks were school. her honors from taken be reconsidered. up and

ly used to designate a measure of Turn to that lonely little boy who thinks the absolute learning achievement In cartoon form the change he is a fool.

the the dulltake kindly hand, by himof resulted in the pupils. This its triAnd from competition with

class, est in the traditionally large numbers to continued and tragedies of umphs love, needs the most one He is who school failures. An early adjustprogress with only success for all boy who didn't pass. the

ment was to make marks relative. is shown in a recent magazine. In

accomplishedThis was by the use picture the the sadness of edusense progressive a third going TN isof what known technically class is as to the foot of replaced the is adjusting to its broadcation the distribution curve, normal recthe his of beating joy or by own school er visit aims. to a good A use the sectioning ofby and markis ord. education. This modern of absence will formal the showing basis the different courses on of is progressive education Modern inhibitions recitation the old and

sections. in theof study But comaccepting this the plea of anonywill be control. children in Thepetition as a remained dominant verse: mous teacher will be diworking. The

all itsmotive with of attendant at recting the pupils Formal work.sorrow and disappointment. Boy Pass Didn't GradThe Who are skills facts of mastery and

areually entirely giving marks way drill. proschool taught Every by little sits sadfaced fellow in along deep Ato descriptive statements educaof

disgrace. practice vides no such and work tional progress child of each in arising tears his in throat, There's a lump ever children learned of generation

each subject face; of and his branch streaming work. down as as that our of to well read own his for playmates, he wandered from classificationPupil is a He becoming spelling time. and work, Number to doesn't hear want of fall organizingmethod each or

since are laughter, correct the of the being shouts use Their language of merryeach half year for inpurposes of its lost cheer; has world excellent in acquired an With way.struction is and education modern sipped the of sorrow, has cup he He has drill a of this has method come

glass, bitter the drained theremoving stigma the of pupil the conserves teaching opwhich is his fairly the heart breaking; he's And does not keep a race inwho up portunity to about pass. somewhat didn't move boy whoof impossibility specific in intelfreely education thus and make

lines.lectual In vigorous language tree sings apple In the the a cheery robin of privilege healthful. more The

little song.Dr. Strayer George told D. a group social intercourse pupils among to hear doesn't he seem it, uhowingof University professors stuBut and courof the permits development plainly something's wrong; indents 1926:

will. tesy cooperaIn and good

A hickory stick was supposed to nartion in planning projects and in row the range between the best and the devising methods of management poorest in arithmetic. There were other in the room the pupils learn the

lessmethods school system The cruel.—responsiarts of leadership and the

has rationalized. been results same The excurIn of citizenship.arc longer all no expected boys from and bilities

girls. sions, use of visual education lesThe unpardonable sin that may be comsons and special exercises learning

mitted by a teacher is the sin of teaching is made one of real meanings rather children that they are failures. You may than mere words. Games, free

do most anything else to a child and posreading periods, music appreciation sibly be forgiven."exercises and novel entertainment

is to a leisure point the which way The Swan safe. pleasing morally and ConOrville Larsen, But the evil is to both the suc- (Photographed by

cessful and unsuccessful child. Denmark) struction work, dramatizations.

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 171

school papers, arts and crafts, proThe school of tomorrow will work toThe two trends listed last in vide opportunity for expression ward broader objectives in education. this article as marking progress in

find will child in school joy because The is learned applicationand of what education are likewise its rich of for selfregular opportunities guidedto situations comparable somewhat challenges to the church worker. set realization. himself for hardHe will

to real life so that there is assured er tasks than any teacher could set for Competition and marks cannot be a greater degree of transfer of what him. used as motives. The educational

is learned in school to the things The school of tomorrow will not conwork of the church must be made all sider until its task children complete outside.that be Learndone it must attractinteresting presenting by

fitted of successfully into are school age active.ing is does not program The justifying to learnthe ively and by activities the citizenship vocation."of and

consist of a surfeiting of childhood er as being worth while to him in elaborate amusewith easy and ideals. his life's achieving doctrines of the church effect TpiHE says in Dr.ment. Sneddon of achievement More difficult instress the importance of the

spiritualthat should "seek and we of interest is the than this creation his rights. church dividual and The hardiness endurancemental and participation. provision for pupil participafor provides government provision ofthrough few companis trained. being lack The in Youth tion as educational program an

ions, moderate books, emofew this desired ability of adult makes its recent organizations. In of

fare, plaintional incitements, apall necessary. training Doubts, prob- a there years been has movement

sensibilities, fair aestheticpeal to errors, lems, sense unsatisfactory all state regular the release to toquantities of physical work, reasonacademic instruction except that of values, desire to delve into varied to exactingable subordination of study philosophy, and the in Unilines Brigham Young in givendisciplines experience and some traits these are the others of and leadership versity a necessary where necessity resourcesfinding tinder acthese youth. stops stop To highest institution of the training

onesself."thewithin doing To tivity. these guide stimuand To scholastic maintained. type is being

this,of edapproximately modern activity in studying, youthful classes are religious being late day Week eyes the is tending.ucation In is a chalthinking, managing and regular of organized. Teaching

the editor ofof the Journal of the in the teachers to the lenge church. in lessons priesthood the courses ofNational Association Education leaders the of endorse church The is is stressed. a There quorums

isthis the schools leading to trend in the support trends modern and institutional in placement changeof his of tomorrow. sumSome the school in education concur and the conchurch the but work leave will sentences us with ofmary real desire as to achieve character its interest in education. tinues Thea picture: vivid accept aim. should and are clearly an this They apof aims work

"The school of tomorrow will continue preciation aims. Knowledge is not use the developed educational praclongerits guidance and release it more

the schoolgradually of today. than No the goal. Character traits and attices in their own institutions in

one will be dropped from school because titudes are desired. In this way order to achieve their particular

he does not fit. church leaders find themselves aims in furthering the development

of tomorrow will demand The school teachers of greater skill and training than working side by side with the great of spirituality in the lives of young the school of today. educational leaders of the country. people.

ilCV)!"-<

Continued from page 135Cities of Ancient Mexicoor late at night, one of us would between hearings to look at the tional designs in stone work found say, "Would you rather have it two important ancient ruins: Mitin any of the ancient ruins of Mexwarmer or cooler than it is?"to la, twentyfive miles southeast of ico. In most ruins of Maya, Azwhich the other would reply, "I the city of Oaxaca and Monte Altec and Toltec origin human

would rather not have it even a ban which is just seven miles away. faces and serpents play an importdegree warmer or cooler."In the meantime we found the ant part, but in the temples of

city with its 40,000 people largely Mitla the heavy walls have surVTT'E had an unusually fine opof Zapotec Indian blood to have faces of cut stone and a filling of portunity to study the ruins many items of interest. It is an concrete or rubble and are ornain the Oaxaca region. It happened area that is very subject to earthmented with longitudinal panels

that Paul Henning, an authority quakes. of geometric designs arranged acon archaeology, for the Mexican At Mitla we have probably the cording to a carefully worked out

government, had willed his valubest example of complex convenplan. These designs are shown in

able collection of books to Brigthe accompanying pictures and are ham Young University. He had used in modern pottery and blandied in the city of Oaxaca and the kets. The patterns are formal and

books became entangled in the red composed of mosaics of separately tape of the Mexican courts. We carved stones which fit neatly tohad tried in vain to have them mm gether.

released by longdistance negotiaThe doorways are wide and low tions and a personal visit became with lintels of great blocks of necessary. President Pratt went carved stone. From measurements

along to help me out. We found we estimated the weight of one

that even when we were on the of these lintel stones to be at least ground the 'judge could not be On the Mediterranean twentynine tons.

hurried and we had ample time (Photographed by LaVaun Merrill) These temples were the burial 172 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

disks serpent project heads from which ofground Zapotecan kings the ancient and of A NUMBER is a the forward, and suspended neck from a place have pilgrimbeen ofmay have been examined tombs a but collar as bird a small pendant. with

age. there absence Here is an as of what Seven is known Number is its artistic its side striking, scien- "If

pyramids which are so conspicuous has yielded the most treasure. Of tific value is no less great; for in the two

in Yucatan and the Valley of Mexthis Dr. Caso says in the October, plates below the diety appear two years,

like the represented by a symbol letters AOico and even in nearby Monte Alsig- 1932, National Geographic Maginterlaced, the Mixtecs which amongban. Instead these temples are azine: nified a year.

catalogued than fiveplaced more "We have Iom platforms on which parts breastpiece, various this make "To articles hundred Seven, from Tombusually to cast contain each soldered cruciform tombs. afterward at were and

including under neckone number, gold. the back the heating other by On buildings are assembledThe in lacestimes pearl, gold, of turquoise, and comserved to that small support rings are twogroups almost enof four which * * of posed each. * of hundreds beads it."

close square paved courts. One of the most extraordinary pieces was

will not permit a more The present village at Mitla, ain rockcrystalheight by 3urn.inchesIt inmeasuresdiameter4%andinchesthe CPACE

with its Zapotec Indian populasides arc twofifths of an inch thick. detailed description of these antion, is full of interest. Its prim- "Since rock crystal is one of the hardest cient cities found in the great Oaxdifficult substances to and work, valley depresent of the it acaitive nor dwellings are overshadowed

is inexplicable lapidaries Mixtec ishowmostthe those of peoples scendants oleanders, flowering whoby pomegranin succeeded creating a perfect object such ates, orange and lemon trees and which even today would be a tour de force built them. Of the latter, may I

by organ cactus which is used as for a sculptor who possesses tools of refinepause to say that the two greatest hedgefences. ment and precision unknown to the anleaders of modern Mexico, Juarez

cient natives."and Diaz, came from Oaxaca and

Juarez, greater the two, the of was going Mitla to Oaxaca fromTN describes in objects He many practically Indian. a pure Zapotec tree great passes the one of Tula detail. one of these must Of we

I wife wrote is Oaxaca From certainly the largmy ofwhich one hear says: he what that never be satisfied un- I wouldest trees in the doubtless world and the objects, golden great the "Among

one of the oldest of living things. breastpiece in the form of a 'jaguarknight'til I could take her to see the wonIt is a kind of Cyprus. Four feet was of special interest. It represents a huders of that land. I hope that ev-

a jaguar's wearing head head man helmet feel reader will ery to urge the same the it measuresfrom 160 ground imitation with feathers thread. of golden get the firsthand contacts withfeet in circumference; twentyeight is in the a Over the of shape mouth mask

cities ancient of remains those in outstretchedpersons with arms and fleshless a the cords jawbone, and human finger tips touching can barely enwhich support it may be clearly seen passwhich dwelt a people of such uncircle it. It is supposed to have ing below the nose. In the ears are two usual intelligence and skill.

been more than a thousand years old when Columbus discovered America. It sheltered Hernando

Cortez and his soldiers more than four hundred years ago, and over a hundred years ago Baron Alexander Von Homboldt inscribed his name on the trunk. This is now

partly grown over with bark. This

tree helps to give a person a feeling for the age of the ruins of this vicinity.

We are now more interested in Monte Alban than even the famous

Mitla with its wonderful designs and its excellent condition of preservation. This interest arises from

the fact that it is at present the center of active exploration which is being so richly rewarded.

When we visited it a fine auto road to the summit was just being completed by a grant from the President of the Republic; and the James Willard Schultz with Chief Bear Hat, the Kutenai

new excavations were just being undertaken by Dr. Alfonso Caso, TAMES WILLARD SCHULTZ. Schultz lived nearly all his life

head of the Department of Archas- J who has written perhaps more among the Blackfeet tribe in the ology of the National Museum of Indian stories than any other perregion of the Rockies now emMexico. The money for the purson, is shown in Glacier Park with braced by Glacier National Park.

pose was furnished by a number Bear Hat, the Kutenai, visiting He is rated as one of the two best of Mexican institutions and by the several of the Blackfeet tribes, versed men in the universal Indian late Dwight Morrow. This work gathering old Indian legends, sign language, General Hugh Scott

has now been carried far enough learning of their thrilling advenbeing the other. Schultz, it is reto show that this is one of the tures, their wars, peacemakings, ported, speaks also the. language of

most fruitful fields of archaeological and ways of life in that country half a dozen tribes.discovery ever to be investigated. in the long ago.—Glenn S. Perrins.

(iWe/cMzede Priesthood Fraternity in the Priesthood Quorums

By JAMES LLOYD WOODRUFF, M. D.

mS article by Dr. Woodruff, of other view of the problem confronting outward manifestations. We have

California, ought to be of interest us if we are to accomplish all that God talked with him, in the quorum, at

TO all men holding the Priesthood intended when He placed His Priesthis home, at our home, at play and at whether they agree with the author or hood upon the earth. We must begin work. We must feel his spirit with a

not. to visualize a situation where the really certain amount of understanding; and

important factor is the responsibility know something of his aspirations "And by this shall all men know of the quorum and its duty to the and the things which are limiting these that ye are my disciples if ye have love individual members who go to make longings. We must know of his health

one to another."(John 13:35) up the quorum. The old viewpoint and his wealth, of his friends and his

lost many who were on the roll of the family, his joys and his sorrows, his the Church of Jesus Christ of quorum; the new perspective will do loves and his hates; and why there

to restore hates. them. someAt once any much we are know We must Saints Latterday we have theIN are impressed with his attitude important thing of and dison this new greatest fraternal in organization

the world today. When I say tinctive angle. It has been little stressquestions both in and out of the

greatest I am not speaking of the numed in the past, or if stressed it has church; and we must know of his

ber enrolled, I speak of the power, the never been made a vital working force worries, his temptations and his vicdignity, the authority found therein. in the functioning activities of the tories.

VVe have the Fraternal Order of Jesus various quorums of the two PriestThis is a large order. To be a

Christ, the Son of the Living God; hoods. disciple of Christ is a commission

and a large majority of the male memwhere bigness is a very essential attribership of the church are fellows of What Comprises A Quorum? bute and we can not become one of

neunless the things them we know arises,this often order. question The responsibility to the of The quorum cessary to us with acquainted make this value understanddo and we the individual does Just member! what If brother. our not do know we its alive tofellowship? Are we this a comprises mean? quoWhat are towards to love have him we how as apossibilities? reaching ladder Not its those Certainly making rum? up is flourishing, love? active that a him, presence the earth into very thefrom roster. this respect In think must we is It that the not enough quorum as physical a mundane,of but God, these as of being one members and is it its sees to that of one Deacons theorganization wherein members may at several the in time. that One, same to eager pass the sacrament, ready and significancereally the learn scope and collective a they whole: up make many, vessels, the cleanse prepare and them Fraternalism.of the word,

is in inthe that of whole up made see service; to the that after the boy the Priesthoods, Melchizedek In tegral parts. the of speak we When is at present are meeting. only These is set the Aaronic, machinery upand the responsibility to the of quorum its mechanical operations though and learn to andwhereby know men may it individual as consider member we it it it if here be has perfect stops I feel this the other.love each was a responsispeak the whole; of and like the truely, "Neglected Martha, deathless the inspiredthought which this bility individuals to of the whole part."better I chosen Christ have of whichwords is If this the whole. up make who

shall this activities cry: hisas rallying out about our by when "And What easily clear then consider can more we

disciples, offall that of are the the church ye and quorum know men my this just responsibility the of what if Is clean? to In proanother."love he grounds? ye one he have Does

is. the to.individual whole

the past, and at present we have neIn the first place before it is possible fane? Is he learning to smoke? Is he

this drifting function careless into habits of important personalglected love that to another,"one "Have we is his undesirable orPriesthood. company? What learn to other. each we must know

It is that thing, attitude the strange, vitally necessary toward we exnew is vital the responsione of very This lives the attribute in called daily is facing? "Life"heemplify our which Who bilities the individual. of to the whole

to will says these ascertain Savior right to the the prove havewhich If the individual to the should is known disciples. are things? that Deacons'His not His the world Quorum, we will then be the whole whole known

to that love another. as Bill or one have knows must him a quorumWe it is to individual. the necessary Here

seen this secret love, at can be a or not meetSunday onNot quorum Tom a to bit analyze pause more. and What

active, It lives, ever does be an but notby he men. where must mg, know say, do must mean when we we "We

vital will interest sorin love hispresent, his joys has which no make and is It to learn each other"? not know

life, life his his rows, hurried pause the oreven most play and wonhome sufficient that a brother we know by is is expressed der. inquire love not type too indolent of he to whether This at his see that and name quohim we

it in shelter. alone, made, be the necessary has and must food and words that other meetings; or and rum we

is If alive deeds, deeds the the dig prove tokept into deep which by quorum greet can shake and name him by it life in love intimate, the this private of that have our of Lord boy we should with meet hands we him him it hearts, another. to that one privitheour has must him show street. these the All only be on may

is is I Fraternallege, all the use the meant what with This by meanword expressions, a robot mechanical might it ing so ism. privilege conveys: the to

as much. do

In the past the great and important enter the inner recesses of his soul beresting responsibility holding one upon his has been duty the Priesthood to If We Know Our Brother causedear heit ishasto provedit. It mustto himconvincehow veryhim

his quorum. We are now beginning If we know our brother we have that his welfare is one of the most

to understand that we must take andelved much deeper than any of these important problems facing it. Its at174 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

titude towards him in the past must be spread about by you, their fellow when the overcoming is very difficult.

have been of such a character that he quorum members. Minimize their In days of darkness and discouragement

knows that all it is doing, or intends mistakes and magnify their successes. we are not strong enough, in and of

to do, is being done because it has a Fraternalism in the quorum should ourselves, to recreate the wonders vital, all embracing love for him. be of such a character that slander and which brought us out of the bondage

The same intimate knowledge of defamation of character among the of Egypt, the marvel of the dividing its members should be the end product members is unknown. This does not waves of the Red Sea. No, we are

of every other quorum. mean that where there is actual wrong apt to cry in our hearts for the flesh

doing it should be ignored. If my pots of the world around us. We

Know the Truth plea has any vitality you already may even pray for some lesser prophet

I was told the other day by a very know there is a way, a fraternal way, to build us a golden calf of materialism profound thinker, "Men never disagree to handle such a situation. The one, which our eyes can see and our hands

about that which is definitely known: or ones, in the quorum best fitted to can feel. These are perilous times

they disagree about that which is a handle the particular situation, has, and the old faith is sometimes hard matter of opinion or belief."Consider or have, already so thoroughly conto grasp and hold. If we walk alone

this for a moment and the full force vinced every other member of their we may walk in darkness but if we of the thought will come home to love and interest, that he, or they, can walk in the company of our brethren you; and the power of its application go to the brother in error and give some one will have a cheery word,

to the subject in hand will be startling him genuine help and comfort. some one will have a glowing torch.

in its clarity. We distrust our neighNo attempt is being made to cover

bor because we do not know him. Fraternalism in the Quorum this inexhaustible subject. Only some

We go to answer the door bell; a Fraternalism in the quorum should of the high lights of Fraternalism in

stranger faces us; at once we inwardly be a joyous thing, a happy expression our quorums and the practical benefits

draw back; we surround ourselves of "Peace on earth good will to men."to be derived are considered.

with a shell of reserve; we send him It should bring sunshine and gladness

away: if it is a face we know we greet into the lives of all of you. "Man is Quorum Fraternalism in

it with smiles and a welcome; yet the that he might have joy"epitomizes Tabloid Form

stranger may be actually "an angel this particular thought. Let your In tabloid form Quorum Fraternalunawares."quorum Fraternalism bring to each ism is:

"Know the truth, and the truth and every member pleasant association An intimate and brotherly acquaintshall set you free"is only another way and carefree pleasures. Laugh a little, ance with every member of the quoof expressing this thought. Know smile a lot, let your brethren, and the rum.

the truth about your brother and you world in general, see that you think An intelligent understanding of the will be set free from distrust on his this a very lovely world, and that life responsibilities of the quorum to the account. is a splendid opportunity. member.

live, interest practical in each at all all his activities. times in The Step of Practical ginning;Go backit isforinteresting.a momentTheto Creatorthe bememberA

Helpfulness had been busily engaged in building A clearing house where the good

When we have gained this knowl- a universe. His hand had guided the works, the talents, the aspirations, the

edge we are prepared to take the next mighty forces which had brought tosuccesses of each member are taken step: the step of practical helpfulness. gether the necessary ingredients to form into friendly consideration.

In this we have always been sadly the glory and the beauty of the heavens A thoughtful supervisor who enlacking and this lack goes right back at night. While doing this a very courages the member in all his activito the first proposition, our ignorance small fragment had been set aside and ties and helps him to find himself and

of each other. We have not had sufso molded and worked upon by the his best work, both in and out of the

ficient confidence in each other to be physics and chemistry of eternity that church. One also that points out his

really helpful because we have been it finally became the Earth. The errors, both material and spiritual.

strangers. When work is to be done Master Workman who had seen at An employment bureau where prefhow often is a quorum brother asked close hand all the majesty and the erence is given in all work to quorum

to do it? Or if asked, how often is brightness of unnumbered suns, looked members who are qualified to do it.

he grudgingly rewarded. "He ought upon that which He had placed as al- A leader who encourages a happy,

to do this for less, he is a quorum most the least of His works and when joyous outlook in the hearts of the brother!"As a rule even this last is it was finished He saw that it was members which is carried back into

not considered and the work is given "very good."Has the thought ever octhe home.

to some one else, often not of the curred that if He, with all His intimate A teacher who is able to demonstrate church at ail, often to an inferior workcontact with the loveliest things, saw not only the beauties of the gospel man as well. This does not conform that the world upon which we are but also the beauties of the world in

in pattern to the badge we are to wear, living was "very good,"how many which we live, the sublimity of the according to the Master. It is a poor, times magnified to our untrained eyes thought that man is made in the image

pink, watery love which expresses itthat goodness should appear? of God, not only physically but spiritself in words and passes the practical Real Fraternalism in the quorum ually. One able to envision the very

help of the day over to some one not will deal with this and kindred marvels fine things in music, painting, literof us. This condition makes it diffiand show us, to our astonishment that ature, and nature.

cult for us to prove to others that we the things we have so often rated as A seer who can bring the hearts of are His disciples because we have love meager and poor are, in the sight of the members very close to the Lord, one to another. our Heavenly Father, "very good."awakening a renewal of faith, hope

The Fraternalism of the quorum and love.

should reach out into the practical and A Faith of Power And thus is Fraternalism, a living, give that which we have to give to Another thing which our quorum building power in our quorums, exquorum members. Tradesmen, trade Fraternalism will develop within us plained. Put it into practice and it

with them: artisans, employ them in as a greater force, is that faith which will not be long until all men will

your building and other activities: proin its pure simplicity has power to know of a certainty, we are the disfessional men, use them: artists, study move mountains. We need this in ciples of our Lord and Master; for

with them. Sing of their good work, our lives; we need it to build anew even a fool will be able to see that we

interest others in them, let their fame the necessary soul force to overcome, "Have Love One To Another."

ylaronic rriesthood New Lesson Books Ready Priesthood,the standardsandsetnotupallbyaretheinformedPresidingof 1931,Number1,003—1932,of wards and1,008;branches—total

> 1931, 61,296'[EW lesson books for all quorums Bishopric for carrying on this importclass meetings—

"of the Aaronic Priesthood have ant work in the Church. 1932, 67,052; total number Aaronicbeen prepared by the Presiding BishIn each of the bulletins mentioned Priesthood—1931, 69,038—1932,

opric and are now ready for distribuabove, each stake is given a rating 71, 719; percentage average attendancetion. They axe being: distributed in percentage of one hundred, which at quorum meetings—1931, 25%—

through stake clerks, who have been is the maximum. As a matter of in1932, 25%; per cent filling assigninformed as to the procedure. formation to those concerned with the ments—1931, 50%—1932, 47%;

The books for 1933 contain several welfare of the Aaronic Priesthood of per cent attendance at Sunday School new features which add greatly to the the Church, the basis of this rating is—1931, 26%1932, 27%; per

interest. The book for Deacons is given herewith: cent observing Word of Wisdompossible 1931, 1932, 45%,—40%; lives the incidentsbased from upon cent average Per classes quorums number and 1931, attendance—50% is leaders, comourof and Church points; cent that or per 10 actual 3454; 3372—1932, number more—stories entirely of from almostposed filled assignments 10 100% classes——-1931, quorums and 2543—established lives the ofthe men who per cent attendance points; average 1932, of with wards 2662; number last great in days. thethis As work at points; Sunday 10 1932, 1931, 625; School—50%—partstories an such important supervisors—form 558—that cent per observe of WisWord cent per attendance supervisors of as are given the suggestions book,of proportion 10 1931, 63 1932, dom—100%—number 70%; %o—learning best the ofto methods how to possible actual of istake of 1931, 404 points;quorums—100% is tell stories. material underto This committees—points; with 10 of number wards—visits to 1932, of 604; wards number title of, "Better Telling,"Storythe points; per 100%-—10 total supervisors——1931, 2879; 2868—1932, fact stresses the Jesus that taughtwhich attendance cent of all rating of 1931, supervisors—100% 58%,—stories called entirelyalmost through stakes—points; stake 10 on comnumber—1932, 61%. class all It leaders thatparables. urges to per 10 ward up this gratifying Items in most mittee—one The six—telling proficientthemselves in become visit points; average per or increased are the comparison numbers ward—two betterstories; in they that order might visits points; per 10 more the stake Aaronic on Priesthood comquarter—thatinterest the members, and quorum class average per meetings Increase of hundred two ward—three for stepas in a missionary preparation mittees—an per per meetings 10 ward

; tor the period, being the nearly month—50% classesservice, the learn the of members points. increased attendance supervisors of tell stories. tohow

to from Sixtyseven 63 %o ten points are as a given Where 70%. lesson for has Teachers books The additional adopted wards the system this a proportion of maximum, numits subject, Teacher'sfor Re- "The of Aaronic Priesthood supervisors, ber is given, actual based the uponsponsibilities."It in detail the covers

bringing results in specified. each item Theduties, authority, and responsibility

mately 62 rating the the of Church for the% totalof allto the625,wardsor approxi'of the the Teachers'quorums,of and lays average Church. the are of wards As many nine ending 30, months Septembera splendid for foundation advancement

small, very the of bishopric members three a gain points 1932, of was 61 %, Priests'of theinto quorum. Much as act supervisors. this first into the Taking three over of 1931. months rhateriai lesson in thethe Teachers'

consideration, the of is wards number to information This presented is also in story form.book

operating the under supervision leaders now Priesthood Aaronic the at besubject of the manuals for The plan as recommended of the by the Presiding ginning in that the year hope isPriests "Missionary In Themes."Bishopric is very gratifying. will all concerned forth posput every

a practical and interesting manner, it sible effort to make a substantial inSubstantial gain is noted both in presents material of exceptional value crease in the ratings for the next twelve the total number of members of the to young men, preparing for missionmonths. Aaronic Priesthood, and the class meetary work. In each of the three lesson ings held. The average attendance

books, special attention is given to the at Sunday School increased one point, teaching of genealogy through the Nine Months'Report Shows although attendance at Priesthood is the of which Remembrance,Book special activity genealogical of the Substantial Progress quorumObservancemeetingsof the remainedWord oftheWisdomsame.

Aaronic Priesthood quorums. CTATISTICS are frequently dry, increased from 45% to 48%, which

Each book contains a brief chronexcept to those who are interested is decidedly encouraging. The one

ology of Church history for members in the facts they reveal. Aaronic item showing a decrease Is, unfortuof the Aaronic Priesthood containing Priesthood leaders throughout the nately, one of the most important items

dates of events in v/hich members of Church should be interested in the in Aaronic Priesthood supervision

Aaronic Priesthood quorums should be figures which reveal the results of their that of assignments for quorum duties interested. efiorts. The last report of Aaronic filled by members. This decrease Is

Priesthood activity, issued by the Prefrom 59% in 1931 to 47 % in 1932.

Improvement in 1933 siding Bishopric, covers the first nine While some definite reasons are assignmonths of 1932. In most departments ed for this decrease, Aaronic Priest-

"EACH three months the Presiding it shows a gratifying gain, considering hood supervisors should use every pos- "Bishopric issues a bulletin to stake the handicaps which have prevailed sible effort to keep the members of and ward leaders of Aaronic Priestthroughout the year. Comparing the our quorums actively engaged in

h'ood, containing reports of important ten items used as a basis of rating in Priesthood work. As a whole, the reactivities having to do with Lesser the Aaronic Priesthood, these are the port off'ers encouragement -and reflects

Priesthood progress. Unfortunately, results of the first nine months of 1932 the splendid cooperation and unselfish

changes are'frequently made in stakes compared with the corresponding peservice of the committees in stakes and and wards of the leaders of Aaronic riod of 1931: wards assigned to this work.

MUinUAL MESSAGES txecutive Department Send ait Correspc/ndence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendencj General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

SMITH. 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET ALBERT GEORGE FOX, RUTH MAY RICHARD R. LYMAN, CANNON, LUCY GRANT

MELVIN'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY.

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A, KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Greetings

'I 'O our officers near and far we send And you, the officers of the great spirit and fine cooperation is unboundgreeting. The year 1932 with its M. I. A. organizations, are helping ed. So again we greet you with a

sorrow and joy, its follies and pertremendously to hasten that glorious hearty plexities is now a part of the great day. Then why should you not look God Bless You,

past. up and rejoice in the blessings that Geo. Albert Smith,

A New Year—a glad New Year are yours? The work you are doing Richard R. Lyman,

dawns upon the horizon. What will by your faithful efforts and splendid Melvin J. Ballard,

it bring? To everyone that has faith examples to direct the youth of Zion (Gen. Suptcy.),

in God it will bring peace and hope in the paths of righteousness cannot and joy. Doubt in the ultimate outbe measured by any known device. Ruth May Fox,

come does not enter the heart of a God alone knows, and you may be Lucy Grant Cannon,

Latterday Saint for he kinows the sure he will not forget. Clarissa A. Beesley,

future is bright with promise. Our appreciation for your good (Gen. Presidency)

Annual Report of the Y. L. M. I. A. Shows Marked

Increase in Enrollment TOURING the past year the Young ance every Tuesday evening during the It is interesting to note that there -*- Ladies'Mutual Improvement Asentire year. This attendance is very was a total number of 36,271 regular

sociation has made gains in membergratifying, but it is to be remembered Tuesday evening meetings held last ship which are indeed gratifying. that our goal in average attendance is year and 1,422 testimony meetings.

For the year 193031 the annual at least twothirds of our enrollment. Visits by Stake Board members to

report showed an enrollment of Our annual report last year shows wards, 8,996; average number of Stake

{gjgg.47567 an enrollment of 13,805 Gleaner girls; Board officers visiting 1,181. NumMissions (20 reporting) 8930 8,726 Junior girls; 14,008 BeeHive ber of visits made to stakes by General

. girls (both ranks). It would seem acBoard members, 731.

Yq[3j 56 497 cording to these statistics that almost Y. L. M. I. A. officers in the variFor the year 193132: completing BeeHive work ous stakes and wards raised and turned

to the return the Junior over (,. Department benefits, to bishops for ward -c 307

year. following Therefore our service some of $6,518.85. greatly This was (\iMissions\x n9.063 "/ni(21 reportmg)*;-""\ --- in inconcentrated appreciated. J

libraries the in our contain r o a I 64, 450 creasingpartmentmembershipas, with ainfiveyearthe Gleanercourse,DewardWe associationsnote that 23,276 r-,This. shows, a.total. 1 increase ofc iiJ should be more girls enrolled. books. These are mostly/ reading5

7,953. are p\** eiforts the present year During still further the to increasebeing made ''s'WTiirwwmKmBmmimmKammmKmmmmr'rt'*- * < '** - iBfwwSlf 'i iiw*\iij it will be poshopemembership. - We fcl fSmd ah'-A* - lij. -MlR girlsible to enlist every * iri|f|l|?i,ieA. in our wards F ''Wf-I*Wf!tifti%"*e -of Mutual age. There is no better * - - -"'- -'-

way to put our slogan into effect than to touch the lives of all of our boys -%- -IMMiPMMi,. IHBgirmfe,mar iWand girls with the splendid program W f

the A. offers. fcwhich M. I. -- m,-T'-* during the average attendance elA-i The -'SHSHHUfeiK il!HV M S i

year 1930-3 1 was 62 %, which means that 35,028 young ladies were in attendance at Mutual every Tuesday evening during the year. The average f; f Winning Road Show Act "Ode to Youth"

attendance for 193132 was 61%, Presented by Belvedere Ward, Grant Stake showing that 39,314 were in attendWith 45 members, this cast made 18 presentations of their act

The Improvement Era for January 1933 177

course books of past years which have L. M. I. A. members can indeed enWe hope our members will enjoy the

been carefully selected for the reading rich their lives through wholesome books selected for this year.

of our Mutual members. How many reading. Last year's report shows that Our hearts are full of gratitude to

of these books are being circulated 1,480 people read the "Life of Brigour 12.058 officers and class leaders

and read? Careful and systematic ham Young;"447 "People and Muthroughout the Church for their decheck should be made of all books sic;"1,247 "Medical Aspects of the votion and loyalty to M. L A. We

a definite time limit being set for the Word of Wisdom;"4,010 "Singing in are sure you feel partially compensated

reading of books lent to members the Rain;"5,121 "Larry;"920 at least, when you realize that you are

as in a well regulated library, A li- "With Malice Toward None;"557 bringing wholesome association and

brarian may be appointed; otherwise "Modern Pioneers;"274 "Life of the enrichment of life to the young people

it is the responsibility of the Secretary Bee;"miscellaneous books read, 641. of this Church.

to keep these books intact. Our Y.

Sunday Evening Joint Session for February tJEBRUARY is Anniversary month Scout Page in this Imptooement Era Publicity Director and all those in- -'for the Boy Scouts. The Scouts will be appropriate to use as a part of terested in the progress of Scouting

and the Vanguards, therefore, may this February program. Where the should be brought together to arrangewish to utilize this Sunday evening words—"Salt Lake Council"—are a rousing program.

for their own purposes. used, the name of the local council The Young Ladies, especially the

the even or substituted name be year might the one Since February to invited be should Hive Girls, Bee district. particular the or of ward thecelebration Hundredth of closesTwo take could participate. part on They to be this needs year Scouting birth George the ofAnniversary of

Washington, patriotic themes will be brought prominently and interestingly the program by giving demonstrations appropriate. before the public. The Troop Comof their work and by furnishing draThe dramatization given on the mittees, the Scout Masters, the Scout matic readings, solos, choruses, etc.

Drama (50c each) Powder the Face directly it can ordered or be from SuppliesMakeup factory:

Flesh 10b. 1. White cents) (each in Paint Tubes 50 for Grease requests have been madeA /TANY 1 1. Light Cream 2. Pink Light*'"* Factor's a list of makeup Max 7. light 12. pink 3. Spanish Cream 1, Very Pink

stage. the Facforpreparations The la. Juvenile 7a. Light Dark 15. Sunburn 4. Medium Brown Ruddy at Highland Studio,tor Hollywood 8. 2. Mexican Pink 16. Spanish 5. Healthy Tan a Cal., will send 8a. East Juvenile IndianBlvd., 2a. Hollywood,

1 8. Indian 6. Naturelle 9. Flesh 2y2. Arab request, catalogue and uponsupply

for 25c will send a set of pamphlets 3. Flesh Juvenile 10. Indian 7r. Rachellc 19. Hindu

4, Light Cream 11. 20. Othello Mulatto 8. Outdoor makeup.on

12. Mikado Cream

9. (Light Negro) Sunburn list following gives the num- 4. The 15. 5. Yellow White

bers of the most commonly used prep5V. Orange 16. Light Negro

arations. Z, C. M. L Drug Store, 6. Sallow 17. Negro Lining Colors (25c each)

Salt Lake City, carries this material. 6a. Tan 18. Red 1. Black 9. Maroon-

2. Dark brown Crimson

3. Light brown 11. Yellow

4. Dark blue 12. White

5. Light blue 15. Gray

6. Blue gray 16. Medium blue

Moist Rouge (35c each) 1. Light 3. Medium

2. Special 4. Dark

Under Rouge (35c each)

1. Pale rose 3. Brunette

2. Rose 4. Carmine

Dry Rouge (50c each)

12. Light 18. Theatrical

Theatrical Raspberry Day Blondecn 'Naturelle

Dermatograph Pencils (50c) Black, brown, blue,, red.

Cosmetic (35c each) "An Old Fashioned Fashion Shotv"—the annual party of the Liberty Stake

Young Ladies Board. The party is in honor of the ward presidents..For beading eyelashes.

178 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

Reports Report of Accomplishments for SeptOct

Era eve-.3 L. Y. M. STAKE ELDERDOX t. 11 I. 1 takeS "suc4Jw, a.a very completed just has A, 4.1M u in used It Is taken reviews scries Sunday of book cessful

session of No. Wards in

project. number S.-& as a summer Stake conducting Aup II E Wards

in 73 -*G groups been have and plays excellent booksof held 0 O joint having i P our of some reviewed byprepared and ll most talented women. p 2 1 of ing g i

in evening early Tuesday met We 1 i il Is6 c II II city liroom of our basement coolthe was evening our room eachbrary, and appreciaenthusiastic and anfilled by YM YL YM YL 3 1.a(U tive audience.!UPP.

helped has activity this that feel We

Alberta 12 7 spirit during mutual the aliveto keep Alpine 6 6.. 6 76.. 6 76 26 66 66 56 15 26 56 26 66 66 66

6 has afforded 5 9 2 Bannock 6 4 1 2 and 9 9 5 9 2the summer months, 12; 12 12 12 Bear 3 "2 7 4 6 12 8 Lake 12 10 7 girls to "9 10 mutual for ouropportunity 12 12 12 3 River 12 Bear 6 2 7 12 4 12 8 7 10

and way; 9 in a social Benson 10 together 10 12 7 9 4 13 11 8 3 5 11 13mingle 14 5'3 3 3 Beaver 3 3 2 2 2 2 2 an been it has 2 "1 attendedto all who 3 Blackfoot 3 3 14 2 3 2 3 3 3

1 1 1 1intellectual treat. Blaine 1 1 2 8 2 2 2

"4 Boise 4 4 4 7 8 10 3 6 8 6 "5 8 8 8 Boxelder 14 10 3 6 "7 13 8 7 12 4 10 4 7 12 1 3 8 7 2 4 7 6 4 10 10 8 6 8 8 6 8 Brilliant Ball at CacheA 1 1 1 Cassia 5 4 3 4 5 6 3 2 5 1 4 li) 10 1 "2 Cottonwood 10 10 10 3 10 10 7 10 5 3Tahoraiti "2 4 7 3 1 7 Curlew 7 4 7 7 5 2 3 2 5 5 6 Deseret 3 6 7 6 8 2 6 7 7 12 8 8 7 6 ball, an annual gold green and'npHE 8 1 9 4 6 4 1 6 9 East Jordan 11 6 9 1 5 5 5 5 2 4 3 5 7 10 "4 9 7 "3 6 7 under Emery at House held Aoea * event, the auspices of the M. I. A., proved EnsignFranklin 118 9 10a 7 106 108 18 108 89 5 33 85 34 45 88 89 87

Frenriont success. 11 13 4 11 13 13 3 6 13 14 13 11 9 The number outstandingan "6 13

Garfield 8 8 4 2 3 2 5 7 7 8 "3 127 6 6 3 2 approached dancers presentof 7 10 4 5 6 500, Granite 7 4 3 7 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 considerably more than at the function Grant 14 13 9 13 3 5 8 10 6 9 7 8 12 13 11 last year, and besides those from DanHollywoodHyrum 1410 116 12 115 12 126 2 124 113 28 42 44 26 43 125 126 105 attended visitors 11 11 B Idaho 10 14 Falls 3 6 5 13 10 2 6nevirke and district, 14 '5 16 "5.- 6 4 3 5 4 6 5 5 "3 5 Juab 5 5 Pahiatua, North, "5from Palmerston

. 1 5 4 3 1 7 6 3 2 3 2 Kanab 5 "eWoodville, Hastings, and Waipawa. Kolob 6 1 6 1 5 6 4 6 5 3 1 2 2 4 5 6 55

The hall, tastefully decorated with LehiLethbridge 87 5 45 5 25 47 1* 25 45 25 14 25 24 13 45 45 45 greenery, colored lights, lanterns, and Logan 11 11 10 9 4 10 10 5 6 6 2 3 10 11 9 3 6 4 11 11 12 10 10 4 12 12 10 Los 12 Angeles 12 9 7 of, approved universallyballoons, was 1 3 3 2 7 2 3 2 3 3 3 1 2 2 2 3 2 Lyman perusual, as floor, was in thewhile 1 6 2 2 3 6 7 5 6 6 3 5 2 8 Malad 7 "8 i'o 6 9 10 10 3 9 10 10 10 5 7 10 5 2 Maricopa order.fect

"--- 4 4 5 7 6 5 7 5 Millard 7 7 "2 '2 "1 * supper plentiful appetizing and 3 "i"3 3 2 3 2 2 8 2 An Minidoka i 8 3 8 7 5 2 4 7 5 8 8 8 8 ladies'Moapa the credit reflected great on 1 5 3 10 6 5 6 8 14 9 10 4 2 8 9 2 Montpelier 8 delicious after thecommittee, and 6 6 2 5 4 6 6 6 6 4 3 6 4 5 8 8 5 Mount Ogden.... 6 9 9 9 2 9 8 9 9 9 9 2 2 9 Nebo was dancing sampled, beenvariety had

1 1 1 3 2 6 2 5 2 2 4 6 7 5 4 Nevada.—continued......... 5 5 5 5 5 3 5 6 5 6 5 5 5 6 5 Sanpete North

*, 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 4 Sevier North are to be heartily folk The Tahoraiti 3 14 10 9 8 3 7 11 13 13 ib 14 14 14 2 North Weber funcsplendid a such on 1 5 5 2 6 6 6 12 4 4 6 6 6 Ogden "9 "9 9 9 5 2 8 11 9 4 3 9 the 2 5 6 9 7 to Oneida add that detail wouldcongratulatedtion—no 6 2 5 6 6 6 4 6 3 2 6 6 6 5 2 6 2 Oquirrh overbeen patrons had ofenjoyment 9 6 8 9 9 8 7 8 7 8 9 9 8 4 8 2 Palmyra

4 1 1 1 2 2 4 1 4 3 2 4 6 4 4 indeed were the Panguitch manylooked—and 8 7 8 4 4 8 3 6 3 8 3 2 6 Parowan 11 committee.praises on the bestowed 4 11 7 7 3 7 3 7 5ft 5 7 4 7 6 7 Pioneer

Pocatello 10 9 9 8 8 9 5 7 8 3 2 7 6 5 8 7 7 6 7 5 2 8 6 7 7 7 2 6 6 Portneuf 3 3 3 2 6 3 2 3 3 3 2 RiverSparks Branch California Raft "4 1 "3 4 4 5 5 9 6 6 5 6 4 6 6 6 Roosevelt

Mission St. Johns 5 4 2 4 2 4 1 2 2 2 2 3 3 3

i'l 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 9 11 11 11 11 16 10 Joseph n

I. 5 13 11 13 10 13 11 13 a11 13 11 13 13 13 13 9 the social of A. St.Salt Lake opening M.'T'HE * 11 3 6 9 9 7 2 7 8 8 9 9 7 9 2 2 Francisco 10 San in nathe was Branch of Sparks 1 1 2 2 2 2 3 2 2 2 2 Juan San

6 8 7 7 8 6 i 3 5 8 8 7 8 7 7 Sevier speechsongs, radio broadcast,ture of a 1 1 7 3 1 4 4 4 1 7 7 4 5 5 5 Sharon "3 clever with going over stuntses, and 9 "4 2 4 3 2 4 4 2 2 4 3 Shelley 3 a 1 5 6 3 6 6 4 3 6 12 5 7 3 4 5 Snowfiake effect. tenminute Iminterestingand A

4 7 6 7 4 2 8 5 7 7 7 6 1 1 South Davis well received sketch was Era..provement 5 5 7 5—7 7 7 7 3 3 7 4 7 7 South Sanpete

4 4 4 4 5 2 3 2 2 4 14 3 4 Summit the to program. added Two muchand

4 4 2 2 5 3 2 4 3 4 4 14 6 Summit and attended fifty people andhundred 3 6 4 i 5 4 5 5 5 4 4 3 5 6 Taylor 6 "4 "2 1 3 4 4 1 4 4 2 2 4 6 4 Tintic refreshand dancing for theremained 1 8 6 6 2 1 10 8 3 5 4 4 7 6 5 5 Tooele the program. followed whichments 1 4 1 3 4 4 4 4 3....2 4 4 2 2 2 Falls Twin

1 "s 7 6 6 6 6 7 3 4 5 3 7 7 Uintah 9 "2 "3.... 5 5 5 5 5 5 4 4 4 5 5 6 5

9 9 9 9 5 3 9 9 9 9 8 2 9 9 7 4 * 9 7 9 7 9 9 8 7 7 7 7 Proof UnionUtahWasatch 1 1 6 4, 3 3 2... 7 3 2 4 3 4 6 2 Wayne begwas aged three,TT'ATHLEEN, 5

3 8 5 7 3 1 5 7 8 4 7 5 9 2 8 8 7 Weber to school to go'ging to be allowed 4 7 6 6 3 6 8 5 7 5 5 5 1 6 7 7 5 4 Jordan West 8 8 8 4 5 4 2 2 8 7 7 6 3 8 8 Yellowstone 10 8 her brother.with

1.5 1?, 11 20 19 19 19 23 20 14 8 7 12 4 23 23 Mission 23

"Just 7 7 2 2 3 3 7 7 3 17 Mission States see how big I am, Muvver!"CaliforniaEastern

5 7 1 6 2 Mission 1 S 6 6 States 8 7 7 7 clear "I reach exclaimed, from me Northernshe 1 5 Mission.......... 8 States 8 6 7 6 2 7 5 7 Northwestern 1 7

Estelle Thomas. floor."theto Webb

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 179

ation, here is opportunity for a delightful program that will permit exAdult pression in this fine field.

3. February marks the birthday of

Stake and Ward Adult nothis Adultvaluablegroupmaterialwill failduringto gothe overseaWashingtongreatest Americans.and Lincoln,It is twoopportune,of our

Leaders son. therefore, to direct attention to Amerthe following sugmake ican ideals. folWe also themes as the Such

"l T rE arc now well advanced in this gestions for this evening. lowing be appropriate for would

season's work. The unprece- 1. Groups who have studied the tures and discussion: "American Idealslecdented large number of Manuals which drama may use this evening for demas Expressed by Washington and Linhave been purchased and the expresonstrations. Part of the group will coln;""Is America Fulfilling Her Dessions from the field which have reached present a play or playlets, while others tiny Among the Nations?"; "Washthe General Board seem to indicate act as an audience. ington's Sayings;""Humorous Stories

an enthusiastic interest generally, in 2. If you have not had an evening of Lincoln;""America, The Promthe work in the Adult Department devoted to Music and Music Appreciised Land;"etc.

throughout the Church. The Adult

Committee, however, would like the benefit of direct suggestions and comall Stake andment from Ward Adult for Seniors > in planningLeaders the program therefore, year. you, Willnext

April 1—Open. in The Calendar observationsthe light of your own

1 April Honor Night. 1 8—Ward give us experience your reacand nowtion to the present program and your T XTE suggest the following calendar April 25—Stake Honor Night.

recommendations for next year's proas a guide in presenting the This program is tentative but may gram? Please address your letter to: Senior lessons. We do not wish to prove a help in keeping ahead in your

M. I. A. Adult Committee curtail the time too much, but we feel work.

47 East South Temple Street that it is a good thing to complete

Salt Lake City,, Utah the course before the clo'se of the Recreation

Kindly help us by answering the season. You may not be able to cover

following questions: all the material suggested in the mannpHE second period each evening is

1. Are you following this year's ual. More has been suggested for to be devoted to some recreational

program as presented!* each lesson than is perhaps possible activity. The Senior representative

2. Is there a Community Activity to give in an evening, in the thought on the Community Activity CommitCommittee in your M. L A.? that where one reference is not availtee is supposed to find out the wishes

3'. Does this Committee conduct able another may be at hand. However, of the class, to make the connection

the work during the second period in we feel that it is well not to get too with the Community Activity Comthe Adult Department? far behind as there are only a few free mittee and get the help needed from

4. Have you an Adult Department evenings at the end of the Mutual year that committee. In some classes a

Activity Committee in your class? to complete any work not finished at committee has been elected from the

5. Does the Adult Department Acthe close of the calendar. class, with the Community Activity

socialstivity the conduct Committee as member chairman to have charge classes think should have comWe first project the onand work Tuesday of this recreation period. is all This pleted the to work XII Chapter up byevening of each month? right, the but contact still should be first the year. of the calendar The 6. projects project arc or Which kept the with up Activity Community that date from as should be about emphasizing?you Committee.

follows: 7. course appreciation or Which this For period the class stay may

courses chosen been Jan. have your by in Edutogether take and the one of 3—Chapter XII—Trends

cational Methods.group? regular activities music, drama, up—some In addition the to answering Jan. above Latter10—Chapter dancing, public speaking, tellor story

Saint tell Program of XIII—TheEducation. us dayquestions hope you will we ing; or it disband join, may and some

Jan. the part of programwhat you have Evening in one and some activity, in another 17—Social V.—ComAssets, munity 100. page able carrybeen to most successfully, on accordingly as planned by the Ward

Jan. social or unique anyand also about Stake. Or the group 24—Chapter XIV—Leisure Time or may make

in Age. a Machine activityrecreational have conyou entirely an different choice of recreaJan. failducted. to give Please do Valnot tion it is provided 31—Chapter approved the XV—Spiritual by ues of Play. year. for next recommendationsyour is Stake in Board and harmony with

Feb. Art and I. ideals. A. In this 7—Chapter M. latter XVI—Music event

in the World of Leisure. Suggestions for Tuesday outlines of the plan should sent be

Feb. 14—Chapter Evening, February 7th to Leisurethe General Board.

time Program of the XVII—TheLatterday Saints.

Definite progress should have now Feb. Evening 21—Social VI—Training References in projectbeen work. This made in Recreation, 100. page

evening opportunity to have is your material For lesto supplement the Feb. 28—Chapter XVIII—Ideals of committeesreports from who have Marriage. sons for this month Next see "The

assignmentsbeen working and to make March Years,"Nelby Dr. Lowry 7—Chapter XIX—Parent and Hundred activity.for future followup in a If you Child Changing World. son, December of number the Era.

the valuablehave not yet gone over March and material containedand interesting in Family 14—Chapterthe LatterdayXX—HomeSaints. Among Athletic Activities

the Right At "The Manual Thing March XXI—-Religious 21—Chapter

referAll the sugTimes,"you to of we Changes the Twentieth Century. The official Handbook 1931-2 publishedgestive in the Era. program by American the November Sports PublishMarch 28—Chapter XXII—The SpirDiscussion ing Co., demonstrations itual and based 45 Rose City, Message of Mormonism. York St., New

inwill not only beon this Manual purchased at Sporting may be Goods April 4—Social Evening VII—-The

teresting trust that houses but helpful. Family. everywhere for 25c. We

180 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

M MenGleaner Banquets MenGleaners T T TE are now approaching the timeM of year the MenGlean- when M joint of into Angeles one taken were February subject and'T*HE ers are planning banquets. annual

directors to the buildings the watch Gleaners and of program forM theMen of 61 page Manual, page On MtheirMen's a small a "set". In were room makeis in Standing Obligation Social "Our

is given Gleaner a list of Manual, 67 directors, camera equipment men, ana (Ref. Pictures."Betterfor Moving

gatherings. for these visitors. actors We and While suggestionspage 54 M Men Manual; page 62 furniture,

have been very of these social proud her cue, of the actresses waiting for oneGleaner Manual.)

It is selfevident that motion picsat down on the seat attached to the functions in the past and hope that ture producers are desirous of producpicture machine around which the viseach and every stake will participate ing only those plays that will attract itors were standing. One of the lady in this delightful event. Where stake

people and fill their theaters. In the visitors wore a lovely gardenia, which membership of this combined group is

last analysis, then, is it not true that tried very hard to throw its delightful too large to hold the affair conjointly the standard of motion pictures is perfume into the room so filled with because of housing, the stake may be largely determined by theater patrons cigarette smoke and blue haze from divided into sections, thus having two themselves? lighting apparatus. The actress turned or three banquets in a stake. We wish to

A beautiful motion picture, like a to the lady with the gardenia and encourage the Annual Banquet's being beautiful painting or poem, stirs withsaid, "My! You smell fresh and sweet, given by the conjoint group wherever

in us ennobling thoughts and mojust as if you came from the outof- it is possible to do so, thus giving the tivates us to higher ideals and endoors, bringing in the light and sunbenefit of this wholesome social con- "It is the flower,"Arliss play shine."see Georgedeavors. the lady tact to Gleaners. To and Men both M answered, pointing to the gardenia. is akin Played God"If"The Man a banquet seems Who pretentious too

to reading the adventures of Artaban in After talking for a few moments the an affair for some stakes, a delightful the story of "The Other Wise Man."lady asked the actress, "How do you "get together"may be planned with

There is, perhaps, no greater factor like this life, arc you happy?""It is very simple refreshment, decorations,

in the molding of ideals in American terrible! This is not living. It is hard etc., costing little money.

life than the motion picture industry. work, without happiness or compenOur attendance at a production either sation,"she said, with real tears (not

eyes. glistening glycerine in her drops)elevates or lowers A Pantomime Movie our thoughts—and

the the After inhaling of perfume determine our course in thoughtsour life. Wordsworth beautifully expressgardenia once more she returned a A LL M MenGleaner groups desiring

ed this thought when he wrote: smoking cigarette to her mouth, and "suggestions on the Movie Panprepared to go onto the set to take tomime, which is the demonstration

when the stream And this Is part. case her an unusual or for receive February, the same may

overflowed the soul was passedWhich those enter the of a movie selfaddressed stamped who are many by sending away, disappointed? crushed offices and general the Are to envelope of the that it had left realm remainedA consciousness

I. there not more worthy fields in which A., Building, Bishop's Y. L. M. silent shoreDeposited upon the

Of memory, images and precious thoughts our young people may develop their Salt Lake City.

That shall not die, and cannot be detalents as Latterday Saints?

stroyed. article interesting on "Movies"'Ais the Slide,""Hollywood on If, then, M Men and Gleaners will theReferScreen"to "Lightsin the Eraand forShadowsrating onof discriminate in the moving pictures pictures. Reader's Digest (or Jan., 1933.

they attend; if they will fill the theater

when shows of the type of "Smiling

Through"arc given and leave but empty benches when shows are produced having only sex appeal to commend them—then we will be making

a real contribution to our social obligation to encourage better moving pictures.

There is in each one of us an inborn desire to play a part, to act before an audience. To the youth of today

is afforded great opportunity for self expression How many people are there in the audience in a motion picture theatre who have a longing to take the part of the hero or heroine in the play? Youth has great faith

in its own ability to conquer in new fields. The lure of Hollywood, its

color, its outward glitter and romance make an appeal to many of our finest young people. They rarely stop to

realize that only two or three out of a hundred have the opportunity of demonstrating to directors just what they can do. And should one get

"inside"and be permitted to play a part, has he really found success and happiness? A group of people werepermitted to visit a studio in Los ISazareth—Sabbath morn front the road to Mount Tabor

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 181

terworth, and my grandfather, William

Greatwell begun. The work was

the windlass.Gleaner Girls >- grandfatherJ. Butterworth, were digging a well. worked

past have all been worthy, but this Grandfather worked at the bottom of

Gleaner Course of Study one will give me lasting joy."the shaft. The shaft was sixty feet

the deep. stimulate to further order In the for discussionsTV/TANUAL Butterthe visiting friend a in was leaders number Gleaner Project, "A '"* will be Chapof January month in spring bright this day family other evening, worth are having an of wards Prophthe Lamaniteter VIII, Samuel particularly was girls, 1886. in conFebruary, He the with Tuesday, than Savior uponet, IX, Chapter The and placed the bucket seeing in interested of preparation the nection with Gleaner (See Continent.the American the into lowered and the hook Sugbooks. on of Truth""Treasures inclusive.) to 106 98Manual, pp. consid- a for watching shaft. After are exchanged ideas given; are gestions see reference "The supplementalFor remarked: he time, length of tracings, erable sheets, with division and of by the Mormon,"of BookStory the hook. 'I that bucket on etc., put can pictures, of pasting drawings, 203207; Reynolds,Elder George pp. granted was try.'Permission talk Let inspirational also me an are made;221243. large copper the immediately is and him, wards Several given. project the on

and stakes have had a Project social bucket crashed to the bottom of the

Treasures of Truth evening. One stake Gleaner leader shaft. The gentleman was so fright-

T ET the record be made of the men called her ward Gleaner leaders toened he ran home, without even saygood-bye. ing invitation: this social in a with gether pass lest they today, of things and horror. greatgrandfather's "Imagine lost. are and tomorrow ofout memory the Years into of glance Ago"50 searching Kin a "My made He them, upon not perpetuate woodThen at see a limp to body expecting in shaft, dust, time but to O, backward, that crumble turn stone "Backward,or against standing Instead, bottom. the flight. picture in your and chronicled paper,upon grandfather, wall, was looking the up tonight, fifty just years, for us back Take that endurein words forever."—Kirkto used kin unhurt. that the joys back Bring myland.

diligently using over, know, bending While appreciaall expressions sides of On five ago."decades of scenes the to Bring back prompted grandfather a was pick, leadgirls Gleaner andtion from come of the wall against straight stand up Gather "I Will Project thisers for to requested leader Gleaner was Each bucket did. shaft. he The This the privilege the for Truth;"ofTreasures to her kin and dress of a of one wear the brushed its course downward on stories and recording gathering andof proher story of outstanding an bring his missing barely hat, his of brim forlost are or before theyincidents interesting a It genitors. most proved fell against bucket heavy body. The benefits rich the and forgotten; and profitable evening. and reoften Grandfather wall. far the those toblessings who come which evening, 24, January Project the On life his had miraculously marked how Williams, truths. these Helenagarner "Gifts division of the will take up we saved. been appreciagirl, her voices aas Gleaner Gleaner Manual, See Spirit."the of Butterworth."Melinda N. Attested by these in words:tion. 1 Doctrine carefully 5 study Also p. 1. 1932. May

to verses Sec. 8 46, Covenants, and I searching been have "All summer

inclusive. 26 and collecting photographsfor and

Below we give an incident of heedOpen Night the history. Verilyfacts of family

the of Holy Spirit, whisperings ing the after true, the in for calendar are the comingScriptures note by pLEASE Estella Butterworth, the book of is from heart research, that my the Gleaner Manual of * frontmy summer's is attested her Grandmother: by which forefathers and toturning nothmy is night and my open an 31 January

bears are beginning to become real "The Still Small Voice"ing has been scheduled for this evening.

people to me, whereas they were mere In some wards this evening may be names before. The projects of the "Greatgrandfather, William Butused to advantage in catching up on

class discussions. However, the evening is left for you to plan and use

as you wish.

Gleaner Song

A RE you as Gleaner leaders using - the "Gleaner Song,"words and music by Ruth May Fox and Edward

P. Kimball, found in the M. I. A.

song folder, at every available opportunity? We want our Gleaner girls

and leaders to be familiar with and use our song. It will give much pleasure and add to the spirit of class loyalty.

Only One Way D'\0askedyou themeasurecustomermenof upthe right?"tailor.

"I sure do; I couldn't get the tape

around them if they were lying down.

"I think I'll take my feet for a walk,"said the postman, when he was asked how he would spend his vaca- "Come on out and ski."—Vivian Park, Provo Canyon tion. Aubrey J. Parker.

182 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

sacrifice. Many of our girls are privileged to go into the world and mingleJunior Girls > with those not of our faith. Often

they are embarrassed when thrown inOur Spring Festival Believing and Doing to the company of people upon whom they would like to make a favorable npHIS annual event for Junior Girls TX fHAT joy comes to our hearts impression, because when they are gospel, the about they which receive reports be should a lovely when we of how asked affair—someare love they really do and of which are received Discussions so fine that thing it will Manual be rememour

bered always by the girls. It may be by our Junior girls throughout the proud, they are not prepared to repreeither a stake or ward event, but should stakes of Zion and also the missions. sent it properly, or give to others its

provide participation for all the girls. These lesson discussions are based upreal message. Do we accept the gosJunior leaders will find it a good plan on the Ajticles of Faith, a simple pel without putting into it any study,

to begin right now to appoint comdeclaration of the foundation princiwithout testing our devotion to it mittees on arrangements, program, ples upon which our Church stands. or our testimony of it. We feel that

refreshments, etc. Our Spring Festival The aim of these lessons is to help the our Junior Girls are just at the right

is becoming more popular each year. girls understand just what it means to age to make a real study of our Manual

These events can be made very attractbe a Mormon. If we want to love and when the opportunity comes to

ive and delightful at very little cost. the Gospel we must understand it and them to give the gospel message they

We received reports from many stakes give to it something of service and will be well prepared.

last year of the marvelous festivals which brought joy and happiness to our junior girls through their par- >ticipation. Vanguards

all put forth our best efforts and apof the local councils where organized

Story Telling preciate this wonderful opportunity. Vanguard work is being carried forfor annual Churchwide ward. are Plans to welpLANS being madeTS the "Story Telling"activity as archery in vanball, championships representing teams the come the eight

fascinating to the girls of the Junior and retold stories for Vanguards are districts of the Churrh and to provide

Department as it can possibly be made? going forward under the direction of a proper audience for this championWe trust each Junior class is making the Vanguard Committee of the Genship event.

a real this activity of study major on I. eral the of A. Board Y. M. M. finals archery are outplanned Thethree in nights the Tuesday month.

last the Profiting experience year's by ofdoors the last as in year same conis activity the inThis one Junior which finals, in the the vanball championnection the with conference of Junegirls in contest Finals. the only Church

this in are be that ships year to event I. the are A. Plans being M. made isIt the the Junior of hope Committee

at the held indoors the playing of peak to this outstanding an for make eventthat girls will into our Junior enter is third tentative season. the date The the the of young men Church who activity enthusiasm. with joy and

is the the place of February, and week participate as as for well those who are sure leaders received Junior ourWethis Deseret Final announceGymnasium. as attend spectators. deal this great in ofa activity help

definite date will the of be ment made recent Institutes. Activityduring our finals retold story will also The be the executives Scout of each through

held during June Conference with

I Forget''be closely contested. Story telling is"My Story—Lest every indication that the finals will

being this featured year in Vanguard girls are in progressing yourrjfOW troops, field and reports inthe from

I their writing Story—Lest "My dicate interest widespread this in event. constantlyForget"? encourAre you

aging them to collect stories and inVanguards, don't forget the handcidents to include in their various chapmade hair bridle is to be given to a ters? If for any reason the girls have winner next June.

not made much progress—on January

3rd, our Project night, make it a sort of laboratory night and have them all pencils, their chapters. on Havework

etc., forpaper, Give them Brotherhood them all.

a vision of what their books mean to By Kenyan Wade them. Through questions and suggestions find out the things they would Y brothers are the sons of earth

like to know of the past, and the The folks who live next door tothings of the present they would like M me.

to preserve for the future. Junior The folks who dwell in Meeker Street

oversea; Park and In Woodlandleaders compiling your are you "My

'tis Christ's appeal worldwide by inFor leading and the wayStory"—thus extend his hands and you me To

girls?spiring your arc brothers countrymen my My

As our Project develops more and In this andin.all other lands.

more its possibilities unfold. To those

who put their best efforts into it, it My brothers are my kith and kin, becomes of absorbing interest. Many And folks whom I shall never know—

the murderer. beggar and The are chapters writtenremarkable being -5[*

I himself, haply, Christ trow; And Parents From,"on Came "Lands My race. the in strong winning The man

in"Missionaries Family,""My My sod, the cringing weakling What a Pet on The

Friends.""Baptism for Departed By Elder W. Oscar Brooksby, p-or rich or poor, or weak or strong.

Kindred and Friends,"etc. Let us Subisco, Perth, Australia Lo! Are not ail the sons of God?

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 183

You know it is the ideal of the Scout- -)s- ing plan throughoutBoy Scouts To build fine manhood this land. this within President: Scout Boy And every is a Boy?What Salt of Lake Council Council Uncle Salt Lake 1. CouncilSam—The is and year program the 10 call Accepts the hearkens person to your hears andIIJE is who is going to

"* carry on what you, have started. Five thousand in our Scouting units, willing to make

"He is to sit where you are sitting May I present them, each and all? The effort necessary to put this plan

and attend to those things you think 2. Cubs (Salute): across

are so important when you are gone. "Uncle Sam,"we've heard your call Let our members grow, let us never

"You may adopt all the policies And Cubs throughout this nation, one take a loss.

you please, but how they will be carand all. Uncle Sam:

ried out depends on him. Will do their best and stand four square Lad! Onefourth at least of future

"Even, if you make leagues and In all ranks of the Lion, Wolf and voters.

treaties, he will have to manage them. Bear. Honest, fearless, trained like you.

"He is going to sit at your desk And guided by the "Arrow of Light,"We've set this as the nation's goal by in the Senate and occupy your place Through Scouting, will gain the nineteen fortytwo.

on the Supreme Bench. Eagles height. 5. ASADONIA Ring (Salute):

"He will assume control of your And so trained manhood, tried and true cities, states, and nation, We'll become worthy citizens for you. "Uncle Sam"

"He is going to move in and take Uncle Sam (reply to Cubs): For years we older fellows have beneover your prisons, churches, schools, Well said, my noble boys, Well said, fits received

universities, and corporations. My gloom and worry already have fled. From Scouting, and so we have con-

"All your work is going to be 3. Trail Builders (Salute) ceived

judged and praised or condemned by Uncle Sam A plan to help and in some measure him. We, too, our government would aid

"Your reputation and your fortune And all our efforts will be made The unselfish service given us faithare in his hands. To foster manhood straight and tall fully day by day.

"He is the only source of manhood. As the pine by the side of the waterfall As a group we foster manhood, and

"All your work is for him, and the And groups of Blazers, Trekkers and build friendships tried and true.

fate of the nation and of humanity Guides It is our aim to train fine leadership is in his hands. Will spread their energies far and wide. for you,

"So it might be as well to pay him Nor will their efforts ever stop And so "My Country"our services some—Editorialattention."San Francisco Examiner. Until Boytop. Trail Builders are on the Depend unstintinglyon us, We'llwe hearbring;the call;

Uncle Sam (reply to Trail Buildmembers of Asadonia Ring.

"Acceptance of the National ers)With: boys like you growing firm and 6. VANGUARDS:

10Year Program"strong "Uncle Sam"

We'll have fine citizens ere long. The older boy program of the VanDramatization 4. SCOUTS: guard group

"On my honor, I will do my best; Is backing up the ideals of each Boy

Produced at the Second Annual Oh! Uncle Sam! You know the rest; Scout troop;

Scouters Convention, South High We are urging advancement with all

School Auditorium, October 26, 1932. our mind and might.

And will do until each member attains

Uncle Sam (In deep meditation): the Eagles'flight.

"God give us men! A time like this We value our friendships, and respect

demands.<ar>. all womanhood.

Strong minds, great hearts, true faith, We are clean in mind and body and we and ready hands; want it understood

Men whom the lust of office does not We love our'government and will alkill: ways stand

Men whom the spoils of office cannot For its ideals above any other land.

buy; (Uncle Sam nods approval)

possess a will; opinions and whoMen

will 7. Sea Scouts (Salute) have honor; men whoMen who

not lie; Our Maritime activities are helping

Men who can stand before a demagogue - % to make

And damn his treacherous flatteries Strong minds and bodies with hands without winking; trained to take

Tall men, sun crowned, who live Responsibilities and duties of true citiabove the fog zenship fine,

In public duty and in private thinkWe'll back our government and hold ing."on every line.

We'll extend our influence to older "For while the rabble, with their boys within the land.

thumbworn creeds. In years to come test us; we'll prove

Their large professions and their little we have the sand.

deeds. 'w*-."'*-'?**-'-m In any plan of growth, don't by any

Mingle in selfish strife, lo! Freedom means count us out,

weeps, Pah We're with you to the finish, Older

Wrongl rules the land and waiting By Mrs. Chester M. Bundy Boy Program, the genuine Sea

Justice sleeps,"Mt, Trumbull, Ariz. Scout.

184 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

Uncle Sam (After the three older Our bedrock must be truth. move into position in the circle standboy groups have spoken): I thank you. Salt Lake Council, five ing in line next to the Cubs.

boys thousand men, andI service, older accept proffered your enter, salute Scouts Three and when to organized visioned goal All with Salt Lake, groups of boy in places their take they one speaks right fight win! with and are aiding Scouting's program,You line circle in a to the Trail Buildnext give us In men."answer "God my citizens true you'll make. ers.

take, challenge ye now \ 8. Scoutmaster. Scoutmasters

I representing Scouts proffered Asadonia accept Three service—Scouts your Leader, Sea Skipper]Vanguard

(Salute) and Scouters of Salt Lake. Ring, an associated older scout proWe leaders of boys know your needs, gram of the Episcopal Church enter.

Uncle Sam; Salt Lake Council's Challenge They address Uncle Sam and step two

We are mindful of opportunities placed Song (Tune: Anchors Au>ay): paces to the rear. Three Vanguard

in our hand. scouts enter. This is the older Boy

in S. organization the as L. for Scout D. youth men TPlCHTING train enlighten and growing youngTo *- great task. That's our address church. Uncle and They Sam boys.

call Uncle heard we've your Sam to paces in rear step to the join two their lives build intoTo a maximum will aid us plan all, to help Year Ten The line the representatives of Asawith joys. of build America To donia, theWe'll old, gather the year 12 the B. S. A. "less Through

privileged"boy we'll seek. Get more boys and train them longer Three Sea Scouts enter. They adAs to tenure and program listen while We accept your challenge U. S. A. dress Uncle Sam and fall in line with

we speak, the other two older scout groups.

pledge these to support hold boysWe all older three of groups When Setting of Stage for this longer the to stepped scouts paces have two their lives into build ScoutingAnd Dramatization addresses line rear in Uncle and Sam

Ideals stronger. much the into semithen them. move They

Uncle Sam; 1. Before the curtain is drawn the circle in front of the flags joining the

You leaders of Scouts accept now my stage is set with a display of American scouts in line.

thanks. Flags arranged in a half circle. Each

High calibered manhood within your flag is held by a uniformed scout, leavThe following leaders enter: Cubfine ranks. ing the most part of the stage free for master, Trail Builder Advisor, Scoutmaster, Sea Leader and Vanguard actors. the [Troop Committee, 9. Chairmen these of Scout Skipper. comOne

:District Chairman, 2. Vice Chairman] officers addresses The curtain is drawn displaying missioned Sam, Uncle

"Uncle Sam"this colorful array of American Flags. They take their places in the semiThe supporting men of Scouting wish 3. Uncle Sam comes on the stage circle in front of the flags.

to a extend hand his reflective in a and makes mood a enters Committee Troop Then assist the sucto year 10 programTo first the president of speechThe district a a chairman, chairman and this land. ceed within enters addresses Council and Uncle representative the Board. of Executive scoutmastersWe'll back our and up his speech presents Following he Sam. salute face Uncle and and They Sam his influence extend. to in turn, representatives Uncle Sam, their speaks. of one number They conditionsWe'll trying and remove in the of each of organized programs line semicircle in in the into move activities blend. we'll the Scout Council doing work Boy flags. the front of is its until at each unit workingAnd associated or Scouting. with work

speaks the president council of The best, to enter Three advance Cubs and reply. final a and Uncle makes Sam find we'llYou'll us job, never the on the President. Council Uncle and Sam

rest. last this shirk nor following Immediately salute; the speaks. of one They Cubs

support, pledge a Each song you of our speech Uncle good Sam'sWe three take a position then Cubs The to the Scouter stage leader the the center takes man, and of flags line in to the the front of of

We expect to work, we'll carry on—extreme left of the line. leads the audience in "The Challenge

use us where you can. Song."This song was printed by a

Builders, Trail representing Three piece of linen large a sign painter on 10. Council: President of a parallel in organization to Cubs audience. the in of held view the and up tell J. Carlson C. canUncle Sam, you

S. L. salute enters. D. Church, They followed immediately song This was West, E. James and a representative and speaks they and Star Banner."Spangled by "The the will challenge accept do andWe

in Scouters the audience All had our best.

the as they provided came to scouts, and one thou- -—-M beenFour thousand

sand scouters fine conference meeting with small AmeriAccept the 10 year program and are can Flags which were folded and backing up the line. placed in the outside coat pocket over

We are fully organized and we'll move the heart. They were folded in such

the work along, a way that the corner of the blue was

We will undertake this important task on the outside. When they reached

with courage true and strong. the point in the "Star Spangled BanWe'll carry on the program till the ner,""O long may it wave,"all

youth of our Council feels Scouters in the audience drew the

The weightier significance of ScoutAmerican Flags from their pockets and ing's glorious ideals. waved them overhead. The flags in

stage the the rear in semicircle of the 11. Sam: Uncle

air lifted in the the scouts were by display great of loyalty! It fillsThis

my heart with joy. at this same time.

The future of this land is safe, with The benediction was pronounced such training for the boy. as the closing number on the program.

Build ye up defense lines, "Getting Their Goat"Cards are carried by each group and

Build character for youth. (Photographed by Kenneth A, are placed on the easel—each card in

Foundations must be solid. Lauritzen) turn as the group comes on stage.

...

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 185

equal lines facing each other. One

player from each team stands in frontBeeHive Girls of her group and Is a post. Girls are

numbered. two or three cards. Then have the Procedure: On signal of the Beegiids stand in a circle. Each g'irl Keeper girl No. 1 from each side ties

holds her card before her and tells the rope around the arm of her post;

what she stands for. Then have them each girl in turn tics her rope on an

tell in rotation without pause. Then arm, leg, etc., of post. When all have

have them read them all together. By finished the BeeKeeper inspects the

this time the girls are acquainted with knots and the side finishing first with the Spirit of the Hive and are ready the most knots tied correctly wins the for the drill. The BeeKeepcr takes game.

the cards and holds them with the In connection with Foundation Cell.:s:::ewSK:SL'W5!eM backsits numbertowardsin a thebig figuregirls, oneachthehavingback. No.have 7 everyfor Builders,BeeHivewe girlshouldlearnlike theto

BeeHive Girls The girl that can tell what is on her pressure points for Arterial bleeding.

Oasis Ward, Deseret Stake own card before someone else does, These are not given in the BeeKeepers'gets 1 points. If someone else names Book, but may be found on pages 45

it she gets 5 points. See which girl and 47 of the Nymphs'Handbook

Calendar can get the most points. BeeKeeper and also in the first aid lessons in the

the cards before the group Bulletin sent out which was and Summer Nymphs flash all repeat card conhave what each Stakes. BeeKeepers to all of the The Tuesday, January 3—Guide VII—should learn these pressure points

ServicePublic City (page and in Hive themselves before teaching 15 thoroughly Book)Nymphs the to the teaching them girls. Before VIII Tuesday, January 10—Guide all, at teach bandaging them girls any Building.Cell and Making Home

Tuesday, January 17-—Guide IX to tie a square knot correctly. If you

Cell Making and Home Building. do not know how to tie a square knot, Tuesday, January 24—Guide X—Cell get a Scoutmaster to teach you. Play

Making and Home Building. the above games until every BeeHive

January Tuesday, XVI—31—Guide Spirit girl can tie the knot correctly. Spirit of the Hive and TheThe

of the Home. The General BeeHive Committee

would like to know if the Summer

BUILDERS Bulletin has been and is being used.

is valuable coninformation Much Girls BeeHive Aurora of Ward Tuesday, January bulletin X—Safetained in the 3—Guide will be which Camping Go. Healthguard (Food)

helpful BeeKeepers. to sugnew We January Tuesday, XI 10—Guide gest a these that be check of made Exercise) (Rest HealthSafeguard and tains. also in can put them You two

if bulletins being they are not and Tuesday, January XII 17—Guide see get groups can group and which

. with Mothers) used Night to be Evening should they (An handedOpen new

the points. drill this most Through XIII Tuesday, January is interesting BeeKeepers. report An 24—Guide girls the learn unconsciously the Spirit Cell Accidents (Foundation No.Common activities given of herewith summer

the of6). Stake. the Sevier of North

Tuesday, January XIV Clark, Keeper LaVern 31—Guide—BeeHive,Triangular (Foundation Cdl Bandages

Helps for Guides XIII Gatherers in in BeeHive work summer npHE and XIV successful this has been Stake most Tuesday, January 3—Guide X—Diet. all in General the Board wards. The Tuesday, January XI—A Square Knot Game 10—Guide

materially, outline the helped has Meals. andFamily

Tuesday, January 17—Guide XII—PQUIPMENT: One small rope or girls have gained much good through

Open Night (To be planned by Becheavy cord about 3 feet long for it.

Keepcrs and Girls girl. "ReFa-See"ward Aurora The

Tuesday, January a hike took Canyon, themselves)24—Guide XIII eachFormation: up Maple Divide group into two Swarm Truth.Love

Tuesday, January XIV 31—Guide Cell (Foundation No. of WisdomWord

7)- 'Last month we skipped Guides No.

VII, yill, IX, X, for the Nymphs, so the girls could prepare for Christmas.

We now go back to these guides for

January.

Spirit of the Hive Drill IIJAVE placards with the "Spirit of the Hive"on, numbering them like this: 1—Have Faith, 2—Seek

Knowledge, etc. Give the girls a card

each. According to the number that

is on the card each girl takes her place in A Line Formation accordingly. Ifyou have small groups give each one BeeHive Swarm Day—Hyrum Stake

186 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

early for a threeleaving one morning stir—not even the

day camp. were planned Menus ahead Hyrum Stake thereslightestwas ofnotmovement.a

their at Stake, Day, Swarm Hycum all so that the preparationsand made breathing was Lemuel Soon the presented Quest", pageant "Theaffair delightoff smoothly and went exhaustion emotional from especially occasion for the written by heavilyfully. trailblazing, Hiking, taking

pictures and studying nature occupied a Stake tBoard member. A number of and drunken stupor, and Mira

the days, and the evenings were spent merit badges and certificates were knew he would be dead to the their girls finished had for hours. world whoin games and songs around the campawarded

prizes the for given work, and were noiselessly from the She slippedfire.

exhibits scrapbooks. best Handcraft to pick tent, stooped up Ishmael's trip financed proceeds with was The a delightful and the program made they had where and arrows, afbow in they presented a had dramafrom fair forone not soon be which will

the spring. gotten. fallen when he had thrown his

arms about her in an involuntary -<gg < gesture of protection, snatched a

darkness. The Valley of PeaceContinuedpage from138 bagand ofdisappearedwater fromintoits pegthe on a tree,

She Father, help me!""Oh,

it for sake the "I bear peace,"of Fear clutching heart she said her supplication the breathed humbly, isshe replied. low, distinctly, enough "There ra- "I but would find fervently, boy.""Help me my startingtrouble, without anyther stay."my she direction in the She wentthing."I tell tent "Into the you! disappear, heard weaving I had them

"Oh! So you're the one who can handle him without help from herself back and forth through the

don't want trouble. You're the you. Too often have I listened low brush, and calling softly,

the keepsone and to heedyour often who soft words, too Ishmael.""Ishmael,

Ishmael, with ed yourpeace—you always heads eyes. the plea in your brown interminable After agony of antogether talking planning and It has soft and weak made me—like time she heard him. "Mother!

and plotting! You're the one who a woman. that you? Mother!"She found himIs

makes the boy weak and soft—"But I'll show you tonight! in a dry shallow stream bed, lying

always remembering, always findwho's master here, whose word is on hard pebbly stones. His hands

ing fault!"law, whose actions will go unquesand feet were bound with strong

tioned!"And he struck her a cruel cord. Already they were hot and

IHE sneering tones of blow, with force enough to send swollen, so thoroughly had Lemuel in brokeLemuel so tent. her reeling them upon into the job. the done

fiercely, so thatsuddenly, Ishmael outcry, IshShe but no made a for her about groped Mira startled his surmother,and like a and mael, jaguar, sprang young flint, stone, a jagged found and prised, tightly, together clung each at his father rage. in uncontrollable knots. cruel the cut she with which

it asseeking protect the were, to the could that high, he know How limbs tortured his caressed Sheother. so preocbeen had They unfettered of could emotions youth until the soothingly, gently, blood

cupied that they had not heard not successfully cope with the garbegan to flow naturally, and the footsteps, seen norLemuel's strength his nered of abate. with bathed pain them maturity—justiapproach. as fiable be, the cause and might her the water with from Shebag—and if it's peace "Well, want, you to fuel that he the only added tears. fingers her through She ran

into get betterMira, you'd the flames his of tortured mother's his kissed tenderly, his hair and

Itent. Ishmael speak with would soul? lips. She cheek and and browalone."For she heard Lemuel had soothe to and words strike murmured

him down with a terrible oath comfort him, and lifted his head strike down Ishmael, her unfailing gently to the pillow of her lap.

only knew one who "Ishmael,"murmured Mira heart. INDEX TO comfort—thethe depths of her troubled gently, "I have set you come to ADVERTISERS being She heard dragged him cords to cut the alone free—not muttering Lemuel with Page away, Company hands, feet your and that bound

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. oaths, and cruel, vindictive threats but to sever too the heartstrings

Cover forBack hadn't that—"He I heart to yours. that bind—threats my

tie Glass to Bennett knots, Co.-—.189 Paint no, Nephi gotten how to your you want go now—to Unlvefsity 189 Brigham that hadn't been Young long gone enough See. happiness. peace valley of and

Descrct Co. forgotten he Book they'd had arrows, I've and your brought how—and bow Inside Cover Front too. burst them, hold Nephi might will for hunger with not you them Press Deseret 190 News ever could. but mere He'd no boy with for meat, land teems the and

First Security Corporation lie it the find to in out was what fruit wild honey."and Inside Back Cover days, burning sun without It mother, without you? "But J. 191 Grant, Heber K Co. it food, without would is pressed Ishmael impossible,"and Ghirardclli Co. water—yesfor 191 vindicate take to days days and his closely his cheek to mother's 191 Hotel Square Temple that blow."own. Fuel 187 Co. Knight

L. D. S. Business College 188 "No, I will stay, you are almost

Quish School of Beauty CulWi-HEN Lemuel re- a man now; but there are Seth and

ture 188 turned to the tent and threw himJoel, and Dan, Isma and little Joy

I care for—-but my These advertisers are dependable. self down beside her, Mira could—them will

Doing business with them will be have killed him, so intense were heart, Ishmael, my heart goes with mutually advantageous. the fires of hatred scourging the you."

heart of outraged motherhood. But More words and tears and pray-

s

The Improvement Era for January 1933 187 ers—and Ishmael was gone, gone and he hastily scanned the valley

into the darkness, to the north. in every direction.

I* V V "Calm your fears, Joseph, a spy doesn't come exhausted and ill, unIT WILL PAY

IT had been a warm less he is lost. There is no imday, but the lengthening shadows mediate danger. We will take him

of the trees, and the occasional to the village, to Nephi; he will YOU breeze, with a mere suggestion of know and understand."

refreshing coolness, proclaimed it "We will set guards about,"on the wane. And Joseph was Nephi told them, after he had heard To Burn

glad, for he had been digging all their story. "Perhaps the Lamanday. But the ore was in the bags ites are nearer than we anticipate."

the to be taken down now, ready Knight to the vilprecipitous mountainside passed, lage in the green and fertile valley WiEEKS but Spring perhaps it was not so much time below.

"If I am any judge of ore,"it that lessened their anxiety, as the was his companion speaking, "this fact that the young stranger, who Canyon is the best we have found yet."had been so critically ill, began

"Then it is, if you think so, to show signs of improvement. At Coal Jacob, for Nephi told me only first they could understand no yesterday that you were getting words—just incoherent mutterto be very expert in the judging ings. He had been placed in a bed

and handling of ore."on a vinecovered porch at the east

"With Nephi to teach, one end of the house, and early one would be dull indeed, who couldn't morning, as Nephi went to the learn,"was the humble rejoinder. bedside of the young man, his eyes

The two brothers wended their were moving over the strange scene, way down the mountainside, each and the brightness of the fever had with a heavy bag of ore, talking burned out.

signs or as congenially being congenially, weak to show was too He raLong Burning Clean surprise, of silent. but was his mind

As they left the heavy timber tional. Nephi placed his cool hands and Hot

line, and came out into the open soothingly on the brow of the sick valley, they set their bags down, lad, and he somehow seemed and wiped the perspiration from stronger, and could speak. Or their brows. Joseph's fingers mov- "The valley,"he murmured low

ing idly through the rich loamy but distinctly. "I've found the

soil, found a rock which he unvalley,"and his face lighted up Royal, consciously lifted to throw into and he smiled faintly.

for a valBut nearby. the looking sparkling stream "Were you Coal ley?"gently. then his inquired in midair, Nephi hand paused

slowly dropped. "Yes,"was the rejoinder. "A

fields "What is that, Jacob?"he said, valley of peace—a valley for

his eyes narrowing that their conof grain and gardens and flowers."

centrating powers might be intensiHe looked at Nephi, inquiringly, Royal C<L '"fied. and for the first time he seemed to //at 'n C/eon -,

"I see nothing. What does it sense that a stranger was near. His

look like to you?"Jacob returned. face saddened as he finished. "But

else it first."has "I someone found out—someUtah's Purest Coal

closed his eyes for a brief or one momoves so He can'tsomething—itquite make

slowly, so peculiarly. Something ment then murmured, "It can't be These Coals Maintain,

is the matter."There was a note that I have found them."Clean, Cheery Warm Homes

of anxiety as well as curiosity in "You came alone,"suggested at Lowest Cost.

Joseph's tones, as he started to his Nephi. "Was there no one with

feet. Jacob followed him, and as you as you hunted for your valASK YOUR GOOD FRIEND

they drew nearer, the object stagley?"THE COAL DEALER

gered, with an effort pushed on, "No one,"he murmured and remembered. then stumbled and sank helplessly then

to the ground. "Mother would have loved to Knight Fuel Co

"Heaven help us, Jacob, it is a come."His face saddened at the

man, or a boy,"and stooping over thought of her, and he closed his Royal Coal Co.

him added, "and a stranger."eyes.

"But Joseph, that is not pos- "Your mother is?"Nephi'General Offices 8th Floor

sible. A stranger, and in this land. questioning tone rallied him once Newhonse Bldg.

That cannot be."more, and he said lovingly, Salt Lake City, Utah

"My eyes have never before be- "Mira."LEONARD E. ADAMS,

held him."Joseph's face and voice "The wife of Lemuel,"finished General Sales Agent

were filled with gathering fear. Nephi, and the boy nodded.

"Jacob, a spy! The Lamanites!""Go to sleep, my son. and when

188 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

you wake up you will feel better,""I thought the same, too. I

and Nephi kneeled at the bedside noticed you didn't come to see me nnouncement ventlyof Lemuel'sfor his sonrecovery.and prayed ferplaymate—aas the othersfriend."did, to welcome a

As Ishmael grew stronger he re- "Well, when we found out it counted to Nephi the story of his was you, Kim said he'd wager they—so I MidWinter Term wanderings."It must have been months since couldn'tthought I'dkeepshowme him."away

"At my expense,"interrupted Begins January 3 haveI left nomywaypeople,"of knowing,he mused.except"I Ishmael. that the moon grew full and waned

Secretarial.. many times. The valleys were so "Kim said you didn't even miss beautiful, but mother was right, I me—didn't inquire once"—and

Business could find no peace and happiness the red lips pouted, but the blue in them alone. And there was eyes smiled.

Administration always the vague unrest, which "A lot Kim knows about it,"urged me on and on. I must have the youth replied vigorously.

ambitious For young and men find had hope glanced you smiled, that I would and He down young to plan women, who it think, for each morning the ring I would and was then he saw get during ahead the 1933,

MidWinter Term offers a 'Perhaps it will be today,'but I on her finger. She followed his

splendid opportunity to get knew how great were the chances glance and smiled too.

started. Other young people, against me.""Yes, it is part of the stone you

for want to be ready the who the Ishmael, for pray, "Did you Nephi morning gave me the we left.

opportunities that the return quesit to guide Lord you?"year. Nephi mounted He for me last will conditions of normal

bring, will be starting at the tioned kindly. said it was the most perfect stone

time. its kind Courses offered same he had ever "I am afraid not,"he said canof seen—and

to stenographic, leading secdidly. collecthe choicest of your it was

clerretarial, accounting and acknowledge, must Ishmael."howtion, "We

ical positions. Shortest posever, that guide you,"Nephi sort of peace offering,"he He did "A sible consistent with time

thoroughness. Low cost. Free continued. "He watches over all ventured.

Employment Assistance from His children, and helps those who "I know,"and the girl smiled organized Placement Departput themselves in a condition to wistfully, remembering.

ment. receive his blessings. He was very "It was audacious of me, wasn't

good to you."it, telling a boy of your size that Call today for complete information, or return this ad there was plenty of water in the

with your name written below. Ishmael's creek to wash your dirty hands?"When

story was known among the peo- "I thought so at the time, espeple, and he was well enough, they cially since I got them dirty buildfor ing a house you."see childhood him—his both laughed together and They LD.S. Business playmates,came to he could some of whom

not recognize, they had grown so Zona continued. "And as I reit, defiantly you strode member men and women, College

finish Isabel helped and away likemuch—younghimself.

SALT LAKE CITY As he grew stronger, they walkhers."

WASATCH 1812 ed with him, and took him to their "And didn't wash my dirty homes, and as places and people hands cither."

wouldn't, if it were you "No became familiar, he would go about Name a girl the suggestion."made who himself. by

I since a bit "Well, have grown as he was strolling One evening Address it, then, take for and word my leisurely the grassbordered down path to the home of Kim, his childZona, since I have seen you again, hood chum, he saw a young girl I think I'm ready to go to work BE INDEPENDENT turn the corner of a fence nearby. to build another house—under

No Other Vocation So Profitable! He had not seen her before, and as your direction."

ENROLL NOW is the way of youth he began to "And wouldn't you walk out

For a Complete Course at the feel selfconscious and bothered. on the job?"she questioned banterHe glanced at her, shyly, of course, ingly.

Quish School of Beauty Culture what boy would not, for she was "I surely would not, for I have

The Best in the West comely of figure, and walked with no more jewels for peace offerings."

804-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. graceful dignity. As he lifted his And they walked down the grass

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH eyes to hers in passing, he saw they bordered path together, their eyes

For Further Information were larkspur blue, under straight brighter than the glowing sunset.

Call Catalog and lashes, that black and they smiled -c.o——<

oi 7560 Wasatch playfulness. familiar him in up at Fill in This DAVID THOREAU stopped short, and pjENRY he "Zona!"o -.., -.,. -.. i>5 Coupon

should said: "What we think eagerly. forth his put hand

"Why Ishmael, it is wonderful of the shepherd's life if his flocks to see you again. I thought I always wandered to higher pastures

never should."than his thoughts."

The Improvement Era for December, 1932 189

The Business of Being a StarContinuedpage from145 process of wearing down a rival rushed to his post. "Come on, ble!"roared through his brain. He

line. He was being saved for gang! Keep it rolling!"forgot all else in his horror sat the

that moment when victory could Halfback Kenny hit the massthought, and he tore into the U be assured by his pigskin toting. ed U team, wavered, and fell back. line, blinded to everything but the

He fretted at the delay. Not an inch was gained. It was disgrace of fumbling on the twoThere was new energy in the fourth down and four yards to go.

elevens that appeared for the second Desperately, Quarterback Lewis half. Feet that had dragged now eyed the grimlipped fullback.

answered anew to the thrill of the REDECORATE YOUR contest. The U was still confiwhite Wendell confidence growingdent, was and

carefully placed his feet, as he HOME NOW hearts of the Whitneyin the skilled Scarlet work for for the waited Black and—and makeplayers. decorators Experienced;get set. lips eleven to bore labor. His

White, tingling from a fresh that inscrutable twist that often and home owners prefer burst of cheering, took his position appears on athletes'lips. He stood BENNETT'Seagerly. He was on edge to make with his body bent slightly forthe first dash toward victory. Even ward, hands on knees, and saw no

his doubting mind had.been conone but the center and quartervinced by the triumphant note in back. This was to be his attempt

Coach Ellis'final words. to snatch victory. After all, the

"You have them beaten!"Coach honor of crossing the U goal line

Ellis had cried, pounding the bench was left to him. It was a star's

with knotted fists. "Everyone business.

the it but show U! Let'sknows Eagerly, the he edged toward Xnmvami charged Whitney them!"And quarterback; Whitney he saw

upon the gridiron determined to Lewis'lips begin to move as his show them. signal was voiced. He saw Center

White's eyes were riveted on the King snap the ball perfectly into brown oval that rested on the Lewis'waiting hands, and then the GLOSS INTERIOR ground beneath the center's outdoughty quarterback passed it FINISH

Quarterback stretched his fingers. quickly into waiting own all infor moderii paint—the barking outLewis was the while terior surfaces. instruchands, of whole crowd charming, In 12

tions. White listened for his numcheering, victorymad rooters was modish colors.

ber in the string of almost incodrowning out every other sound. At Your Dealer's or

herent numerals, but it failed to For the briefest of intervals, the come. Lewis, himself, assumed the brown pigskin seemed to squirm in BENNETT GLASS & PAINT

responsibility of making first White's clutching hands. It slipCO.

down, and his wiry body slipped ped, and he caught it, just as it was 6165 West First South through the hands,of two overabout to wriggle free. "A fumanxious tacklers, only to stop

abruptly when the U quarterback smacked him. Amid the wild

cheers of the Whitney supporters, "Spiritual Foundations of Reconstruction"

White just caught the words:

"First down and ten to go!"Will be the central

Quarterback Lewis turned to theme for discussion at glance at the three waiting backthe field men as he hobbled to his position. A wry expression twisted

his lips and White knew that the Twelfth Annual game general of the Scarlet and Leadership Black was hurt. Concealing the

pain that racked his body, Lewis Week plunged into the next play at White's side. The two shot at the

U line and Lewis went down beJanuary 23 to neath the two pairs of shoulders of two tacklers. White sidestep27, 1933

ped and took advantage of the narrow hole left by the falling U Outstanding Speakers—Excellent Entertainments

players. He wriggled and squirmRich Departmental Programs

ed his way into a solid mass of U Everybody Welcome flesh stopped. before he was UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG seven!""Second bellowed and Provo, Utah

the Whitney quarterback, as he 190 The Improvement Era for January, 1933

foot line. His body struck the nation in his teammate's eyes, but all those hundreds of people. He

waiting.shoulder of a U tackier. A likewise no word of consolation. imagined the fullback would feel

dull, numbing pain shot through He grasped the star's right arm and ashamed if he realized what he was his thighs; his feet lagged. He felt helped him up. doing, and he clung to the hand

a crushing weight on his neck, and "Are you hurt?"he asked. that had lately fumbled away victhen he crashed to the ground with "No,"answered White. tory.

what seemed like a million feet "Where's the ball?"On the edge of the campus, back

pawing and tearing at his jersey. No one deigned to assume the of the chemistry building, the

One thing he was certain of: he responsibility of answering. They urchin found a secluded spot. A

had the ball now, even though he shuffled away as soon as they were low, protecting hedge bordered the had made the most glaring fumble certain that he was not hurt. Even rear of the campus, and the youngof his career. the crowd was strangely silent. ster urged his soulweary companHe had failed! he thought bitWhite could not help noticing; it ion to rest. White hung his head,

terly. was like waking from some beaubut refused to sit down. Every

Halfback Parrish bent over him tiful dream. He turned to search muscle in his body seemed to

as the last U man scrambled from the field for the referee. quiver violently.

his body. There was no condem- "I don't see how I dropped that

A--T the far side of the ball!"vain, tohecheckhalfsobbed,the tears.trying,"I hadin

gridiron, he saw the officials placit! I had it in my hands, and it

line. goal the ball just inside the ing slipped! twoon the fumble A

it quarter third over and was The laugh! They'll foot line! Some

was U's ball on its own twofoot star!"

line. The only consolation Whitney's star fullback could gain from

the strangely silent crowd and the JrllS eyes shone withTREASURES exhausted Scarlet and Black eleven, tears as he stared down at the was the thought there was still a seriousfaced urchin. Something

chance to redeem himself. The happened to him when he saw the

troubled, wideeyed features. Here OF fourth quarter was yet to be played. was someone who was trying to

The fourth quarter opened as understand. Although the urchin

could be expected. The U kicked could not explain the rivulets of TRUTH and the ball soared over the heads tears, or rather he could not feel

of the tired players to the very the reason for them, he caught at

Covers that will last center of the gridiron. And here the halfsobbed words. It gave

it remained much of the time. On him his first opportunity to bring

a lifetime! several instances, White plowed comfort to the hovering fullback.

through the opposing team for "Doncha worry, Whitey!"he

long gains, but it was useless. The said, gripping the long fingers.

Whitney eleven had lost heart, and "It's all right! Doncha worry!

what spirit remained, was luke- A feller can't win the game alone. Gleaners! warm. Their star had failed, and B'lieve me, I know you're a star.

Keep your record in a beauif White could not go through, I wish you could come down to the who could? The quarter ended in lot back of the brick yards and

tifully embossed super- a scoreless tie. coach us a little. I play fullback

finished cover built for Wearily, White picked up his on the Cougars. If I could only

permanency. First class sweater and slipped through the buck the line like you, the All

sombereyed, quiet crowd. Not a Stars wouldn't have a chance!"

material only goes into voice was lifted to comfort him. Whitney's crestfallen star studthese covers. Two styles He left the field, much as a stranger ied the glowing face of the urchin.

land. in a to his fingers where foreign came They warmth eyed him, A

there clutched. comforting, the nothing to choose from. but was grimy hand He blinknothing heartwarming, about ed savagely at the blur of tears.

$1.25 their glances. "An'that pass the quarter made

THE andVerybeganslowlyto slidethedowntearsWendellwelled wasnoticingpunk!"thatcontinuedthe fullback'sthe youth,eyes

White's grim cheeks. His arms were clearing. "Nobody could

physical legs quivered from have snagged it without losing and eseret News he exhaustion; time!"could some and nervous

voice. his control not "Don't you think so?"queried An urchin 'Press interested. in his blinded the tears eyes White, saw

29 Richards Street and clutched his shaking hand to "Of course not!"stated the

Was. 550 Salt Lake City guide him away from the crowd. urchin emphatically.

There was some sort of underWhitney's star eyed the unsmil-—-Miff'rsiM-**,A standingeyes, and inyetthehe urchin'swas worriedupturnedbeTheing faceverywithseriousnessgrowingof amusement.the youngcause a fullgrown man cried before ster's words marked them as false.

The Improvement Era for January, 1933 191

All at once, he saw through theCougar fullback's strategy. This Chocolate is

little said, rascal!"he "You Balanced for Health aitdl Flavor! the urchin'sgrasping arm. "Don't

you tell another lie like that. Hike Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate is richer

for home now, before you're late than cocoa... but not as rich as "bar"chocfor supper. I'll drop around Satolate. That's why teachers and mothers of *

urday to give the Cougars a few pointers."the West prefer it for children and for their

But though he realized that own tables. It's balanced (or nutrition values

what the urchin had told him, in... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing

all seriousness, was untrue, his but chocolate can supply.

body had ceased its quivering and FREE Write for of his Sixteen"the depths "Sweet passremorse had

Packet Recipe No. 2,

ed. the Slowly, took off bathe D.GhiratdelliCo.,

tered helmet and let the sharp air dan914 NorthFnciCD,PointCdii.St.,

dry the perspiration. Holding the

dirtcovered headgear, he watched the youngster start across the campus and halt. One tiny fingerwas raised and pointed at a figure GHIRARDELLI'S

on the opposite side of the lowhedge. CHOCOLATE

Say **Cearar-delly* "Now I guess you'll feel better, m

Whitey!"he grinned. "There she J=8

IS.

We'ENDELL WHITE When REAL MISFORTUNE turned to meet Ruby Chansler as she vaulted the low barrier. The Hits You

expression on his face was one of indecision. He wondered what her It Is Good To Have

verdict waited. was to be. He

wearing the scarlet and INSURANCE The girl, black sweater buttoned closely Insurance that really insures is the only kind we write.

about her, approached the silent fullback with an understanding look upon her face. She grasped UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

?"he finally said, whenthe"Well—jerseyed arm and led him away. HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General AgenU Salt Lake City, Utah

they were nearing Whitney Field.

"I heard, Wendell,"she replied quietly. "I saw you slipping away

like an unworthy warrior, and I Salt Lake Gity*s Newest JPopular Hotel followed. Please forgive me, but

I thought you would go off somewhere and take cold without yourheavy sweater."HO TEL

Ruby Chansler paused. The

gymnasium was just ahead. Its TEMPLEwindows were already dark. The

others had gone. "Wendell,"she said, sinking SQUARE

her clenched hands deep in the 200 Rooms each with sweater pockets,"you want my Tile Bath opinion, don't you? I didn't

think you would be rude enough Rates to make me state it. It's hard, but $1.50 to $4.00

for Radio Connections a star!Wendell—Ithe dusk helps some. I think Every Room evenWithout you,think—you'reit wouldn't

have been a tie! Now, are you Opposite Great Mormon Temple

satisfied?"

ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager And, strange to say, Whitney's

star was satisfied.

c--nLce t&.S C

AH, -CHRISTMAS! thing to know that You are in Your heaven, but I need

help.'I'm afraid I said it in caps. And when, shortly after,

IT todoesknowdetractthatmateriallythere arefromso manythe joyousnessmillions ofin thewant.seasonI thatthe little issue of yourso attractivelymagazine placedreachedandme,set withup,

sewed last week on some charity children's clothes, which and with nice introductory adjectives, to say nothing of the takes away some of the guilt I feel at being so happy and check that followed, I felt as if I could see the hand of the comfortable at least."That note comes from one, a mother, Lord outstretched to steady me."

who had just been telling of the joy she had experienced at children Claus. her Santa to introducing own That i i i

I first brother's keeper?"sometime may my question "Am

be answered for us all. FROM IDAHO

THIS is the first year that our home has ever been without

FROM GRANGER, WYOMING the Improvement Era, only last year our subscription

HAVE just become a new subscriber for the Improvement readingwas for materiala part ofwe thehaveyeareveronly.had."I missFromit a morelady thanwho saysany

I Era. I will say that it is a wonderful magazine, so satisthe conditions this year make a renewal impossible.

fying in every way."—From Mrs. Claude Smith.

FROM SALT LAKE CITY FROM WINNEMUCCA, NEVADA July, 1931, I went to. visit some friends. Brother and

DID not receive my October Era. I do sincerely hope that INSister J. W. Moore, of Bynum, Montana. With my

I I am not too late to receive it, because I love to read them friends we joined the Temple Caravan of the Northwestern and want to keep the magazines.... I am taking this opporStates Mission, and made the trip to the Cardston Temple.

tunity to tell you how much I enjoy reading the Era. Most Eighteen cars left Bynum on the morning of July 14, 1931,

of all I like Greatness in Men; I enjoy fiction and let's people coming from Butte, Anaconda, Cascade, Helena,

talk it over. In the November number I like Even Hidden Deer Lodge, Great Falls, and Bynum. At Cardston we

Treasures very much. Most always I start from the front found many Saints from other parts of the Mission. President

of the magazine and read it straight through. I enjoy all of W. R. Sloan was there with his wife, his seventyfive year

it. Mr. Parry said he wished there was no writing on the old mother, and his sister. We also met President Joseph

cover because some of them are pretty—Ffon?enoughMrs. toCartbe Parry.framed."WeE. Christensenspent two daysand inBrotherthe Temple;Bennett,two ofof theSalt mostLakeenjoyedCity.

i i i dentsand inspiredhappeneddayson thatof mytrip,life.the memoryMany faithof whichpromotingwill remaininciFROM with me always....

is not father is wonderful! Era Improvement My THE "So I indeed enjoyed your article, "Pilgrims of the Light,"will not things, prejudiced in some and is member a by Frank Steele, in the October Era."—From Ada Phillips.

read the literature nor discuss it with the missionaries, but he does enjoy the Era and reads it from cover to cover, telling me it is fine. Our best wishes are extended for the continued

success and popularity of the Era."—From a Young Member. FROM OVERTON, NEVADA 1WAS born in Salt Lake City in the year 1852, hence

i i i know something of the birth of all the Church publicathe contributor and I remember out first came when FROM OROVILLE, CAUFORNIA tions.

it, I well to was was a subscriber the Era remember when first I just thrilled audience."the (That for have I subscribed published; taken program October it, and think

is finest every year since. the December meetit number conjoint in the outlined for use To me the the program OURwas ings in which all of the material was taken from the Imnumber published—the Bells of Jerusalem, with the Mount

provement Era.) "They are hungry for something different of Olives, The Christ by Hoffman, The Holy Family by

from speeches and talks.... Our November conjoint meeting Ludwig Krauss, The Cities of Nauvoo and Salt Lake City,

was a wonderful meeting and had the largest attendance I have in fact the wealth of pictures in it besides the reading matter seen out for a long time. Thanks to the program outlined makes it outstanding in my estimation.

in the Era. May I also congratulate you on the splendid Though I have taken the Era from its beginning I think

magazine for November. We certainly find it a, great help this is the first time I have ever written to the Editor how

in our M. I. A. work."—From Mrs. Pearl Robertson. Manymuch ofI havethe childrenappreciatedare marriedhaving andits haveinfluencehomesin andmyfamilieshome.

of their own; I feel safe in saying that no publication of

the church has had a greater influence for good in my family

FROM than the Era."—Joseph I. Earl.

acceptance a successful regards writer an if would you YOUwhichknowis onlyhow an incident, but I wonder be at all interested to know of the reaction of one humble THE HANDWRITING CONTEST aspirer to an acceptance which stands out as a big event.

contest January handwriting closes on for women detailing particular the brand of trials "Without files which THEFirst. specimens some excellent in our for years, portion have the past three We have bad enough been my

from a financial point of view, but worse otherwise, suffice which we shall show to our readers in a coming number of it to say that I had completely forgotten that I hiad ever the Improvement Era. Watch for our announcement of

hoped to write, and as completely forgotten that I had a another photograph contest. A number of pictures submanuscript in your possession. One day I sent out a desperate mitted in our recent "Why Not Shoot"contest are being

S. O. S., saying in effect: 'Heavenly Father, it is a wonderful run in this issue.

WiSave 5r a Sunny F ay the First Security "Wayw

J[ ike a seaworthy ship. First Security Corporation banks are built and equipped to weather a storm. The skill and experience of their officers protect the

human fortunes entrusted to their care at all times. Customers of these banks

know by experience that their interests are safeguarded above all other considerations always.

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett, Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Hailey,

Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyoming; Provo, Bingham, Magna, and Richmond, Utah.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO.

Salt Lake City Ogden Logan FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. FIRST SAVINGS BANK ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Salt Lake City Ogden Idaho Falls, Idaho

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

If It's a Beneficial Policy It's fhe Besf Insurance You Can Buy

BENEHCUl UFE INSURANCE CQ DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

J.HEBER PRESIDENT GRANT. i /-ammz-k. r,Pf'ES.DENTA. IVINS. W, 1ST VICE RALPHS PRESIDENT r-pri'- "4; S,*/i'iiOHLSON, -,r,|SECRETARYw.Yi'=l F.rJOS.in=! CMiTuSMITH GENERAL—E. T. MANAGER B. F. GRANTDAVID O. MCKAY