..."* -

#..,,, r:::.; >?&?; #,; W3*

.1- Jfe soot, no smoke, no ashes*automatic control*no

No fussing with dirt and ashes—no need to hurry

home to feed the fire—just flip a switch and there

you have it—heat without delay and at any desired

temperature. Gas heat is ideal. Your present heating

plant can be converted to ijif

gas in only a few hours.

el NTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO P A N Y.

EXPLORING m THE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"Dy means of an electrically driven heat pump, three to four times as much heat may be obtained for the same electrical energy as compared to direct electric heating. The heat pump

is a mechanical device to take heat absorbed from one substance at one temperature and give it to another at a higher temperature. It is essentially

a refrigeration plant. If the earth instead of the air is used as a source of

heat during cool seasons, and heat returned to it during warm seasons, much greater efficiency can be obtained.

Ctar sapphires and star rubies, among the finest of natural stones, can now be made synthetically. Developed

to meet industrial demands the process is based on feeding finelydivided alumina into a small oxyhydrogen burner. Present cost is reported from

$10 to $30 a carat. Satisfy those ravenous4

HPhe reclining Chac Mool human afterschool appetites the tasty figures of the Maya New Empire, found at Chichen Itza, in some cases way.. serve the youngsters a

still retain inset pieces of polished bone to represent the whites of the eyes, the plate of rich, flaky...

fingernails, and the toenails.

'T'he state of Delaware has the lowest mean elevation in the United States with only 60 feet above sea level. Colorado is the highest with

6,800 feet, followed by Wyoming and

Utah. >A new type of threedimensional pictures has been developed by

D. F. Winnek called Trivision. In

the ridges minute new system, on a samJS*;: i'ii. along with tall, cold f:i|i>: picturetransparent surface are applied

to the film. The ridges then serve as

thousands of tiny recording surfaces: glasses of milk... or a cheese

accepting many pictures when the film is exposed. The final print is then spread There's a simple, wholesorrie

actually a large number of tiny picsnack that'!! tide 'em over 'tiff dinner.

tures, and requires no special seeing devices to get the illusion of depth. All ages love

'A A new fertilizer which releases its Saltines!

nitrogen to the soil over a long period of time has been developed by the U. S. Department of Agriculture

at Beltsville, Maryland. Called uraform, the ureaformaldehyde fertilizer,

can be adjusted to various rates for different crops. It does not seem to be

affected by moisture and can be used with other fertilizers. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE

MARCH 1948 129 JftfimprouementEra

: THE VOIC EflU

;ljf:il! 4:'si'?.!;; y in

\-r::'::i[..:---W:- '- rfnfnfr VOLUME 51

lis NUMBER 3 iS,i

::::.''. KV\ Iifiiw

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover The Importance of Preparing George Albert Smith 139 The Assembly Hall on Temple

Square has long been an object of affection among Latterday Saints.

Church Features Built in Gothic style, it adds interest

Refined Sugar—Its Use and Misuse Harold Lee Snow 140 toclosesthe worldfamousthe Tabernaclesquareand thethat SaltenForward in Finland Lake Temple. This unusual photoHistory of A People and A Church Albert L* Zobell, Jr. 144 graph of one of the turretlike projections, ivy the Boston surrounded by Maris 145 A. Henry Bright Future Looks The

its stones, the that clings to gray Membership May and Reconciliations: Evidences CXXI—How and of Orlando, is was work Jeano Celestial Won?. in the Kingdom Be and Exaltation use to cover Charles adapted by

161 Widtsoe A* John E. Jacobsen.

The Church Moves On 132 Melchizedek Priesthood.466

The Relief Society Building Fund.. 136 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 167

Presiding Bishopric's Page an Answer, Tru- A Prayer—and 168 General Conference Notice 170 151 Genealogy Madsen.., man

ial Features THEence118thof theannualChurchgeneralwill conveneconferthe Sunday, Monday, Tabernacle 143 in Josephson C, of Peace..Marba Gandhi, Man A 6. April 4, 5, and Tuesday, and B. Hinckley 148 Gordon Kingdom? or God's Gold

It's Up to You—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 152

What About Us? Alyce Welch 153

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 157 Primary Conference Notice

Exploring the Universe, Franklin On the Bookrack 159 of the conference annual 42nd Read You Homing: 129 Do When S. Jr 162 THE the of Alice Association M. Read.... Your Bible? Primary Times, Middle The Harris, Problem—These

B. Josephine Corner, Cook's 131 will held Temple be on Church Durham G. Homer

... and so the Movies! Marba C. Nichols 162 Square Friday and Saturday, April

Josephson 134 Your Page and Ours 192 2 and 3.

Not Naturally Religious (A Reprint) 160 Editors

Gedfge Albert Smith John A. Widtsoe

Stories, Poetry Managing Editor

L. Evans Richard Hager 147 Mark Spring Dress

Editor Managing 154 Assistant Washburn of Zarahemla J. N. Mulek Green Doyle L.

Frontispiece: The March Galoot, Editor Associate To A Descendant 13/ S. Dustin Edna Josephson Marba C..,,150 neers - Cheryn...Waynef Mormon Pio138 Poetry Page

Manager -K General George Q. Morris

Executive and Editorial Offices:

Associate Manager City 1, Utah Salt Lake Main Street, 50 North Lucy G. Cannon of the Young Inc., a Corporation Funds, by Mutual Copyright 1948

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Business Manager of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a John D. Giles

in advance; 20c year, a subscriptions, $2.50 in foreign advance; year,

Editorial Associates single copy.

J. Moffitt Elizabeth secondclass as City, Utah, Salt Office, Lake at the Post Entered

Jr. L. Zobell, Albert for provided of postage rate for mailing at special Acceptance matter.

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. National Advertising Representatives

S. Townsend, Edward manuscripts, unsolicited is for not responsible Era The Improvement Los Angeles Francisco and San contributions. welcomes but

Bolle, and Dougan for delivery and return. sufficient postage by must be accompanied All manuscripts York and Chicago New of Address: Change

include please ordering a change, of address. for change required When notice days'Fifteen the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations unless cannot be made changes Address the magazine. issue of slip a recent fromaddress

address as well as the new one is included.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE MIDDLE PROBLEM

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM sale of securities to private American

Head of Political Science Department and investors. The $18,864,000,000 (roughly

Director of the Institute of Government, nineteen billions) of foreign securities

University of Utah issued in the United States between

July 1, 1914, and December 31, 1933, for method means—a

available fundsr\N Monday, January 12, 1948, Harry largelymaking by Americanprivate

S. Truman, President of the abroad, just as the Marshall Plan is

United States, asked Congress to apsuch a method—has virtually been

propriate $39,668,993,983 for the fiscal ignored as a major experience in the year beginning July 1, 1948, and ending present crisis. In short, private enterJune 30, 1949—in round figures, forty prise as the major factor in internabillion dollars. If interest on the national finance does not exist. The

tional debt and veteran care be United States Government, not the counted, sixtysix percent of the proNational City Bank; the government

posed annual outlay represents defense, of France, not French private enterwar, and its aftermath. Less than three prise, constitute the parties in internapercent will go for general government, tional finance today. Why? Why have

less than one percent for education men turned to the State?

and nonagricultural research. The

President's European recovery pro- {ivil government has been one of gram proposes an outlay of $6,800,000. civilization's greatest achieveFor the new fiscal year ments. Today, civil

this is about fifteen pergovernment not only cent of the total. Many bears responsibility for NEW, CLEANER,

sums have been and will civil order, but for man's for discussed Eurobe wellbeing. economic BRIGHTER COLORS It recovery.pean institutions is the Private conquantity of the money tinue to operate in many

that gets most of the countries but they operpublic attention. This is ate under the superand tyJoodwosih I

impertant. But there are vision and direction of

other vital elements in the European government.

recovery program, namely the methods whereby the money will be spent and "T\oes the Marshall Plan forecast, the specific objects for which it will be then, the victory of socialism on a used. The objects are pretty well in universal scale? Not necessarily. The

mind: food, seeds, fertilizer, agriculgenius of the American system thus

tural machinery, loans for industrial far, even when government has regupurposes, and other capital outlays. lated and permeated the economic

This column would like, however, to sphere, is that (at its best) it has done look at the middle problem, the so in such a way as to support and methods by which dollars are to be strengthen private institutions. There

used to promote European recovery. is no substitute for individual enterprise, whether in a socialist or a

/Vne aboutof theERP,mostthe MarshallinterestingPlan,thingsor temcapitalistthus farsystem.has wiselyThe Americanprotected systhe

whatever it is called, is that it symindividual by permitting a large middle At last!

bolizes the decline of economic in- "cushion"of private institutions to Colors that are rainbowfresh, raindividualism and the further rise of state operate between the individual man bow - bright! Colors that gleam in

enterprise. No one has commented on and the State. But the Marshall Plan, harmony not only with each other,

the fact that the Marshall Plan conas conceived, established, and adminbut also with modern decorative templates government financing; everyistered, affirms the primacy of the State materials

it. Prewarone has assumed affairs. methods in human The question of At last I A finish that's the next thing internationalof finance and investment, then, resolves "method,"itself into

to in just one coat'Satin itself! And private loans included andwhich the question state as to whether the

... Easybrushing.. selfleveling littlecredits, athave received or no department, a "R.F.C."new or some

tention in either political party. No other federal agency administers the quick -drying'

one has suggested that European reprogram. This question has its intriCompare the colors... compare

covery be promoted by groups of cate aspects. But the point for historithe finish and you'll insist upon

European businessmen forming syndical perspective is simply this: the Pabco Satin Enamel See your Pabco

cates, negotiating ordinary commercial debate over how the plan should be addealer now (he's listed m the Classiloans with American banks. No one ministered has resolved solely on the fied Section of your

has suggested that private American issue, which agency of government phonebook) banks form a consortium which Euroshould do the job. Like the congrespean governments might approach for sional debate on the Social Security THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES, INC.

credit, as has been frequently done in Act of 1935, the issue is not whether the past. No one has suggested that the government or private companies SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA

European recovery be financed by the ( Concluded on page 1 56

MARCH 1948 131 J, Ike LAiw&eh

Southern States Mission mission field, Albert, Jr., in the Eastern

Albert Choules, president of the States, and Thomas, in the British

Teton Stake, has been appointed Mission, and two other children.

by the First Presidency as president of the Southern States Mission. He Primary Hospital

succeeds President Heber Meeks in "Ors. Augusta Winters Grant,

this capacity. President Meeks, who widow of President Heber J.

has served in this mission field since the Grant, recently wrote a check to the fall of 1943, is expected to return to Primary Association for one hundred his home in Salt Lake City. dollars and received a paperweight

souvenir containing a silver dollar and a facsimile signature of the late president's. Her money, and all other

money thus collected, will go toward -soys the HOME ECONOMICS EDITOR the construction of a sorely needed of a great chain of building for the Primary children's hosmetropolitan newspapers pital.

*FROM A LETTER On his eightysecond birthday, in

IN OUR FILES 1938, President Grant was given by business associates, a chest containing silver dollars. With the THE IMPROVED one thousand

presentation came the suggestion that he use the money for his favorite charity. That charity was the Primary

HEBER MEEKS ALBERT CHOULES hospital.

Persons desiring to contribute one dollars hospital building to the as hundred has served President Choules receive sou of these one fund and for years of TUNA president twentyseven the stake which lies in Idaho and venir dollars may do so by contacting

Larger "bitesize"pieces... ready Wyoming, each state having a county, members of the general board of the

for instant use in ail your tuna reciTeton. He has served as second vice Primary Association.

pes, without the bother of flaking. chairman of the Eastern Idaho region

Simply open the can and use! of the Church welfare plan for several President Grant Monument

Finer texture... richer, more delyears. A seventeen foot six inch silvergray

icate flavor! For, dark meat is never He served a mission in the British granite monument has been placed

having Isles beginning in 1903, the grave of President the on Heber J. used in this quality brand... only

his native to presiopportunity to return of the late Grant members by the tender light meat is packed. England, from where his convert pardent's family. President Grant, who

Be sure to get this Improved ents had emigrated when he was six died May 14, 1945, is buried at the

Grated style... exclusive with this years old. top of an abrupt rise in the Salt Lake

famous brand. President Choules, with headquarCity cemetery. It overlooks the valley

VAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC., ters in Atlanta, Georgia, will preside that he loved so well and the city

Terminal Island, California over one of the largest administrative that he helped to grow from the mere units of the Church. The last available village of his childhood to the city

There's no substitute for statistics, those of November, 1947, that now almost fills the valley.

tuna, when you use indicate that there are 17,085 members Nearby, in the same cemetery, are of the Church within the confines of the graves of John Taylor, Wilford the mission, which in 1947 gave the Woodruff, and Joseph F. Smith, forChurch two new stakes—one in Florida mer presidents of the Church. Presiand one in South Carolina. dent Lorenzo Snow is buried at BrigIK*&L 0US oneTheof Southernthe most Statesbitter Mission,antiMormononce years.ham City,PresidentUtah, Brighamhis homeYoungfor manywas

First his in private cemetery on since long has been buried of endeavor JMDEWS** fields in Salt graves Lake Avenue City. The It comprises vineyard. a fruitful now

the Church's missionary activities in of the Prophet and the Patriarch, the states of Alabama, Florida, GeorJoseph and Hyrum Smith, are at gia, Mississippi, and South Carolina. Nauvoo, Illinois.

Mrs. Choules will accompany him,

and will preside over the women's Pacific Isles Greetings activities of the mission. Their two President David O. McKay has reyoungest children, Dorothy and Lou corded a special greeting to the

Jean, will go with their parents. The Saints of the Pacific Islands, at the

Choules have two sons now in the suggestion of Elder Matthew Cowley 132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Council o the Twelve and president of the Pacific Mission of the

Church, while in Samoa. who heard a KSL program Opening a New Field of

President McKay used this opportunity to greet the Saints of the missions that he visited in 1921. At that

time he was touring the missions of all orthe then world,the and visited HAY QUALITY except missions of the Churchganized one, the South African Mission, which has never been visited by a General

Authority of the Church.—A PowerDriven

This Month at B.Y.U.

'"Ho provide a temporary solution to the need for a social center at TRACTOR RAKE

Brigham Yong University and several wards in the East Provo Stake, the

Church has authorized the remodeling of a former vocational instruction:,;,:::;:;:..

building on the BYU campus to begin immediately.

Originally constructed as a training center for the National Youth Administration, the building was acquired by the Church university shortly before the war, and was used for a number of years as an auxiliary campus dormitory. In, the newly authorized

remodeling, the structure will receive a new facing of brick and cast stone so that it will harmonize with other campus buildings, and the interior will be remodeled to provide a large ballroom as well as classrooms, kitchen, and offices.

Two other major building projects are also due for early construction at

Brigham Young University. The

Board of Trustees has approved plans for both a modern physical science Correct raking is often underestimated as a key to hay building and a huge field house and athletic plant. Detailed drawings for quality. Windrows should be loose and fluffy with the

the science building are still in the leaves inside. The job should be done fast when moisprocess of preparation, but constructure content is right in order to save all the leaves which

tion on the field house is expected to be well under way this spring. contain 75 percent of the feed value.

A real tractor rake has been developed by AllisDecember Fast Day \T7ith all but sixtysix wards reportChalmers to fulfill these precise requirements.

ing, it was found that nearly $210,000 had been collected by the The new AllisChalmers Side Delivery Rake and TedChurch from its membership on the der is exclusively power takeoff driven. Its selective

December fast day—a day which had reel speed transmission enables you to exactly match reel

been set apart for the relief of the hungry in Europe. The money will speed and ground speed to the weight and condition of

be distributed to the European people, the crop. Controlled steering assures straight windrows.

regardless of religion, through an agency not connected with the Church. This sturdy tractor rake, equipped with antifriction

Fast days and fast meetings are of bearings throughout, introduces speed and raking perlong-standing in the Church. Fast

meetings were held in the Kirtland formance such as you've never seen before. It opens a

Temple. Wilford Woodruff, then a DOUBLE new field of hay quality.

member of the Council of the Twelve, WINDROW directed the Saints in Great Britain *..WHY?

to observe June 27, 1845, the first anASK YOUR niversary of the martyrdom of the ALUSProphet, as a day of fasting and CHALMERS rfllLISCHfllMERSprayer. DEALER \1 TRACTOR DIVISION - MILWAUKEE 1,U.S. A.J

(Concluded on page 158) MARCH 1948 133

...and so the Movies!

ordinary, the horrible movie is Prelude to a on being true to life chosen, and the public is deluded

of the to the of fun going to life and therefore a good one. -GOODNIGHT"Part into thinking that the play is true

is to others see movies what do and how we ourselves might be- ()ne play that illustrates particuhave if we were placed in similar larly well both the particular situations. However, sometimes a and the general is The Yearling.

person would have to be a super- (This appeared first in book form, duper creature to do many of the and if any one missed reading it as things that are depicted on the silver a novel, he should find it most enscreen. So probably one of the joyable. ) Jody is true to children

questions that needs emphasis in of his own age, and yet he is also evaluating a picture is how well the true to himself. All children love

movies deal with problems and peranimals, but not all of them love sons in a natural way that makes one to the point of obsession with them seem like real, living people. which Jody loved his yearling, Flag.

The official name of this quality is Jody also differed from other boys verisimilitude. Yes, I'll agree that to a great extent in his extreme

the word is a mouthful, but when sensitiveness to the region in which you break it down, it really isn't so he lived. The father of Jody is also

bad as it sounds. The same root typical of all fathers; yet he had

word appears in similar. And cerhis peculiarities, too. Thus this beAs you open the door of your tainly a good movie should have at comes a good movie for its trueness

room at the Hotel Utah, after a busy least some points of contact with to life, along with other unusually is. life it actually as qualities, fine loyas the such good or festive evening, there's real satanalyze this trueness to it what To that alty in the family demonisfaction in seeing that your bed life means, let us consider first a strates.

has been turned down, a soft night concrete example or two. A boy Verisimilitude does not preclude

sixteen years of age has some charthe fanciful if the fantasy mainlamp cheerfully glowing. acteristics that are common to the tains the characteristics of reality.

( exIt's a Wonderful Life is a movie This is our way of saying to you rest of the sixteenyear-old boys cuse me, I should say, young men! in which the fanciful and the real

"a good night to you, and pleasant Every young woman of twenty has are well treated to indicate how a dreams."It is but one of many qualities that are common to those wellwritten and produced movie

of other of her young women age. can the unusual. handle thing One

fiftyyear-old extra services which we try to proEvery or man woman that in take issue with we should vide for your complete enjoyment likewise has characteristics that are this play is the drinking scene, which the same as those of every other essential to not plot. the was But

of your stay at the Hotel Utah. fiftyyear-old But woman. man or as the play good, a whole and was

Yes, today as always that isn't the end of the meaning of Latterday Saints should learn to this trueness to life or verisimilitude discriminate by discarding the bad

You're Welcome—for what sixteenyear-old girl and holding the greater amount of

doesn't also, in addition to the qualgood.

At the ities that are the same as those of Some plays that seem to be true to other sixteenyear-olds, have some life throughout fail when they come

Utah! characteristics that set her apart to the end—and thus do not prefrom every other sixteenyear-old serve their integrity of action. Often

girl in the entire world? Any father this is because many moviegoers

or mother or sister or brother knows insist on a happy ending. An exjust how different these girls of the ample comes to mind of a novel that

same age can be. was produced first as Tolstoi had

The true scenario writer is to written it. During the first three

recognize both these factors in days of the run, the logical ending creating characters for the movies. towards which the entire action had H o1 e 1

He must endeavor to make the pointed was shown, and the audicharacter true to the specific as well ence reacted against it. Because of Utah as to the species. this the play was shown during the

Too often movies are true to last four days of the engagement

GUY TOOMBES, Manaeinif Director nothing—neither the particular nor with a happy ending which was

the general. The bizarre, the extra- {Concluded on page 164)

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA E WSmmmHm

EVERYTHING FOR

FAMILY AND HOME Spring is in the air again... and no n

matter what it takes to satisfy your "brood,"you'll find it at ZCMI-- in widest variety and highest quality - - from hairpins to hardware, from dainty hankies to lovely spring and silmmer wear.

C ff O O SEA P A YM E N T P LA N

SUIT A B L TO YOUR N E EOS:

30 Day Charge Account Purchase Certificates Budget Plan Lay away

-::'.:':";'! WW **.K v

>V;

*<.-.'"*W

: "'Hi'.?'/.- I l/.1..'iPHH,

,--;;.

:;::.:::":: '';

T LAKE CITY, VTA H w through their regular affiliated..';- Jhe retlef Socletu wards, branches, or stakes. The

Relief Society general presidency stresses the importance of accurate BUILDING FUND recordkeeping. The money should

Service without question of return be sent to the general board on the has always been the motto of twentieth of the following months:

the Relief Society since its esApril, June, and August, 1948. A

tablishment on March 17, 1842, by final report, on a date yet to be the Prophet Joseph Smith. The selected, will be scheduled so that

multiplicity of the work of this ormembers may be advised of the reganization and the breadth of its sults of the fundraising reports at charities can hardly be conceived. the Relief Society conference in

During World War I the wheat 1948.

gathered by the Relief Society sisRecognition will be given to the ters was invaluable; an earthquake wards and stakes and branches for

in Japan called forth food and bedtheir response to this great cause.

ding from the Relief Society, which greatly aided the distressed.

Now the Relief Society is eager to have its own home. This has been a dream of long duration, for in Opportunity

1896, Zina D. H. Young, then genLyle Bow en and his Martin Saxoeral president of the Relief Society,

phone... discussed the proposal for a building, Knocks Again

which was voted unanimously. At

Be Out in Front thatization.time Theit wasplanimpossiblewas revivedof realin forValuableintellectualopportunitiesand profesOctober 1945 the sisters when of sional advancement are with a the Relief in Society their annual

opened to Latterday Saint general conference voted that plans be perfected for the erection of a youth with each new quarRelief Society building. ter at Brigham Young University. New classes will MARTIN The present quarters of the Relief

The new postwar ComSociety are entirely inadequate for be available for beginning the great work that is being done. students and returning mismittee Model MARTIN SaxoIn the templeburial clothes departsionaries and exservice-

phone is the finest instrument ment, in the Relief Society Magamen will find special courof its kind on the market. zine,ment, intherethe issocialurgentserviceneed fordepartad- reachingses adaptedtheirto educationalaid them in

ditional for room the immeasurable "Tex"Beneke, one of the is occurring. growth that When the goals.

most sensational sax men of building is available, an auditorium Those entering for the first all time, and featured tenor will afford opportunity for meetings, time should send entrance demonstrations, and other muchapplications to the Admiswith Glenn Miller, will tell needed activities. A room will also sions Committee at least

you that his Committee Modbe set apart to house significant one month prior to the quarrelics of the Relief Society. ter in which they plan to

el MARTIN "is a real pleas- A call has gone from the Relief register.

ure to play."Society general presidency for all

wards and branches to contribute to SPRING QUARTER this building period for fund. The Call in our store and

March 22 to May 31 try a MARTIN for yourcontributions began October 1947 self or write for free trial and will continue until the Relief offer. Society general conference in OctoSUMMER QUARTER

ber 1 948. Each ward or branch and June 7 to August 23

each stake have been assigned quotas, which are available upon

DMWT Of MLKtLIABILITY writingCommittee,Relief28 Bishop'sSociety Building,Building Brigham Young

Salt Lake City 1, Utah. 4547 aunesSOUTH | /Tf, / fW Donations may be made by nonUniversity Relief Society members also—and iAU LAKi Ult t, UlAH additional gifts may be Provo, Utah made by

those who have already contributed 136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Photo by Eva Luoma

the MARCH galoot

ffith elbows bent he puffs and strains

On the handle of the forked spring rains.

As he loosens the covers from each slumbering plant,

The silver thongs of his rainfork slant.

He shakes each tree until it wakes from its sleep,

As he stacks tumbleweeds into a raveled heap.

Ahead of him runs the frightened snow;

The seeds stretch their legs in their covers below.

Crocuses, nightcapped, raise stiff necks from earth's pillow

As the Maltese kittens scurry up each willow.

is en route! ThisCries—wakelusty, gusty,up, getlouddressed,galootspring

vSu Cana O. IDuitin

MARCH 1948 137 HILLS By Florence Hartman Townsend Hills lift a graceful line Against the sky, And often change their scarves

To rest your eye.

hills ON FIRST SEEINGTHE SEA PRAYER FOR THOSE WHO TEACH AGodnaturalmade retreat;the

lifted soul; up, O By Christie Lund Coles By Alice Money Bailey Be

feet. higher, laggard Climb

who have loved hills and mountains This precious time is ours, oh, Lord, to

I t cutting build Like jagged teeth into the fragile sky, Thy truth in word and deed. Let us be IN THAT SOLEMN HOUR

Making a dark, protective wall, shutting skilled

Out distance with their granite breasts held In thy true masonry, thy love employ By Clem Graham high; To lift a house of faith and work and joy

been mere desolate sand, on which had For all thy children, babes and age and loved their have supremacy and knownWho I dark youth. dusk, night, the deep and suddenThe early

Where the moon climbs golden to an Let us make walls with granite stones oi Shadows leaned. With faith, though, I was

ornate throne truth, more than spawn

Preceded by slim halos of soft light; Mortared with the sealing power of prayer, Of evershifting sand, rising above stark

Cut with the utmost knowledge, and with Despair in that solemn hour preceding dawn.

I, for the first time, see the sky and sea care,

Become as one; see earth and heaven meet And ivied by festooning vines of song;

all future from storms haven A infinity ofIn a timeless merging of wrong, MEMORIES shafts day, of pillored with tower by A all its gold day lays at evening'sWhen feet. A placelight,of peace, a temple in the night. By Jeannette H. Demars

breathless,Here, sight to the I pay homage I am old, I shall remember many When imperial sea, the night. unbrokenOf the things:

SONG FOR LITTLE SOUNDS The silver sweep of wings against the sky,

By Elaine V. Emans The drowsy chirp of birds beneath the

eaves, INTANGIBLE LOOM are such HpHESE lullaby. of a mother's music fragile The

stand to J- Sounds By Dott J. Sartori breakers crashing on a windswept Wild

quiet too Between shore, returns, stranger, a dark from Burmese one hand On play, of at hands busyness baby TheHE sun, breath'ofltfe And leaves, the of moonlight hush magic on The

Striving jungle hold: the that to span years room screen may A stillness winter's of a white day; deep The

fire brief crackling, spring's of romance, burgeonOur A thrill feet, cool, childish to of sand wet The

Friendly old begun land; o'er splash the of crimson autumn The

ticking Clock's this attic cottage. In bars down dust Here where is the that ageless miracle dawn The

wall, mantel or lean, From gift friends priceless understand. of who The

softest And, I and resistant spider pause before threads I store All things of these love and away musical, Most his portrait deftly to the bind room.Which in chest to of remain; memories Deep my sound happy The If time's passing in lone a thus house weds I still all shall else dim, grows But when That comes goes and walls, the pictures very toThe loom some know there's kitten a Where Intangible, his knit heart to mine may lilacs rain. in of the ecstasy The toes. curledin With splice the loop absenceparted of spaceAnd

With filaments as magical and fine

As these pale silver strands of tenuous lace. QUOTH TOMMY "WHERE SLEEP THE DEAD..."

TO A NEWCOMER By B. A. Dickson By James H. Konkle

I like fly just a bird,"could V. Emans By Elaine IF had scattered their fire in the raorn- 'T'hey five old, years Tommy, Quoth can name, hen you from memory, * ing "I'd to places heard I have go

trees which Yoked greenAndwshrubs first in early spring, when When antheiranguishedoxen, andcryswung into line I'dAretakegrandesta trip toto kingdombehold. come,

you Of a mother's heart And climb the golden stair;

Have learned the thrasher's nook, and where Rent the air. The land they say the rainbow's from,

sees, one And castles in the air.

rainbow The clearest when the rain is "Oh, please give me time through For one last goodbye to my baby "I'd fly right into wonderland.

At suppertime, and when you prophesy, Before I must leave her alone I'd search for Shangrila 's, will its our maple gold"; "Tomorrow wear to where, I understand, north marker And

it, found, laying from Look—herstone—you haveWhen how AIn brokenthe carewheel,of our andGod.a old Is dear Santa Claus.

high A sob. The storks are living up somewhere

A mound of firewood will outwit the cold, The creaking wagons Us kids are made, I'm told.

And have discovered, when Orion gains A funeral march. Yes, but more: If I had wings I'd fly up there,"

A certain window, say in February, A march of Life from a prison plan Said Tommy, five years old.

What time it is, and distant valley trains That would fetter the worshiping soul of

At dawn are friendly, when you feel a very man. Fervent conviction that the air is good,—

Then shall this place indeed be in your They had made the grave by the moonlight; NEW FRAME

blood. Hallowed spot on the trackless plain

Where a spotless babe By Jean Rasey

Wrapped in trust was laid Until its spirit should claim it again. Spring is giving

SKYSCAPE A polished gleam Like footprints of some mighty angel To the mirrored banks

By Christine Hoop Guiding a cherished band Of our little stream.

Sleep the dead of a mighty people "KTorning"1 Hangs knitsthem theoutfleecyin theclouds;sun. OnWherethe waythe beautyto a promisedof peacelandand truth and A Andframeseasonoldthat was dull

The Wind, a roguish, striding boy, God Is being glossed

Unravels them, one by one. Is attested anew in the desert sod. With marigold.

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE IMPORTANCE OF PREPARING

5w [-resident Ljeorae Gilbert Smith

this body of people, daughters become established in their faith loday this handful of God's children, has the reand know as their parents know, that this sponsibility of proclaiming the truth to the is our Father's work.

many millions who have not heard the mesIf I, as a father in Israel, were to fail to sage of the restored gospel. This is a great impress my children with the importance of

labor. this work and later they were called to go

Our Heavenly Father in his wisdom has into the world to teach, it seems to me that located us in a great, free, libertyloving na- I would regret that I had not done my full tion. He has led -people from all portions of part if I had neglected properly to instruct

the earth, one here and another there, who them.

hearts, in their pricked have inhave been are qualified for the work men A dozen truth. the received vestigated and field than a hunmission in the worth more

Missionaries have traveled throughout the dred who are ignorant of the truth and who earth, and the truths of the gospel of our Lord themselves have to be taught before they are have been proclaimed in a convincing manner capable of explaining it to others.

to many hundreds of thousands of our Father's children. This is our Father's work and is not to be

But the adversary has used his strongest trifled with. It is of the utmost importance to

efforts to prevent the spread of the truths of us. Let us so order our lives that when the

the gospel. And it is your duty and mine, by call comes we may answer, "Father, here am

tact and brotherly love and faith, to over- I,"and if need be to go to the ends of the come tbe prejudice that the adversary has earth. Let us have our houses in order, and

sown in the hearts of our Father's children, endeavor to establish faith in our children, to break down the false impressions that that they may be willing to respond to every exist in some cases even in the minds of good call, and feel in the depths of their souls to men and good women, and to teach them say, "I am ready to go wherever my Heaventhe gospel of our Lord, that it is the power of ly Father desires me to go."

God unto salvation unto all those who believe And may peace and comfort and satisfacand obey it. tion be upon all the hosts of Israel because of

I am impressed with the importance of pretheir faith and devotion, and may we repent paring for the work. It is not sufficient mereof our sins that the Lord may minister to us

ly that a boy signify his desire, because of in a greater measure in the future than in his confidence in his parents, to do what they the past; that our sons and daughters, growwould have him do, go into the world and ing up under our influence, may become a

preach the gospel; it is not sufficient that he valiant army prepared, by reason of their

answer the calls that our Heavenly Father faith and knowledge of the power of God, makes from time to time through his servants to carry his message to the nations of the for mission service; but it is also necessary earth and promulgate it where it has not been

that he qualify for the work, search the scripheard before, and establish it to the honor tures, and learn what the Lord would have and glory of God, and to tke salvation of the him know. It is important that our sons and children of men.

MARCH 1948 xcessive use of refined sugar in

E thea seriousUnited nutritionalStates has problem,become Refined Sugar:

especially in the past half century.

One hundred years ago less than A summary of scientific evidence onetenth as much sugar per capita in this counas food consumedwas however, of its effort, the world, tiplied. Throughout wherever Part 1 * today. Durwithtry, as compared to unrefined or natural sugars are is upon trying expended being

ing that same century, while the further the use of sugar as a food.* found, an allwise Creator has alin general from diseasedeath rate that vitamins accompanied claims because ways them by foundation The statistics considerably,dropped minerals sucrose of of are imporwhich and endproducts the of one

in increases alarming manyshowed necessity tance the in digestion is a life's is to the body glucose, whichof the degenerative diseases. These

diseases are thought by many scito the body, sucrose must be a good and metabolism of those sugars."food. It is overlooked that starch For thousands of years mankind

entific investigators to be at least in the progress of digestion is lived without sugar and were in in part the result of excessive use changed to glucose. good health. Modern man cameof refined sugar. While Americans

after along thousands of years and is, "That food of a in significant increase The definition ahave shown alto to refine sugar an managed life promotes and sustains which peoples diseases, other chronicthese state.823 resulting pure most The state the to refined 6 Sugar growth."natives (African and worldof the

others out of contact with civilizaof being a pure chemical or drug, chemical product, sucrose, now quantities available in large easily to rats fed to and found has eating been been no retion) have who 7 cost, is playing important an at low growth. life stop and fail shorten of sugar,fined many to show

part in our presentday problems of civilization, especially in the cause of degenerative diseases. 9 When

Dietary Effects of 4 oz. of Refined the Word of Wisdom was revealed

Sugar upon Serum Calcium and Phoswasto thenotProphetmentioned.Joseph Smith, sugar 32 Sugar was

it a relatively then scarce product;

used mostly as a flavoring and DAYS4 5 G was 0246HOURS 2 3 211-3 did not constitute the large part of

II 2 s the dietary does. it now

-10 D W-2 /y IO Z2 alcohol, Like tea, coffee, tobacco, O 7 -JlO.7 chocolate, sugar is habitform- Z - 10 6, and 203334

ing. Sugar eaters crave candy <U

or sweet drinks. Cola drinks are

doubly habitforming because they

1 m 35 3.5 also contain caffeine, in addition to = a large amount of sugar. 32 r

Effects in infancy and childhood. Q, s.o ZSs 3 o Sugarsweetened cow's milk has

-Aoit CA.KOY E.ATEN all but replaced mother's breast milk

HiSN4W, KH.1t in many parts of the United States.

Mothers are being told even by the chronic diseases which are beTherefore sugar can't be called a some doctors that this convenient lieved to be the result of using refood. Like alcohol, sugar furnishes way of feeding their babies is as 8 s

fined sugar and white flour. only calories to the body. good as breastfeeding. Such is not

Unrefined sugar, especially as it oc- A drug is defined as "any subthe case. 10 If mothers would improve

curs in nature, eaten in small stance used as a chemical ingredient their own sugarsaturated diets by amounts, seems less objectionable in the arts.""Pharmacists agree eating proper nutritious foods inbecause it is associated with the that sugar meets the requirements stead, they could more easily nurse

necessary minerals and some vitaof this definition of a drug. their babies and would have children

mins. In this article we shall consider, less susceptible to disease, both of

Refined sugar, however, has a quoting in every instance scientific the infectious type, as well as of the wide field of usefulness in industry. evidence: degenerative type. It is doubtful

It is one of the cheapest organic 1. Reasons why sugar is not a practice to start a child on habitchemicals on the market.* New infood, but a drug 8 8 forming sugar diets 724 in its early

dustrial uses are being found con- 2. How sugar as a refined chemidays and weeks of life.

stantly. Through research work cal excessively used is now Many rashes, infections, 11 caundertaken at many large univerdamaging the human body: tarrhal conditions, allergic manisities in the United States and a. In infancy91011 festations, and nervous upsets of

financed from funds contributed by b. In childhoodls8UMM1B181718 refined sugar clear infants up when

IB 20 21the Research Sugar Foundation,: is their formulas. from removed

Inc., such industrial uses are mul- c. In middle and old age 8 The resulting malnutrition es18 303425 26 2728203081

* Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article pecially in children is one of the 140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ordinary diabetes, and it clears up when dietaryrefined carbohydrates,

ITS USE AND MISUSE such as sugar, are eliminated."This

disease includes dermatitis, pruritis, furunculosis, multiple abscess formanow, 12). tions, boils, styes, and other bacteBISHOP SAN PEDRO WARD, LONG BEACH STAKE rial infections of the skin. Sugar

appears to favor the growth of bacterial organisms."w In fact, sugheart, of the bones, development against restrongest arguments commercially in making ar is used 38

39 of the blood. fined sugar. and coagulation re- 8 Foods containing cultures. bacterial

fined sugar taken either during or Sugar itself further discourages

Some parents who are horrified between meals, destroy the appetite calcium metabolism. Nervousness

for the nourishing foods, which are then results in these children and at the idea of. having a drunkard in

important to normal life and growth. predisposes to delinquency, actual the family think nothing of allowing

281217181923 Parents of malnourished nervous breakdown, and even mentheir children to become habituated children often use sweets as a retal disease may follow. 3 excessively to candy, chewing gum,

ward for eating a small portion of Furthermore, as these same sugsoft drinks, ice cream, pie, cake, vegetables or milk, and the scene is areating children grow up, many jam, and jellies. Many of these

thus set for repetition at the next of them develop tooth cavity after children grow up and transfer their meal. tooth cavity until by maturity or sugar habit over to that other carSugar eating creates deficiencies shortly thereafter, they need almost bohydrate, alcohol, which has most

of vitamins even in children taking a mouth full of inlays, bridges, fillof sugar's bad effects in addition to "vitamin pills,"because most vitaings, or in extreme cases complete its own peculiar ability to cause ** 2S insanity. drunkenness and Children plates."tablets lower or capsules the upper and min now on 12 M not benefited eating sweets. by children contain several isolated of these having are market synOthers

thetic vitamins which create a the wrong type of glandular inheritHygeia, health magazine pubgreater relative deficiency of the ance, are destined to develop sugar lished by the American Medical vitamins that are missing in that diabetes if they continue long Association, suggested in an article particular tablet than if the tablet enough to indulge in the sugar foods that zones be created around schools were not taken at all. 9 These chronic that they now have come to crave. 8 where candy could not be purvitamin deficiencies show their ef12 11 15 28 29 SO S7 chased by children. And yet many

fects in a long list of degenerative Diabetes may strike early or late national advertisements for candy, chewing gum, and other habitforming sweets are directed to the eye of childhood. Usable

-Mg.Serum Calcium., -rlg.Excess* SerumCalcium. By the time a child is six years

iao mg. 10.0 mg. old, he usually develops his first

8.75 mj.- K.75 8.50 uz 9.75—3.75 mg. molarthe "keyteeth.to occlusion"—aThese, the dentistsmost callim80 7.75 7.75 portant factor in creating a good

placement of all the permanent teeth. Yet by the time many of

these sugareating children have reached puberty and long before.3.75.1.55 their permanent teeth have all

2.70 erupted, their sixyear molars are

decayed beyond the power to save."

- Their extraction then results in a mouth of badly arranged teeth. 402 CANDYI hOuRS DAYS Effects in middle and old age.

Usable end Children Excess are Calcium the by After in Serum no means Eating Candy (Total tnic.un. r Se. "> Us<,Wc Serum Calcium + Calcium). Excess Serum sufferers only from excessive sugar

eating. The most common unkind

blow to middle age is the development of chronic diseases, including conditions and illnesses, many of in life. It is now pretty well agreed arthritis and its allied rheumatic

to that be thought have been sugar which other and concentrated diseases. illresult in These more 24 w incurable. practically sweets deal great have a to do with ness than other any disease except

40 M drinks the diabetes."are of cause replacing sugar milk Sugar insanity. eating Sugar is a number 13

in many of our American schools. "Skin diabetes"is a new definione predisposing cause of arthritis,

This not only means less calcium tion for a series of skin diseases neuritis, and rheumatism, as well as vital affecting often children, for the child's period as well as of bone of many the other chronic dis42 41 113839 It adults. but also in of growth, is present reduction means many eases.

the calcium needed for action of sugareaters who have no signs of (Continued on page 142)

MARCH 1948 141

REFINED SUGAR: IIS USE AND MISUSE

{Continued from page 141) among which are rickets, tetany, worse in eaters of refined sugar. 8 *

From childhood to old age the heart disease, muscular twitching, When a patient goes on a normal chronic complaint of gas on the nervousness, tiredness, and numernutritious dietary regime, these instomach and bowel has been wideous nervous and bone diseases infections are much more easily spread. 48 One of the causes of this cluding fractures. 48 cured. 9 M

condition is the use of refined Another condition due to this Tuberculosis is another disease sugar. 8 "lowered acidity of the stomach is which strikes harder at the "sugar

Sugar irritates the linings of the poor digestion of proteins. The inglutton"64 when he is exposed to its

stomach and intestine, probably by completely digested proteins abgerms. His resistance is lowered

virtue of its hypertonic effect on the sorbed into the blood are thought to tuberculosis, and the bacillus tender mucous membrane. 2 la ""M to be an important cause of certain grows more rapidly in his body. It

This results in failure of the normal types of allergy. 60 has long been known that a good

far indigestive nutritious process diet helping and delayed empgoes acidity also causes Low stomach this distying time 1* a In of the stomach. the patient recover from calcium with the unabsorbed to combine

meantime the sugar ferments and the fatty acids, to form calcium ease. 49

forms gas which creates pain, and soaps which are wastefully exPatients do not become allergic other symptoms of indigestion. This creted in the stool. This fatty stool to refined sugar. But through sugar

may result in a person's being carries out with it much of the eating they have changes take place underweight. 8 body's valuable fat soluble vitamins in their body biochemistry that puts

Lowering of the hydrochloric such as vitamins A, D, E, and K. 48 them in a position in which their

acid content of the stomach is anglands are unable to cope satisother result of refined sugar eatfactorily with their allergic state. 88

ing. 81 Especially in people who have Many allergic patients are greatly

reached middle age, low acidity of benefited when they make no other the stomach is now being found to change except to eliminate refined be fairly common. 9 sugar from their diets. 9

Sugar and fats in the diet are now Among the conditions included not only probably higher than ever under this heading of allergy are before in the history of the race of asthma, hay fever, eczema, hives, flour—aman, butbadfats,combination—aresugar, and whitenow variousmigraine foodor nervousallergies,headache,many andof

also used widely in pastries, cake, which cause stomach and bowel cookies, and many other modern disorders.

recipes. 44 This is thought to be a Heart disease—today's number

chief cause of low stomach acidity one killer62—is another condition56

frequently confused with "sour"made worse by vitamin deficiencies.

stomach and is often even by docEspecially bad for the heart is defitors themselves mistaken for too Obesity is another unpleasant ciency of Vitamin B x or thiamine high acidity. The result is that the condition justly earned by "sugar which a person develops from expatient is given alkaline or aluminum gluttons."Sugar and other refined cessive eating of refined sugar as

medications to neutralize acidity carbohydrates lead to a waterlogexplained earlier in this article.

while the real trouble is insufficient ging of the body tissues.838 Some Hardening of the arteries and

acid in the stomach. people who are fat should actually high blood pressure result from the

Low stomach acidity, resulting at be declared underweight. This use of refined sugar in the diet. 8 It

least in part from the use of recould be seen if their excess water also causes calcium deposits in the fined sugar, 31 leads to a long list of were removed from the body tissues, vessels. When much refined sugar

other degenerative diseases that are by substituting a nutritious normal is eaten, the blood serum phosphorus of excess refined diet for their diet especially the for continues middleto dropseen drops and among carbohydrates. several elderly hours. people in America, 9 ( See Figure 1. ) Duraged and

where the people have been called Thiamine (Vitamin B1 ) deficiening this time calcium, apparently the "sugar gluttons of the world."1 cies are found in many sugar eaters. 23 being absorbed from the bones,

Because of low stomach acidity, iron This causes abnormally slow oxidarises in the blood serum to a high is not easily absorbed from one's tion of body cells leaving incomlevel. Thus at a time about six

food. 45 48 Thus it is difficult for the pletely oxidized toxic products in hours after a few ounces of candy

body to make up for its iron losses. the blood.82223 or ice cream have been eaten, the

This is manifest in various forms The growth of cancer is accelerserum phosphorus is very low, and of anemia. 41 ated by refined sugar eating. 61 Canthe serum calcium is undesirably

Calcium also is not absorbed cer in America is also on the increase high. Recovery from this condition

right consumption hours takes from when sugar patients with to days. (See low acidnownormally by

increasing. further is greatly 52 This 2. Figures Deficiencyity of 1 and stomach. 48 of the

calcium even when plenty of milk is suggests to some of us a possible This excess calcium in the blood taken in the diet is then the patients'relationship of the two. serum of patients who frequently eat

sad plight. Low calcium causes anColds, tonsillitis, sinus infections, refined sugar, may be an important

other long list of chronic illnesses, and other catarrhal diseases are {Continued on page 172) 142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GANDHI, a man of PEACE

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

6611 Man of peace"is one way of of sorrow; he resolved to do somethe fast could not be effectively used

it. freely in it the He mingled as has West been in the

helped force by the East. is *'"1 1 ramchanddescribing Gandhi,Mohandaswho Kahad withthing themaboutand that But not entirely true,

in his room a single decoration, "a of his courageous example to break for through the fast Gandhi eviglass-covered, blackand-white print down the enervating caste system denced his undying faith—and faith

of Jesus Christ, on which were that enslaved them. certainly is a principle of Christianityprinted the words, 'He is our the which a Christian West,

Tt would be folly to place Gandhipeace. * "i accept. must West, facother One

Always Gandhi reverenced the among the great founders of relitor that is overlooked in this article teachings of the Christ, and better gion. What he did was to take is that Gandhi had proved himself

than most people, he lived to those the religions that he found, subli- a leader before he began his fasts.

teachings. He studied repeatedly mate the best in them, and apply By his life he had exemplified his

the Sermon on the Mount, which he this to the situation in India. To truly noble character and as a result

accepted implicitly, and which he India and the world he became the had won the unqualified admiration said would form the basis of the greatest examplar of peace, which of his people, as well as of the opconstitution for free India. had been preached by many before posing forces. In his last fast he atIn a world of hatred and a world Gandhi. tained that for which he prayed; a

where force has been so much in To Latterday Saints many of his meeting between Moslems and evidence, he went his way, offering practices are readily understandable Hindus that they might work out a no force of arms, nothing of violence and acceptable. In his life he exempeaceful solution to their ageold

in the face of violence, and his death plified the teaching of the Master: disputes.

which came violently did not catch "Love your enemies, bless them that Gandhi's belief in a diet is also him unaware. He signed his forcurse you, and do good to them that worth our considering. Although

giveness of the man who killed him. hate you."When he was in South many people felt that he went to an

But what of passive resistance in Africa, he was subjected to all kinds extreme in his eschewing meat, we the world of today? Can it be adof indignities and physical injuries know that we should curtail our use

hered to? we ask. In the face of because of his being an Indian. Reof meats. He maintained his strength

all that is existent, how can one acgardless of this injustice, at the out-—and the strength of this man was

cept this doctrine? In his life Ganbreak of the Boer War the Indians phenomenal—by eating grains and

dhi, who came to be called mahatma decided that they would volunteer vegetables, including potatoes, and to do nursing and medical work by drinking milk. In his later years—which translated means greatthe sick and wounded, and he turned from goat's milk to cow'ssouled, highminded—that peace is among

a way of life. It was not easy for at last the government accepted the milk in order to encourage better

him, for he had ideas in the beginoffer and permitted them to form an care for the cows of India.

ning, similar to those of any other Ambulance Corps. This active polGandhi likewise came early to acyoung man, of what he wanted to icy of overcoming evil with good cept the necessity for a day of rest.

do, what he would like to achieve. certainly emulated the Christ's adAt first he used it differently from

Power was certainly among these monition. This was the beginning of the Christian Sabbath, which is a

ideas that centered in his thoughts. an active acceptance of this prinday of worship, but he later imFinally the idea of power was ciple, for throughout his long life bued it with spiritual qualities. He

(Gandhi was born October 2, 1869, imposed a day of silence on himselfsublimated; it came to be that kind and died January 30, 1948 ) he prac-—and recognized the value of it.of power that comes to any truly

this admonition: overto served This "Be not renew his spirit and the tised pointing ofgreat leader—that of evil, evil come but overcome gave with him an opportunity for constudy and leadindustry andway to

good."templation and rest.ing his people in the path of peace.

A trained lawyer, he gave up a Certainly this one practice of TThe three greatest of his doctrines lucrative vocation to champion the Gandhi should receive our full comare compatible with all that we cause of the people among whom he mendation and adherence. We who hold dear; nonresistance, and "soul

lived. But he came to espouse an are Christians would do well to force."Nonviolence is difficult to

even greater cause than that of the emulate his example in this respect. live by. But it is nonetheless the test

people of his own class. His heart The principle of the fast day was of a great character; it is far more

ached for the outcasts of his counrevealed to the members of our difficult to turn from than to resort try, the Untouchables, who were not Church. Gandhi, too, has found the to violence. He who restrains himconsidered in any way equal to fast effective. He has used it to self can master not only himself but

others in India. Unlike most people bring people to his point of view others also.

he did not stop with a mere feeling and the amazing thing is that it has His nonresistance was an active to it. In brought a recent them pubit is Fischer. ouis With Gandhi, Duell, Sloan Week A not a passive thing—although lication the statement that was made 1942. Pierce, 14and p. (Concluded on page 146)

MARCH 1948 143

Forward

Mldtom of

A PEOPLE AND A

CHURCH South Harbor and market place of Helsinki Dm Gilbert <=L. /Lobell, dr.

of April, I was called to go to Finland where there were a few Saints that had not been visited by any Elders for several years. There are twelve in number scattered over about six hundred miles of

country. These I found still faithful and

glad to be visited. I also applied to the

legal authorities of the province for permission to labor as a missionary, but was refused this privilege.2

It was in August 1 903 that Elder

Francis M. Lyman of the Twelve

and then president of the European

Mission, sailed for Finland in company with his secretary, Elder Joseph J. Cannon, who was later a

The modern railwk member of the general superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual g|pM|H| Improvement Association. They ar-

'rived on August 4, 1903, and after riding around in the city of Abo ( Turku on some maps ), selected the

First Presidency Finland. He and possibly other mistop of a finely wooded hill where Iast May 16 the

of the Church of Jesus Christ of sionaries labored in Finland for a stood an observatory, and standing 'Latterday Saints announced time but the civil authorities of the north, for that direction encomthe organization of a mission in the country were hostile to the Church. passed the length of Finland, they

land of Finland and called Henry Elder C. L. Anderson, Jr., serving bowed their heads and President

A. Matis, second counselor in the in the Scandinavian Mission in 1900 Lyman dedicated the land for the

presidency of the Chicago Stake, to wrote be its president. Actually this wasn't At our spring conference which con- 'Ibid..iDeseretJanuaryNews. 12.May190123, 1878

the beginning of missionary activity vened in Stockholm on the 29th and 30th (Continued on page 182) in this nation which is bisected by the Arctic Circle, but rather a logical development placed on the solid foundation of years of missionary activity.

In another May, that of 1878, The Deseret News reported that:

The Elders were beginning to make good headway, in spreading the gospel in Finland, when the authorities of that principality drove them out of the country.1

There were no clarifying details.

But the missionaries did not stay out of the country for long. In May

1881, Elder Joseph R. Linvall of

Paris, Idaho, arrived in the old

Scandinavian Mission and was asMISSIONARIES ATTENDING THE FIRST CONFERENCE OF THE FINNISH MISSION signed to labor in the Stockholm TheodoreFirst Johnson,row, left Marthato right:Johnson,Reed Lundquist,Custav Karlsson,Mark Anderson,John Omer.Sister Matis, President Henry A. Matis, A.

Conference, and was soon actively Second row: Donald Miner, Donald Benson, Phil Robinson, Lynn Cahoon, Donald Sandberg, Keith Glad,

engaged in the work in his native OrsonThirdHofer,row:AlvinDaleAnderson.Haws, Grant Anderson, Newell Erickson, John Warner, Richard Brown, Carl Wallin.

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in Finland... the future looks bright

Id PRESIDENT OF THE FINNISH MISSION preaching the everlasting gospel iSu J4enm1 yr. ff/at INin Finland, the missionaries have

continually found a people who have hungered for the gospel message, but who have been deprived of it until comparatively recent times. The Church has not been

able to send very many missionaries into this deserving land, and so only a few have been able to preach the Buildingeled for Larsmoto be remodChapel gospel there.

The fathers of some of the missionaries now serving in Finland have, at an earlier period, served portions of their missions in Finland.

The diary of Elder Donald Sandberg's father tells how, many years Helsinki's first branch

Finnish ago, he walked from Vasa to Gamla presidency,Mission. First

Karleby, a distance of a hundred first counselor, Tanelirow:

miles, preaching the gospel and Havu,selor, Nikolaisecond Salmi-\coun baptising two persons. Elder Newell nen.ViktorBack Jukarainen,\row: Clerk

Erickson's father did missionary PresidentKarlsson.G u s t a v

work in Finland in 1914. Elder A. t'y ': 'i-'-:-V:V:;? ':"8$:

Theodore Johnson, now president of the Gamla Karleby District labored in this country, the land of his forefathers, thirty years ago and was instrumental in the establishing of a lone branch at Larsmo.

Concentrated efforts began when

Elder C. Fritz Johansson, acting

president of the Swedish Mission during the late war, together with

Elder Karl Largerberg, a Swedish Helsinki Branch members with President Eben brother, were called by Elder Ezra R. T. Blomquist

Taft Benson of the Council of the

Twelve, and then president of the pose May 9, 1946, and held the

European Mission, and President first public meeting in the capital

Eben R. T. Blomquist of the Swedcity, Helsinki, May 1 1. At Larsmo,

ish Mission, to open the country of July 16, 1946, Elder Ezra Taft

Finland to increased missionary Benson rededicated the country to activity. These missionaries arrived the preaching of the gospel In fitin Finland to accomplish this purting response to this, 225 people

attended a meeting, held later in

Helsinki, to investigate the gospel message. On September 15, 1946,

the first American missionaries in

Society Helsinki Relief Mission, Finnish presthis new program arrived on the idency, first bazaar: during counshores of Finland at Turku ( Abo ) secretary, Tjurin; selor, V.

president, H. Niemi; Ida these being Elder A. Theodore Society presiRelief Helio;

Matis; dent, Mae second Johnson, Elder Donald Sandberg,

Hallsten. counselor, Hilma

and Elder Edwin Johnson, as well as Elder Einar Norlander from Sweden.

The president of the Swedish Mission, Eben R. T. Blomquist, realizPihlajatie 41 (Ronnvagen 41) ing the importance of the work to

Helsinki home, Mission ofcome from Finland, sent increasing secchapel occupy fice, and tions of the above building numbers of missionaries even though it drew from the few missionaries (Concluded on page 146) MARCH 1948 145 THE FUTURE LOOKS BRIGHT boys we arrived in Helsinki on

August 20. On September 1, the

{Concluded from page 145) iliary organizations have been orFinnish Mission began to function which he had to help carry on the ganized. The first Relief Society as a sepearate unit under the direcwork in Sweden. The people in meeting was held in a little room tion of Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant

Finland are about onetenth Swedon Topiliuksenkatu. 11, at which to the Council of the Twelve and

ishspeaking, and thus the missionpresident of the European Mission, aries from Sweden could carry on J and myself. Since that time four

their work and reach the Finnish new cities have been opened to speaking people through intermissionary work; i.e. Tampere, the

preters. On November 3, 1946, industrial hub of Finland; Salo,

Elder Mark E. Anderson was sent Lahti, and Kristinestad. A mission

to Finland to be the first to learn home in Helsinki and a chapel in the Finnish language and present Larsmo have been purchased, which the gospel to the Finns in their indicate the permanency of the remother tongue. stored gospel in Finland. The Book

A conference of missionaries of of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covethe Finland District of the Swedish nants, and The Articles of Faith by

Mission, held at Larsmo, on January NewPresidentYear'sHenryDayMatis,at noon.Elder L.SisterCahoon,MaeFredMatis,W. James E. Talmage are being trans18, 1947, typified the progress in Matis, Elder John Smith,Matis. Bruce Matis, John lated. With these volumes as well

that part of the Lord's vineyard. as Elder Charles W. Penrose's

Already they were singing the twelve women attended, including tracts and Elder John A. Widtsoe's

newlytranslated hymns, "Come, Sister Mae T. Johnson, who pretracts already translated, the FinCome, Ye Saints"and "We Thank sided. From this humble beginning nishspeaking elders have sufficient

Thee O God For a Prophet,"with the organization has grown to over material to supplement the Finnish all the vigor of any Latterday seventy members. Sisters Ida Helio, Bible.

Saint group. By the following June H. Hallsten, V. Tjurin, and H. The newlybaptized members are

26, the Church had grown so that Niemi, all local sisters, were susfitting themselves into the Church the forming of two new districts tained as the presidency. On Feband its auxiliaries wherever they are

was justified. ruary 9, 1947, the first Sunday called. They are seeing the beauty

School was held with nine members of working together to uplift all.

nPypiCAL of the growth of the attending. Today local brethren They are finding, through the

Church in Finland is that of the and sisters have a completely organbrotherhood expressed by welfare growth in the capital city itself. It ized and continually growing school, goods, by reading the printed literawas November 30, 1946, that the with classes for adults in Swedish ture, and in the exemplary lives of

first baptism took place in Helsinki. and in Finnish, and for children in the missionaries, that they are inThis was followed by the first memFinnish. The average attendance deed part of Christ's true church on

bers meeting the next day. In a at this is over forty. this earth. The future of Mormonyear's time, with never more than ism in Finland today is truly bright

six missionaries working in Helsinki AX7e, Sister Matis and myself, were in that by nature the Finnish people at one time, the membership has called to preside over the are a religious, Godfearing race.

grown to sixty, with many more innewly-created Finnish Mission beMuch of the blood of Israel is vestigating the message of the gosing set apart June 18, 1947, at Salt among them and creates their search pel. In this city the different auxLake City. With our family of four for light and truth.

spoken of as passive. It meant to GANDHI knowing that if he routed ignorance

Gandhi a noncooperation with (Concluded from page 143) he would help them in their freethose who were violating what he pie or country—and his eternal dom. Many of the poorer natives

felt were the rights of his people. search for truth. His love for his had lost all incentive for improveHe has often been compared in his people prompted him to resume the ment since they had been coerced

patriotism to Washington and clothes of his countrymen. He wore for so long. He evolved a little spinothers; yet in reality his was a greatwhite, probably for many reasons, ning wheel that he used so that by

er kind of patriotism since he fought but at least one of them indicates force of example he would teach for his country, not by the use of his concern for the Indians: white them the value of work.

-operation—andfirearms, but byhethewonusejustof asnonco-suretomustteachbe keptthem clean;cleanlinessand hethatwantedthey movedWithon;histhepassingnonresistanta great soulfighthashe

ly as Washington won, for today might keep well and that they might started, he has left for us to finish.

India stands free. That she has her improve their living conditions. AnSurely those who are Christian can

internal difficulties is no surprise, other reason, too, is that white is a do no better than to follow in his since she is young, and any young symbol of purity, a principle which footsteps in this one regard at least:

country will have her troubles to Gandhi emphasized as an essential that we will not employ aggressive.settle. ingredient in his "soul force."force in pursuing our ends, but that

,f; His greatest characteristic is his This love also prompted him to we will earnestly seek to employ

"soul force"which includes his love show his people the way to industry love in all our dealings with one of all mankind—not bound by peoand to peace. He taught them, another.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Every March for the past twenty years, Amy or Ethel or Mae brings a little package and hands it to Mother. She kisses it, even beSpring dress

fore she opens it, for she knows the could hear the mountain, we er it is, cries. shewhat and Bu JJa Wad 9 brink. the horse groaning over We I too, for I know, also remember

all hurried, to him, got and when we

Ithat other March. know built our what the woodland and had said, slipped new he'd Mother where had

girls are remembering when they house, put to meet hard and he was the of over the bank path, and all it. they are remembering I knowbuy the the land payments on he owed slid four hooves underneath a had

the late March evening when the and the new house. big log that lay about a foot off the

old Syrian peddler fumbled with his The old peddler looked Mother ground. He could hardly move excold hands at the straps of the big in the face. He made no further cept to raise his head up and

the gripleather he'd onto thrown sell cloth, persuasion to the her and in his exciteSyrian down. The

I recall front porch, of ouredge and it I believe because he was saw how handle, one grabbed and ment saw girls imthe stood andhow Mother if that she she wanted it, and much other. to to grab the motioned me for shivering,patient waiting and it. she'd had buy money I did, to the on and began saw we

him to get the thing open. He rebuckled the straps around big log.

three at the around He glanced case, big leather took the black and it off yet,"Mother "Ddn't saw girls. fourteen, Ethel Amy was it his horse it across out and swung cautioned. "Don't you see it would

twelve, and Mae ten, that spring, with the other case. He started come down and break his legs?"the long old with Syrian theand trail that his leading horse the up could cool always She be and the of fished out mustache,gray at our the house. crossed mountain like thoughtful that faced she when bolt of a flaming leather caseblack I stood and Mother remember how crisis, a real she but scream would

it calicocheckered and handed that tears came to watched him and the at sight the of a bigger mouse noMother. for cheeks, she pink her down than hickory could she a nut, and

it kissed took She it and and then and but nothing a girl then, seemed cry speckled over or a a blossom itheld to her started cheek and stop children long then and we to now piece of gingham.

cry. Bright things in the spring enough to remember our Mother

cry.could always Mother make We in her pink cheeks she had when girls the hold the she had HpHEN ask didnever her why, because we hair. in her gold and lantern for while us found we she'd say, only because,""Justknew of the chores about went We slide big to chunks chopped the and two if couldn'tas understand. we saying evening, with now Mother it the couldn't log so come under it little to held a After she while if herself: just to as then and legs. horse's the on While down it she the cheek,her to handed back we'll manage. We'll "Somehow sat that, and did Mother down we didn't toldold Syrian him she and pretty dresses children get the some in lap. his her placed head thehave money, which."any was.. spring. this said, his hurtin'head,"she "He's it first fortruth, the after spring was

Father had bought the strip of And then, after complete darkness rocks.""bumping it against the hard ice and

had come, there was a knock We sawed out the section of the at the door, and as usual, Mother big log, and it rolled on the chunks was the first to fly to it and open it. down the hill, and the horse's legs

There stood the old Syrian peddler. were free.

His gray mustache quivered, and he Mother had him by the bridle bit, began to jabber and to motion with and she talked to him a little.

his hands, and we couldn't under- "Steady... steady... now,"she

stand much that he said in words, said, while we dug the ice at his but he pointed to the lantern that feet and found earth, and then she hung on the porch, and he made spoke to the horse again.

motions like digging and chopping "Come on,"she said, "carefuland sawing, and we thought of the steady, boy."

saw and the mattock and the ax, and As if in obedience to her, and then we caught on that he was trywith all the caution a horse can ing to tell us his horse was down on take when he knows he's in danger, the mountain. Mother started us the horse put out his front feet,

children for the saw, ax, and matfeeling for the earth. When he'd

tock, as she began to throw on her found it, he got up in front first, wraps. We took up the trail after and then behind, and he stood and

the old Syrian. As we climbed the shivered in the March cold. Mother

steeps, Mother said: rubbed his face, and straightened his

"I know where that horse fell. I mane and talked to him,. saying,

remember the spring that seeps out "Don't be afraid... you're all right

of the bank and goes down the trail now."While she took the lantern

and makes ice of winters."and held it up and found the bruised

Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith When we reached the crest of (Concluded on page 164)

MARCH 1948 147 ONseventySaturday,thousandJanuarypeople24, surged1948, GOID or GOD'S KINGDOM?

about the village of Coloma on the South Fork of the American River. Government officials

up from Sacramento and out of Washington, bus loads of Hollywood actors and musicians, and great numbers of the common people rubbed shoulders in a crowd much too large for a narrow village with a normal population of fewer than three hundred.

Automobiles of every vintage stood bumper to bumper for twelve miles along the winding mountain road that leads through Coloma. A

thin blue haze, the aggregate from many exhaust pipes, hung between the low hills that flank the valley.

Newly strung telephone and telegraph wires reached south to PlacersawmillStandingwhereon goldsite wasof disthe ville and the networks of the nation. covered(left to Januaryright) Governor24, 1848 are:Earl

Joseph of California;

of chairmanA mobile shortwave transmitter R.WarrenKnowland,

stood by. Flash bulbs popped and CaliforniaCommission;StateOscarCentennialsA. KirkFirst Council ofnotes were scribbled by a hundred hamthe Seventy;of the and German

reporters. Ellsworth, president of theE.

All this was to tell the world that Northern California Mission.

California was beginning three years of centennial celebrations, that

California was paying homage to the men she once pushed aside, that

California was honoring the discovery that had catapulted her along a mighty course of empire and prosperity.

This was Gold Discovery Centennial Day!

It was interesting to get away from the crowd that afternoon and climb to the top of one of the rolling hills to the west. There stands a runSutter'sfrom anMillold andprint.the mill

statue to James Wilson Marshall, the man who picked up a flake of virgin metal an even hundred years earlier. Here was the irony of history. The crowd below was paying Mark Twain grew famous telling shouting "Gold! Gold! Gold from

him tribute. The statue had been stories of those brawling, lusty days. the American River!"

raised to his memory. But it has Those were the days when quiet Thousands deserted whatever

been less than a century since men Indian villages became roaring minthey were doing and raced to the in this same valley had connived to ing camps almost overnight. Lovely diggings. The news spread over

hang him because they suspected he green valleys were blotched with land and sea. Men sailed around

knew of other gold finds that he ungainly frontier architecture as the cape. They walked across the

was concealing. And it had not rapidly as men could saw and nail isthmus. They rode over the mounbeen long ago that this same state lumber. Riches were gathered in a tains and down the passes in great

had first granted and then taken morning of panning and lost in a wagon trains. They fought and

from him a small pension, and he night of gambling. swore, gambled and murdered, got

had lived and died in poverty. Those were the days of the frenrich and lived in squalor. Those

Yes, it? was interesting to look zied gold rush to California, the were the roughand-tumble times of

over the park and the crowd that days that were brought on when the Argonauts, when Coloma was a sunny January afternoon and think Sam Brannan rode through the hustling town of more than ten of the history of the place and of the streets of San Francisco, waving thousand people.

people who had walked there. his hat with one hand and a bottle Dynasties were founded in those

Writers such as Bret Harte and of the precious dust with the other, days-—the "Big Four"who laid the

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i5u Ljomon 5. MlncktetA

: EXECUTIVE SECRETARY, CHURCH RADIO, PUBLICITY AND MISSION LITERATURE COMMITTEE

"K Ten of the Mormon Battalion were on the spot when yellow * metal was discovered in the American River on January 24, 1S48. But even as the cry "gold"was luring men to rush

frantically to California from many parts of the world, the gospel was calling these discharged soldiers away from the gold fields COLOMA SAWMILL to rejoin the Saints in Utah. This is an account of those stirring

events, and of a celebration one hundred years later.

miles in one of the most striking odysseys of history.

first rails through the Sierras, inal discovery for thousands of The first represents Nauvoo,

Armour of meatpacking fame, anxious men who followed. queen city of the Upper Mississippi

Studebaker, whose Placerville The little cabin stands in Gold in 184546. It was this place of

wheelbarrows have evolved to autoDiscovery Park through the courbroad streets, good homes, and a mobiles, Stetson, whose first hats tesy of the California State Park magnificent temple that the men of covered the heads of goldpanning Commission. It represents the cabin the Battalion, with the rest of their

miners. built by the Battalion men who people, left to face the wilderness.

It was this story of universal inrebelled against the "petticoat govThe second is taken from George terest that the people of California ernment"ofi Marshall's cook and M. Ottinger's painting of the Batwere telling on that centennial day wanted to get off by themselves. talion in the Arizona desert. It dewith speeches, bronze tablets, minThe six of them—Alexander Stephpicts the hardships they endured in

ing exhibits, and a Hollywoodens, James Barger, James S. Brown, meeting the call of the country

created pageant. Henry W. Bigler, Azariah Smith, which had stood by impassively

and William Johnston—completed while mobs had driven them from

A nd in the midst of all this was an attractive cabin, reminiscent of the days of '48 and '49, erected by the Church to tell a story less well known but without which the gold discovery chronicle is incomplete.

Governor Earl Warren of California recognized its importance when he told the Coloma crowd that without the records of the men of the Mormon Battalion there might have been no celebration that day. For it was the men of the Battalion whose efforts for the most

part built the mill, where gold was found, and they were the men who recorded the find for future historians and greatly extended the orig-

A page from Henry and moved into their own quarters Artist's sketchBattalionof the cabinmen built by the

W. Bight's Journal on January 23, 1848. It was exactly

one hundred years later that its counterpart was completed by memtheir homes. The story of their

bers of the Placerville Branch and struggle through heavy sands and the Sacramento Stake. narrow mountain passes, of, their

As nearly as can be determined it sufferings from killing thirst and has the appearance of its forerunner. freezing cold, of their trailbreaking

The outside walls are of roughpioneering and their constructive 1*ja*SSJ-* sawed boards laid vertically, with labors in southern California—all of

battens to cover the cracks. Handthis is told in connection with this

split shingles are on the roof, and diorama.

The next depicts the Sutter sawlog posts support the leanto porch. mill at Coloma. When the Battalion

The interior is modern, with varwas discharged at Los Angeles on nished beveled cedar. Recessed in July 16, 1847, some of them hoped

the wall are seven dioramas setting to rejoin their people by following forth the story of the men who up the base of the Sierras and then traveled more than three thousand (Concluded on page 150)

MARCH 1948 149 GOLD OR GOD'S KINGDOM {Concluded from page 149) The diorama opposite the one of gins"which later yielded fortunes.

going east. For five hundred and the mill consists of a photographic Yet, notwithstanding the fact that

fifty miles they made their way, enlargement from the Bigler journal. they could find quantities of the

without seeing a house, or a white Nothing on the grounds excited precious metal with little effort, they woman or child. more curiosity than this document remained loyal to Sutter and MarOn August 26 they camped near dated January 24 which has been shall, spending their days to comthe fort of John Sutter, the enteraccepted by California's historians plete the mill. Hubert Howe Banprising Swiss immigrant who had as against Marshall's claim that he croft records that

established New Helvetia with found gold on January 19.

headquarters at the present site of The two following dioramas repthey had promised to stand by him

Sacramento. On learning that Brigresent an agricultural scene from did,[Sutter]startingand finishit runningthe sawmill;on the this11ththeyofham Young and the pioneers had the Salt Lake Valley—the blossomMarch.

reached the Salt Lake Valley and ing desert—and Temple Square in

that supplies were scarce there, Salt Lake City. Tied in with them They continued their work into

some of them decided to remain in is the epilogue to the Battalion story. April.

until spring, following theCalifornia following Marshall's Immediately striking the contrast beHow their reto addingthereby own flakes, of yellow the discovery their actions the tween of the those and assisttime at thesources same and offother gold. During found men squatters fields to the rushed who country. theing in building up further. prospected they hours work ruthlessly overran Sutter and and

They indicated to Sutter and his Their associates from the flour mill Marshall, disregarding every sense foremanpartner, Marshall, that opened the famous "Mormon Digof law and justice.

they had among their number skilled And even more remarkable is the millwrights, carpenters, and wheelfact that while Sam Brannan was wrights. This was apparently good spreading the news through San

news to the Californians, for Sutter Francisco, the Battalion men were OF MORMON Marshall ahead TO A DESCENDANT concluded to goand to preparing leave the area to which PIONEERS the flour sawmillwith mill and the thousands within the rush would they had wanted to build. By Chevyll Wayne year.

The sawmill site was some fortyThey had determined that with five miles of I the South up Fork once eyes glimpse your dark the rpHROUGH the of in melting of the passes snow * the wasteland more six River. Marshall, menAmerican Sierras, the they out seek would rolls restless tide of years. the time back As Battalion, three theof Mormon

I train onthe slowly see move their in buildassist people, wagon there to other white men, and some Indians ward ing kingdom. before God's day The the land of surcease from its fears. in September. workbegan The Toward left, they panned James S. Brownriver was dammed with brush to By night they march, with heaven's $49.50 worth of virgin gold between

turn the water into a dry channel starlight to guide them eleven in the morning and sundown.

purple to each crimson for cleared shadows a race.which The Through was the following morning yet on And dawn; this, builtmill over and then was his distant peaks, climbed snowcrowned companions in he and The

to return tailrace fashioneda was grandeur, mystic into their wagons and started east.

fingers, urge each pilgrim on. beckoning Like thethe main stream. water to

There is nothing like it in modern

Between the 15th and 20th of With faith sublime a patriarch's voice is history. These men thereafter

in the water turnedJanuary lifted was life lived the hard of the pioneer.

it praise; of In of joy, a paean hymn to testrace the the mill, but operathe broke lands sage of is meet They Utah all is join, blended others over and Thattion satisfactory not further and was feet. shuffling patient the oxen's of The valleys. built They and homes

work was undertaken. schools and churches in the wilderOn January 24, Besidelighten,the trail, their meager load to ness. None of them ever became

wealthy. made heritage But they vows were two whose bridal left a inWalk while sauntering the tailrace along

tears 'mid riches that has brought tembothspecting noticed the work, Mr. Marshall to parents, and farewell sad home Of

yellow particles mingled with the excavated childhood: poral and spiritual to those generaearth. He told the others what he had Naught left but memories to cherish through tions who have succeeded them.

found. \ the years. Marshall died penniless. Sutter

That night Henry Bigler wrote in Love conquers all, when youthful hearts died of a broken heart when Conyearning for denied his gress redress. claimshis journal: For prideare millionaire a Brannan became of conquest; gone are doubts and Sam fears;

Monday 24: This day some kind of Sealed for all time, they walk in bliss tobut was buried a pauper. These are

mettle was found in the tailrace that looks gether, remembered today for the high like goald [sic]. Builders of empire—Utah pioneers! drama connected with their lives.

'the Battalion birds But were dusk, sweetscented men who In some when It entry is this important which calling, are in are associated 1848 with them disestablished of the the datehas acclaim. heart Secure, your let memories

covery "which within a year was to Give thanks anew, with reverence recallhonored for the kingdom they make the name of California a magic The ingpriceless heritage that brought your wrested from the wilderness by their word throughout the world. name. honest toil.

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA going to answer our prayer, I thought, or do I just have la flair for A PRAYER and An the unusual? Well, we're his servants. We're promised that the way

will be opened. The Lord had answered us before. Now, why can't ANSWER he arrange to have that fish bite?

He's brought us this far, and JriAman, adt5en WHAM! &t

I pulled, fast! The trout sailed

A True Missionary Experience "What's wrong with what you over my head, off the hook, and onto have in your hand?"said Elder

was hot and dusty along that B. "Man!"I chortled, "Mr. Fish

It country road. I looked down at the tattered ummusta been pretty hungry too."

"We're about due for somebrella and chuckled. Elder B was laughing. But

thing to eat, don't you think?"said Elder B wasn't smiling. there were tears in his eyes. I stared

Elder Reuel J. Bawden, pretending "Hmmm,"he said, "you've got incredulously; first at the umbrella,

he'd had a brilliant new thought. thread; I've got a safety pin; and we then at the fish. Elder B broke

"Huh!"was all I could manage in ought to be able to find a worm the spell.reply. around and—"Find another worm,"he said,

The thought wasn't a new one. "And you've got a few matches in "there must be more fish in the

Twentyfour hours had passed since your grip,"I finished for him. brook."

we had eaten anything, and our "What are we waiting for!"Worms there were, and trout too.

if they hadn'tstrength was beginning to wane as A handy man was Elder B. They hit that line as

we trudged along the sparsely popuIn a few minutes he had doubled seen a fly or worm in weeks. It

lated backroad. Latterday Saint and redoubled enough thread to didn't take me long to catch five

missionaries were rather unpopular make a line. Then with his nail more. It was too good to be true.

with these farm folk, I reflected. clipper he fashioned a hook from In a few short minutes six trout were

,We'd been forced to sleep in a barn his safety pin, and I sharpened it broiling over a small fire.

the night before, and now, at 2 with a fingernail file. I found a worm We didn't eat those fish without

o'clock in the afternoon, we had yet under a stump, and tying the line to blessing them. And when we said,

to manage something to eat. the umbrella, crept up to the stream. "Father in heaven, we thank thee

Noticing a clump of trees, I said, This was a pretty farfetched for this food,"it came from the heart. We ate them, relished them,"Well, let's go tell the Lord about situation, I thought to myself—fishfins and all. We were warm insideit. ing with makeshift gear—and fishThis happened often in our couning in dead earnest, not for sport. I when we finished—warm from the

try work... going off into the recalled one of my father's statefish, warm from deeprooted gratiat hand is the thing tude.woods to pray. It wasn't a habit—it ments, "Always picked up our suitcases andwas a necessity. Who but the Lord needed, if you only have the wit and We

could help us in these hostile counwisdom to recognize it."Was this began trudging down the narrow

I asked myself, or road.try areas? We were without purse wit and wisdom,

or scrip. We were on our own. But, inspiration? "You know,"said Elder B,

he in whose work we were engaged I dangled the line over the grassy as we walked with renewed was ever within reach, the unfailing bank and floated it downstream. strength, "the Lord is a mighty genresource. Can this be the way the Lord is erous employer!"

We found a secluded spot, grounded our suitcases with a sigh of relief, and knelt down. Elder

B prayed. It wasn't a long prayer; they seldom were in this work.

Forgotten were wellworn phrases and repetitions. We were praying

for urgent needs. It didn't take long

to express them.

"Father, wilt thou open the way for us to have a bite to eat."

My "Amen"was heartfelt.

As we stood and donned our hats,

I noticed a ripple in the small brooklet that gurgled through the grove. A trout rose to strike at a

fly. I smiled.

"Oh, for a fishing pole!"I said,

half aloud.

MARCH 1948 151 "it's up to m&ji YOU"to wheel. It the steering be fabric society, perhaps, of on of the letters whole may be comments andSome official as church, test its isolated strength, an of government, but if sudpeople from which young come

indicate very clearly that many denly subjected to great strain, secor education. You will, undoubtedly, have a voice—if only a small oneof you—in the words of one—"do tions may break.not think much of grownups and the Each age group meets its own—in the drafting of policies for

mess that they have cooked up for pressure situations of both good and professions and business. Certainthis generation to grow up in."evil. Some do this, perhaps, with ly you will have direct effect upon

And the evidence which you pile more courage and vision than others. young and old in your home and

up is very convincing: the saloons But even the most courageous group neighborhood. What are you dothat the older members of the city cannot always handle the full matuing now to guarantee that you will

are willing to have because they add rity of evil which assails it and fill your positions of trust with more more revenue to the state coffers; which in its father's day may have courage and vigor than you feel

the immoral books which oldsters manifested itself only as an embryyour elders evidence? Can you abthis:are willing to write because they sell onic "trend."Individuals can—and sorb hard philosophy? Tryor are willing to read because many do—live fearlessly active, impor-"everyone"is reading them; the clean lives, even in the midst of You—our youth—are very

ghastly wars which older people wide, moral upheaval. But they do tant. You are our future, and

have neither prevented nor outthis as individuals. They cannot alyou deserve protection in the

lawed; the economic and social years of your development. But

problems of life which they haven't all life and, consequently, all age solved. is important. Life is of one piece

from birth to death. Infancy is You are right—sadly right. And important and the middle yearsyet, I keep coming up against some TALK IT OVER and old age. Each requires conreal and very practical questions sideration and is entitled to atturn First,which to you. back I must the into strength knit complete ways all of and And us—youngjust are these "older people"who part, generation a of are they which time we know good tention.old—from to are so blame? And,who much nor should as a they be blamed responsible are from evil—thesecondly—and even more to the group just because of their age. some extent for that good andtopoint—what can you do about it? Now what can you do about it? evil.

Just who are these older people? The fact that responsibility is hard

If you feel that some of those whoAnd at what age did they become to place—especially on groups; the

culpable? Are they sixty or seventy? fact that those immediately older are ahead of you have failed you,

Perhaps they are younger—say, than you are not wholly to blame for perhaps you can help them. Young

to improveforty—or even twentyfive? I wonall your difficulties—the fact that people have done much

der whether we can lump together they, too, have inherited evils and the ethical and moral attitudes of all these recreant oldsters. If life problems, acquired bad habits, and older people. Sons have brought

about the reformation of fathers,were run as a relay, responsibility accepted poor attitudes—does not

might be easy to place. If one genmean that you have no power, no and daughters have led mothers to

eration passed the "stick"of life into rights, no obligations, no opportunihappier lives.

the hands of another and dropped ties. You have them all. But in orpantingly to the sidelines—if an ender to take advantage of any of Young people should not believe

tirely new group were born and them, you must see yourself as an that youth renders them helpstepped into the picture each twenindividual as well as a "young perless. True, their judgment may not

ty years, completely releasing all son."You must see yourself as forbe secure. True, also, their inexperiother groups—then whoever held tunate Frank Brown and lucky ence should keep them teachable and

the stick at any particular time could Barbara Smith instead of just part openminded. But their idealism

be considered wholly responsible for of "betrayed youth."should be put to vigorous use. You

what happened to it. But group You must look around and see not should concern yourselves with

responsibility is not that easy to only the saloons but the churches what goes on in your towns and localize. and schools; not only the "blue"cities. If you do not believe the

novels but the public libraries full older members of your communities

Feneration is an almost indefinof great literature and noble are doing the right thing, I see able term, used, at times, too thoughts; not only the illness, and nothing undutiful in telling them

easily. We have come to think of suffering, and sorrow of the world, how you feel. Suggestions, given

a generation as a broad, cohesive, but the selfless lives of those who respectfully, need not be offensive.

powerful group. Actually, it is more minister to need. You must see the You can help also in pinning

like a finely linked thread woven contributions which men who love down some of the excuses. "There'll

about it,"is the conlife—aacross thethinswiftlythreadmovingoverlaidwarpwithof ness,libertyhaveand managedsacrifice tofor weaverighteousinto can'talwaysdo bemuchevil in the world; you

many other generational threads. It the pattern of life. stant plea of the indifferent. But I

is too intimately interwoven in the One of these days your hands will hear it from the lips of youth as 152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA frequently as from those of older people. See that you don't subscribe

to any such nonsense. There may

evilbe least until in the world—at

the millennium dawns, but can what about US? we

do something about it, and we'd better! Good must be kept in the

ascendency. It musn't be mired by

the lackadaisical.

there is that Then, other amazing challenge to governing adults reason given for tolerating evil A that the tax money which we get, 1$M sending forth a plea to our parents, teachers, friends, neighfrom liquor and tobacco, for inbors, and social and public leaders for the leaders of tomorrow.

stance, can be to used such good to trying to us? are do you Whatpurpose. tax can money Any be liquor a in town, store here not have say new why You

is to true.used good purpose—that

store church, place old in the or building or any from any across it is is or not anotherWhether question. But it is not the big the dealers want one? If the city council will use the money on

will, If drink, line, not? going are to you a water you why newquestion. big question and The

in far to the business go. not keep matter have you its no how Why in are basicanswer hidden economit for of side will the the the most money good do where town

ics. Surely are young people you

is if or that son too your daughter say welfare? town's Youbright to spot enough them and

is in the will, store drink, to your matter she whether no goingpoint them out to your elders.

all in there. five or six miles from in the all you or So one townTaxes, great, are no matter how

is store liquor objection, soon too don't and a new much make isnever wealth. Useful production

wealth, and useless production is added. But all these are selfish reasons. "THINK ABOUT US"waste, and harmful production is

worse than waste for the tax dollars is the plea all the youth of America is calling. But do you? No!

which may be salvaged for good are You think about more money for a new sidewalk in town, a new hopelessly lost in the total devastawater system which may be needed but which will not be properly tion of time, materials, and lives. used with a liquor store close at hand, also the son you said

is only about twentyThere are other illogical excuses. would drink no matter how far he had to go

You are old enough to see them five, and he has quite a habit set although he is your "baby."

clearly for what they are. You are Certainly those things which are really excuses may sound

young and bright enough to know right to you if people have almost given up hope of teaching you that the answer to evil, wherever not to drink or smoke. But what about us, the youth you are

feel it's wrong, but when we see ourwe find it, is not in the hands of any still trying to teach? We

age or generation, but in the power neighbors do it and have the store before us every day, what are of truth—which is open to all ages we to believe?

is anotherand all generations. You are young To give us, the youth, a chance to see the world

will given. to see the are reason have son some way things "My knowenough—and old enough—to this liquor to object store"I don't too the day, so much new wasthat the welding any power of

is ninegroup is not its age, but the truth it excuse given by some of these men. Maybe your son who

accepts. teen or twenty and has a knowledge of how evil these things are

will not feel anything but disgust when he sees his idol take a

Use truth as your yardstick. Do few of, his friends out to the car or to his home to see what he

not be troubled, or confused, or has out there. But what will happen to your son of ten? Has he

distressed. Do not be dismayed if been taught enough in school, Primary, and Sunday School about

your "idols have clay feet or if alcohol along with numbers, alphabet, and adding and subtracting, those in whom you place your trust, to know his favorite uncle or neighbor is doing harm when he sees fail you. Measure life, even in its him indulge? Does he know then how much damage the movie

minutest details, by the principles queen does to her beauty every time she lights a cigaret or how you know to be right. But do not the alcohol she seemingly pours out would make her act if she

do it with a sense of betrayal. Do took the kind of drink that it looks like? Or does she ever get a

it with the gay courage of youth. look at the true condition of his favorite policeman or gangbuster

Speak up. Talk with your parents. in all the changes of the camera.

Talk with your age groups. Talk

with your teachers and your bishops. "VTow I'm getting just old enough to face some of these things.

Write to your representatives The dances with their drinkers and smokers, cafes full of your businessmen, your mayors, smoke, the boy with liquor on his breath who asks the girl for your governors, your congressmen. a dance, the different crowds that we could join for "fun,"and

Be articulate; be alert! in every way just about on our own on a social basis with only

Cultivate judgment and show that our own standards to decide for us which of these are wrong and you are interested in fine things. If which right. I say "we"because I am certain that I am not the

a movie is good, pass the word [Concluded on page 182) (Concluded on page 190) MARCH 1948 153 liwMii

1. Km

'Amalickiah, now king of the Lamanites, raged and cursed and swore a great oath against Moroni."

SYNOPSIS made it into a banner, calling it the Title of Liberty, and calling on all to rise to its

RJulek and his servant, Omer, were defense. Mulek found himself consumed

*"*''hunting when Mulek was rushed by a with jealousy. Before he could join with

raging boar and his leg severely injured beAmalickiah, he received a note from Sarah, fore Omer could kill the wounded animal. who had him drugged so that he would be

kept from the folly of joining in the rebelperversity strange the of thought of He MULEK entitled to lion. put him fate who was that had

posiinferior region in ruler an the be a of his captains and their men and made he entered tion. Zarahemla. loved As He Chapter III of opposition. a show that note to city, one of amused the he was

Helaman, Shiblon, brother priests, of the his forces however, were When, he was had what known Moroni adpriest the church, was over high chief his and Moroni by called a confronted for he doing when resist not could crowd. dressing Mulek a his army, he Nephite abandoned allegiance of from covenant in'asking was him, whether he mocking

deed a prophet. Shiblon answered: "Thou the people—nor was it a day too plan to fight, left his soldiers to treat

hast asked whether I am a prophet, I will soon. Already Amalickiah had dewith Moroni as best they could, and

tell thee. If it be God's will, thou shalt veloped his plans to the point where with a few favorites fled to the land

without goest thou thing whenknow this the Lamanites. of Nephi and Moto the grave threat a he presented

for resources without applaud, tofriends of his followers roni those spared little nation. security Given a of the soul, humbled sick in andwickedness, body

to the dust."Mulek shrugged his shoulders more time, he must certainly have who would sign the covenant. The

and limped away, thinking of Amalickiah, a thrown the nation into vicious civil few who would not accept the graman of tremendous powers and winning war, if not positive slavery. When cious offer were forthwith executed

stirring up widespread wasmanners who the young captain moved with such as enemies of the nation.

Moroni, government.interest in a reform of

young chief captain of the armies of the suddenness, the traitor's plans were Moroni then threw himself into a

Nephites, had taken his own cloak and thwarted. Nevertheless, he called program with more zeal than had

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ever driven even Mulek himself, but some years before utterly destroyed national horizon? Mulek was filled

it was a different kind from that by the Lamanites, was by the time with bitterness.

pursued by the young idler. of Moroni about half rebuilt when One day it occurred to him that

Moroni wholly forgot himself in one day there descended upon it, perhaps he should alter his activithe need of his people. He began to an army of the dark warriors from ties. Perhaps if he contributed somestrengthen the fortifications of the the south. thing to the national effort, which

land. Walls were built about most But this time the city stood. Her seemed to be the whole concern of

of the cities. Embankments of earth defenses were too novel, too strong, the people, it would help him to rewere thrown up everywhere, with her defenders too well armed and gain some of his lost reputation.

fences on top of them, and even protected. The Lamanites fought He began then, not, indeed, to

pickets atop the fences. Along the with fury, throwing themselves work—he did not like to work—-but

walls the men constructed towers hopelessly and uselessly against the to buy himself the approval of the from which they could fight with litramparts. They could do nothing people. He gave support and spontle danger to themselves. but die, and in the end they gave up sorship to any and all movements

their design, returning to their own that required money rather than ef-'"Throughout the entire land of land. fort. He spent extravagantly. He

Zarahemla there were scenes of courted favor; he sought suggestions

such feverish activity as the land Amalickiah, now king of the that would enable him to exhibit had never before known. New arms Lamanites, raged and cursed evidences of his newfound enthuwere made, many of them of new and swore a great oath against Mosiasm. His silver patriotism became

kinds; armor was forged everyroni. From that time on it became a golden. Wherever Moroni went to

where. Soldiers were recruited and race to determine which nation set in motion his wise projects, there

trained. The trails on which the could work faster and more effecalso Mulek went to give them his

Lamanites might come were blocked tively. backing. He came to welcome comoff with obstacles to progress. Moroni was everywhere. He went parison, to encourage it.

Nothing was left undone which from land to land and from city to Yet the one who cared nothing for would in any way contribute to the city, encouraging, instructing, pleadfame came to be universally acsecurity of the people of the Neing. He strengthened fortresses, reclaimed, while he who lived for it

phites. paired walls, gathered soldiers, built only came in time to realize that it

In all this Moroni was the moving cities. could not be purchased. Such is the

spirit, a national favorite, a hero of In the south and east, near the fancy of the public mind.

the first importance. And in all this territories of the Lamanites, he One day there came into the land

Mulek was forgotten. He became caused a lovely city to be conand into the capital a report that

at first piqued and peevish, then structed which was named in his filled everyone with wonder and angry and stubborn. honor. Other cities also were thrown with panic. The Lamanites, with

the land. throughout that should up was Moroni, he What Amalickiah at their as head—proud idolized?be not wealthy; too went Mulek He was about, with equal a bellowing peacock and like a bull

birthhe dancing, of lower boating, hunting. energy, was than Mulek; into coming the southern—werehis education playing. better; his no was There were some who still cities lands, and coming in such

talents of no higher order. Yet he consorted with him and shared his numbers that their strength could

not be even estimated. They came like

wolves upon the flock. They flowed

like some tremendous flood suddenly let loose. Nothing could stand

before them.

For the first time in their entire national history the Nephites were in danger of being utterly defeated.

By J. N. WASHBURN pOR a long time after that neverto-beforgotten evening Mulek

was in every mind, his name on activities, but the old excitement was was of two minds regarding Sarah every tongue. And Mulek, to whom lacking. The stimulation which had and the basis on which he should

adulation was as the breath of life, formerly fed his spirit was almost meet her again after she had prewas forgotten. entirely gone. Mulek could not fail vented his meeting Amalickiah. For

Mulek fretted and fumed, trying to observe the universal respect, aldays he pondered the problem, durto think up new ways of making most reverence, with which the caping which time he remained coldly himself popular. Was it always to tain was regarded. He was unable aloof from her. Elements in the

be Moroni? Did he have to hear the to understand why he should surfer problem were extremely delicate and

name everywhere he went? It was so in comparison with the other. subtle. There seemed little doubt

maddening. Was he not as handsome? Was he that Sarah had saved him from pubIt was well that Moroni had taken too not known far and wide in the lic censure, if nothing more, from

thought for his people's safety, for land? Why should he so suddenly probable loss of favor, which would

the Lamanites too were busy with and so completely pass into insighave been extremely distasteful to their preparations for conquest. nificance simply because a favorite him, from possible imprisonment or

The western city of Ammonihah, of the chief judge moved across the {Concluded on page 156)

MARCH 1948 155 Mulek oi Zarahemla poor and unfortunate, to dream These Times (Concluded from page 155) dreams of better times to come, to (Concluded from page 131) even death. Should he not thank her praise the beautiful and envy the should undertake the task, but, only,

for this and bless her devotion? notorious. which agency of the government?

On the other hand, he resented Mulek, his plans maturing, went People who want to understand these strongly, not his having missed the among his fellows to put his protimes might take their bearings from say, Shall point. this vantage we called operation. into on gram Heappointment, in the but manner

individualist of theory for the alas of the friend Laban, a one named it.which missed he should a What the internaenterprise? economic On city, the of wealthy young men who circumstances? such underman do individualism front meant pure tional

At last he convinced himself that he greeted him warmly, and discussed free trade. And despite lip service to

had more for which to be angry than with him current matters. Adam Smith and the disciples of

to be thankful. He felt that he had Suddenly Mulek said, "I am told economic liberty, private businesses

been humiliated far more deeply that you have but lately bought a have hemmed themselves into a net than public 'reproach could ever new boat."Laban's interest flamed. of their own making! Acceptance of

have humiliated him. He had been "Yes,"he answered with enthulaissez faire in the purest sense means

taken for a fool and a coward. Had siasm, "in the land of Bountiful is a that the State abandon selfsufficiency;

he been publicly disgraced, he could man called Hagoth who builds most instead of freedom within tariff or have returned stare for stare; he cunningly craft of all kinds. This other regulatory walls, the doctrine infree to individual be sisted that the is designed a new one, recently disdainfulcould have been and sugoods. But with his boundaries cross It is beautiful beconstructed. andperior, fed his spirit could have by triumphed, has nationalist theory the

justification, by fighting back, by yond words; I could not come away generally. Can we save what is left

making explanations. All this was without it."of economic individualism?

in despair cried "Laban,"Mulek denied him. one what knewnow No the: Marshall enough, /uriously in of the flame ecstasy, fan "you and the except Sarah happenedhad and

this state enterprise, has Plan, a curiosity desire. provoke You my myservants. looks the see knowing To its objectives! of In logic major as one

till I Is myself. contain hardly can theirin insupporteyes be would is life itself is this paradoxical. But

able.. this new boat fast?"a paradox. Perhaps the current AmeriIt was his first real humiliation, "Fast?"Laban's eyes fairly can policy embraces enough contrathe first for which he had no brilburned. "It is the fastest thing dictions to conform to the contradicliant answer, the first he could not afloat."tions of life in the American and

carry off with a high hand, and he "Do you think so? Is it faster European communities, and thus salfelt monstrously affronted. The than my Sarahl"vage some measure of economic inthing had been so presumptuous, so The lights danced in Laban's dividualism, with its political and

clever, so lacking in understanding. eyes. "Yes,"he cried, "she is faster spiritual benefits, by means of governit important action! But mental more I will Sarah. your even wager than pride mocked. His been had

that is governmental to remember it. on in his eyes,Henceforth, and own governaction American by the

will "I out his hand. put still, Mulek in in Sarah, eyes the ofworse of an partake should always ment

the eyes, of the tooknowing servwager you ten thousand senines unusually significant nature. The reaants 'he would be a child, a chattel, that your darling cannot defeat my sons for this cannot be enlarged here,

d pieceof property. It could not Sarah."but they are summarized in John Taypass; it was a mortal insult. Laban clapped his hands and lor's phrase previously referred to in

He put his wits to work at once jumped from his seat. He was as this column, that "the Constitution of

... was the enteron a scheme to pay her fully and in ardent a sportsman as the other but the United States

kind, something equally subtle and had far less presence and dignity. ing wedge for the introduction of /a

devastating. "I will accept your wager,"he new era, and in it were introduced

organizabirth the and principles for shall declared. make we "When the Perhaps world."tion a new of east to was, the'"There north and it trial Shall beauties? be of the our

the noble achieve can Plan Marshall city, of the stretch long a where hence?"seven days chapter, a of inaugurating destiny newthe clear, wide, Sidon and was consider. to seemed Mulek inspired that of mankind, to in service

if, after restfulsmooth, as body, a the after of United replied soon,"Constitution so he "Not charter—theits descent the southern rough from loftier could be no States. There re- "I a a minor have few moment.

mountains, the stream settled down pairs to make on the Sarah. It will political objective than this, properly

for a little time to catch its breath take somewhat longer than that."understood, whether from federalism

before battling with the eastern sea. In the end he named a date, and as a world pattern, or civil liberty for

It was a shimmering vista that none Laban, though impatient, willingly the individual.

saw or passed 'without lingering.

The cool blue water stirred in one agreed to it. something far more sensational,

and all, dreams, thoughts, hopes, or "I will do it,"he said excitedly. something vastly more to be confears. "Such a race as it will be!"sidered. It was something that reIt was there that the people went Mulek's reluctance to meetLaban quired more than a week, for in

for relaxation and rest, for sport, in a week was not due to any repairs order for his plans to mature fully it and public notice. Bathing, boating, that his boat needed. It was ready was necessary to have publicity, to

sunning, gossiping were the timeto sail at a moment's notice. have word of the race get about, to

honored pastimes. There the rich The thing that was not ready was have the assurance that everyone

went to display their finery; the the background. It was not a boat who was anyone would be on hand.

beautiful, to bask in notoriety; the race Mulek was planning; it was ( To be continued)

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I IV Ol FROM TEMPLE SQUARE By RICHARD L. EVANS

n i/faw go—if that's where he wants to go. But where we can counsel and safeJhe Vvfaklyia of a road that leads where he wants to neither we nor they can control.

Neither here nor hereafter shall we guard and wisely control, we have

THE fact that we aspire to things suddenly become something that we an obligation to do so. Few things

which are at present beyond our are not, with qualities we have not that matter much can be safely left reach is one of the factors that earned, or enjoying a way of life to chance. The farmer's crops, for

makes eternal progress possible. But we are not fitted for. In man's eterexample, are subject to many unif we were merely to aspire and let nal march, what we shall be tomorcertainties. But a wise farmer

the matter rest there, we would not row and tomorrow will be the sum doesn't leave them at the mercy of likely move ourselves or the world of all our past, plus what we do chance if he can avoid it. He doesn't

very much. Often, and especially with today. let pests and parasites and other

when we are young, we see some-—January 4, 1948. undesirable elements make inroads

one playing a great part, and we if he can keep them out. And if he

wish we could play a great part also, does leave too much to chance, he but without much thought as to Lshlldren and (chance may have a crop of weeds. And any

what goes into the making of a man. business that is left to chance is

We often overlook the years of Almost everyone, it would seem, likely soon to become insolvent.

struggle, of selfdenial, and the perhas his own ideas on the care And there is no more important sistency of purpose that must preand counsel of children. For some, business before us, none with more

cede any worthwhile achievement. the process does not mean much farreaching consequences to our

We look where we'd like to be, and more than providing the physical own happiness and to the happiness become impatient with long preparanecessities—if that. For others, it of generations to come, than the

tion. We wish the distance would means minutely prescribing everyguiding and the safeguarding of our

itself. shorten see thing. questionablesomehow are Both It is We exchildren. that written there was

to besomething want tremes. we suddenly 'Perhaps one can say no his flocks for cared and a man who

come, and look for ways to eliminate with finality just how far we should his fields, and for his stocks and the preliminaries and prerequisites. go in either direction, because chilhis bonds, with great care, but who

We want our dreams to take subdren differ, and so< do parents, and didn't know so much about where stance right now. But it isn't the so do circumstances. But this it his children went or what they saw

nature of things for us suddenly to would surely be safe to say: that or what they heard or whom they

become something that we are not. the shaping of the thoughts and were with. It is not written, how-

A man is what he is because of what characters and lives of children ever, that he was a wise man. We

he has been and what he has done. should not be left too much to have an obligation to be ever alert

We have to live the part we want chance. It isn't possible for us; to to all that pertains to our children.

to play. A life in time or eternity is insulate them from all unlookedfor And the less of this we leave to

a composite of all that has gone into influences, nor, perhaps, would it chance, the more we fill their lives its making. Persistent smallness of always be desirable. But if we with the right things, the less room

spirit here and now means smallness leave their lives too exposed, we there will be for the wrong things.

of spirit hereafter. Indolence and inissue an open invitation to chance.—January 11, 1948.

difference now mean that we shall And what comes in at the open realize the rewards of indolence and door may not be what it should be.

indifference in times to come. Work To be sure, many things are going

and effort in the right direction are to come into their lives anyway that popular \Jplniimovv the only means by which we move in the right direction. In other Come time ago someone coined a

wTords, a man must begin to be what popular phrase: "Fifty million

he would like to be—if that's what Frenchmen can't be wrong."This

he wants to be. He must travel the is one way of saying that what

"Revised (Concluded on page 158)

T Teard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- * * wide radio network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

MARCH 1948 157

THE SPOKEN WORD The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 157) some reservations, for armies aren't (Concluded from page 133) is Fast a comparatively Sunday new think people must be true.many likely retreat before reaching innovation. of older the memManySuperficially this sometimes might their secas the objectives—exceptto of the bers Church remember when

let's to rule. a safe be lookseem But it of choices. often has ond two But first the of Thursday each month was

littlea history In deeper: the of that that rearmies have happened fast as day. observed changed It was

warfare hundreds of millions of treated, whether "according to plan"to Sunday by the First Presidency and men have fought hundreds of milor otherwise, have later come back the Council of the Twelve on Novemlions of other men. With some exto redeem the day. This pattern has ber 5, 1896.

ceptions and reservations, both sides its parallel in life. Often events On January 23, 1921, a special fast

the throughout Church. day was held right. theyhave thought were On to "according don't move plan"—at to the According from the message that major issue hasevery ever come least plans. to our not according

First the contributions Presidency were the the as far asbefore world back retreat. to are have There And we to to go millions of goes, haverecord men all ourselves of times us find when

.. Relief East"the "Near Fund which in millions of otheropposed men situacircumstances with faced and is distress in. dealing prevailing with the

their opinions. Among the interesttions that we never would have Armenia and in other oppressed sections of

for also Asia, Relief and the European the devicesing of our day are greatly often are polls chosen. And we

is planning Council which to provide food polls public opinion. would Suchof sure disappointed. But can be we for three million half children and a hungry

seem to have a number of effects. that we aren't the only ones who in midEurope.

One is to find out what people are have to retreat, that we aren't the More recently special fast day servthinking, and another is to influenceonly ones who have upsets and adices have been called in localized areas, seeking such blessings as rainpeople to think what other people versities. We sometimes see peoare thinking. Not many men like to ple who seem gay and glamorous for droughtstricken crops. In the

be alone in their views. It would aland successful, and who apparently thirties Welfare Square in Salt Lake

reCity on contributions begun was to be commore alwaysmost seem have had no real ceived from fast day for a special trend popular the fortable to follow appointments. Wedifficultiessee the orbravedispurpose. the

if we can do so without violating our front, the smooth surface. But evown principles. And so we poll the eryone has his battle scars inside, American Falls Stake

opinion of others. But suppose that even if they aren't outwardly ap- 'T'he American Falls Stake of the

1 February organized Church was misled. Multibeen have menmany escapes. parent. no man And No of direction Elders under the 1948, milopinion plying a false by many little the of matter know we how Petersen and E. Henry D. Moyle Mark

it or wiser any lions does not make let of, others, retreats no trials and the of Council the Twelve. of

sounder or safer. Fifty million one of us ever assume that he is the This, the one hundred seventieth

wrong ideas don't add up to wisonly one who has known heaviness stake of the Church, consists of the dom. They merely add up to an of heart or who has had his days of Rockland and American Falls wards,

appalling error. True, fifty million disappointment and deep despondwhich were taken from the West

Pocatello Stake; and the Aberdeen, opinions may make an idea popular. ency. We just don't get in and out

Multiplying opinions may assure of this world without our share of Springfield, and Sterling wards, taken popularity even to a false proposidifficulties and disappointments. But from the Blackfoot Stake.

sustained R. was George Woolley are misguided, if millions tion. But that life doesn't always the fact

this stake in the president of as new still misguided. they are to our plans, according To conmove with Ralphs of Idaho, the state T. Leonard be to concede otherwise would cede retreat, doesn't to fact that have we first counselor, as and Frederick W, philosophy and false the old forces can't our gather that we that mean as second counselor. Riley

might is right. And we know what again. If old plans have had to be A ward was first organized in Amerithat has done to the world. Truth is pushed aside, we must make new can Falls, Idaho, the city from which

no respecter of quantity. It is a ones. That's the way life is lived by the stake now takes its name, on Derespecter only of verity. And if one more people than we shall ever cember 22, 1907.

man's opinion is wrong to begin know. Retreat may be necessary, American Falls was the first stake

with, it doesn't become right just but it need not be final. And to those to be organized in the Church in 1948.

the during organized stakes were popular. Merely it becomes because reEight this lesson, learned have who in 1947. again 1946 The and year doesn't mean mistakes multiplying is does treat he has one when what organization the for of year record If others mistakes. aren't that they again. begins before he to—just is 1877, in the year the stakes Church

them. it is follow to safe right, are died, in Brigham Young—January 25, 1948. President

it safe, isn't aren't, no matter If they organized. were which ten stakes

how many millions there are.

Sunday School Board—January 18, 1948. /General Superintendent Milton

Bennion has announced the appointment of Beth Hooper to the general board of the Deseret Sunday etreat School Union. Miss Hooper has been

a Sunday School teacher, an assistant the recent of communiques the N in the Salt choir organist Lake City I of armies often read reHighland and Park war Ward, a member we treating "according to plan."Of of the Sunday School stake board in

course we received such reports with the Granite and Highland stakes.

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the ghost towns of the West tell much that this generation has forgotten. But,

the gem of the volume is the journal of Louisa Barnes Pratt, wife of TIN &&kstsCt4*\& JE Jx Addison Pratt, pioneer missionary to the Pacific Islands. It is a notable,

WHAT TRUTH IS Jacob Hamblin accepted the gospel beautiful, and sincere picture of life, (N. L. Nelson. Stevens and Wallis, in Nauvoo days; came with the Church beginning more than a hundred years

Salt Lake City. 208 pages. $2.50.) to the valleys of the mountains; settled ago, and reciting the conversion to the

life in Professor N. L. Nelson, vigorous in Tooele, where he gained his first Church in New England, then

explainer and defender of the reIndian experiences; was called on a the early Church, in Nauvoo, Tahiti,

stored gospel, planned late in life a mission to the southwestern Indians; San Francisco, San Bernardino, and

three volume exposition of the joysettled first in Santa Clara; was called the valleys of the mountains. Written

intelligent the heart of of an womto go to Kanab, and later to build up out intelligence lies imphilosophy which it an, classic. treasured a becomes Arizona. northern teachings of the bedded in the Lord

Jesus Christ. Death overtook him as He had only one objective in his Congratulations upon this volume to

the of Daughters and Utah Pioneers, teach the Indians the gospel this, first finishing work—to volume. the he was

its president, to capable Mrs. Kate Christ. of dealt Therefore, Jesus he truth In pursuit the of the about man

B. Carter.—/. A. W. with in the savages of a spirit honest disin his universe, the the place and

cussion falls into four main divisions; love, killed none, and none molested

Preexistence and the Natural World, him; but he became as "Father Jacob,"RELIGIOUS RADIO

the AdamEden Epoch, the Test of the friend and wise counselor of the What To Do And How

Application, and the Unraveling of many tribes. (Everett C. Parker, Elinor Inman,

Mysteries. The resulting seventynine As this excellent, gripping, welland Ross Snyder. Harper & Brothers,-

short chapters, written in trenchant documented history is told, Jacob New York City. 1948. 262

English, challenge the thinking of Hamblin rises to his proper place as a pages. $3.00.)

every intelligent reader, whether or significant figure in western pioneer HPhis book, authored by three capable is It writer. the not agrees with he A. W. and conscientious people, history.—/. Everett after stimulating an read to always Parker, C. Director of the Joint Reintelligent, faithful truth. after searcher LET'S IT RIGHT COOK ligious Radio Committee; Elinor Inis this the a reasoning In case from (Adelle Davis. Harcourt, Brace and man, Director of Religious Broadcasts, fully the accepted Joseph man who Company, York. 626 New Columbia Broadcasting System; and help, divine through Prophet, who, pages. $3.00. Snyder, Ross Associate Professor of filled in truth eternal a world restored Religious valuable and new Education rTTHE cookbook of the by University error. with A. J. W. of Chicago, is Adelle makes a major Davis unusual contribution in a most

stating and applying excellent it All the principles recipes way: conin that HAMBLIN,JACOB should be taken into tains use the only account that foods build a when APOSTLEBUCKSKIN has man a in message health that the body, yet he delifeels they are is (Paul Bailey. Westernlore, Los

of radio cious presentation. and satisfying. are There over worthy This Angeles. 1948. 408 pages. $4.50.)

far book goes basic beyond 350 recipes with over what its 3,000

This fulllength biography of Jacob variations of them! It also contains would suggest. The principles it protitle

Hamblin (the first yet published) many suggestions for selecting the mulgates are not confined to religious is really the thrilling story of the heroic most nourishing foods at the least cost. radio. For those who have need of

people who explored and made serviceIts many instructions on how to keep such a work, it will be useful, informable the lessknown outposts of the the body in health, while eating deliative, and, we hope, far reaching in its

West. It centers upon the socalled cious food, make it invaluable for influence. R. L, E.Colorado river country—home of the maintaining maximum health and hapcolorful, the andNavajos Hopi—silent, piness for every family. of the member THE STORY OF THE terits in broken forbiddingweirdly its is Therefore, heartily use most BOOK OF MORMON the for Hamblin,races. Jacob Here all for recommended homemakers who (Florence Pierce. Salt lifetime, the City, explored of a Lakebetter part the desire their well being families. of Utah. Published the by as villages, author, build and helpedcountry, special bride's edition has A pages. also 442 $3.00.) Indians, the friend ofIndian and agent prepared. L. been D. W.

prevented many a bloody episode benpHlS book is the complete text of the men. the white red the and He oftween Book retold Mormon in story THROBS HEART OF WEST, THE first the white form. It colleagues is wereand his so simply done as to be VIII Volume

: the Coloto cross Escalante within after themen understanding of young and B. Carter. (Kate Daughters of Utah the old. chief to scout therado; After he was each of the thirtytwo chapPioneers. 1947. pages. 455 $2.50.) his survey; river ters are ColoradoPowell several illustrations with good successive axe Heart Throbs '"The of adin the Mountain Meadows explanations,ranch seventytwo all, in of

joined the place of the terrible masperennial interest and enjoyment existing ruins of the civilizations of sacre, which might have been avoided to all lovers of the West. Here, as ancient America. These pictures are

had he been home at the time; he was befits the year, is a full list of the unique and increase greatly the value

associated in some way with nearly all pioneers who entered the valley in of the volume. The inside covers also

the historic events, some long forgotten 1847. The sections on pioneer fashcontain a good map of Mexico and

and now brought to light, which made ions and clothing are evidence that Central America, showing the cities up the turbulent history of the Mormon when the pioneers "dressed up,"they thought by many to be some of those southwest. Adventure and romance were well dressed. Albert Carrington's mentioned in the Book of Mormon. It

move as blood brothers, under the audiary throws new and intimate light is an intelligently prepared successor thor's skilful pen across the pages of on the early Stansbury investigations of the author's book, the Golden the book. of the Great Salt Lake. The story of Plates.—]. A. W.

MARCH 1948 159 itotta person is naturally religious. Men misunderstand

Not Naturally Religious religion when they believe or assert that it con- (From The Improvement Era, Volume sists only of outward expressions, or external acts

IX, Parti) of penitence; on the contrary, he is in possession

Come people persist in saying, on occasion, that of true religion whose inner, underlying spirit and they are not naturally religious. Do they mean motive prompts him to perform all that is good.

by this that attending meetings, taking part in Hugh Latimer, the reformer and martyr, well said:

ward worship, teaching and preaching, are not "For religion, pure religion, I say standeth not in congenial to them? Or, do they mean more? Perwearing a monk's cowl, but in righteousness,

haps the moral restrictions governing an active justice, and welldoing."

worker in the Church are not congenial to them. I dislike, therefore, to hear a young man, who

They reason that it is better to make no pretenpossesses these qualities, and who has an inner sions than to make more than one can live up to; spirit prompting him to right conduct and virtue,

and so they excuse themselves by declaring they announce that naturally he is not religious. I beare naturally not religious. Hence, they often go lieve that as a rule all the sons and daughters of

I hear to the other extreme, and make their argument an the Latterday Saints are religious. When

excuse for doing and saying things that are against our young men say that they are not naturally so, the laws of our Father in heaven. They are not I am inclined to believe they do not understand

religious; hence, smoking, swearing a little, drinktheir own declaration. I wonder whether they

ing, and other evils, are not considered out of place mean to condemn themselves as being unrighteous, with them. These things may not be done by an unjust, full of evildoing, and in possession of a

active member of the Church, however, without spirit of evil; or whether they simply mean that

severe condemnation from men who would not they are indeed religious but do not appear outcensure themselves for like actions. The reason wardly so. But if they are in possession of the

sometimes assigned is that one class is said to be Spirit of God, which is true in most cases I verily religious, the other not. believe, why should they not both appear to be,

But religion is not outward show and pretense, and be so in reality? Godliness need not be clothed

and being religious does not altogether consist in in the garb of evil, nor guile paraded in the dress compliance with outward forms, even when these of virtue. Form and feeling should go hand in

are the ordinances of the gospel. Neither is it an hand. What outwardly appears to be, that should

unfailing sign that a person is conscientious who exist in man's innermost heart.

takes an active part in organizations of the Church. The Church's outward ordinances and requireEvil men may use these for selfish and wicked purments are but necessary—yet they are necessaryposes. I have known men who joined our organizaaids to the inner spiritual life. The Church itself,

tions for such ends, and men who have been bapits organization, meetings, ordinances, requiretized who never repented. Their membership and ments, are only helps, but very necessary helps, to their baptism not only did not make them religious the practice of true religion—-schoolmasters to dibut also made them worse scoundrels than they rect us in the way of eternal light and truth.

were before, because of their hypocrisy and evil Young men, do not say that you are not naturalpretense. This, however, is no argument against ly religious, and so make that an excuse for evil

the requirement of baptism and its necessity for deeds and forbidden acts, and for not identifying all who enter the Church of Christ, nor is it an yourselves with the organizations of the Church, evidence that to be a member of the organizations and by such course, perhaps, smothering the Spirit one must make false pretensions. of God within you, possessed as a birthright or

Then what is religion? James declares: "Pure received through the servants of the Lord by the

religion and undefiled before God and the Father imposition of hands. Be rather religious both in

is this, To visit the fatherless and widows in their appearance and in reality, remembering what true affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the religion means. Even as the testimony of Jesus

world."(James 1:27.) This may be interpreted as is the spirit of prophecy, so is the possession of

meaning that a person who is religious is thoughtthe knowledge that you love purity, righteousness, ful to the unfortunate and has an inner spirit that honesty, justice, and welldoing, an indisputable prompts to deeds of kindness, and to the leading evidence that you are naturally religious. Search

of a blameless life; who is just, truthful, who does your hearts, and you will find deep down that you

not, as Paul says, think more highly of himself possess this knowledge. Then encourage its growth

than he ought to think, who is affectionate, patient and development, to the gaining of your own in tribulation, diligent, cheerful, fervent in spirit, salvation. The Church and its quorums and orhospitable, merciful, and who abhors evil and ganizations will help you, and the living, loving

cleaves to that which is good. The possession of God will add his bounteous blessings.- Joseph F.

such a spirit and feeling is a true sign that a Smith.

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CXXL ow a emiberdnlp and The revelation details somewhat fully, and with iP much beauty of language, the conditions that place people in each of these kingdoms. Those of the

Lxaltation in the Lelestlal celestial, the place where God and Christ dwell, jKinqdomif i5e 1/1/on: haveChurch.acceptedThose Jesusof the andterrestrialthe ordinancesdied withoutof thehis

Tt is a basic gospel doctrine that every person, law, or were not valiant in the testimony of Jesus.

Those of the telestial kingdom did not receive Jesus except a very few, will be saved. It is an equally

but were content to follow falsehood. basic doctrine that salvation is graded. Every

person will be placed in the hereafter according These kingdoms, though very different, are to his works. filled with the children of God the Father. Though

These truths had been forgotten in the dark those of the lower kingdom have not shown themages of apostasy. It was then commonly believed selves worthy of the fulness of salvation, yet the

that the sinner would forever remain in a torturing love of the Father envelops them. Even the glory

hell and that all who escaped that place of unof the lowest,4 the telestial, "surpasses all underending misery would receive equal places in God's standing."

kingdom. Soon after the coming of the RestoraTo an apostate world this was a new conception

tion a glorious manifestation revealed anew the of God and his relationship to his children on ancient truths. While Joseph Smith and Sidney earth. It raised God to a new height in the thoughts

Rigdon were engaged in the revision of the Bible. of men. It invited a new love of men for their

it became "apparent"to them, "that many imEternal Father, a firmer response through righteous portant points touching the salvation of man had works to his love for us. The malignant god of

been taken from the Bible or lost before it was the apostasy was removed from the fears of hucompiled. It appeared selfevident from what manity.

truths were left, that if God rewarded every one Nevertheless, there remained the punishment according to the deeds done in the body, the term that one in the lower kingdoms might by another 'Heaven,'as intended for the Saints'eternal: home, mode of life have received and enjoyed a higher

must include more kingdoms than one."While glory. The eternal memory, though terrible, is

pondering upon this matter, the vision, known as a more reasonable punishment than the fiery furSection 76 in the Doctrine and Covenants, was renace taught through generations of time by false ceived. It threw a flood of light upon the nature teachers.

of God, and his dealings with his children on Moreover, those who are assigned to the lower earth. kingdoms have so lived, so misused their opporIn essence, this notable vision or revelation extunities, that they could not adapt themselves to

plains that all except the sons of perdition will be the prevailing conditions in the higher kingdoms.

saved. The traditional hell with its threats of Their very capacities, by their own acts, have been

fire and brimstone, and of unending torture, has changed to fit a lower glory. They would not be

no existence. But the degree of salvation will happy in a higher kingdom. They are unprepared

vary with the just desserts of those who appear for association with those whose lives have been for judgment. Those who in life, or in the later in accord with God's truth. As we have made ourspiritual domain, deliberately did evil, or refused selves, so shall our judgment be.

to comply with gospel requirements, would not It is further recorded that though these kingreceive the rewards given to the just and obedient. doms are separate, yet there is intercommunication

By his own works, every person would place himamong them. Those in the higher may minister

self in a higher or lower eternal home. "For they to those in the lower kingdoms. But, the reverse

shall be judged according to their works, and cannot be done. Those in the lower kingdom canevery man shall receive according to his own not enter a higher one."Wherever a child of

works, his own dominion, in the mansions which God may be placed, he is not forgotten. That is

are prepared."'not the Lord's way. It shows again the infinite,

These gradations in salvation may be innumernever-ending love of God for his children.

able, since all members of the human family are Despite this divine mercy, it must be rememdifferent. are gradations however The many shall that in the find hereafter though rebered we

celestial, the classes: the highthree to duced ( 1 )

it is in salvation the to one of kingdoms dangerous ( terrestrial, in glory; the the the of est, as sun 2 ) lives. sin to enter allow our speakBrigham Young

next, as of the earth; (3) the telestial, the lowest, ing upon this subject said as a warning: 8

as of the stars.

{Continued on page 189) History of the Church, 1:245

2Doctrine 5 Covenants, 76: ill "Doctrine 6 Covenants, 76:89

3See I Corinthians. 15:4041 Hbid.. 76:8687

MARCH 1948 161 Francisco's large hospitals for many Josephine B. Nichols

"When Do Yon Read years. Day after day she saw people brought in from horrible acciCtretch the meat and dollars. Give

Your Bible?"dents. Most of them were suffering your family plenty of good nourishbadly. She saw people die every ing food by using these meatextending

day. Her friends and relatives and meatless recipes—one for every

ice IKead often wondered how she could conday in the week. ILJlkj

tinue with her work year after year, \ LIKE to read my Bible early in taking only short vacations, without Monday the morning before other membreaking down herself. Rice Omelet

up,"are family of I bers my abiliis secret of the your "What milk cup like to down- "I come % me. toldSadie her. it?"to take I asked ty flour enriched 1 tablespoon the get breakfast, beginstairs and I is "It true see awful do salt some teaspoon 14 the I sit at down set.table Then cups cooked I brown rice replied. things,"she took 1J--2 "When

eggs, separated position,kitchen table and read a few chapthat to 3 up mind I made my 1 fat tablespoonters."help pato those that I could do all

"Is that why you always have so tients. I soon learned the way I Combine a small amount of milk with the

much enthusiasm early in the morncould do the most for them was to flour and mix to a smooth paste. Add resalt, mainder of milk the I and until cook asked.ing?"I rest of get plenty and sleep when

thickened. rice the in Heat the sauce; restart to "It help me to seems first hospital. the from my was At away heat from and move to wellbeaten add friend. continued right,"myday to I couldn't to bed, go I went when yolks. in stifflybeaten Fold the egg egg

"And I've asked God's help, in facsleep. I would lie there in the dark whites. Pour the mixture into a hot skillet

ing something I knew that I had to and think about what I had seen containing the fat. Heat the omelet slowly

lightly. brown and omelet is brown, corner at the When of my theredo, right that day."

for place under heat low or three mintwo table, before kitchen my familyown tell to "Don't had you me that is until lightly utes top browned. When downstairs."came tablets sleep,"to get to sleeping take omelet is done, spread cheese, with grated

The question, "When do you I said. jelly, creamed meat, or fish.

read your Bible?"has brought me "No, sleeping tablets would have

some very interesting answers. The worn out long ago. I arose one Tuesday

habit brings readingdaily Bible read ennight Bible and and took my Fish Baked in Vegetables to those inspiration andjoyment to I just turn for awhile. happened

halibut steaks 2 1 inch thick it. is pounds) (2 It surprising formedthat have I discovered the to Psalms. Soon

soft 2 cups bread crumbs Bibles their read people manyhow completely that mind was my salt 1 teaspoon in the sitting and timeat the same filled their beauty. with tablespoons I read for 2 chopped onion

same place, each day. an hour. Then I went to the kitch- 1 tablespoon minced parsley

"I always get home from work en, ate some food, and came back juice of 1 lemon butter melted cup or margarine sister,"of J4 ahead hour my anabout hour. another for almost read and 11ounce 2 cans condensed vegetable is apartment told me. "OurAgnes I to bed, I went back went When soup

I slip off then, so I tiredquiet. am at once. sleep almost to

stuffing of bread overcrumbs, melted in big Make a curl up and shoes it is,my I allate matter how "No stuffing seasoning. and beSpread front window. the chairstuffed by Bible before I go read ways my steaks. halibut in Place to tweenbutter, ovengreased table the is on always Bible it bedsideMy I keep sleep. on my platter proof or greased pan. with Now Cover

near the chair. I generally rest and table. I have found beauty and invegetable soup. Bake in moderate oven

read for fifteen minutes or half an spiration in the Bible that I never (350 F.) about thirty minutes.

hour. I feel more relaxed when I knew was there."

have finished, and the day's little Our Bible should be of a size that Wednesday irritations seem to be much smaller is easy to hold when we are resting Frosted Ground Meat Pies before."were theythan chair. print in should easy an The

\ beef ground pounds l/2 I I hear never why know "Now is it plain that large enough and be fresh ground pound pork x/2 things about complainingyou causing eyethat easily without read any salt teaspoon Y2

I office,"answered. the athappened salt onion teaspoon ]/2 It strain. kept our near be should

Agnes has formed a good habit favorite chair or where we can easi- 2 tablespoons grated onion that rests her body, her mind, and ly pick it up. 1 cup finely rolled cracker crumbs or dry

her nerves. Many of us would profit We should never read the Bible \/z cup tomatobread crumbsjuice

by doing the same thing after a busy with the idea of obtaining facts to x/i cup milk session at the office, the store, or the argue with. We will gain more com- 2 eggs

shop. fort and enjoyment if we read it 2 cups mashed potatoes

Velma was floor supervisor in with an open mind, ready to learn Combine meat, seasonings, cracker the emergency ward of one of San the great truths that it contains. crumbs, liquids, and eggs in a large bowl.

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mix until thoroughly blended. Pack into

one 9-inch pie pan, and bake in moderate oven (350 F.) fortyfive minutes, or until

done. Remove from oven and cover top

with mashed potatoes, roughly piling on with spoon. Return to oven and bake

fifteen minutes longer, or until potatoes are browned.

Thursday

Tuna Croquettes

1 cup thick white sauce 2 wellbeaten eggs 1 7-ounce can flaked tuna fish 1 tablespoon lemon juice l/i teaspoon salt pepper 2 cups seasoned, mashed potatoes 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 1 beaten egg 1 tablespoon water

Combine ingredients; mix thoroughly;

chill. Mold in fishsteak or coneshaped

croquettes; dip in egg diluted with water,

then in bread crumbs or crushed corn flakes. Brush with melted fat. Bake in

moderately hot oven (375 F.) until

brown, about twenty minutes.

Friday

Baked Lamb Loaf /

V/2 pounds ground lamb V/2 cups bread crumbs Uu&Vb iXKKMh rWYYh UHUb 1 cup milk 2 tablespoons minced green pepper 2 tablespoons chopped parsley 3 tablespoons grated onion I 1 cup cooked peas (YHamiao c3iu Ytapflkcu!

2 teaspoons salt J4 teaspoon pepper

Soak crumbs in milk and mix well with meat and all other ingredients. Pack into a A great many "Mama's''will understand this picture

loaf pan or ring mold. Bake for one and without a word of explanation. They'll be reminded of

onehalf hours in 300 oven. Serve with

creamed potatoes. clothes that are cleaner and whiter; of 'shorter'washdays;

Saturday less washing 'wear and tear.'Because they use

Lima Bean Scallop FelsNaptha Soap.

lJ/ cups dried lima beans You may want to try golden FelsNaptha, too, 3 cups water it removes dirt and stains that 2 teaspoons finely chopped onion when you know why 5 tablespoons shortening other laundry soaps can't budge. This mild, golden soap

4 tablespoons flour XYi teaspoons salt brings extra help to every washing job. The extra help

teaspoon pepper 14 of naptha. Gentle, active Fels naptha that loosens

1 cup canned evaporated milk % cup liquid drained from beans stubborn dirt—deep down in the fabric—so it can be

1 cup grated cheese 14 cup dry bread crumbs 'floated'away without harmful rubbing.

Soak beans overnight in water. Cook in Once you see a sparkling, fragrant FelsNaptha

theywater in soaked, which been have on wash on your line, you'll never want to until heatsimmer are beans tender (about two hours). Drain beans and save liquid. start another washday without the

Cook onion in shortening until tender but not brown. Blend in the flour and add the extra help of FelsNaptha Soap.

salt and pepper. Add the milk and three- <ry\*s

fourths cup liquid from the beans, stirring until thickened. Add cheese, stirring only

until cheese is melted. Put alternate layersof lima beans and cheese sauce into a /'Mtt9

greased casserole. Sprinkle with bread

crumbs. Bake for thirty minutes at 350 F. Golden bar or Golden chips FELSNAPTHA banishesTattleTale Gray"

(Concluded on page 164) MARCH 1948 163 COOK'S CORNER Spring Dress

[Concluded from page 163) round with moist stuffing. Bake in a mod- [Concluded from page 147)

Sunday erate oven (350) until brown. places on the horse and rubbed them

Cornbread Stuffing with her hand, the old Syrian

Southern Baked Hen started trying to get his shaky hand 6 tablespoons chicken fat 1 stewing hen % cup diced celery and leaves into his pocket, and he took out his 1 small onion grated pocketbook. From his eyes and

is legs groomed. dressed Tie and hen The cups cornbread of crumbled 4 out he tongue hands and made we

firmly close to Place body. on wingsand salt taste to pepper and his to tell trying us saved we'd was filled slightly kettle half with racka in a poultry seasoning teaspoon 14 asking horse he much and was how until tensalted water, cover and simmer 1 broth (for moist hot chicken cup

der—two to four hours depending on age stuffing) owed us.

and plumpness of hen. When tender, cool, "Owe us?"Mother said, "for getfat celery onion in the and more. in broth or hour Cook the anbreast down, a few ting a horse's legs unfastened?"

to seasonings bread is minutes. with stuffing as soon as hen ready AddHave hot

removed from broth. Stuff; place with crumbs and mix well. Moisten with hot The old peddler looked around at

breast up in a shallow open pan. Surbroth to desired consistency for stuffing. Mother and the girls. We could

see the grin under his gray mustache from the light of the lantern.

Then he began to fumble again Plan to Attend with his cold hands at the straps on one of the big black suitcases.

Amy and Ethel looked first at Mother, then at the old man's SUMMER clumsy hands, for it seemed he never would get it opened.

But he did, and he fished out the'SCHOOL flaming bolt of bright checkered at your calico and handed it to Mother.

it to her cheek, but she didn't speak. STATE SCHOOL She took it and kissed it and held

It wasn't natural for her not to

First Session of EDUCATION say thank you or something. But

JUNE 14 to JULY 23 when Ethel held the lantern up to

Post Session JUNE 14 to AUGUST 28 her face, we could tell she was too

JULY 26 to AUG. 28 happy.

Mother always did cry when she was happy, the same as she does

Special Features now, twenty years later, when one

WORKSHOPS AND INSTITUTES ofsunshinythe girlsspringcomesdayin withon a abrightlittle''< Diagnostic and Remedial Work in Elementary Schools package which we all know contains

Diagnostic and Remedial Work in Secondary Schools a flowered spring dress.

Science in Secondary Schools Alcoholism and Education Shorthand Gregg Methods... and so the Movies Problems Governmental

AudioVisual Education [Concluded from page 134)

Kindergarten Education entirely out of character with the

Vocational Education rest of the play. A happy ending

Higher Education was also filmed for the motion picHealth Education ture. But notice this, the audience

Regular Courses... School Buildings had demanded the happy ending.

both undergraduate Library Science We oftentimes blame the producers and graduate World Affairs of films when we are the ones who

Family Life rightfully should receive the blame. LET US HELP YOU Geography

PLAN YOUR to Onelife filmwas thatthe waspicturenotablyNotorious.untrue

SUMMER PROGRAM Because the movie carried the names of good actors and actresses, many

For information and reservations, write went to see it who otherwise might have been forewarned by the title.

VISITING The DIRECTOR of SUMMER SCHOOL It would be wise for everyone of

FACULTY us who attends a movie to check

TO BE consciously to see how well the UNIVERSITY of UTAH ANNOUNCED production measures in the matter

LATER of verisimilitude.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH—M. C. J.

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

care saves a lotofwear I A Wfte

A Spring change from contaminated, old This protective OilPlating stays up winter oil to N/A Motor Oil protects on cylinder walls while you're running from grit and dust that can ruin the inside hot and when you're not... won't all

as well as the outside finish of your car! drain down into the crankcase even overOil is always there night! That's whyWh

extraprotection "dryfriction"Conoco N'* Motor Oil (Patented)* with from contains a special added ingredient that starts... from sludge and carbon caused

fastens an extra film of lubricant so by wear.

closely to metal that your engine's fineSo, for extraco6l, extrapowerful, extra finished surfaces are actually OilPlated! lowcost miles..

Copyright 19*8. Continental Oil Company U. S. Pat. Noa. 1,944,941 and 2,218,133

Mate a dafel OILPLATE I

MARCH 1948.

Questions and Answers

Question 62: Is it recommended that

priesthood groups accumulate and administer funds independent of the quoset rum of which the group is a part?

Answer 62: No. Activity on a quosuch they should not be requested or Monthly Quorum Lessonrum basis is desirable, and the accurequired to be in attendance at monthmulation of funds should be on a quoly meetings held by bishoprics for ward Melchizedek Priesthood

rum rather than group basis, and it is officers.

recommended that funds be adminQuestion 67: Is it permissible to preLESSON THREE: April 1948

istered by the quorum, not by the pare a special course of study for con- "Quorum Organization—Presidency

group. sideration at the monthly quorum meetResponsibilities"

Question 63: There is less than a ings?

: Melchizedek Priesthoodmajority membership in some of the Answer 67: The practice of conReferences

elders quorums of our stake. What ducting special lessons or of inviting Handbook, section V-C, p. 18 to

should be done about it? special speakers to participate in the section V-G, p. 22.

Answer 63: The revelations require monthly quorum meetings has long 1. How many quorums of high

at least a majority of a quorum for a been discouraged. The monthly quopriests are there in each stake?

should, in meeting large measure, of rum function. Presidents toquorum

is the difference a between 2. What for the business be meeting as used a organizations having quorumstakes

priests priests and a high quorum transaction of business the high quorum and less majority memberships thanwith (fortynine elders), should take imconsideration of quorum problems. group?

mediate steps to strengthen the quorum Special articles incorporating suggested 3. Within the confines of a stake,

to a majority point or beyond. If this procedures were published in the Dewho belongs to the high priests

is impossible to do, the quorum should cember issue of The Improvement quorum?

4. Describe the organization of abe disorganized and changed to a Era under the title, "Planning—the

priesthood group status, merging with key to successful monthly quorum high priests quorum.

another group or quorum. meetings."The suggestions contained 5. What are the duties of the ofQuestion 64: There are elders quotherein should be carefully observed. ficers of a high priests quorum?

of the organization does a 6. How If time permits of conducting a special stake carrying on their in ourrums

that of seventy differ from lesson, profitably might study quorum quorums of the ninetysixrolls far in excess members. What should be done? the new Melchizedek Priesthood of a high priests quorum?

7. of seventy quorums many being diswhich Handbook How is now revelations provide 64: The Answer in there are a stake? tributed to all Priesthood Melchizedek

elders ninetysix in a quorum.for

officers. 8. of seventy, quorums Are ward district in elders the a quorumWhen

are in excess of this number, then early Question 68: Should our record quorums, stake quorums, or Church

study should be given toward the efbooks show only visits to quorum memquorums?

fecting of a quorum division. bers made by the quorum presidency 9. What procedure is followed in

Question 65: If, in the opinion of or all officially assigned visits by dividing quorums of seventy or in

the bishop, the elders quorum, the quoquorum members as well? creating new ones?

rum or group of seventy or the high Answer 68: All visits of quorum 10. What is the relationship of stake

priests group is not functioning as he members by the quorum presidency in presidents and the First Council of the thinks it should, has he the right to talk connection with the annual confidential Seventy in supervising the quorums to the quorum officers about it? report should be credited. In addition, of seventy?

Answer 65: Since Melchizedek the instructions contained in the roll 1 1 Describe the relationship of

Priesthood quorums are not ward quoand report book concerning this matter bishops to seventies and to quorums rums, the bishopric of the ward has no explicitly state: of seventy, discussing his jurisdiction

jurisdiction over their quorum funcand supervision.

is to Visit: provided This line Assigned tions. If, in the opinion of the bishop, 12. How are changes, releases, or of the in recording for convenience names

a quorum or group of the Melchizedek quorum officers or members who are asappointments in presidencies of quoPriesthood in his ward is not functionsigned to visit a given member for a rums of seventy made?

ing properly, he should call this to the given month. It is suggested that quorum 13. In what ways do the responsiattention of the stake Melchizedek officers make such assignments at the bebilities of the presidents of quorums of

Priesthood committee or the stake ginning of each month. Those needing atseventy differ from the presidencies

presidency, who will not only take the tention would include the sick, the maimed, of high priests and elders quorums?

the discouraged, bereaved, the the unem- a condicorrect such steps to proper 14. How many elders constitute a for reasons, ployed, or those other who, the grateful to be will also tion, but

is desired. as This quorum? not as active be may observations. for such bishop making

15. single is the of the greatest contriburelationship the one can be of What directdeal of the to effort bishop Any

activity tions brotherhood to priesthood and stake to elders presidency quorums? is not or groups quorums such with ly

if regularly. followed is no up There 16. the Describe of type organizaestablished Church with in harmony contact. for substitute personal

tion of an elders the duties and quorum undertaken. not should be and policy

this indicate Visits: line of Record On its officers. of holds bishopric 66: a Question The in visited keeping the member was when

monthly meeting for ward officers. with the assignment as recorded on the 17. How does the numbering of

Should Melchizedek Priesthood quoline immediately above. elders quorums differ from the numberrum officers attend this meeting? ing of quorums of seventy?

Answer 66: Officers of Melchizedek Brethren are urged to follow these 18. Describe the responsibilities of

Priesthood quorums and groups are instructions in the interests of more quorum presidencies—high priests,

stake officers, not ward officers. As accurate and uniform reporting. seventy, and elders.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA welfare of their fellow men, good government, clean environment, accepted religious tenets, etc., they must

V engagethe drinkin activitiesevil. Toto attaincurb ortheseeliminateobjectives organizations are set up such

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE as: the AntiSaloon League of AmeriTWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, ca, the Womens Christian Temperance

E. KAY, CLIFFORD LEVI YOUNG, SONNE, EDGAR THOMAS E. MC ALMA the YOUNG, Union (W.C.T.U.), National

R. L. S. IVINS, A. RICHARD EVANS, OSCAR ANTOINE KIRKHAM, DILWORTH Temperance Movement, and R. MILTON R. BRUCE YOUNG, HUNTER, MC CONKIE others—some of them only manylocal,

statewide or regional. All such orBishoprics'Responsibility NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO ganizationsof various sponsorkinds—books,or use publicationsbooklets,

Toward Priesthood Meetings COLUMN magazines, papers, and circulars. MeetConducted by ings are held, speakers are sent out,

"pROM time to time inquiries are reDr. Joseph F. Merrill and local option elections take place.

ceived regarding the attendance Why all this activity? The answer is

responsibility of bishoprics at ward that the alcohol beverage industry, priesthood meetings. For the benefit The Curse of Drink brewers and distillers alike, in one or

the following all concerned, of of continually phases is its many is a harsh policy "(urse"term and some more attendance. should govern quorum alert its to increase business, on the there are to applywho object

The bishop's responsibility during ing it to liquor drinking, having in often violating the law to do so. For

the meeting hour priesthood example: it spends ward than one more is mind, specific perhaps, cases. We million his dollars with, over, in annually and preside to meet freely grant that inhundred there are many

priests as their president, excepting dividual drinkers who apparently are advertising and publicity work, all for only each third meeting when he is to not seriously adversely affected physithe purpose of getting teenagers as his in counselors turn take with his cally, mentally, or morally for the attending conducted department by their wellit hasaspower.adults toSo drink.liquor Moneyhas its friends,counts; mild and or more less infrequent

the adult members of the Aaronic drinking. But the overall picture of its defenders. These are found in educivil, political, cational, military, busithe Priesthood. are meetings These drinking and associated factors cer-

.. circles. other ness, and logical place for the to bishop ". tainly justifies the application to it of

( it sit to in council with them, teach them the term "curse."No informed person is Ifveryliquorfar werefrom alwaysbeing such),lawabidingthe fight their as office of duties the given in is likely to deny this.

the covenants."Bishops should so arfor its curbing or elimination would

the factors entering Among into less vigorously carried the probably be far their schedule as range to allow no dismal picture are wretched and is, it liquor being conon. But what interference regular with attendance

lives; at wrecked distressed, human brois ditions are, being they there what meetings. these homes; ken chilragged starving and thing only Saints, as Latterday one that counselor a manner the In same dren; neglected suffering and wives; multitudes people, of well as other can of responsibilities a bishopthe shares civil violated moral laws; and debauchin light their consistently do, the of responsibilities of in ric, the shares he ery, crimes of and every species and struggle the on principles—carry Priestof the Aaronic presidency the description. annual aggregate The the against alcoholic consumption of

is that therefore It suggested hood. all is cost of these money staggering vigor, with energy, beverages more

first to superassigned counselor be the to amounting billions dollars. many of enthusiasm before. than ever and teachers of the ordained the vise work is in Alcohol useful the sciences. But is answer means? what The By supercounselor that the second and off better the much how world would all its in varieties. education deacons. ordained the of vise the work if be alcohol beverage unknown! were In the the organizahave Church we attend these meetquorum shouldThey is this idle Obviously dreaming. As if tion, actively used, reach which can excepting only each week, ings each well exclaim, off better much "How home, every every member.

will their take they third meeting when if world there be would were no is is the method? answer The What in bishopric the of turn as members unattainable in state the thesinning"—an that primarily teaching of classroom

meeting with the adult members of mortal world as long as Satan is unwith children, that of personal contact the Aaronic Priesthood. bound. The curse of drink is a reality with adults, and that of example with

As high priests, members of the and all sane people are called to do all. In every stake there is a noliquor-

bishopric are to attend the monthly something about it, but many will not tobacco committee the duty of which quorum meeting of the high priests respond to the call. "Do what?"does is to encourage every priesthood quoquorum inasmuch as they are members someone ask. Every reader of this rum and every auxiliary organizationof that quorum. This meeting should column has at least one answer—abto be continually active in promoting

be held at a time that will permit stain from drinking himself and by among its members the cause of total bishoprics to attend without neglecting example teach others to do likewise. abstinence.

their Aaronic Priesthood duties, otherFor all of us, this is the least we ought In addition to this educational work wise they will be excused from attendto do, and for most of us, the best we there are in many communities law ing their monthly quorum meeting with are likely to do. observance and enforcement committhe high priests. But many of us are expected to do tees which in cooperation with civil

active in be feasible every officers, clean a environment work for to more—to are bishopric the not of Members in the promoting cause of way temelimination of unlawful underby and the with Aarontheir assignmentsleave total abstinence. perance and The activities. exworld to attend in order weeklyic Priesthood tent evils of the of drink indicated general noliquor-toChurch The are meetings. priest group Theyhigh is above, great so farreaching and at Salt committee bacco City Lakegiven due credit for "other Church that many people feel—for one or keeps in touch with general priesthoodwork during priesthood hour."many reasons—such an interest in the (Concluded on page 188)

MARCH 1948 167 aiding

Adult Members of Aaronic Priesthood Rebuild Home

YOUTH WARD LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY Destroyed by Fire

APRIL 1948 HPhe lesson for April will be a review of the study material presented in this column for July and August 1946.

Mimeographed copies of the lessons will be sent to each bishop one month in advance. Bishops are requested to place the

material immediately in the hands of the leader who presents the lessons during the monthly meeting of the ward youth leadership committee that he may have ample time to make adequate preparation.

"Religion in Action"1 Jere is a story of "religion in action"ENOCH WARD, PAROWAN STAKE which is seldom equaled.

Sunday evening, November 16, 1947, Aaronic Priesthood were charged with moved into the completed basement of the home of James H, Smith of Enoch the responsibility of providing matheir new home. Work on the superWard, Parowan Stake, burned to the terials and labor for rebuilding the structure went forward to completion.

ground, destroying everything except home. William H. Grimshaw, ward The Enoch Ward Relief Society

the clothes the family of four were work director, was appointed building mothers furnished hot meals to the wearing at the time of the fire. supervisor. workmen during the construction.

Within a few hours, Bishop Stanley The second day, Tuesday, the What power for good there is in

A. Smith called a special meeting of Southern Utah Power Company refellowship! Who can measure the

his ward welfare committee and depaired the power lines and installed blessings growing out of such demoncided on a plan for supplying the famlights so that work could go on at night strations of "religion in action"? This

ily's needs and rebuilding the home. as well. is a worthy example of cooperation,

Accordingly, the family was immeThe third day, Wednesday, the deagood will, and love of fellow men.

diately supplied with food and clothing cons, teachers, and priests under twenfrom the bishop's storehouse. tyone years of age, cleaned up the

The day following the fire, Monday, debris and began pouring cement.

W. F. Armstrong, group adviser to the President Arthur Jones of the stake He that is slothful shall not be

adult members of the Aaronic Priestpresidency, manager of the Cedar Lumcounted worthy to stand, and he that hood, of which group Brother Smith, ber Company, exchanged seasoned learns not his duty and shows himself the owner of the home is a member, lumber for green lumber so the buildnot approved shall not be counted was appointed chairman of the coming could proceed without delay. worthy to stand. (D. & C. 108:100.)

mittee, and the adult members of the Within three weeks the family

Seattle Stake Latterday Saint girls who received special recognition before a stake meeting of mothers and daughters for their outstanding work in the program for Latterday Saint girls.

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. )

me (-edited bu dice—M. j-alimet'iMopnes

interested that ing are more you bigger and better as men are measare in getting toAARQNIC PRIESTHOOD inconcludeairplanes than ured? you

L.D.S. Girls your objective? Shall we not more Sometimes we are left to wonder

properly conclude that you are interwhether those who think and who say, ested in the airplane only as the fastest "We are becoming more interested in

Are Percentages Our Goal? "means"of travel to your objective? percentages than in boys,"have taken

Note: While this article is written So it is with the Aaronic Priesthood the time to analyze our problems in

around the Aaronic Priesthood proprogram. If, through following the proleading youth. Experience has taught

it is to equally applicable gram, us, that the of to teach the gram, percentage a higher us and continues we have girls. Latterday Saint for program

all meetings, Priesthood with Aaronic program boys attending more Church "pREQUENTLY we hear it said, "We are living better lives, and being more its clamor for percentages ( the means becoming more interested in perfaithful in priesthood responsibilities constitutes a powerful pull in the lifting centages and less interested in boys."( our objective ), shall we not conclude of boys closer and closer to their CreThis statement suggests the possibility that the program is nothing more, and ator ( the objective )

that we are becoming more interested surely nothing less, than an intelligent That person, or program, with an in the "means"to the objective than we and practical "means"to the objective? objective, but without a "means"of

are in the "objective"itself. If the promotion of the Standard Quoreaching the objective is like a train

Our objective is to induce every rum Award and of the Individual Cerwithout a track, a ship without a rudmember of the Aaronic Priesthood to tificate of Award raises a boy's sights der.

do his full duty in the Church. An obin the Lord's work, induces him to try May we suggest that more time be

jective without implementation is like harder to achieve in righteous pursuits, spent following the program, in intrying to go to a distant city without shall we unthinkingly conclude that creasing our percentages, that, happily, the "means"available for traveling these awards become the important we may discover we are traveling more from where you are to where you want thing and forget what these "means"rapidly and more effectively toward to go. If you travel by air, shall we have done to spur a boy on to becomour objectives.

CHAMPIONS OF LOS ANGELES COUNTY

SOFTBALL LEAGUE Deacons, Inglewood Ward, Inglewood Stake

Here is a thrilling story of achievement. It is

written on the happy face of every boy and the leader, at right. They made up the champion team

in the Los Angeles County Softball League for 1947.

All deacons, they were selected from the two quorums of the Inglewood Ward, Inglewood Stake.

Even more excellent than their winning the championship, they are champions in their priesthood and

Church work. Of the twentynine deacons in this

ward, there is not one boy who is totally inactive.

For the three months immediately preceding their winning the championship, they (the total membership of both quorums), established a record of ninetythree percent attendance at priesthood meeting and sixtythree percent attendance at sacrament meeting, with the year's attendance at priesthood meeting over seventynine percent.

Coach Dan Solomon is a real boys'leader. He is

not only teaching them to play ball but also his chief aim is building character and loyalty to the

Church in his deacons. To his further credit, Dan

was recently ordained an elder from the ranks of the adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

Reading from left to right, the "champs"are:

Front row, Claude Van Vliet, Delano Hughes, Dan

Solomon, coach; Kent Thompson. Second row, Joe

Clark, Jack Solomon, Marion Probert, Allen Everley,

Larry Clark. Back row, Gary Van Vliet, Richard

Dent, Howard Garrick, Jimmy Underwood, Dick

Anderson, Dick North.

Lower photos show members of the team in action with a bit of interesting action on the part of the fans as well.

...:::;;::.

y::: e..

New Vice President and Director The Passing of a Valiant leader occasioned vacancy *The by the lamise Christenson has of Joseph deWhenbors deathof JosephclosedChristenson,the earthlyvice been filled by the appointment of Elder president of the Genealogical SoJohn A. Widtsoe of the Council of the ciety of the Church, it took a man who

Twelve as vice president of the for over fifty years had been an outThe latest reference GenealogicalGarrett MyersSociety,as one andof theof Bishopdirectors.L. standingical and andtemplevaliantactivities.leader in genealogNOW Bible,Version—KingBeautifullyJames andElderservicesWidtsoe,are widelywhose known,attainmentsis a wasBishopwidelyJosephand Christenson,familiarly knownas he

bound. veteran leader among genealogical among Latterday Saints, filled his

workers, having been appointed a dieighty-two years with deeds of loving

CONTAINS rector March 22, 1921, following the service for his fellow men. Probably

death of President Anthon H. Lund. no other man living in his time had a

Over 200 pages of references. InHe continues to serve as one of the longer and more intimate experience

directors of the society, seven now in temple work. ever staunch was He dexed by Book, Chapter, Verse and

constituted for stalwart principles those and he illusBeautifully Number. Page President Fielding and true as follows:treasurer—Joseph convinced was were and Godtrated with pictures. colored many given. testimony His righteous and Vice A. Widtsoe Smithpresident—John for lives touched the example of good Lund Director—A. Christ's in sayings red letters. the throughout Church, and Secretary F. thousands and Williamlibrarian—Archibald Smith's Bible Dictionary. the through years they revered have Bennett

him. loved the beloved He was Kirkham and M. Director—James

friend counselor to great E. Petersen throngs and Atlas of the Holy Lands. Director—Mark

Director and assistant treasurer—L. Garof temple workers. From the beginGenealogy forms. rett Myers ning of genealogical convention work

With penetrating vision and conamong the stakes he has taken a leadvincing logic Elder Widtsoe, by spoken ing part, stimulating others by the L. D. S. Doctrinal Subjects Indexed

and written word, has championed the might of his testimony, his steadfast by Page Number. gospel of temple work and genealogical example, and the wealth of his exresearch wherever he has gone. In ofperience.

Published by ficial councils his analytical mind and wise counsel have been equally helpful. He was born in American Fork,

The National Bible Press In the greater future of this work his Utah, April 19, 1865, the son of John influence will be a powerful one. Christenson and Johanna Harling, both PRICE $16.95 Bishop Myers has been affiliated in converts from Sweden. He filled a mission of his parents, to the homeland a leading capacity with the GenealogSI.95 secures payment the Bible. down Balance 18861888. in the He was marriedSI.00 semiweekly mail lor by Society 30 weeks. superinsince he became A ical

postal card will bring full information. tendent and assistant treasurer of the Logan Temple to Lillian Rachel

$1.00 Discount cash with order. Research 1, 1935. Bureau on April A getherBrown, theySeptemberreared a24,notable1890, familyand toof

the revised few years plan later, when children. clerk His appointment as a

for for handling records temple workPeckGold Distributors Seal

Office in the Recorder's 1893 came inaugurated, as in appointed he Box 2651, Charlotte, was North Carolina was in his prayer. to President answer Wilall superintendent of of departments

the Society devoted to the processing ford Woodruff sent for him and reof names for temple work, including quested him to make application for the index office, index bureau, censorthe position, feeling that he had the

justified that confidence tenson deby ment, the proofreading department, and his full OffER.. to labor voting the WE correction department, typing departsuitable qualifications. Brother Chrisof power archives. Currently also he is serving A COMPLETE fifty for heart years. body, mind, and

the important genealogical on convenENGRAVING SERVICE 30, 1916, he September made was On From Missionary Portraits to tion the Largest the microfilm committee and comCatalogues. Salt the chief of recorder Lake Temmittee of the board. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention ple, until position held 1942. he which former missionary the to Swiss- A the bishop he of Meanwhile was Tenth UTAH ENGRAVING CO. mission secretary, Mission and German

St. 113 Regent Liberty Stake, 1904 to from Salt Lake City, Ward, Utah in active has continued he Church

the a of Deseret 1916, and member in stakes the rehas where work he School Union General Board Sunday sided, having been a member of the from 1940. Edgehill Ward Sunday School superinSubscribe to and tendency, and then a member of the When the Genealogical Society of

READ bishopric; stake superintendent of the Utah was organized in 1894, he was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA M.I.A.ville Stake.and highHe councilmanis now bishopin Bonneof the activelycancy occurredinterested,amongandthewhendirectorsa vain

Thirtythird Ward, Bonneville Stake. (Concluded on page 172)

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What kind of a driver are you??

If yOU get Stalled in traffic save yourself bad moments with quickstarting Chevron Supreme Gasoline. Its plentiful "light fractions"

vaporize quickly, give you reliable starts, quick warmup.

If yOU're nO Shrinking Violet behind the wheel, you'll admire

Chevron Supreme's aggressive getaway. It is "climatetailored"to keep the same perky pickup and economical

power in varying climate and altitude zones.

If yOU Hear nOiSeS under the hood, get Chevron Supreme and relax. It's a combination of several gasolines to provide

smooth, quiet power for every driving demand... fortified

with plenty of highoctane antiknock blending agents.

We'll take better

care of your car!

Stop at independent Chevron Gas Stations or Standard Stations, Inc. for

Standard of California products

MARCH 1948 171 Genealogy counselor to President George F. Richfinest sons, and the Church of Jesus. Christ

(Concluded from page 170) ards of the Salt Lake Temple, and he of Latterday Saints one of its staunchest the director Genealogical of devotees. A first 1935. place. 10, counselor the to appointed became June 1900 he was

.. life paralleled the. his growth Society 17, 1947. died secretary as served 19001907 on November he HeFrom

organizaof that widespread and influence editorial Deseret in the Society; as 1929 from the to of 1910 An News

tion. Christenson have Joseph known To

until of said librarian; him: 1934, October and from felt humility, to in lesson and a have was

his death, as vice president. On June In the passing of Bishop Joseph Christenhis kindness was a benediction. His pass-

2, 1929, he was set apart as second son Salt Lake City has lost one of her ing arouses fine memories and stirs new resolves among his many friends. In the

multitude of his descendants he leaves a living monument, and in his many writings up to a lasting testimonial. SAVE Refined Sugar: Its Use and Misuse

(Continued from page 142) NO Wm ifutpsint factor in the cause of calcification of arteries, as well as other diseases associated with abnormal calcium WATER HEATERS deposits such as cataracts, arthritis,

New Price 50 Gal. $139.75 kidney stones, dental calculus, and

New Price.40 Gal. $129.75 even bone formation in the lungs

New Price 30 Gal. $119.75 and heart.

Only HOTPOINT has the new, efficient, ecoSugar eating should be avoided nomical direct contact calrod unit. Come in by athletes and all those engaged

for demonstration or write for catalogue. in important physical activities, because of refined sugar's ability to

APPLIANCE lower physical efficiency. 13 Thus inII stead of furnishing candy to the

& RADIO workers, servicemen they war and W""""T given should have been good nourSalt Lake City 10 YEAR 38 So. Main

GUARANTEE Freight prepaid to adjoining states ishing food and should have been discouraged from eating refined sugar foods.

.:- ''-, *.-;-i;W-': '--y-.'- ':'... Some families are much greater

consumers of refined sugar than others, and while no direct comparison of such families can easily

Go GREYHOUND beportmade,showsa thatrecentlysomethingpublishedthat rein- for most schedules nutritionfluences peoplehabits ) byis familiesoperating(liketo cause similar diseases to occur in hushave lived band and wife after they Go GREYHOUND 42 together many years. In our study

for lower fares of refined sugar, we thought the above report was especially signifiBRING THE WEST'S Go GREYHOUND cantfound becauseto be associatedthe threein husbanddiseases for more courtesy and wife past the age of 45, were arthritis, vascular disease, and high

SERVICE blood pressure. 8 a i2 Doesn't it seem

TO YOUR likely that the husbands and wives

HOME TOWN wmimmmm. sharing these diseases may be some

of America's "sugar gluttons"?

is The your Agent the community KOLOB said conditions Additional by friendliest in to serve your man town—readyin one check baggage One ticket—every efficiently insurance lowat need and to result various the authors from cost, because the he represents largest West's to in America. anywhere Only General Agency. Strong stock are: sugar of refined vasomotor use

fair of Company settlement offers for Greyhound so much Insurancepolicies—prompt, claims. ulcer, instability, 56 peptic angina

so little. Ask your nearest Overpectoris, 53 acne, 41 redness of the

land Greyhound agent about eyes, 20 hyperinsulinism, acidosis and frequent schedules and low fares. edema of the retina. 8

1. Refined sugar is not really GREYHOVER LANDO U N D To Summarize:

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City Operated hy INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and needed by the body.

UNION PACIFIC STAGES. INCORPORATED (Continued on page 174)

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHECK LIST ofyoWL PROGRESSIVE READING

<Hdw VYlanif diavsL dul dfacut?

BOOK OF MORMON $1.50 PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH

AND THEIR FULFILLMENT $1.50

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS.. $1.25 By Nephi L. Morris

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN $2.50 HIS WORK PEARL OF GREAT PRICE $.75 AND

Nibley By Preston THE HOLY BIBLE $1.50 to $20.00. LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL $3.00

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH WELLS $2.50 HISTORY $2.50 DANIEL HANMER Smith By Joseph Fielding Hinckley By B. S.

$3.00 TAFT BENSON RESTORED THE CHURCH $2.50 EZRA

Evans and Henry By John E. Berrett By William

Minnie Egan Anderson DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED.... $2.75

THE CHURCH $1.50 By Helen Cortez Stafford

PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM $2.00 COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF By James L. Barker

THE CHURCH B. H. Roberts By (Six Volumes) $25.00 WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE LIGH] r

OF MORMONISM $2.00

ARTICLES OF FAITH $1.75 By Thomas C. Romney

By James E. Talmage TRUTH SEEKER AND

JESUS THE CHRIST $2.50 MORMONISMBy Joseph F. Merrill $1.00 E. Talmage By James

JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN WAYBy JosephTO FieldingPERFECTIONSmith $1.75

PROPHET $3.00

By John Henry Evans FRUITS OF RELIGION $1.50

TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET By Franklin L. West

JOSEPH SMITH $2.50 RATIONAL THEOLOGY $1.00

By Joseph Fielding Smith By John A. Widtsoe

Watch for another list in the next issue of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DESERET BOOK COMPANY "Education lives as long atj you read good books."

44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Herewith find $ for "which please send books indicated bv the word "SEND/ r

Please add 2 % tax in Utah.

Refined Sugar: Its Use and Misuse

{Continued from page 172) foods supply 2. Wholesome

through glucose, as an J/UL starch, ample endproduct to satisfy the body needs for this energy in our daily food. These foods include fresh DESERET

THIS fruits, vegetables, dairy products,

HANDSOME meat,unprocessed.fish, eggs, and whole grains, NEWS

3. Refined sugar is a drug or 9-inch chemical which appears to be rePRESS

fancy, childhood, middle, and old GENUINE sponsible for many diseases of inage.

STAINLESS 4. Refined sugar, like alcohol, is

is habitforming, and also in many COMMERCIAL other like alcohol. ways much

honey, molasses, raw 5. Even SERRATED AND EDITIONPLASTICHANDLE—STEEL sugar, dried fruits be should and

EDGE/ eaten in small quantities and with PRINTERS AND Ideal for "prudence."UTILITY

6. deficienVitamin and mineral '-in Slicing

result indirectly from the use BOOK BINDERS Fruits cies of refined sugar. are not TheseSLICING Vegetables satPAPER RULING isfactorily vitareplaced by taking

pills. u > Cheese min KNIFE etc./ 7. Refined sugar eating often refor only sults in decay of the teeth, diabetes,

indigestion, gas, skin diseases, anelrofeteionat mia, obesity, infections, colds, and in coin PLUS I ACTUAL sinusitis;is said toandpredisposethe use of refinedto arthritis,sugar and Social

j SIZE labelthe a can from of tuberculosis, cancer, high blood "400"Pabco CinDek pressure, allergy, fy*?1 - physical lowered I SHOWN Mail,Enamel. with your

address, to and chronicname tiredness, a tati%oneru and Gift 9 HERE/ efficiency,Dept., Paraffine The Comlong list of other ailments that lead

Inc.,panies, 475 Brannan

St., San Francisco 19, Calif. to sickness, misery, and death.

Offer expiresJune 30,1948! 8. Refined sugar is difficult to

it avoid because Attested is found 794 in a high 29 RICHARDS STREET RETAIL of VALUE! percentage today's packaged,

as a gift for almostYours discanned, and other modern processed the unrivaled beautycovering gloss provided color andof by foods.

Enamel!Pabco 'MOO"CinDek

easybrushingCin-Dek means PHONE 4 -5521

... greater coverage... and

wear.longer today from Buy it

listed in dealer the Conclusion:the Pabco

Phone Book Classified Section. Tf one can avoid eating refined

sugar, one can expect more vibrant health, and a longer life with greater freedom from some of the IN USE fir OVER FinY YEARS acute and chronic diseases and comAids in treatment of Conker, simple plaints which many modern doctors sore throat and other minor mouth are unable to diagnose or to treat and throat irritations.

successfully.

time same At the it must be said HALLS Salt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah that as sugar organic a cheap chemical has a vast industrial future.

The following list shows some of PABCO JOILY TIM1 uses to sugar which many may "400"the CINDEK be put. in the There was wisdom

ENAMEL establishment factories of sugar by in mistake, the Church. Our if it may in 'Goodmerchandisingor prohibitedonly USA.isyourtaxed,state,Voidlicensed,countyif thisrestrictedformor cityof

be socalled, has been that we con- (Continued on page 176) Pop corn 174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA % witha rf/fttre j?

A boy pauses a moment, digs fists into warm pockets, and smiles as he looks across his father's fields. In the spring, when the land comes to life, he'll help

Dad more than ever before. And just a few years after that, he'll be a

grown man—doing a man's work, taking a man's place in the world.

Even now he's building for that future—he's a member of a 4-H Club. In

his club he joins other local members to elect officers, plan programs, share in community activities. He learns at first hand how democracy works.

Then too, each year he has one or more 4-H Club projects—agricultural

projects of his own choice. He learns by doing, and he competes with other

4-H Club members to see who does best. This way, he finds out what

it's like to be in business for himself he learns about free enterprise by taking an active part in it. 4-H members in "Live Power"ProSo the 4-H Program is mighty important gram learn details of tractor care

to this boy and to 1,700,000 other 4-H and operation—so important in

members. Projects for boys and projects for modern farming. This practical progirls alike build selfreliance and teach gram is sponsored by Utah Oil Revaluable skills at the same time. fining Company in Utah and Idaho. Boys—girls, too—may enroll through

The Utah Oil Refining Company feels their County Extension Offices.

honored to support 4-H Club work {f| by sponsoring the "Live Power"jartpfffjlfajiii TractorMaintenance Program.

(UTOCOj ico \PEPB8aUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

MARCH 1948 175.

{Continued page 174) from * Refined Sugar: Its Use and Misuse

less imdest Biswils the only one, I Zver Made j sidered and portant, use of sugar.

What is refined sugar good for?

Here are nearly one hundred of its industrial uses:

Acetone, adhesives, alcohol, animal medicines, ant bait, bacterial cultures, bait traps for moths and insects, boilercleaning flux, butanol, cadmium plating, calcium gluconate, carbon ( clear ), carbon brushes ( for electric motors), cement manufacturing, ceramics, chalk manufacturing, chemical and coloring, citric acid.

Drugs, electrodes, elixirs, emfluids, emulsifier, explobalming 'fumaric operations sives, foundry m r\ acid,glycerin,glass,goldglueplating,for bookbinding,golf balls, hair preparations, hectographs

Perk Up Lenten Meals the(transfers),meat), indiumhog feedingplating,(hydratesinsectiwith cides, insulating materials.

GOLDEN FISHER'S "BISKITS lubricatingKojic acid,preparations,leather, liquidmedicalsoap, preparations, metallurgy ( for intro- v&i SO TeHttkt, >JSiskds 'i*c TJus Th/uMtf 7%&Kage< duction of molybdenum into steel), methanol, mirror manufacturing, motor fuel, mortar, nicotine poisons, nonsparking preparation ( steamship use), oxalic acid, packing for automotive housings, paint manufacturing, paper manufacturing

Teach the Gospel plastic(sizing),manufacturepastes, pharmaceuticals,(as lubricant), polishes (shoe polish, furniture polrec- ish, floor polish), phonograph by fluids, plasterords, photographic removing agent, plasticizing agent.

Radio tube silvering materials, rat Sight and Ear poison, roadsurfacing material, rhodium plating, rubber, sealing use on containers, silvering solutions,

Progressive teachers use the AudioVisual methods smoke signals, smokeless powder, of instruction. soaps, stabilizing agent in cloth

We stock a wide variety of projectors within your perimental),manufacture, forsyntheticmirrors, rubberradio tubes,(exprice range. metals, tanning, textile sizing, thripps

ARGUS KEYSTONE control, tire patches, tobacco prodREVERE S V E ucts, tungsten wire drawing, variVICTOR AMPRO cose vein treatment, varnishes, vulcanizing of rubber, waterproofing

Also all makes of Cameras, Films, Recordios, Screens. materials, water softeners, welding

rods, wood (seasoning chemical process )

BIBLIOGRAPHY REFERENCES USED

1. Widtsoe, John A. and Widtsoe, Leah

Ill E. 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah D., The Word of Wisdom, A Modern

VISUAL EDUCATION DISTRIBUTORS Interpretation,2. Hamidge, Gove, {Principal Research

(Continued on page 178) X76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s your farm of a size that calls for a one to twoplow tractor? Or do you use the smaller tractor as a second one

Here are some of Oliver 60's quality to give you economy on jobs not needing a lot of power? features:

In either case, stop and think about quality for a moment.

A tractor of the one to twoplow size, such as the Oliver 60, Electric starter 4-cylinder Power Master high combecomes the main dependence of the onetractor farmer. It pression engine

is often asked to do, and does do, jobs which rightfully beFuel Miser governor long to its bigger brothers. On multiple tractor farms, the Comfortable seat

60, because it is so handy, is often overworked. Ample platform room

These are the reasons why we take such special care in Oliver 60 is available designing and building the Oliver 60. We guard its quality either in high clearance

particularly, because we know a small tractor is abused more or row crop models.

than a big one. The farmer who buys a small tractor needs

quality even more.

OLIVER

tt "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY

Mountain States Implement Company * Ogden, Utah

Branches: UTAH Ogden IDAHO Preston Idaho Falls Rupert Shelley

Tremonton Blackfoot Buhl Rexburg Twin Falls

MARCH 1948 X77 Refined Sugar: Its Use and Misuse

The 1948 Writer, (ContinuedOffice of Information)from page 176)Food and

Life—A Summary, p. 153.

3. Science News Letter, June 15, 1940, SUMMER SCHOOL v. 37:377, "Faulty Sugar Chemistry May

Cause Mental Disease."

4. Holt, L. Emmett, M.D., Sc.D., LL.D., PROGRAM Diseases of Infancy and Childhood

16 Quarterly5 "The ReviewSugar publishedMolecule,"by JulyThe Sugar1947, First Term June 7—July

Inc.

Standard Diction'Second Term July 19—August 20 Research6. FunkFoundation,and Wagnall

ary.

Visiting Faculty macology,7. Cori andWashingtonCori, DepartmentUniversity,of SchoolPharMetabolism,""Carbohydrate of Medicine, Agricultural Education V. XV, Review of Biochemistry, Annual

Education 1946, p. 211.

Home Economics Education 8. Patton, J. H. P., M.D., "Relation of

Industrial Education Excessive Carbohydrate Ingestion to CaDiseases,"British Medical other and Music tarrhs 1933. 29, April Journal,

Physical Education and Recreation 9. Snow, Harold L., M.D., "Refined

Sugar and Chronic Disease,"(Paper deSpecial Conferences LosliveredAngelsbeforeCountythe HarborMedical BranchSociety,of Septhe

Family Life Institute tember,10. Macy,1946. Icie G., "Effects of Nutrition

of and Child,"the Health Music Mother Clinic—June

1947. 13:19, Interne, Writers'

Erich, Conference—fune718 2126 UponThe11. M.D., Philadelphia, Urbach,

ANNUAL COACHING SCHOOL "Skin Diabetes,"/. -A. M. A., October 6,

WEEK OF JUNE 7 1945,12. Rorty,v. 129438-440.James, and Norman, N.

Full departmental offerings of course work will Philip, M.D. Tomorrow's Food; The Com'

be provided, both on the undergraduate and ingHall,RevolutionInc., p. 8497.of Nutrition, 1947, Prentice

graduate levels, to answer the needs of regular 13. Roberts, Lydia J., "Cutting Down

and special students. on Candy,"Hygeia, July 1942.

14. Macy, Icie G Ph.D. and Williams,

The strongest program ever offered in EducaHarold H., Ph.D., Hidden Hunger, 1945,

P tion is being planned. p. 15.187.Mottram, M. A., and Graham,

the and F.R.C.P., Food George, M.D., AVAILABLE MARCH 1 COURSES OF CATALOG

edition, ninth revised Principles of Dietetics,

President's to the Office for catalog Write 1943, p. 391.

16. Bogert, L. J., Ph.D. Nutrition and

Physical Fitness, fourth edition, Philadelphia, Saunders, 1943, p. 23. UTAH STATE 17. Sherman, Henry C, Ph.D., Sc.D.

(Mitchell Professor of Chemistry, ColumAGRICULTURAL COLLEGE biation.University)1933, p. 501508.Food Products, third ediLOGAN, UTAH Clara18. MacLeod,Mae, Ph. Grace,D., Rose'sPh.D.,Foundationsand Taylor,of

Nutrition, fourth edition, 1944, p. 402.

19. Moose, Ray M., M.D., "Sugar a

Diluting Agent,"J.A.M.A., July 8, 1944.

v. 125: 738739.

, Phillips, Schlink, and 20. M. C, F. J., @e#M

1946. a Day, Three Times THAN A BIBLE Mear IfiUwi'Tnila WEREMotTIS, Louis, M.D., and Tumen, 21. Tuft,

Henry J., M.D., Philadelphia, "Fat and

... For Confirmation of Gastroas Intolerance Cause Sugar SAYS 9, intestinal March Symptoms,"J.A.M.A., for Easter giving

Mining the "Recently Newmont 624627. v. 130: 1946,

larger nation's of the one Company, give a long -lasting of 22. Council and Nutrition Foods on its announced companies, mining

of Nutritional Aspects minof intention "Some A.M.A. developing NATIONAL BIBLE the enin Utah. eral ground Wecertainshould Sweetened and Sugar, Candy,

to capital outside more courage Beverages,"November Journal of our in development of AMA.,Carbonated take a hand

resources. For each dollar of ore 7, 1942, 120:763765.

produced, 90c stays in Utah."23. American Medical Association,

QUALITY For Every Bible Need "Council on Foods and Nutrition,"].A.

v. 120:763765. 1942, November 7, MA., MADE CHILDREN

V., E. 24. McCollum, Newer The ADULTS

STUDENTS Knowledge of Nutrition, fifth edition, 1939.

KING JAMES TEACHERS F.A.C.D.25. Price,NutritionWestonand PhysicalA., M.S.,DegeneraD.D.S.,

VERSION tion, fourth printing, enlarged, 1945, p 275!

26. Becks, Herman, M.D., D.D.S., Jensen, Arthur L., D.D.S, and Millarr, CompCaries,"Dental B., D.D.S., ton "Rampant

Association, Dental National BIBLES Journal of American

METAL MINING INDUSTRY SINCE 1863... AT,VOUR BOOKSTORE September 1, 1944, v. 31, No. 17.

OF UTAH (Concluded on page 180) 178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for strength,

durability

and beauty

When the requirements of a building are strength, beauty and long life, brick serves with distinction.

Its quiet beauty dignifies church edifice and school... its soft

texture harmonizes with living

nature.... its strength is the

strength of ages. Preferred alike

by religious leaders, architects and builders, brick fills every need of a material of low original cost, low upkeep and exceptionally long life.

Please send me a free copy of your latest J i literature on BRICK CONSTRUCTION.

! D Church Bldg. Q Public Bldg.

1 Industrial Bldg. Q Residential Bldg. j

Brick Construction

Architects—'Pope & Thomas, A.I.A.

Now Under Construction

Interstate Brick Co, 3100 SO. 11TH EAST, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

REFINED SUGAR: IIS USE AND MISUSE

(Concluded from page 178) Eskimos,"American journal of Diseases 29. Wilder, Russell M., M.D., Mayo

of Children, March 1940, v. 59:485489. Clinic, "Etiology of Diabetes,"Journal of

27. Waugh, Donald B., D.D.S., and 28. Mills, C. A., M.D., "Diabetes MelMedicine, August 1937.

Waugh, Leuman M., D.D.S., "Effects of litus, Sugar Consumption in its Etiology,"30. Starr, Paul, M.D., "What's New In

Natural and Refined Sugars on Oral LacArchives of Infernal Medicine, October Endocrinology,"California Medicine, Notobacilli and Caries Among Primitive 1930. vember, 1947, v. 67, No. 5, p. 289.

31. Hutchinson, Sir Robert, Food andthe

Principles of Dietetics, ninth edition, revised in 1943.

32. The Doctrine and Covenants, Section 89.

TrainedHands of 33.HomeStewart,Economics,Jean J. (AssociateCollege of ProfessorWilliam

and Mary) Foods: Production, Marketing,

and Consumption, Prentice Hall, 1938, p. 76

34. V., E. McCollum, Food Nutrition

17. Health, 1934, are Worth More! and p.

35. Wohl, Michael G., M.D., Dfefotherapy Clinical Application of Modern

No matter what your 9oaI Nutrition,36. Howell'sW. B. TextbookSaunders Co.,of Physiology,1945.

office work, civil service, or W. B. Saunders Co., 1947.

wrestling with the home budget 37. Rickets, Henry T., M.D., "Hyperin Diabetes,"Modern Medicine.

p. 33. 1947,—business training will pay glycemiaAugust 15,

you well. 38. Pillsbury, Donald M., M.D., and

Sternberg, Thomas H M.D., "Relation

of Diet to Cutaneous Infection,"Archives

Enter at any time. Special rates for returned missionof Dermatology and Syphitology, May,

aries... full government allowances for veterans. 1937.

Write for information. 39. Urbach, Erich, M.D., F.A.C.A., Skin

Diseases, Nutrition, and Metabolism, 1946.

40. Comroe, Bernard I., A.B., M.D.,

F.A.C.P, Arthritis and Allied Conditions,

October, 1944 Research 41. Consumers'Bulletin, No14, 1944, v. 14, No. 5. LD.S. Business College vember

70 North Main Salt Lake City Tel. 3-2765 42. The Milbank Memorial Fund Quarterly, October, 1947, "Chronic Diseases

Among Spouses,"v. XXV, No. 4.

43. Alvarez, Walter C, M.D., The

Mayo Clinic, An Introduction to Gastroenterology, third edition.

44. Farmer, Fannie Merritt, The Boston

Cooking School Cook Book, sixth edition, is the Most Important 1937. Helpful In What

45. Cantarow, Abraham, M.D., and

Gospel Doctrine Classes Year in a Child's Life? Trumper,istry, 1939,Max,p. 524.Ph.D., Clinical Biochem46. Kleiner, Israel S., Ph.D., Human Biochemistry, 1945, p. 381.

47. Kolmer, John A., M.S., M.D., Dr. SHEEP F.A.C.P., L.H.D., LL.D., P.H. Sc.D., OTHER agree that for physiDoctors

Clinical Diagnosis Examinaby Laboratory AMERICA) cal (A SAGA OF ANCIENT and mental development

A thrilling but reverent story portantthe firs.t yearyear inis thea child'smost life.imtions,48. Walsh,first edition,MichaelrevisedJ., M.Sc,1944. F.R.I.C,

of the adventures of two young This means that extra spe- A.I.Ch.E., University of Southern Califorcial care must be taken to nia Dental School, "Nutrition Lectures,"

people at the time of the insure proper development 1946.

Savior's visit to the American throughout this allimport- 49. Cecil, Russell, A.B., M.B., Sc.D.,

of Medicine, fourth edition, continent. antThisyear.is why we take such A1937,Textbookp. 345.

Weaving in the story of Samuel, the scrupulous care in the pro50. Hansel, Frenck, K., M.D., M.S.,

Lamanite; the terrible deeds of the Gadianduction of Special Morning Allergy of the Paranasal Sinuses, 1936, p.

ton Robbers; the events of the three days Milk, the evaporated milk 283.

that doctors of so and the Savior, recommany of coming the darkness; Charles, 51. Oberling, M.D., The Riddle

civilization. great for baby's formula. mend His establishment of a Press, 1944, University Cancer, Yale of

carefully control each We in the participating persons Told as if by 53. p.

step, production the from from notes with concluding events and Statistics States, 52. Vital the United of to grocer; farm your and diwe the supporting archaeologists famous S. of 1943, Commerce, Department U.

. extra vitamins add and A D of of vinity Mormon the Book of the Census. Bureau

in just right the to amount in covers, solid a sixcolor with Bound in V., M.D., 53. Ullman, Diet Egon insure help proper and bone gift for any a wonderful design making 1936. Infections Sinus and Colds, tooth development. occasion.

P., Sandler, 54. Benjamin and M.D., glad Be your doctor when

Price $1.00. Plus Sales Tax prescribes Special Morning Berke, Rudolph, M. D., "Treatment of

Milk for your baby's first Tuberculosis With a Low Carbohydrate

Sold by DESERET BOOK CO. and other year! Diet,"American Review of Tuberculosis,

Utah Book Stores or mailed postpaid by v. 46:238246, September 1942.

the publishers 55. "Electrocardiographic Changes Due

to Inanition,"/. A. M. A., March 8,

p. 730. THE PYRAMID PRESS 1947,56. Stokes, J. H., Berman H., and

Medical Science, 1938, 195:562. G09 S. 2nd East Salt Lake City 2, Utah II.1IICU A ofIngraham, N. R., Jr., The American Journal

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and NEW HI Equipment for Modern Farming

Farmall Touch -Conim- trol is a complete plement control. Hydraulic both

to power—powerin

lift directionsimplement from the ground and force it into the ground.

New FARMALL tractor -<-SUPER-A drill equipped with C, equipped with fertiplanter and for every... sizeone ofNewfiveFarmallallpurpose withFARMALL TOUCHCONTROLmachines matched lizer attachment. farm, condition. every crop andtractorsfor and soil

is regisFarmall a tered trade -mark.

builds It's Spring, 1948... and new International Harvester OnlyHarvesterFarmallInternationalTractors.

Farm Machines are out in the fields, all over America.

What an array of new IH equipment it is! Every machine is the leader in its field, made by International

Harvester, pacesetter in farm equipment manufacture.

Every machine has been designed and built to make farm mechanization more complete and to bring additional time and laborsaving advantages to the family farm. These machines are as upto-date as tomorrow.

They fit today's way of farming, with the emphasis on soil conservation and better land use. They're made for

simple, convenient oneman operation.

is the all to see Dealer that's Your about IH man new Smallest all T*A - the Farmnew in effort will Equipment. Every IH Farm be to FARMALL made

tractor, CUBculwith is tivator. This a provide need. with the machines you you great combinativation. INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY tion for fast cul180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

the TA Speed up the hay 45 withPickup harvestNo. new

Selffeeding, Baler.

... automatic. fully

(or Farmall power)tractor equivalentH INTERNATIONAL of it nicely. handles No

auxiliary engine needed.

No. small new, T

mill to 4-E Thehammer HARVESTER 5 powered be f electricby hp. or a 3,moIVz

tor or the Farmall Tractor. Handles

types of grains and overfor leader ih farm Equipment Progress allfeed.Cub Ideal

head bin installations.

MARCH 1948 181 A People and A Church What About Us? (Continued from page 144)

(Concluded from page 153) spreading of the gospel. In the

only girl of seventeen who has these same problems, and even words of Elder Cannon:

though most of us have had training, we can't be trained too well as to what to do in many of these cases. How are we to choose After expressing gratitude for our safe

when there is no good example to follow? arrival and for the peace and blessings

us, bePresident with that were Lyman Please help us learn in ways other than by experience the the of Finland in behalf sought and Lord truth of which we are certain you know already. Please keep our its people.... He prayed for the governcities and towns away from these terrifying evils. Give us things ment, that the officers might be just and

to do in our spare time—things that we feel are important to the merciful, that they might feel kindly toward

betterment of all. And last but by far the most important, think the people and to those servants of the

of us and the way these stores and bars will affect our minds and Lordpel. Hewhenprayedthey forcomethe toland,preachthat theit mightgos-

(we hope not) maybe our bodies! be productive and support its inhabitants.

Let the world of tomorrow be guided in the right way by the He asked that the Spirit of the Lord might world of yesterday and today. be poured upon the people that they might

hunger for the truth, and with the authority of the priesthood, he turned the key and opened the door for the preaching of the gospel in Finland, and dedicated the land for this work. He besought the Lord to

bless the people with faith, that true servants and prophets might soon be raised up among them. The cause of Zion and the JfeNEWHOUSE servants of the Lord were all remembered,

and the blessings and favor of heaven was prayed for them.3

Down through the years the scatHOTEL tered Saints in Finland became affiliated with the Stockholm Confer-... one of the great hotels of the ence, the administrative district of

the Swedish Mission, and they were

West where gracious hospitality is regularly visited by the presidents a tradition, welcomes you. of the Swedish Mission, and often

had missionaries assigned to labor

Conveniently located in Salt among the people in Finland. These

appear to be mostly Swedes who

Lake's downtown shopping dishad lived and worked in Finland for trict... pleasant accommodations generations.

... 400 rooms each with private XTUHhen Elder Ezra Taft Benson of

bath... complete garage facilities the Council of the Twelve was

in Europe as president of the Euadjacent. ropean Mission immediately after

World War II, he rededicated the

You'll enjoy eating in the ultraland of Finland for the preaching of modern, airconditioned Coffee the gospel.

President Matis, born in CaliShop... cheerful, efficient service fornia, a convert to the Church, and

... excellent catering and banquet of Finnish descent, finds himself

with his wife and about twenty misfacilities.

sionaries laboring in a nation the size of the state of Montana ( 1 34,- 324 square miles in 1945). There

J. HOLMAN WATERS are about four million Finns living

President under the flag which is a blue cross upon a field of white, with a crest in the center of the cross. But there

are three distinct peoples in Finland; the Finns, the Swedes, and

the Lapps. And although they have

lived together in this land for centuries, these groups have not inter-

J. HOLMAN WATERS, W. ROSS SUTTON mingled. A breakdown of the census Managers

MAIN AT 4th SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH indicatesImprovementthatEra. vol.eightyeight6, pp. 923924 percent

(Continued on page 184) 182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WA

NLU DCORT (

) ios/ep rf't&e deoorat've 1mf>o of ywrf/m/titre andwoodwork

EIGHTEEN completely new, completely modern, completely captivating DECORET Enamel colors!

Decoratorselected deep tones and delicate tones to colorstyle furniture and woodwork give your home a new, lovelyliving look. And

"Knowhow"foldersFREE! DECORET is easy to use—flows readily, levels

"Furniture—How to Paint it"automatically, covers evenly to a smo-o-th,

and "Woodwork—How to plasticlike finish. Inexpensive three ways:

Fuller freePaint it"—two

easy that tellfolders ways DECORET Enamel covers so much, wears so long, to get fine enameling results. cleans up with just a damp cloth! Made

Easy to understand, easy exclusively by W. P. Fuller 6? Co.

to follow. FREE—

at your neighborhood Fuller Paint Dealer.

THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU DCORT NflML

fULLCOATSoft, washable, nonreflective wall finish

FUlURGLO—Semigloss for walls and woodwork; resists steam, stain fulgloss—Longwearing, porcelainlike wall, woodwork finish *#

MARCH 1948 183 A People and A Church

oriis of Finnish population of the THERE IS A GOOD REASON (Continued from page 182) the gin, and percent Swedish, ten remaining two percent divided among German, Russian, and the why OVER 130 LD.S. primitive, seminomadic Lapps, who

although they have lived in Finland the longest, are a disappearing race.

The Finnish people are a strongChapels iS5as9<!SS2! built, hardy race, some with distinct

mongoloid features, although European Nordic influences are also noticeable. The Finnish language, OWN

and which belongs to the FinnoUgrian group, points definitely to an Asiatic origin for this people. The only enjoy European language which closely

resembles Finnish is Estonian.

THE The Finns are believed to have settled this area about the close of the first century after Christ. King HAMMOND ORGAN Eric IX of Sweden conquered them

in about 1155, and introduced Christianity to the survivors of 1 EASY TO PLAY those who had recently opposed 2 NEVER GETS OUT OF TUNE him. When the wave of Protestantism swept over Europe, Finland

3 TAKES UP VERY LITTLE ROOM adopted the Lutheran religion. A

4 UPKEEP AMOUNTS TO VERY census,ninetyseventaken inpercent1937, ofindicatedthe peoplethat

LITTLE belonged to the Evangelical Luther- 1.7 percent were 5 THE COST OF THE ORGAN IS an Church, while

.02 percent Orthodox, Roman NOT TOO HIGH Greek

Catholic, percent and 1.28 belonged

Write or come to our store for full information* to other faiths.

Demonstrations Every Day. The Swedish rule of Finland

lasted for about six hundred fifty

Visit Our Store During Conference—See and Hear This years, during which time the Finns Beautiful Organ!

retained considerable autonomy and 74 SOUTH MAIN STREET even received their own parliament in the seventeenth century.

Swedish rule was relinquished early in the nineteenth century as GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. the Napoleonic struggle gripped

Est. 1907 Tel. 3-4434 Europe, and from 1809 to 1917 Fin-

:v.V:ox-:-:-: land was a Russian grand duchy.

-mm W&MXM The Finns took advantage of the upset conditions in Europe during

World War I, and particularly of the Russian Revolution of 1917, to gain their independence. Thus Fin-

A Rear Beavty—A Sensational Value land, "the land of a thousand lakes"

( actually there are about sixty thou-, became an independent X sand lakes ) republic by the Treaty of Dorpat, nil SRifiHiiii mm which was ratified with Russia on

October 14, 1920.

COMPARE WITH APRONS f\VER a third of Finland is high SELLINGNG FORFOR quality timberland—and timber

THIS SEND nation's its byproducts form the and $|00 richest natural resource. Finland, p0NT0DAY | ormore C0U

U. OfferUffer goodgooa

S. Voidor prohibitedl/tucent.if this formin yourof merchandising coupon res..restrictedofof orisis!i*!.taxed,cicy. Cashlicensed:licensed,onlyonlyvaluein stJte, county, SSBlSM* too, is a nation[Continuedof ruraldwellers,on page 186)

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

J-ojl ihsL Juachah, Tyii&AwnaJuf. &l DApsL Student

UaluablsL fcdiiionA TEMPLES of the

MOST HIGH By N. B. Lundwall Jo QfojitL StibhaM]

... A wealth of Mormon his-

. tory especially.. pertaining

spiritual to the background and T development For of Mormonism.

of richer appreciation a the THE STORY of JESUS story intimate read this Church, of her temples. BeauflJO rri By Eliza R. Snow.- W *il5*

tifully illustrated. M>.OU 1

A splendid book, which will help young people and adults to better understand Christ and his THE STORY Of JESUS ministry. $1.25.''.'; 1

FAMILY ETERNAL:.-.l iJ

By Roy A. West

An especially helpful hook on L. D. S. family life...

filled with the information many families learn too late GOD'S at too great a cost....

The author writes from a rich COVENANT background of training perience. and exWAmtMtJ<Cy yS RACE

By James H. Anderson

A thoughtful series of lectures on the history and destiny of the descendants of Abraham...

showing presentday fulfillment of

MAN and the rael.promises made to ancient Is- $.UUCfO t\f\

DRAGON By John A. Widtsoe REPRINTS OF

A treasure chest of practical gospel themes, enPAST BEST SELLERS NOW AVAILABLE riched appliwith many cations and apt anecTHE VISIONN. B. Lundwall $1.50 ASSORTEDPRICELESSGEMSVALUEOF $2.50 dotes.

IT Compiled TO CONby N. B. Lundwall MAY WHOM

CERN $2.00 Marvin O. Ashton $3.00 A FOR NEW WITNESS

THE QUEST $2.25 CHRIST IN AMERICA....$2.50

O. F. Ursenbach Dr. Francis W. Kirkham

USE THIS CONVENIENT ORDER FORM

L. D. S. SCRIPTURES INDIAN STORIES $4.50 UTAH

Gilbert Dr. Milton $2.25 D THE VISIONN. B. Lundwall $1.50 Charles Orme R. Hunter

..$2.00 THE MAN AND ASSORTED DRAGON DISCOURSES OF WILFORD GEMS OF D

A. Dr. John Widtsoe $2.50 $2.50 PRICELESS VALUE WOODRUFF

THE STORY OF JESUS $1.25 Compiled by N. B. Lundwall Compiled by Dr. G. Homer Durham

TO WHOMEliza ITR. SnowMAY CONMORMONISMA THUMBNAIL SKETCH OF $1.00 D FAMILY ETERNALRoy A. West $2.25

Josephson GOD'S Marba RACE..$2.00 COVENANT $3.00 CERN

H. James Anderson Marvin O. Ashton WITNESS FOR A NEW D INTERPRETATIONS..$2.25 TEMPLES $2.50 GOSPEL IN THE CHRIST OF AMERICA MOST Dr. A. John Widtsoe

Dr. Francis W. Kirkham $2.50 HIGH..... $2.00 HELPS HIGHWAY Compiled N. by B. Lundwall Ezra Marler THE YOUNG, BRIGHAM D

$2.00 THE QUEST $2.00 THE LAST THE DAYS HOUR $2.25 MAN OF

O. F. Ursenbach D. Robert Smith Widtsoe Leah

NAME ADDRESS.

Send C.O.D.

Add 2% sales tax in Utah Payment Enclosed BOOKCRAFT1186 South Main Salt Lake City 4, Utah

Phone 7-7911

MARCH 1948 185 A People Mid A Church

(Continued from page 184) with about sixty percent of the people being engaged in agricultural pursuits. Many of the Finns, especially in outlying districts, still live

in an ageold type of cabin, the pyrtti, which is built of crude, massive logs, and boasts a huge fireplace. The furniture is primitive,

kept remarkably clean. Cleanliness

ranks high on any list of Finnish characteristics.

Most Finnish homes have a sauna or bathhouse. This sauna has

a hotair chamber. Stones are baked

in it, and then water is thrown over them. The air is thus heated above the

usual steam bath temperature. Baths

are taken in this steamy air. Young

Finns used to harden themselves against the rigors of the far northern weather by rolling in the snow outside the bathhouses in winter.

The state of health of the nation has been somewhat impaired by excessive drinking. Liquors were unknown in that nation before the sixteenth century. But since that time

too much grain has been diverted from the market into distilling channels and nearfamine has at times resulted. Prohibition was tried from

1919 to 1932, but it was given up when its enforcement proved to be a failure.

Since the latter part of the nineteenth century the nation has been extremely sportsconscious, and many Finns have broken world records in track and field events and in winter sports. In the late thirties

CHOCOLATES when Japan announced her decision not to play host for the 1 940 OlymCHOI CIKDY COMMKT MIT Hit CITT. UTAH pics, the international committee accepted Finland's offer to stage the

games there, and the capital city of

Helsinki was busily preparing for the big events when the war broke out in 1939.

Finnish emigrants to the United

You Can't AL WA YS States have long since been prominent in the cooperative movement

Plan The FUTURE By the Past! here.

Culturally, Finland possesses one

Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't of the greatest epics of the world

Don't judge the future by the past. the Kalevala. After being handed

Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day. down orally from one generation to

Insure your property today and be protected against loss. another, as they sat around their

Better get your policy while you can. family firesides, Dr. E. Lonnrot

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. laboriouslydown early collectedin the nineteenthit and wrotecenit

Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah tury. The Kalevala is said to be the

inspiration and the model that 186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Henry Wadsworth Longfellow used as he penned his Hiawatha.

Time cutting your to catch the crop when All aspects of Finnish culture have is protein high and fiber is low. This generblossomed forth since the establishally is at an earlier stage than was custo'mary

ment of an independent Finland. in oldfashioned haying. Time your

raking to the hour leaves are when limp, Education, which was commade but before any are dry to enough shatter. pulsory for in 1921 the ages from Time baling your to as begin soon

seven to fifteen, is thorough and first of cutting is dry enough to keep. Workas

patterned after the German system. ing as fast as mower and rake, the SlicerThe first university was founded at Baler "stays in step"for the entire cutting.

Turku (Abo) in 1640, but was transferred to Helsinki in 1827. The

rate of illiteracy beyond the age of fifteen is only 0.9 percent. GoodHayWbn'tWait

The birthdate of Johan Ludwig Runeberg, Finnish poet of the eighteenth century, is honored with candleburning in windows, and outdoor ceremonies each February 5. Likewise there is a great midsummer festival celebrated in the

village on June 23.

The world has long been brighter by the music of Jean Sibelius, a grand old man of Finland. His

compositions include "The Swan of

Tuonela,""Lemminkainen's Homecoming,""Finlandia,"and "Valse

Triste."Finland, that little nation of Euthe admiration rope of the who won Get the Slicer Baler in the thirties people American by instalments continuing to make on Most Any Farmer Can Afford to Own long after I debt their World War that was the popular thing to do, is Every hour of needless exposure robs hay of color and a nation who, more recently, has carotene, protein and palatability. Get your own Case Slicerbeen plagued by unwanted war. In Baler and hustle your hay into the safety of the bale before it

October 1939 Russia made some shatters, bleaches, or leaches. It's the baler so simple that boys

territorial demands. Finland resisted operate it, so low in price that the average farmer can have

and there was open warfare for his own.

more than one hundred days. Later It's the baler that takes hay from windrow to wagon in one

lifting heavy the from ground. the Using swift operation—no stillin the war, the Finns, smarting strong tie, standard wire it builds firm bales that stand up under defeat, inthe Russianfrom were hoisting, grapplehook handling rough long It's hauls. and the

duced to join the Axis against Rusbaler bought by more farmers than any other baler ever built.

sia, and lost again. Finland was one More and more Case balers are being built, but there still may

nation of the Axis which the United not be enough for the demand. See your Case dealer now.

States declared no war against. New! 26Roller Bearing Side RakeHThe Finnish Saints, while rejoicing

in the creation of a mission of Thisneedletypeheavy-dutyroller Casebearings,rake dirthas their own, are mindful of the Swedsealed and pressure lubricated, at ish Mission, to which they have every vital point on reel bars and been tied so long as an administratooth-angleing rear wheels,control.too.Rollerbear-Write for

tive unit. As The Millennial Star booklet "HighProtein Hay,"also

recently stated: folder on SlicerBaler, mowers,

rakes, any implement or size of

Several of the missions are holding tractor you need. J. I. Case Co..

autumn conferences.... At the conferDept. C-44, Racine, Wis.

ence of the Stockholm District of the

Swedish Mission there were 350 in attendance, including five Relief Society sisters from Abo, Finland.*

4 77ie Millennial Star 109:399

MARCH 1948 187 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column

(Concluded from page 167)

and auxiliary officers for the purpose of keeping them all alerted to the activities which their respective organizations are called to carry on.

It is needless to say to the public that Latterday Saint Church tenets require its members to abstain from the consumption of all narcotic beverages and tobacco. These tenets are a

part of what is known as the Word of Wisdom, "the Lord's law of health,"as some people have called it. This is

a divine revelation given to the Church in February 1833 through the Prophet

Joseph Smith. So the Mormon people,

supported by this revelation, in adEnriched with Vitamins and Iron dition to all the material possessed by nonMormons, should be especially active in the fight to eliminate the curse of alcohol. Nothing less is ex5BB mmjmeeii pected of them.

Product of ROYAISAKINO CO S a I I t a d and O g d n

EXAMPLES In the preceding article, we mentioned the "power of money"in reference to liquor propaganda. AcThis Is temperancecording to Thepaper,Spotlight,the aMinneapolisMinnesota

Retail Beer Dealer said the following: YOUR Hotel

Hotel the the day From the is beingDELOUSE conducted by A survey opened Square that industry beverage to show to alcoholYOUR CHICKENS itTemple dedicated has been you and other L. D. S. this industry... is responsible for the

members. Conveniently direct and indirect employment of many

Temple opposite located for in of Minnesota, people thousands CAPBRUSH on operated and Square millions dollars of of the year a payment APPLICATOR destandards the high... salaries. informain This and utilizes wages the powerful Church, the by manded Leaf fumes Black the tion to will us 40 enable people to go Hotel the roosts, that to feel Applied we to give greatest get in legislators the and Minnesota and is your rise while Square Temple fumes coverage and body this fight in us killing once to behind and them perch,, chickens choice logical when control. Just louse tap

loss lice. of City. all or of threat No eradicate the for iting Salt monopoly body Lake visWe roosts smear. on and

to hanproduction,- best no our doing are in state. prohibition our treats ounce One

poultry. of dling continued your merit chickens about 90

alare patronage. You directions for Write on roost. feet of 60

welcordially falfall for control. such ways feathermite people Thoughtless

factorysealed in Buy only containers comed at lacious arguments.

insure to full strength.

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL CORPORATION Temple Square In the above we spoke of the amount

Since 1885 Specialists Nicotine 2 tOUISVILLE KENTUCKY Hotel paid for advertising. Most newspapers

LOOK FOR THE LEAF ON THE PACKAGE and magazines of the country accept liquor ads. Among some of the outstanding ones who do not, according

to The Spotlight are the following:Skilled Hands *'liilil

Mean Higher Pay SaturdayGentleman, EveningLadies'Post,Home CountryJournal, kfc* jbJs Good Housekeeping, Pathfinder, Par- c** ents'Magazine, The Woman, Scholastic, Etude Magazine, Capper publications, The Christian Herald, National training Quish has Geographic, Science and Mechanics, to thou-- dividends paid roStudents isands.

(mining HOTEL LANKERSHIM Photoplay, Popular Mechanics, Radio ceive intensive 7th of '.under I supervision BROASWAfS American, Reader's Scientific Mirror, experts..Enroll, any MODERATE. Progressive Digest, Farmer, SEND Headquarters FREE The RATESin FOR CATALOGtime. Los Anaela.!??FRANK Operator

V. Better H.R.WISHON. Farmer, and Gardens. BAY Homes BECKETT. Manaow scHoflim

of high are worthy this they comgive. which sJev.jff MBU.TV338 SOUTHCULTUREMAtN, TWO PI&S0NSLOS ANGELESONE CHUCf Formendation we gladly

Evidences and Reconciliations

(Continued from page 161) 'Well/ says one, 'if I am pretty sure to get a state of glory better than this, I guess I will not take the trouble to inherit anything more.'

Well, run the risk of it, every man on the earth has the privilege. The

gospel is preached, sin revives, some die and some contend against it some receive it and some do not;

but this is the sin of. the people

it. reject is toldtruth they them and

it's right It right tastes because Syrup. made Thrifty Ideas! for $5.00 is 'Light sin the of the world.This. rich Vermont sugar and maple from

they're recipes because These have fame won best the cane with blended smoothly Canada.. pure the into but world, menhas come costly, they too eating without being and good the sugar. uses worlds cook! for good of Has light, berather thanlove darkness all delicacies. rich, use homestyle Tea Garden like $5.00 pay one We them? you their are deedscause bachelor, has a Angeles Misch, Los for Lou recipe used. every Tea Garden one your Mail day. using smart Tea Bing Cherry GardenJesus way of m his dealer's to Products Tea Weevil.'say, Soheresaidis Haveand Garden name

the gospel of life and salvation, and Co., San Francisco, Dept. E. Preserves

crackers. butter Toast plenty Spread round of will it, glory, receive thateveryone Prelightly Cherry with Tea Bing Garden is definitely fresh! is keen Color and life Flavor eternal immortalityhonor, and serves. eggs. with generously Cover scrambled the secret Springtime! is Tea Garden And

it, reject theirs; take they if theyare.. naturally Juice. "the pure sweet Grape

8 rich, like! If fullthe marmalade you Orange ever,"says best Salinas, Mrs. Loren Ramsey,their chance."

Now, the concern of the Church California. sunripenedflavored kindoranges,made of bypureall sugarmeansandgetsweetTea

bis-! It's all celestial deliciousis absolutely into Garden the on hot to bring men

Easter Salad cuits, waffles, pancakes, pudFrench toast, in It interest has nokingdom. the 1 gelatin envelope unflavored tarts. dings, ice cream, and

(1 tablespoon) docother, kingdoms. lower Every *4 cold cup water

boiling cup water Y2 principle,trine, of organitem and Here's goldenyellow dessert a dreamy made 1 cup Grape Tea Garden luscious Preserves. Juice with Tea Peach Garden confectioners cup sugar pertains theization within Church %

salt teaspoon is pride recipe the of Mrs. joy and The John % glory. celestialto the celery manner cup chopped The % Oatfield, Milwaukie, Oregon. R. 1 diced apples cup

this highest into theof entrance nuts chopped cup y kingdom, is therefore made clear. ingSoakwater,gelatinGrapein coldJuice,water.sugarCombineand salt;boilTea Garden Daffodils

unflavored gelatin to a and stir. boil. Add gelatin When 1 envelope

(1 tablespoon) celery, thickenedAny person who wishes to enter it bringcool and add chopped must have faith and repent from his apples and nuts. Pour into ring mold and Y2 cup cold milk

sins. Then he must be baptized, and Fillchill.centerUnmoldwithon dressingnest of shreddedof cream lettuce.cheese 12 cupeggs,hotseparatedmilk

sugar cup 6 for blended. Serves and mayonnaise gift of thereceive Ghost the Holy salt teaspoon 6f each! about Yz%i/2 extract teaspoon almond to divine authority hasby one who heavy cream cup %

cup Peach Tea Garden Preserves clusters take sugarrich big Concord are We ordinances. of Theseperform such 1 sliced pineapple Y2can

their out gently press pure unand in grapes in gelatin cold milk.principles ordinances other which Heat and

is juice. diluted added. Nothing Nothing in boiler. of of top milk is Dissolvemeasure double

their entirety belong peculiarly to removed. Tea Garden Grape Juice makes a Beat egg yolks with sugar and salt. Pour

to hot milk return over double and them beverage. valuable breakfast Also perfect for higher kingdom.the boiler. slowly, stir until constantly, Heat

it coolers desserts. and summer Put coats gelatin. spoon. custard Cool Add laid the having After stiffflavoring. fold in thickened add When list. today's shopping foundation sherbet,on

ly whites beaten has and egg that cream to celestial his membership claimfor in fold Last, whipped. been Tea Garden

Preserves. half glasses Pill slender Peach to receive association, he must,and leftovers! perfect use Easy! way to ham A full. Chill overnight. on dessert Unmold cold! or hot Showy! According Good to plates.all pineapple kingplace Cut of this available in wedges; blessings

dom, comply with the many requireTeaMarionGardenJones,CaneSan Francisco,and MapletheSyruprichnesshelpsof broadaroundsidemoldsinward.to resembleServes flower6 generously.petals,

ments for life within the Church. He "make"this recipe.

belongs to "those who are valiant and inspired with the true independence - Ham Loaf a la Tea Garden TEA GARDEN PRODUCTS CO.

of heaven, who will go forth boldly About1 cup freshly2 cups groundgrated cheeseham in the service of their God, leaving 22 teaspoonsteaspoons scrapedhorseradishonion others to do as they please, deter12 slicesteaspoonbread,preparedin crumbsmustard mined to do right, though all man12 cuptablespoonstomato juicechopped celery take the op- 2 tablespoonskind besides should Tea Garden Cane and TEA

Maple Syrup 7 posite course."All this having been 2 eggs, lightly beaten

done, he is qualified to enter the Mixloaf allpan.ingredientsPlace pan well.in hotPourwater.into Bakegreasedin

celestial kingdom. Indeed, he is hot,slow hamoven loaf(325isP.)deliciousabout 1 withhour. followingIf served

sauce: combinethen, even on earth, in the celestial % cupCurrantTea GardenJelly Orangewith 2 Marmalade or Red

kingdom of God. tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon prepared mustard. Stir; heat until marmalade

Naturally, those who enter the or jelly melts. Pour over ham loaf. Serves 6.

celestial kingdom are of various at- {Concluded on page 190) When it comes to real downeast flavor, you just cant beat Tea Garden Cane and Maple discourses of Brigham Young, 1941 Ed., p.

384, see also Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, PRESERVES JELLIES TABLE SYRUPS * GRAPE JUICE MARASCHINO CHERRIESp. 12.

Discourses of Brigham Young, 383.

MARCH 1948 189 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS them. They carry on the work of

salvation for the hosts of waiting (Concluded from page 189) To enter the highest of these despirits. They who are so exalted

tainments. There is not absolute grees in the celestial kingdom is to become even as the gods. They will

uniformity anywhere among the be exalted in the kingdom of God. be "from everlasting to everlasting,

children of God. Their innate caSuch exaltation comes to those who because they continue."9

pacities and their use of the law of receive the higher ordinances of the To find entrance to the celestial free agency make them different, Church, such as the temple endowkingdom, and be exalted therein, often widely so. Therefore, the ment, and afterwards are sealed in form the great hope of every true

members of the highest kingdom are marriage for time and eternity, Latterday Saint.

also grouped, according to the whether on earth or in the hereafter. The fate of the sons of perdition

Prophet Joseph Smith into three Those who are so sealed continue is not known. There will be few 8

"degrees."the family relationship eternally. of them, for few know so much as to

'Doctrine 6 Covenants. 131:1 Spiritual children are begotten by fall so low. The suggestion has

been made, by Brigham Young and all others, that that lose they will au yoos chops pyMm jourin the gained long they have ney, from the dim beginning. They

must start over again. But theirSPRAY THE IRON AGE WAY fate is sealed from us. In this matter we must accept God's own declaration: "Eternal punishment is

God's punishment. Endless punishment is God's punishment."—/, 10A W.

eIbid.. 132:20

10Ibid.. 19:1112

Age DistributorsHere's why you get more coverage at Iron Let's Talk It Over

STATES IMPLEMENT CO. MOUNTAIN

lower cost with IRON AGE SPRAYERS Ogden, Utah (Concluded from page 153) quickly and make it a success. If it

users say to what spraying about Listen the Iron "Sprayed over 155 is bad, be just as quick to discourage Age way:

acres the full season without putting a wrench its patronage. If good amusement

.. to saves pump"Age my me is in furnished your community, sup-

I becausemoney never. "Iron have any pump

it. If port is bad furamusement trouble."builds sizes in sprayers Iron Age and

capacities to meet every grower's demand for nished, stay home. Give the bishop

machine a that delivers coverage maximum with low upkeep. The famous Iron Age Pump YORK, PA. your best efforts. Get together and

clean and maintains high still decorate your chappressures ward needed, and

PLANTERS TRANSPLANTERS VEGETABLE takes after a beating season season without els halls. and amusement POTATOLam*AND for Hunt DIGGERS WEEDERS DUSTERS POTATO breakdowns. Write for information to A.

SPECIAL MACHINERY JUICE PRESSES B. SPRAYERSCONVEYORS music. good Co., Farquhar St., York, Duke Pa. 3408-M

Remember that life is not static.

The baby of today is the young of person tomorrow the adult and about the TALKING PLMN of next week. tomorrow, Day after

you are that parent, that city father, Wl KUlftK ORGAN that allimportant, influential fellow ("Music's Richest Voice") decides about saloons and Will Help YOU And Your CHURCH who dance halls and books. who writes

Be consistent. Do not criticize

thinking evil in one form it in accept and. -. by TOU'LL BENEFIT another. stand. this: where you Know carefully about

Try not to blame those just ahead

The investment.Pt-&u/-Could you withoutt of you for all the evil you see in

try, conthe also, world, but to merit a INFORMATION SKX available little praise various that those from come WURnew the See after you. cerntngSes? in. features T 1TZER choice. it busy. clear to Get everyright Make u,ise, the "ake

one that you are assuming your full

See and Hear the Wurlitzer Organ share of responsibility in life. Label

DURING CONFERENCE things. Everything that is on the

MR. SELDON N. HEAPS help you. in..everyeminentway.organist... will "up and up"—that is fine and happy—mark, "I'll take it."And everything that is soiled, poor, below &'. SUMMERHAYS MUSIC Co.

17 West First South Phone 5-5881 standard, label, "no sale."Yours

I is the choice. It's up to you!

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Americas Tfe Cotabws THE THE STORY before n* AMERICAS OF THE BEFORE BOOK OF COLUMBUS MORMON $Coo *300 This book is the complete text of the Book 196 pages, more than 300 pictures of recent of Mormon written in a simplified form to excavations of archaeological areas in Mexmeet the needs of young people... misico, Central America and Peru, with explansionaries, and the adult membership of the

atory text about the culture, religion, and life church in general. Liberally illustrated with

of the ancient inhabitants. pictures of Ancient American ruins.

DESERET BOOK COMPANYSalt Lake City 10, Utah 44 East South Temple Street

Please send me THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS ($5.00)

THE STORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON ($3.00)

Name Address

.,,. aeta new Fame CooiER/l/R

"Ocean -breeze"summer comfort, in your home or place of business, now is easily, quickly available through your PAYNE COOLERAIR dealer. Ask him about this years -ahead evaporative

cooler that the West has been waiting for.

14 POINTS OF SUPERIORITY... including NEWTYPE "FIBERGLAS":ik

EVAPORATIVE FILTERSclean, sanitary, odorless, longlived—

that obsolete oldfashioned woodfiber pads. Also: Certified airdelivery; evaporative efficiency of 90% plus; PAYNE standards of

quality and performance; 10 other star features.

WRITE for free booklet and name of nearest dealer.

PAYNE FURNACE COMPANY (One of the DRESSER Industries) BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 85

St> VWCoolerOir

MARCH 1948 191 &Wl

"SPEAK THE SPEECH"L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S OF HOMES deflleth the into mouth goeth that which said, "Not 24th St., Calif. a ADDRESSES1104 Cor. Jesus 24th "C,"San Diego, &

this defileth mouth, the out of cometh that which but man; St., Calif. 1836 Alice Oakland,

a man."(Matt. 15:11.) On another occasion he admonished: 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

"But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.

be justified, thy words thou shalt "For by and by thy words Naval Station Services 12: 3637.) (Matt. condemned."shalt be thou

With these quotations sounding in our ears, we should try L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

to attain to a mastery over the language which is so essential information:

to make our thoughts and ideas known. The importance of "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

speech can hardly be overemphasized since it is through Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

language that we come to know each other. We may judge Norfolk, Virginia."

by appearance and dress, but we come to know only when language has opened the mind and the heart.

In trying to improve our speech, one warning should be

I definitely like or so so. But to see a any more,"do not mistakes; others we not judge by their must given: We

in her or hands. I'm with in agreement a cigaret mouth woman more imare far thoughts, which ideas and judge by must

portant than words. However, we, ourselves, should try with you on clothes and backgrounds they have for the

movies. friends love our speech. in mistakes making to avoid We

Some pictures I like to see are the real mysteries and I are dress; of but we regardless are, how they for what they

happy if they dress appropriately. In a similar way, we do mean mysteries, but the pictures such as "Cat People,"

respect ideas, no matter how they are clothed, although we "The Lady and the Monster,"keep me awake at night and accept them more readily if they are wellexpressed. make me break out in a cold sweat. The movies give us a

lot that of foolish to ideas believe but be true we sometimes first fall of our on some should the emphasis Probably aren't. aren't all bad, far from movies But the which it. The in the years ago several ran words. particular These we

for telling the public national situations movies are good and titled, "Let's section Say It Correctly."We have been asked

tell us things things at didn't before the home, and to we idea. the to revive Possibly the most abused of the words is Melchizedek—know, in such pictures as "Sister Kenny,"etc.

Deloris Hutcheon and do we know it! The e's—all of them—are pronounced

position i i ill the is in note like the But in met. as The Holladay, Utah it?) (did note i; syllable. chi it is you the second Mel the of

Editors: Dear all i syllable. falls That's the on accent the dek. ze And

I is all that write here to in altogether going am final it the that That's is will say way? to you there Not it—but article recent with Mrs. Josephson's agreement about of test knowledge.

it! for asked movies, but you i, the did remember (you Melchi with associated Closely

It is quite us. the that are apparent with movies always is misprois quorum, which the zedek, word didn't you?)

is point present that important they challenge the most a me To filled or ten. quotas of times out you nine nounced When their children help the to to to to parents worth'and find find proquantity, must a have or quarters you had counted

in real values, things, discard a the movie while and it to comes then change as when the w; u why nounced

in the ideas. faced with are every problem same harmful theWe the exactly in It same pronounced should be quorum?

it life; in too. activity the other movies, with master can we manner.

I picture to best shows, very not and do go many my It requested. is rhymes that has been another word Err title, etc., the efforts the of nature to from a divine show

h! is the the without same, pronounced her And (and with I disappointed, being but not save from always do me this e's, of let's the think of the name are while on we for grateful of the times plenty occasion to be found have

the is eat, in the and as word pronounced magazine. e The I I live the in notice people around and me. which For

in sofa. a as

Maybe that is enough for a start—now go to it, and proofthattheinaudiencethe "pictures"near me,as couragewell as andin thegenuinenesswhisperedandcommentsgentlenounce these words correctly!—M. C. /. ness are still applauded. We are not living in the times of the

Roman circus, or of religious persecution in medieval England.

Palm Springs, California I doubt if the bad influence exerted by characters on the

January 28, 1948 screen compares in amount with what we encounter daily at

Dear Editors: school or play. A young person's resistance to all this is

mostly developed unconsciously through his parents'attitude find the Era a most instructive and beneficial companion toward life in general.

I during the quiet moments at the switchboard all through Now! Let's set our own houses in order—Let's learn to the night here at the Desert Inn. discriminate, whether we are parents or children,—sixyears I found myself a subscriber rather unexpectedly, resulting old or sixty—let's write the producers a onecent postal once

from a letter from my father in Beaver, Utah, who informed in a while about what we liked or didn't like and why.

me that he needed subscribers in the Era drive. Without much Very truly yours,

of a concept as to the wealth of reading material that would A. P. Bennion

be forthcoming, I promptly sent in my subscription money.

Needless to say, after receiving your recent issues, I find Tyler, Texas myself avidly "taking it all in."Grateful acknowledgment January 3, 1948

is in order. Sincerely, OurtheentireEra. familyMy subscriptionfeels the influencehas runthatout,comesso withinfrom readinga few

Joseph F. Gentry days I am mailing cost to cover a renewal of The Improvement Era.

Neola, Utah We aren't members of the L.D.S. Church, simply because

Dear Editors: we adults feel that we yet lack so much in the way of underof writing years to age. I girl fourteen L.D.S. an am am standing. We are hungry for close contact with the L.D.S.

I in the "...and so the again. Movies,"people on your article January you

1948 issue. As to your attitude on smoking in the pictures The Improvement Era has come to mean so much—a leader

by males and females alike, it may sound childish, but reof periodicals, in our family. Do you print a magazine espegardless of our age we always speak to be the prettiest girl cially for children? (Ours are boys aged 12 and 7 years.)

in the show until later on in the picture she casually picks up Sincerely, a cigaret and you may be able to hear, "Oh, I don't like her Mrs. Louie Allene Frazier

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA llillpp 1 VE owned John Deere Tractors for more than twenty years and I've never seen their equal for field dependability and ease of handling. What's more, I know

er tractor would have cost me nearly twice as much for rene. Naturally, I'm 100% sold on my new John Deere. Ifs

been well worth waiting for."

Only a twocylinder tractor with its fewer, more rugged parts offers this proved performance and only John Deere builds twocylinder tractors.

In addition to their twocylinder advantages, you'll find todesign. in modern Tractors Deere John HYDRAULIC conhydraulic exclusive dual POWRTROL outstandingsystem—accurately day'sPowrTrol—an hand. of your touch at a equipment integral drawn and trols both

developrevolutionary wheels—another in any easier steering comfort and Roll-O-Maticment—give youfront"kneeaction"

condition. These are just two of the many new features

that will make your farming easier... faster... more profitable.

There's a John Deere in just the right type and size to meet your exact needs... with your choice of allfuel or gasoline

cyclonicfuel-intake engines... and with matched equipment to

ROLL-O-MATIC handle your every job more efficiently. See your John Deere dealer.

FRONT WHEELS

:.I.- m *&*

Get the facts NOW! JOHN DEERE

The more you know about these new tractors, the more convinced you'll be to dividendsit will pay you big wait WX IHOMPEJRiv M9MSSMCHV facts get all thefor So, Deere. a John

write to John Deere, Moline, Illinois,for your free copy of this new folder. /&**

Do it today!

RETU8H POSTAGE GUAKANTEED SALT LAKE CiTY 1, UTAH

!f

-V

CHANGEABLE AS LIGHT AND

SHADOW- -WIND AND CLOUD W... ***?

When all is well, these rugged landmarks are kind

.. protecting.. beautiful. But quickly they become

cold, dark, and cruel.

Life, too, is beautiful -when troubles are far away.

And that's the time to put forth extra effort foi

the protection of your family... should there come

a change. 4* Carry plenty of life insurance -now!

I s lain iniMattnaeaaiaa orai George Albert Smith, PresSalt Ue City. Utah SKYLINES OF UTAH AND SANPETE VALLfK

Photo by Ha] Rumel