'.".'*:"Step into this picture

Own building sites in the heart of Utah on a wholesale basis. Limited number of

sites available at $600 per acre and up.

Heritage Hills is a beautiful picture nestled and Brigham Young University. Step into

deep in the heart of the Wasatch Mountains this picture and own land in this surrounding the early pioneer community recreational paradise. Write today for a

of Wallsburg. free, fullcolor brochure.

A beautiful mountain setting, with trees, Conference Visitors:

brooks and wildlife, Heritage Hills is Write or call for a FREE tour of more than land, it is the opportunity to Historic Wallsburg and Heritage Hills invest in the future for yourself and while in Salt Lake.

your family. (Absolutely no obligation, of course)

Heritage Hills is an easy drive from Salt Salt Lake City, Phone (801) 3554263

Lake City and within minutes of Provo Provo, Phone (801) 3736650

20 ACRE PARCELS Available Brokers Welcome Wholesale Basis HERITOGB HILLS per acre and up Resident Broker - Bushnell Real Estate, Inc. $600 Post Office Box 603 Provo, Utah 84601

Generous Terms Telephone (801) 3736650

Stories and Pictures That Make the Bible Live

tfpSH

THE STORY OF DAVID Praised by Catholic and GOLIATH and Protestant Clergy alike and Still David did not flinch. accepted in thouInstead, he calmly took one of sands of homes

of all faiths.

the stones from his bag, put it in his sling, and threw it with all his strength at the advancing Book size, 7 x 9SA inches.

giant. The watching thousands

held their breath. Actual size of prim.

Just one of over 400 stories presented with simplicity, beauty and clarity by storyBible S. Maxwell, dean ofArthur PARENTS value The Bible Story as a powerful to a fullcolor page openstellers. Every

illustration. Stories are written in assistant in the job of character building. Each of the

modern language, short enough to hold 400 Bible stories brings the color and excitement..

the attention of readers of all ages. and all the adventure... in the lives of famous men

. the greatest influence and women of Scripture.

for good in the world today, becomes easy to read and understand.

the whole Bible in living color as appealing Here are found the important lessons NOW in life for your child. as color television

PREVIEW the Entire 10 VOLUME Set

NO COST

or obligation Read about all 10 volumes of The Bible Story right in your own home.

ONE—The Book of Beginnings

TWO - Mighty Men of Old THREE - Trials and Triumphs FOUR—Heroes and Heroines

FIVE - Great Men of God SIX—Struggles and Victories

SEVEN - WonderfulJesus EIGHT—Prince of Princes

NINE -King of Kings TEN - The Final Victory six THE PERFECT GIFT t for boys and girls of all ages..

for enjoyment by the whole family.

stories building brings character from you 400 iF/lD) 1 1 P <) will ever written... Greatest lHyJlflizr the capture 1 1 L2)Im L"L& Book U

and stimulate the growing child's imagination. Fully crossindexed to help you

find ready answers to your child's questions. Written in modern language and

printed in clear, easy to read type. Also available in French, Spanish and German.

NO OBLIGATION NO POSTAGE NEEDED

FREE Preview BOOKLET MAIL CARD TODAY pages actual book size—stories and pictures children love.

LOOK FOR THE POSTAGEPAID REPLY CARD INSIDE BACK COVER

READERS PRAISE THE BIBLE STORIES an introduction to the Bible which the child will of to able today understand bePARENTS, JUDGES, TEACHERS, of the adult as letters on file Complete LEADERS,CHURCH YOUTH AND Congregational are volumes tomorrow."Pastor—"The

build booksall agree: Good good School Superintendent—"I have charSunday just to start the is needed youngsters what

at interest children the been the amazedacter help and people young to meet toward an understanding and knowledge in Story. Bible have The shown.. The of the Bible."life.successfully realities the of Just

in teaching.". help are a books wonderful

Presbyterianas heartily builds food good Church Pastor—"I bodies, strong so

this set to as all parents interestreading, togood books build healthy minds. Principal,ion that theyCatholicshouldSchool—"Itbe in everyis homemy opinand ingcommendand wholesome Chrisand

Color photos by Marvin Polin every classroom. These books can serve as tian mothers, fathers, and older relatives."

As advertised in The Improvement Era

The Voice of the Church September 1970 Volume 73, Number 9

Special Features

Editor's Page: The Sacredness of Marriage, President Joseph Fielding

Smith 4 Confirming Records of Moroni's Coming, Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

9 The Generations, Leonore Y. Parkinson

On the Cover 1012 TheB. H.SpiritRoberts:of MissionaryA MormonWork,PhilosophyJay M. ofToddSpeech, Dr. Eric G. Stephan

Sunday, September 21, 1823, is one of 20 The Peruvian Earthquakes, by Two Missionaries

After Betty McMillan Ten Years, 22 in the restoration milestone days those with Robert 24 My Confrontation Mormonism, L. Cannon

gospel. three of the Over years had Relief Society Magazine, C. Sharp Marianne The 26

passed since Joseph Smith, Jr., had 38 Mud on His Shoes, Ned A. Stokes

seen and communicated with the Father 40 Mother of a Nation, Helen H. Trutton

Sacrifice to the To Offer An Acceptable 64 Cannon Bennion Lord, Owen years 18 Now, the Son. almost and

Trifles, Dr. Harold Clark Glen 72 Tremendous

to be anxious on old, Joseph was Wilford Woodruff's Mission to Maine, Donald Q. Cannon with 82

his appointed mission. "During the 88 The New Meetinghouse Library Program

space of time which intervened between the time I had seen the vision and the Regular Features year eighteen hundred and twentythree 16 Lest We Forget: I'll Go Where You Want Me to Go, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

... I frequently fell into many foolish 30 Genealogy: Books of Remembrance or Books of Encumbrance, Lawerrors, and displayed the weakness of rence W. Rand

LDS Scene 36 nature. youth, and the foibles of human

Bishopric's Presiding Page: Bishop The Talks to Youth About 56 Presiding

... things of these In consequence of Life, the Challenges Meeting Bishop John H. Vandenberg

after I retired to my bed for the night, 68 The Church Moves On

I betook myself to prayer and supplica70 Buffs and Rebuffs 2: Family: for Part Decision Analysis Larger Making, Family 76 Today's of for forgiveness tion to Almighty God

Dr. Decisions, Melvin J. Stanford

follies, all for also sins and and my in Review: Research Fast as Staying Running as and You Can a 80 On &

.".. (See to manifestation me. The Elliott Dr. Place, the D. Landau Same

Writings of Joseph Smith in the Pearl 90 These Times: The U.S. and World Order, Dr. G. Homer Durham

of Great Price.) 95 End of an Era

Three times during the night and 18, 61,Spoken69, 71Word, Richard L. Evans

twice the next day, a resurrected prophethistorian-soldier of the AmeriEra of Youth cas, Moroni, appeared to Joseph Smith and instructed him concerning an anMarion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

cient record that four years hence would 42 Of Saints and Heroes, Elaine Cannon

Awhile, Marion D. Hanks

Me, Separated—forIf You Really Loved You Would be given him in preparation for its 4647

appearance in the English language. 48 Interview with Neal A. Maxwell, Jim Jardine... and Rich Boyer

The book would be known as the Book 51 The Compromise, Linda Buhler Sillito of Mormon, in honor of Moroni's father, 54 The Impossible Dream who had done most of the editorial work on the record. The volume covFiction, Poetry

ered a period of history from about 58 The Risk of Love, Catherine Kay Edwards 2247 B.C. to A.D. 421. In time Joseph 34, 40, 62, 68, 74

Smith would say, "I told the brethren Poetry that the Book of Mormon was the most

L. Fielding Smith, Editor; Editors; Joseph Evans, Doyle Green, M. Managing Todd, Assistant Editor; Managing Eleanor earth, the and of on book correct any Editor; Jr.,Jay Editor; JonesL. RichardMabel Albert Gabbott, Zobell, Manuscript Editor; T. William Bernell Sykes, W.

L. Knowies,Berrett, Associates; EditorialCopy Albert Payne,L. G, Nibley, Elliott Durham, Hugh ResearchG. Homer Madsen, Landau, Leonard Arrington,.".. (History religion. of our keystone Editors; Contributing D. Era Editor; of Trumanof Hanks, Marion Era Elaine Youth Youth Cannon, Associate Editor; DirecRalph Art Reynolds,

tor; Artist. Price, Staff Norman

Vol. p. 461.) of 4, the Church, Eldredge, S. General W. Florence F. Associate Manager; Jay General Jacobsen, Scott, Verl Manager; A. Business Manager; Glen

Circulation S. Snarr, Glenn Manager; Advertising Representative. Smith, the through then, Little that wonder, Superintendent, of General Association of Mutual Men's Improvement The Young Jesus Christ of Latterday Church Saints, 1970;

All published Mutual the Associations. by rights reserved. Improvement their to brushes put artists haveyears

City, at Entered Post the Lake as class at matter. Utah, for special second Acceptance mailing rate of postage provided

in of for section Office,Act 1103, 2, July authorized 1917, 1918. OctoberSalt surevents thepainting memorable

in Subscription price year, a issues. advance; $4.00 except Thirty copy days'35c for notice of change

ordering address. label change, include please a singleyour address specialfrom of recent issue When the requiredaddress magazine; canchanges of forth the the Book rounding coming

is the olda unless address, as well not be included. as one, the made new

is contributions Era /mprovement The welcomes for unsolicited responsible accomcover is a reproductionof Our Mormon. sufficient return.but postage panied by Advertising: and Paymentnot upon Era be to carry mustpleased ManuscriptsThe forreaders,delivery of interest to but so doing ishis not implyis made does Church advertiser or endorsementacceptance.manuscripts. product. Lovell, advertisements painting, of by artist a new Tom

of Official the Priesthood organ Quorums, Mutual Associations, Improvement Committee, Teaching Music Homeof the will in visitors widely usedthat be Committee, other School System, Church and of agencies The of Jesus Latterday Christ Church of Saints.

centers by the Church Information

Service. The Improvement Era,79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, September 1970 1 The Sacredness Marriage is considered by a great many people as merely a civil contract or agreement between a man and woman that they will live together, "until death do you part."

No ordinance connected with the gospel of

Jesus Christ is of greater importance, of more solemn and sacred nature, and more necessary to the eternal joy of man than marriage in the house of the Lord. It is an eternal principle

upon which the very existence of mankind depends. The Lord gave the law of marriage to

man in the beginning of the world as a part of the gospel law. In the gospel plan, marriage

should endure forever. If all mankind would

live in strict obedience to the gospel and in that love which is begotten by the Spirit of the The

Lord, all marriages would be eternal, and

Editor's Page divorce would be unknown.

Divorce is not part of the gospel plan. DiBy President Joseph Fielding Smith vorce has been introduced because of the hardness of people's hearts and their unbelief. When

the Pharisees tempted Christ, saying: "Is it

lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?"he answered them: "Have ye not read,

that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female, And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain

shall be one flesh? Wherefore they are no

more twain, but one flesh. What therefore

God hath joined together, let not man put of Marriage asunder."Then when they asked why Moses be everlasting. It is the foundation for eternal

permitted divorce, the answer of the Lord was exaltation, for without it there could be no "Moses because of the hardness of your hearts eternal increase in the kingdom of God.

suffered you to put away your wives: but from Marriages among Latterday Saints are eterthe beginning it was not so."(See Matt. nal if they are properly performed, because the

19:3-8.) What God joins together is eternal. Eternal Father gave the covenant of marriage

Marriage is a principle that, when entered that is received by couples who go to the into, presents more challenges and blessings temple for this blessing. The almost universal

than any other. It should be lived in the spirit idea that marriage is a contract which must

of patience and love, even that greater love end at death did not originate with our Father.

which comes through the power of the Holy It was introduced by the enemy of truth, who

Spirit. Nothing will prepare mankind for has sworn to overthrow the kingdom of

exaltation in the kingdom of God as readily as righteousness if he can. The first marriage ever

faithfulness to the marriage covenant. Through performed on this earth was performed before

this covenant, perhaps more than any other, death came into the world, and the thought we accomplish the perfect degree of the divine of death and a separation did not enter into it.

will. If properly received, this covenant can be May all Latterday Saint youth desire the

the means by which man gains his greatest true and sacred way of eternal marriage with happiness. The greatest honors in this life and all their hearts and souls.

in the life to come—honor, dominion, and power May all Latterday Saint fathers and mothers

in perfect love—are blessings that flow from it. teach their children the sacredness of the marThese blessings of eternal glory are held in riage covenant. Let them impress upon their

reserve for those who are willing to abide in children that in no other way than by honoring this and all other covenants of the gospel. the covenants of God, among which the coveThe Lord has given to the Church definite nant of eternal marriage is one of the greatest,

instructions in relation to this sacred principle, can they obtain the blessings of eternal lives.

which is so essential to the happiness of man. If they will be true to these commandments,

There is in the Church a ceremony that gives their glory and exaltation shall have no to the covenanting parties blessings that do bounds: "... all things are theirs,... and

not end with death. Marriage as understood they are Christ's, and Christ is God's. And they

by Latterday Saints is a covenant ordained to shall overcome all things."(D&C 76:5960. ) O

Era, September 1970 3 Confirming Records of Moroni's Coming By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

Illustrated by Phyllis Luch Authentic experience teems with detail. Momen- "History of Joseph Smith."

tous events can be retold with new dimensions 3. In 1842, the Prophet approved for publication

because descriptive powers only approximate the the Wentworth Letter, a summary of the main points vividness of real life. On five occasions, experienced of Church history up to that time. By an interesting

scribes recorded the appearance of Moroni to Joseph coincidence, it was published in the Times and

Smith on September 21 and 22, 1823. Four distinct Seasons one issue prior to the first installment of the

manifestations had called the young prophet to his detailed "History of Joseph Smith."Characterized by

work of translating an ancient record, an intense the Prophet himself as a "brief history,"it is a sparkling spiritual contact unsurpassed in scripture. gem of condensation. 3

The quality of the written history about Moroni's 4. The spontaneous quality of a personal convercoming is even more striking. Not only are multiple sation with Joseph Smith is preserved in the 1835

accounts of a vision rare in the Bible, but the exact record of the interview with the notorious pretender process of recording is not known. However, the "Joshua, the Jewish minister."Joseph Smith defended

accounts of Moroni's first appearances are generally his own authority by relating God's call through the actual dictations to secretaries known for their coming of angels. Somewhat more detailed than the

recordkeeping skills, and the result furnishes ten Wentworth letter, the 1835 conversation was taken times the detail of even the three versions of Paul's down at the time by Warren Cowdery. 4

first vision. 5. The first published history of the coming

The past few years have seen intense study of the of Moroni appeared in letter form in the Messenger

First Vision by Latterday Saint scholars and the and Advocate in 1835. Its author was Oliver Cowconsequent publication of several littleknown narradery, but its wealth of detail must be attributed

tives of Joseph Smith's earliest spiritual experience. 1 largely to the Prophet. Prefacing the first installment,

However, every major record of the First Vision conthe Second Elder indicated that he had the full tinues its narrative through the coming of Moroni. cooperation and "assistance"of the First Elder, and

Therefore, recently publicized records of the First the narrative is interspersed with occasional indicaVision also permit the visions concerning the Book of tions of this, either the language of quotation ("to use

Mormon to be told in greater depth. First, it is neceshis own words") or details obviously originating with

sary to review the five sources that detail Moroni's the Prophet. 5

first appearances: Because critics of Joseph Smith have misused the

1, The most important account of the early visions Cowdery letters, it is important to stress their limitais also the most widely used. Its total circulation is tions. Like many writers, Oliver Cowdery aspired

numbered in millions. In pamphlet form it is now to more than he could perform. His preface enknown as Joseph Smith's Testimony, Its dictation visioned "a full history of the rise of the Church of

began in 1838, its first publication as the "History of the Latter Day Saints, and the most interesting parts

Joseph Smith"was in 1842 in the Times and Seasons, of its progress...."What he actually produced,

and it has been printed in full form since 1902 as the however, was a history of the years in which the intended opening of the Prophet's detailed narrative, Book of Mormon was revealed and delivered for

History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday translation, 1823 to 1827. Skeptics assert that Joseph

Saints, It is familiar to every reading Latterday Saint Smith did not have a First Vision because Oliver as a part of his scriptures, the "Extracts from the Cowdery did not narrate it. With equal logic, one

History of Joseph Smith, the Prophet"as part of the might claim that nothing of note took place in MorPearl of Great Price. mon history from 1827 to 1835 because Oliver

2. Next in importance is. the earliest known manuCowdery's narrative stops at 1827. Arguments from

script record of the early visions. Through the insilence are extremely hazardous. Although Oliver

valuable work of Dean Jessee, of the Church HisCowdery apparently began to narrate the background torian's Office, it has been known that this account of the First Vision, he shifted his chronology and was written in either 1831 or 1832. However, he has jumped from 1820 to 1823—we do not know why."

recently discovered that the recorder (Frederick G.

Williams ) did not begin to write for the Prophet until religionDr. Richardat BrighamLloyd Anderson,Young University,professoris ofthehistoryauthorandof

the later date. This earliest manuscript history is therenumerous articles on the New Testament and the hisfore fixed at 1832. 2 This early attempt at official history classtory ofin thethe PleasantChurch. ViewHe teachesFirst Ward.the Gospel Doctrine

is more detailed than any other account except the

Era, September 1970 5 However, he did compose the longest account of the striking metaphor is repeated in the 1838 History, in 1823 revelations. All historians must be read in terms which the Prophet vividly detailed the angel's garof their strengths and weaknesses, and Oliver Cowment—"a whiteness beyond anything earthly I had

dery's letters are essentially descriptions of the ever seen"—and person: "glorious beyond description,

coming of Moroni and his message. and his countenance truly like lightning."Retelling

The records discussed above make it obvious that could not improve upon comparing the brilliant

Latterday Saint history is in the process of its own messenger to fiery lightning.

correlation program. Multiple narratives of major In fact, Joseph Smith portrays the intense glory

events challenge historians to the hard work of collectalso described by biblical prophets, a thoughtprovok- ing and the hard thinking of comparing. What ing fact. Though in different words, they report a

emerges in the case of Moroni's coming is a powerful common vision experience, an indication of the reality story of an overwhelming experience for Joseph Smith. of it all. Just as "the glory of the Lord shone round

But the intense nightlong instruction from an angel about"(Luke 2:9) in ancient visions, the youthful

can be best appreciated by studying the sequence of Prophet found his room illuminated "lighter than at episodes during this time. For ease in handling quonoonday."This celestial radiance is pictured in the

tations from the five sources, the following system 1842 narrative: "a light like that of day, only of a

will be adopted: (a) the basic Pearl of Great Price far purer and more glorious appearance and brightaccount, dictated in 1838, will not need citation; ness, burst into the room; indeed the first sight was

(b) supplemental information from Joseph Smith's as though the house was filled with consuming fire."

three other accounts will be cited by the year of their Every word just quoted from the Prophet in 1842 recording, as discussed above; (c) supplemental inis also found (in slightly amplified form) in the 1835

formation from the Oliver Cowdery letters will be account of Oliver Cowdery, but attributed to Joseph indicated by his name. Smith: "Indeed, to use his own description, the first

1. The Prayer for Direction sight was as though the house was filled with conNo man lives without feeling inadequacy and guilt suming and unquenchable fire."The Prophet's 1842

for his mistakes, and the candor of Joseph Smith in reiteration of Oliver Cowdery's words validates the describing inner conflict marks his narrative with latter's details of Moroni's appearance. Joseph Smith's

honesty. Conscious of his calling through his First approval of Oliver's narrative makes two other comVision, yet acutely aware of his human failings, he ments of Oliver highly significant: first, on the stature

sought a second revelation with "full confidence"of the angel: "a little above the common size of men

because he "had previously had one."Oliver Cowdery in this age,"and second, on the angel's personality.

evidently talked with the Prophet concerning the Joseph Smith disclosed the trust inspired by the perphysical surroundings of 1823. The earlyrising farm sonality of the messenger: "When I first looked upon

family was asleep, but Joseph lay awake for some him, I was afraid, but the fear soon left me."But the

time. Oliver Cowdery reported that "hours passed Prophet's secretary more intimately revealed the

unnumbered—how many or how few I know not, celestial love that accompanied celestial power:

neither is he able to inform me, but supposes it must "though his countenance was as lightning, yet it was have been eleven or twelve, and perhaps later, as the of a pleasing, innocent, and glorious appearance—so

noise and bustle of the family in retiring, had long much so, that every fear was banished from the heart, since ceased."All of Joseph's direct accounts mention and nothing but calmness pervaded the soul."

his fervent prayer, though one implies alternate prayer 3. The Angel's Identity

and contemplation: "I had not been asleep, but was "He called me by name, and said unto me that he

meditating upon my past life and experience. I was was a messenger sent from the presence of God to me,

well aware I had not kept the commandments, and I and that his name was Moroni."This wording in the

repented heartily for all my sins and transgressions, present Pearl of Great Price is modified from the and humbled myself before him whose eye surveys first printing, in which the messenger was identified all things at a glance"(1835). as "Nephi,"a fact that has generated its share of

2. The Angel's Appearance superficial comment. A textual critic or a court of law

In June 1830 (right after the organization of the reserves the right to use common sense in the face of

Church), Joseph Smith recorded his main impression obvious documentary errors. The "Nephi"reading

of the overwhelming sight of the angel, "whose contradicts all that the Prophet published on the subcountenance was as lightning, and whose garments ject during his lifetime. In 1835 Joseph Smith identiwere pure and white above all whiteness."7 This fied the messenger in official scripture: "Moroni,

whom I have sent unto you to reveal the Book of late, and their inability to do so would necessitate the

Mormon...."8 That year Oliver Cowdery also named Lord's accomplishment of this work through inspirathis individual in the Messenger and Advocate: "the tion. Joseph Smith's extended history explains the

angel Moroni, whose words I have been rehearsing, function of the Urim and Thummim, "two stones in... communicated the knowledge of the record of the

Nephites...."9 Without exhausting the evidence,

clearer nothing could than Smith's be statement Joseph 'Accounts of Moroni's appearances in printed the that the History year same began to be dictated: "Moroni, the person who deposited the

plates, from whence the Book of Mormon was transgive ten times the details that we lated, in a hill in Manchester, Ontario County, New

York, being dead, and raised again therefrom, aphave of Paul's first vision"peared unto me, and told me where they were; and

gave me directions how to obtain them."10

4. The Personal Message silver bows... fastened to a breastplate."SuppleJoseph Smith approached the Lord in sincere rementary accounts call them "transparent stones"

pentance, and the first words of the angel brought (1842) and characterize the instrument as a spiritual assurance and forgiveness. But the precise phrasing help: "God would give me power to translate it with

reminds every reader that there is no favoritism with the assistance of this instrument"(1835). But such

God—that full acceptance is based on overcoming a gift was based on continued worthiness—the Prophet

weakness. Oliver Cowdery's report stresses both the might have the "privilege"of obtaining the plates

mercy and the justice of God: Joseph "received a joy and translating "if obedient to the commandments of

and happiness indescribable by hearing that his own the Lord..."(Cowdery).

sins were forgiven, and his former transgressions to be 6. The Message of Restoration

remembered against him no more, if he then conThe accounts considered together depict the tinued to walk before the Lord according to his holy announcement of gospel restoration more clearly than commandments."The accuracy of Oliver Cowdery's the account in the Pearl of Great Price. There, howreporting is shown by the Prophet's inclusion of both ever, is the most detailed record of particular scriptures

forgiveness and responsibility in recalling Moroni's explained by the heavenly instructor. The great unfirst words: "and he said the Lord had forgiven me fulfilled prophecies of the Bible were about to be

my sins"( 1832 ); "he said... be faithful, and keep his vindicated in the modern era. The proud and wicked

commandments in all things"(1835). would face God's righteous anger at an imminent day

5. The Message of the Book of Mormon of judgment (Mai. 3, 4). Elijah would be sent to

The angel of God proclaimed a new dispensation, establish a great work of preparation for the coming and new scripture to restore "the fullness of the everof the Lord (Mai. 4:5-6). The "Lord shall set his

lasting gospel."Preserved on metal plates, the sacred hand again the second time to recover the remnant

book contained "an account of the former inhabitants of his people,"and there will be millennial peace and of this continent, and the source from whence thev security for the righteous - ( Isa. 11 ). All who abide

sprang."Moroni fully explained this subject. Oliver that day will accept and obey Jesus Christ (Acts

Cowdery reported "a history of the aborigines of this 3: 1921 ). The "terrible day of the Lord"will not come

country"from the angel, who "said they were literal unannounced, for his spirit will be "upon all flesh,"descendants of Abraham."Joseph Smith used identiand "your young men shall see visions"(Joel 2:2832).

cal language: "He said to me, the Indians were the Yet this is not a comprehensive list: "He quoted many

literal descendants of Abraham"(1835). The angel's other passages of scripture and offered many explanahistorical survey captured the complexity of actual tions which cannot be mentioned here."

civilizations: "a brief sketch of their origin, progress, The supplementary accounts are particularly helpcivilization, laws, governments, of their righteousness ful at this point. As implied above, Oliver Cowdery

and iniquity, and the blessings of God being finally named Isaiah 29 as a prophecy to be fulfilled; the

withdrawn from them as a people..."(1842). learned would be incapable of reading the "book that

The method of translation of the ancient record is sealed"(Isa. 29:1112). According to Oliver Cowwas also revealed. According to Oliver Cowdery, dery, the angel quoted the immediately following

Moroni clearly explained that prophecy would be passage: "Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a

fulfilled in presenting scholars an opportunity to transmarvelous work among this people, even a marvelous

Era, September 1970 7 work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise absolute, for he would be tempted by the financial

men shall perish, and the understanding of their value of the ancient objects to be entrusted to him prudent men shall be hid."(Isa. 29:14.) Oliver for a time. These instructions should guide everyone

Cowdery also explained the angel's message to Joseph with a call to serve: the angel warned "that I must

Smith as a call to begin the great work of the restorahave no other object in view in getting the plates but tion of Israel in the latter days, so that under the to glorify God, and must not be influenced by any

Messiah's leadership all may rejoice in one fold under other motive but that of building his kingdom...."

one shepherd. (See John 10:16.) On more than one occasion the Prophet reported this

Prophecy and the concept of restoration fit together warning. The Oliver Cowdery letters indicate that

beautifully in the Prophet's incisive Wentworth Letter: the angel promised Joseph Smith success in his trans-

"This messenger proclaimed himself to be an angel of lation on the strict condition that he serve "with an

God, sent to bring the joyful tidings that the coveeye single to the glory of God."

nant which God made with ancient Israel was at hand The appearances of Moroni on September 2122, to be fulfilled, that the preparatory work for the 1823, were but the beginning of a series of visions and second coming of the Messiah was speedily to comdirections while translating the Book of Mormon, but mence; that the time was at hand for the gospel, in that is another study in itself. The above narration of

all its fulness, to be preached in power, unto all naMoroni's first appearances is more complete than any tions, that a people might be prepared for the single account because it blends the range of detail millennial reign."spontaneously recalled on several different occasions.

7. The Angel's Departure The consistency of the five accounts is impressive.

Since every aware person has some of the scientific Certain phrases prominent in the detailed history of discoverer's curiosity, details of the appearance and 1838 were first used in 1830—and many phrases of

disappearance of a heavenly being challenge the the 1832 and 1835 accounts are similar or identical imagination. At the beginning of the vision, the light in the 1838 History. Here is documentary evidence

"continued to increase"to noonday intensity, but the that the testimony of the coming of Moroni was the angel's departure reversed this process. At the end of same from year to year.

the manifestation "the light in the room began to A convincing witness is one who is sure of his gather immediately around the person"of the angel—observations, who reports them consistently, with

and an apparent "conduit"of light carried Moroni factual detail to be expected from one who saw and from sight. The supplementary accounts confirm this heard for himself. In his history of Moroni's coming,

experience. In 1835 the Prophet recalled, "... he then Joseph 'Smith satisfies these characteristics of an eyegradually vanished out of my sight, or the vision witness articulately reporting an actual experience. O

closed."The same year, Oliver Cowdery indicated FOOTNOTES

that Joseph Smith saw "the light and glory withdraw,"i The most detailed treatment of the First Vision and its setting is and he also portrayed the powerful spiritual impact Jamesnow BrighamB. Allen,Young"Eight UniversityContemporaryStudies,AccountsVol. 9of Joseph(Spring Smith's1969). FirstCf.

on the Prophet: an indescribable "calmness and peace Vision,"2 See theImprovementnotable articleEra, Aprilby Dean1970,C. pp.Jessee,4ff. "The Early Accounts of

of soul."Joseph(SpringSmith's1969), Firstpp. Vision,"27778. BrighnmPioneer studyYoung andUniversitya first Studies,printing Vol.of the9

8. Reappearances and Warnings Accountsentire documentRelatingwasJosephdone Smith'sby PaulEarlyR, Cheesman,Visions (BYU,An AnalysisM.R.E. Thesis,of the

Every narrative of Moroni's coming mentions two 1965),') The pp.most12632.accessible reprinting of the Wentworth Letter is Joseph

further appearances that night, and one the following Smith,(2d ed.,HistorySalt Lakeof TheCity,Church1949),of pp.Jesus53541.Christ ofTheLatterdayultimate Saints,text is Vol.Times4

morning. These generally mention the repetition of andi SeeSeasons,Jessee,Vol."Early3 (MarchAccounts,"1, 1842),op. cit.,pp. 70610.pp. 28083. Acknowledgment

the to for permission President Fielding quote Smith Joseph madethe the three through angel's message of this section document. additional Bookis toMormon

initial letter in preface Latter of appeared and Cowdery Day Theof instruction.appearances, greater also imply but they

1 of Saints'"> Vol. accounts Advocate, (October Messenger 1834). His and

"While meditating on what I had seen, the angel throughMoroni's "Lettercoming VII,"began Vol.in "Letter2 (OctoberIV,"Vol.1835).1 (FebruaryA convenient1835)secondaryand ran

is of the source Neu) Witness Francis for Kirkham, Cowdery W. to relatedappeared and the same things, me again,

in City, (Salt chapters 8, America appendix. 7, lettersLake and 1951),

evidently Christ('Oliver in of the First Vision Cowdery 1835. See knew later interviews delved more". The ( 1835 )and much Richard First of the Anderson, Lloyd "Circumstantial Confirmation

Vision University Studies, Reminiscences,"Through Vol. Brigham Young still"farther farther"of godlimysteries into "the and

1969), pp. 39398.

of present 9 (Spring"Book Doctrine Commandments 24:7; Coveand (1833) things those (Oliver Inness and Cowdery). to come"

in nants revelation 20:6. given was language and the The 1830, June

the describing a letter angel of quoted in was Smith dated Lucy Mackthis case the main account contained in the Pearl of

Its 6, 1831. first printing January was Evening in The Morning and The

Great Price almost exclusively discloses the nature Star, Vol. 1 (June 1832). The word "other"was added before "whiteness"with the Prophet's approval in the 1835 edition of the Doctrine

of additional revelations. The world was on the verge and Covenants.

(present ed.), ed.). 50:2 27:5 (1835 D&C!) 1 Messenger Advocate, (April Vol. and 1835),of "great desolations by famine, sword, and pestilence."

K> Elder's 1 Journal, Vol. (July 1838), 4243,p. cit.112.Joseph Smith, pp.

The moral commitment of the young Prophet must be History of the Church, op. cit., Vol. 3, p. 28.

v> ne Generations By Leonore Y. Parkinson

Illustrated by Ralph Reynolds

I have watched you grow From tiny roundness;

Watching everything about you,

Thinking I knew all,

Thinking that I knew your moods,

Your mind, As you innocently revealed Yourself to me, Not knowing that you did so.

Noiv you are grown, The roundness lengthened Into gentle curves.

But you have hid yourself from me.

I still can see the fair hair,

The blue eyes, The form; But I cannot fathom mind or Spirit.

Other ones than I will Know your joys and hopes, 7 And I must sorrow That I can only guess At what they are.

I sorrow, Yet I remember that I too once closed out one who Most would wish to know me.

Willingly she let me go To that other one In whom I could confide;

And remembering her, I know now what to do For you.

Era, September 1970 9 / / Ab. ///v Pj

9-c- # In The church of Jesus christ of Latter.day saints l 'I'? 't "f Z5 IT

there is coming into existence what may be called, r * /%, y /*. n. A*

/ / / / * without impropriety, a new school or oratory. Oratory

V '*- /--*> >> < t A t..:<:< 't-iL,.j O'-nsm.—-vs * whichwhich dependsdepends forfor itsits excellenceexcellence moremore uponupon thethe

of the the power and Ghost than upon!/ t- *? Presence /&*-*>% j (L&?.!,*"* S 0[

1 -"art S statement, Brigham H. man S anc % i *& n Holy a y*$ of the writers, "* Roberts, theologians, foremost one (** and ltTti.-.\ -t * * ''i 7 %

of expressed the Church, his view on the )i t. a &s v&l speakers

*&.*:* ** effective, religious essence of speaking.

/ *r* History has already recorded that Elder Roberts the ablest of * one orators gifted promost and f was /. r * #**,* * *Z

/''in the West. duced by Warrington, was born He r rj/)

t fiLl*'> /...-( ( <., Lancashire, England, 13, 1857, } f* r at nine and March 'iAd, /'( 'jl4

',.,, / i *Tyr> A ** L'&'i*"/ /*'** 4"* years of age was taken by his widowed mother to

life is a story Utah. His of achievement, the rise from 7 7 / fa* #-*. * -v-vL % ffc //*>

. We*-*-*/ to circumstances a position Up. humble in his of eminence 1** * * * 1 t/rfitjt!< t 9a-'T*

*..., '.; state and church. From 1888 to 1933, newspapers,

--""--- '";> "';"*"''periodicals, and journals contained dramatic accountsL:.rl.—tSL—L—

! n it z of the role he played in missionary work, in his calling

/?f '/ 3 '<* '/jf,''/ /&lc,'as a member of the First Council of the Seventy, in

: / framing the state constitution, in promoting the* /**> "* ft

'P*%,/? iKO/ttV- 4 *-pyftu Democratic Party, in publicizing the Church, in

,v/i n,,: -. settling strikes, in influencing the soldiers of his infantry division, and in answering some of the faith-

'. r S "*, * *-*-* *- G V shaking claims of science.

tt,*i2ji -, /'.'-*+*"* * >*..., *, / "/o-*-<-j* Many Church members are familiar with the

., 4 jj., voluminous written record he left behind at his death.

'ie wrote over 30 courses of study, some of which are q., %&4*6*?&&p now being reprinted; numerous articles, and dozens of

pamphlets. His most monumental work was A Comprehensive History of the Church, which consisted of

six volumes and covered over four thousand pages.

z --,-CV Though Elder Roberts'accomplishments as a promi- y y J C -v--fi "* ''v,f'*, generallynent leader,knownauthor,throughoutand defenderthe Church,of thefewfaithpeopleare

Hr,. \ "realize that he developed an extensive, useful philos- % 7J

, rJm, \ Vy ophy of impromptu speech, based on the revelations $**% %A>v //fh\ of God.

From his first recorded speech in Centerville, Utah, 6 a in 1876, to his last prominent address before the

World Fellowship of Faiths in 1933, Elder Roberts %, %-* made a careful study of the art of public speaking %**%>% *> iwri Z V8"

4, t( 4***

S, I B.H.Roberts

A Mormon Philosophy of Speech By Dr. Eric G. Stephan

-1+ j0**A His long experience as a speaker helped him gain that portion that shall be meted unto every man."

considerable practical knowledge of the subject; howFrom this revelation, he inferred that (1) God's

ever, being possessed with an inquiring mind, he Spirit plays a significant part in the area of public searched for additional information. Several volumes speaking that is related to the preaching of the gosin his personal library attest to his diligence in propel, (2) God promises to give aid to the speaker

curing further ideas on oral discourse. One of the by direct inspiration.

volumes that he read, annotated, and frequently used The famous Mormon orator believed that the was William Pittenger's Extempore Speech. Another speaker had to do more than merely open his mouth

was Composition and Rhetoric by Herrick and Damon. in order to be effective. He felt that the admonition

These texts, together with the revelations he found in "treasure up in your minds continually the words of the scriptures, enabled him to develop a practical life"meant that a person should acquire a storehouse approach to speaking effectively. of information. Reading from the best books, relying

In his pamphlet On Tracting, in the fivevolume on prayer and faith, and building a "mentaltreasury"

Seventy's Course in Theology, and in the text The were, for him, indispensable steps in the speaker's

Seventies Correspondence School, Elder Roberts repreparation.

corded many of his ideas about the organization, He believed that speaking from a fullness of inpreparation, plans, clearness, first moment, and formation under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost was strength of a speech. For example, concerning the the most effective and persuasive kind of speaking. It

organization of a speech he taught that the simplest might lack smoothness and rhetorical excellence, but formal address had three distinct parts: the introducwhat it lacked in those respects, Elder Roberts pointed

tion, the discussion, and the conclusion. By using this out, was more than compensated for by its marvelous

framework, he suggested, a speech plan could be power, its magnificent boldness, and its adaptability constructed that would be simple enough for a child to each member of the audience. Even in his missionto follow. ary pamphlets, he emphasized to the elders of the

Concerning the introduction of a speech, he felt Church that they should first learn the gospel, or that it should be at once simple and easy enough acquire a storehouse of information, and then they for the speaker to comprehend and remember: "If should teach its principles under the direction of the

there is anything in the whole world which he is sure Spirit and in harmony with missionary procedures and he can talk about for a few moments, and which can outlines.

be made to have a moderate degree of connection For more than half a century, he toured Utah and with his subject, let that be chosen for an opening. "- the United States, personifying his philosophy of

He believed that the second part of the speech, the speech and promoting the message of the restored discussion, should deal directly with the subject or gospel. Concerning his ability, a wellknown Washcentral idea of the discourse. Here a statement of at ington correspondent wrote of him that "his worst

least one thought, which the speaker could fully enemies concede his leadership as an irresistible orator, grasp, should be developed. And finally, the conclustrong, firm and magnetic. His words have a cersion should contain almost as much materia] as the tain fresh originality about them, quite in contrast to

introduction and should leave the deepest permanent the overpolished sentences of eastern college

impression upon the audience. He agreed with graduates."'

Pittenger that listeners remember the conclusion Several people who heard Elder Roberts speak said longer than any other part of the speech. that his oratory was frequently spontaneous, very conAlthough Elder Roberts made many scholarly sugvincing, and that "even without a microphone he could

gestions about the preparation and delivery of an make the tabernacle timbers rattle."

impromptu speech, he based several of his most imListeners from all walks of life came to hear him portant ideas on Section 84, verse 85, of the Doctrine and left impressed with his oratorical eloquence and and Covenants: his deep conviction. After a lifetime of ceaseless

"... treasure up in your minds continually the service and scholarly study, Elder B. H. Roberts

words of life, and it shall be given in the very hour remained convinced that in speech as well as in all things, the works that God inspires far outshine the works of man. O

Dr. Eric G. Stephan, deacons quorum adviser in the

Edgemont (Utah) Fourth Ward, is on the Speech and l B. H. Roberts, "Public Speaking,"The Contributor, Vol. 12 (Octo458. p. 1891), Dramatic Arts Department faculty at Brigham Young ber

i in Seventy's B. City: Course Roberts, Theology H. (Salt Lake The University. Vol. News, Deseret 1907),

; Historian's Hrigham Roberts H. p. Scrapbook1, p. 60. 142. Church 1899,

Library.

Era, September 1970 11 Elder McConkie enjoys a missionary story Missionary work: a time for making friends Three members of the Twelve confer

President Kimball reviews mission histories Elder Hanks answers a query Fred Baker,ElderbwldingHunterdepartment,shares a quipgives policies

Annually the Church holds a "You're going out to do the mission presidents'seminar at most sacred, the most important The Church headquarters for new misduty the Lord can give to man."

President of the Council Acting Spirit of sionChurchpresidents.has 92 missions.Presently,This pastthe—President Spencer W. Kimball of the Twelve

attended by 29 new presidents "Our Father's children are esMissionary summer, the threeday event was and their wives, who were briefed sentially good. While on your mison general mission procedures, insion you will meet some of the Work cluding office, legal, financial, honorable men of the earth.

By Jay M. Todd supply, and related duties. They—Elder Ezra Taft Benson

then reviewed in detail their calls of the Council of the Twelve

Assistant Managing Editor as directors of proselyting, leaders "When answering questions Photos by Scott Hes/op of the Saints, and mission parents (recently called to the Korean Mission) to the missionaries. on the Church's position on matAs usual, the presidents and their ters, you should answer them

from the scriptures or quotawives typified the faith and devotion that have always been a part tions from the Presidents of the

Church who have spoken on that of service to the Lord—six sold their

subject and who are authorized homes, ten sold their businesses to officially declare the position (some to their competitors), and of the Church. Don't try to anthe mothers uprooted a total of 67

swer questions that are not children from their surroundings, answered by the Presidents of some of them to live in areas where the Church or from the scripliving conditions pale in comparison. But all of them gladly accepted tures. The safest answer that

you could give on such a matter the call, anxious for an opportunity would be to say, 'I don't know.'

to serve.

And you might say, if you are Instructing at the seminar were sure of your ground, 'And furGeneral Authorities assigned to thermore, I know that nobody missionary work, as well as heads knows, because the Lord hasn't of Church office departments who revealed it.'But don't say you work with missionary affairs. The

The gospel of brotherly love following excerpts give the spirit of don't know on matters that you ought to know about. Study the the seminar and encourage all of

scriptures and be well informed."

us to be missionaryminded:—President Harold B. Lee

"There is nothing that any of PresidencyFirst Counselorand Presidentin the Firstof the you could do for the time and, Council of the Twelve season of your missionary appointments ivhich would be as "The message of the restoration important as the work that lies centers on three declarations:

ahead of you.... (1) the divine Sonship of Jesus

"We are all called to raise the Christ, (2) the mission of Joseph warning voice to invite men to Smith, and (3) the divinity of the forsake the world, and to come Church as the Lord's vehicle for the divine Sonship On Christ and gain all of the salvation. relax Petersen, EvansElders and confer unto of Christ, the lip serworld pays filled were soon Notebooks blessings the gospel."of

—President Joseph Fielding Smith vice to it, but in reality it does not

believe it.

"If the people of the world knew "Of course the lessons are bapwhat we had to offer them, there tismoriented. The Savior has sent

would be seven billion hands us out to baptize.

raised to ask us. "Missionary work just naturally

Era, September 1970 13 divides itself into three areas week for at least 60 hours. "A bishop of a California ward

finding, teaching, and fellowship- "Missionaries rise now at 6:30 recently said, 'Day after day,

ing. The secret of success is to a.m. instead of 6:00 a.m. sometimes hour after hour many

get someone else to help with the "On preparation day—the new problems of the people in my ward

finding and give missionaries name for socalled 'diversion day'come to my attention. And I have

more and more time for teaching. wc want our missionaries to visit a made an interesting discovery

All members of the Church can museum, art gallery, historical and and that is that every problem my help in finding."cultural locations in their area, after people bring to me can be solved

—President Bruce R. McConkie they have done their cleaning, washby talking with Jesus Christ.

of the First Council of the Seventy ing, shopping, and letter writing and Every problem!'That's a very inbefore they return again to proselyteresting discovery for all of us to

"The focus of our missionary ting in the early evening."make."attention is on families—and we—Elder Thomas S. Monson—President Harold B. Lee

do this by working through the of the Council of the Twelve. First Counselor in the First Presifather. He is the head of the dency and President of the Council

family. Our message is designed "We don't permit missionaries to of the Twelve

to unify his family. He will be wear beards, lonc\ hair, or muttonchop "Anything people can be reagiven the priesthood to bless his sideburns. We. want them to look soned into, they can be reasoned

family. The Church will give clean, sharp, bright, and good."out of. Hence, our members need

B. Hinckley Gordon him an opportunity to develop,—Elder

of Council of the the Twelve a spiritual foundation to their and it will make him a better testimony. Where can this foundaman. We want families—and "The Brethren are encouraging the tion come from? Where the veil is

we want them through the calling of more lady missionaries. the thinnest—in the temple. Ge1

fathers."Missions could not get along without your people involved in genealogy

A. Tuttle—President Theodore

of Council the Seventy them."and you will have renewed spirituof the First

—Elder Franklin D. Richards ality in them."

"Our open house program is Assistantof the Twelveto the Council—ElderAssistantTheodoreto the M.CouncilBurton

one of the most successful things of the Twelve the Church has ever done. Any "Every missionary is entitled to

ward or branch can do it."take from his mission a love for "Two hundred years ago, it is

—Elder Mark E. Petersen the Lord, an understanding of the estimated that the average person

of the Council of the Twelve gospel, an affection for the people traveled not more than seven miles with whom he labors, an appreciaanv direction from his home, and "You will associate with and tion of hard work, increased love he knew not more than oo people.

preside over some of the choicest for his parents, better understandToclav the Lord has given us the young people who have ever lived ing of himself, and discipline in tools of travel and mass communicaon earth. They are spirits who courage, faith, and humility."tion, and wc would be most derelict

were kept in reserve to come forth—Elder Gordon B. Hinckley if we did not use them."

in this latter dispensation to take of the Council of the Twelve—Elder Richard L. Evans

the message of salvation to the of the Council of the Twelve nations of the earth. Your first "Some of our missionaries used to

and chief responsibility will be the enjoy debating about this or that scrip- "The only thing that keeps the spiritual and temporal wellbeing ture with people. Were not sent out gospel from covering the earth—as

of your missionaries."to debate. We're sent out to tell people it eventually will do during the

—President Joseph Fielding Smith things they've never heard before."millennium—is the wickedness of

—Elder LeGrand Richards men and the fact that we do not

"You go to missions with as few of the Council of the Twelve have enough missionaries yet to as 35 missionaries, to as many as "The success of the missionary depreach in all parts of the earth."

220.—President Joseph Fielding Smith

pends upon the depth of his spiritu- "Ideally, a missionary might serve ality. You can't store spirituality. It's

in three cities and have six com- "In the United States, 70 percent manna—it has to be gathered panions during his mission. like of our missionaries are in automodaily. And the way is throtigh prayer."biles—-nearly 3,000 cars in the field, "As an average, we feel mission-—President A. Theodore Tuttle

aries should do proselyting each of the First Council of the Seventy but with the Church's safedriving

program our liability insurance has "Assign a qualified and devoted "You're not going out as IBM been reduced more than onehalf in man to be mission recorderhistorian. machines. You are going to need

four years because of the minimal We have many thousands of memand are going to receive revelanumber of accidents. Our program bers who are lost. We don't know tions from the Lord."

calls for curfew ing the cars at where to send their memberships."—President Spencer W. Kimball

Acting President of the Council Strong—Arthur 10:30 be parked car must p.m.—the of the Twelve of the Membership Department resiat the missionaries'place of

dence—and limiting the number of "Your preparation is different,lYou are going forth to succeed

miles missionaries drive monthly. from what I received in the 1930s and not to fail. The Lord's work

Also, our missionaries must use seatwhen I arrived to preside over the does not fail."

belts. Would you imagine that after British Mission. My predecessor—President Joseph Fielding Smith

200,000 million missionary miles, we said: "Here's the key to the front

have yet to find an accident wherein door, and here's the key to the it would have been better without a inner door.'That's all the instrucseatbelt?"

I had."—Theodore Mebius tion

of the Missionary Department—Elder Hugh B. Brown

of the Council of the Twelve

There were sessions for the presidents only Elder Rector, Sister Jessie Evans Smith chat

jbsv

:iS'

Elder Packer, President Lee, President Smith Elder Christiansen renews an acquaintance Elder Monson prepares his presentation

Elder Haight tells an experience Automobile policies are explained that paths not know, To I do LestWe Forget But if, by a still, small voice he calls

I'll Lord, answer, dear with my hand in thine;

I'll go where you want me to go.

"I'll go where you want me to go,

I'll Overdearmountain,Lord, or plain, or sea; Go I'll say what you want me to say,

dear Lord;Where I'll be what you want me to be.

"Perhaps today there are loving wordsYouWant

Which Jesus would have me speak;

There may be now in the paths of sin to Go Some wand'rer whom I should seek;Me

By Albert L Zobell, Jr. Savior, if thou wilt be my guide,

Research Editor Though dark and rugged the way,

My voice shall echo the message

Vigorous young Melvin J. and on July 6, he was set apart sweet;

Ballard had just been graduated for his mission, taking I'll say what you want me to say."

from Brigham Young College the money to the mission field that in his home town of Logan, Utah. But had been saved for a year's It was like a message from

his hunger for knowledge was not university work, and leaving his heaven to him, and what a joy it yet satisfied, and he determined bride at home. brought to his life to try to live those

to enter Harvard University. In the field of labor, President thoughts. He completed his

That was temporarily beyond his Roberts preached, Elder Pyper sang, mission and returned home in reach, and so his plan was and Elder Ballard, then 23, December 1898.

to teach school for two years. In prayed, preached, and sang. They Nothing is known about the

the second year of teaching were not in the mission long author, Mary Brown. Years later

there came into his class a very before Eiders Roberts and Pyper were Elder Ballard found that music charming young woman released and Elder Ballard was had been put to the words, and he who became his student and then assigned as a traveling missionary. sang them at stake conferences and

his financee, and they made He wept all night about special meetings throughout plans together about his going that, and the devil tempted him to the Church.

to Harvard. quit and come home. But he The melody was originated

Two weeks before school turned to the Lord for aid and help, by Carry E. Rounsefell of Boston, who

closed there came a call from and before morning he had did evangelistic work,

President Wilford Woodruff for mastered his own spirit accompanying herself on a zither.

Melvin Ballard to accompany and had written a letter accepting One day an old friend handed

President B. H. Roberts and Elder his appointment. It was her the words of "I'll Go

George D. Pyper (later general then that he found a poem that became Where You Want Me to Go,"and

superintendent of Sunday Schools) the guide of his life, and the immediately she struck the tune to open missionary work in the lives of countless missionaries after on her instrument. Later

large cities of the United States. him. The stanzas, by Mary Brown, another friend wrote the notes down,

Although that was a blow to were in a little book, Make His and it was published in somewhat his personal plans, the question was Praise Glorious: modified form.

debated but little, and before Elder Ballard became a nightfall the answer of "It may not be on the mountain businessman and community leader acceptance was on its way to the height in Logan, and he always found

President of the Church. Elder Or over the stormy sea; time to work in the Church.

Ballard married his student, It may not be at the battle's front He accepted a shortterm mission in

Martha A. Jones, June 17, 1896, My Lord will have need of me; the winter of 190203, to

16 Era, September 1970 from Deseret Book Studies for the Priesthood, Organists, Relief Society, and Reading for Pleasure

1. GOSPEL DOCTRINE $4.95

Sermons and Writings of President Joseph F. Smith

FOR THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

The priesthood lessons for 197071 have been adapted from this book. Those

who want to pursue their gospel studies more fully and want a book that will endure should have this hardbound volume. This book is a comprehensive

summary of the doctrines and teachings of the Church.

1A. GOSPEL DOCTRINE

NEW... Deluxe edition in brown leather binding... available about September 15th. $9.75

2. REMEMBERING THE McKAYS $2.95 3. HYMN STUDIES FOR ORGANISTS 4. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS

John J Stewart Parley L. Belnap $3.95 Bruce B. Clark and Robert K. Thomas

This biographical sketch opens a window Here is a teacher's approach to hymn playNow ready, all five volumes of the new into the lives of both the prophet and his ing from a teacher of the organ at BYU. paperbound edition, The Relief Society's

wife. It brings into view an example of a "The ideas and techniques advanced herein Cultural Refinement lessons for the 1970truly happy married life. Their formula for combine instruction from many schools of 71 season will be based on selections from

happiness is quoted as, "Keep busy servorgan playing. These hymn studies will preall five volumes... Save $1.25 by ordering

ing others". Another of the many perceptive pare the player to perform easy to moderall five volumes... just $10.50. If ordered

thoughts being remembered is this one: ately difficult organ music. Part playing, individually, prices are as follows:

"We never think about death, we're too busy planning, fingering, pedaling, and hymn style Volume 1 - $2.75

thinking about life..."Excellent reading modification, are just a few of the subjects Volumes 2, 3, 4 and 5—$2.25 each.

from an excellent example. presented for study.

ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 1 la 2 3 4

Total cost $ This must include 250 handling and postage for each additional book ordered in the same shipment. Also include 4V2% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid by:

check, money order, or charge established account.

Name '.

Address

Salt Lake—Cottonwood Mall City

Valley Fair Mall Orange, California State Zip Sept. 1970 Era

assist in organizing the scattered the Lord more than he could As I stood on the threshold of

Saints of Idaho's Boise basin into a ever pay. The service in the that great institution I saw

branch. Then in April 1909, Northwest was terminated when he myself as I might have come

in his thirtysixth year, he was called was ordained an apostle and thirtyfive, years earlier, with hopes, as president of the Northwestern took his place in the Council of the with successes that might

States Mission. To accept was Twelve in 1919. have been; and notwithstanding I

to suffer financial loss, and some Speaking at the October 1934 appreciate titles and degrees of his associates thought he was general conference, Elder Ballard said: I was not disappointed. I saw on the

foolish. He replied that "I got back to Harvard later other hand what had happened

had the sacrifice been ten times as but I was thirtyfive years late. I was to me: Eleven years as a

great, it would still be no installing a mission president bishop's counselor and high councilor;

sacrifice to leave, because he owed and it was vacation time. fourteen years as a missionary

of the Church; fifteen years as

a member of the Council of the Twelve—forty years of glorious

The "TheSquare,SpokenpresentedWord"overfromKSLTempleand living!out of Theit, thejoy honorsthat hadandcomethe favors

the Columbia Broadcasting System of the Almighty, I would not SpokenWord July 12, 1970.1970.

change for all the titles and degrees that Harvard offers, much as Man's search for happiness I admire them, if I had to sacrifice

By Richard L. Evans for them the joys and the happiness

that came to me through yielding

Ah! then my heart so free knows its infinity/"This song of Schubert, obedience.

ZA which the male chorus has sung, suggests "man's search for hap- "This is the lesson that I learned:

/ \ piness"—the search that all of us pursue. We come alone. We If I do what the Lord wants

love life. We love our loved ones—and then we leave it all. Why? Why me to do I shall live to fulfil my

all this effort and doing and enduring for such a little time? It would life in the fullest and the

be cruel and frustrating if this life were the end of it all—for it goes most glorious way. I cannot always

so swiftly. And so the old, old questions: Whence? and Why? and see what he wants me to do,

Whither?—with every man looking for happiness, whether he knows it but he often inspires those whom he

or not—even if he isn't quite sure what it is, even if he is searching has called and appointed to

for the wrong thing, in the wrong way. But no man in his right mind direct the labors of my life, so that

deliberately sets out to make himself miserable. Everyone wants happiif I am obedient to them and

ness. But it isn't something we find by pursuing it where it isn't. It is listen I shall come to find myself

found in usefulness; in service; in happy association with family and prepared."(Conference Report,

friends; in learning, with principles, purpose, and an inner peace. It

October 1934, p. 117.)

isn't found in idleness or indulgence; in breaking law or commandElder Ballard passed away

ments; or in an unquiet conscience. And if we want it, we'd better at Salt Lake City, July 30, 1939.

it short, look for it never in one was. To put it where it is, and not where

his ministry, the hymn In summing 2 are sentence, never quoted "Wickedness And was happiness."why

that and brought he found we so sure that the pursuit of happiness is so important? Well, what into the Church is most appropriate.

else would a father want for his children—any father—or the loving The final stanza reads: Father of us all—except their peace and health and happiness and the

highest possibilities of everlasting life? It is for this that all the laws and

"There's surely somewhere a lowly counsels and commandments of God are given. Happiness comes with

place living as we ought to live, with being what we ought to be, by doing

In earth's fields harvest wide, so learning, serving, to do. It improving, what comes with we ought

life's labor through Where I may repenting, that trying honestly, keeping knowing the commandments, life and loved ones are everlasting, with the plan and purpose of a short day

Crucified; loving Father over all—and thus it becomes not just an elusive someFor Jesus, the

all to thy tender care, thing to look for, but a duty—an essential pursuit. And if we're not So trusting my

happy, we'd better search ourselves. And knowing thou lovest me,

'Franz Schubert, "Widerspruch"(words by ). D. Seidl, English version by Alice Parker). I'll do thy will with a heart sincere;

2Alma 41:10. I'll be what you want me to be."Q

18 Era, September 1970 Five great new books to inform,

entertain, inspire.

Every LDS library should include these books...from Bookcraft

The Elders The Elders of A Woman's Laura Sn of Israel Israel and the Fulfillment and the Constitution by Laura Snyder Constitution by Jerome Horowitz $3.75 A sparkling account of the wo- u

Written to help Latterday man's opportunity as wife,

Saints understand the Constimother, and a homemaker.

tution, how it is endangered, Shows how to bring zest and to familiar enjoyment activities can Church and members how POPS-:

fulfill by the creative Smith's help Joseph approach. E MOROVVirz JEROW fresh look vital role. at Elders regarding prophecy woman's The A Fulfilment

saving the Constitution. *=jt;6tH

$2.95

The Word and Beauty is..

The Witness a Girl's Guide E. by Reid Bankhead and to Charm L. Pearson Glenn

What is the true mission of by Bonnie Marshall of Recordthe Book Mormon? to indisbe Bound considered

of ing ancient history Ameri- a girl pensable by any reads who ethical lessons? Providing ca?

it...."Is is "Beauty a beautidivine? Bible The the Proving

fully written guidebook to the forththe Witness and Word social girls graces. for Great principal rightly the proclaims

to 13 especially. 20 to bring to people purpose—

Ideal Christ. for classroom and $3.25 purposes, research jo jq

About My Pleasebook(s) sendfor whichthe followingI enclose

Daughter, check or money order in the

Doctor of amount $ RnnlfOPAfl (Residents of Utah add 4'/2% sales tax.) DUUIlul Oil by Dr. Lindsay Curtis

West 1848 2300 South 3 4 5 This well doctor known LDS 12 talks girls?'?.'to desired) and (Circle book(s) mothers.B? X I68City, Salt Lake about medical emotional and

problems of preadolescent Utah 84110 and teenage girls. A frank

discussion, clearly and sensiNAME tively written. ADDRESS

$4.95 CITY

STATE ZIP

The Peruvian

ByTwo Missionaries

On Sunday, May 31, a severe nearly all the buildings are made of many with bones crushed, and in earthquake jolted much of Peru. adobe. As a result, nearly every general there were wounds and

Some of the heaviest damage ocbuilding in the city fell, covering injuries of every type. The halls

curred about 200 miles north of the streets and everyone in them. and rooms of the hospital were

Lima, 50 miles inland, in the tops "In our search for the members overflowing with people, and only of the Andes Mountains. The of the Church, we found many two or three doctors were available

folloioing is a report from Elders people seriously wounded or buried in the city to care for them. There

Kent Toone of Bountiful, Utah, and alive, whom we helped as best we was no water or drugs. Although

Ladd Wilkins of Roosevelt, Utah, could. Luckily we found every one we were completely inexperienced,

who were laboring in the city of of our 50 members alive, and only our help was welcome, and we

Huaraz, which was about 90 per- a few with injuries. It really was a worked in the hospital all night.

cent destroyed. miracle, because as we soon found "The next day—Monday, June 1—

"Until about 3:25 p.m., May 31 out, there were few families withwas nearly as bad as the day before.

was like any other Sabbath day—out dead. One of the last estimates Many hundreds of dead persons

a beautiful, warm, peaceful day in of the number of dead in Huaraz were dug up from the debris, and the tops of the Andes Mountains in was 20,000, or two out of five. many others were still being

Huaraz, Peru. We were teaching a "In the evening, we returned to brought out alive. We dug up a

man about the Church when at 3: 25 our house to see if there were any little boy who was still alive after

the earth beneath us began to chance of saving some of our own having been buried for eight hours shake. At first we didn't pay too personal belongings. To our surin the same position and without

much attention to it, since small prise, the house was still standing. food, light, and only a little air.

earthquakes are felt quite often in Even though it was dangerous to Many people were buried in the

Peru. But as it continued and beenter it, we quickly crawled in a theaters and other gathering places.

came stronger, we left, the house window and brought out as many It's hard to imagine that nature and entered the street, where we of our things as was possible. We could cause all of this in only two

were safer from falling objects. The were afraid that the house would minutes and 20 seconds. The whole

earthquake continued until entire fall in on us, or even worse, that we city was weeping and mourning, buildings were falling to the would be caught in another earthfor nearly everything had been ground. As the rumble ceased, our quake, since smaller earthquakes destroyed.

hearts began to beat a little slower. usually follow a large one. But all "Because of the many unfound

"We began to walk around the went well. dead, unsanitary living conditions,

city to find out the condition of the "By now it was dark, and since and lack of good water, there was members of the Church. As we left we knew we wouldn't be able to fear of a typhoid epidemic breakthe street we were on, we realized sleep, we offered our help at the ing out. Therefore, the next day,

that we had been in one of the best hospital, which was also still standinexperienced as we were, we too locations in the city during the ing. The hospital presented a sight set up a table and gave injections

earthquake. The street we were on that we shall never forget. Load against typhoid. In the next few

was wide, with fairly sturdy buildafter load of injured was brought days we helped dig out the belongings on each side, whereas most in—some without ears or noses, ings of some friends, including two

streets are extremely narrow, and many with their faces half torn off, girls from the Peace Corps.

Once Only Offer!

One of the outstanding classics in Church literature!

"Eight days after the earthquake, we found our way down to Lima, a LIFE OF trip that took 40 hours. By that time Heber C. Kimball

there was plenty of help in the by Orson F. Whitney

hospital, as well as food and sup- A reg. $4.00 book... NOW..

plies that had been brought in by helicopter. We were no longer

needed, and the thought of clean clothes and a warm shower was certainly motivating."

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the

Council of the Twelve, who had left Lima just five minutes before the tremors were felt in Peru, rethe there the followingturned day join you When Club Books LDS of thatearthquake. reported He

unflinch- "A faithful and full of heart "His was "Brother Heber has never ofthe approximately 1,000 members ing servant of God, who a he blessings; but was wavered, never trembled

the Church living in the heavily scourge to the wicked... He has been faithful had passed through the

and they feared him."to God."—Elder George most severe ordeals with

damaged area, three were missing—Pres. Brigham Young Q. Cannon. unyielding integrity."

and presumed dead. "To lose only 22,—Deseret1868. News, June

three members in a total of 50,000 Order Now—This offer expires November 5, 1970.

deaths is remarkable. We have MAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM THESE BOOKS:

said. blessed,"Immedihebeen Is Beauty

is 4. the Theirs Kingdom Living Meaningful Bonnie Marshall By of theately report the following J. Ashton By Wendell H. Paul By Dunn $3.25 $3.95 clothing, several tons ofearthquake, $3.00

Doctrines the From of Discourses 5. The suppliesfood, were medical Prophecy, to and Key Prophets Wilford Woodruff the Future P. By Burton Alma disto theshipped be Church by $3.95 By Crowther Duane $5.95

nontributed and to needy members the $4.50 6. God, Man and

3. Life of Wilford Universe Infinities Three The the Peru throughoutmembers Woodruff

By Hyrum L. Andrus S. By Rulon Howells Matthias By Cowley Stake.Mission and Lima $5.95 $3.95 $4.95

As for the conduct of the missionaries during the tragedy, it was re- 9-70 ported by some townspeople that LDS Books I understand that I will receive monthly reviews and I to agree of a purchase selecregular 4 minimum Club"the [referring to the gringos North tions alternates or during next the 12 the at months Inc. Club, regular price. advertised for (Free joining book not does missionaries] theAmerican were

I qualify a regular as selection alternate). or Club may P.O. Box 400 resign after at time For purchasing any books. 4 each inonly town. everyone While men will receive a books accept valuable 4 bonus book Salt City, Lake ofI a free—savingsI approximately 20%. thinkof out town, runningelse was

Utah 84110 Nameing of himself, the gringos were going the other way—helping everyPleaseKimball"sendand meenrollmymeFREEas a copymemberof "Lifeof theofLDSHeberBooksC. Address.

one they could."O Club.is enclosedCheckforor themoneycircledorderbook(s)in the asamountmy firstof $purchase City

as a LDS Books Club Member. State Zip

(Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of Utah add 123456789 4'/2% sales tax.)

Era, September 1970 21.theircoattails flapping in the breeze

AFTER TEN YEARS

A Tribute to Missionaries

By Betty McMillan This September my husband, years of age) attended Sunday crawl, then to stand, and then took

Flem, and I will have been memSchool, first at one church, then at our hands and taught us to walkbers of The Church of Jesus Christ another. first with faltering steps, then with

of Latterday Saints for ten yearsStrangely, I found myself agreefaster ones down the road that ten years since we were baptized ing to allow these two young men leads to the ultimate goal that each by the missionaries. to return the next week and talk spirit on earth seeks.

In some ways these years have with my husband. I honestly did They answered our quiet, anxious

not been easy ones; in other ways not think he would listen to them, questions; they answered our conthey have been ten wonderful and frankly, I was not impressed cerned, demanding ones. Many a

years. myself. long evening we spent debating a

The first time we heard of the One week later the two presented question of doctrine, and somehow missionaries, we were in a sleepy themselve's at the door. To my they always had the right answers

little town south of Houston, Texas. amazement, my husband invited for us. They helped to unfold beIt was common to giggle about the them in. Here began our acquaintfore us a glorious and wonderful

two young men, who wore hats and ance with Mormon missionaries. world that had always been there,

who rode about town on their These two planted the first good but one we had never before seen.

bicycles, with their coattails flapseeds pertaining to the Church in Then slowly the tide began to ping in the breeze. our minds. Then, as time passed, I turn. We discovered that missionThen, one rather snappy day in found myself sitting on the sidearies needed us as much as we

early May, two young men knocked lines, watching my husband. He needed them—and here began our

on our front door. I am still surhad been a heavy smoker, but now long wonderful association with

prised that I even took the time to he was not. He had always liked more of these wonderful young

ask them what they wanted—and beer, but now he did not. He had men. Our home is a haven to them,

more surprised that I invited them greatly enjoyed his morning coffee, a place where they can relax, have in. One of the young men occupied but suddenly he gave it up. He a cool lemonade, and be on their

himself with entertaining my son, read the Book of Mormon from way.

who brought into the room every cover to cover, and he became a Missionaries have helped us in toy a twoyear-old could possibly Mormon in his heart. I did not. difficult periods in our lives, and

own and stacked them in the misAbout this time, one of the misthey have taught us that not only sionary's lap. Meanwhile the other sionaries was transferred. A tall, are we as members of the Church

young man began to speak of the darkhaired young man with black- a religious people but we are also

Mormons, a group of people of rimmed glasses took his place. One a people who enjoy the wholesome

whom I had read only in history day our new friend asked—in a fun of life.

books. joking way, I thought—"Will you Without the many young elders

At that time my husband and I let a cup of coffee keep you out of whom we have known and loved attended church after a fashion, but the kingdom of God?"I only since we first opened our doors to

we saw to it that our four children laughed, but a week or so later I them some ten years ago, our lives ( at this time 12, ten, eight, and two began to think seriously about what would still be barren and meaninghe had said. less. They have been a source of

Betty McMillan, a member of the It was this young man and his joy and happiness and great unOrange (Texas) Branch, is an experienced newspaperwoman. She next companion who baptized us in known wisdom and knowledge—

has held numerous Church posiSeptember 1960. and any community, state, or nations and is the mother of four They took us into their hearts tion that has even two of them is children.

and taught us, in a sense, first to fortunate and blessed. O

22 Era, September 1970 A DIRTY EXHAUST DOES MORE THAN DUTY THE AIR.

Conoco's new

supercleaning additive Itcan wasteenoughfuel is now in all 4 gasolines.

They help keep an engine'sbreathing system (carburetor, torun a secondengine.

valves, PCV control) clean. (Look at this remarkable demonstration)

Fuel waste is reduced.

Your engine breathes easier...you will, too.

What does a dirty exhaust mean?

That your engine is building up deposits that can throw your airto-gasoline mixture out of whack.

Your engine's dirty so it takes in more gasoline than it can burn.

This unburned fuel goes into the air as dirty exhaust. Enough wasted fuel in this exhaust

How does cleanerair additive help? toTherunenginea secondinengine.the car on the right was purThe new additive is a supercleaner posely adjusted. It's running at a fast idle. The

that helps keep carburetor, valves, carburetor's set for a rich fuel mixture. Its'exPCV emission control clean; helps haust is dirty with wasted fuel. So much wasted

prevent engine deposit buildup; fuel that it actually runs the second engine

helps balance airto-fuel mixture; (left). 2750 rpm (inset) on just exhaust alone,

reduces unburned fuel. And that noin dirtyfuel line.exhaust.That's a lot of mileage going up

means a cleaner exhaust.

Can it actually improve mileage?

Yes. These new Conoco gasolines

can reduce fuel waste. You burn

less gasoline, and you get more miles, more ride for your money. NewConoco

Will Conoco cost more?

Not a penny more. You pay the

same price you've always paid forConoco gasolines. gasolines helpget back

Is the additive in all 4 gasolines?

All 4 Conoco gasolines: Premium,Super, Regular, and Conotane some mileage wasted

now contain cleanerair additives.

inyour exhaust.

Now, more than ever CONOCO...more ride for your money.

Hottest WW Brand Going. 1970 Continental Oil Company Until August 1, 1968, "Mormondid I realize that I was headed for Apostles'Creed? Why is the

ism"was to me an oddity. what people nowadays call a conchurch always beating its breast

I looked upon it as a religious frontation. for more money for its paid workexercise for a few AngloSaxon, In 1962, two Mormon missioners? These are just a few of the

rural eccentrics who over many aries worked diligently. My reaction questions with which no book or

years had deluded themselves into to their attempts to explain the person apparently was prepared to the notion that Zion was synonygospel that they loved so much deal.

mous with the sovereign state would have chilled an iceberg. I I made a brief excursion into the

of Utah. I saw The Church of was not hostile; indeed, hostility hallowed sanctuaries of another

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints would have been kinder than the church. I even enrolled in one of

as simply one more religious instituintellectual fencing to which these their seminaries. But the response

tion of many sects and denomitwo dedicated young men were to my questions came forth as nations. I viewed the Book of subjected. They held their ground, garbled as ever, this time encased

Mormon as one gigantic hoax either however, and after two weeks we with the hoary crust of pomp and cleverly plagiarized or manufaccalled it a draw. In the ensuing tradition. Again in retrospect, the

tured out of whole cloth by a four years I saw no more missionpersistence of these questions was wildeyed New York farmhand. aries. prima facie evidence that the seeds

And I compared my ignorance of Those years, however, were not of truth planted by the missionaries

Mormon doctrine with my knowlwasted. I continued working in my was still working within me.

edge of the doctrine of my own church, finding less satisfaction, and The turning point came after I church and haughtily concluded all the while bumping into more decided to leave the world of ecclethat the difference was only beunanswered questions: What or siastical babel. I thereupon took up

tween Tweedledum and Tweedlewho is the Trinity? Why do you

dee. say that man was born a sinner? teacherRobert L.andCannon,priestsaquorumSunday adviserSchool

Little did I realize that through What is the meaning of death? in the Eastmont (California) Ward,

the years I was being drawn inexorWhere lies the root of authority—wasjoininga theProtestantChurch. minister before

ably toward the truth. Indeed, little in the church? in man? in the

By Robert L. Cannon

NEW CHURCH PUBLISHING COMPANY

a secular profession and secretly vowed never again to approach the Dealers Inquiries Welcome formidable walls of the church.

Then one bright afternoon a friend and family physician who was a Mormon invited me to attend a conference sponsored by Brigham

Young University. He informed

me that a professor of the school was to be the featured speaker. He

then very flatteringly implied how great it would be if this man's mind and mine should meet. I attended

the conference and listened. As he

spoke, my problem with the Trinity very quickly and quite inexplicably 1 * Book of Mormon DigestNew hardback edition! By John D. Hawkes. 30 new

began to dissolve before my eyes. 2. chartsNew Testament& illustrations!Digest4 - hr.Johndigest,D. Hawkes20 min. synopsis, 1700 study questions! 3.951.95

And on that day, in that large hall 3. Scripture Cards - Excellent for Missionaries. By John D. Hawkes 2.50

Richards - Hazel 1.95 with Wheat Make a Treatfilled with devout Mormons, I was 4.

(children's 5. Singing songs) 2.95 Baker - Joy with Joy

introduced to our Heavenly Father. 6. Great Leaders of the Book of Mormon - Paul Cheesman. 4-color portraits. 9.95

I found him to be real, personable, 7. He Walked the Americas - L. Taylor Hansen 6.95

Fascinating - Helen Andelin 5.95 Womanhoodwarm, and quite capable of ex- 8.

- (Feminine Poetry) 9. Beginnings 2.50 Carol Lynn Pearson

pressing such qualities as anger and 10. The Search - Carol Lynn Pearson (Poetry) 2.95

love and joy and pain. I left the 11. Star Counter - Dennis Smith (Masculine Poetry) 2.95

- Clinton Experience Larson Lord of (Poetry) 5.95 but 12. pleasantly dazedconference

13. J. Stewart 1.75 the Negro - John Mormonism & a spirifully I had had aware that J. 14. Gift Eternal Stewart 1.75 - John

tual encounter. By the time I 15. Handy Book for Genealogists - George Everton 4.95

16. Genealogists Everton - George 2.25 How Book forarrived home I had discovered that

17. Genealogical of the U.S. Everton Atlas 3.00 - George

truth had won out. I was led to 18. Lives & Times of our English Ancestors - Frank Smith 4.95

want to read without delay the 19. Handy Guide to the Genealogical Library 1.50

standard works of the Church. 20. Sure Guide to Genealogical Research 3.00

PUBLICATIONS HAWKES NAME talking Mail to: aWithin week I was again

Street 626 "H"'% Salt City, Lake Utah 84103 ADDRESS missionaries and holdingto two long and searching discussions. All Enclosed is $ ""'zip"

the while, I felt myself encompassed Please send numbers: 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 3 14 15 1 6 17 18 19 20

by a very special feeling of security and hope for the future. Within TOP BOOKS FOR $1.00

another week I was baptized and

JOINING FOR BEEHIVE BOOKCLUBconfirmed.

ERA! ORDER BOOKS IN ANY

It has taken me many years to learn and accept two salient points 13 CHOICE BOOKS BY OTHER TITLES:

FIELDING SMITH: 1.G0SPELD0CTRINEabout God and man. One is that JOSEPH

Joseph F.Smith 4.95 to Gospel Questions-5 vols. 3.25ea. 1. Answers

the gospel needs no defense, apol- 2. Essentials in Church History 5.95 "Priesthood Manual

ogy or adornment. It therefore does 3. Signs of the Times 3.50 for 197071"

not need to be glamorized or hal- 4.5. TeachingsTake Heed ofto JosephYourselfSmith 4.504.95

lowed by ancient rites and customs 6. Way to Perfection 3.50 2. Youth & the Church - Harold B. Lee 4.95

whose origins have been lost in an- 7.8. ProgressMan, His ofOriginMan & Destiny 4.503.95 4.3. SpiritD&C Speaksof the OldDoxeyTestament-Sperry(2 vols.) 5.954.95ea.

tiquity. The gospel stands tantalizing by itself and has thus stood ever I would like to order one book priced at $4.95 or less for $1.00 as my

since it was first proclaimed. The incentiveprices. I agreeto jointo Beehivereturn theBookclub."Order Form"I may ordereach monthother booksor purchaseat regularthe

other point is that man's response to "Feature Book."For every $20 of nondiscounted books I will receive a

sales tax)the gospel is entirely up to himself. BEEHIVE FREE BOOK! (Add 25c per book for postage. In Utah add W%

BOOKCLUB responsibilityOne's the gostoward Name--

St. "H"pel should absolute. be total and City, Lake O Salt626

Utah 84103 Address

City StateZip.

Era, September 1970 25 XXXHj

1 llilLJliX v7vjJJlijJL X ZTATFT! MAMA

(January1914December 1970)

By President Marianne C. Sharp

Editors, Relief Society Magazine

Susa Young Gates Alice Louise Reynolds Mary Connelly Kimball Belle S. Spafford Marianne C. Sharp

19141922 19231930 19301937 19371945 19451970

The Relief Society Magazine has Magazine in its lifetime has been its career may be successful and been a great aid and sustaining glorious. The magazine has met the glorious."

help to Relief Society for the past needs of the women of the Church; An editorial in the January 1915

fiftysix years. The magazine was its pages have offered opportunity magazine, "The Mission of Our

first published in 1914 as a guide for publishing the creative work of Magazine,"stated:

containing uniform lessons for Rethe women of the Church; it has "It is impossible for us to be sure

lief Society. In 1915, reading mapresented the narrative of the hiswhat any child of ours may beterial of general interest to women torical events of Relief Society; it come. How much more impossible,

was added, as well as instructions has contained directives to Relief then, to forecast what shall be the for the conduct of Relief Society; Society officers and class leaders future, the final character, of this

these features had formerly been and has taken the lessons to its subliterary infant, newlyborn. If the

published in the Women's Exscribers, who in August 1970 numEditor of this enterprise might ponent, which ceased publication bered 298,250. shape its policy and fashion its

in February 1914. Now, effective At the beginning of the publicafulfilment, she would have this

at the end of 1970, the Relief Sotion in 1915, President Joseph F. magazine filled with the Spirit of

ciety Magazine will cease publicaSmith said: "Accept my sincere the Lord from cover to cover. In

tion as, in January 1971, the Church congratulations and heartiest greetorder to do that, no article should inaugurates a new magazine for ings in honor of the birth of the be published which would enadult members of the Church. The Relief Society Magazine. May it courage vanity, hurtful luxury, sin,

interests of both men and women enter upon its noble mission so or any evil passion of the human are to be consolidated, with relefirmly entrenched about by the breast. Rather would we make of

vant material for both. bulwarks of worthy and capable this magazine a beacon light of

The history of the Relief Society endeavor and enduring truth that hope, beauty, and charity.

The

Magazine

Facsimile of cover of the Relief Society Magazine, 1915 Cover August 1970: Lithographed color transparency

"The Christian world have all dynamic woman who had known on art. Attention was called to the

the virtues. They practice many of the Prophet Joseph, who had underbeautiful music rendered by the

the moral precepts of true religion; gone the blessings and privations Relief Society general choir, and

they are charitable, kind, honest, of pioneering, and who lived on at stakes and wards were urged to and intelligent. They lack one that late date to lead the women of prepare for ward and stake Relief

thing, and one thing only, and that the Church. Society functions.

is the Gospel of Jesus Christ in its Emmeline B. Wells had been Susa Young Gates served as

fulness, taught by those having given the responsibility of initiating editor from 1914 to 1922. Succeedauthority. It is, therefore, the and heading the grain movement ing editors have been Alice Louise

spirit and genius of the Gospel by Relief Society. The first volume Reynolds, 19231930; Mary Conwhich we would like to develop of the magazine narrates her exnelly Kimball, 19301937; Belle S.

and expound brightly, attractively, periences in this movement. The Spafford, 19371945; and Marianne

cheerfully, and hopefully, to readers lessons at that time were on gene- C. Sharp, 19451970.

of the Relief Society Magazine"alogy, home ethics, home gardening Through the years many LatterWhile the magazine may have for women, literature, art, and day Saint writers received encourbeen weak financially at first, it architecture. We learn from the agement through the magazine's

was strong in the message it imfirst volume of the magazine that writing contests. The Eliza Roxey

parted. The early editorials re- a member of the general board, Snow Memorial Poem Contest was

flected the pressing problems of Alice Merrill Home, was asked to begun in July 1923; the name was

the day. They were also filled write a textbook for Relief Society changed to the Relief Society Poem

with encouragement and exhortaMarianne C. Sharp, daughter of the late President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has

tions from general Relief Society served since 1945 as first counselor to President Belle S. Spafford in the

president Emmeline B. Wells, a Relief Society General Presidency and as editor of the Relief Society Magazine.

Era, September 1970 27 NOW! SALTZjLAKE OIVECOTTONWOOD OGOENI Contest in January 1967. The Relief Society Short Story Contest

began as part of the observance of

Relief Society's centennial in 1942.

The Relief Society Song Contest was first announced in October 1968. The contests in poetry and

fiction have added interest and stimulation to creative writing among Latterday Saint women. YOU CAN The latest contest in song writing

has resulted in some lovely compoLIVE IN sitions suitable for use by singing

SALT LAKE CITY mothers."Sixty Years Ago,"a popular feaat the ture published from January 1944

through December 1962, detailed the history of pioneer happenings of Relief Society.NEWHOUSE The first fourcolor cover apCenter of City

Overnight and Residential peared in November 1958, and the

Free Parking first 20page color section in DeFamily Rooms cember 1962, appearing thereafter

Daily from $8.00 four times a year.

A milestone in the history of the

Relief Society Magazine occurred MONTHLY RATE greatest selection in June 1966 when permission was given to begin publication of an $200. TWO PANT

sisters, to the PRIVATE ROOM—BATH WOOL SHARKSKIN whoeditionwerefor secondSpanishspeakingin number

ALL—MEALSMAIL FORandDETAILSSERVICES—SUITS Englishspeaking group.

designed and tailored Through the years the magazine

NEWHOUSE expressly for missionaries has endeavored through its various 4th South and Main Salt City, Lake Utah 84101 whoWisestneedchoicea perfectfor youngappearmen featuresday Sainttowomenmeet thewhileneedsat oftheLattersame

Name ance—and miles of extra time promoting and standardizing

wear! Tailored of a strong the procedures of Relief Society.

twoply wool with two pair It has brought the sisterhood intoAddress of pants 97.50

close bonds through instructions other models from 79.95

that have been conveyed to offiPrint Name and Address ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores cers and class leaders in the "Notes to the Field"department.

You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS ICE The "From Near and Far"page has

CREAM whenever you "TREAT"yourself to allowed the sisters to exchange views and to read letters from all

DISTINCTIVE over the world with regard to

The frontispiece page has preOvieScjtove *9ce(W the content of the magazine.

sented lovely and meaningful poems

Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations of outstanding Latterday Saint 36 Incomparable Flavors women poets. Another regular

Remember, your visit to SALT LAKE CITY feature has been the hobby page, is not complete until you visit Snelgroves which has recognized the hobbies

AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS 28

Draw of elderly sisters. The birthday place of Relief Society at Nauvoo,

congratulations page originally Illinois; the story of the dedication listed the names of Latterday Saint on Temple Square of the campanile "Winky"

women as they became 80 years of housing the Nauvoo Temple bell age, but of recent years it has erected to commemorate the cenrecognized those who became 90, tennial of Relief Society in 1942;

thus reflecting the lengthening of the history of the giant financial the lifespan. endeavor to build the Relief SoThe "Notes From the Field"ciety Building, which was accompages have contained pictorial and plished in one year; the proceedings

printed accounts of Relief Society of the laying of the cornerstone and activities throughout the world. the dedication of the Relief Society

Photographs of singing mothers Building by President David O.

groups have been a part of this McKay; and the prayers at the

feature. dedication session by President

For many years one page has Joseph Fielding Smith and Elder been devoted to activities of women Mark E. Petersen, then advisers to

in the world. Originally designated the Relief Society. The work of

as "Happenings,"this column has Relief Society and its dedicated been designated in more recent officers and members comes alive the Sphere."years slowly turns pages, as one as "Woman's many You may win a age with yellowed It has been the policy and others generally now

to present in each issue recipes and bursting with vivid colors. $795.00 commercial

Society for thehandicrafts homemaker. The Relief Magazine art scholarship of fourcolor finishes its life story the addition in December.With

pictures, it has been possible to The last issues will be crowded Let "Winky"help you test your talent.

include reproductions of masterwith the remaining lessons through Draw her any size except like a tracing.

pieces and beautiful nature and May 1971 for the northern hemiUse pencil. Every qualified entrant

mood pictures, often with represphere and through October 1971 receives a free professional estimate sentative poems. for the southern hemisphere. Henceof his art talent.

Annually new handbook rulings forth Relief Society lessons will be Scholarship winner gets the complete have appeared in an issue of the printed in manual form. home study course in commercial art

magazine following the general Many wards, stakes, and inditaught by Art Instruction Schools,

Relief Society conferences. All the viduals own volumes of the Relief one of America's leading home study

lessons studied by Relief Society Society Magazine. They will be art schools.

women since 1914 are available preserved and will become treaTry for this art scholarship in adverto presentday Church scholars sured volumes of the history of tising art, illustrating, cartooning and through the magazine. Latterday Saint women, as are painting. Entries for the current conOf lasting value also for Latterthose few rare copies of the test due by October 31, 1970. None

be returned. students Our andday Saint women are the talks deWomen's Exponent extant today, can

artists professional not eligible. Conlivered to Relief Society officers detailing the history of the Lattertest winner will be notified. Send your

and members at the Relief Society day Saint women of the pioneering entry today.

annual conferences by the General era.!lAitJ COUPO TO ENTER JJONTEST Authorities and general Relief SoAnd now Relief Society preAI ART INSTRUCTION SCHOOLSciety officers. pares to move ahead in 1971 with Studio OS3790

Mirrored within the pages is the the Church on a new plan for 500 South Fourth Street, Minneapolis, Minn. 55415

Relief Society work done by Latterdrawing the Saints ever closer toPlease enter my drawing in your(PLEASEcontest.PRINT)

day Saint women in the dramatic gether in the bonds of the gospel. Name

efforts of gathering wheat against The Relief Society general board Occupation. -Age.

the day of famine; their activities and members know that the new Address -Apt..

in World Wars I and II; the implan will bring added blessings to City State pressive account of the erection of the sisters through their obedience

a marker designating the birthand continued faithfulness. O County. Zip Code.

Telephone Number.

Accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the National Home Study Council.

Era, September 1970 29 Approved for Veterans Training.

Books of - or Remembrance Books of Encumbrance?

A Fresh Approach forBoggeddown

Genealogists

By Lawrence W. Rand

Helen Keller once said, "There is People in general often have a achievements a bit, as if to say, no king who has not had a slave stereotyped image of a genealogist. "Why haven't you done yours?"

among his ancestors, and no slave First, they seem to think genealoBut then, why haven't you? You

who has not had a king among his."gists must be almost as old as the know what the scriptures say. You

In climbing family trees, one can ancestors for whom they search. know the logic behind the doctrine

discover facts no less extraordinary Second, they place these fictitious of exaltation. In every ward and

than this. Lost branches can be reresearchers in the darkest recesses stake one sees provision for genefound, enchanting friendships are of libraries or imagine them slinkalogy. May I suggest a few hints

often made, and invariably one ing around tombstones in cemefor finding renewed interest in the ends up doing a bit of traveling. teries. I protest. We are not cryptic subject.

Such digestible tidbits need to be reincarnations of some character in First, do your work in small units, emphasized, for too often the study an Edgar Allan Poe thriller. Nor If a pedigree chart baffles you,

of genealogy conjures up a picture are we necessarily old. Our worst stick to making out family group

of work, work, and more work. fault is that we tend to flaunt our records for relatives in your own

locale. Do not worry about Greatgrandfather Jones—be certain you

have everything you want from Father Jones before he dies. Concern yourself first of all with the

hundreds of details that do lie within your realm; that alone can

take a year or two! As your experience and book grow, you will automatically be prepared for the

rougher stuff.

People's interests usually lie within one of two broad areas.

One individual will be scientifically minded. This person tends to excel

in mathematics, enjoys making minor repairs around the house, usually prints exceptionally well.

For this type of individual, the logical road to genealogy is the statistical method.

Other minds run to the belles lettres. These persons are good

letter writers, give stimulating 2Mminute talks, are good conversationalists, and read books a lot. They

should try the biographical method.

Obviously, these are oversimplifi- cations. But taking stock of yourself

may help you get where you are going without sore feet.

For those predisposed to the statistical method, the family group record and pedigree chart should be food to the soul. The juggling

of dates, intricacies of relationship, and need for precision will whet the appetite. Once you have begun,

such terms as "third cousinsecond- removed,""citycounty-state,"and A sweet treat recipe from "full maiden name"soon will be duck soup. The only hurdle before LUSCIOUS LEMON BAR COOKIES

you is to begin. CRUST

The biographical method is not 1 cup soft butter Vz cup powdered U AND I SUGAR emphasized nearly enough in our Dash salt 2 cups flour stakes. I find a lot of genealogical Combine all ingredients and mix well. Press mixture into 9x 13"pan.

talent quashed beneath the urBake at 350 for 15 minutes, or until nicely browned.

gency with which some of us put FILLING our books of remembrance together. 42 cupseggs, granulatedbeaten U AND I SUGAR Vi6 tablespoonscup flour lemon juice

Gather up those old photographs around the house. Dig out that theCombineslightlyflourcooledand crust.sugar, Bakemix inat beaten350 foreggs25 andminutes,lemonorjuice.until set.Pour onto

poem you scribbled in high school Cool and sprinkle with powdered U AND I. Yield: 3 dozen IW cookies.

and that theme you penned in

U and I Sugar Company Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah; near Idaho Falls,

Era, September 1970 31 Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

college. Do you still have that

ORDER COUPON diary you kept faithfully for three A New. Name months? Bring those old letters and Look at the HERITAGE spread their rich contents before

Address you. Then, with this ammunition Mormon

reference, to write. commence City for Past Imm Before have it you will you know

Continental Records presents the D's State a biographical sketch, a "memory

Dick and Duane—in file,"a poem of praise, or even an HERITAGE, a threeZip Code

set featuring album autobiography. only hurdle The

a singalong and book Heritage Songs is a to before history begin. Church bibyou Scenes and of the

liography depicting Epoch Mormon side is a that There of genealogy songs of scenes and $12.95

the epoch. Mormon is rarely mentioned. can Genealogy for Songs LDS H records D's Other Children $4.95 family be does not have fun! What available include

ChildSongs for LDS QTheD's"Now a favorite anecdote, an amusing the ren, The D's Do Sound"$4.95

and Sound,""Now story, unforgettable In event? an of Our Ameri- | Songs Favorite America's

can Heritage $4.95 short years since the few Songs. my conThere is only one thing Price includes postage version, I have dug up dozens of

entertaining more Compatible Stereo—

than a D's record or Stereo interesting incidents. Let me illusPlays Mono

That's the D's in concert:

In Talent MAIL COUPON trate. Names themselves can amuse. Dimensions

D.Chris Poulos WITH CHECK TO: I have run across every size name

East 870 500 South Continental Records

Orem, Utah 84057 South from Sam Band to Cornelia Ger870 East 500

Phone 801225-4561 Orem, Utah 84057 trude van der Sluis; unusual ones,

like Bump and Sidebottom; ones

that left me curious, such as Mehitable Gunn and Elias Lincoln. My

fourth greataunt married Ebenezer

Hubbard. ( I wonder if the children

called her "Mother Hubbard"?)

And then there was Ernest Clever.

Quizzing my relatives for inPRESS formation has exposed a wide variance of mental capacities. You

would be amazed at the wives who do not know their husband's middle name, husbands who do not recall their marriage date, or, as in the case of my father's mother, an inability to recall the birth order of one's brothers and sisters! But

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 balancing these are the "walking

Call (801) 4861892 histories"from whose lair you will come exhausted. Another curiosity

is the children who remember dates

Typography and places better than their parents. Layout and Design

Lithographic Offset Phototypography filled out you have a few When #*fe ms

Letterpress 4-Color Separations Process family records, dozen group pause *3p+, Bindery Shipping and Mailing and look at them afresh. Some of

the facts can be quite diverting.

The one I save for special occasions concerns my seventh greatgrand- father, Isaac Sheldon. He raised a

large family, repainting the cradle

quite regularly every second year. Barefoot Comfort'7

But after begetting an even dozen, a sixyear period elapsed. And

just when they had decided to chuck the cradle once and for all, the thirteenth came along. What

did they name her? Mercy!

These bagatelles come from formal and factual family group records. The episodes from the

biographical section of your book of remembrance will be the nuggets you treasure most and remember the longest.

Admittedly, these intimate glimpses of your ancestors come with a little sweat and blood. As

you interview your living relatives, you will discover quaint and quizzical things. Until I wrote her

biography, I never would have guessed that my saintly grandmother once stole plums from a -w *Crfje -/ *'/ -.ir'>*** ** **-* v-

neighbor's tree! And how did my First the shoes, then the socks. Liberate those cramped little piggies.

family come west? There is no A barefoot romp through thick, cool grass. Or a barefoot splash in a cool

record of historic treks across the Thenmountainwinterstream.comes,Twoandofyouthe covermost thempleasurablesnugly memoriesinside cottonof summer.and cowhide.

plains in my family, no handcarts, Just to keep warm.

still the way to go—outside.no "Come, Come, Ye Saints."My That's

electric flameless But inside heat is the new way to go.

father came west in 1928 riding the One of the nicest things about it is even heat. The floor is as warm as the

rails. And have you ever asked ceiling is as warm as the middle.

your parents or grandparents where Barefoot comfort!

they first met? Their answer may Choose from 6 "Suns"of Electric Heat

surprise you. Electric Ceiling—Electric Baseboard—Electric Furnace

When all else fails, you still have Electric Boiler—Heat Pump—Infrared Heating

yourself to reckon with. Are all the Now... Switch to Carefree Electric Heat For free information, phone

Utah Power and & Light Companyspiritual be converted victories can Most life reof now homes your for specialist, ask a heating with reasonable electric heat to so otherscorded inspired? write: or be may

costs. operating R. Pizza M.Write with the of emotion apogees Sales Dept. and Marketing

your life, your dreams, your most Utah Power & Light Company

O. 899 Box Salt City, Lake Utah 84110embarrassing moment, the lessons UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. P.

life has taught you. Jot down a few

caprices for your greatgrand-children to chortle at. Become slave Welcome to TEMPLE SQUARE MOTOR HOTEL

to a daily habit of writing. It does Modern COFFEE SHOP and DINING ROOMS

not always have to be genealogyTELEVISION & AIR CONDITIONING write a letter, copy a good recipe, RATES: y Cd&Ccompose a melody or poem—but do SINGLES - $ 7.00 up 04&

$ 9.00 up DOUBLES -

- TWINS $11.00it daily. Just as the piggy bank up U&4>t&

spills forth dollars after a few months, your consistent efforts will SPECIAL ATTENTION to...

one day result in a book of rememBREAKFASTS - LUNCHEONS GRANT MABEY, Manager brance worthy of future exaltation BANQUETS - BUSINESS MEETINGS FREE Drive wParkingof you and your loved ones. O and WEDDING BREAKFASTS

TEMPLE SQUARE MOTOR HOTEL 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Era, September 1970 33 Western Union Reservations accepted collect

JVurses: enjoyyour - careermore inProw.

Fulfill your career dreams with a unique opportunity to join the permanent staff of the Utah Valley LDS Hospital.

Excellent positions will be available to.......

both qualified registered and licensed practical nurses who wish to locate It permanently in the Provo, Utah area. < u... hms

A continuing education program, '\ expanding facilities, inservice training and a highly regarded profesional staff assures you of an unlimited opportunity to progress to your chosen level of nursing.

Provo is a paradise for those of all ages.

Leisure hours are filled with a variety of sports, recreation and cultural pursuits.

The city boasts the home of Brigham P'

Young University and soon, a new LDS Please send me more information of temple. Excellent weather, stunning nursing opportunities at the Utah Valley

scenery and beautiful neighborhoods let LDS Hospital.

you combine ideal working conditions with exciting and pleasant living. Name

Send today for additional information.

Address VALLEY UTAH LDS HOSPITAL City 1034 North 500 West 84601 Provo, Utah (801) 3737850 State. Zip. Telephone

J

WOMAN IN A

Chasm Crossing MAN'S WORLD n knowledgeable nation's most the of One Bradley Marlys By... Sylvia is business experts a woman Maryon on Illustrated by Ed

Porter. She is highlyrespected for her

astute reporting and analysis and she The cleft was opened has accurately forecast many trends. With a hasty word

Read her column regularly on the And widened with business pages. The silence.

Deep fissures worn By hidden hurts Broadened into canyons Of multiplied sins.

One outstretched hand Became the trestle.

Words became the bridge, And soon the chasm closed.

DESERET NEWS 34 Era, September 1970

Announcing the most long awaited gasoline development in history!

with tanksful just six of Chevron running. of this car with the engine pipe F-3IO

sharply. balreduced exhaust emissions The The—FormulaAFTERF310. Dirty like this until dirty it looked exhaustBEFOREballoon began to fill with"A clear balloon was attached to the exhaust "The same car—after running on

showing how exhaust emissions from dirty engines go into the loon remains clear! No dirty smoke. F-310 turns dirty smoke into

air—and waste mileage."good clean mileage."

gasolinesNew F-310 in Chevron turns dirty exhaust into good clean mileage.

Now, research scientists at Standard Oil Company of Caliciently. Result: wasted gasoline goes out the exhaust pipe as

fornia have developed a remarkable new gasoline additive—unburned hydrocarbons, along with increased carbon monoxide

Formula F-310*—that sharply reduces dirty exhaust from dirty emissions. You can even see the emissions as dirty smoke. And

engines. And helps toward cleaner air. you can feel—and hear—the rough idling. It all adds up to a

Tests conducted by Scott Research Laboratories, an indepencar that is unnecessarily emitting dirty exhaust and wasting dent research group, showed that Chevron gasolines with F-310 gasoline. Just six tanksful with F-310

reduced unburned hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide emissions can correct the condition. dramatically. Clearly, this is an important step towards solving Formula F-310 is now in all Chevron Chevron

one of today's major problems. gasolines at Standard Stations and in-

F-310 also improves mileage, because dirty exhaust is really dependent Chevron Dealers. In its

wasted gasoline. So F-310 literally keeps good mileage from formula and effectiveness, F-310 is ungoing up in smoke. like any other additive in any other

What causes an engine to produce dirty exhaust in the first gasoline.

place? Over a period of time, deposits make engines "run rich."*F-310 Trademark Tor Polybutene Amine

They actually consume more gasoline than they can burn effiGasoline Additive

Chevron with F-3IO. There isn't a caron the road that shouldn't be usingit.

Standard Oil Company of California

TheLDS Scene

AllChurch Tennis Meet Nearly 300 players from throughout the Church and Diane Congdon of the BYU 70th Ward took came to Salt Lake City for the second annual MIA allChurch the women's singles division. Richard L. Warner,

tennis tournament. Patrick Landau of BYU 46th Ward, president of the University of Utah First Stake, and his son,

a recent convert and former Davis cup team Rick, of the. Monument Park Second Ward, won the

member from Monaco, won the men's ranked singles. men's doubles title for the second consecutive

Women's ranked singles title went to Margaret Blake year. Winners in the women's doubles were Robbin Lund

of the University Ward in Seattle, Washington. of the East 12th Ward and Luceen Hansen of the

Ron Smith of the BYU 50th Ward won the men's singles, 11th Ward, both of Salt Lake City.

Church Commissioner

Of Health Services Dr. James 0. Mason,

president of the Atlanta (Georgia) Stake, has been named Church Commissioner of Health Services, BYU A Capella Choir and Folk Dancers Perform in Europe in a consolidation of all

The Brigham Young University to return to Paris and Notre Dame for a Church hospitals under a

A Capella Choir, on its second tour of fullscale concert. Highlights of the fifth single board of trustees.

Europe, became the second American and European tour of the American folk dancers Brother Mason was deputy first nonCatholic religious group ever of Brigham Young University included director of the National to perform in the famous Notre a personal greeting by the president Center for Disease Control

Dame Cathedral in Paris, France. of Portugal and a performance attended in Atlanta before receiving

The choir received an open invitation by the king and queen of Denmark. the new appointment.

Church Pageants Presented at the Hill Cumorah, Manti Temple

A midsummer highlight was the presentation of thirtyfourth year. An estimated 20,000 persons

two annual Church pageants designed to tell the gospel viewed Sanpete South Stake's fourth annual presentation story. Approximately 100,000 visitors witnessed of The Mormon Miracle, staged on the temple grounds

one of America's largest outdoor productions at the at Manti, Utah. The production featured a cast and

Hill Cumorah near Palmyra, New York, where staff of 250 in scenes memorializing the founding of the

America's Witness for Christ was presented for the Church and depicting events from the Book of Mormon.

Real Estate Group Officer Is Named

Zan L. Beckstead of

the North Hollywood Choir Performs at South Carolina Tricentennial Celebration (California) Ward has been With the singing of such stirring coliseum at the University of South Carolina named executive American classics as "Dixie,""Battle in Columbia. In addition to augmenting

vicepresident and state Hymn of the Republic,"and "Carolina,"the Dixie festivities, the choir secretary of the the Tabernacle Choir paid tribute to was celebrating the completion of 48,000member California South Carolina's threehundredth 41 years of continuous nationwide

Real Estate Association. anniversary in the new 15,000seat radio broadcasting.

Era, September 1970 37 Mud on

Jeff was disappointed that I had your coat before you catch cold."

to leave so soon. He really missed I placed the strainer on the

the playtime with his dad. Ever tank, and when I looked again heHis Shoes since he was big enough to walk, was gone. He had quietly slipped By Ned A. Stokes

Photo by Eldon Linschoten he had been my constant shadow, out the door and was gingerly

Posed by Paul Chamberlain playing on the haystack, running picking his way back home. As I

It snowed last night, and all day through the fields, riding on the went about my work, I began to today the cold January rain fell. wagons. But now he had to stand think of his appearance there in

Wet patches of snow made irregualone each dark winter morning to the doorway on this cold, wet lar patterns on the muddy, halfcatch the school bus and be January day. Suddenly a lump

frozen ground. It was the kind of whisked off to the halls of learning. started to swell in my throat as I

day that makes you hate to leave The first year had been new and remembered the love shining the cozy comfort of a warm house exciting, but now school had befrom his eyes and thought of his to go out to do chores. come routine, and he would listen wild, impulsive dash up the muddy

The cows on our Idaho dairy with just a hint of envy as Eric and lane just to be with his dad again.

farm, however, demand that their and Lori happily told of the events What he wanted and needed was routine not be overlooked. There of the day. There were times the warm hug and solid reassurare 80 head of them that must be when he felt a bit alone and left ance that he was still part of the

milked night and morning, regardout, pushed cut of the nest by the family, that he wasn't left out and less of the wind or weather. demands of our educational forgotten. I had overlooked the

I had been having a great time system. sparkle in his eye but had seen

romping with the kids on the livJeff followed me out to the back the mud on his shoes.

ing room floor. Lori, our fouryear- room, where he chattered excitedly I went to the window and looked

old girl, had been playing her about his day's activities at school at the small figure far down the favorite record, "Little Red Riding as I put on my coveralls, boots, road, his sevenyear-old shoulders

Hood,"and we were acting it out. and coat. He waved goodbye from drooping beneath the blue jacket.

She was Little Red Riding Hood, the back step as I trudged up the My heart ached as I thought of how and mommy was the mother. I muddy road toward the barn. The I had let him down, and I wonwas the big bad wolf, and Eric, milking barn was up by grandpa's dered if he would come back.

who just turned six last week, was house, about an eighth of a mile Twice I went to the phone to try the woodcutter. The kids giggled away. to call him and say that I had

excitedly as I pretended to be I clattered around the milk something special to tell him, but

Granny with the big ears, the big room, rinsing lines and preparing the line was busy.

eyes, and the great big teeth. Eric milking units, grumbling to mySadly I went about the business

did a fine job of rescuing Red Ridself about the lousy weather. As I of getting the cows in and starting

ing Hood from the ferocious beast. turned around to put the strainer the milking. I thought over and

After that, I was transformed into a onto the bulk tank, I glanced up over how I had missed a golden horse and Lori, Eric, and twoyear- and there he was, standing shyly opportunity to tell this fine young old Tracy took turns riding a wild just inside the door, his jacket son of mine just how much I love mustang through the carpeted canundone, slightly out of breath, and him and how much he means to yons between the sofa and the with a sparkle in his eyes. me. The day seemed dreary inchairs. In the midst of this indoor "Hi, dad,"he said eagerly. deed until suddenly there he was

rodeo, our oldest boy, Jeff, burst I looked down at his muddy again, standing in the doorway into the room after a hard day of shoes, surprised at his sudden with a broad grin on his face.

tackling secondgrade math probappearance on a day like this, and I swept him up into my arms lems. He too had to have his ride said, "You shouldn't be up here and held him tight and said, "You

on the now wornout and notso- without your boots on. Those know something, Jeff? I sure do

wild mustang, and then it was time shoes cost too much for you to be love you!"

for dad to hike off. to the barn to ruining them by running through He was radiant with joy as he

begin the evening chores. the mud. And you'd better zip up said, "I love you too, dad. Do you

Ned A. Stokes, a Sunday School teacher in the Provo Fourth Ward, has left notice something?"

the Fruitland, Idaho, dairy farm where this story took place to study English I sure did. There was the

at father Brigham Young University. The

o'clock of five, he got out of bed at two sparkle in his eye—and boots on to record this one morning episode. warm

his shoes. o

Era, September 1970 39 Mother of a Nation By Helen H. Trutton

Across the windswept desert from Haran to Then repented, boived

Chaldea, (I'm sure she did)—

On into the land of Egypt, Sarai ivent—Lo, God had said to look to the sky, and count the

In caravans, slowly weaving a path high stars if you can,

In moonlit etchings against unquiet skies. Spoken to her husband:

And Sarai wept (At least I think she did) "If thou be able to number them, so shall thy

At iveary steps so soon to disappear in cavalcades seed be."

of sands, Thus in land not far from where the Egyptians

In a strange, unknown land. dwelt,

Sarah, pleased, a smile across her tired face,

Onward as the Lord directed, through swirling Exuberant over her newborn son, grayshore sands, Called his name Isaac.

Still enduring the long trek in faltering steps, She brushed away her tears that day and loved

With dark, troubled, brooding eyes, bronze skin him with a mother's love, each day And praised God from above.

Kissed passionately by desert's scalding rays;

Then Sarai heard. Exquisite woman, helpmeet to the Prophet AbraGodterity—butchanged herhow?name to Sarah, promised a posShe,ham,ivho ivalked beside him, honored, yet grumFor she was aged now. bling,

Caused Hagar to depart into barren lands

Within her bosom, monstrous fears whirled turbuWith Ishmael, where an angel took her hand.

lently At last humbling Like tramping tiny bits of sa?ids in the fierce (Indeed she did)—

ivinds. Sarah became as God had promised: "Mother of a

Untrustingly Sarah mourned in solitude Nation,"

In her desertscented tent; next, laughed loud; To that royal station!

Helen H. Trutton, spiritual living leader in the Relief Society and drama director in the MIA in the

Walla Walla (Washington) Ward, has sold numerous articles, poems, and plays to national publications.

The Era

of\buth

September 1970 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Edit

The Compromise.

By Linda Buhler Sillito*

September holds the green among the gold

In bluesleeved arms, ignores the thump(of, time.

The trees toss green, long locks in flippant mime

Of August; the last three, roses waken and unfold

For now when all is ripe but nothing falls—

When some is green, some gold, but nothing brown

One quick embrace is locked, though threats are blown

Like winds before the yoarming dawn. The calls

Of warmer trees have not enticed the birds

Who clump my windowleaves. The butterflies

Still float like scraps of shining paper. The bold,

Pale rose, the stubborn leaves deny the words 'That speak an end, insist on compromise—

A futile plea for joining green:with gold.

'Linda Buhler Sillito has been a many -time winner in the Era of Youth Writing Contest and worfj| cash award for this entry in the 1970 competitf

fptember 1970 41 smd Tteiir FsmmfbsTSM By Elaine Cannon

"A hero is someone who goes through the dark streets of life lighting lamps for people to see by. A

saint is himself a light."(Felix Adler)

"Jesus wants me for a sunbeam,"the little children sing. And some of them grow up to be one

What lights in the dark streets of life they are. They

are the kind of people who seem most like the Savior. They

live close to him. They are direction in days of confusion.

They are comfort in times of disappointment, wisdom in the face of froth. They're constancy amid change, an

authentic quality surrounded by counterfeits. They are

fun to be around, with great, good humor and an exhilaration about life that is contagious. When they come on

the scene, an everythingis-goingto-beall-right feeling pervades.

Our General Authorities are like this. They are most

familiar in the pulpit setting. But they also are exciting,

dashing men with a variety of interests. Just being around

them leaves you admiring them and loving them for what they are and fervently wishing that more young people would grow up trying to be like them.

President N. Eldon Tanner's

life is heavily programmed, but he still finds time for an occasional round of golf.

Here he pauses for a chat with grandchildren: Larry

Spackman, Julie Jensen, Jim Jensen, and Bob Jensen (sitting).

Era, September 1970 43 mm&umt* r n'tiwMin M

Elder Marvin J. Ashton

was a successful athlete in his youth and continues to enjoy active sports involvement and to share his tennis expertise with some interested young friends at the tennis court.

Elder Hartman Rector and his family find horseshoes a relaxing way to be together for fun. The younger

generation gets some good instruction from dad.

Elder Bruce R. McConkie

enjoys collecting and polishing rocks, a hobby he shares with his children.

All of Elder A. Theodore

Turtle's children ride horses regularly with their parents. Here Elder Tuttle

explains to three of them some of the finer points of their quarter horses.

Elder Alvin R. Dyer

offers some sage handball pointers to grandson, Mark Dyer Klein. After many

years of lively participation in the sport, Elder Dyer still plays regularly.

PeopleWe'd Like to KnowMoreAbout

Interview with NealAJVlaxwell

Conducted by Jim Jardine and Rich Boyer

Q: What do you think a collegeage person can

do to improve his selfconcept?

Maxwell: If you are working on your own selfimage, try to be honest enough to inventory your

skills. Most of us shortchange ourselves on the

skills that we have. In order to get a correct inventory, you can't just ask yourself; you have to have

a relationship with other people. They can help

you make that inventory in terms of things that you do well or have the potential of doing well.

Second, you must build the kind of relationship with some people that permits you to say, "How am I doing?"in terms of your efforts to improve

your performance. Most of us don't make the

inventory and many do not have the kind of

VicePresident of the Executive theNeal A. Maxwell was formerly

of friends who can give them those vital pieces of he Recently CommissionerUniversity of Utah. was named

Church Education. information on which to build a data base. Third,

Era, September 1970 47 you must genuinely want to improve your perthe world, but rather work, love, and serve in the formance and not to excuse yourselves from the "Ninevehs"of his life, knowing as Lehi did that difficult tasks that this kind of improvement he might not succeed fully in saving all his loved warrants. For instance, it is not easy for most ones—but refusing to give up. By "following the

of us to cope with conflict. It's easier for us brethren,"we can strike a proper balance in this

to run away from trouble, but we don't grow respect.

when we do that. The unmarried college student

can have a particular problem; if he or she isn't Q: We find that one of our greatest problems as

married, there is no husband or wife who will college students is to know how to relate to our give honest feedback, who will level, to use Paul's peers in college who do not share our views on words, "speaking the truth with love."Parents life. How do you interact with your administrative

can help immensely in this way, however. Your and faculty colleagues?

educational experience is protracted now over Maxwell: The Church is in a position today of

longer years; whereas years ago you would have being an ecclesiastical Everest—not because of

gone out on the farm and immediately begun to size but because we rise above the Himalayas of "produce,"today it takes a while before you secular philosophies—and we will call forth attenachieve visibly, economically, and professionally. tion simply because, like Everest, we are there.

The first thing for one to try to do is to "fly the

Q: What do you see as things we can do now to flag"of one's convictions and beliefs, not miliprepare ourselves for possible leadership and retantly, but with quiet dignity. Second, one has to

sponsibility in the Church? be articulate about his belief system, showing its

Maxwell: First, you must begin to reconcile relevance for today's world. The Church is full

your circle of concern that education has enlarged of imperfect individuals, but a lot more gets done with your smaller circle of effective influence. because there is an institution that has a program

Neither circle should be static. Committing yourthan would be done if the individual were left

self to disciplined service in the Church and doing alone with his irregular Christian impulses. Food

selective civic chores can give expression to your and supplies went to Peru because the Church idealism and energy. On a plaque on my office was ready. The Church keeps us feeling and

wall is a quote from Anne Morrow Lindbergh: acting; it organizes our concerns. Third, one must

"My life cannot implement in action the demands have the kind of love in which his absolute beliefs of all the people to whom my heart responds."One do not get in the way of genuine interpersonal

learns that his circle of influence is much smaller relationships with those who don't share his than his circle of concern. In other words, you beliefs. The gospel gives us additional reasons

must not stop caring but simultaneously you must to love others, to be more concerned for them begin to be effectively selective in things that you not less! My relations with nonmember colleagues

seek to do. with whom I would disagree on a lot of points are

Second, you should be regularly involved in really quite sweet and tender because we know reading the scriptures so that they can sing that we have much in common and we talk about today's song to you and not yesterday's. You'll our concerns. Associational compartmentalization

discover concepts or insights that are especially is not the answer; one must relate to these people

meaningful to you now. One should not go, Jonahas whole persons, or we will know each other

like, up on the hillside to watch disaster overtake only as functions and interact only when we must.

Q: Where in this isolated, rarified air of college in the Church who are active and informed. Our

do you see the real education occurring? defectors and dissenters exist, however, and do

Maxwell: It's outside the classroom most of the need love and response. One of the major contime, although the classroom at its best can procerns of the young is to make sure that the

vide real, solid experiences in learning. Unforinstitution of the Church is relevant and retunately, we still use the classroom too often just sponsive.

to dispense information. Most of the real learning The larger challenge I see the young facing is

occurs in peer groups, in reflecting, in reading, the crisis of purpose that surrounds them in a and in testing ideas with one's models. Education world veering toward pessimism and futility.

should unite explanation and exhortation with Although it sounds ethnocentric, the gospel gives example and experience more often than is the us the only ultimate answer to man's problems.

case now. Getting involved in the actual work of Amidst this crisis of purpose and malaise, it's not

one's field so one can get real preparation is deat all surprising that some of the young should sirable. That's what is happening in law school reach out for substitutes, as a way of fastening

now; the law students are involved in clinical onto something that gives stability and purpose

problems well before they graduate. Missionary to life. Our task in the Church is to make the

work is a somewhat useful analogy: missionaries "real thing"available and attractive. Substitutes

spend a little time in the mission home, but soon will not give the young what they really want.

are out applying and learning. Existentialism and humanism appear to be the

Liberal education in America is at the crosswave of the future in the secular world, and roads in many ways; as vital as it is, liberal Latterday Saint youth have the task of appreeducation is often too unfocused, or too ambivalent ciating and understanding why many other stuabout its goals. There is a real need in America dents come to feel this way about life, and yet

for more technical and vocational education, and being able to show their peers how relevant the we must seek to enhance the prestige and the gospel of Jesus Christ is. Our young must be

crafts and trades in the minds of youth and able to articulate the gospel in a way that their parents; the young do not all need to be neuropeers will understand:. to be ready always, to give

surgeons, and parents must try to understand this. a reason for the special hope that is in us.

Your generation will have to do most of the

Q: In your book A More Excellent Way, you talking to your generation. Mine can help but it

quote a humorous poem about young people "going cannot play a primary role.

to the dogs."What do you think of our genWe're not going to be believed by others unless

eration? our lives are reasonably congruent with Christ's.

Maxwell: I think the distribution, on any kind of This search for congruency and constancy ought

competency curve, of young people in the Church to reflect itself in our lives. Others may not

today ought to make us feel good, not bad. The understand us completely—they may not even

"elite"young, the "idealists without illusions,"like us—but they will be far less angry with us if

are highly committed, highly informed, and are we are congruent in our way of life. If we are

living the gospel principles because they believe in fortunate and humble we will be able to help them and not because of artificial pressures; this others to see that the very answers they really

is a bigger group than it was 20, 30, or 40 years want come from this "improbable"source, the ago. There are also proportionately more young restored gospel of Jesus Christ O

Era, September 1970 49 Separated for Awhile

By Marion D. Hanks

The young captain had volunteered for an extra period of duty in Vietnam, as had so many of his fellow servicemen, because he believed in the cause and was willing to serve it. His job as

forward air controller involved flying a small airplane over the jungles and rice paddies looking for enemy activity. Often he found it when shots

were aimed at him. He had survived many close

calls in his assignment.

When he came to the meeting on this particular occasion, the captain had just finished flying another fourand-a-halfhour mission. He was obviously grateful to be able to be in attendance and

to participate. He talked of his wonderful family

at home and expressed appreciation that they were able to spend time together by means of tape recordings and letters. He talked of the sorrow of separation and of his great love for his

family and of his confidence in them and in their growth and development while he was away.

As he spoke to us, our brother mentioned the sad example being given the local people by some

American servicemen. "Let's show these wonderful Vietnamese people what true husbands and

fathers are like,"he said. "Let's give them a picture of honorable husbands and fathers as they Illustrated by Dale Kilbourr

should be."

His summation of the experience of separation from home and loved ones was sobering and compelling in its thoughtfulness "Those of us over here know what it means to be separated from our wives and children temporarily,"he said. "We certainly don't intend to do

anything that would separate us from them permanently."O

ou Kea u Lovea /v\e, roua

Dear Jim, Last night you pleaded with me, so ardently and things, which is chastity and virtue"—are written

< \ urgently, to "prove my love for you."You were in letters of fire in my mind today. That is what

very persuasive, and because I always want to you asked me to give you to prove my love it please you and do what you want me to do, it I wonder if I could make you understand, a was hard to deny you. little, what you were asking. You are so very

Today I am thankful from the bottom of a proud of your new sports car. What would you

i/y frightened and full heart that I did not let you say if someone asked you to give her your car ii persuade me. If I had agreed to your insistence, to prove your affection for her? You would surely

I would now be despising myself and hating and think she was joking. Then if you found out that

blaming you. the person was in deadly earnest, you would know

I have hardly slept during the night, but I have that she must be insane, yet you could get another thought a lot. I kept thinking what a shining and car, and might be able to do so in less than a year.

beautiful word the word purity is. Today I do But if I had given you the gift of my chastity,

not believe that I could bear the despair and self- I would have regretted it the rest of my life. You

disgust that I would have felt if I had given in would have lost your purity, too.

to you. In Proverbs, King Solomon says, "Who can find

All night, passages of scripture kept going a virtuous woman? for her price is far above

through my mind, and they have never been so rubies. The heart of her husband does safely

meaningful! The one that I thought of first was trust in her...."(Prov. 31:1011.) If things had

the one in which our Heavenly Father says, "I, been different today, and we should someday be the Lord, delight in the chastity of women."married, would you have ever felt that you could

Today I can think of that scripture with deep safely trust in me? You know the answer to that

thankfulness that it still applies to me Jim, I know that I will always think a lot of

In the middle of the night I got up and opened you, but now I feel that I cannot safely trust in up the Book of Mormon to a verse that I someyou. Last nig:., you were trying to destroy my

how remembered, in which Mormon is writing to purity and selfrespect and chance of true future his son Moroni. You can feel his horror and happiness, for a few minutes of excitement and

sorrow as he tells of the terrible cruelty of the pleasure for yourself. Your talk of my proving

Nephite soldiers to the Lamanite maidens. my love for you was a bitter mockery. You

"Many of the daughters of the Lamanites have proved that you do not love me. You love only

been taken prisoners,"he says, "and after deyourself.

priving them of that which is most dear and Elizabeth precious above all things, which is chastity and virtue."(Moro. 9:9.) These words of Mormon

"That which is most dear and precious above allThe writer's true name is withheld

Era, September 1970 51 The Impossible Dream "To dream the impossible phone books (earning five cents ordinance work (three families dream"might have been the per book), sale of $3,000 worth were sealed in the temple). A

theme adopted by youth from the of candy, running a service stahighlight of the iveek's stay in

Scotch Plains Ward of New Jertion for one day, car ivashes, Utah was the opportunity to sey Central Stake—but for them, window washes, ward movies, meet President Joseph Fieldthe dream came true. When their bake sales, house cleaning, coning Smith. Testimonies were

roadshow ivas invited to perform struction jobs, yard work, and strengthened, and everyone at MIA June Conference in Salt baby sitting. Some personal agreed it was worth the effort

Lake City, 2,300 miles away, it donations were made by parents to make this seemingly imposseemed an impossible task to and friends, but the youth raised sible dream come true.

raise the necessary $250.00 a most of the money themselves. Participants in the project,

person for the air fare, and with The theme of their roadshow under the direction of Bishop only four months in which to do ivas the idea that the world Charles H. Recht, included Janit. But do it they did! Most of needs to take a true look at the net Merrill, Kathy Vellinga,

the group are converts to the good there is in teens today. Nancy Thome, Peggy Grant,

Church, and, a visit to Church These young artists exemplified Cliff Vellinga, Randy Wright, dream—somethingheadquarters was wortha beautifulworkthissentingtheme.theirInroadshowaddition into fourpreFluckiger,Beverly Vivers,CherylLynCozzens,Miller, LynnPaid

ing for. performances, they also had time Merrill, Bob Nicholas, Lynn

Their fundraising projects to tour Salt Lake City and its Geddes, and Dick and Karen included delivery of 15,000 telenearby canyons and do temple Paul. O

Era, September 1970 53

iKgJp, Getting to KnowYou

Two pairs of brothers in the Pocatello (Idaho) Sixth Ward are now Eagle Scouts. They are

Thomas and Benjamin Call, sons of Dr. and Mrs. Lloyd S. Call, and

Dale ("Kirk") and Richard Kirkham, sons of Mr. and Mrs. Dale B.

Kirkham.

Benjamin, a 1970 graduate of Pocatello High School, was a member of student council, Key Club.

and the varsity debate team. A

National Merit Scholar, he begins his premedical college training this fall. He served as president

of his seminary student body last year.

Thomas, a high school junior, has been active in art and dramatics and is a member of the

Order of the Arrow. He was

seminary class president last year.

"Kirk,"who is now a senior, has been a member of his high school's house of representatives for two years, as well as the ski club, Key

Club, and boys'council. He plays

in the high school symphonic and pep bands. In the Scout program,

he has earned the 50mile hike patch and interpreter's bar (for

Spanish).

Richard, a high school sophomore this year, has been active in athletics, art, music. He was student body president of seminary at

his junior high school.

All four boys have served as Sara Puccini, a 17year-old beauty Jan Worsencroft of Twin Falls, officers in their Scout troops and from Bogota, Colombia, has rated Idaho, has just completed a sum-—Benjamin,in their priesthood"Kirk,"quorums.and Thomas—Three herpressschool,noticestheon Colegioher popularityHijas deat mer'sBoundassignmentprogram withat Idahothe UpwardState

have received their Duty to God Educadores. She has been a counUniversity. A psychology major,

awards. selor in YWMIA and is now secreshe has been a campus queen and

tary of the branch's Primary. cheerleader and was a runnerup

in the Miss Idaho contest. She

works her way through school and besides all this, keeps heavily involved in church work; currently

she is counselor in the student stake Relief Society.

Panama Canal Zone teens in Balorable activity was a kite building boa had a great time recently at and flying contest beneath the the first bilingual youth conferfamed Bridge of the Americas.

ence in their area. Delegates came Subjects explored by the delegates

from both the Englishand Spanto help them better define their ishspeaking areas. Language was relationship to the Church included:

not an insurmountable barrier to "Are We Tempted Beyond Our developing friendship and underAbility to Resist?""What Is the

standing. Picnics, swimming, singPower and Significance of the

ing, speaking, and discussion Spirit?""Will Gospel Principles

groups were featured, and a memReally Work Today?"O

Era, September 1970 55 The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

MEETING

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

illustrated by Dale Kitbourn

Since the beginning man has can move downward. Without this been created for a thing of

lived in a world of opposites. It law of opposites, all things would naught; wherefore there would

was so decreed when Adam and remain stationary in time and have been no purpose in the end

Eve were driven out of the Garden place. of its creation...."(2 Ne. 2:11of Eden and the Lord declared, Lehi, in the Book of Mormon, 12. Italics added.)

"... cursed is the ground for thy points out plainly why there must By virtue of the wisdom and insake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of be opposites in life in order for sight these scriptures provide of

it all the days of thy life; man to achieve any growth or the true purpose of opposites in

"Thorns also and thistles shall progress: "For it must needs be, life, young people of the Church

it bring forth to thee;... that there is an opposition in all need not be confused by the false

"In the sweat of thy face shalt things. If not so,...righteousness voices calling for revolution and

thou eat bread..,."(Gen. 3:17could not be brought to pass, violence as a means of instantly

19.) neither wickedness, neither holiestablishing the perfect world. On

It is interesting to note the ness nor misery, neither good nor the path to eternal life, as a spiristatement, "cursed is the ground bad. Wherefore, all things must tual and moral schoolroom, we are

for thy sake."At first this seems needs be a compound in one; confronted with contention, pov-

a paradox until one reflects for a wherefore, if it should be one body erty, unrighteousness, and failure.

moment on the need for opposites it must needs remain as dead, All men are moving either upward in life. A point is given toward having no life neither death, nor toward i perfection and eternal

which one can move upward. This corruption nor incorruption,... peace and joy or downward toward

upward dimension automatically neither sense nor insensibility. imperfection and eternal sorrow

creates a point toward which one "Wherefore, it must needs have and anguish. Free agency, the

C*

opportunity to choose one's acwill have an opportunity to choose tions, requires conditions that the upward path into eternal peace must allow the violent, the sinful, and joy.

the lustful to do those things A small, noisy, violent minority which permit them to express their blames all the ills of the world on base desires. In making such what it calls the Establishment.

choices, they create conditions This minority advocates the overthat harm the innocent, disturb the throw and destruction of What is peace, create need and want, and admittedly not perfect, yet this is hinder the positive growth and the only base on which progress progress of those who would obey can be achieved. They do not

the Lord by striving to attain the have a plan, much less the ability, perfection that will be fully to better even the simplest condiachieved in the eternities. tions they so loudly deplore. Until

Members of the Church may, ex- a person has the plans, the ability, pect to have problems to solve. and the means with which to reBut they know that the productive place that which is not perfect in

way to meet these problems is our society with something better, through the orderly processes of he will be moving backward and law and constituted authority. No downward, rather than forward

member who is in harmony with and upward. Latterday Saint

the Church will seek to meet the young people are aware of the problems of our time through dischallenges and problems of today. Pure elegance of line, cut and design, this

obedience to law and order, for They know this life is a journey. Special Session Dress is beautifully tradi-

"we believe in being subject to The destination, with the peace tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly

kings, presidents, rulers, and and plenty that they desire, is not created for both slender and full figures.

free. flowing or Adbelted newly Wearmagistrates, in obeying, honoring, to be found fully on this earth. The

.. zipper back. hidden lace collar justable

and sustaining the law."(Article road to eternal joy is steep and... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and

of Faith 12.) rocky; but excitement fills the lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E.

Only through legally and constipath, and it leads to the fulfillment Matching Slip. 30

tutionally approved channels will of all that they desire in righteousS24.00 to 38. -6245, $12.00

faithful Latterday Saints seek to ness. They welcome the labor of

meet the challenges of our time the climb. The road of challenges

Local Your See to is build a better world opposites where all and an opportunity, Consultant Voy's Le % or throughmen, diligence, personal not a frustration, to them. o or M.O. Mail Check

Postpaid in U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Era, September 1970 57 THE RISKOF LOVE Well, it had finally happened—missionaries had knocked at her

that which she had thought was door—two and a half years since,

impossible, that which she had said out of kindness, she had askec would never happen to her, that them in from the hot sun and then which only happened to others who from an awakening spiritual curiwere far weaker had happened to osity had asked them to return.

her. She had fallen in love with a Since that time the Church had

nonMormon. been her life. She who had been

Oh yes, she had been smug and alone in a large city was suddenly confident. She had compassionsurrounded by the warmest of

ately observed the lonely women hearts. She who had had time on

sitting in church, some perhaps her hands discovered there was no with their children, but all seeming such thing as a lazy good Mormon.

very much alone. Generally they She who had felt lost and uncertain

were divided into two groups—had found a whole new world of

those who had joined the Church tantalizing questions and subseas converts but whose husbands quent satisfactory answers. She

had not joined, and those raised in who had felt no direction had the Church who at one time had gained new confidence as a beloved decided not to hold out for the child of God.

temple as a standard of marriage. Her new life was a rich and

Which group was sadder? And how evernew experience, but the sisters

greatly both needed the support of used to shake their heads and say, the priesthood in their lives! "Oh Janey, how we wish some good

"Not me,"Janey had vowed deLatter-day Saint man would come fiantlv. Now she asked, "Now along."And Janey would inwardly

me?"with awe at the magnitude of nod her head and agree. Marriage,

this situation, which would affect always a part of her dreams, benot only herself but all of her came a stronger part of her desired posterity. destiny.

Three years had passed since Once, in an infrequent mood of she had left home and family for self pity and "dearme, lifeis-pass business school and a job in the ingme-by,"Janey had agreed to city. Two and a half years had go to a dance at the church of her

passed since the day two Mormon best friend. Ruth Anne was in a

M&W: 0'

is *)*

lr'v ': 'Fiction

By Catherine Kay Edwards Illustrated by Ralph Reynolds WT

situation similar to Janey's, that of temple marriage, had accepted a the only young single girl in her date with a nonMormon and a church, and a fast bond had degood member of his own church.

veloped between them. True, she had occasionally dated

Certainly meeting someone speother nonLDS boys; this was not

cial was the last thing in Janey's frowned upon too much in Oklamind that night as she dressed in homa, where there was such a her favorite pale pink chiffon. She dearth of young men her age,

was already reconciled to the fact but.... Face it, this one was difthat it would be like many other ferent. Very different.

church dances in the past, with the Surely, she thought, surely it older men dancing with her out of can't be too wrong. He's such a

duty and the teenage boys dancing wonderful person. He doesn't

with her because they weren't smoke or drink, isn't boisterous, courageous enough to ask girls their doesn't seem vulgar. He knows how

own age. So should she have been to laugh and have a good time; he

thrilled when someone gently is mannerly and considerate, a tapped her on the shoulder and little shy but still excellent comasked for the next dance? Not until pany. In short, he is a perfect

she turned around and looked into young Mormon except for one

Ed Wilkerson's clear blue eyes. thing: he just isn't a Mormon.

It wasn't love at first sight, but Back and forth those arguments long. over all night and Over went was, first impression He looks ixt 7 her their enumerto and she relived fun I've always wanted like someone

know. And Ed? His first impresated his good points, but each time

/ sion of Janey had been, simply, she came back to the fact that he

I'd like to meet her; I'd (ike to know wasn't of her faith. Finally, before

her better. she fell asleep, she came to a conThe evening was a haze of lights, clusion: she would date him but

music, and laughter, but little else that was all. She wouldn't get

could Janey remember until she serious; she would just be grateful

was in bed that night, smiling, still that she had found someone with trembling, and relishing the fact whom to enjoy clean Christian fun.

that they had a date for the next After all, she certainly was not

Friday night. going to marry anyone but a good

Then it hit. priesthood holder, and she had her

She, Janey McCombs, staunch emotions well in hand. A sneaky

Mormon, steadfast candidate for a thought ran through her mind as

Era, September 1970 59 she wondered if, just at that mo-. Sometimes their very closeness and discussions and have almost been

merit, Ed was saying to himself, oneness was too painful for either baptized but for some reason or "She's such a nice girl, but a of them to bear. other weren't. What it would mean

Mormon! Oh well, it's nothing One Sunday, as she was hurryto them to share our blessings, and

serious, just a date."ing from sacrament meeting, Bishop what growth they could experience!

How could she describe the next Pratt stopped her and asked her to The Church needs them, but even step into his office for a few minmore, they need the Church."

One piece was missing reallyutes. respectedShe agreedher readily,bishop, andfor sheshe "Sometimes"Oh, yes,"Janeyyou justagreedwantexcitedly.to hit

realized she could go no longer them over the head and shout, in their relationshipwithout priesthood guidance. Yet 'Don't you realize what this church

she had dreaded this moment, is? Don't you know this is the

which she knew must come, for a greatest thing that can happen to he was not a long time. your

"I'm glad, Janey, you could spare The bishop laughed at her outmember of the Church these moments,"he began after a burst. Janey joined in his laughter

few preliminary remarks. "I've and suddenly and gratefully disbeen wanting to talk to you lately. covered herself relaxing for the

but it seems I never could get you first time in weeks.

few weeks as she and Ed became in time after meetings. Something "Janey,"he said gravely, "I'm not

even closer? They liked and disis troubling you, isn't it?"going to tell you to drop your young

liked the same things, had many of Janey continued to sit tensely in man, but I am going to ask you to the same problems, had similar her chair, and stared down at her do something harder. I want you,

dreams and goals. They did a nervously moving fingers, but she in your own way and in your own

variety of things and discovered did manage to nod, "Yes."time, to open the beauties of the

anything could be fun with each "Please tell me about it, Janey. I gospel plan to him. You must be

other. There was nothing really want to help you, and I think you very strong in your faith and at all

alarming or earthshattering in their want me to help you."times be a living example of the

relationship; they fit together like Slowly she began to tell him gospel. Love him and teach him,

a beautiful jigsaw puzzle—with one about herself and a tall, blond but if you see that he's hardened

piece missing. young man who represented everyhis heart against the Church, then

Just one piece missing, but what's thing she wanted from life, and you must have the strength, through the use of the puzzle with one part about a situation for which she the Holy Ghost, to leave him and gone, and that piece such an imfound herself unprepared. The make a new life."

portant part: the key to revealing bishop listened carefully and occaJaney was overwhelmed at the

the full beauty? Janey realized it, sionally nodded or asked a question. enormity of her task. She had had

and Ed realized it. "Well, I see. This is a problem, various callings in the Church, but

This was also when the other but he certainly sounds like a fine none as aweinspiring as this, and troubles began for Janey. Someyoung man."none that had meant as much to

times she would throw herself into "That's just it, Bishop Pratt; he's her.

a frenzy of church activity and so fine. If he were loud or boring "I realize what I'm asking of you,

study, and sometimes she would in any way, I'd drop him like that, but you won't be alone. My prayers

have to force herself to go to meetbut he's not. The more I know him, will be with you and, if you wish,

ings. Sometimes she loved each the more I find to admire. He's—the prayers of my counselors, but

face she saw at church, and somehe's—oh, he's so 'Mormon'—and he your greatest help must come from

times she had only a curt reply for just doesn't realize it."the Holy Ghost. Draw great

any greeting. One day she would The bishop smiled at her and strength from prayer and from

vow never to see him again, and the said, "You've just hit upon one of fasting. Ask yourself every day,

next she would mourn that she the saddest problems of a bishop even every hour, 'What does temple couldn't live without him. When or a missionary or of just being a marriage mean to me? What does

she would decide to date others, Mormon. I've met many people the priesthood mean?'You have

she would take a long look at the who would make such wonderful lived without the priesthood in your prospects and cling closer to Ed. Mormons, some who have had the home. Do you always want to live

that way? What does the gospel how much she wanted her destiny things he could not accept, and

really mean in your life?"to be sealed to his. the situation was not looking good.

Janey McCombs left with his Several weeks later Janey was It was as if some type of crisis blessing and a humble prayer in sitting alone in her room trying to seemed at hand, as if something in her heart. Never before had she read a book, but her thoughts were him seemed to be making a last

felt so humbled and yet so eager with Ed. She closed her eyes in strong stand.

for the future. Never had she weary concentration, for things had She wondered if everything had

needed God so much. not been going well lately. There been in vain. Would all her

Nothing could describe the next had always been some doubts in prayers and efforts end here? What

few weeks—moments of pure echis mind, but in the last few diswould happen if he would not

stasy and moments of great torture. cussions there were important accept the Church? Would she

Gradually she began to tell Ed about some of the principles of the "The Spoken Word"from TemChurch and to explain what it The ple Square, presented over KSL meant to be a Mormon. Alone she and the Columbia Broadcasting

System June 21, 1970.O1970.spent much time in earnest study Spoken Word

and in asking herself, What does the Church mean to me? Whenever

things seemed too much, she would For the family is forever go to the bishop, who always knew By Richard L. Evans

the right words to comfort her. She "Lord, behold our family here assembled.

told some members of the ward We thank Thee for this place in which we dwell;

briefly about her problem and was for the love that united us;

deeply moved by their prayers and for the peace accorded us this day;

best wishes. All assured her that for the hope with which we expect the morrow."

someone that wonderful must These thoughtful lines from Robert Louis Stevenson turn our hearts surely see the truth in the gospel. to home, to fathers, mothers, family, remembering that we move in and

And there were the steppingout of many other things—but the family is the foundation of society.

stones. When the family is broken, the strongest bind is broken, and there is

There was the first time he went nothing left to take its place with such permanence, or safety, or assurto church with her and discovered ance. The strength and hope and peace and purpose of life are set

that he already knew and respected essentially within the walls we call our home, with children there to many of the members. Everyone live, to learn, then soon to leave to make their way in the world. But

showed him the hand of fellowship "they are not made of... plastic and plywood,"said one observer on

and left him with a strong impresthe subject. "You can't stack them up in a corner to await your own

sion of the enthusiastic joy of the good time to put together the parts '"There's a time beyond which

Latterday Saints. some things cannot so well be done. Our opportunities with children

There was the initial distrust are so perishable, so precious. And so we come to parents with a plea

from Ed's family as their son questo listen. Listen—so we'll know their needs. Listen. Keep the lines open.

tioned the family religion, but And never cease the patient waiting until all are accounted for. It may

Janey's warmth and Ed's honest be a long wait, but a wait that is worth it. And to you our children:

searching softened their opinion Remember that a father, a mother who cares enough to worry and to somewhat, for he had always been wait, who cares enough to counsel and to be concerned, is among the a good son and they had to trust greatest blessings God has given. Keep close. Communicate—fathers,

mothers, families: keep close, with respect and kindness and considerahim in this.

There were MIA parties, tennis tion, for truth and decency, law and order, peace and happiness are somehow set and summarized in family love and loyalty, and the thingsmatches with the elders, dinner that could break up a home are all too hazardous to tamper with. with Bishop Pratt and his family, Oh, "thou give,"wouldst said who Carlyle, "give quickly. In the grave stake the conferences, Sunday 2 thy loved ones can receive no kindness."Fathers, mothers, children:

class. It School investigator

hearts was a open this your day and for family the always—is forever. lovely time as Ed got to know the

Mormons and their way of life 'Cited in Pasadena School Revue, author unknown.

and a time when Janey realized 2Thomas Carlyle, Reminiscences: lames Carlyle.

Era, September 1970 61 love him anyway, marry him, and unusual tonight."Latterday Saint church is Christ's

hope in time that he would change, She wondered what to say, but own true church upon the earth.

his mind? Would he become discould only manage a weak "Oh!"All I want, Janey, is to be a good

gusted with her and the Church Help me to help him, she cried Mormon. I don't want to do this

and leave her forever? If so, how inwardly. halfway, but I want to devote my

would she rebuild her life? Would "I prayed tonight. No, don't life and dreams to being a good

this make her bitter toward the laugh. I'm quite sincere in this. church member, a good brother to

Church? Or would he accept the You see, I thought I had prayed my fellowman, and a good husband

whole beautiful truth and, together before, but I really hadn't, at least to you. I want to grow throughout

through the priesthood, they would not like this. Nor have I ever eternity with you. I need you,

compose an eternal unit of love? experienced what I experienced Janey, and I love you!"

Suddenly she heard a loud then. Peace, Janey. Good, true, She sat quite still. Already the

knocking at the door and Ed's full peace as I never dreamed postears were coming and falling voice calling to her. Quickly she sible. The elders kept asking me gently, unnoticed.

unlocked the door. to pray with a sincere heart, yet Dear Father in heaven, she heard

"I'm really sorry to bother you I didn't really, and my mind has her heart say, please help me never like this, Janey, but I've something been plagued with doubts and to forget this moment or the beauty on my mind and I need to talk to fears. But tonight I knelt down and of his soul. Forgive me for my

you. Now, please!"prayed more fully than I could doubts and grumblings. Make me

Without a word she walked out ever have believed possible."worthy of him. Forgive me also of

to him and shut the door after her. She sat completely motionless, my greatest weakness, which J now

For several blocks they walked feeling the power of this great new realize: my selfishness. Since I

briskly and wordlessly. Deep, faith, and she marveled that he have known him, I've thought

troubled thoughts passed through thought her worthy to share it. mostly of making him a Mormon to

her mind, and she longed to place "It was then that all my doubts take me to the temple. Forgive me

her hand in his, yet feared to do so. were taken away and I saw everyfor thinking more of my needs than

Finally he stopped at the old thing so crystalclear, so beautiful. of the greater needs of another.

twisted tree in the city park, one Then all my reasons for doubting She looked at the face that was of their favorite places, and she sat the Church were gone. They so dear to her and lightly caressed

down on a low limb. It was one of weren't that important, even that it with her fingertips. A smile of

those rare moonlit nights, serene people might think I joined just joy lighted her face and matched and gentle. because of you. I know that Joseph itself in his. The risk of love, she

"Janey, I—I did something very Smith was a prophet, that the thought, and the surety of truth. O

Thy word is like a date tree in the wilderness

That brings hope when seen from afar,

And a deep ivell in the desert

That refreshes at the end of a journey;

The sands that have burned my feet

Canticle One And the stones that have cut my shoes

Are left behind and forgotten for thy sake,

By John S. Harris For thou nourisheth and cleanseth and reviveth;

I shall go to the well to draw water

And to the tree for the fruit thereof;

The water I will carry in earthen jars

To cool the lips of those that thirst,

And the dates I will put in manyfolded cloths

As sweetmeat for those that are hungered,

That thy word may go to those far off

Who wander without hope of rest,

That they may know this place of repose

And the wellspring of life from thee.

62 Era, September 1970; 1 W

FOOTBALL/ 1970 pm (H) NO. TEXAS STATE

[5 pm W. Michigan

pm *(H) TEXASEL PASO m San Diego State pm *Arizona pm (H) ARIZONA STATE

pm*(H) UTAH STATE (Homecoming) pm *(H) WYOMING

>m "Colorado State pm New Mexico pm Utah "Western Athletic Conference Game

BYU BASKETBALL/197071 Dec. 4/7:45 pm (H) STANFORD Jan. 16/7:45 pm (H) WYOMING

Dec. 5/7:45 pm (H) STANFORD Jan. 23/7:45 pm Utah State

Dec. 7/7:45 pm (H) NEW MEXICO STATE Jan. 28/7:45 pm Arizona State

Dec. 11/8:45 pm So. California Jan, 30/7:45 pm Arizona

Dec. 12/8:45 pm Oregon State Feb. 6/7:45 pm (H) UTAH

Dec. 14/8:45 pm Seattle Feb. 11/7:45 pm (H) TEXASEL PASO $m Dec. 16/7:45 pm (H) DENVER Feb. 13/1:45 pm (H) NEW MEXICO

Dec. 19/7:45 pm (H) UTAH STATE Feb. 19/7:45 pm Wyoming

Dec. 22/8:45 pm Santa Clara Feb. 20/7:45 pm Colorado State

Dec. 23/8:45 pm St. Mary's Feb. 26/7:45 pm (H) ARIZONA

Dec. 2630 Rainbow Classic Feb. 27/7:45 pm (H) ARIZONA STATE

(Villanova Illinois, NYU, St. Louis, Mar. 6/1:45 pm Utah

Michigan, Service League, Hawaii) 'Western Athletic Conference Games

Jan. 8/7:45 pm New Mexico Other dates: Mar. 13/NCAA First round

Jan. 9/7:45 pm TexasEl Paso Mar. 1820/Far West NCAA Playoff

Jan. 15/7:45 pm *(H) COLORADO STATE Mar. 2527/NCAA Finals

y* jJm

exclusively Home of BYU Sports on with PAUL JAMES Western America's favorite sportscaster providing the playby-play from where the Action is... DIAL 1160

home of radio

50,000 Watt CBS Clear Channel Voice for Western America/Broadcast House/Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

To Offer an Acceptable Sacrifice to the Lord

By Owen Cannon Bennion Illustrated by Bill Whitaker The other day I heard a young Adam said unto him: I know not,

speaker talking about sacrificing save the Lord commanded me.

for the Lord. She discussed the "And then the angel spake,

meaning of sacrifice and seemed saying: This thing is a similitude of

to dwell entirely on the aspect of the sacrifice of the Only Begotten sacrifice that calls for depriving of the Father, which is full of grace ourselves of something of a material and truth."(Moses 5:6-7.)

nature. This, of course, is an imThus began the ancient practice

portant part of the gospel; but as of offering the shedding of blood

I listened I wondered if church and burnt sacrifices. It persisted

members often think of, or are from Adam through the history of aware of, the spiritual sacrifice the Israelites to the coming of the

Jesus commanded us to offer him. Messiah. It was meant to portray

To understand what this was, we the great sacrifice that God would need to go back to the beginning. make of his Son because of his love

Following the expulsion of Adam for mankind.

from the Garden of Eden, God The story of Cain and Abel shows commanded him to offer the firstthe importance of making an aclings of his flocks for an offering ceptable offering. "And in the

A person has to processthat Cainof broughttime it ofcamethe tofruitpass,of have a small son the ground an offering unto the

Lord. to appreciate the "And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat anguish of the thereof. And the Lord had respect

moment for Abraham unto Abel and to his offerings:

Bennion, Cannon Owen YMMIA unto the Lord. "And after many in superintendent (Utah) the Orem

days an angel of the Lord appeared 22nd Ward, is an instructor in the

Brigham Young University Lamanite unto Adam, saying: Why dost thou education program.

offer sacrifices unto the Lord? And

"But unto Cain and to his offerto the only true God. (See 1 Kings According to Elder Bruce R.

ing he had not respect. And Cain 18:2139.) This account has a hidMcConkie: "A sacrament is a

was very wroth and his counteden meaning that is, in a sense, a spiritual covenant between God and nance fell. similitude of something yet to come man."He says, "In the highest

"And the Lord said unto Cain, to Israel that will be alluded to spiritual sense, the offering of an

Why art thou wroth? and why is later. oblation consists in giving full dethy countenance fallen? Down through the history of anvotion to the Lord, of offering him

"If thou doest well, shalt thou cient Israel we see the servants of a broken heart and a contrite not be accepted? and if thou doest God showing their devotion to the spirit."(Mormon Doctrine [Booknot well, sin liest at the door...."Lord by offering burnt sacrifices. craft, 1966], pp. 662, 54142.) In

(Gen. 4:3-7.) With the crucifixion of the Firstthe fiftyninth section of the DocBecause Cain was a tiller of the born and Only Begotten of the trine and Covenants, then, the

ground, he found it convenient to Father, the shedding of blood and Lord is giving us instructions as to offer what he had rather than what burnt offerings was fulfilled. As when and where we are to offer

the Lord had commanded. This the Nephites huddled in darkness this special sacrifice. Although our

account reveals the importance on the American continent folofferings are acceptable on all days,

God places on the offering of an lowing the death of Christ, they on the Lord's day we are especially acceptable sacrifice. Cain failed heard the voice of Alpha and commanded to go to sacrament

to see that God wanted a special Omega declaring the fulfillment of meeting and offer our sacrifice. We

type of sacrifice. He rationalized the law. They were instructed to come to renew our covenants

that what he had should be good cease their ancient practice of sac- ( offer our sacraments ) arid to offer enough. rificing the firstlings of the flocks. a sacrifice of a broken heart and a

The story of the trial of AbraThe Son of God had been offered contrite spirit (an oblation). If

ham gives to all Israel an example as a sacrifice for all mankind. we listen to the sacramental prayers

of unfaltering willingness to offer They were commanded instead to and add Our amen, we renew our an acceptable sacrifice. A person "offer for a sacrifice unto [him] a covenants With God. If we do this

has to have a small son to fully broken heart and a contrite spirit."with reverence and real intent, we

appreciate the anguish of the mo- (3 Ne. 9:20.) In the latter days prepare ourselves to offer a sacriment for Abraham when young the Lord has reiterated this comfice. Then during the latter part of

Isaac asked, "My Father,... Bemandment, saying: "Thou shalt the sacrament meeting, if the

hold the fire and the wood: but offer a sacrifice unto the Lord thy speaker and listener are endowed

where is the lamb for a burnt God in righteousness, even that of with the Holy Spirit, we are edioffering?"(Gen. 22:7.) He needs a broken heart and a contrite fied concerning the greatness and

to remember the abhorrence that spirit.... on this, the Lord's day, mercy of God, of the hope we have

Abraham had for human sacrifice, thou shalt offer thine oblations and in Christ, and of the need we all which was practiced in his day by thy sacraments unto the Most have to repent of our transgresidolatrous priests. And yet AbraHigh "(D&C59:8, 12.) sions. This blessed awareness can

ham had the calm faith and If we place the same importance bring a godly sorrow, a broken obedience to say to his small son, on this commandment given to the heartedness, a feeling of contrition, "God will provide himself a lamb Nephites, and to us, as the ancients for a burnt offering."(Gen. 22:8.) did to their burnt sacrifices, many... we graduate to the

How God must yearn for others to of us need to j.ive thought to

show this willingness; as King whether we offer an acceptable level of offering

Benjamin said, "... as a child... sacrifice to the Lord. Perhaps we, the greater spiritual

willing to submit to all things which like Cain, are offering a convenient the Lord seeth fit to inflict upon offering or one contrary to what sacrifice of a broken [us], even as a child doth submit God has commanded instead of to his father."(Mosiah 3:19.) studying to know how we can fulheart...

Turning now to the story of fill God's requirements. What does

Elijah, we see the power of God it mean to go to the house of prayer a meekness and lowliness of heart.

manifesting the validity of the sacon the Lord's day and offer oblaIf this feeling is truly godly rifice of blood as Elijah called fire tions and sacraments to the Most sorrow, our offering is surely acfrom heaven to consume an offering High? ceptable before the Lord. It is

Era, September 1970 65 different from anything -of worldly of mind. This is a different concept he may wonder how he can ever

value, such as money or the of sacrifice. It reaches into the offer the acceptable sacrifice. It

firstlings of our flocks. inner man. There can be no detakes a certain degree of courage

It would seem that the Lord has ceptive giving for others to see, and restraint to give tithes, fast brought his children a long way, because no one can perceive this offerings, and other material offergradually leading them from offergift or sacrifice except God or those ings to the Lord or to go without ing a tangible thing, such as a lamb blessed with his gift of discernment. desired luxuries, but this can be

or a bullock, to offering a thing as When one contemplates the diffidone more easily than giving one's intangible as an attitude or a state culty of making such an offering, heart in a condition that is sorrowLEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

service arpersonally Every L.D.S.

Melvin P. Randall supervised directed andManager, L.D.S. Department ranged, by Mgr.LowellSanJ.GabrielCampbellUnit

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

R. Reid Wallace E. Baxter Donald PIERCE BROTHERS Associate Associate MORTUARIES 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD 8383956 2849817

Live... on stage... in person!

WED SEPT 9 thru THURS SEPT 17 SALT PALACE PERFORMANCES Save $30.00

ing unto repentance and a spirit through the grace of Christ. The On

that is contrite unto true devotion. need for this process is a continuing

How can we keep this commandthing in our lives. As we continue Genealogy

ment? to repent of our sins and gain a

of remission them, there of the Lord's typical answer, The comes a Starter Set it is First, is condition of one. meekness and lowliness a simpleway,

necessary to read the scriptures to of heart. (See Moro. 8:2426.) In Schreyer's Inc. has a rare value

gain a background of knowledge this condition we are ready to offer for those ready to begin their about God. Such study draws us to our sacrifice to the Lord. We genealogical research. First, your

God and gives us the motivation perceive the mercy and love of choice of a fully reconditioned and desire to keep his commandGod. Our hearts are broken simullong carriage Royal or Remingments. taneously with sorrow and joyton office manual typewriter,

To illustrate, let me refer to my sorrow for our unworthy sins and that will have you turning out own childhood experience. I recall joy for our salvation bought by the neat, easy to read submission

forms. Secondly, a package conthat as I began to read the stories pain and suffering of our Lord. In

of the prophets of God, I was imthis condition our spirit is contrite, sisting of forms and instruction manuals that will have you on pressed by the great personal penitent without blemish.

in Hurry no time. your waystrength of such men as Abraham, With some, this experience may

LI1L offer only whileme good though,

Joseph, Moses, and Nephi. Reading be secret, a very personal coinLstostocks last!how they were able to talk with munion with God. Others may give

God and find favor with him expression to their experience as it seemed to open a window in my happens to them in fast and testisoul that had been closed by the mony meeting, with those listening veil of forgetfulness. My spirit sharing in their experience. But in

yearned to return to the association either case there is an analogy with it had once known with God. In the story of Elijah. Fire came down ROYAL with palm tubulator,

my early teens, as doubts began to from heaven to acknowledge a fully reconditioned come to my mind about the gospel, valid offering. Jesus promised the

I turned to the Book of Mormon Nephites, "And whoso cometh with a prayer to know if it was a unto me with a broken heart and true book of scripture. As I read a contrite spirit, him will I baptize

of the account of Nephi and his with fire and with the Holy Ghost."

brothers, I was deeply impressed. (3Ne. 9:20.) withREMINGTONfeatures foundSTANDARD,on $270

The Holy Spirit bore witness in a What strength we would have if machines marvelous way that the book I read we were to offer this sacrifice frewas divinely revealed. From that quently on the Lord's day and in y Genealogy

day my desire to serve God was his house of prayer as he has Materials Kitstrengthened. commanded!

Second, we must prepare ourIs it not reasonable to say that The "How Book for Genealogists'selves before offering a sacrifice in the history of Israel we have Records100 familySubmissiongroup sheetsManual of a broken heart and a contrite a prototype of what needs to hap100 pedigree charts spirit. Ancient Israel selected the pen in the lives of all of us? Israel 2 dozen Individual Entry

fat of their flocks, the lambs withhad the law to bring her to Christ. & Marriage Sheets

out blemish. It was unthinkable to Israel began with a material sacriWHILE STOCKS LAST,

sacrifice things unclean or imfice and will ultimately be brought EITHER TYPEWRITER proper. Likewise, we need to to offer a spiritual sacrifice. There AND MATERIALS KIT

present an offering without blemis surely a need for material sacriNormal ish. Although we cannot hope to fice in our lives, but unless we Retail 50be perfect, we can become truly graduate to the level of offering $114.50 $84

penitent. This must be real, not a the greater spiritual sacrifice of a Tail orders welcomed

sham or pretense. By faith, rebroken heart and a contrite spirit,

pentance, and baptism, we may we fail to achieve one of the real SCHREYER'S,receive the remission of our sins purposes of this life. O INC.

28 WEST 1ST SO. 3289726

Era, September 1970 67 TheChurch MovesOn

THAT WHICH WAS LOST"June 1970

Rich withdraws completely from his to family and the Church at the Salt Drama and music festivals were with a associated become drug- m YWMIA Camp Day taking "hippie"group. This Palace was among the preJune Conpresented this evening on the campus

same serious situation is now ference events. At the Master M Manof the University of Utah. Some 4,000fathers facing Church and many

Golden Gleaner banquet at the Salt youthful singers participated in the highly film is leaders. This

recommended to be shown to all Palace, Tatsui Sato, the first Japanese music festival, "Make a Joyful Sound."

ward and stake leaders. convert following World War II, and "Drama at its Best"—roadshows, a

Lillian Hamilton Ferguson, Salt Lake threeact play, and readers'theater

Temple ordinance worker, were given occupied three stages.

honorary Master M Man and Golden Mrs. LaVern W. Parmley, general

Gleaner awards. president of the Primary Association,

was named Woman of the Year by the m In perfect June weather, the 71st La Sertoma International.

annual conference of the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual ImproveThe First Presidency announced ment Associations began this morning the appointments of two additional with the traditional early morning remission presidents for newly created ception on Temple Square, followed missions. George M. Baker of Walnut

by general sessions of the conference Creek, California, will preside over the in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Programs Pennsylvania Mission. Louis W. Latileading to greater adult participation mer of Northridge, California, will

in the MIA were announced, as well as preside over the Ecuador Mission.

a girls'individualized goalsetting proThe day was filled with YMMIA and gram. A training course in sports YWMIA departmental sessions in many

officiating for women was also introplaces in Salt Lake City, with the music duced, as was a family camping and drama festivals again in the program. evening.

BVU EDUCATIONAL BYU SOUTHWESTERN

MEDIA SERVICES FILM CENTER Herald R. Clark Building c o Movie Center of the West

Brigham Young University 601 North 4lh Avenue

Provo Utah 84601 Tucson. Arizona 85705

(801)374 1211 Et. =2713 (602) 623 5853

DESERET BOOK COMPANY BYU CANADIAN

Film Department FILM CENTER44 East South Temple 2300 23rd Avenue South Success

Salt Lake City. Utah 84111 Lethbndge. Alberta

(801) 328 8191 Canada FILM CENTER (403)3281492 RICKSBYU BYU EASTERN By Jim Dinwoody Street225 First

Idaho Falls Idaho 83401 FILM CENTER (208) 523 4682 c o Association Films. Inc

Grand Avenue 600 BAY AREABYU N J. Ridgefield. 07657 is not powers,FILM CENTER res. Success (201) NYC 943 8200 Films. Inc. o Association

7369693 Avenue Cypress towers,c25358 Nor goldgilded

California 94544Hayward. BYU MIDWESTERN

FILM(415) 783 0100 CENTER servants, nor diamonds, nor furs. Nor

Inc Films. c Association oBYU ANGELES LOS

Street Burlington 512FILM CENTER

La Grange. 60525 Inc Films. Association o

352 3377Illinois (312) Street Olive Southc2221 is Success when you

California 90007 Angeles.Los

(213) 749 7165 Become one of the few, from Order your nearest To master yourself in whatever you do. library branch

For additional information write to: And, success is in giving,

UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG SERVICE And in Christlike becoming: MEDIA EDUCATIONAL

BOX 10, Success is not having, but being!

HERALD R. CLARK BUILDING

PROVO, UTAH 84601

June Conference was concluded The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir Yesterday there was the traditional famwith a meeting in the Salt Lake Taberpresented its traditional Sunday radio ily gathering in his honor in a Salt Lake nacle, under the direction of the First broadcast and a concert from Columbia, City park. Tomorrow there will be a

Presidency. South Carolina, as part of that state's banquet. KSLTV presented a halfhour

300th anniversary of its founding. tribute, A Man of Principle, this afternoon; it was also broadcast by KSL

July 1970 Announcement was made of the Radio this evening.

Promised Valley, musical drama deChurch Commissioner of Health SerMore than one hundred floats andU appointment of Dr. James 0. Mason as

picting the arrival of the Mormon piovices, a new post, and the consolidation five thousand youngsters participated neers in Salt Lake Valley, began its of all Church hospitals under a single in the annual children's parade cofourth season in the openair Temple board of trustees. sponsored by the Primary Association

View Theatre on North Main Street and the Salt Lake County Recreation facing the Salt Lake Temple. It will be This Sabbath was the 94th birthDepartment, as the Days of '47 celeperformed nightly except Sundays day of President Joseph Fielding Smith. bration in Salt Lake City got underway.

through July and August.

El The annual allChurch tennis tour- "The Spoken Word"from Temple nament began in Salt Lake City today "The Square, presented over KSL and and will run through July 11. SpokenWord thetem ColumbiaJune 7, 1970.Broadcasting1970. Sys-

A new general Church Boy Scout

Committee was announced, with PreYour face...

siding Bishop John H. Vandenberg as By Richard L. Evans

chairman; Bishop Robert L. Simpson

said face/'Shakespeare, has given "and you you one make Victorand Bishop L. Brown as viceit's isn't just features face another."and 1 "A Godyourselves skin—chairmen; SuperintenGeneral YMMIA

dent W. Jay Eldredge, Jr., Assistant a soul, a mind, a heart put into form."2 Beauty is not only a matSuperintendents George R. Hill and ter of measurement and dimension, but also a radiance that shines

from inside. Peace and happiness, trouble and sorrow are reflected in

George I. Cannon, and Primary Gen-

a face. Celia Cole. "Take off the us see wrote what "Make we are,"

eral President LaVern W. Parmley,

... veils of insincerity, veils souls hearts, faces, minds, our eyes, from

members; Folkman D. Brown, secretary;

selfishness,... ignorance, envy.... Let us be aware of the curious comand Charles E. Mitchener, Jr., assistant

bination that makes a face beautiful or [merely] pretty or austere secretary. The committee will function

the... hard look... the soft lovableness... or the face growing

under the direction of the First Presipuffy and losing its light... because [of] selfindulgence or the face

dency, the Council of the Twelve, and becoming tight and mean. Faces can be so hampered by their owners!

the Correlation Executive Committee.... And looking out through them... is you."1 A photographer trying

Three members of the Council of the to capture a character said, "It isn't just the form of your face. What

willTwelve Elder be advisers: is a picture of your inward personality—the need Richard we interest—the

L. Evans, Elder B. Hinckley, Gordon

is light a plain, that looks out."This flat photo difference between one

and Elder Thomas S. Monson. and a portrait that looks alive. Aside from form and feature, a face

The appointments of Larry W. Bascan be beautiful, warm, sincere, appealing, as it reflects goodness,

tian, James D. Maher, and Alva D. peace, character, kindness, and a quiet conscience—or by contrast a

Greene to the general board of the face may be used as a mask to conceal a troubled interior or an unYMMIA were announced. wholesome intent. Like the boy in Hawthorne's "Great Stone Face,"we

The appointments of Mary Smith tend to become as we live, to look as we live, to look like what we look

Bankhead, Fulvia Dixon, Carmen Merat, like what we seek or accept. We tend to become like our thoughts,

rill Dibble, Lanore Dorton Espenschied, our hearts, our inner ideals. The faces of children reflect this in their

Ann Fugal Bailey, Marjorie Castleton honest innocence. Oh, let us help them hold to it by keeping the

Kjar, Ruth Home Lundgren, and Dwan surroundings in which they live their lives physically and morally clean.

Louise Jacobsen Young to the general "God has given you one face, and you make yourselves another."

board of the Primary Association were 'William Hamlet, Shakespeare, Act 3, so 1 2 Celia C. Dimness,"the Cole, "Take Away Delineator, December 1932.announced.

Era, September 1970 69 WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES 7 * WRmercotypeFIRST 100 TRmercograph'W FIRST 100 $19 7'VR ENGRAVEDFIRST 100

Printed on finest plain or paneled Raised letters (thermography)—Genuine steel die engraved—

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

for Temples stationery your wedding styles to choose Buffs which Over 60 from including all the elegant vellums and finest parchments in silver and gray and beautiful pastels. Also Rebuffs

informals, enclosures, thank you notes, at home cards, napkins, photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

books, and many accessories.

SATISFACTION

WILL BE PROMPTLY Mental Health ORDERGUARANTEED WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDEDYOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY AND CHEERFULLY

AILTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES I appreciate the article "Our Religion and

Mental Health"[June]. It seemed to me

FREE Gifts with every order thatthe considerationthe article isoflackingmental inillnessone basedarea:

FREE CATALOG one'son geneticnervousor system.chemical Onedifficultiesparagraphof

and FREE quotedtant ( pagewithin8 ): the"Butarticlewhatis isveryhereimporgen-

Etiquette Wheel erally overlooked, it seems, is that (constructive recovery change, redempor (501 if airmail reattained, assuredly tion) is most not by quested) credited on helping a person reject and rise above your order. his sins, but by helping him accept them.

This is the paradox which we have not at all understood and which is the very crux of the problem."

I am 53 years old now and have suffered most of my life with serious mental first illness. hospitalized, time I was The State Zip

I fell of into in the hands 1951, a Mormon resident at the Nebraska Psychiatric

Institute. Thank heaven for this! So

many psychiatrists are not really interNow for every LDS estedillness inis religion.the mostThepainfulsufferingof allofdifficulmental

... ties, only and those who have beenBYUTravel Study BYU Presents understand. through it can

Brigham Young University Please print more of these articles for 202 HRCB Provo, Utah public understanding. Most Latterday

Saints whom I know have no concept of mental illness or mental health. WORLDW Naomi F. Humann

ir Omaha, Nebraska OF THE Unidentified The BIBLE I just received my July issue, and while Or... a three week travel adventure thumbing through it I stopped on pages

article the examined 34, and 35 and at "departnow"rates!

Yourself."Battle young The J 33,"The With Fly experts with Bible Lands sheepphotographed as a young man from BYU to the same ground herder looks like my younger brother,

trod by Jesus and his Disciples. Vaughan Dunsdon Pack, of Alpine, Utah.

Visit Rome, Egypt, Israel, Is it so?

E. Cottle Mrs. David Cyprus and Greece. City, Brigham Utah at NOWan amazingly

to There is no better time go. price low is so. It was credit to Also overlooked

the in the welcome Holy mat Land.. the photographer. Linschoten, Eldon little as As to visitors. is extended

On Improvements Hurry! Only two departures left $942complete

this year, October and December Some of your recent fiction has provoked a feeling of challenge, of writing done well and realistically, of people who have problems and yet who find the spiritual heart of the gospel. Best wishes in this

It continued work. is always pleasure a Armfi Cantfrbunj to read I Dr. Nibley, like the and Hugh COATS OF ARMS

CROWN rOUR FAMILYGENEALOGICAL "Research Review."A new & DIAMONDS HERALDICRESEARCH WITHSHIELD

GOLD FEATURING Christensen Robert ORFAMILVBEAUTIFULLY PARCHMENTOF Direct from Antwerp—BE NAME,PROUDLEAF HANDCRAFTEDFRAMEDATO GIFT HERITAGEOR DISPLAY GIVE ASYOUA for value More your money Taipei, GIFT.WILL J.Taiwan

Contact Wins, Brother GUARANTEED REASONABLY Str. AUTHENTIC ITY PRICED 200086, Antwerp Pelikaan,—Leo—Belgium. for dctillt: Writ* 1718 SOX

STANDARD CO. SALES CALIF.CHULA VISTA92012

The Seventies Hall

In reading the article on Nauvoo [July],

I read the report of the plans to rebuild the Seventies Hall. I have a receipt for

one share issued to my grandfather built. It hall the reads:when was 184a? t A NAUV is"Nauvoo, to certify 1845. This January r"/ is to entitledthat Alexander )<$*""* Wright one mat 9)'& ii & etttify (-

of of capitalshare stock the $5.00 the ''

*Seventies Hall. endorseTransferable "'-< by mi. tifttn*, "?0 $}?/ & on? sA%Aw* wmmment. D. Lee, Sec, Young, Joseph John

President."—*-

Walter E. Wright

Delta, Utah

The Glory of Hebrew

has triumtimes someoneHow many.- t $ a of scripture indicated passagephantly

to you as though it cleared the air or settled a point of controversy, only for you to find that you failed to understand certain key words? Brother Truman G.

of in GloryMadsen's "The Hebrew"the "The Spoken Word"from Temissue this sort helps us allJuly overcome of problem. Could we have more artiThe ple Square, presented over KSL

cles of this sort? and the Columbia Broadcasting Philip E. Luft SpokenWord System June 28, 1970. 1970. Missoula, Montana

Daughters of God When is youth? Who is youth?

In your department "Research & Review"By Richard L. Evans

I hope that you can someday review the subject of what are the blessings and much is said concerning the problems of youth; the education,

of of responsibilities daughter being a the attitudes, and actions; the rights and responsibilities; the privithis God. Usually, whenever is menSo tioned, only motherhood is recognized. leges and possibilities of youth—from all of which come these two

as missioninto go the world But women is youth? Who is youth? Youth is a time we movearies gospel, the to teach teach questions: When they and

in Primary, Sunday School, MIA, and through swiftly. It isn't a stopping place for any of us. If we are now

areRelief Society. These women single, young, whatever we expect of youth or demand for youth—it will soon divorced, ormarried, waiting widowed,

for a husband to return from military apply to others and not to us. Youth doesn't last very long—no more

as nurses, serve the Churchduty. They than any other age—and it should neither be an overprivileged nor an

clerks,teachers, typists, forth, so and depending upon their professional attainunderprivileged segment of society, because at some time it is all of training. that andments idea The women are: us, you ages as other are young, however young you are. And who

in their as onlycan serve homes God will ask "older."follow are before it won't And those be long you who to to needsmothers face be broadened

reality. you what you have done with your life, as you ask this now of others.

Rhoda Thurston Park, Hyde Utah Remember, time is crowding you, right now—pushing you through your

teens to your twenties, and then your thirties and forties, and so on,

The Hair of John sooner than you suppose. The days slip by quite suddenly, as some of

I was pleased to see in the June issue us can testify. And almost before you know it, you will be "those who

Baptist, of thethe painting and John I are older."And how will you look and feel, as you reach the other end fact that pleased the withwas John

the Baptist is not depicted with long—quite suddenly, quite soon? Youth isn't the permanent property of

hair are told "hippieflowing style."We anyone. It is a corridor we pass through, without lingering very long.in First Corinthians 11:1416: not "Doth

even nature itself teach you, that, if a There is no stopping place for any of us. And all of us, young or old,

hair, long haveman is not in a society him? But if a womanit ishavea shamelong hair,unto should respect each other, at all ages, for our strength

it is a glory to her: for her hair is given of segments, but in making the most of the whole length of life. Who

her for a covering. But if any man seem is youth? When is youth? Well, it's forever—but not for any of us alto be contentious, no such we have ways. It isn't a clique or club in which we can claim perpetual place.custom, neither the churches of God."

It is true the that exact don't know we It's a time of life we all go through—which for each one doesn't last

if styles apostles, the ofhair such andcounsel as this was given by Paul, we very long—a time for learning, for clean living, for responsible action

have as much reason to think they wore and a record of honor, with selfrespect, respect for all others, respect their to think that hair cut have as we

I it long. for for law, respect for life, with appreciation for the past, for the present, thatthey wore am glad

once we have forgotten the long flowing and with preparation and faith for the future. Oh, beloved young

stylehair style as the only of the past. friends: Remember, life is forever—but youth doesn't last very long. B. J. Coombs

Lethbridge, Canada Live to make memories that will bless the whole length of your life.

Era, September 1970 71 T"*".>

and achievement. There is something powerful about simple, yet

strategic little principles and Tremendous tasks—one piled on top of another

so faithfully that we can end up on the moon. We were reminded of Trifles this when the Apollo 13 mission

By Dr. Harold Glen Clark nearly ended in tragedy after an

Like most of you, I clearly reexplosion, caused by a small memember following the flight ofchanical trifle, became trementhree young men half a million dous in influence and forced the miles through space to and from cancellation of the third moon the moon. We saw two of them landing. Greatness is too often

walk on the surface of the moon equated with hugeness. Nations

and all three return to the earth that have the most missiles are to tell their story. believed by some to be the great-

I came away from that experiest. Many people rely on volume

ence proud that we had learned or impressive size for safety, seso much. In attitude, I was worcurity, and happiness. Thus

shipful of Apollo 11 and all that blinded and confused as to what our brains and fingers had crereal security and happiness is, we ated. But the lesson I appreciate sometimes bypass the little steps,

most is the place of the little the very ones that may take one things that made possible such a to greatness.

successful flight. I was reminded Stories in the scriptures reveal

of it when President Nixon shook how the human error of underhands with various crew members rating the little things is repeated on the battleship Hornet, for they many times. Naaman, mighty

were part of the thousands who captain of the hosts of the king of performed the little supporting Assyria and a man of great valor, tasks. I was pleased when the was stricken with leprosy. Learnnews media went back in history ing of the prophet Elisha, he sped

to give credit to those who worked to his house in his chariot.

if he with the elementary ideas about Naaman was told that rocket propulsion and who had would wash in the Jordan seven died without fulfillment. I was times, he would be clean. He

glad that in that moment of reacted much as we might have triumph, someone thought of ofreacted 50 years ago had someone fering publicly a prayer of thanks told us that by following the simple to God for our blessings. rules of mathematics, rocket proAll of these little things I pulsion, and a dozen other little

call tremendous trifles trifles laws, we could go to the moon because they seem small comand back. Insulted, he turned

pared to the actual feat of landing back to Syria, all the time mutteron the moon; tremendous because ing his concept of what a prophet

the small tasks, faithfully pershould do. "I thought,"he said,

formed, are the seeds of greatness "He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the Lord his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover

Dr. Harold Glen Clark, patriarch to

the BYU 10th Stake, is dean of the the leper.

Division of Continuing Education at "Are not Abana and Pharpar,

Brigham Young University.

rivers of Samascus, better than all the waters of Israel? May I not

REMEMBER

wash in them, and be clean?..."two changes of garments.

But servants who were listening When Elisha heard of this, he spoke to him great truth. "My reprimanded Gehazi, saying that it 0ie/JsoMusic Co. father,"they said, "if the prophet was not the time nor the occasion

had bid thee do some great thing, to receive money and garments 327 Broadway wouldest thou not have done it? and that the leprosy of Naaman Idaho Falls, Idaho

how much rather then, when he would come upon him. And then

FOR EVERYTHING MUSICAL saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?"this story of tremendous trifles

Then Naaman went down "and concludes with this terse line: CHORAL sassa-ssaasab-satbttbb

dipped himself seven times in "And he [the servant] went out

VOCAL SOLOS secular and sacred

Jordan, according to the saying of from his presence a leper as white the man of God: and his flesh as snow."(See 2 Kings 5:1527.) PIANO SOLOS

came again like unto the flesh of a Thus was enunciated the truth PIANO METHODS little child, and he was clean."that little things are the way to PIANO COLLECTIONS

(See 2 Kings 5:1-14.) great happiness. SACRED PIANO COLLECTIONS

The Lord's way is often the way When we note "small"things, ORGAN METHODS of tremendous trifles: a trifle bewe are not identifying the little ORGAN COLLECTIONS

cause it seems so simple and so things that clutter up and becloud small; tremendous because the the important. This was made POPULAR VOCAL FOLIOS

end is a great triumph. The clear by Jesus when he was a POPULAR SHEET MUSIC

process of getting into heaven is guest in the house of Mary and filled with little deeds, for in great Martha. Jesus said to Martha: Write for new lists

matters, men often show them- "... thou art careful and troubled Orders filled immediately

selves as they wish to be seen, but about many things, but one thing - ZIP 83401in small matters they show themis needful: and Mary hath chosen P. 0. BOX 2009

selves as they really are. that good part, which shall not be

In little, unpretentious experitaken away from her."(Luke

ences, the set of the soul comes 10:4142.) In these words, Jesus

to the forefront. "... thou hast made the point that many little

been faithful over a few things, I things are important, such as the will make you ruler over many serving of food, but to be enthings,"Jesus said. (Matt. 25:21.) cumbered by them is not desirable.

Again, "Inasmuch as ye have done To stop and listen for a few moit unto one of the least of these ments while the Son of God is my brethren, ye have done it unto speaking as your guest is the me."(Matt. 25:40.) With these better part of wisdom.

words Jesus laid down the princiOne who disdains tremendous ple and revealed the power of untrifles may not participate in pretentious acts performed well prayer, family home evening, and on our own street, in our own attending church, saying that they work-a-day world, in our own little are such little things. He may

corner of life. pick up loose language and even Wheatnutrientsis torlostman.throughRetainotherthe valuablemilling

But the story of Naaman is not excuse himself in violating the methods. Use the wheat you now have

finished. Being healed, Naaman commandments. The spirit of storedbetter tasting,and savemoremoneynutritiouswhile food.enjoying

offered gifts but Elisha declined. little things is the spirit of the

A servant of Elisha's named Gehazi strong, because one faces things Buy an overheard the conversation, and as they are as a basis of moving All Grain Stone Grinding the information became a tretoward where they can and should

Flour Millmendous trifle to him, to his be. I feel ten feet tall when my

detriment. He ran and caught up own son or daughter says, "It's a Today

with Naaman and said that Elisha great family we belong to, dad. Immediate Delivery

had asked him to say there were I'm glad I'm a member."Why do Alsouse oravailable:storage. High protein wheat for

two sons of the prophets who I feel taller? Because this little For full information, write:

could use a talent of silver and comment from a child is likely to ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL

Dept. E P.O. Box 115

Tremonton, Utah 84337 Era, September 1970 73 Openings available for full or parttime sales representatives.

be sincere. Our children, of all

people, know our weaknesses; and

because they know our deficiencies but accept us for good despite them, strength is added to our sinews. There is something strong,

good, and eternal in this kind of smallscale achievement on the part of both parent and child.

In the family, God ordained many little things for us to do.

These are at the very core of family living. Performing the little

tasks well and loving to do them will bring us our inheritance, the greatest blessings both here and in the world to come. These bless-

—triflesings come becausefrom tremendousthey are trifleslittle,

daily experiences, and tremendous because they have the potential

Today's housewife to take us and our children to the and mother is a true professional. celestial kingdom, if we magnify

them.

Just as in any occupation, it takes study and skill to I have asked my married chilrun a successful home. Valuable homemaking courses dren what things they remember

are available to you in the convenience of your own most about their home life. They

home from BYU Home Study. Learn added skills and never mention those moments

knowhow in the efficient management of your home. when I lectured or gave them

Write today for more information. profound advice, but they do re-

A few of the more than 300 courses available: call the day their mother left her

important sewing and, with the

Essentials Interior 115X240X Home Environment I of Nutrition wind blowing in her hair, helped credit hours)(3 credit (2 hours)

The principles of design and Basic concepts of human nutrition them to fly a kite. They rememcolor applied to the interior and and their application in achieveber how we all laughed when the

furnishings of the home. ment and maintenance of string broke, as the kite went up

Fee: $49.50 optimum health. Fee: $33.00 into the sky.

Finance Living Family35IX 50X Home What do we want most in our credit(2 hours) school credit) unit (1 high

Types and adequacy of income Building a happy home life with homes? Doesn't it always center

and its apportionment in terms of lessons in wise buying, child around tremendous trifles? It is

family needs and interests. development andhome furnishings. while engaged in little things that

Fee: $33.00 Fee: $30.00 we give of our true selves. Trifles

/BYU these moments may be, but with 'HOME STUDY such trifles we mold and createBYU -HOME STUDY soul and character. o

210 HRCB, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601

Please send me enrollment information for the following homemaking courses: A Short Prayer

By Dennis Drake D Send a complete BYU Home Study Catalogue

Name Father, help me to be Address All that I would expect of mc

City If I were thee.

State Zip

74 Era, September 1970 Some organs should never be played on Sundays.

Many electronic organs that for each. Every stop is voiced and

find their way into churches scaled individually to satisfy are really of theatre organ de- a specific need. Its unique

sign—"unified"or "borrowed"versatility, its rich and inspir-

—not in keeping with true ing tone makes the Baldwin

"straight"organ principles of "Straight"Church Organ a church organ design. perfect lifetime accompa-

"Unification"or "borrowing"is nist for spiritual services.

what the great organist Albert Schweitzer If your church is considering a new organ, once called "a deviation from true art"recall in your Baldwin dealer for some "straight"sulting in "the falsification of the entire organ."organ talk. He'll make certain the organ you choose

What's the alternative? is correct for the church of your choice, or write for

A Baldwin "Straight"Church Organ. your copy of "Straight Talk on Church Organs"to

It comes the closest of all electronic organs to achievBaldwin Piano & Organ Company, P.O. Box 2525,

ing a complete and balanced Diapason Chorus and Dept. IEM09, Cincinnati, Ohio 45201.

Reed Chorus with appropriate pedal balance, which is the foundation of a true church organ.

The Baldwin "Straight"Church Organ has inde- B.ALD'WIJNrpendently voiced stops with separate circuits The Sound Investment

Todays Family FAMILY DECISIO MAKING By Dr. Melvin J. Stanford

Part II. Analysis for Larger Decisions

In family living many little defor the larger decisions each alterArnold accepted a technical job on cisions have to be made from day native needs to be evaluated in the west coast. After living in a

to day about routine family activiterms of its advantages and dissuburb of a large city for several ties. Last month we saw how the advantages with respect to the years, they began to adjust to the

guidelines of goals and alternatives family objectives. Then those altersurroundings and ways of life that

can be used to identify a range of natives can be compared in some were different in some respects mutually acceptable alternative systematic way to see which one from where they had grown up.

choices that will help make it posoffers the best course of action at Kathleen learned to like many sible for daily routine decisions to that time. things about the area, despite occabe made to the satisfaction of all Three simple ways by which sional pangs of homesickness.

family members. alternatives can be evaluated and Arnold became deeply involved in

At times every family also faces compared are (1) the way an his work, although he did not seem larger decisions that require more alternative meets each objective as entirely satisfied with it.

careful study, because after such favorable ( + ), neutral (0), or unOne day Arnold got an undecisions are made they are not favorable (—); (2) assigning numexpected telephone call from an old

easily changed, and they have a bers to each goalrelated factor of friend in the East, offering him a deeper, longer effect on the family's an alternative (the better the adposition there. After a long confuture. The guidelines of goals and vantage, the higher the number); versation, Arnold was visibly exalternatives can also be helpful in and (3) ranking each goalrelated cited as he hung up the telephone.

making these larger decisions. factor in terms of which alternatives "Kathy, that was Norm Williams,

Family goals should be carefully give the best advantage for that and he wants me to come to work thought out, and as many feasible factor. in his company near Boston."

alternatives as possible should be These simple techniques can be "Oh, that would be wonderful!"

identified, whether decisions are illustrated by a decision recently Kathleen beamed. "We could be

large or small. But instead of agreemade by Arnold and Kathleen near our parents and so many old

ing on a range of acceptable alterHenderson, The Hendersons had friends."

natives for future reference, as in grown up in the East, but after "Yes,"said Arnold, "and he said the case of daily routine decisions, being graduated from college, that the salary would be about ten

percent more than I am getting "Who would want to live in the now, and the work would be about Midwest? If we move at all, why

the same."not to Massachusetts?"There was a

Kathleen said, "You surely are moment's silence before she added, worth the increased salary... "You have wanted to try technical

but,"she thoughtfully added, "do selling, haven't you?"

you want to stay in the same kind "Yes, I have,"said Arnold, "and of work? Sometimes you don't I feel that maybe a job like that

seem too happy with what you have could be a better job for me now, been doing here."although I can't exactly explain why

"That's true,"replied Arnold, I feel that way. It seems awfully

"but I think I would like it there, important to me to be doing someeven though it is a smaller comthing in which I can make the best pany."professional contribution to my

After considerable discussion, the work, and some sales experience

Hendersons agreed to think and wouldn't hurt me for future fast and pray about the matter for progress in my field, even if I several days. didn't stay in it. But how do we

At breakfast on Saturday, Arnold weigh all these factors and compare said, "As much as I am inclined to them? Isn't there some way we

accept Norm's offer, I just keep can organize our thoughts and thinking that if we are going to feelings?"

move at all, we should at least have "We ought to try,"Kathleen alternatives to consider."some start agreed. a "Could with we but your group sense,""That replied makes things list of the are imwe think

Kathleen. "Do you know of any portant in deciding a question like can make a

alternatives besides staying here or this, and then see how each item going east?"on the list relates to the different lot ofmoney

"Yes, I learned of one at the jobs you are considering?"

office yesterday. A company in "Good idea,"said Arnold, "and selling it!

the Midwest wants someone with maybe I can figure out a way to Superb quality makes Benson's Sliced my technical background for their put some numbers on them for Old Home Fruit Cake the fundraising year, best seller. than Last 8,000 moresales organization. I found out comparison."

like raised from yours groups $66 about it from one of their factory After a lot of pencil and paper $5,000 through Benson's plan, whichto representatives who came to see work, which lasted nearly all includes delicious free sample slices that selling the for you. each 3-pound Onus on an engineering problem."morning, Arnold and Kathleen had do

$ 1.07 cake, your makes group

Kathleen gave him a mock frown. a chart that looked like this: profit! Bonus program increasesclearprofits

even more. See and taste for yourself.

Stay in Return coupon today for brochure and a

Factor Present Job East Coast Midwest generous sample fruit cake—free!

No obligation.

A B C A B C ABC FREE SAMPLE SLICES

YOU! THE SELLING FOR DO ofKind Work 1 2 3 2 + 53

PERFOSMANCf j 10o (. '**, rf*Company 1 4 3 4 to Work With + + + 42 Housekeeping

GUARANTEES slidFuture Opportunity—1 2 1 2 jf demon's + %Good 53 ** **fl REFUND W M

Salary 3 1 + 5 3 4 2 oQ home'Jruit Cake

Location 2 2 + 5 3 - 1 1 Benson's Old Home Fruit Cake

Street N. 245 Thomas

P.O. BoxPeople to Work With + 4 1 + 4 3 + 42 1432 #P-2

GeorgiaFlexibility for Future Athens,

Please rush program brochure and generous sample fruit cake. Free! No obligation. Decisions 2 2 2 1 + 53

Totals + 2 19 10 + 4 24 16 + 5 28 16 ADDRESSNAME 05 02 01 CITY.STATE

-1 -1 ZIP CODE PHONE ORGANIZATION NO. MEMBERS.

POSITION IN ORGANIZATION (We can honor only U.S. inquiries that list

organization names, since we sell only through

Era, September 1970 77 civic, church, community and school groups.)

NOW IN UTAH!

On the left hand side are listed Each column is totaled, and for seven factors that the Hendersons Column A the most pluses and both felt were important to them fewest minuses is most favorable, with respect to Arnold's employwhile for columns B and C the ment; that is, their most important highest number indicates the most

employment goals were for Arnold favorable alternative.

What did the Hendersons do with this chart once they had preIt is important pared it? Did the chart make the

decision for them? No, it did not.

it did help in two useful ways. that we attempt to But

First, it required them to list the goals they thought most importantPROFESSIONAL organize our about a job and to organize and evaluate those goals. In this way

thinking—and no important point was overlooked.

Second, the chart favored the Midwest position, although east coast this technique was very close. This result challenged their initial preference for

is very helpful moving to the east coast and reinforced Arnold's feeling (which

Kathleen realized she shared) that to be doing work he liked and was his sense of accomplishment in his good at, in a sound and progressive work was perhaps even more imcompany, with good future opporportant.

tunity and a good salary. They in- A few days later Kathleen and

cluded in these goals a desire for Arnold decided to take the job in flexibility to make future decisions the Midwest (an alternative thatBASKETBALL for change should the present had not even been recognized when choice later prove to be disapthe eastern offer first came ). Their

pointing. decision was based mainly on

Across the top are listed the three prayer and the way they felt about alternatives, under each of which it. But the chart they prepared

are three columns. Column A has helped them to organize their

a plus if the factor is an advantage thinking. They did the best they

under that alternative, a minus if could and then trusted in the Lord.

a disadvantage, and zero if neither. It is not important that everyone

Column B has a number for the use a chart, such as the Hendersons relative advantage of the alternadid, to help make a big decision.

tive, from 1 to 5, with the higher But it is important that we do not number representing the better the expect the Lord to make our deadvantage for that factor. In cisions for us, especially if we make

Bigtime, majorleague professional Column C, each factor is related as no attempt to organize our own sport, American Basketball Associato which alternative is the best thinking. And, by whatever means

style, will in tion be launched the choice for that single factor; for employed, the guidelines of goals

Salt Palace with Arena Utah the new

Stars playing 40 home games, startexample, for the kind of work, they and alternatives will help us to oring on October thru running 14 and thought that Midwest was best ganize our thinking. Thus, if we do

Call the of March. today month and

reserve your tickets for ali the excit- (3), east coast was next (2), and our part the Lord will do his, and ing, explosive action! present job last (1). Arnold and we can make the important deciPHONE 3552891 Kathleen discussed each of these sions with confidence that the reuntil they agreed on the numbers sult will turn out to be a wise

to assign. choice. O

Women in UtahIdaho buy more Kerr jars, caps and lids than any other brand!

Yes... over 807 of jars, caps and lids bought in this

area carry the trusted Kerr name.

There is good reason for Kerr's leadership in home canning. It's a preference that's based KERR JARS 86.4%*

aon performance! aaaasaasJ&* JG>*\ J{i)*,$*W jCx>- JjQf; J&*, J&* JlL

Only Kerr gives you the sealing secret for successful canning. Because only Kerr lids OTHER BRAND 13.6%*

have the exclusive, thick gray sealing cushion that makes possible a perfect seal every time.

Only Kerr Caps and Lids seal inside, outside II and topside for assured protection of color, aroma and flavor of the foods you can. KERR CAPS & LIDS 83.4%*

So, why take a chance? When you put your

time and effort into canning, put your confiOTHER CAPS & LIDS 16.6%*dence in Kerr Jars, Caps and Lids... the

only brand that gives you complete satisfaction.

*Source: World's Largest MarketingResearch Organization

1969 Survey

10 SHORT LESSONS IN CANNING & FREEZING FREE

Complete instructions and stepby-step illustrations for easy, successful canning. Send card or letter

with your name and address to:

BOOKLET, KERR GLASS MFG. CORP.

Box 97fieW SAND SPRINGS, OKLAHOMA 74063

Research & Review

Of Running

as Fast as You Can and Staying in the Same Place By Dr. Elliott Landau

Improvement Era Contributing Editor

When, in 1877, the First Presidency Even among Church membership the through twelfth grade students attendadmonished parents to take time out growing fear of family disunity, of ing a seminary in a rural to semieach day to gather their families toyouth breaking with the faith has perurban Utah environment. While it

gether for "association and instruction"vaded the consciousness of many. The would be difficult to generalize from

and then again in April of 1915 when purpose of this article is to examine the data of this small a sample, it they introduced the "new"home one bit of research data relevant to the seems reasonable to assume that these evening program, and still later, in crucial matter of discerning the present students and their families represent

January 1965, the family home evening, status of the family home evening as an orthodox church membership that the Church reinforced its unique belief it relates to those of us who, raising could as well have been found in 250 in the family as an eternal entity. families and contemplating the pace randomly selected seminary students

The twentieth century has witnessed and magnitude of worldwide familial in an urban environment. The results

what appears to be a steadily eroding disorganization, desire to establish of Crane's study are somewhat startling quality of family life, and the Church stronger interfamily ties. in certain respects and encouraging in

has, in its own unique way, called A recent master's thesis by Arthur others.

upon its membership to strengthen Don Crane surveyed 250 ninth Of particular interest to readers is prior relationships.family A few years

to his death, President David O. and"ArthurOther DonVariablesCrane,WithinCommunicationthe LDS PatternsFamily thethat attractionpart of theof studyfamilywhichhomecorrelatedevening

the Influence Development of the success other of family the Famto degree communication "NoMcKay said, can Whichily Thesis, Master's Program, Evening Home for failure family. in in in evidence thecompensate State University, the home."Utah 1969. A threepart

DEALERS

questionnaire tried to determine the sponse"answers could be construed as student's opinion of patterns of comnegative reactions.

statistics, each these in in his family that exist Based uponmunication WANTEDSectarian Non Denominational of Non suggestion follow the quessuch shouldrelation to himself. parent Thus,

tions were asked as: (a) I confide my the family home evening committee

problems to my parents—Always, and have each family do their own

Usually, Seldom, Occasionally, Never, home evening analysis and adjust their (b) Do your parents willingly change program to the needs of the family.

their minds if you present a logical Getting together for such an evening idea to something they disagree with? is a commandment from the First

Always, Usually, Seldom, Occasionally, Presidency and a vital ingredient in

Never. The second set of questions was family solidarity in these latter days,

designed to discover those with whom where all around the Saints there is the student did confide. A third set evidence of progressive family decay.

of questions attempted to discover how But above all, the association of the Journey to the student felt his family worked out family in a joyful way should be our its problems, and thus questions such first consideration. To feel obliged to Bethany

as these were asked: (a) Do you feel teach a religious "lesson"need not Ideal For Family Home Evening and

that members of your family are force families into formal instruction Ward Libraries.

of delight peril of losing the in attreated decision equally the making? SELL EASY TO togetherness. atmosphere parents or In this family (b)Yes your go to No. Do engulfing and is so to Bethany Journey of gospelball teaching the or conviviality, of plays games, meetings when emobecome that people magnificent,you have a part on the program?—Yes principles will more easily become part tionally involved. You can write orders

or No. and parcel of the evening. Brother within three minutes.

points those study clear Crane's rather weaknesses up that the Despite

START TO EASY of parts of programs family sets evening latterof home the two questions—for from start earning to you how show We social it is liked (b) difficult that see were most to and wereexample, how

your results multiply first and day the to family conducive thus were to relates more the headingabove, of "How thereafter. each day interaction. its out problems"the family works

Crane was able to develop a rather If your family is among the 20 PLUS... these advantages

rickety communication scale, yet one percent who, it was discovered, started National Financing that for all of its weaknesses still and then dropped the family home Pays air fare and accommodations to proves to have some diagnostic value. evening program, you need to resolve home office

The clearest finding seems to be that to obey the commandments by exExpense Paid Home Office Training

Program Merchandising Proven family patterns yourin the families where of comhome evening amining

Supervision Continuous yourrededicating highest, rated the weremunication then practices and High Profits family home evening was held most self to reconstructing that evening's Immediate Earnings frequently. While it might be pleasant activity. Whenever I personally (and Non Competitive Product

and uplifting to postulate a cause and what convert hasn't) have questions MINIMUM INVESTMENT effect relationship, i.e., that family with aspects of the gospel, I remind myFROM $3,000.00

home evening causes better family self of two things: first, that "the Lord (No Hidden Fee—MDSE. Only)

communication, one cannot from these giveth no commandments unto the PLUS... Membership in National Disdata make that assumption. However, children of men, save he shall prepare count Buying Service

in the absence of contrary findings I a way for them that they may accombelieve one can infer that home plish the thing which he commandeth WANT MORE INFORMATION?

evening activity very likely promotes them"(1 Ne. 3:7), and second, that Write to—

better family communication by the there isn't anything the Church asks JOURNEY TO BETHANY very nature of the activity. It is one us to do that we'd be better off not 2427 Blaine Avenue

of the surest ways toward building this doing. Further, it has been our conSalt Lake City, Utah 84108

family unity which has all of us tinual family experience that the very running as fast as we can to just stay problems that have confronted and in the same place. confounded us have appeared in a

Crane's study, interestingly enough, family home evening lesson.

has its largest percentages of responses The pace of modern life is dizzying.

in the "no response"category. Thus, Perhaps for the Saints it is even more HEARING AIDS

allin- tiny, on Huge savings for the students things to our usual he asked frenetic,when add we when ear, the behind family evening variety affairsliked about of the home normal proround models. and body Neweyeof theear,glass

tiny are so models age space did percent feelgrams, answer 46 not assignments the church we have. To

closyour well concealed and refresh18 likedquestion, percent the fast as as parents are running even friends that we est may never

TRIAL. FREE HOME 18 percent the games,ments in the staying and liked as can and we as $10 payment. Low down same Nonotice.

getting together is guaranand visiting. for those unusual. place back The other not But monthly. Money

percentages are minimal and not rewho hold regular family home eveningtee.Write Ordertoday directfor freeand catalogsave. and confidential booklet.

corded in this article. Student dislikes programs, there is the great promise PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018.

about family home evening were: 15 that at least once each week we can

percent disliked the lessons, 11 percent catch our breath and thank the Lord disliked the time it took, 10 percent that we are in the same place, not be- $-$-$ - FUND RAISING - $-$-$ disliked interruption, the so percause and 58 fast, but were running we REQUIRED NO MONEY

Itcent did love respond at all. not because our family seems enough we to BIG PROFITS PAY FREIGHT - WE

reasonable to assume that no rebe there. O YOUR ONMONEY30 CASECANDYORDERSMAY- BEDOUBLERETURNED

CRESTLINE CANDIES P.O. Box 15369, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Era, September 1970 81 Phone 4873201

A sailboat against a North Haven setting

Small islands dot eastern coast of North Haven Baptist chapel where W. Woodruff preached By Donald Q. Cannon

"Send forth the elders of my.... "', church unto the nations which are

afar off; unto the islands of the sea;

send forth unto foreign lands; call

upon all nations, first upon the

Gentiles, and then upon the Jews."

(D&C 133:8.)

As he departed for his first mission to the Fox Islands, off the coast of Maine, Wilford Woodruff was aware that he was the first elder in this dispensation to preach

Rockland harbor in Penobscot Schoo/house where Elder Woodruff preached Bay the gospel on the islands of the Wilford Woodruff Schoo/house used by sea. Describing his arrival on

North Fox Island, he recorded this statement in his journal:

"This was the first time that I, or any other Elder of Church of

Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints

Illustrated by Merrill Gogan had (to my knowledge) attempted

82 *g!M Mr//i to preach the fulness of the gospel rocks, holes and caves of the earth Connecticut. While there they

and the Book of Mormon to the unto Zion... and we rejoiced that were joined by Phoebe Woodruff,

inhabitants of any island of the we were upon the islands of the who then accompanied the two sea. 3 sea searching out the blood of elders as far as the home of her

Later, as he and his companion Israel."3 father, Ezra Carter, in Scarborough,

performed the first baptisms on the The importance of this mission Maine. 5

Fox Islands, he wrote in his jouris reflected in the strong desire After a tenday visit, Elder nal that these were the first bapElder Woodruff had to leave his Woodruff bade his wife and her tisms performed in this dispensation home and undertake the mission. family farewell, and he and Elder

on an island of the sea by those Although newly married, he felt Hale continued on their journey possessing the proper authority. compelled to leave his wife in to the Fox Islands. After walking

One day he and his companion, Kirtland, Ohio, and to journey to ten miles to Portland, they took a

Elder Jonathan H. Hale, climbed to the Fox Islands, situated east of the steamer to Owl's Head, where they

the summit of a high granite cliff Maine coast, a region with which boarded a sloop that carried them on South Fox Island for prayer and he was not familiar. As he said, to North Fox Island. Elder Woodsupplication. While thus engaged "I made my feelings known to the ruff was deeply impressed with

in offering prayers of thanksgiving Apostles, and they advised me to the rugged beauty of the Maine to the Lord, Elder Woodruff go."1 coast, especially Penobscot Bay

realized that he and his companion Just one month and one day and the Fox Islands. He carefully

were fulfilling the prophecy of the after he married Phoebe Whitmore recorded his observations of the ancient prophet Jeremiah, who Carter, he departed for his mission, natural beauty, as well as other foretold that God would send forth leaving Kirtland in the company of significant features of the islands:

hunters and fishers to gather Israel. Elder Jonathan H. Hale. En route "North Fox Island is nine miles

(Jer. 16:16.) As he wrote in his to Maine, they traveled through long by two miles in width, and has

journal Canada, New York, Connecticut, a population of eight hundred.

"We were, indeed, upon an island Massachusetts, and New HampThey have a post office, one store, of the sea, standing upon a rock shire. While in New York, they a Baptist church and a meetingwhere we could survey the gallant met briefly with Elders Heber C. house, four schoolhouses, and a

ships, and also the islands which Kimball and Orson Hyde of the tide grist mill.... The products

were as full of rocks, ledges, and Council of the Twelve, who had are wheat, barley, oats, potatoes, caves as any part of the earth. And been called on a mission to Engwhat had brought us here? To land. Elder Woodruff took the Donald Q. Cannon, bishop of the

search out the blood of Ephraim, opportunity to visit with several professorPortland (Maine)of historyWard,atis theassistantUnithe honest and meek of the earth, members of his family, including versity of Maine.

and gather them from these islands, his father, Aphek Woodruff, in

Era, September 1970 83 and grass. The principal timber a bed and breakfast. When asked the Mormoii missionaries. 11

consists of fir, spruce, hemlock and what she charged, she answered Although faced with vigorous opbirch. Raspberries and gooseberries that they were her guests and did position by the minister, Elders

grow in great abundance, and some not need to pay her. 7 Woodruff and Hale began to bapupland cranberries are raised. The Having learned that there was a tize the members of the Baptist

principal stock are sheep. Baptist meetinghouse on the island, congregation. The first members

"South Fox Island comes as near they walked the five miles to the of that congregation, and, indeed, being without definite form as any building. When a deacon came to the first inhabitants of an island of

spot on earth I ever saw.... It is greet them, they asked him to tell the sea to be baptized in this

about ten miles in length and five the minister that they were two dispensation, were Justin Eames servants of God and had a message (Ames), a sea captain, and his to deliver to the people. Much to wife. Elder Hale baptized them

Early residents sti their surprise the minister invited on September 3, 1837, thus disthem to join him at the pulpit, and proving the false predictions of vividly remember after he had delivered his sermon, certain apostate members in Kirthe asked Elder Woodruff what he land who had sought to discourage tales of the Mormon desired. In this manner a special Brother Hale from going on his

Elder who converted meetingo'clock in thewas evening.arranged8 for five nevermissionbaptizeby tellinganyone.him12 he would

many islanders"Being curious about the two Growing ever more alarmed, Mr.

strangers, most of the congregation Newton invited the Methodist returned to hear their message at minister from South Fox Island, in width, and is a mass of rocks, the appointed hour. Elder WoodMr. Douglass, to join him in comformed into shelves, hills and valruff arose and spoke for one hour, batting Mormonism. Thus, two

leys, and cut up into necks and using Galatians 1:8-9 as his text. professional clergymen who had

points to make room for the coves He spoke with power and convicbeen at odds for years allied themand harbors that run into the island. tion and told those assembled that selves against Wilford Woodruff

The population is one thousand. the Lord had raised up a prophet and his companion. They arranged

The inhabitants get their living enand organized his Church anew, as a conference for as many members tirely by fishing.... Upon this in the days of Christ. Elder Hale of their congregations as possible.

island there are two stores, three followed Brother Woodruff at the During the conference meetings tide mills, six schoolhouses, and a pulpit and gave his testimony conthey denounced Joseph Smith as a small branch of the Methodist cerning Joseph Smith and the Book false prophet and sought to destroy

Church presided over by a Priest. of Mormon. At the conclusion of the faith of recent converts to the

What timber there is upon this the meeting they announced that new religion. Undaunted, Elder

island, such as pine, fir spruce, they would preach the next four Woodruff attended the meetings, hemlock, and birch, and likewise evenings in each of the four schooltook careful notes, and then inwhortleberries, raspberries and houses, beginning with schoolhouse vited the congregation and the two gooseberries, grow mostly out of number one. 9 ministers to attend his meetings,

the cracks in the rocks."6 During a visit at the home of Mr. where he convincingly refuted the

The two Mormon elders arrived Newton, the Baptist minister, they false teachings of Mr. Newton and

on North Fox Island at two o'clock left him a copy of the Doctrine and Mr. Douglass. 13

on Sunday morning, August 20, Covenants. As Elder Woodruff The elders continued their mis1837. Groping through the darkwrote: "He read it, and the spirit sionary work and preached with

ness, they stumbled over rocks and of God bore testimony to him of such zeal and conviction that many trees until they came upon a house. its truth."10 Having received a faithful souls entered the waters of

When they knocked on the door, a testimony by the Spirit, he reflected baptism. Through their selfless

woman came to the window and upon the matter for several days, enterprise and the influence of the asked who they were. Elder Woodstudying and pondering late into Spirit a miracle was being worked.

ruff informed her that they were the evening. Finally, in contradicAs Elder Woodruff sought to detwo strangers who needed lodging tion to the dictates of the Spirit, scribe this phenomenon, he wrote

for the night. Being unafraid, she he decided to reject the message that "the excitement became great

unlocked the door and gave them and launch a campaign against on both islands."14 More than a

hundred persons had joined the the two men descended into the wife arrived in Bangor, where he

Church on these two small islands frigid waters of the North Atlantic contacted some of the leading men off the coast of Maine. and Isaac Crockett was baptized. of the city. These contacts enBy the latter part of September, Six days later Elder Woodruff abled him to use the city hall for a

the work had progressed to the baptized two more people at the series of meetings. Although those

point that a branch of the Church same spot, and he held another present showed considerable intercould be organized on each of the baptism there on the following est in his message, Elder Woodruff islands. Thus, the first formal day. The residents of the Fox felt that he should return to the

organization of the Church on an Islands demonstrated great faith in Fox Islands. 21

island of the sea occurred—and their desire to be baptized under Upon returning to the islands he

within the state of Maine. As one such adverse conditions. 18 received a letter from Kirtland, rehistorian wrote: "About this time, Elder and Sister Woodruff questing him to counsel the memMormonism was preached here, crossed the narrow waterway bebers to sell their property and

and it is said held sway for several tween the two islands many times gather to Zion. In compliance with

years, during which time a number as they continued to preach and these instructions, he assembled of the hitherto prevailing faith were baptize. The work was moving the Saints on both islands and adconverted to its ranks."35 forward, but obstacles did confront monished them to dispose of their

On October 2, 1837, after orthem. During one meeting held in property and prepare to accompany

ganizing branches of the Church a schoolhouse, those who opposed him to join the main body of the on both islands, Elders Woodruff the work of the Woodruffs began Church in Zion. Having labored

and Hale bade the Saints farewell firing a gun, hoping to intimidate diligently to convert the residents and returned to Scarborough. the missionary couple. Despite the of the islands, he now worked with

There, Elder Hale, who felt it his crack of gunfire, Elder Woodruff equal zeal in preparing them for duty to return to his family and continued to preach, and following the exodus to the West. Many of

home in Kirtland, parted company the services he baptized two people. the faithful members sold what

with Elder Woodruff. Elder On other occasions the opposition they had and followed him. 22

Jonathan H. Hale's mission had fired warning shots and posted Thus ended one of the most sucended, but Elder Woodruff's misnotices demanding the departure cessful missionary enterprises of the

sion to Maine had only begun. 16 of the Woodruffs. Undaunted, the early history of the Church. Of

After spending a few Weeks with faithful couple continued their the success of Wilford Woodruff, family and friends in Scarborough, missionary labors. The Church Brigham H. Roberts has written:

Wilford Woodruff, accompanied by continued to grow and no harm "Elder Woodruff met with great his wife, set out for a second miscame to them. 19 success in his labors in this island

sion to the Fox Islands. This time, Wilford Woodruff felt inspired and soon had a flourishing branch

rather than arriving a stranger, he to preach to some of the inhabitants organized."23

was greeted by throngs of happy on the mainland, and so, in comThe islands where Wilford

Church members, eager to have pany with his wife, he journeyed Woodruff had labored and whence him continue his missionary labors. to Bangor, Maine, via Searsmont, these new members of the Church

On Sunday, November 5, 1837, he Camden, and Belfast, holding meetcame had been discovered more spoke to a large congregation of ings at each place. Following a than two centuries earlier by Marmembers and friends and baptized meeting in Searsmont on February tin Pring, an English explorer. On

several persons who had received 21, 1838, they emerged from the April 10, 1603, Pring and his party a testimony of the gospel. 17 schoolhouse to find the sky aflame explored the Penobscot Bay region

One baptism conducted during from horizon to horizon. He later and discovered the two islands that

December took place under circumwrote, "It had the appearance of he named the Fox Islands, after the stances that clearly demonstrated fire, blood and smoke, and at times, silvergray foxes that inhabited the great faith of the candidate for resembled contending armies."20 them.

baptism. Elder Woodruff and They were observing one of the Although several Indian battles

Isaac Crockett spent a full hour glorious spectacles of winter in the occurred on the islands during the clearing huge blocks of ice from northern latitudes, the northern early eighteenth century, no permathe water in the cove where they lights. nent settlement took place until

planned to perform the baptismal On March 1, 1838, his thirtyfirst about 1765. Some prominent names

ceremony. When the tide came in, birthday, Elder Woodruff and his among the earlier settlers were

Era, September 1970 85 Winslow, Carver, Kent, Newbury, boasts a heavier summer popruff and Hale preached, and the

Carr, Banks, Robbins, Thomas, ulation, composed of tourists, homes of such people as Samuel

Waterman, Ames (Eames), Lindtravelers, pensioners, and others. Thomas, who left the island to join

say, Cooper, Beverage, Heath, McThe two islands, like sisters with the Mormons in the West.

Mullen, Bowen, Brown, Luce, the same family background, are Just as the mission of Wilford

Dyer, Crabtree, Alexander, Websimilar in appearance but vastly Woodruff remains in the memory ster, and Young. Most of these different in character and personof today's residents of North Haven

settlers came from Massachusetts. ality. North Haven seems more and Vinalhaven, the same spirit of

Among the reasons for settling on traditional, rustic, and quiet, while missionary work is present in the the islands were the absence of Vinalhaven is more commercialized Penobscot Bay region and in<other large, dangerous animals, the—essentially a center for commercial parts of Maine. Across the bay in

ready availability of timber for fuel, fishing. While Vinalhaven's resiRockland is a flourishing branch of

and the abundance of fish of all dents are essentially fishermen, the Church. Through dedicated

kinds in adjacent Penobscot Bay. North Haven's summer population efforts, the members of this branch

North and South Fox Islands were includes some of the prominent and have purchased a building site that incorporated as the town of Vinalwealthy in American society. commands an excellent view of

haven in 1789. In 1848, a decade Behind this facade of apparent beautiful Penobscot Bay. In Jonesafter Wilford Woodruffs mission, change, however, North Haven port, "down east"from Rockland,

North Fox Island separated from ( North Fox Island ) and Vinalhaven the missionaries are reaping a rich

Vinalhaven and became North (South Fox Island) remain basiharvest in this quaint fishing vilHaven, the south island retaining cally the same as they were lage, where the Congregational the name Vinalhaven. when Elders Woodruff and Hale Church recently gave its meetingNorth Fox Island seemed to be preached the restored gospel there house to The Church of Jesus

ahead in ecclesiastical matters. A more than 130 years ago. ConChrist of Latterday Saints. In

church was organized there by the temporary descriptions of the isother parts of the Maine Stake fullBaptists in 1804 and a meetinglands bear remarkable resemblance time missionaries, stake missionhouse erected in 1808. On South to the description rendered by aries, and members are continuing

Fox Island the first religious deWilford Woodruff in his journal. the missionary labors begun in

nomination to organize and build Walking over the trails where 1837 by Wilford Woodruff. O

a meetinghouse was the Methodist Wilford Woodruff walked, observFOOTNOTES

Church. According to extant recing the Baptist meetinghouse where 1 Wilford Woodruff, Wilford Woodruff: Hisords, the Methodists became active he preached, sampling the wild Dailytory of Journals,His Life ed.and MatthiasLabors as F.RecordedCowley in(SaltHis

on the islands later than the Bapraspberries that he enjoyed, gazing LakeBookcraft,City: 1964),Deseretp. News77. HereafterPress, 1909,cited andas

tists, although the date is unknown. at the rugged, pristine beauty of Woodruff2 Ibid., Journals.p. 78.

Up until 1837, when Mormonism the Penobscot Bay islands, the 34 Ibid.,Wilfordpp. 7980.Woodruff, "Autobiography of

became the dominant religion, the Camden hills, and the bluegreen Wilfordzine, Vol.Woodruff,"3 (1885),Tullidge'sp. 11. Quarterly Magareligious sentiments of the Fox waters of Penobscot Bay, one 56 WoodruffWilford Woodruff,Journals, Wilfordpp. 7174.Woodruff's JourIslanders were fairly evenly disenses a closeness to Wilford nal,Society),typescriptp. 1.copyHereafter(Portland,citedMaine,as TypescriptHistorical

vided between the Baptists and Woodruff and his mission. Journal.7 Woodruff Journals, p. 76.

the Methodists. In the minds and hearts of the 89 Ibid.,Typescriptpp. 7677.Journal, p. 2.

10 Journals, p. 77. Islands, islanders, the Fox Today Wilford Woodruff now older Ibid., 7778. pp. n Woodruff

12 Ibid., 78. p. still present. as Northknown is, indeed, and VinalHaven Many of 13 Ibid.

haven, have a different appearance the elderly residents of the islands 1415 Ibid.,Owen p.P. 79.Lyons, A Brief Historical Sketch

than they did in Wilford Woodvividly remember tales of the MorofKnownthe TownSettlementof Vinalhaven(Rockland,FromMaine:Its EarliestFree

ruffs time. There are more mon missionaries and their activiPressWoodruff'sOffice,mission,1889), bothpp. 5960.North andDuringSouthElderFox

buildings, the roads have been ties on the Fox Islands. They recall Islands16 Woodruffwere partJournals,of the townpp. 8081.of Vinalhaven.

p. 82.paved, electric utility poles and how the Mormon elders converted 1817 Ibid.,Typescript

Woodruff Journals, pp. 8384. wires clutter the landscape, the roar many of the islanders and eventu1920 Journal, p. 5. Ibid., p. 85.

86. p. of dieseldriven lobster boats is ally how they left to go "abroad"2122 Ibid.,Ibid., pp.

23 B. (ed. Roberts, H. heard, and occasionally a modern to join with the Mormons on the tory 8789. the Church of of Jesus), [Documentary]Christ of LatterdayHis-

jetliner streaks overhead. Vinalmainland. Escorting one around Saints (Salt Lake City: Deseret News Press,

haven has a larger yearround the islands, they point out the town1932),VinalhavenVol. 2, p. as507.oneRobertsisland refersrather to thanthe

population, while North Haven schoolhouses where Elders WoodFoxseparatingIslands.his description into North and South

86 Era, September 1970 Six reasons why \ you'll enjoy living \ in Bloomington

Couples enjoy yearround golf at Bloomington, just three miles south of St. George, Utah.

1. Perfect, yearround climate: 4. Unlimited Recreation:

Golf all winter if you like. The chamGolf, swim, play tennis or ride horses. Mail to:

pionship course is open every day of Hunt, fish, or ski. You will enjoy organBLOOMINGTON

the year. And you'll enjoy the soft ized camping trips, trail rides, guided P.O. Box 190 / St. George, Utah

evening breeze as it flows from tours to nearby National Parks, National Please send me complete informasurrounding mountains to keep you Monuments and historic sites. Or how tion about Bloomington.

cool and comfortable in summer. about barbecue cookouts, golf lessons Have a salesman call to explain

or swimming parties... you name it! Bloomington in detail.

2. Good, Wholesome Atmosphere: There's no end to the yearround

The highest ideals and standards in recreational facilities right at your Name community living are maintained at fingertips in Bloomington. Address..

Bloomington along with a warm 5. Close to friends and family..

neighborly spirit. You'll also enjoy... but not too close: City

having the St. George Temple and Dixie Los Angeles—405 miles; Las Vegas—126 State... Zip.

College so close to your front door. miles; Salt Lake City—313 miles. It's

easy to visit these areas when you like, Phone.

3. Planned Community Living: but they're also far enough away that

Terracor's planning division, Environyou can enjoy some peaceful solitude mental Design Group, worked carefully if you desire it.

to protect and enhance the natural 6. Uncongested... room to roam:

beauty of the rich, green Bloomington Bloomington provides a refreshing valley. All homesites are located near escape from today's crowded living

popular recreation facilities and conditions. The atmosphere is clean,

underground utilities preserve the quiet, and invigorating. You'll enjoy the

spectacular view. elbow room and you'll breathe easier. TERRACOR

ord players, tape recorders, typewriters, duplicators, and other aids to good instruction. Lists of

materials and books recommended for procurement are found in the

Meer/nghouse Library Technical

Manual.

Directing the program on a general Church level is the Library

Coordinating Committee, which is comprised of representatives of the Church Historian's Office, the

Genealogical Society Library and its branches, the meetinghouse libraries, the BYU library, and the libraries of the Church schools, seminaries, and institutes. AddiThe New

tional members serve as consultants.

On a stake basis, it is to be diMeetinghouse Library rected by the stake director of libraries, while ward appointees will be the meetinghouse librarian, associate librarians, and library Program assistants. Each library will function under the direction of an ad-

A new program to establish liteaching materials and equipment visory board made up of bishops braries in every ward and branch available to all members of each or branch presidents of the units building of the Church is being imward or branch. All new meetingusing the chapel, with one bishop

plemented throughout the Church. houses will include a standard or branch president selected as

The program for a churchwide library facility, and existing buildchairman.

correlated library program was ings should be remodeled to proWhen more than one ward or first announced by the First Presivide such a facility. Architectural branch occupies a building, an

dency in 1966 and is being diplans for various sizes of meetingassociate librarian is to be called rected by the Church Library house libraries have been develto serve for each. Library assisCoordinating Committee, estaboped and are available on request tants, who may be called to serve

lished in 1968. from the Church Building Departthe various auxiliary and priestCommittee representatives exment. hood organizations within each

plained the program at regional Under the program, in each ward or branch, will serve on the meetings throughout the Church meetinghouse there is to be one library staff, not the staff of the during the first five months of library facility, which will be auxiliary or priesthood group. A

1970. Details are outlined in the shared by all wards or branches library assistant for music should

Meet/nghouse Library Handbook occupying the building. This cenalso be appointed for each meetand the Meetinghouse Library ter is to be officially designated inghouse.

Technical Manual, both published the "meetinghouse library."There The new program is designed to

in January. An information bulwill be no separate stake library make it convenient for every memletin, the Meetinghouse Library stake materials will be deposited ber to use the meetinghouse liBulletin, will be issued periodically in a meetinghouse library, prefbraries—the member who wishes

to supplement the handbook. erably the one in the stake center. to study the gospel as well as the

The First Presidency has diThe library will house, in addition teacher who wants materials to aid rected that adequate facilities and to books, such appropriate equiphim with his research and visual personnel be provided to make ment as projectors, screens, recaids. o

88 Era, September 1970 HAVE YOUR OWN FOURSEASON GARDEN Pick your own vegetables any time of the year—no filled plants in as little as 8 weeks. More than 600

matter where you live. Tomatoes. Lettuce. Cucumpounds of them a year.

bers. Toss a salad any season—from your own So many things can be grown in a hydroponic garbackyard. den—all year round. Fun for the whole family and

Now, it's family fun for everyone with the new Hydro- a moneysaver, too.

ponic Garden Unit from HYDROGRO. Just enough Write for more information on the complete Hydrowork to be rewarding, but not enough to be a burden. ponic Garden Unit. It's all ready to grow!

Best of all, HYDROGRO can actually pay its own way.

One standard 10'x 12'unit can produce as much DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE food as a soil garden which is considerably larger.

Start picking rich, ripe tomatoes from abundant fruitHYDRO-GRO

3174 HIGHLAND DRIVE SALT LAKE CITY, UTA

TheseTimes

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education

The United States of America is the American future must be 200,000 now in West Germany.

faced with the necessity of reits own domestic circumstances. Berlin is still a strategic frontier

designing its approach to world Some of the billions expended for of the USA, after 25 years'occuorder. The systems that American overseas aid, military and otherpancy. So is South Korea.

policy has followed since 1945 are wise, and for the worldwide deBut America cannot maintain dissolving. The enormous burdens fense establishments maintained its essential world commitments

U.S. taxpayers have carried over by the United States must be rewithout a healthy and vigorous

the past 25 years, to reconstruct allocated to the domestic econdomestic life. The internal life

Europe and maintain the free omy. The 310,000 American of the nation needs a new spirit, a

world, must be shared by others. troops stationed in Europe cannot new vigor, to overcome the conseFirst on the list of priorities for all be withdrawn, especially the quences of racism, urban decay,

FOR OLDFASHIONED

HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS ignorance, poverty, moral and "CORONA"spiritual regression. To fight

World War II, and to assume the GRAIN MILL new worldwide responsibilities of forwheat,use corn,with nuts, p"economic and political leadership etc.for fineEasilyor adjustscoarse

which followed, the national govgrinding. New 1 CTSP

ernment developed remarkable grindingmodel millplateswith $10.95finer

capabilities. Today these capapostpaid.Rockies addEast$1.00of

Finer grindingbilities reach to the moon. The NOVEMBER 6 postage.plates for old 1

coming congressional elections mill $1.95 set postpaid.C DEPARTURE Add 4V2% sales tax in Utah.

may well focus on how some of "Special"quantity prices to church groups.

capabilitythis could be enormous to *Suva Allow 30 days for delivery.redirected, with enthusiasm,

internal challenges. A healthy naZealandtion at home is prerequisite to *New

redesigning the American apif Australia proach to a healthier, stable world.

Next in the list of priorities I Tahiti would place the immediate relationships with Canada on the Bora Bora north and with Mexico and our Caribbean neighbors to the south.

of health welfare and theseThe BREAD MIXER

Inc. Travel, shouldneighbors the @Murdock concern a bread for 1 batch makes to 4 loaves

14 Sooth Main. postpaid to you... $14.95 Salt City, Lake UtahSt. for StatesUnited reasons sound

Tax.of proximity and social and ecoPhone84101328-3161 Utah residents add A l/2 % Sales

nomic ties. Special additional yourPlease PACIFICsend meADVENTUREthe brochuretour.on

reasons also attach. Canada is

a prime cultural link with Europe. Name

Europe is America's iop priority Send orders to:

outside and beyond our immediate Address SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335

neighbors. Canada has unique

positions with respect to the United Kingdom and with Commonwealth nations and former INTERLAKEN ESTATES

British dependencies throughout In Utah's Beautiful Heber Valley the world. The same is also true building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home

with respect to Canadian relation40 minutes from Salt Lake 223InterlakenSouth Estates7th East ships with France and with the 30 minutes from Provo Salt Lake City, Utah

Sir! Valley Heber Those Mountains and Yesformer dependencies. French great new 18hole golf course within walking Then A

of golfing, boating, the attraction swimming, distance riding, fishing, skiing snowhorsebacktoo, and the Canadian national domain

An attractive investment opportunity in an excitmobiling sound like part of my dream for occupies the earth between the ing growth area the future for complete relaxed living. Please

send me more information.state of Alaska, which confronts Complete utilities-—electricity—water—sewage

disposal NameAsia in the North Pacific, and the

Year round activities in crisp mountain air rest of continental USA. ComAddress

parable significances apply to SaturdayTelephoneand Sundaycollectand3640447after 5 p.m.(Mon.in thruSalt LakeFri. 8-5)485'8990 City. State Zip Code

Mexico and to the nations of the in Provo 2252993

Caribbean. They also interconnect

with the powers of the South COX'S DELICOUSo CANDLES FOR YOUR

American continent and with STORAGE PROGRAMSpain, Portugal, and their worldCreamedHomy Direct from our wide influences. one of the best in the U.S. rJr candle factory

These are slightly imperfect candles at

GIFT A SPECIALTY BOXES relations Redesigning future big for discount. Also ideal banquets,

welfare storage purposes For projects, etc. fundraising bazaars,with neighbors our immediate its for quality flavor and famous 3"6"x Send sample candle $1.00 for

jVS, (Write for Free Brochure) we will send prepaid. Candle Kitchen,and

City, Utah

list. price 3f I hy I Shelley,COX HONEYIdaho FARMS83274 841152335 So.—W.4873297.Temple, SaltRequestLake Era, September 1970 91

cannot be taken for granted, any essential to the stability and demore than Mayor John Lindsay's velopment of African nations. It

problems in the city of New York would be an offset to Russian incan be taken for granted. fluence in Egypt and the Arab

Third in the list of priorities, world.

and carrying primary strategic The United States inherits significance, must come American much of its value systems, its relations with Europe, especially culture, its way of life, from western Europe and the MediterEurope. The United States invested

ranean. The gross national prodbillions in the reconstruction of

uct (GNP) of the United States is Europe after 1945. The United

now approaching one trillion States continues, in 1970, as the dollars. The GNP of the USSR is principle component of European

about sixty percent of that figure, defense. American bases in Geror about 600 billion. The present many and the Mediterranean Sixth

styles, of Scores or thermographed DuraEuropean Common Market (West Fleet will probably continue for 1"all the graved, direct accessories. Buy

and savp from West's leading manufacturGermany, Netherlands, Belgium, many years to come. But a united

er of mailorder invitations. wedding Rush Luxembourg, France, and Italy) Europe must develop and conorders shipped same day received!

runs around 45 percent of the tribute more to its own defense.

U.S. total (approximately 450 bilCooperatively, if not unitedly,

lion). If the United Kingdom, IreEurope can contribute more to

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail land, Denmark, and Norway were world order.

desired) REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 admitted, the Common Market The next priority, and virtually

Name - GNP would approximate that of equivalent in strategic importance

Address. the Soviet Union. If such economic to Europe, is the development of

City, State, Zip. potential in Western Europe could a variety of systems that will proachieve political unity, the balance vide security in the Indian Ocean

of power would also shift. and the Pacific basin. America's

The United States encouraged neighbors and Europe may well the formation and development of be keys to new patterns involvingKodakElm the European Common Market. It Australia, New Zealand, the PhilipQUALITY DEVELOPING

SAVE UP TO 50% formedTreaty Organization)NATO (the Northin 1949Atlanticas pines,Ocean Southeastlittoral, andAsia,the thenationsIndianof

K0DAC0L0R Developing and Jumbo Prints its outer shield. The U.S. today the subcontinent of Asia. Japan

has some 310,000 troops in may well be the immediate key to 8 Exposure Rolls: $2.55 Save 77$ Europe and the Sixth Fleet in the some future positions and aspiraRolls: Save $1.73 Exposure $2.75 D 12

.19 ea. Save Reprints from 10$ Mediterranean to protect this tions of China. Troops in South Negs: $

system. There is talk of a comKorea and Formosa and the geoKODACHROME or EKTACHROME mon currency in the market area graphic position of these countries

Developed into Slides or Movie Film within the next ten years. Such a constitute the present immediate

35mm, 20 Mtd. Slides: $1.35 Save 90$ currency could join the dollar or counterpoise to China.

35mm, 36 Mtd. Slides: $2.40 Save $1.20 even replace it as a dominant Too little can be said in this

Super 8 or 8mm Movie: $1.35 Save 90$ system. Whatever happens on that space concerning the strategic

score, a healthy, strong European significance of the Indian Ocean.

Developing and Jumbo Prints entity, with Britain, Norway, IreBut a stronger Europe could also B & W 12 Exposure Rolls: $.99 Save 85$ land, and Denmark as members, attempt to reinforce the security

Jumbo Prints: $.08 ea. Save 4$ should be encouraged. Take the structure from Singapore to the

Middle East powderkeg situation. Persian Gulf, Aden, and the Cape

GENEALOGY PHOTOS A strong Europe, or even stronger of Good Hope.

Negs. from old photos: $.60 Save 40$ French and British influence, could Finally, in this broad view, the

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4$ help diffuse some of the tension United States needs to give major

Utah order: Min. $1.00 INSTRUCTIONS: political to in the attention RussianAmerican adding new

film Place Sales dents Tax & remitresi- apparent add 3V2% mail to: tance envelope and in heavy in confrontation to significance Nations. the IsraeliArab the United

conflict. A strong Europe is also The United Nations is now 25

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. 2, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 92

STAKON Convenient Space Saving Can Storage Saves Spoilage Uses Oldest First Cans Rotate With Each Use years of age (194570), not countSTAK TO ANY HEIGHT ing the preceding years from Rack For All Size Cans Available

January 1942, when the military Screwsload fromon top,to wall.rotateCansto

alliance bearing that same name bottom. NOTE how units

was announced by Churchill and Church stackGroup Enquiriestogether.Welcomed

D.C.Roosevelt in Washington, AVAILABLE) (STATE FRANCHISES

Write for Information funcHolds5"x 716"to k1 2 10"Cans Nations today The United

PER UNIT tions necessarily and well as a Postpaid STAKON INTERNATIONAL technical international organizaBox 17075 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 1-801561-0701 tion. It is an essential clearinghouse for the various transport,

communications, health, and othertechnical systems it continues to EASY TO EARN PERO bring together from their earlier, THE NEW nineteenth century, development. to NONCAFFEINEHOT DRINKBut its political success as a $50 $500

peacekeeping instrument is limTastes like Coffee but is Caffein free!

to start day delicious nourishing the and way Aited. It has had peacekeeping two water, boiling family. for the Just add whole FOR YOURCASHCHURCH, SCHOOL, CLUB it's enjoy. to to taste, sugar ready cream andinstruments: the United States and is it or a refreshing cold hot with milk Mixed

drink. nutritious wholesome from Made Soviet ofthe Union. genius The "5050"to cereals, a perfect complement and OUR

for too. breaks, PLAN andgrainsmeals. Pero snacks Perfect and a tothe has provide U.N. been MEANS MORE

for Pero, modern beverage the modern politicalbroader and arena forum it for favorite PROFIT at your people. Look

cverytimefor 10 market. these than two great powers

(iroup of each your Cliocolettes of or memberssell$50.0010 cansCash Distributed bybilateral diplomacy. Such a at SI. 00 per only patCocoanettcs

Inc. Holly Foods, World

Markup! This delicioustern will continue under the Can!100% South 7th West 2520 in reusKitchen-Fresh Candy,

City, But, Salt organization.present costs with able Lake only Utah 84119 5(V

sells for each SI -00! Canisters,and

in coin for mailing and send 10c Treaty Southeast Asia as Investment.NATO, the Order No few handling.For sample

as as or 1200 as 120, many today! cans to up 30 Dealer Inquiries WelcomeOrganization other (SEATO), and

to ordering pay. days TakeWhen

title, name, phone your regional arrangementsAmerican the address, of number and address: givename, 2nd

officer, school, of club, group,etc., church or name

itin for decline, quan-( time the tity be of may nearest Office Freight each and no parcel F.O.B., Birmingham, with EXWedesired

cost. to shipping cover TRAS addito States post).INCLUDED consider shipFREEUnited Sprouting, Casseroles,

tional arrangements.'Their major Orders accepted groups only / 1Breads, Pastries, Storage

purpose would be to provide new organization and new cooperative 'MAKE A TREAT methods to replace the 25year WITH WHEAT"pattern of American military and

Widely acclaimed Price: $1.95

foreign aid since 1945. highly esteemed Group Discount

The designing of such a system relates, in the American view of HAZEL RICHARDS

Hermosa 2857 Way first priority affairs, to theworld

City, Utah Lake 84117 in this short essay. Europe \f JewelJewelry Company Saltnamed

has been reconstructed. Japan has

become one of the world's great 42 W. 2nd So., Salt LakeCity.Ut. 84101 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

economic powers. The United Telephone (801) 3221039 IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

States now must (1) have more Aids in treatment of simple sore help in the task of maintaining HOLIDAY INN throat and other minor mouth world order, and (2) reallocate and throat irritations.

more of its resources to dprnestic Specialty—Authentic Mexican Food

stepsrequirements. Both seem HALL'S REMEDY Private Dining Available Room City, Utah Salt Lake shield,essential if the American State 3040 So. Phone 4679881

which has provided the basis forworld order for the past 25 years, vwwwwwww

is in effective service to continue GENEALOGISTS The Cactus Cookbook list items. Xerox price of Free over 300 world.to the Specialities O Mexican pictures copied each. Genealogy 5c copying

30c (each additional copy 5c; see page 5

Mail orders welcomed. of catalog).

$1.00 $1.00 STEVENSON'S

Era, September 1970 93 Rt. 1 Box. 82-A Elfrida, Ariz., 85610 CENTER GENEALOGICAL

230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601

Spare Time Income Become a PERMAPAK Representative

Earn extra dollars at the same time CAMPLITE FOODS you provide an unusual and valuable Exciting new convenience for campers service for your associates.—lightweight, spacesaving, quickly

Tell the PERMAPAK story! These prepared and delicious—great to take

quality, lifesaving products are easy to along in campers, snowmobiles, planes sell through group presentations and or boats—includes such gourmet items

personal contacts with friends! as Beef Stroganoff, Chicken and Beef

Stews and Cheese Omelettes Deluxe.YEAR'S FOOD SUPPLY $169.95

Balanced food supply in convenientto- COMPLETE LINE OF MONEY SAVING store cartons is scientifically prepared HOMEUSE AND FOOD STORAGE ITEMS to fill the nutritional needs of one person for one full year, or a family CRISIS FOOD KITS of 4-6 three months. 12 samesize Help prepare others for food emerpre-packed cases—=10 cans—low gencies—and help yourself to EXTRA

moisture foods. INCOME.

MAIL THIS COUPON NOW Then, while you're in Salt Lake City for Conference, make arrangements with

PERMAPAK to become the representative in your area.

Yes, I would like to earn extra money in my spare IE 9/70 time. Please tell me how I can become a PERMAPAK

PERMAPAK representative. Send com- -40 East 2430 South / Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

plete information to: Phone (801) 4869671

Name

Address

City State Zip

PIERIVIAPAK

End ofan Era

In our early morning Since the YWMIA seminary class, our teacher organist was absent, the

Beehive girl to play LifeAmong handsasked howfor manya show of president asked a young theMormons hadcrossedancestorsthe plains.who had ourthe piano.openingConsequently,hymn was

Several hands shot up, the only one she knew:

including that of a Lamanite "Lord Dismiss Us boy of the Cheyenne tribe. With Thy Blessings."

Aloud he added,—Carolle Denton,

"Many times!"Sterling, Utah

-Basin City Ward Seminary (Junior Group), Mesa, Saintdotes that $3relateforlengthtohumorousthe150Latterdaywords.anec- "End ofandwayanexperiencesofEra"life. willMaximumpay Washington

So live that you won't When a man starts "So what if your husband be afraid to sell your parrot to bragging that he has a lot does snore?"said the doctor.

the town gossip. on the ball, he's inviting "Lots of husbands snore.""Yes,"

—Farmer's Almanac somebody to bat him around. sighed the baggyeyed wife,

Called to a farmhouse by "but George is a ventriloquist, and phone to treat a child, he snores on both sides

Nothing so stirs a man's of me at once."a doctor asked the farmer

conscience or excites his for directions. "Just take the

curiosity as a woman'slower road, Doc,"he was dead silence.

If there be eyes to see,told. "Go about two miles and—W. R. Goldsmith

you'll find it. You can't there will be visions

miss it. I'll hang a lantern to inspire. If there be ears

on the front porch."The A father was very angry to hear, there will be

doctor traveled back and forth about the poor marks on his revelations to experience.

along the road several times, son's report card. "I wish you If there be hearts which

but couldn't see the light. wouldn't be so hard on him,"can understand,

Finally he went back home and soothed his wife. "The boy's know this, that the exaltingcalled the farmer. "Guess trying, and—""Oh, it truths of Christ's gospel

you'll have to give me those really isn't the marks I mind will no longer be hidden directions again,"he said. so much,"interrupted the and mysterious, and

"Gosh, I'm sorry, Doc,"the father. "It's the deception. Why all earnest seekers may

farmer explained cheerfully. the dickens does he have know God and his

"The boy got better after to look so bright?"program.

Spencer W. KimballI called you—so I just—President

took down the lantern."

Said the golfer: "You must

Executive ability is a talent be the worst caddy in the world. Small boy's definition of a

for deciding something quickly Caddy: "Hardly, sir. That conscience: "Something

and getting somebody else would be too much of a that makes you tell your mother to do it. coincidence."before your sister does.'jj

Era, September 1970 95 It has been estimated that one third to one half of the children in public schools today have reading problems and read below their present grade level. Many times, today's HELP school systems fail to motivate a student to learn at the proper rate.

Ebronix, a nationwide chain of electronic learning centers, can provide the motivation JOHNNY necessary to help students who have fallen behind in their reading, spelling, or arithmetic. Students who are now behind in their reading ability can normally expect

level for every of at least at an Ebronix increase study one to two months one grade LEARN to in arithmetic can expect to one Center. with problems Learning jump Those

grade level in 2V4 months through this highly motivational learning process. TO READ

Ebronix Learning Center operators are earning remarkable incomes above their own salaries and expenses. The centers provide

a genuine service to the community—a service that is in great demand. Some centers have netted a 100% return on their

investment after the first five months of operation. Some centers will net a return between $30,000 and $40,000 a year.

Market is unlimited FRANCHISE TERRITORIES AVAILABLE

Almost immediate return on investment ELECTRONIC CHOICE LOCATIONS AVAILABLE FOR EITHER LEARNING CENTER LICENSE

Company performs a vital service OR AREA DISTRIBUTORSHIP.

LFJRNIN6 Join this growing list of Ebronix

Guaranteed customer satisfaction Learning Centers:

No teaching experience necessary CENTERS.. SaltUTAHLake City BoiseIDAHO SantaCALIFORNIAMonica

Bountiful Caldwell Long Beach A dignified business that offers profit, Granger Nam pa Palo Alto

Falls Twin prestige and security A VITAL Ogden MEXICO NEW Pocatello Logan Farmington Falls Idaho Provo investor absentee Excellent for

FLORIDA ARIZONA HAWAII Melbourne Complete training program Mesa Honolulu

MISSOURI Low investment fee - $12,000 - $14,000 PROFESSION OREGON NEVADA Kansas City

Eugene Las Vegas Independence

LEARNING CENTERS

HOME OFFICE: BOISE, IDAHO (208) 3431215

What price

HARACTER?

I would like to receive complete information about these books without cost or obligation.

Please send me the 36page PREVIEW BOOKLET free.

Name

Street Address

City State

Telephone Zip Code c3 o 00 en LU "m LU rf -J P- E 0) CQ

LU XoCQ 3 (0 s. X o < o <

OQ o.

Read these results Kettle Fresh Candies Make This

Band Need Band Uniforms? "Enclosed "America's Most Popular

is our check for S10.451

energetic band members..."writefromthea Fund Raising Plan'

mediumsized town. They made their

recent Bowl Game trip in style!

"We made $1,806.76 for camp scholarships! Initial order gone in two days.

Repeat sales fantastic."CASE HISTORIES NOS. 309 and 7003

We help you get started We send you enough Kathryn Beich

Candies to raise the money you need.

Free booklet shows you how to get organized and run a big moneymaking project. Special carrying cases and

selling literature, too.

"Kettle Freshness"sells more These are fine giftquality confections, packed at the peak of freshness to lock flavors in! We use only pure Swiss recipe milk chocolate—no imitation chocolate, ever. Every product carries the

Good Housekeeping Seal.

Nationally famous...

Kathryn Beich's Fund Raising Plan has enabled thousands of clubs and organizations to raise millions of dollars—all

over the United States. Big town or

small, we will help you.

C—ft

This year, introduce your school, Denver Medical Club's S500 profit.

church, club or other civic organizaMillions of people have bought tion to the legendary Kathryn Beich these confections to support thouBigger Variety olates,Candies.fineChoosebutterfrommints,lusciousrare toffees,chocsandssmall—ofalldifferentyear long!projects—largeIt's easy: andWe

With these 13 different products, priced tender crumbles—thirteen "Gift Qualsend the candy you need... enough

500, S1.00.-S1.50, you can make terrific ity"candies priced from 500. This to raise $50 or $5000 or more.. and

to sales combination of S3. 00, S5.00 tested costs. plan can the shipping pay wonders even You work for we 0.00 repeat S1 per customer! sales And

until after treasury the your as nothing... such an Illinois 60 days pay are selection. easy you offer when

Girl's Club whose Christmas sale avshipment so there is no risk.

erages over $5000 profit... and a RUSH coupon for FREE booklet!

MAIL TO: KATHRYN BEICH CANDIES,&f&"j*"&* DEPT. 36P6, Bloomington, III. 61701

Our group is interested. Send the moneymaking details.

How much do you need? ORGANIZATION NAME: N e w. 1 6-pag e

Your earning power is unSEND TO: guideshows andyou cataloghow to

limited.. S300. S750,

$1500 $5000 up.to and ADDRESS PHONE aplanmoneyprofitableandmakingoperate

more! Just send coupon CITY STATE ZIP project.

for details today! (Continental U.S.A. Only)

Nonsmokers feel better, look healthier,. breathe easier, play harder, find food tastier,

and pay less for life insurance.

%Yes, now you can take a nonsmoker's break. There's a real

financial break available to you under Beneficial Life's nonsmoker's discount policy.

If you do not smoke cigarettes now and have not for the past 12 months or more, you may qualify for premium savings as high as $50 a year on a minimum polrcySavings are even greater srfIR policies. So for a nonsmoker's

break, or facts about other exciting insurance products, contact your Beneficial Life consultant, or write us at 57 W, South Tempi

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101.

'Is your \ iife insurance Beneficial

Beneficial Life

INSURANCE COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, U We're growing and are looking for exciting sales or agency management opportunities, you should lone collect or write Jay B. Horrocks,

-U, senior vice president (801) 3648401.