/MmprouemenMEra irmnber, Ntoton Btmfcr?& mb 3farig-0?twn

Immbrr 23, 18II5—3i00plf ttlttlj—Slutt* 2r. 1B44

... AND NOW

NEW FREEDOM FROM "VOG"(Vapors, Odors, Greases)

Now your lovely "New Freedom"gas kitchen will retain its crisp, gay charm longer, with minimum cleaning. Now you'll enjoy fresher, more

springlike air, free from objectionable cooking odors. The secret is concealed behind the cabinets

above the "CP"automatic gas range:

A tiny, yet powerful ventilating fan quietly whisks outdoors, annoying "VOG"Vapors, Odors, Greases that characterize <*// cooking by any method-

V"Thus the Gas Industry provides another "New

Freedom"for homemakers already emancipated by stepsaving kitchen design, selfoperating silent, gas range, carefree refrigerator gas "CP"heater. and automatic water gas your gas TheWest Prefa * Ask

company about this newest "New Freedom."

MO UNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

QUICK. CLEAN BEPENDABLE FLEXIBLE ECONOMICAL

isuMuinmnw $yd&M ml faaeMew* MUKIWRBP) By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

T\r. M. H. Trytten of the National

Research Council has found that only one in 102 college graduates before World War II attained a Ph. D.

degree in science. Dr. Trytten estimated that the deficiency of Ph. D.'s

needed by universities, government, and industry may reach 13,000 by 1950.

rpHE fogging and icing of windshields is reportedly eliminated by the use of Nesa, a permanent transparent coating for glass which can conduct electricity through the glass panel.

f"\F the over 14,000 compounds which have been examined in the antimalaria program, about half were made synthetically especially for such tests. Many of the compounds were

superior to quinine in control of malaria; 6-hydroxy-8-aminolepidine is 600

times as effective, and another compound may prove to be 1,000 times better than quinine.

Come molecules wriggle like worms when an alternating electric field is applied to them. Since many molecules such as those used in artificial silk

and rubber have such properties, the force required to make the molecules wriggle leads to valuable information on their weight and structure which leads to designing new molecules to meet specific needs.

4A new type of clothespin has a slot at each end so that the user will be able to use the pin no matter which way it is picked up. The two slots are cut What occasions there'll be for festive enterat right angles so the pins won't be too

long. taining... all through December and on past

4 the New Year! And that calls for plentiful

A bout 500 years ago the Venetians freshbaked, flaky, delicious Saltines... to

in Italy used assemblyline methods in shipbuilding. In 1570, one hundred supplement the recipes and make the menus

ships were turned out in one hundred sparkle. Keep lots of Saltines around!

days, and in 1574, Henry III of France while eating at a twohour banquet saw a galley built, outfitted, armed, and launched.

Tt has been discovered by Vincent

Schaefer that snowflakes do not follow the air flow pattern around an airplane, but hit the plane, and at high speeds break into thirty to five hundred fragments, creating sufficient static electricity to interfere seriously with PURITY SALT LAKE radio communication during a snowPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY storm.

DECEMBER 1947 789 Sfoe QmprdTonent DECEMBER 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 12

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

Jke (editors j-'caqe Change of Address:

To the Latterday Saints Everywhere.George Albert Smith 797 quiredFifteen fordays'changenoticeof adre-

Jhe Lcouer dress.change,Whenpleaseorderingincludea

slip from a Lktirch featured address of the recent issue maga- "Cor December, the zine. changes Address birth month of the Joseph Smith—Prophet Levi Edgar Young 798 cannot be made unless

Prophet Joseph Smith Christmas Comes to Lee's Creek C. Frank Steele 801 the old address as well as

and the closing month Those Who Remained Behind Marba C. Josephson 805 the new one is included.

of the centennial year, For the Security of Zion R- H, Walker 810

The Improvement Era Evidences and Reconciliations; CXVTII—Was Brigham Executive and Editorial

presents in four colors Young Loyal to Joseph Smith? John A, Widtsoe 821 Offices:

a portrait of the ProphThe Church Moves On 792 Melchizedek Priesthood 828 50 North Main Street, et, which is reproduced Dutch Saints Ship Potatoes to NoLiquor-Tobacco Column..829 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Presiding Bishopric's Copyright 1947 by Germany, MuThe Frederick W. from a painting comInc., tual Funds, 830 824 a CorBabbel Page

pleted in 1910 by L. Genealogy: Nearly Three MilMusic: First Presidency Proporation of the Young

A. Ramsey. This canlion Pages of Danish Films poses Stake and Ward MuMen's Mutual Improve826 sical Organizations 832 of the in Library ment Association vas hangs in the Salt

of Jesus Christ Church in Church History.,826 December

Lake Temple. Latterday Saints. Allof

rights reserved. SubscripSpedal *jfeateaCured tionin advance;price, $2.0020c a singleyear, }p copy.

* International Council of Women Clarissa A. Beesley 794 Entered at the Post

Office, Salt Lake City, Lands From Distant—secondclass Utah, as 802 the Autobiography of Nishan K* Sherinian From

matter. for Acceptance It Over Christmas Peace in Our Homes: Let's Talk

of special rate mailing at Brentnall 808 Editors Mary in for postage provided

George Albert Smith Christmas in Antigua, Guatemala.. Ivy Williams Stone 817 section 1 103, Act of OcJohn A. Widtsoe The Spoken Word from Temple Square.Richard L* Evans 818 tober 1917, authorized

Exploring the Universe, FrankLet's Make It a Reading ChristJuly 2, 1918.

Managing Editor lin S. Harris, Jr 789 mas: On the Bookrack 814 The Improvement Era

Richard L. Evans Needed for Europe: Dollars Homing: Merry Christmas is not responsible for unand Faith, G. Homer DurFrom You, Cy Lance....822 solicited manuscripts, but

Assistant Managing ham 791 Cook's Corner, Josephine B. welcomes contributions.

Editor The Boy at the Parade, EuNichols 822

Doyle L. Green gene Hilton 794 Your Page and Ours 852 All manuscripts must be

accompanied by suffiAssociate Editor cient postage for delivery

Marba C. Josephson (L>dLtoriai5 and return.

General Manager

820 Commercializing Christmas Doyle L. Green

George Q. Morris 820 C, Josephson Marba The Christmas Way

Associate Manager National Advertising

Lucy G. Cannon Representatives

Stories, joetmj Edward S. Townsend,

Business Manager San Francisco and

Los Angeles Giles John D. Children Christie 806 Lund Coles Too Many

Bolle, and XII...Anna Hole Prince in the Rock—Chapter Redd Editorial Associates 812 DouganChicago and

Elizabeth J. Moffitt Frontispiece: Correggio's The Umbrella Pine, Merling New York

Frances D. Night,"MarClyde "Holy 836 L. Zobell, Jr. Albert Audit Bureau of Member, shall 795

Prayer, Harold Lundstrom J. Harry PeterCirculations Poetry Page 796 Ourson 840 the After Years, DorHurried

othy J. Sartori 804 Peace, Grace S. Colton.846

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JhjL&fL JimM,——

NEEDED FOR EUROPE: 2WL* aJ %d

r\N September 27, 1947, the U. S. By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM servation program to make all AmeriDepartment of State made public Director of the Institute of Government, cans politically conscious of the probthe report of the European Committee University of Utah lem, so, that by the time Congresson Economic Cooperation. The report makes a decision, most of us will have

was signed by Ernest Bevin, the Britbecome acquainted with the issues. The

ish Foreign Minister, as chairman. Sigvoting of the funds is up to Congress.

natures from the following sixteen

European states followed: United urrent American foreign policy iri

Kingdom, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, In your speech at Harvard University Europe is definitely one of supFrance, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, on the 5th of June you stated that, beporting nonCommunist governments.

Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, fore the United States could proceed We feel that wartorn chaos is breedPortugal, Sweden, Switzerland, and much further in its efforts to help start ing ground for Communism: therefore

Turkey, the European world on its wag to rewe are told we must aid European reThe report is the first concrete factor covery, there must be some agreement covery in order to ( 1 ) stop Communism to emerge in the socalled "Marshall among the countries concerned as to and (2) rebuild strong nonCommunist j

Plan."It is fundamental evidence of the requirements of the situation and regimes in Europe.

the world position occupied by the the part these countries themselves

United States of America. could play in order to give proper effect Tn this process, towards these objecaction underto might whatever be tives, in faith? what put our do we 5, 1947, George C. MarJune On the taken of the government United by it date, is that the seems To answer shall, of State, Secretary the American letter States."followed proceeds, The "dollars."dollars Will save Europe? the annual delivered commencement itself eight the of chapters report by will dollars the Or merely rebuild EuPre- University. ataddress Harvard eight chapters preamble. a and The for rope eventual governCommunist 1947, 12, President viously, on March entitled "Historical are Introduction,"ments? These are questions of hour. the to Congress in a message comTruman "Pro- "European Recovery Program,"

the United States mitted Effort,"to the prinduction "Internal Economic TV/foney, resources, material goods are free governments, supporting ciple of Financial Stability,"and Monetary with particular reference to Greece and "Economic Cooperation,""Import Revital at any time. When men are

Turkey, in the declaration now known quirements,""Problem of Payments,"hungry and in need, material resources are essential elements of Doctrine."any (Walter program. as "the Truman "Conclusions."the and heart of The But more is necessary. wills, that the in effect, have has stated, Lippman Men program, are so far as most Americans

recognition Doctrine gaveTruman is chapter to concerned, VI, "Import between the U. status of "cold war"Rebrains,as stomachs.hearts, Menfeelings,mustbeliefs,have spiritas welland a calls quirements"for 21.4 billion which

in facing courage Russia. any task. a result was, Mr. There As S. A. and dollars the U.S.A., 194851, from 6

in a sense, a "Marshall criticized diploPlan"in operaAmerican hasLippman billion in off the first year 1948, tapering tion lititself frontiersmen, when a bankrupting such for Mormon bymacy billion 4.3 to in 1951. these with Even

erally warrefugees from Missouri, involvement.)"cold The March war"credits, other fourelements and of the

built raised city and the of the placed declaration United 12, 1947, Nauvoo all year program other from nations from a swamp. "Credits"to juxtaposition policy in "loans"foreign and States billions, totaling 57.3 states report the

available were made has Isaac of This from Galthe spread Communism. "the consumption in of food Europe land other friends in and in aspects, especiallyits of an hour embarrassing

still will significantly be prewar, below need. Thus, a position strong "Marshall held the of Plan"byview may full assuming even success the agriof

help. But toil, in Italy parties men work, must France. and andCommunist cultural programs."[European] The strive; they faith must belief speech mix Marshall's commencement andMr. report then on: goes import pro- "This

their with clear their breaddough, 5, to served concrete,at Harvard, June... raises difficult financial most gram

their policy. and is attention spiritair "ecocentering the onthe Where by questions."This, realize! we ual the faith power, for in western Europe recovery"today, Europenomic

rather than on "stopping Communby means of which American aid can ism."It should be realized, hownpHE report itself is pessimistic, at come to have permanent value? How

ever, that the real intent of the "Marbest, about Europe's ability to repay can it be supplied? The Marshall Plan

shall Plan"is to buttress western Euthe credits requested. The American will help. But dollars alone will not

rope against Soviet domination. Thus, contribution has been expected. How save Europe in these times. The Amerifrom a few words uttered at Harvard, it was to come and in what form, no can people and their Congress can well

there sprang into motion a conference one knew. When Secretary Marshall consider this point, as the appropriaat Paris of sixteen nations. Our pursuggested that the European nations tions bills are prepared.

pose, seen from June 5, back to March might get together and see what they 12, in the MarshallTruman speeches, could do, they jumped at the chance, "inety years ago, in the American seems clear. What motives stirred the met in Paris, and produced the report. desert, Wilford Woodruff, piosixteen European powers? It is now up to the American governneer, declared that "to seek the kingment. credits American The are the dom and his righteousness"of God was

of the plan. of r et Mr. Bevin's letter to Secretary heart Committees the true Conprinciple of prosperity. Can

Marshall, released September 27, gress have been touring Europe. The we mix something of this principle with

1947, reply: "My Dear Mr. Secretary, President has touched off a food conthe dollars?

DECEMBER 1947 791 THE CHURCH MOVES ON Japanese Mission Central Atlantic States Mission

The First Presidency has announced rTTHE East Central States Mission of the reopening of the Japanese Mission, the Church has been divided and and the appointment of Edward L. Clisthe Central Atlantic States Mission

sold as its president. created from parts of that mission. The

President Clissold, a native of Salt First Presidency named J. Robert Price,

Lake City, has had his home in Honopresident of the Phoenix Stake, as lulu since 1929. He also filled a mispresident of the new mission, with headsion to Hawaii from 1921 to 1924. He quarters at Roanoke, Virginia. The new

is a former member of the Oahu Stake mission was organized under Elders presidency and a former president of Albert E. Bowen and Henry D. Moyle.

the Hawaiian Temple. In 1934 he asThe East Central States Mission unsisted in organizing a Japanese Sunday der the direction of President Thomas

School in Honolulu. This grew until

in 1937 a Japanese Mission (now the

Central Pacific) was organized among those people living in the Hawaiian

use Fisher's Biskit Mix ylSHFR'S BISKIT MIX is ROBERTj.

*r an easy shortcut to PRICE tempting treats that spark up any menu: biscuits, muffins and

waffles -for everyday enjoyment...

cakes and cookies for gifts and partytime enjoyment. Compare reEDWARDL. W. Richards, now consists of the

sults in your own kitchen. Here's an CLISSOLD Saints living in the states of Tennessee,

easy recipe that's right in season: Kentucky, and West Virginia. The

',;'.v.V:,:..'QUICK: -.:;:",:. """: FRUITCAKEv'-;v:'-': <&': '".;:,.. ''. '.;COOKIES": '-:..- mission membership is approximately

2'. 2 cups Fisher's Biskit Mix 10,000.

k> cup Sugar Transferred to the Central Atlantic

Islands. President Clissold was actStates Mission are approximately 7,000

ing president of this mission during the Saints living in Virginia and North '2 cup Shoriening, melted years. war Carolina.

:...;; In, '-j2 a Japan on assigngovernment tblsps. filled President Price a mission to

1 lemon:;.h-';:.Juice!:-;',. ". Lii/,-. following ment the end of hostilities, England to from 1905 1907. He has

first the Fruits, Chopped he attended meeting of Latterbeen in a counselor the bishopric in

Saint day servicemen and Church memHeber, Utah. After to moving Phoenix Nuts, chopped % cup bers held in Tokyo. about thirtyfive years ago he served fisher's Measure Biskit Mix into a bowl ar.d

mix with sugar, cinnatnon, and allspice, It is reported that there are between first as ward bishop, and then as presi-, Befit egg, melted shortening, lemon juice, 150 and two hundred members of the dent of the Maricopa and finally the to Sprinkle and. vanilla chnpped well. blend Phoenix Stake. Sister Price Church will acin Japan, exclusive of groups

fruits flour small of the with, a amount company mixof him in this assignment. servicemen. American new is ingredients dry

and mix. Stir in fruits, raisin?, and chopped President Clissold will go to Japan

iri small nuts. a greased on Drop mounds South Carolina Stake alone and contact members. Other

F. sheet. even Bake in>:'.,..'.'...cookie for missionaries South Carolina may follow as soon as '"Phe Stake, one hun- >]'>*i) licjht minutes, 12 or brown. a''ct very350

clearance can be had from the occupasixty-ninth dred in the Makes '4 dozen cookies. Church,

it. tion forces, is '"'': 'and determined organized that was 19, October Elders by

GetFisher's Biskit Mix today I missionaries will not be a burden upon Albert E. Bowen and Henry D. Moyle

ten mixes in -one!. the people or the government of Japan. of the Council of the Twelve.

The Japanese Mission was opened in William Wallace McBride was sus1901 by President Heber J. Grant, then tained as stake president, with Benja-

a member of the Council of the Twelve. min W. Wilkerson and Earl M. Voyles

It was discontinued by the Church in as counselors.

1924. Wards of the new stake are: Columbia, Greenville, Charleston, Gaff- m Relief Society Clothing Drive ney, Spartanburg, Hartsville, and

| HPhe recent Relief Society clothing Ridgeway, all in South Carolina.

drive for the benefit of the needy Branches are: Darlington, Sumter, SoSaints in Europe netted 619,904 articles ciety Hill, Winnsboro, in South Caro-

| which were sent in seventeen carloads. lina, and the Augusta Branch, GeorgiaIncluded in the shipment were men's, Stake membership is reported to be

women's, children's, and babies'cloth- 3,600.

ing; bedclothes, needles, thread, yarn, This is the second stake to be organsoap powder, and miscellaneous items. {Contimted on page 843)

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rme<f/JmeH/

Salesman Stan thinks—Making more calls

now... easy to get around on Chevron

Supreme... never stalled by vapor lock

... it's climatetailored to fit driving conditions in my territory.

Rancher Slim thinks—Shore wonderful the way

Chevron Supreme makes my tin bronc skim up hills like a billy goat... high octane as all git

out, never hear pings with Chevron Supreme.

What Angelo thinks—Chevron Supreme

starts the truck in a flash, makes it lively as a bambino... now Angelo gets to market first

... beats everyone to the choicest vegetables.

And all their engines agree—Chevron

Supreme gasoline is a blend of a number of gasolines to provide premium performance for every job... and it's specially

refined to burn clean, give extra power.

Its goodgoing on

CHEVRON

GAS STATION

Stop at either of these stations for Standard of California products... Independent

Chevron Dealers or Standard Stations, Inc. SUPREME GASOLINE

DECEMBER 1947 793 torch which they have passed to that aloft, us, hold yet must we BOY attke PARADE supreme. reign truth one day may%

Is that boy, perhaps, I wonder to (L>iA,qene Jritton, ua./J. myself, a living symbol—one who &

stands for many—children—youth—people who understanding

N the page before me spreads the push through all those closefail to see the vital worth of that picture! Yes, I mused to myself, packed people—if only one of which really matters in the pass-

I was there enjoying that great them would lend a hand! ing parade of life because we,

parade. I saw the crowd with I turned the pages of the magazine, who could help them see, are so

craning necks intent on seeing all but the thought of that lone boy intent on seeing for ourselves that that passed by. passed and repassed like a parade we so often fail to share in full

altonot with them? joy our No,

itself before mind. The my But one I for close myself, reassure gether, thought—poignant insistent of thought so him was all else and is picture in proud one the by disturbing—pushedinsistent of that the pleasure keen edge I attention as intense from my his aloft lovely holds daddy who the of from removed memory was little that lad saw who couldn't little see that she daughter may

wellthat hour—-from that happy there a besee and so be seen as well. thing—standing hour paused planned in which we that throng. closepacked hind

No one seemed to know that he to honor those who in the past But still there stands that little boy underan he needs much present joyous our had made—how alone there there—standing raise to standing it is. Someone daddy! what out peoby fullgrown was—walled see. aloft help him him and

still before. too, He, ple massed while remembering yet had And

is no time to lose—the come to see this wondrous parade! what they chose for us—the And there

Yes, they had told him how glorithought of that neglected boy reparade is passing by!

ous it would be—and yet—he turned to taunt—to challenge—to If he doesn't see it now, he may

couldn't see a thing! He couldn't remind me once again that the never again, for time moves fast,

and soon the scene has changed!

Oh! How much better this wondrous

world still could be if each of us would truly love his neighbor! If

only more of us would serve each other like the noble few we know who daily spread abroad for man their helpful deeds and benefits much as the sun itself in yonder heaven sends forth its healing rays!

Yes! Every boy—and every person

—has eyes to see and heart to

understand—but he needs to

stand where he can see! He needs

the priceless help of some unselfish soul who himself already sees—and with yearning heart

stands wisely by and seeks to help.

to women was the Trienrntemational national Council of Women wereANtanceevent of interest and imporof the United States and the Internial Session of the Internaboth organized in the city of Washington, D.C., in 1888. From the betional Council of Women, held in COUNCIL OF WOMEN

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Septemginning, the Relief Society and the ber 5-12 of this year. Since the last Young Women's Mutual Improveprevious session of this council to be (By Clariida A. vJeedley ment Association have been memheld in the United States was bers of the former, and through that

twentyfive years ago, and since beaffiliation, they have been vitally incause of the war, no meeting has Philadelphia, the city of "brotherterested in the larger world organibeen held since 1938, when the last ly love,"was selected as a fitting zation.

one occurred at Edinburgh, Scotplace to meet, in the present distressAt this session held in Philadelland, this was rather an outstanding ing conditions of the world. phia, five representatives of Latteroccasion. The National Council of Women (Concluded on page 816)

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Holy Mdhf

By FRANCES MARSHALL

-"Holy Night"by Coriegglo Dresden Gallerg

four hundred years ago lived the great painter appears with humble animals of the field. Although theknown0.veras Correggio. He took his name from the small first signs of dawn tinge the hills and the sky, the importown of Correggio in northern Italy, where he was born tant light of the picture is that shining with a heavenly

just two years after the discovery of America. radiance from the Holy Child resting in his mother's

His real name was Antonio Allegri. As he became arms. The face of Mary reflects the glory of her Son as

famous, the name of his birthplace was added, giving him she gazes fondly upon him, undazzled by the brightness the title of Antonio Allegri da Correggio. Near the town from which the young woman on the opposite side screens

of Correggio was a somewhat larger town called Reggio; her eyes. A sturdy old shepherd looks on in amazement,

"It looks as if saying: and shepherd a young at him up the in artist hadand when renown by his frescoes won

is strange, frighten to too beautiful but anyone."Above Mantua,Parma and asked Pratonero he was by Alberto

to paint an oil picture to adorn the new chapel he had are joyful angels who have just floated down on a billow just built in the church of San Prospero in Reggio. of clouds to gaze upon the scene, but they do not bring

is with bright light the too, that the clouds; them upon a

this chapel for that the of Pratoneri family the It was reflection the Christ Child. from

it in called paintedpicture Night"1530, "Holy and was "Ariel, called the has sometimes Correggio, Light been it in for quiet seclusion there years.remained But many is light in the pictures his clear Bringer,"so because and

it lost to beautiful obscurity, rein so be too waswas bright. to Artists the ceased never admire have wondermoved to the Gallery of Fine Arts in Dresden. ful glow shining from the Heavenly Child who came to

The scene is in a rude shed, quite open, where Joseph this world nearly two thousand years ago.

DECEMBER 1947 795 i&MiDEnrc SMALL BOY CHRISTMAS EVE TRIBUTE TO PIONEERS

By Anobel Armour By Georgia Moore Eberling By Ruth May Fox

old, is that the never grows moment to his small touch loved hand Boy ThisHPhe long, and journey, rugged perilous 7V frostsilver with in and bound * Framed to wood, their light, their and hearts were But firegold: left his so outdoor he stood play andAnd faith strong; was pine, holly mistletoe, and Tinsel and side, Joseph's smoothing oxenyoke. anBy ruthless spoiler's the free from were They tree, eyes the Christmas young Lights onBriefly forgetting destiny, spoke he hand, shine, that of thoughts how, heYoung grown, when their enter promised they would soon And ripples that joyous from young Laughter to hoped be land... hearts. skilled in carpentry. humble workman,An

... darts. from misty, memory's eyes Older till he with time to preach, workedSo wood bare; barren and valley the but Lovely till that twinkle us Stars dawn, above up theLearning toil that simple things can spare; to time Israel, no "Hasten, we've O for silver are those candles God's who teach. cold ere the plant and plow must We gone. build to learned the the crossbeams andHe blow; winds is will the heart the remember This moment doors fast melting for the use our Conserve its life of the whitest to Maytime From cottages, theFor along lake's blue shores, snow."December. his dearloved housedThat neighbors

years, the through task; a desert is a toilsome Redeeming

in his eyesYet mist of hidden tears, was blessing for was the Strength their day he useful, see could pastFor smoothrubbed they asked; wood toil arduous privations, and

whereTo paid they for a friendly the tribute three roughhewn, manbuilt WereHardships, crosses stood!

soil.

The snowmantled peaks entranced with the scene MAY CHRISTMAS BE CHRISTMAS Calleddream;to the desert, "Awake from thy

In garlands of beauty be thou arrayed;

By LilHas Livingston The foundations of Zion must be laid."

HPo some the very thoughts of Christmas Answered the desert with a golden yield;

* bring The wilderness changed to a fruitful field;

Such poignant yearnings for someone, Gardens responded; soon dwellings adorned

something The once arid wastes the great ones had

That's dead, such pain to hearts already scorned.

sore, They simply can't bear Christmas any more. All honor and praise to that valiant band,

Who first pitched their tents in this chosenBeneath the glitter may they find thy gem HKu land;

That Christmas may be Christmas unto 'DEAR SANTA: PLEASE BRING—"And praise for their leader, prophet, and

them. seer By Mavyhale Woolsey Whose deeds we extol, whose name we revere. their blindLord, eyes made open now by

eldest is the one; Santa now—my pain SHE

fills stocking; her child's small She true clear perspective came not for wealth, position, or they They andThat may

gain. by the tree, fame,

Unstop their ears quite deafened now by Sets a bright rockinghorse, a fuzzy bear. But to serve the God of mountain and

grief Her smile is luminous: "Do you think he plain;

That they may hear thy words and through Will like them?... In a way, they're mine, To build a city of peace and goodwill,

belief I guess; they're what I always wanted so Their heavenborn mission of love to fulfil.

I was little, Mom. They seemed tooBe healed—know peace that only thou When

canst give. much Ten decades have passed. Since that

May Christmas cause a wondrous faith to To ask—I never dared to let you know! blessed day live So—here they are, for Sonny!"Millions of people have traveled this way,

lake, of earth, Praising the beauty bring heavenly joy to hearts such once and sky,And... I learn Thus,

lie. the sore heads where pioneers Bowing their

that guessed. secret childhood I never Her is longedfor Christmas thanThat more

there heart ache a wistful grows And in my before.

all that, lost dear such unexdreams For reach out to they Lord, as Bethlehem,O pressed, true Christmas be unto ChristmasMay unfulfilled. Go them!

I had one, too,—when I WINTER SILHOUETTE

Wore pinafores and loved my china doll

My wish, a doll's house; I remember yet By Frances Reid

their rooms, imagined windows gay all HpHERE is for me a beauty, haunting and rugs velvet with HOME TheLacecurtained—floors * rare, neat. tiny gilded chairs, the kitchen The

Ethel stark of bareness Peak these the blackened By and daughter's had and sink In a cabinet My trees; bathroom, very modern

is like Christmas a finely home intricacy of pattern etched An it I up, thought grown wreath AndEven... andgrand—andcomplete; the holly, gray winter Against of a and mauve and Of mistletoe grievedA

And all the loved ones grouped beneath Because she seemed unthrilled by such a sky.

The tree so bright and jolly. prize. An inner strength, defying time and

A home is like a candle flame... I wonder... what frail wish now Investsweather,these naked trunks and branches

That makes dark corners light; languishes bleak

From Christmas time to Christmas time Behind my grandchild's Christmasdream- With something of the majesty that lies

God keep its fires bright! ing eyes? In ocean depths or lofty mountain peaks.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Id the latterday Saints luerphfl*

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

UTt the approach of another glad Christmastide my heart is filled with gratitude to my Heavenly Father for the many blessings which he has bestowed upon the Latterday Saints during the year which is now drawing to a close.

Here in this land which has been spared actual warfare, our farms and fields have yielded bounteously; our flocks and herds have multiplied. Through diligent efforts

we have produced enough of the necessities of life to sustain ourselves, and to provide a surplus which we have sent to assist our impoverished brethren and sisters in other lands. Since the close of the war, eightyseven carloads of food, clothing and

bedding have been sent by the Church to the needy and destitute across the sea., In

this charitable service we can behold the practical working of the welfare plan, in which so many willing hands have labored and toiled during recent years.

Our missionary effort at the present time is greater than at any previous period in the history of the Church. Today there are in fulltime missionary service more

than four thousand of the sons and daughters of God who have been divinely commissioned to proclaim the truth to the children of men. They are sent out to teach

repentance to the inhabitants of the earth, that these people may turn from the error of their ways, that they may cleave unto that which is righteous, and thereby gain the favor of our Heavenly Father and enjoy the companionship of his Spirit, which is a safe guide along the pathway of mortal life and a sure preparation for a home in his celestial kingdom.

During the present year we have been able to complete a very successful celebration in honor of the arrival, one hundred years ago, of the first pioneers in the

Salt Lake Valley, under the leadership of President Brigham Young. Appropriate

exercises were held by the Saints in many of the cities of the intermountain empire, celebrating the event; a modern caravan of automobiles, camouflaged as oxendrawn

covered wagons, traveled over the pioneer route from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City.

At the mouth of Emigration Canyon one of the most beautiful and imposing monuments in the world was constructed, marking the end of the trail and on which was written the historic declaration of the great pioneer president, "This is the Place."

While we are recounting our blessings, we must remember that great problems are yet before us. The world is still staggering from the effects of the recent war;

cities are in ruins; famine stalks unchecked in many sections of the old world; rumblings of political and social upheavals cause men's hearts to tremble with fear; the

dove of peace is denied admittance in the councils of the nations.

But the promises of the Lord can be relied upon in the future as they have been in the past. Each passing year brings us nearer the date of his coming in power

and glory. True, the hour and the day, no man knoweth. But the duty of the

Latterday Saints is to watch and pray, being valiant for the truth and abounding in good works. Despite the discontent in the world and the apparent growth

of the power of evil, those who continue to stand in holy places can discern through it all the handiwork of the Lord in the consummation of his own purposes. The Almighty reigns and will continue to reign!

Therefore, at this season of the year, let personal discords be forgotten and animosities banished. Let rejoicing be heartfelt but not boisterous. Let gift giving be

as generous as circumstances will allow, but not extravagant. Let the hearts of the

children be made glad, and let us live that the spirit of the Prince of Peace may dwell in our homes.

*?>. AT9 okjj cySTr-P 0JyTy9 K7T& o/TV-*? o/Tj-P 9/TnaP WDECEMBER 1947 IFlDIIiltfe PHGE 797

JOSEPH SMITH

Thewereparentspoor people,of Josephbut highlySmith selfrespecting and of sturdy stock. They lived in the sparsely

inhabited state of Vermont at the beginning of the last century, where -.they had built their rock cabin and & CjjmJy* *y

cultivated the small tract of land which they had cleared. DescendPRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

ants of old Puritan stock of Massachusetts, they clung to their moral and religious ideals and practices. for a time, as if I were doomed to sudden meant the largest possible increase

life. that in men made known He in the destruction. old the wereThere home call to upon all powers exerting But, my that life is to be found might know of a Bunyan'sHoly Bible copy and this of the of out power deliver to me God their relationship with in a true atPilgrim's and Progress, me, seized from which upon had which enemy

Joseph learned to read. When the very moment when I was ready to sink Maker.

destructo myself despair abandon and of faith promises in the boy's The ten years of age,he was about ruin, to but to imaginary an his intotion—not into the the now'deepened Lord had to partparents the western moved the unfrom actual being of some power

of New York, where he lived during seen world, who had such marvelous power knowledge. The Book of Mormon

his boyhood days. The life led duras I had never before felt in any being translated from the gold plates was

ing this period strengthened his just at this moment of great alarm, I saw a given to the world, and in the month powerful physical body, which no pillar of light exactly over my head, above of May 1829, Joseph and Oliver strain of his later years seemed to thegraduallybrightnessuntil ofit thefell sun,uponwhichme. descended Cowdery were visited by a heavenimpair. Such stock became the backIt no sooner appeared than I found myly messenger, John the Baptist, who

bone of the frontier and from them self delivered from the enemy which held laid his hands upon their heads and came the men and women of the adme bound. When the light rested upon me conferred upon them the priesthood

brightness I Personages, whose two saw the of Aaron. This followed by was settlements country. of ourvanced

all standing description, glory defy and Peter, Apostles of the reliof the Itinerant preachers air. spake visitation in the of them One above me

gious sects of America passed from unto me, calling me by name, and said, James, and John, the ancient apostime to time the door of the Smith pointing to the other—"This is My Beloved tles of our Lord and Savior, who

home, and delivered tracts concernSon. Hear Him!"conferred upon Joseph the apostleto they ship themselves had which Christ."of the "Gospel ing Jesus spirit- a the to answer Here was in the ordained days been when interest, read with were They been conviction, for ual has which earth. Oliver the was on Jesus was difmissionaries the had came who into noble of thought the a woven priestto the also ordained same the opinion of concerning ferences of message today. people Joseph's the Prophet of messages hood. The gospel. young was Joseph boy The first richness, the with rang from to appealed few and a men women first the chapread and awakened comfort. boy beauty, and young The religious fervor. of came deep They five, particularly, ter, of the verse ultimate which the peace reached had their faith prayers to and know by Epistle of James: faith that brings. knew God He revelathat spoken. had The God

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask lives; that Jesus Christ lives; and tions of God were written by the

of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and that faith, repentance, and baptism Prophet and soon published under upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. by one divinely called opens the way the title of The Doctrine and Cove-

(James 1:5.) to eternal life. In that first prayer, he nants, which takes its place among

to given know, and in time was "the the prophetic books of all time. He retired to the woods one day and unsealed to him."story whole was

for in heaven prayed to his Father vision, a for visit of This it was God Iirtland, Ohio, was the first city light. In understanding and divine his Christ, the Father and Son Jesus

the following simple and lovely built by the Saints on the fronwords, Joseph Smith tells his own tier. The people were united under

story the Prophet in living according to the commandments of God, and After I had retired to the place where I they began their labor of building had previously designed to go, having with profound and undying zeal to alone, finding myself me, and looked around the awaken within themselves a sense to offer up began and I kneeled down desires of my heart to God. I had scarcely of the future and to prepare themdone so, when immediately I was seized selves for it. The quarrying and

upon by some power which entirely overhauling of the stone, the making of came me, and had such an astonishing inthe lumber and the nails and the so as to bind fluence over me my tongue shingles and all other things that darkness speak. Thick that I could not

gathered around me, and it seemed to me entered into the building of the tem798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pie make a story of sublime faith in life than that of the Prophet Joseph suffered bitter trials and persecuGod. Amid their poverty and sorSmith's statement: tions in their homes and settlements,

rows, they labored and prayed, but And the spirit and the body are the soul in Missouri and Illinois; and their

they finished a noble structure. of man. And the resurrection from the leader, the Prophet, suffered with

Says Daniel Tyler: dead is the redemption of the soul. {D. & them. In 1839, they made of Nau-

C. 88:15, 16.) voo a beautiful city, on the banks of

those I seen humble, often have How after toiling These verses recognize the fact that the Mississippi River, under hisfaithful servants Lord, of the all day in the quarry, or on the building, God created man in his own image, leadership. It was one of the most

when the walls were in course of erection, and that the body of man is divine. imposing cities of the frontier at

weary and faint, yet with cheerful counteThis truth gives the key to the highthat time. Its beauty lay in its spirretiring withnances, to their homes a few er moral values of life. The human itual life, otherwise its history was that donated. corn mealpounds of had been

And in the case of those who lacked a cow body is to be held sacred at all told in figures and statistics. In the

to give a little milk, the corn meal was times. Such thought produces a history of the world the religious

sometimes for days together, all that they new mind and lies at the foundation spirit has moved men to great secutheir families subsist to upon.and had coldiscovery, tasks, including all of classes of peolar reform among

little butter, flour, or a meat cameWhen of onization, converting and the All ple today. things—"Earthly luxuries.in, they were

goods, earthly relations, the earthly people, but it has not often directed

In this holy house, February 14, life itself are to be consecrated to their energies to the making of 1835, the Prophet appointed and his holy purposes."This ideal of the cities. One always thinks of the

ordained the Twelve Apostles, sanctity of the human body immodern city as standing for trade, and two weeks later, February 28, pressed upon us that the religious for business, for theaters, and for 1835, the First Council of the Sevspirit which we develop must explaces of amusement. There are the

enty was called and given its place press itself in the actual world, in noise of the street, the whistles of as the third great Council of the creating institutions which shall railroad engines, the activity of trade.

Church. make for righteousness. It was, however, the spiritual life

of Nauvoo that made the city distinct.

In time there developed a civic conscience which made it one of the most outstanding spiritual and religious cities of American history. In

a study of the history of Nauvoo, we are reminded of the words of

Lord Chief Justice Russell:

Civilization is not dominion, wealth, material luxury; nay, not even a great literature and education widespread, good

though those things be. Its true signs are

thought for the poor and suffering, chivalrous regard and respect for woman, the frank recognition for human brotherhood irrespective of color or nation or religion, the love of ordered freedom, abhorrence of what is mean and cruel and vile, and ceaseless devotion to the claims of justice.

The priesthood of God governed

Nauvoo. It lived in the midst of the

material, working in and through it, and directing it to higher ends. The

The building, a beautiful creation The Lord created men of the earth, town had its industries; and beyond

of architecture, still stands, a tribHe endued them with strength by themin the country, wheat farms and selves, ute to the planning of Joseph Smith. And made them according to his image, wellkept orchards stretched out in

There is the simple pure outline of And put the fear of man upon all flesh, almost endless vision. What money

walls and windows and doors. And gave him dominion over beasts and the people acquired was the result

While it has lost its sanctity, it tells fowls. of hard work and faith in their

eyes, tongue, and andof a fargone day when the people Counsel, ideals and dreams. Little was spent Ears, and he gave them to under- a heart,said: "We will build temples to our stand. for luxuries, and none for debasing

God."And this they have done. Withal he filled them with the knowledge pleasures. Again the Prophet urged

The influence of the temples on famof understanding, the building of a temple to God; and

ily life alone gives them a divine And shewed them good and evil. like the one at Kirtland, the Nauvoopurpose. The covenant of marriage (Apocrypha—Ecclesiasticus 17: 1, 3, 4, 6-9. Temple was built for sacred puris for eternity, and the children born poses. Quring the period, 1830 to 1846,to parents will always be theirs.

the formative period of the As the Saints crossed the MissisNo greater truth was ever uttered Church, the Latterday Saints were sippi River on their way westfor man's guidance to the higher always on the frontier where they {Continued on page 800)

DECEMBER 1947 799 JOSEPH SMITH - PROPHET

(Continued from page 799) were taught the simple folklore of tions, and wonderful specimens of genius for almost the gracing that world have beenward in quest of new homes, they the people. Their recreation forms

... foundathe forming six thousand years

kept this holy house in their lingerthe basic plans for the Primary and tion for the best library of the world.

ing gaze, and as they saw it in the Mutual Improvement Associations eastward light, they had the vision of today. A Methodist minister, the Rev.

of another haven of rest where they Every religious body of America Mr. Briar, in writing about the city,

would build again a temple to their found welcome there, for everyone said in 1843:

God. And they sang the words of was squarely behind the spirit of the I found one of the most romantic places

the psalmist: charter granted to Nauvoo by the I had visited in the West. The buildings

,. bore the marks of neatness which I Mark ye well her bulwarks, consider her state legislature. Among the first.

in equalled this country. seen not The had tell that generathepalaces; it to ye may the city council acts was passed by

hill the of at the plain far spread bottom is this following. ourtion For God God a resolution presented by Joseph such habitations with dotted with over was will guide ever: he our befor ever and

even unto death. (Psalm 48:1314.) Smith, thanking the governor and majestic profusion that I was almost willing

The Lord will giveth strength unto his the legislature of the state of Illinois to believe myself mistaken, and instead of people; the Lord will bless his people with "for their unparalleled liberality,"being in Nauvoo, Illinois, among the Morpeace. (Psalm 29:11.) and for the powers which the charmons,Leghorn.that I was in Italy at the city of

Joseph Young of the First Counter conferred.

cil of the Seventy, who was left in The Prophet Joseph Smith had The St. Louis Atlas described

Nauvoo at the time of the exodus, large industrial projects in mind, Nauvoo as one of the most beautigave the first prayer of dedication one of which was to improve the ful cities in America.

in the temple and has left us a true wharves, to facilitate the landing of The city had been scarcely three years, and beautiful picture of how the peosteamboats within the city. A charand by a people who came to it nearly

ple lived, for they were ever on erter was granted for the erection of destitute of every worldly thing, but it is rands of mercy, or watching by the a dam, upwards of a mile long impossiblegreater claimthatfor aimprovementcity could effectedpresent ina bed of the sick, and relieving the across the Mississippi to connect the same amount of time by the industry suffering. They were busy with with an island so as not to interfere of its own inhabitants than did Nauvoo.

their pursuits during the week, but with the main channel of the river.... The city presented wellbuilt houses,

and gardens, wellcultivated farms a at and build to in mind was work The the Sabbath,on day, every and intelligence of and pattern... common best the harbors of on one Nauvoo faiththere a life of as well as was virtue. everyday

of works, a life born of penitence the river, and to make possible the and forgiveness, a "life of profound building of large mills for the makHThe Saints were looking forward and vital belief of consecration to a ing of flour and other articles of to the day when they would go together manufacturwith the food,personal and Redeemer."Maker could they to the where far West,

silk, of cotton, woolen, iron, and that created ing There were forces for their Prophet their homes, build the cultural and religious life of the earthenware. The vision of the and leader had declared that the

city of Nauvoo. Schools were supProphet extended to all activities of Saints would some day find refuge

ported; a university was chartered; education. We have mentioned the in the vales of the Rocky Mountains

and courses were announced in the schools and university of Nauvoo, where they would become a mighty classics, science, and philosophy. A and in January 1845, the building people. This their neighbors could

dramatic company was organized, of a Seventies'library was under not understand, for it was a time of and the plays of Shakespeare were way, for the need cognate to misintense political differences: a time

enacted. There was a ceaseless iterasionary endeavor was felt for a of terrible religious hatred. The

tion of the higher purposes of life complete reference library. Says the fields of the Saints had always inwhich gave security to the moral Times and Seasons: creased; their means of living were

order on the streets and in social The concern has commenced on a footconstantly enlarged in number and groups. Meetinghouses were built ing broad enough to embrace the arts and beauty; their neighbors multiplied;

the that Seventies, so sciences everywhere; asas well comfortable of homes held of life, hope, sweetener the and

of globe, the face the over traveling while brick.wellmade a spirThere was establishing of the to out dream them Soldiers, gather the Lord's and Regular as

lifeitual to the city, for a power settled, the Saints Zion. things, both all Wherever natural curious and the

righteousness because the governartificial, with all the knowledge, inventhey changed the wilderness into ment was an example of fine civic fruitful farms. They acquired proptemper. erty, and the love of property is inThe Prophet's concern for the dispensable to sound morals.

welfare of his people compelled him Today a people of fine religious to initiate the first great plan for the ideas and ideals are living in the betterment of the entire membership. vales of the Rocky Mountains—as

So clear was his foresight that he their Prophet Joseph Smith enviorganized the women of the Church sioned. They have built temples and

into a Relief Society, which gives tabernacles, schools and universities.

aid and comfort as well as instruc- A theater became a shrine for the tion in various fields to its members. artists and celebrated actors of the

And the children were not forgotworld. It marked the progress and

ten, for they played their games and (Concluded on page 837) 800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHRISTMAS Loomed to oLee 6 Lreek

By C. FRANK STEELE

great day, their first was summer when the settlers thought of her old home—home in gether for the

It arrived at Lee's Creek and the mountains. And she wondered Christmas in Canada.

besides in if colony the its someone along pitched their tents towering the and Christmas, Pame of Christmas. think herself would of summerwooded the banks—the tree from brought community think herself did besides Someone the pioafter1887. morning The fathers of the group mountains by a she would Christmas. this of Of course, giving arrived,neers it snowed, gifts and decorawith ablaze of was she thought of Christmas; think party from Cachecovered wagon Christtions. some were even There one Zina"Yes, "AuntValley a greeting to Canada they everything. tradiin the twinkling candles her mas to the mothers day invited all forgot.never branches. tional manner among the

children allowed. That home, no the immigrants In the tents where Card's President in tree was with The suspicious mighty looked to keep campfireshuddled around it the around home, hospitable and

themselveshome—homewarm,in thetheremountains.was talk of ChristmasOther secretso close.gatherings were childrenreceiving dancedtheir ingiftssurprisefromandSantajoy,

"Mom, you said we would be held. "Aunt Zina,"wife of the beClaus.

home tonight,"whimpered fourloved President Card and daughThe grownups came in later to yearold Wilford Woolf, and there ter of President Brigham Young, enjoy the festivities with their chilwere tears in his questioning eyes. called it a Sewing Club, and it was. dren and to exchange Christmas

"My dear, we are home. This will Out of scrap bags brought with greetings and best wishes for the

be home from now on,"said the them from Utah, these mothers and New Year! "Merry Christmas!"

mother bravely. their older girls extracted an amazchimed the kiddies as they kissed But Wilford was puzzled. "But ing variety of things—bits of silk, their mothers and fathers, and

Mom, if this is home where are all satin, and plush, thread, beads, butChristmas carols were sung.

the houses?"tons, and what not. Sewing maThen in the individual homes

He had looked around in wonchines they had none, but the womChristmas feasts were served, just der as had his mother and all the en did have thimbles and needles, as Sister Woolf had assured Wilmothers in President Card's party pins and scissors, and they were all ford they would be. And they were

who had left Logan two months beexpert sewers, especially "Aunt feasts indeed! Delicious, bakedfore for the north—North to the Zina"who directed the work. prairie chicken and pheasants werePrairies—to found a new settlement It was fun for these enthusiastic an appropriate substitute for turkey.

for the Saints. allies of Santa Claus as they fashThe wild fowl and dressing, vegetaWilford looked out of the tent. ioned clever workbags; rag dolls bles grown in the pioneer gardens

"Mom, it's snowing!"he cried, and with bodies made of flour sacks and that summer, cakes, and steamed

not without delight added: "It'll stuffed with wool; bright balls for puddings made from dried fruits

soon be Christmas, I guess. Will the boys and other playthings all these bounties of the land were enwe have Santa Claus here, Mom?"tucked neatly away for the festive joyed to the full that first ChristMom said there would be a Santa season. Christmas stockings were mas on Lee's Creek.

Claus and gifts, too, and a big made of mosquito netting which the That night the immigrants held

Christmas dinner with all the trimSaints had also brought with them. their first dance, also at the Card

mings. And Wilford was laughing In the summer it had been useful in home. The oneman orchestra conas he ventured outside into this new, the homes, now it was to serve ansisted of Brother La Grande Robinstrange world where it snowed in other and more colorful purpose. son with his mouth organ. But he

June and which was to be home Along with the toys the women soon wasn't to be denied his fun, for he from now on. had homemade candy, a few nuts, danced with the belles of the ball as

And the mother pondered these and one lone orange gathered tohe played rollicking old tunes on things and tucked that thought of his harmonica.

Christmas close to her heart. It reIt was near midnight when Brothmained there as the summer waned er Robinson put his mouth organ in

and autumn brought the first harvest his pocket, and President Card and the quiet change from green to closed the happy Christmas party gold and yellow and brown in the with prayer, a prayer of thanksgivbrush along Lee's Creek. ing and blessing that filled every

heart with gladness as parents

HpHEN came the snow and at night joined their children in little log the haunting call of the geese cabins in the new village on Lee's flying south. And the mother Creek.

DECEMBER 1947 801 EDITORIAL NOTE

things odd and happen Qtrange FROM DISTANT *"-* about to bring converge events the gospel message of spreading the

In desperation took work as a servant Zara, I opened a small dry goods lands of all to peoples and climes.

this brief account of the conversion in the home of a strange Armenian store with part of my savings and of Nishan Krikor Sherinian of Zara, family who promised to pay me one also purchased about fifty acres of

Sivas, Armenia, to the Church of piaster (four cents) a day. They farming land, hiring some men with

Saints, Christ of Latterday Jesus provwith teams to work save that we said they money would my me—and fascinatcompletely a on happened ventures. in ing successful both at once, but pay and me all for me the loses that nothing from ing story

fact that it is wholly true. after I had worked for nearly two Tntil my twentyfourth year I

In order to preserve as much as years and had received not one had little training in religion. I

Sharinian's possible Brother serving of for style the piaster work my hard I felt that day some had always is first person although employed, family, the of the six members while even and be a minister I would itself has the story been necessarily condensed. quit them and went to learn the in Constantinople had appealed to

barber trade from a distant cousin the Board of American Missions to of mine who would pay me thirty send me to America for training as piasters ($1.20) a month as his ap- a minister. They consented to send

I for to gladly work, prentice. went I in did to a but school Turkey, me I died was when mother I I vocation. had could a have now there. to school attend not want old, eight and but days time short for only when a I worked I I Zara, to returned When little of village in the lived I of death of the received my wordMy of learned which church a was new grandmothwith Armenia, Zara, my his 1, leaving 1877, father, May Christ.""Disciples called of And over father, heartbroken er. situation My desperate in very a family in a bitter during 1884, December needing of mother and the death my debt a unfinished house and with an I baptized. storm, was posthan was to more money earn in dollars, eighty which of around I 29, be1885, was May On to little village, this in sible went large that at a time was Armenia fifth to cousin, Rebecca, trothed my remained he where Constantinople sum. in schools. our were a teacher We years. I of nine the until age reached

half later, a a married year and No-

I suffered felt I had he married though he returned, When a "Pven 23, 1886, she vember was when

I time, had two father's neglect, a widow who second from my I twentysix, eighteen and and was little girls of and her own, by consciwhom dictates of the obeyed my wife husband by were and made son. a daughters three obligations. and these he had ence assumed and minister baptized the same had who

in small little his lost a I father money myself hard, denying worked My I into a me. had moved home We diffiit found venture and family business the pleasures, sending money lived building completed where we turned family. his off cult support time, to paying He to time and from first for four years. happily Our hard again he was but also. farming, father's to debt my child, daughter a named we whom

I maintain clothing and diligent to to buy put master saw how My for here mother, Arick born was my family. goodsized his for raised a wages many home and was my this in 1887. 6, house, November

until I I could as well finally I as until in him years, helped times two

I to consider Meanwhile, began

I age. of had I fifteen years twenty hundred earning one was was situation. religious seriously our We school to origthe so to go of desired instead much piasters a month local chapel, minister or and no had

and even had the opportunity when inal thirty. This together with the so used my house for our gatherthe American missionaries asked my gifts my customers gave me helped ings. I wrote to the headquarters of

father to allow me to come to their considerably. I also set up a busithe church in Constantinople and educate me would selling they of side: that school where ness on the for to out and exasked someone come

or a minister. a teacher to Turkish breads tra me and make meats and ordithat elder ordain so such an

it, allow not father would business Finally, soldiers. But was my my baptism, as the sacrament, nances

I the only boy master that was I took because old so good my funerals could in as weddings, be adand Therefarm. the to help on half inter- a gave partner enough him and ministered to the rule of according

I to get some as was fore, anxious est.

of the the the Lord. church law and limited schooling was following five education, years the During my that received should word we We per- I winters I was apprenticeship, when of to years a few four my officiate select to the then and man school small town a attend trade, to mitted master only not became of my to elderly ordain ask an him an man teachers who off father's poor debts very taught paid also by but my minister. or elder very were We to time vacation their liras spending eighty Turkish were saved and

in desire to sincere select our the teach. ($360).

Finally, when I reached fifteen After nine years in Constantiyears of age, I decided that I could nople I decided to return to my native no longer stay in this house where I city of Zara in spite of the pleadings felt that I was not wanted, and I left of my partner and his attempt to get for Constantinople, where I was me to marry a fine girl in one of the alone, friendless and penniless. English schools in Constantinople,

Work was hard to get because I whose picture he showed me.

had learned no trade. I finally in Five days after I had returned to

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LANDS rrom ike

Ju,tobioaraphu of NISHAN K. SHERINIAN

right person, so we fasted for six others and listened to the missionelder and sent of God to preach days and gathered on the seventh ary, and I returned a second and a his gospel?"

day to select our minister. third night. We talked until midElder Hintze had answered:

While we were doing our work night, asking questions and discuss- "Brother Sherinian, I cannot give as well as we could and had coming important things, reluctant.to faith to you—faith comes from God.

pleted our new chapel, one of the take our leave of him. Go home and read John, Chapter 7:

members came to me and said, "ToThe news was not long in travel16, 17, and you will 'know of the day there came a Latterday Saint ing, and soon I was berated sounddoctrine, whether it be of God, or missionary to your fatherin-law's ly for attending these meetings. whether I speak of myself.'

house, with Dicran Shahabian (our Even my stepmother was called into When the man went away, they minister who has already joined this the berating. She began to weep, were very angry with me. I tried to

Church in Sivas, ) and he preaches saying, "Surely, you will go to Zion comfort my stepmother, saying that some new religion, called Mormonand leave us all here in a miserable I would do what was right, and addism. Come, let us see what he has to condition."ing, "If you will also accept Morsay."I answered them all alike: "If the monism and are willing to go to

I replied, "Do not follow after Lord reveals to me that this man is Zion, I will keep you with me whersuch a new thing. There are many indeed sent of God and if Mormonever I go."As I went to bed, I

new churches today that we do not ism is true, I would accept the docprayed long and earnestly that I know about. We already have one, trines of this Church."Even that might know the truth.

and that is enough for us."But even very night I had said one thing to

as I spoke, a thought came suddenElder Hintze: "So far as I can un- 'T'he next morning, October 6,

ly into my mind: By what right did derstand, your words are all true, 1888, I went to my store with

I forbid others to go, and why did and your Church is better than other a heavy heart. Elder Hintze came

I not go myself? If this man had churches. I have been seeking truth in, and, observing my depressed

something better, more nearly right, all my life. I am willing to become state of mind, hesitated to address

I would be held accountable for re- a member of your Church through me. Suddenly he said, calling me

jecting the word of God. the door of baptism, but how do I by name, "I have been watching you

So that night I went with the know that you are an authorized {Concluded on page 804)

DECEMBER 1947 803 FROM DISTANT LANDS (Concluded from page 803) as enemies and spread malicious us and divided up the city of Zara for quite awhile and saw that your stories and betrayed us. They tried among themselves, intending to kill

face was sad."I told him then that to defame our good reputation beus and loot our property. But the

I had dreamed after I had gone to fore the government and to damage Lord saved us through their own sleep the night before and that I us financially. I went on a short prominent man, Isah Bey, who orwondered about the possible meanmission for the Church, and some of ganized an army of his own and

ing of this dream. In the dream, my our own kin set a snare, and upon scattered the fanatic ringleaders.

fatherin-law, my two cousins, and my return I was thrown into prison. During the following six years

I were seated on the floor with our While I was there, my son became the animosity and hatred between

Bibles in our hands and were havill with pneumonia and died. My the Turks and Armenians became

ing a gospel discussion. My fatherwife suffered terribly at this time, so unbearable that we could not

inlaw and I were defending Morand I was unable to console her. But even visit each other's homes or

monism, and my two cousins were through all these trials we remained meet together for the purpose of defending the Disciples of Christ. faithful to the gospel, and I preachworship.

We could not be reconciled. Then ed for ninety days to the other prisFinally, after fourteen years

the outer door opened, and a strange oners. of faithful work in the Church,

man entered the room, saying, "My I opened up a little business again we planned our departure from our friends, do not argue in vain, for and took time also to preach. My native land in order to go to Zion.

these two are right,"and he pointed wiife at this time finished a beautiful This was a difficult task, for we to my fatherin-law and me. Then rug which we gave to the Salt Lake had to get our passports from the

he disappeared. Then in my dream Temple to be used in the room of Turkish government, and we could

we closed our Bibles and looked at the Council of the Twelve. The gift not sell any of our goods; when we

each other in amazement. My fawas accepted through President left, we must promise never to rether-inlaw stood up and, pointing a Lorenzo Snow, who wrote to her his turn.

finger at me, said, "Nishan, you and appreciation, with his compliments When we were ready to go, we

I will accept, but these will not acand blessings. had the equivalent of $900.00 in

cept."I awoke and knew that Then rugs, a few carcash, six Turkish arose between Cerious trouble now

it dream. was a necessities other bedding, and and pets, government the Turkish

Elder Hintze smiled and said, the Armenian people, who were for our future home. There were

"Brother Sherinian, indeed the Lord massacred by the fanatic Turks and six of us, my wife, our three childirectly and promptly answered wild Kurds. But the Lord was very dren, myself, and my second cousin,

your sincere prayer, because the merciful towards us and protected Nishan M. Gogian. We left behind

strange man who testified about the us openly. Our city was not motwenty-four members of the Church

two of you was right, and when lested, and not one single soul was and twelve children. On October 8,

your fatherin-law said that you and killed, although three times the 1902, at three o'clock in the afterhe would accept and the other two Turks prepared their swords against noon, the six of us started on our would not, he was right again, for long journey to Zion. There were

yesterday I baptized Nigoghos (my gathered together many people on fatherin-law) and ordained him an the outskirts of our city—relatives,

elder in the Church, and you will be AFTER THE HURRIED YEARS neighbors, and friends, both Armethe second one."By Dorothy J. Sartori nians and Mohammedans, and even

With a heart full of gladness I some of our city officials to bid us told Brother Hintze to take me into Within her mind she stirs a living emfarewell with tears and lamentaber.the waters of baptism. With two is long for dreaming in Decemtions; many of them followed us for The night

other elders we went to the Kezel ber—miles as if they could not depart

Ermak River, and he baptized me, And memory leaps into a lucid flame from us.

and then confirmed me a member of TheAs shefallingrecallssnoweachhaslovecontractedmounded pathname.and We arrived safely and happily

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latsill, in Salt Lake City, November 26, terday Saints, on October 6, 1888. Unmarked by footprints, and the house is 1902. And that night we were restill.

The tinseled tree has shrunk to table size; ceived by the Church as new guests

"pOR the next few years I worked Unchallenged now by lights in children's at the Tithing House, and in the hard to take care of my family, Are eyesboughclipped candles. But from out morning, which was the American

but things went from bad to worse. the years Thanksgiving, Brother F. F. Hintze

tears tall fir in revives a woman's in all real The to us finally took divided our and his home cameWe silence her of room, the empty scent To let a small use usestate, propHolladay goods, and household and fruit in the gloom. a nimbus Its rainbow

erties according to the custom of From far in the stillness the past returns: house of his for temporary resithat land. HereHere, atoo,gift aglitters;winsometheredolla isbluequaintlystar burns;pert, dence.

Finally, in May 1891, my wife With amber light pooled on a bouffant The story of our lives in America skirt;was baptized with her mother. From there a tiny table, set for two: is interesting, too, but uppermost in And

the day of our baptism it seemed to Wee carriages, a tufted robe as blue our hearts was gratitude for the us that the adversary rose against As evening shadows on December snow privilege of going to the Lord's us in full force. Even our own famAAlwayschild'sthegladmemorycry, a starryof longrocketago drawn house and being made a family

ilies and relatives turned against us Across the mist of every Christmas dawn. group for time and eternity.

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

jL. REMAINED &LJ WHO

letter into mitted. dated Salt Lake came was NoThe whoThose 26, addressed groups 1 848, the first with Valley of vember and was

pioneers suffered hardships to her uncle, aunt, and cousins arba U. /Josephsthat overwhelm with their starkness.

The miles they covered in wagon or ASSOCIATE EDITOR You will, I expect, think it very unon foot take on a sanctity because kind of me not answering your letter of the tragedies those early immibefore this, but we have been so ungrants suffered. The pitiless heat need to make their own trek westsettled that I have not written to anyof the summer sun and the merciless ward when the time should finally body.... I have got a very good huscold of the winter winds twist our arrive that they too might gather band. His name is Charles Lambert.

cutter and a stone by mason He is hearts with their recalled ferocity. with the Saints. trade. David, and Angus, I have...

And yet it is not in us to feel any Many of those who remained beLeonora [her younger brothers and sislasting sorrow for them: they did hind could not obtain even the low ter] living with me, and also I havethat which they had to do—and, prices that those who left had obtwo fine boys of my own.... George

above all else, what they desired to tained for their land. The reasoning and Ann [her other brother and sister]

do. of those who wished the land was went to Salt Lake with Aunt Taylor

That may seem to be an unseaobvious: Why should they spend [Leonora Cannon Taylor, wife of

President John Taylor]. I have hadsoned statement to make—what they good money, little as it was, for that

desired to do! Yet it is indeed true. which would surely be theirs for several letters from them. They like

well. have should the country very We toNaturally, did not they wish time, sufnothing, after within a short the Indians but went, they gone when did, desire did fer as they but they to forced been had the Mormons oxen. killed of our three yoke

to leave a hostile land and come west leave?

I history a small will give you now that theirto land the Prophet, Jostill Persecution they endured since through of passed what we we Smith, envisioned; theyseph had left those behind; privawere who left of the sailed 18 on England. We in to settledesired area, free a new tion theirs to greater an even was demother dear our and September,

from the persecution and hatred of degree. But their faith in their reliparted this life on the 28 of October.

neighbors. The tragedy of that trek gion was stronger even than it had [She was buried at sea.] We did not

must not and could not be minibeen previously. Without the force get to Nauvoo until April the 12, and

mized: setting out in midwinter with of great numbers who could back February the 28 Father got married to

inadequate supplies of food, cloththem up when times became worse, a widow. Her name was Mary White.

ing, and bedding, even though they they had to face things alone, exHe went to St. Louis in about six

after married. he months was all When that uncould they gatheredhad for cept their the of few members strained there he a he been had week their direction the inspired der of families might have remained who first lifting, the his with day and back traveling leader, Brigham Young; soliwith the them. feeling of Thus sick, he to and he took he went work desoover day onweary day weary darity that to persecuted comes a died o'clock at leave to he and 2 had

late land, forsaken and by man are,.. people together denied who was night. Stepmother the at 10 same

beast, with shifting sands crowding those who remained behind. They had a little girl six months after he

out all but the sparsest vegetation; had to remove from Nauvoo, the died. Her name is Elizabeth. George

reaching mountains terrifying in city of their hearts, and seek employ- [Q. Cannon] had gone to learn the

their magnificence and in the diffiment in areas fardistant, where printing business after Father's death.

culty of their ascent and descent; they were not known. Frequently Aunt took Ann to live with her, and

entering a valley where one lone tree they had to leave their loved ones in Charles took the rest of them. He betestified to the doubtful fertility of another region in desperate need and haves like a father to them.

I expect you heard of the battle of the soil; and finally planting crops send back the money they earned to

there at the time late in the year in a region where help relieve the needs of those left Nauvoo. We were

finished. for waiting our to be wagon best, at season, the growing was

it life behind. No, easy no was battle painting the were it when for They things the these out cry short—all those could trek the not make who fell quite cannonballs commenced. The first pioneers quality the of stalwart pioneers. of the with bodies the main drivhouse. our thick around were We the to from West. Nauvoo

en across the river without receiving

And so, not desiring to rob them of "pxAMPLES in legion could be menone cent for our property. We had

their glory, we would like to tioned of these unsung folk who forty acres of land on the prairie and a had to We ruthless turn our minds to those who could remained behind in hostile lands and cityleavelotitwithall toa bricka wickedhouse.and

faithful gospel. to the yet remained the first immigrants with not come Bluffs. started for Council mob. We

is letters prethat of the their in spite In one of most earnest who I got Creek, got to Soap we When desire, must remain behind, still to served, sent from St. Joseph, Misrun over. Both wheels went over my

face those who were unfriendly, to souri, to Brooklyn, Long Island, and back. There was thirty hundred weight

try to earn a meager living from written by Mary Alice Cannon on the wagon at the time. They took

those who despised them; to struggle Lambert, are voiced the feelings of me up for dead, but with the blessing

to assemble from a hostile commumany who would like to gather with of the Lord, I was enabled to be about nity those supplies which they would the Saints had circumstances per- {Concluded on page 849)

DECEMBER 1947 805 denly with tears, and she choked on the words, "No, I think your clothes sat in the Mae up. rather are hung were They

familiarschoolroom L|ylalistening to the the hangers, crooked they TOO MANY but on voice of the teacher talking about up. getting betwere You're hung

Itmythology. interesting an was

I'm of you."proud ter, and "I'm afraid not, Honey. Butsubject in spite the of funny names

like Jupiter and Juno. Yet, today The girl looked at her inexpenyou'll have a nice time. And when

she was not interested in it; it just sive watch, she was getting impa- I come home, we will have a new

didn't matter whether the Greeks or tient. Anyway, whatever it was baby sister or brother."

Trojans won the war. It didn't matcouldn't be too important. Things Lyla Mae clenched her small fists

ter. just sort of got out of focus when on the table, "I won't have a nice

I don't want a baby sister or She was thinking of her mother women were going to have babies; time;

cried over the funniest things, brother, either one. I don't want youand the conversation they had had Mama

this morning. She could see the like now for instance. And she to have a baby. There are too many

like didn't to see her cry. said, She children in the world now."kitchen, clean withwarm Mama sit-

..."got "Gee, I've to hurry beand at her; just looked Her motherting across the table buttering the

toast and not looking at her just as gan cramming the last of her toast the girl expected her to speak, to though she weren't going to speak into her mouth. tell her to stop speaking like that,

while all the time Lyla Mae knew something; but she only looked at

better. She knew when Mama's her; and her chin gave a funny litmouth set that certain way that there tle tremble.

were important things going to be Then Lyla Mae went and got said, things Mama didn't want to into her coat and boots, put her say but felt she must. scarf on, dallying a little as she did

Lyla Mae went ahead eating her so, hoping her mother would say wheat cereal, and after a moment something, scold her, anything at all

Mama began softly, "Honey, you're so that she could say she was sorry.

not going to like this, I know. NeiBut her mother just sat still at the

ther do I. But it just can't be table, staring straight ahead of her.

helped."The girl lcoked out of the clean 1 HE girl sitting in her seat, window, at the crispy, white snow, third row from the left, sixth seat, the clear blue sky, and wondered moved restlessly. She felt that she

what her mother could possibly tell was sick, more so than when she had her that could spoil this joyfeeling measles or whooping cough. There

inside of her. It was so near to was a terrible lump in her throat

Christmas, and she always felt like and one in the middle of her stomthis, warm and good, and wildly ach. Nothing Mama could have

happy as though she would like to said would have hurt her nearly as break out and sing, sing Christmas much as that silence, that hurt, tercarols like had been coming over rible silence. And she deserved it,

the radio for days and would come MamaImportantdidn'tthingswant wereto say,goingbutto feltbe said,she thingsmust. she had said she didn't want the

almost constantly in the next week. baby—she guessed that wasn't exWhatever her mother told her to do, actly true. She had thought she

she would do willingly. If Mother "Yes, I know. Well, what I wanted it all the time, she had tried

was cross about something Lyla wanted to tell you was that the docto be thrilled thinking of sharing her

Mae had done, she would apologize. tor thinks I may be in the hospital room with it, letting its small crib

..."She didn't wait stand under her window. MaybeNothing could be very wrong today for Christmas

or this next week. Why, they even for an answer but hurried on, swiftunderneath she hadn't ever really

got out of school on Friday for ly, trying not to betray the catch in wanted it all the time; she had tried

nearly two whole weeks. her voice, "You and Daddy can go about sharing Mama and Daddy

She looked at her mother expectout to Grandma's for dinner; you'll with somebody else. After all, she

antly, saying, "Yes, Mama, what is have a nice day."had had all of their love for

it?"years. It wasn't easy to know she

"You're a big girl now..."L/YLA Mae stopped chewwas just going to be pushed aside

Jeepers, maybe she'd forgotten to ing her toast; it seemed for a now for a fuzzyhaired baby that

hang her clothes up in her room. moment that she even stopped they could just as well have got

She really wanted to be more orderbreathing. The bright sunlight disalong without.

ly, but somehow she was always so appeared, and it was as if a cloud She didn't know where she had rushed. She. said, "If it's my clothes, lay over the whole world. heard the remark that there were

I'll run in and hang them up now.""Not for Christmas, Mother,"too many children in the world, but

She knew her mother couldn't stoop she said seriously, with determinashe'd heard it somewhere. Maybe

much in her condition; she surely tion. "Doctors don't know everyit was true; she didn't know. Suredidn't want her to either. thing. You'll be home for Christly one child less wouldn't make

Her mother's eyes brimmed sudmas; I know you will."much difference. It was the baby's

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said to Daddy, "We'll have to hurtt ry. j 5u Lhrldtie cU.and Looted Without waiting for anything theChildren y man picked up Mama and started

out with her, telling the girl to open told the door. out, he he went As alone; maybe just be Daddy (L QhhlidmaA. Stoty* would her, Cecile good girl. Aunt "Be a for a few minutes. dropped by

She ran up the three cement steps, will be here to get you. If I am not

fault that they had this quarrel. opened the door a little slowly, for back, you can stay there tonight."

She guessed she really didn't like it all of a sudden it occurred to her Mama turned in his arms to throw though she shouldn't have said so that Mama might have told Daddy her a kiss though her eyes still had to her mother. She would go home how bad she had been. Maybe he their pain look, and all she seemed

and apologize as soon as school was had come home to punish her. After to really be thinking about was getout instead of playing in the snow all, he took awful good care of ting to the hospital. Lyla Mae

like the other children. She would Mama now, and they both were so watched through the window, saw

put her arms about the beautiful anxious that the baby would be all Daddy having difficulty getting the lady and squeeze her until she right.

would guess just a little bit how She walked in, closed the door much she loved her. softly behind her. She didn't even

But she wouldn't say she really dare call her usual, bright, "Hello."

wanted the baby. That would be But her mother had heard her, and

lying and she mustn't lie. Especially she called from the bedroom, "Is

that you, Honey?"not before Christmas now—just "Yes,"she answered, and then, talking about when everyone was

the birth of the Christ Child and "What's Daddy doing home?"

how great and good he was. She went toward the bedroom,

As she neared the pretty little before her mother could answer, brick colonial house with its shinand saw from the hall that the woman was sitting on the edge of the bed, fully dressed in coat and hat much"Butdifference."maybe just one child wouldn't make

and boots. A look of hurting was

on her pale face. Lyla Mae asked

quickly, "What is it, Mama?"door of the car open and wanted to

help, to let out them and know in she before came had run Daddy it use, of but he had she some was to his answer, time and hand off soon. drove too, and open They

girl's the gently very touched head as he told her, "Mother has to go to she was left standing alone in the the hospital now. When she comes quietest house she had ever been in.

home, we will have a. new baby.

Won't that be fine?"1 HAT night she slept in a

strange bed at Aunt Cecile's, but she lay awake for a long time and looked out of the window at the clear, cold sky, and somehow kept thinking of the words she had heard there hope would be "What for again on the radio, "Above thy deep if it for chilthe world weren't dren?"and dreamless sleep, the silent stars

go by."To her, it was the prettiest

of all the Christmas songs. It was

almost like a lullaby, and as it kept singing through her mind, she grew sleepier and sleepier. Just before she ing windows and the holly wreath Lyla Mae gulped, "I—I guess fell asleep she thought what a nice

already in one of them, she slowed so,"she stammered, then threw her lullaby it would be to sing to a little as she noticed step for a her moment kissed arms and her mother about baby. new baby—their that front car Daddy's was in again, of the her again the cheek on and Yet, in the morning, realizing

house. She wondered what he was "I love you so,"she murmured, "I anew that Mama was gone, that

doing home this time of the afterdidn't mean what I said this mornDaddy didn't have time to be very noon. She would be happy to see ing—"interested in her and that her

of course, him, she but hoped had spoiled, the resentwas it Christmas too, kissed her mother but Her that the she might have and Mama like pricked again at ment her a kiss, a quick, she was funny and rest to talk alone, of the and day large, pin. sharp quiet She and was sort of her pushed from her away visit. that she help could with her So sure she sad and never was would

dinner, maybe even bake a cake. So and gave a little groan. Her eyes be really happy again no matter how

that she could let her know how sorwere strange, and she didn't seem to long she lived.

ry she was. Well, they probably have heard the words, for she just {Cdntihtted on page 838)

DECEMBER 1947 807 CHRISTMAS PEACE

that starry night nearlySince years two thousand ago when in \Jvir Jeromes clearedkeep yourup—offownlivingpersonalroom couches,things

the hope of peace on earth and hall tables, and bathroom floors?

good will towards men was quickBy MARY BRENTNALL Or do you drop your things wherened at the birth of the Savior, ever you go—leaving a trail of nyChristmas has become the brightest lons and curlers between bedroom,

spot on our calendar. It is the "perbathroom, and hall? Or if you are a

fectdays—betterday."Itthanis betterall otherthanholidaysbirthballboy, teams'do you suitspark andthe wardballs basketon theput together—because its delights dining room table? Do you leave the

have, somehow, touched a large telephone book on the floor, the part of the world and have grown record album on the chair, the encumulatively through the generacyclopedias piled up by the furnace tions, adding increasing joy to each register, the new magazine on the individual. Christmas is celebrated phones, the running of errands. Perbed, your skiis ready to tumble on

in our churches, our schools, and haps your part of the work lies in the nearest head, cupboard doors our industries; but its greatest the maintenance department—the swinging wide, and lights on in

strength has been in our homes and small jobs of painting, plumbing, every room? If so, can you change

families. carpentering, and repairing—about all that? It wouldn't seem to take too

Fortunate it is, that Christmas has the house. Or, it might be the care much of an effort for each to do his

so many facets. Its songs, feasting, and responsibilities of the car or own small part, and if there are four

gaiety, gifts, stories, secrets, decoraother machinery—washing, waxing, or five youngsters in a family who

tions are all a natural outgrowth of polishing—seeing that oil, gas, wasuddenly do just that—who are full

its religious significance. The baby ter, battery, and tires are regularly of thoughtfulness at Christmas time

with his new rattle feels the spirit checked. These are not exhausting and then extend that thoughtfulness

of the day and shares its joy even tasks when divided among the fairly through the year—what a gift it

though he knows nothing of the grown and competent members of would be to a busy, discouraged,

Christ Child. And all of us who have the family; but they are killing in mother! She would count it her best.

enjoyed the warmth and gaiety of aggregate if carried alone by the gift for Jean,a real Christmas within the family father of the family, who, in addiAnd what about a circle carry its emotional power into tion, has his own full load of family, your sixteenyear-old sister?

our later life. Christmas, in its dibusiness, church, and civic responsiYou think a lot of her. She's pretty

versity, encompasses the interests bilities. and popular, but sometimes you like

and longings of each member of the to tease her a little. You think she

have your eyes on those stunuses too much lipstick and acts afamily. It reestablishes values and Vou

ning pearl earrings for Mother. little silly around the boys. You likerededicates us to their conservation.

it in,"and, occasionally, youHome is the place where Christmas She'll love them, but she'll get more to "rub is best celebrated. lasting happiness if something else even make cutting remarks about

goes with them (or substitutes for her to your own friends ( so they'll

T-Tere are some ideas on that celethem)—a real attempt to underknow you have your eyes open).

bration. When you are planstand her innermost longings for her You were thinking of buying her

ning your gifts for Mother and Dad; family, and to satisfy them. Some that lacetrimmed blouse she's been

for sixteenyear-old Jean and eightmothers could have no greater talking about. Do it, of course, if

yearold Ted—here are some suggift than the knowledge that their you can—but add a little something

gestions. You have thought of them sons would be at their priesthood special. Wrap it up with the deteryourself. I am sure. But have you meetings every Sunday morning on mination to be a first class brother

actually practised them? Try them. time or that these same sons would or sister to her. How? Don't stop

They are revolutionary in their fulfil their blockteaching assignthe teasing entirely. That's part of

power. ments every month. Or that their the fun—the give and take of family

Along with that shirt for Dad, daughters would place their M.I.A. life that helps smooth off the rough

give a firm resolve to take over your meetings ahead of the activities of spots in our dispositions. But make

share of the responsibilities that fall their social units; that they would that teasing good natured and let it

sheon him, if you don't! Perhaps it is attend seminary and institute as stop—you know when—beforethe yard work—the weeding, prunconscientiously as they go to their reaches the spot where she can'ting, cutting, watering—and the carbiology classes; that they would "take it"—where she explodes or

rying of ashes, and shoveling of value learning to cook and sew weeps. And never, never, undersnow. Perhaps it is some of equally with being able to follow a mine her with your own friends or

the farm work—the milking, the football game. These are the inwith her own friends—or with any

cleaning of stalls and corrals. Pertangibles which mean so much to so one else! Build that little sister up.

it your Christmas present tohaps it is the office boy work—the many mothers. Make

mailing of bills, the answering of There are tangibles also. Do you her.

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a)

A nd then there's Ted. He's only make your association something together and laughing together

eight, but he's full of "zip."You special. You can make her feel and time for all this and still leave plenty

plan to buy him all the windup cars be a little bit more wonderful than for your own individual celebrations or jeeps or boats you can find she actually is, just by the way you with your own individual friends.

within your dollarand-a-half limit! feel about her and the way you act And when you are enjoying that

Let me suggest an even better gift. towards her. A girl remembers the spicy, Christmas cooking aroma,

See that he gets a chance to tell his special occasions—the dressup give some thought to the significant

little story at the family dinner table. times, the oncein-a-while corsage fragrance which comes from being

Perhaps you haven't noticed how longer than the hours on the teleright home in your own place for a you older members have taken over phone or the dallying at the front good part of the Christmas feasting the family conversation. Ted lives door (time which can easily outrun—for contributing a pleasant dis-

a life, too. He can kick a football itself). That doesn't mean there position, clean persons, and gracious

nearly as well as you. He's been shouldn't be a lot of downto-earth, manners—for helping a little with

painting his Christmas cards all getting acquainted in your relationtable setting, serving, and washing afternoon. He and his little friend ship. There are times for picnic and up—above all for the family sharing

Jim want to learn to ski. He wants hikes—for Levis and sweaters. of "around the board"hospitality.

to tell you about it. Give him an There are times for working togethPerhaps you might invite another

opening and listen to him. er. But if you are really beginning family ( one less well off than yours

And what about Grandfather? to think you like this girl in a special to share one of the holiday meals.

"You sure wish the family would all way, then make this "tieup"as And you might participate as a famgo in together and get him an elecspecial as the comb and compact. ily in fixing a community basket—

tric blanket."That's probably a Give her an unannounced ChristSanta Claus special—where it will

marvelous idea, but I think he'd mas present of good manners, good be most welcomed. Sharing the joys

rather have his heart warmed a little grooming, thoughtfulness, awareof giving not gifts alone but family instead of (or along with) his feet. ness. It doesn't mean extravagance. spirit means receiving far more

How about an hour, or even half an It just means care—and caring. benefit than you possibly can give.

hour, of your time each week? Per- * * * All this special Christmas celeto brating, adds up arehaps there things a few little he loyalty—loyalty 'T'hose are suggestions for gifts. spirit, family to family to members,really needs for him. someone to do

Go to the drugstore for those And here are some for Christto family projects—loyalty to the

lozenges he thinks help his cough. mas decorations. When you are making of a real home.

Take him to visit his brother who is hanging the wreaths, trimming the bedridden. Maybe he'd like a Christmas tree, and putting bells on hristmas is a wonderful time tosteadyfooted young man by his side the front door—think over the catch the spirit of home. There

when he visits the barber this slipcharming idea of decorating the is a composite heartbeat which is pery weather. Perhaps he'd like just house with yourself occasionally. accelerated and discernible at this

to sit and talk with you a little. It's good to have friends. It's fun glad season. With a little effort, it

to be active in "church and state."can be felt and enjoyed by each

T-Iave you been worrying about a But, surely, there should be some member of the family. You can conpresent for the girl you think, time for family functions—for the tribute to that sweet spirit of faith

maybe some day, will be a member family carol singing on Christmas and confidence which pulses rhythof your family? You've just about eve as well as that of the high school mically in the truly religious home.

settled on that compact and comb a cappella, for reading Dickens'You can feel the love which percombination, haven't you? There's Christmas Carol around the family meates the home where mutual trustanother combination that's a good hearth—for having the neighbors in and unselfishness thrive. You cangift, too. The power you have to (all ages as a family)—for talking (Concluded on page 836)

DECEMBER 1947 809 LJiiiinK.

FIRST IRRIGATION BY ANGLOSAXONS IN AMERICA "Painting by J. B. and J. Leo Fairbanks

security is closely of ZionTIEallied of with the permanence tL in irrigated agriculture the inSECURITY termountain area. President Brig- X

ham Young decreed early that his the limited precipitation occurring in crops. To overcome this difficulty

people should direct their energies the valleys of the West, and because and to conserve some of the water to agricultural pursuits, which almuch of this precipitation falls durthat was lost in the spring before the ways must be the basis of a permaing the nongrowing season, if crops crops needed it, crude earth resernent society. Concentration on agriare to be grown, they must be supvoirs were constructed. Many of

culture insured food, and aloofness plied with additional moisture. There these washed out, destroying crops,

from mining staved off growth of is much more good land in the state and were rebuilt many times. In

speculative attitudes which not only than there is water, hence agriculture later years, advancement in geology, threatened the economic stability of is limited not by land, but by water. soil mechanics, concrete constructhe Latterday Saints, but also, in a tion, thermodynamics, and hydraulmeasure, the stability of their philosAt first, water in the creeks was ics have made possible the building

ophy. diverted onto the land. If the of larger and safer dams whereby

One hundred years ago the Piocreeks dried up early in the summer, early runoff has been conserved.

neers arrived in Salt Lake Valley and there was no water for late season The waters stored behind these broke the ground for the first crops.

"The same afternoon"a dam was built "to irrigate the soil."This was

the beginning of modern irrigation by AngloSaxons in America. Crop

production in Utah and the other areas of the West has been possible only with irrigation. Consequently, IRRIGATINGA

the entire culture of the area is POTATOFIELD based upon irrigation. While mining

and other industries produce more wealth, the basic culture of Utah is fundamentally a culture based on tilling the soil and diverting water from the canyon streams into irrigation canals and then onto the land.

Even the livestock and sheep industries, which utilize the vast range areas mostly unaccessible either to irrigation or to cultivation, must depend upon the irrigated areas for supplemental feed for their stock. THE LINING

PREVENTS While manufacturing may assume CANALSOFWATERIRRIGATIONan increasingly important place in THROUGHLOSS

Latterday Saint culture, agriculture SEEPAGE must continue to be basic to a stable society, and irrigation limits agriculture in an arid region. Because of

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

dams have made it possible to give veloped since that time by the Utah the land already under irrigation a and other western state experiment better water right, and to bring addistations and the United States Detional land under irrigation. Howpartment of Agriculture. It deals

ever, as the years go by, these reswith the relationships of irrigation to ervoirs are gradually being filled soils, to plants, to precipitation, to at AMERICA Of:.:

silt stream with from the lands above and IRRIGATION flow, and to communities in MODERN:ysspff*:: -;f -111 regions. A:'. ''m -mcs their capacity storage rearid greatly

duced. This menace is real, and unAmong the early problems inOS TffLY?T23 '.THEAMC 34. IS*7

less something is done, civilization vestigated by these stations were MORMON PIONEERS in arid regions such as Utah must natural water for irrigation, early

:i THE NEAB 8ASK KCAMm> decline. intelliIntensive of study and late irrigation, amounts versus OT* A'.SEAUT1FW, WATEfc TO8E COUJ OF

AKJUVAJ. WE<W ABOOTj! 1 HOURS TWOCfsEEX KFTM are essential gent research soluto a relation to water required and its

1 AFtSBKdOf? THE SAMSO'JS AND > PLOW.

tion of this problem. crop yield, percolation, and soil ferSl'tLT A AM TO miSATE THE SOS,

ram#oo** commerced urnSince nay tility, no accumulation there was waters, underseepage and the aftsb 'potatoes,rum which we'* amjoave upon of experience theowwater farmers to rivers; for Utah puunrwGvmnm frequency flow of time and

OUTTK SOABSO"'- them GKODHP 'me A of irrigation, orchard and vineyard OBSOH EttATT THUS: HBCCHHB8 OMS>USSeK

the jKsmjcnosw or memim irrigation, and water supply studies with roxmot: -1 AH8*V8 WITH tS8 MASS COKPAH?,. WHO.

and canal capacities. ABCRJT T8B TtMB THEBRSISATiKO SEGAK, |

THE HAyf,AC8 AS B&SHnFffiS These studies demonstrated the THISOF GSOOH&TAJBtET ISFJKSfWmmPIOWEB striking possibilities of irrigation imbt wszvm cmrm who heu> the kow.ZION provement. They showed that crops PACS> BY THE UTAH STATE COKtrERESN*:

B,K.J4. WJU, Pk.%. thrivedof irrigationbest withwater,moderateand thatamountsexcesDAtfGHTSRS OT THEjonr JsmfflZAtist, mi 1SEVOU

DEAN, SCHOOL OF AGRICULTURE AND DIRECTOR, AGRICULTURAL sive irrigation results in losses

EXPERIMENT STATION, UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE through deep percolation and also

—Located in the Centre Theatre, Salt Lake City, Utah

based upon a study of the relationship between precipitation on mountain areas and the yield of river systems. They enable irrigation companies to plan their seasonal water

distribution intelligently. They give

farmers a sound basis for selecting and planting crops in harmony with available water supplies.

Later studies have shown the value of water conservation both in producing superior crops and con-—Courtesy, Daughters of Utah Pioneers serving the soil, and in making waAN EARLY SCENE OF SALT LAKE CITY SHOWING CITY CREEK, THE STREAM FIRST USED FOR IRRIGATION ter available to irrigate large areas.

With present water supplies, irrigation efficiency can be improved by fall back on in irrigating their crops, through soil erosion. Methods of better application to the land and by

they had to learn through trial and conserving water following irrigalining the canals that convey the error. The fear of drought and retion, with special reference to cultiwater from the source to the land to

sulting crop failures stimulated early vation and the prevention of evapoprevent seepage. Investigations have

irrigators to use water lavishly. They ration losses, were given painstaking shown that at present the average

felt that crop production was in diexperimental study. Probably the farmer in Utah is getting no more

rect proportion to the volume of wagreatest single contribution of these than forty percent efficiency from ter applied, therefore they applied intensive irrigation studies was the the water available to him for his water far in excess of that actually establishment of relationships beland. This means that nearly twoneeded. tween the amount of water applied thirds of the irrigation water deEarly in its history, the seriousand the crop yield. livered to Utah farms is being lost as

ness of these problems was realized, runoff, or is percolating through the and the Utah Agricultural Experi- r""\THER investigations and survey soil to depths below any benefit to ment Station has spent much time work now make it possible in the plant growth. Probably among the

and resources in their solution. The spring to predict with accuracy the reasons for this are irregularity of

body of knowledge of irrigation sciexpected water supply during the land surface, making uniformity of ence available today has been degrowing season. These forecasts are (Concluded on page 846)

DECEMBER 1947 811 Chapter XII '"Threeyear-old LeRoy was the first slipped awake. from his mothHe HOLE IN THE ROCKer's Stanford's bed and began combing

unshaven face with his skinny little bit he had caught. Dry, coarse oat to be Ben. It was finally agreed thatfingers.

it fare. his his be bread would should Ben. be But team was his Stanford eyes, opened blinked

that, skittish, since suggested he so half "I've saved of cup beans a dryhis consciousness, to up, mind sat and it be team, steady such has a Kumen It for dinner, Stanford. will our be inenfolding a embrace. LeRoy warm to that Ben's wagon, hooked and Kufirst this big side. meal broth on The Arabella quickly. dressed and woke

it drive that Ben's In down. men way fine,"will rabbit the from season them"Stanford,"scolded, child that she "get

it the honor dehave would wagon practical remark. her was into toback keep bed dry warm! Ada, served."

the under covers. Georgebaby And,

laughter. Stanford light, with roared soon as it was they were AsStanford, lid the break you from

dethe most the * the wagon was again. children lay "Maybe moving Theclothes fire press in the and a make

stove!"talking to each other in the bed. AraEveryone obeyed her swift combella was buttoned to her ears in one

mands, loving the way she went about of Stanford's sheepskin coats and sat doing things for them. beside him on the wagon seat drinking

in the frost odors of and crisp new "I don't to like gopher eat,"LeRoy fresh water. lurched preThe wagonsaid, resigned to his stomach's demands, protesting from habit, "but I'm cariously, and she was forced to cling

awful hungry."to Stanford for support, favoring her

"This time it's going to be rabbit,"cut leg and gritting her teeth in discomStanford told him. "An honestto- fort. But she could still be thrilled by

Betsy rabbit!"the promise of warmth and clean water

ahead. story,""That's said a bear LeRoy

it "Isn't cried. wonderful!""See, shelistlessly. "Rabbits don't the on grow

is the coming up. the hear Anddesert. of the find ever big boys None

frost like crisp con- a suncrackle—it'sany."

"This one didn't grow on the desert, versation!"

I iteither, boy. right caught by the him.StanfordHe neverpressedceasedher toarmmarvelagainstat it there to drink."cameriver when

"Did you let it drink first, papa? I the wonder that she was his wife, so

wouldn't want to eat him if you didlovelyand happyandaboutyoung,the worldso understandingaround her. t.n

Surely their life together had a plan.

Stanford choked; looked helplesshe catch "Will up and we with Mary

ly for the to Arabella answer. think, Kumen, do you Stanford?"Ara-

"Of course your father would let a bella asked. "I'm so anxious to see

little rabbit have its drink,"Arabella them."

assured him. "Now let's see if you can "I doubt if we will. We're lucky to

help Papa get the fire going."be here at all—tailenders that we are."

LeRoy beamed. "I like rabbit!"he "Don't keep thinking about what is

cried. past and done, Stanford. You might

Arabella began stuffing the stove not have thought of anyone else but with paper scraps and dry bits of grass. yourself, either, if you had been getting

Stanford hesitated before the clothes your outfit down as they were. And

press, reluctant to start tearing it up. besides, now that it's over, it seems

"There isn't an inch of board left,"funny. Mary was so sure her Kumen

Arabella told him. "We will have to would be killed! She kept running

burn the spring seat next!"back and forth along the edge of the

Stanford gave the lid a long twisting crack wringing her hands and telling pull that severed it from the hinges. Kumen to make the horses go slow!"

laughed, She remembering how it split carefully with shortHe a desperately earnest everyone hadhandled then axe whittled and a few 4rfc$tAlTH* seemed, intent his upon how ownfine first shavings for lighting. the He exit. worried "Slow! place a Downstruck a match, the flame coddled with

steep that? as as if too, laugh, You'd ithis hands, applied the to and nest of

shavings. In five minutes the stove was you'd seen them."glowing with heat. "Kumen got the honors—as usual."

Arabella cut the scrawny rabbit into Stanford remarked. serving, at that. Ben might have been

scrawny bits and put them on to boil. "Stanford Smith, remarks like that a little skittish, too!"

For thirty minutes the warmth and the are not in good standing!""Stanford, you have a persnickity

delicious odor of the meat kept them "Go on with the story, girl. You mind. Of course Ben wasn't skittish.

hovering over the stove, exclaiming can wash my tongue with soap afterWhy, he and Hyrum worked down in with pleasure. The baby kicked back wards. that narrow crack with rocks falling

the covers and cooed at his thin little "Well, first of all, there was really like hail around them!"

legs. Stanford began to sing, enjoying quite a controversy. The Perkins "Yes, I heard about that. And they

everything that went on, for it was his brothers had done so much toward were the first to believe that there was first breakfast at home in three months. getting the Hole in the Rock road done sense in George Hobbs'trail idea, too."

Arabella squeezed back the tears that that everyone but a few thought one "That's right. But that's another

blurred her eyes. Their very pleasure of them should have the honor of drivstory."

was pathetic. Hungry, inactive little ing the first wagon down. Some "Sure. Let's take it as it comes. I

children, waiting with big eyes for the thought it should have been Silas can just see Mary preening over her small portion of nourishing food that Smith. But how could it be, when he handsome husband as he prepared to

would be gone so soon. Stanford, she is back in Parowan, sick? Ben said it drive the famous first wagon down,

knew, would eat none of the tiny rabought to be Hy, and Hy said it ought using his own soberminded team fox 812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA her. "The river was savage, the raft long, crooked string of wagons up the

unwieldy, and the swimming herds dugway was enough to keep a man's 5u yfnna Jinnee Kedd added to the danger and the din."mind busy, especially up Cottonwood

He paused, lost in thought. Hill. It took seven teams to get one

"By the first of February,"he conwagon up. And sometimes, even then,

the demonstration. Honored even as tinued after a moment, "there were two one would tumble over backward and

Haman!"big camps established east of the river, go rolling like a boulder down the

"There you go again! Haman got and we felt that we were getting on. hill!"

hanged if you remember. Kumen lived Then we got stuck with a roadbuild- "With women and children in

to justify his wife's pride in him!"ing job that we didn't know how to them?"

"That was a twoedged remark, lick. To make matters worse, a storm "No. Almost everyone walked to

woman!"came up that tore the camp to shreds. relieve the animals of extra weight."

Arabella laughed a little but went on But fortunately help came in the form "What will we do when we get earnestly. "It really wasn't funny, I of dynamite, brought by some men there? We don't have seven teams."

"There you go again."said Stanfordguess. the from Panguitch. got too tense. road Something It was We

mischievously. "Bringing old up act like again. the people players blasted go out and couldthat made Once

on a stage without having rehearsed we got a thousand pounds of dynamite, grudges!"

their lines."and it brought on a celebration!""Even!"Arabella's eyes sparkled.

"Well, you just can't get ready for Arabella laughed. "Dancing, meet- "I'm sure there will be just all kinds of help when we get there—alone."

"There will be a lot of wagons not up yet. We'll have help."

Collowing the route of the four scouts, making roads where it seemed impossible even to make trails, the eighty wagons and the long line of stock moved slowly toward San Juan.

—asFor twowornandanda halfbatteredmonths,as thethe wagonspeople

that carried wearily eastward from them—plowedthe Colorado, chopping

their way through giant cedar forests, fighting mud that balled the wheels to solid disks, sliding down tractionless clay hills, climbing from canyon to mesa and dropping back into canyons again. Conquering weariness, hunger,

discouragement, and fear, they had crossed two hundred and fifty miles of totally uninhabitable country, in the severest of winter weather, and almost barrier—Sanwithout food,Juanto Hill.come to their last

For days they had followed the bed of Comb Wash, leading to the San

Juan River, but had finally been cut off by the river's narrowing bluffs and forced to take the benchlands again.

For seven days they pitted their last remaining ounce of strength against a slippery sandstone ledge, and all but lost. When the climb was finally ended,

the road was strewn with broken—Illustration by spokes, wornout shoes, hair, and

John Henry Evans blood, for the teams, goaded beyond endurance, sank in near convulsions, blocking for those that the way in thing likea the Hole going down straining the were grade. up the Womenstill "I suggested. wish StanfordRock,"

I'd been there! How did Kumen acquit faintedworked fromdoggedlyfear andto controlexhaustion;the bawlmenhimself?"

it. ing stock keep just and everything. see I can them and out moving grim. pretty no ings, was "He He had of the of is other; each the way to children Dancing more potent Mortill started than the road seemedmore

cried helplessly, denied totheir parents'but put dynamite, than them monsto after him!"run and roll up down

in care the desolate gether, confusion. they end and to what there's no post. juniper in the put they "So

That was a smart idea."can do. What else happened?"But somehow, order was achieved

"Yes. And by night the first com- "By the tenth of February the river again, and the wagons that could still

pany was all down. I don't see how. froze over, and we could cross the be moved, went on, a bedraggled, utterBut somehow they just did it."stock and outfits on the ice. It was a ly spent line. Some worked oxen and

"And by the same somehow we did good sight. On moonlight nights a lot mules together; some had cows and

it, too."of otter appeared from some mysterihorses for a team; one had a span of

"Yes. Yes, we did, Stanford. I ous place and played on the ice like mules, with a cow hooked to the tongue

hadn't thought of that."shortlegged wolves!"spike. And astride the cow, rode a

"I'd like to have seen that,"Arabella young girl, geeing and hawing to keep 'T'hey were silent for a while. But cried. "The moon and the silver and the weaving wrack of hide and bones

presently Arabella asked how it the ice, cold and clean!"in the center of the uncertain road. The

was at the river. "I suppose it was beautiful. I never women, recovered from their fears,

"Exciting enough,"Stanford told thought much about it. Getting that (Continued on page 847)

DECEMBER 1947 813

<&d'A. WLaksL 9t cl (fkadinj fikhiaJmaA.

- ON THE BOOKRACK MANY MANSIONS the lessons of war first hand as the 13 DANISH TALES (Selections from the Bible. Jessie Orevents of America's Civil War encircle (Mary C. Hatch. Illustrated. Harton Jones. Illustrated. Viking, New the small tyke. Mr. Hatch has uncovcourt, Brace 6 Co., New York. 1947.

York. 134 pages. $4.50.) ered much new material about the 169 pages. $2.50.)

HpHE divisions under which the author President that makes this volume Oqually valuable as storytelling macondenses the stories and includes sparkling reading, as he reveals first the terial as for reading of stories, the actual words from the Bible are child, the student, the scholar, and this collection will prove a valuable indicative of the scope and the interfinally America's leader in World War addition to parents'and teachers'liest that this book deserves to arouse: I.—A L. Z., Jr. braries. Rich with the folklore and

The Word in Law, The Word in humor of the Danish, the book is BEHIND RANGES THE Through cleverly and humorously illustrated.—and Story, TheSong Word Harcourt, Brace ( Stephen Meader. W. Flesh,Inspiration, M.C.J. Made The Word York. and Company, New Living Interpreted, TheThe Word pages. 1947. 222 $2.50.)

illustrated, and BeautifullyWord. TALES OF A KOREAN like story exciting an boys or who clear, in printed excerpts thewith GRANDMOTHER thrilling the of adventure with a par- a this should be type,legible book Carpenter. (Frances Doubleday & in their forest tracking rangers down to addition fitting Christmasticularly Inc., City, Co., Garden New York. in of capturing oddity escaped an and

library. familythe M.C.J. 1947. 287 pages. $3.00.

quiet majestic the Olympic and Mounof the Carpenter "T\aughter Frank intertains, this strong tale has reader HEROES TESTAMENTNEW his name synonymous who made Visualized. live too, and every of the Apostles boy will est. And ActsThe

Book Two. relive with Dick and his botanist father with geography, Frances traveled with

incultivated a cosmopolitan him and and the adventure high of campingTwo countries. Later, in peoples and stalking on terest rare whistling the marmot (Editor: Dorothy Fay Foster. Artist:

Fred D. Lohman. The Standard Pubthe trail in the wildest and least exas wife of a diplomat, she continued

lishing Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. 1947. 47 plored territory in the United States. her extensive travels and has contributed to the culture of her nativepages. 45c single copy. $4.50 doz.—H. L.

country through her series of tales "Deautifully illustrated and provided THE LITTLE RED FERRYBOAT from the Basque, Russian, Chinese, with clear, readable type, this vis- (Russell Potter. Illustrated. Henry Swiss, and, currently, Korean grandualized book on the New Testament Holt and Co., New York. 1947. 50 mothers. Thirtytwo delightful tales

of Paul's years the closingdepicts life pages. $2.00) each home up this make volume—and manner. Suchin and exciting a dramatic red ferryboat was disconrP,HE little of the reading them will benefit from

the meets presentation of methoda trips between her daily tent with—over and over again!—M.C.J. action, for color and of youthdemands Island Lee. and Fort One Manhattan

even as it holds the attention of adults. day, against the advice of a sea gull, a TRUMPETS IN THE WEST—D. L. G. yacht, a tugboat, and even the Queen (Geoffrey Trease. Harcourt, Brace and

sea. for set she out Mary, Co., New York. 1947. 239 pages.TACKINANNY

of tale her on the $2.50.) adventures The (Lizzie O. Borgeson White - Dianne

Olivia White. Lorraine Press, Salt open sea, of the storm which she weathHPhis book presents fictionalized but

Lake City. 28 pages. 50 cents. ered, and how she finally was towed believable characters against a

is colorful, real, that and background to the harbor White back by Woolly Tackiplaymate, Indian her and "ova thirty years of England readers. will delight young The Whale, exciting—the little girls all stories as love nanny,W* rule. the after NorJack Cromwell Hill drawings Marjorie humorous by the tells about themdo. Lee Mother to Loncomes a Somerset boy wood, to the value of add much the of America, who inhabitantsearly is career, but intent music a upon don L. G. the—D.book. visare, Jesus really and howIndians that political into upheaval the drawn

ited them. Little Tackinanny's father is ANN JUDSON, belonged to that day. In this book

a chief, therefore she is a princess. LitHEROINE OF BURMA the historical background becomes altle Lova's greatgrandmother, it is dis- (Basil Miller. Zondervan Publishing most effortlessly taught but long recovered, was an Indian, daughter of House, Grand Rapids, Michigan. 1947. membered. A. L. Z., Jr.

Chief Pohatan, so Lova is also a prin131 pages. $1.50.)

cess. This brief story is well and interTn February 1812 the American ProtPRAIRIE COLT

estingly told in simple language, in the estant missionary movement be- (Stephen Holt. Longmans, Green and

spirit of childhood, along the account came a reality when Ann Hasseltine Co., New York. 1947. 178 pages.

of the Book of Mormon. Latterday Tudson with her husband, Adoniram $2.25.)

Saint mothers and children will enjoy Judson, sailed for Burma to begin their "Cor the boy who loves horses (and this little book. We should have more missionary labors. This short, zealous what boy does not? ) this is fascinatlike it for our A. W. life of Ann is poignantly related. The ing reading. Leif Olson has two colts: children.—/.

has he the of Judsons, treatment who were Rainboy—which WILSONWOODROW Big as as a racing chances Britishof in the the maelstrom caught horse—andbelieves Henry Holt and Co., (Alden Hatch. just lovable of a horse. clown Red, a quarter a of a century and war Burma

New York. 1947. 280 pages. $3.00.) ago. by the Burmese was so cruel and When Rainboy is lost to Leif by

T Tere is the first complete biography tragic, with its desperate days of illtrickery, he turns his attention to Big of Wilson written for young folk. nesses and imprisonments, that in less Red. The two are inseparable comIn the South where he was born and than fourteen years Ann was dead. It panions through cliff jumps, a bear

reared. Tommy Wilson, as the author is an interesting though sad biograDhv. fight, and of course the biq race.

calls him in the early chapters, sees—H. L.—A. L. Z Jr.

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ER\ STARS IN MY CROWN EAGLE OF GUATEMALA how he went to sleep beneath a tree (Joe David Brown. William Morrow (Justo Rufino Barrios. Alice Raine. and awoke to find a crowd of monkeys

& Co., Inc. New York. 256 pages. Harcourt, Brace & Co., New York. in the tree above him—each attired in

$2.75.) 1947. 227 pages. $2.50.) one of his hats.

**T17hen he preached you couldn't HPhis fictionized biography of a humChildren will be amused to discover help listen..."is the apt deble Guatemalan who devoted himhow he finally got the hats back, and

scription of the Parson, the central figself to the cause of the downtrodden with the lively illustrations. D. L. G.

ure in this series of short stories. There in his country becomes an adventure

are episodes about many homefolk second only to reading of the romantic WATCH THE BIRDIE!

and through the book runs an air of rise of Abraham Lincoln in the United (Phyllis Rowand. Illustrated. Williamreverence, humor, and simplicity—and States. Sacrificing money, land, R. Scott, Inc., New York. 1947. 37

the Parson who had just one sermon, friends, and even family, he dedicated pages. $1.35.)

but ideal great the in turn to which eight /"Children to preschool from ageRule. libthe into great one of him many ways of telling it:—ATheL.GoldenZ., Jr. himselfshaped

will deor nine years of age be idol world, a the beloved erals of and lighted with the story of a proud mothRACING THE RED SAIL of thousands of Central and South

Kelsey. Green (Alice Longmans, efGeer but unsuccessful determined learned his story and er's Americans who pages. 1947. 140 $2.00.) forts to Co. of her take to a picture baby& him. reverenced M.C.J.

Sail Alice the Geer just its grandmother. Then, to RacingTn send Red

Kelsey has drawn a vivid word as the grandmother traveled all the way MISS KELLY to see customs. City her She from Kansas York ofpicture and Greece to New Illustrated. Holding. (Elisabeth Sanxay

like, the chapter storyteller her grandchild lookedis each and gifted a Company, William & Morrow let tale, kiddies the read while notis your integrated and well a New whatbaby—but pages. 125 York. $2.00.)

true in every word and incident, the book to enjoy the cunning black and time spent by Mrs. Kelsey in Greece HpHE story has all the earmarks of an white drawings and the happy surprisedoing relief work during World War allegory—and one that all need ending. D. L. G.II has given her a knowledge of the to recall frequently—that of learning

centogether. to get along book The the people. of habits andcustoms NOISY BOOK

activities ters tiger cat WINTER the of a about sketches ink by white and Black Illustrated. (Margaret Brown. Wise talk that "huunderstand could and Bayley MorseDorothy Scott, R. York. William Inc., New fearlessher through man,"and how story. the enhanceBayley and—E.J.M.Robert 1947. 40 pages. $1.35.) the of the animals wild ness she made

is the story of a little dog, MufANYWHERE IN THE WORLD zoo live companionably together. HpHis

(Written and illustrated by Dr. Irma M.C.J. fin, who listened to all the noises of

E. Webber. Wm. R. Scott, Inc., New winter. Four to sixyear olds will

York. 1947. $1.50.) CAPS FOR SALE identify each sound with the puppy.

Tn language simple enough for a small (Esphyr Slobodkina. Illustrated. WilColorful illustrations picture each

child to understand and illustrated liam R. Scott, Inc., New York. noise heard by Muffin. D. L. G.

in a similar manner this book is most 1947. 39 pages. $1.50.)

effective for teaching plant and animal A N amusing tale of a peddler who carROGER AND THE FOXadaptation.—E.J.M, ried all his caps on his head, of (Lavinia R. Davis. Illustrated, Doubleday & Co., Inc., Garden City,

New York. $2.00.)

''"Phis story of a sixyear-old boy who was determined to see a fox will interest all of the picture book age and those who have a desire to read. Roger had many experiences before h'

finally saw the fox—and all of those

experiences are common to children who will find joy in reading about them in the life of another. M.C.J.

RHYMES AND VERSES

(Collected Poems for Young People.

Walter De La Mare. Illustrated.

Henry Holt and Co., New York.

1947. 344 pages. $3.00.)

T)oems by this favorite author have long deserved to be brought tOr gether in one volume for the edification people—likewiseand enjoyment offorchildrenthose andolderyoungfolk

who have preserved the child's sense of wonder and imagination. The wise

parents will have this book handy for dren—ora bit of nightthey themselves—arereading before thehustledchiloff to bed.—M. C. /.

(Concluded on page 816) DECEMBER 1947 815 ON THE BOOKRACK BIOGRAPHY OF ORSON HYDE (Concluded from page 815) an opera as set to music by Georges biography of Orson Hyde is beMASTERPIECES OF 1847 Bizet. A ing prepared under the direction

The pioneers not only read these of Dr. John A. Widtsoe. Among the

Tn our modern era "of making of many books, they also memorized them and early writings of Orson Hyde are books there is no end,"and we somecould quote for hours on end to the "An Address to the Hebrews,"in times forget to evaluate properly the edification of the family and others the English and Dutch languages; a

containing pages of 116 pamphlet ancestors readliterature that our earshot. within to be might happen and who

the of Faith of the Synopsis illiterates "Aloved. who no were These Bible, their forget did not they And of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church wellplains; been the hadcrossed many Theirs their of either, Mormon. or Book pamphlet, 120page Saints,"and a leisure that the missededucated and these of superficial knowledge no was both the Wilderness,"of out "A Cry their continued permittedwould have daily could and read them books. They in the to people addressed German

study of the books that would improve cite chapter and verse for their beliefs their own language (with copies in their minds. Some of the "best sellers"as well as know the supreme beauty English and possibly French ); and

of their own time many of them knew; and comfort to be found in them. They also a treatise on the Latterday

these same books have continued as knew the alltime "best seller"the Saints'belief regarding the return of masterpieces since 1847 when they atBible, and they tried to incorporate its the Jews ta Palestine, written in tained top popularity among a disteachings into their lives that they might English, German, and French. None

criminating reading public. And they more nearly emulate the greatest exof these interesting items, with the

preface of one of the still consideredare is in the printed Times and Seasons, be well read. wouldwho essential for those emplar of correct living, Jesus—M.Christ.C. /. exception Historian's the at available Church

This list offers us a qood check to see office today. If any of these items,

whether we can measure to the standTO MY CHILDREN therefore, or other material not readiards and tastes of the pioneers: Jane (Matthew Noall, in collaboration with ly available, or photos pertaining to

Printing Co., Noall. Claire Utah W. Bronte; Wuthering in Charlotte posshould your be OrsonEyre, Hyde pages.) 1947. 110 City. Salt Lake

it session, notice, to or your come Princess,Heights, The Emily Bronte; chilfor living his nine printed Privately

if appreciated be would you would Collected interest to will of Tennyson; this prove dren, book LordAlfred

the to writer communicate the same to get fortunate a are enough who Evanthose Ralph Waldo Emerson;Poems,

this of biography, it Weston to N. Nordwill record others encourage for copy, Longfellow; Wadsworthgeline, Henry tell the their progenitors gren, and to 2625 the lives of Salt East, South 3rd

Vanity Fair, William Makepeace stories of their own work. Of general interLake City, Utah, so that these vital

is of the story Saints est to Latterday the messages Papers, and James Bigelow pictures could be inThackeray; The

in which Mission of the Hawaiian progress cluded in the work. MeriProsper Carmen, Russell Lowell; first missionary as and served Noall Brother

mee, which is today better known as later as head of the mission. M. C. J.

INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN (Continued from page 794) twentythree countries. There were The members of this delegation

day Saint women were in attenddoctors, lawyers, professors—womwere dressed in their native costume

ance; President Belle S. SpafFord en of fine character and great ability, throughout the conference, and those

and Priscilla Evans of the Relief leading spirits in their own nations from the Scandinavian and other

Society, and Counselor Verna W. and well informed on national and countries also wore their colorful

Goddard and Clarissa A. Beesley of world affairs. Presiding, was the national dress at evening sessions.

the Young Women's Mutual ImBaroness Pol Boel of Belgium. She Other outstanding women were::

provement Association, and Alberta is an impressive character, elderly, Mme. Grabinska of Finland, Prof.

O. Doxey of the Eastern States large of stature. She was wellin- S. Antoniades of Greece, Mrs. PaulMission. formed on all the subjects discussed ina Sadurni of Argentina, Dr. Renee

The Council has as its permanent at the conference and at the same Girod of Switzerland, and many motto the Golden Rule and chose time was most gracious and inforothers. Mme. DrefusBarney of

for the theme of this conference mal. She made every speaker feel France, now a liaison officer from

"Power and Responsibilities of Freeimportant, and her desire seemed to the International Council of thedom."Some of the subjects receivbe to promote peace and harmony. United Nations.

ing attention were: While speaking good English, some One impressive feature was a

International Affairs and the Promotion of of her expressions differed from our memorial ceremony to Senator F.

Peace American way and added much to F. Plaminkova of Czechoslovakia,

Refugees and Displaced Persons the interest of the proceedings. who during the war, was interned,

The Status and Position of Women There was a delegation from in a concentration camp and finally of Pay for Equal Work Equal Value India. When the president, Mrs. executed. She was one of the viceof Married Nationality Women

The Deprived Child Keron Bose, arose to give her represidents of the International

Problems of the Home, the House and the port, she stepped over to the presiCouncil. Her last words to her comHousewife dent and presented her with an elepanions in the camp had encouraged.

Economic Crisis and Women in InThe stole or them to fight on in the cause of embroidered gant gift—an

dustry womanhood. about the neck and band, to be worn

The meetings were held in the extending to the knees. As she ofThe new president of the Interhistoric University of Pennsylvania, fered it, she said, "The women of national Council of Women is Dr.

founded by Benjamin Franklin. free India present this to you,"and, EderSchwyzer, American born, but

Here assembled delegates from some of course, she received an ovation. now of Switzerland.

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, Christmas in

ArnUaua, Ljuatemau

By IVY WILLIAMS STONE

inciting our colonies against England. I knew that the king of Spain

had ordered it evacuated and that it

Picturesque scene in lay, somnolent and neglected, for

Antigua over a century. But I was wholly

unprepared for the feeling of peace and acceptance that marks the more than twelve thousand people who now live there, and who are not scant twentyfour hours by air flat basket of fruits, maize, or potafraid of the volcano Fuego. It is

brought us to Christmas Eve tery upon her head. Each tribe now an hundred seventy years since

- dinner in the ancient Spanish wears a distinctive garb, and experiFuego erupted, while the capital cityAcity of Antigua, once the capital of enced tourist guides recognize a of Guatemala has been less fortu- "the kingdom of Guatemala."We tribe by a casual glance at the mannate. Any Antiguan will gladly tell

had seen Popocatepetl tinted by the ner a knot is tied in a colorful huipil. you that, while their ruins remain

rising sun and Orizaba rising above Barefooted and ragged, a dot intact, Guatemala City was stricken blanketing clouds. After less than against a towering mountainside, only thirty years ago, and half the

fourteen hours of actual flying time each man and woman moved with town demolished.

we landed at Guatemala City's dignity and pride. The Spanish

modern airport. conquistadores came and seeming- A ntigua is a city of living ruins.

This clean, orderly Guatemala ly conquered, but, like Rembrandt's When the order came to evacucity which has a population of two "The Noble Slav"the natives are ate, the civil authorities left gladly, hundred thousand, flower vendors unconquered still. the clergy reluctantly, and the rich

on every corner, and stores full of I had read the history of Antigua. hurriedly. They took only their

imported merchandise. It has many I knew it was the second capital portable treasures. The exodus was

new Americanmade cars, whose the Spaniards built; that it was degradual, but most of the eighty

owners wear out auto horns instead stroyed by earthquake when John thousand survivors went over the of brakes. It has traffic policemen Adams and Thomas Jefferson were (Continued on page 850)

and movies, neon lights and good hotels, and is the show city of CenAntigua, the city of living ruins tral America.

But we were not attracted by metropolitan sights. We were interested in the rural life of this little

republic, so we motored to Antigua, thirtyodd miles from Guatemala

City. The dusty mountain road is

kept in repair by the "poll tax labor"of the Indians. It was the afternoon

before Christmas, and we passed road shrines decorated with poinsettias and lilies. We overtook many

Indians, descendants of that once proud race of Mayans. Each one,

from father to toddling child, carried something. The burden was

strapped to the back and supported by leather thongs around the forehead. Mother carried the inevitable

baby upon her back and the huge,

DECEMBER 1947 817 spoken word ffm XJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio

By RICHARD L. EVANS network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

Jn "%lerauonti \Jbir Lsu/n and \Jtkers

*"Phere is an idea that has grown up among us, perQne of the hallowed experiences of life is to look haps best expressed by the phrase: "Moderation down at the close of day upon a sleeping child

in all things.""Moderation"is a very good word and especially one of your own, who is safe and sheltered,

is associated with many virtues and much wisdom. and well at peace. Few greater benedictions than this

Indeed, it is so good a word that we may be led to come to any of us. Blessed are we when those who bebelieve that "moderation"is always a virtue, that long to us are safe within the shelter of our own homes,

anything "in moderation"is good. Certainly moderawithin the circle of our love and protection. But such

tion is always to be preferred to "excess."And, of surpassing satisfactions are somewhat qualified if other

course, we know that both "moderation"and "excess"men and other men's children are not also sheltered are usually relative terms which vary according to and safe. A commonplace illustration may emphasize

people and circumstances. But in determining what is this thought more fully: We may work hard to keep

moderate and what is excessive we should always our own field free of weeds, but if our neighbor's field remember this: That there are many things which is infested with weeds, our own field will never be

are excessive even "in moderation."There are some free from the threat of intrusion. Weeds are in part a

things in life which even to touch is an excess; for personal problem, and in part a community problem.

in moderation?example: about stealing What What

in And so are many other things. Another example sugimmorality in moderation? aboutabout lying What

moderation? What about cruelty in moderation? What gests itself: Communities have quarantine laws so that

about dishonor in moderation? What about murder in those who are well may not be touched by the conill. But we have long sincemoderation? In another category: What about cancer tagion of those who are

in moderation? What about any vicious or malignant learned that we cannot quarantine ourselves from the

air in which we live and breathe. It is even moreor undesirable thing or act or habit—even "in moderavery

tion"? You see, we could let words mislead us if we difficult to quarantine ideas and influences, and yet it

would. Giving limited consent to something which is is as urgent that men be protected against moral and

wholly wrong in principle is a disastrous practice. Anyspiritual maladies as it is that they be quarantined

thing which in and of itself is not good, still isn't from physical maladies. Fortunately, we build up some

good, even in moderation. And if we don't want to immunities. But as long as there is any accessible

face the problem of where to stop or how far to go, source of contamination, as long as there is any place the answer is to keep away from what we should keep in any community where anyone or anyone's children away from, and not to tamper with what we shouldn't are likely to be touched by what shouldn't touch them, "in with, don't moderation."not eventamper If we

If we'll first step, the never take the second.take we there are hazards to everyone and everyone's children,

itnever take the second, we'll never form a habit. And if no matter who is seemingly safe. And satisfying as

we never form a bad habit, we'll never have to break is to see our own sheltered and sound and secure, we one. But whenever we commit ourselves to a questionhad better be concerned about others also. We do

able course, the problem of where to stop is constantly well, exceedingly well, if we care for our own. But if

isn't safe, if a city isn't safe, if a nationwith us—and will be until we do something about it. a neighborhood

There is no magic in moderation that will change a isn't safe for everyone's children, it isn't safe for anyvice into a virtue. one's children.

—October 5, 1947.—October 19, 1947.

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEHPIE SOU

J-ovf Jke LroiA/d What fre \J\Je vwaitlnq9

Tt would seem that we often live as if we wondered 'T'here is a persistent trait of human nature that when life was going to begin. It isn't always clear causes most of us to seek the company of others.

just what we are waiting for, but some of us sometimes We are essentially social beings. We need each other,

persist in waiting so chronically that life slips by for companionship, for comfort, for counsel. We have

finding us still waiting for something that has been learned to know that few if any of us can enjoy securgoing on all the time. There are fathers waiting for a ity alone. Physical protection has long since been a

more opportune time to become acquainted with their matter of collective concern, and civilization itself has cooperatively achieved preserved must be been and less until obligations other are demandsons—perhaps achieve of our that way. But many the fact that we these are going these sons days to being. But one of

aims by cooperation with others, must not make us grown and gone and the best years for knowing them, lose sight of the fact that every crowd, every comfor enjoying them, for teaching, and for understandmunity, every country is composed of individuals, each ing them, may also be gone. There are mothers, 'who, of whom is individually responsible for his own conat their earliest convenience sincerely intend to be more duct, his own thinking, his own life. Crowds someattentive to the plans and problems, to the goings and times do strange things to people. For example, a

the comings, of their daughters—who are going to be gangster surrounded by his own gang may acquire a

more companionable. But time passes, distance widens, false sense of bravery, when, in reality, alone he is a

and children grow up and away. There are old friends cringing coward. The gang spirit can become a very

dangerous spirit. Crowds sometimes make a boy rushwho are going to enjoy each other a little more—but

the years move on. There are husbands and wives who unwisely into things he wouldn't have done except for

are going to be more understanding more considerate. the crowd. As one of a crowd he may forget that

But time alone does not draw people closer. There something which he wouldn't do alone doesn't become

it. A crime that isare men who are going to give up bad habits; there right just because a crowd does

perpetrated by three people isn't just onethird as bad are people who are going to eat more wisely; there are as if one had done it. More properly it could be

their within are to live means. goingthose who as being three times But described as while bad—because, to those are going are take more Therewhen? who offense, been only one three have there are there may

interest in their government. But there have been offenders, each of whom is guilty. A crowd can't think;

times and places in which people have left such things crowds don't change the basic nature of things. Crowd

toointentions—butlong. Therewhenis no inreasonthe worldto doubtare allwesuchgoinggoodto actionmake andoesn'tactionconvertseem impersonal,wrong into right.but weAcan'tcrowdimpermay

begin to live as if we understood that this is life? This sonalize anything in which we ourselves participate or

is our time, our day, our generation. Heaven and the to which we ourselves give consent. We cannot avoid

hereafter will have its own opportunities and occupamoral responsibility by hiding behind gangs, or false tions. This is the life in which the work of this life is fronts, or organizations—for the crowd is always comto be done. Today is as much a part of eternity as posed of individuals, and our individual responsibility

was any day a thousand years ago or as will be any for our own conduct is everlastingly upon us whether day a thousand years hence. This is what we came here we are alone or with a dozen or a million. We do notfor—even if we have the wrong idea about it—even if lose our identity or our responsibility or our accountit isn't what we think it ought to be. This is it—whethability by merging ourselves with any crowd of any

er we are thrilled or disappointed, busy or bored! This size or description.

is life—-and it is passing. What are we waiting for? *

**Copyright,Revised King Features

October 12, 1947. Copyright. 1947. -October 26. 1947.

DECEMBER 1947 819 Christmas is the longestremembered day of the year for children, and we should strive to keep owiwierciauzm lizina9 Lkfldtmad it so. Christmas should also be one of the longestin terms adults as days for remembered well—not N this modern age when one's success is generally followof the throughout most of bills that stretch I

viewed by the world at large in terms of dollars ing year, but rather in terms of good accomplished, and cents, number of horsepower, length of wheel friends greeted, services rendered, smiles distributbase, or number and size of rooms, the "merriness"ed, and good cheer spread. An inexpensive present

of Christmas has come too often to be judged by given in the right spirit as a token of friendship or the number of greeting cards on the mantle or the love carries more lasting value than the most exsize and exchange value of the pile of presents pensive gift, given because we think it may be exunder the tree. pected. D. L. G.

If we have sent fifty cards and received but fortyfive in return, how often do we cross off five names from next year's list? Or if the present

from Aunt Mabel isn't so expensive as the one we Jhe Lkndtmas l/l/af gave her, do we make a mental note to "remember"this next time? And do we ever compare the value "Probably never in the history of the world has

of gifts received and given to see if we have broken there been a time when the message of the even on the exchange? Christ was more needed. The world is staggering in

This alltoo-prevalent attitude about Christmas the aftermath of war. Because of the tragedies

seems to be a natural part of modern living, which resulting from it, many are questioning the old has been conditioned in part at least by advertising. values—experimenting with new theories—ignorLegitimate advertising is recognized as a desirable ing or discarding longaccepted ideals. In the

and necessary part of our economy, and judiciously merrygo-round of trying to find happiness, the used can actually result in raising the standard of illusive, evanescent pleasures are grasped—while

living, lowering the price of consumer goods, and the lasting happiness which would come from livin general contributing to the making of a better ing according to the principles taught by our world. Savior is overlooked.

But like any other good thing, advertising, when One of the greatest contributions which Jesus misused so as to promote the sale of undesirable made to mankind is the concept he advanced of or harmful goods like liquor or tobacco, or to create the true nobility of the human spirit. Until the

false desires for unnecessary or useless goods, can time of Christ the individual person had not been be turned into a demon. Advertising maintains considered of very much value. He had existed for

an important place as an agent of social control the benefit of the most powerful, who by force of according to sociologists and social psychologists might had assumed the right to exploit the weaker.

who devote many pages to the subject in recent Christ throughout his teachings decried any such textbooks. attitude. Those who were strong must safeguard

In combining fact dissemination with every techthe weak, he said. Humility, rather than physical

nique of persuasion known to man in this enlightstrength, became the ideal for those who would ened age, some unscrupulous advertisers capitalize follow in Christ's way.

on every type of appeal ever discovered or develIf each Christian would accept even this part of oped to make us fall in line with their suggestions Christ's teaching, he would find his life enriched, beand buy their products. They use sentiment, love, cause he would attain a thoroughgoing respect for

patriotism, vanity, fear, desire for success, health, others. With this respect he would develop a

wealth, influence, and other types of appeal too genuine love for people. Jealousy, quarreling,

numerous to mention. selfishness would be eliminated since such negative

We have been made to feel, for example, that qualities would be completely incompatible with we do not love our mother unless we buy her an the Christ spirit—and beneath the qualities of one

expensive gift for Mother's day. Father's day has who had a genuine respect for mankind.

been recently established, and we honor him by At this Christmas season the one Christmas gift giving him presents. Presents are now even exthat all could resolve to give to the world would

changed on Easter and other days. And to too be to reassert their complete acceptance of the mesmany Christmas is no longer a day on which to sage of the Christ and reaffirm their faith in the true

worship and make children happy, but a day on nobility of man. With a genuine respect among all

which to present all our friends and relatives with men peace would be one step nearer realization the highpriced gifts which they have come to exand Christmas would indeed become a Christmas pect. of "peace on earth, good will to man."—M. C. /.

B20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ttEV1DEMGEB and REBDHBIUHT1DHB

The loyalty of Brigham Young to Joseph Smith cxvlll. l/(/a5 &5riakam, Ljouna oLouat was unmeasured. It was born of a love like that

of David and Jonathan. It was complete, boundto /Joseph J>mltki less, not like the love of many who would accept

the Prophet only to a certain year, or for a certain "Drigham Young became famous while he lived. doctrine. Time and again, President Young reFor good or for evil his name was known in ferred to Joseph Smith in his public utterances. Let

every civilized land. Scores of books, hundreds of him speak to us;

magazine articles, and thousands of newspaper Of the Prophet and the Prophet's doctrine*:

comments were written about him and his people, I feel like shouting hallelujah, all the time, when I think and their work in making the desert blossom as that I ever knew Joseph Smith. (Journal of Discourses 3:

the rose. Travelers sought the opportunity to visit 51.)

I delight to him; and many came from foreign lands in behalf hearI honorit; I loveand revereit. I lovethe hisnamedoctrine.of Joseph(Ibid.,Smith.13:216.)

of their own countries to learn the methods emWhat a delight it was to hear Brother Joseph talk upon ployed in conquering the barren desert. Thinkthe great principles of eternity; he would bring them down

ing men held him in honor, for they realized that, to the capacity of a child, and he would unite heaven and (Ibid., 4:54.) aside from any religious

I first heard him preach, [Joseph] When he brought heavthe world's one of foremost earth together; and considerations,colonizers—destinedhe was earth.en all the and the priests of could day

to appear in history among the world's great men. not tell me anything correct about heaven, hell, God, angels,

In the opinion of most people of that day, Joseph or devils; they were as blind as Egyptian darkness. When

Smith was overshadowed by Brigham Young. I saw Joseph Smith, he took heaven figuratively speaking,

Brigham Young was conscious of the fame that broughtand broughtit up, itanddownopenedto earth;up, in plainnessand he tookand thesimplicity,earth andthe

had overtaken him. He was aware also of the things of God; and that is the beauty of his mission. (Ibid.,

greatness of the work that the Latterday Saints 5:332.)

had done in the desert under his leadership. When What I have received from the Lord, I have received by

someone suggested that he should write his history, Joseph Smith; he was the instrument made use of. If I drop

him, I must these principles; drop they not have rebeen his "I quick rejoinder time; was, too have no I am vealed, declared, or explained other since by any the man

It history."busy making have would easy been the days of (Ibid., Apostles. 6:279280.)

for him to take honor unto himself, to ignore his character: Joseph's Of origins, forget his and to those from whose work

can justly say against aught Smith? Who Joseph I was

is filled were drawn. History with own successes as well acquainted with him, as not believe any man. I do

stories of successful men who have carefully hidthat his father and mother knew him any better than I did.

den from human eyes the steps by which fame and I do not think that a man lives on the earth that knew him honor had come to them. any better than I did; and I am bold to say that Jesus Christ

Here was one of the supreme tests of President earth.excepted,I amnohisbetterwitness.man(Ibid.,ever 9:332.)lived or does live upon this

Young's greatness. Here he might easily have fallen We can find no person who presents a better character

and forfeited the measure of true manhood. Were to the world, when the facts are known, than Joseph Smith,

there humility and loyalty enough in his soul to Jr. (Ibid., 14:203.)

disclaim honor except as a faithful instrument For the length of time he lived he was as good a man as through which divine purposes could be accomever lived in the flesh, Jesus excepted. (Ibid., 7:243.)

plished? big he give credit to enough to Was 's trust in Joseph Smith: Of Brigham

laid the of foundations the those who Church I Once felt a of confidence in my life want in Brother Jowhich gave him opportunity to use his natural seph Smith, soon after I became acquainted with him. It was

talents? If so, he could claim place among the not concerning religious matters—it was not about his revelareally great souls of humankind. tions—but it was in relation to his financeering—to his managing the affairs temporal which he undertook. feeling A unspoken To this challenge Brigham rose Young that over came right his Joseph in not financial me was mannobly, to us, thrillingly. and In speaking of the I agement, though the feeling presume did last not

work accomplished he gave first credit to the inseconds, and perhaps not thirty. But that feeling camesixtyon

spiration that came from the gospel of Jesus Christ me once and once only, from the time I first saw him to the

It his of death. day gave heart. of (Ibid., me sorrow 4:297.) restored through Smith. part Joseph he The and

I in admitted feelings Though all and my the knew time his associates played had secondary. for was As that Joseph a still being was human it subject and to err, was himself said, "I he humbly have to never claimed of none business to after look his faults. (Ibid., my 4:297.)

be a prophet, but I feel that I have been profitable to this people."The greatness of any man may be tionOf: his concern for Joseph's family and reputamost easily measured by his humility and loyalty. What of Joseph Smith's family? What of his boys? I

Without them, men begin to worship themselves, have prayed from the beginning for Sister Emma and for the a type of idolatry that corrupts the soul. whole family. There is not (Concluded on page 826)

DECEMBER 1947 821

GBDKBJSD

Josephine B. Nichols

rERRY gifts to eat, are very exciting

OVl and greatly appreciated, too. ewv Make your Christmas gifts and enterBy CY LANCE taining gay with these holiday recipes.

Staffed Turkey Slices

greeting outright funny or the which a wisely I watched other day butter or margarine 2 tablespoons their than enjoy more they friend on her workingThebeforetime 6 slices turkey almonds cup chopped elders 34

Christmas and New Years cards would. 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley

for this year. She was nearing compleMy friend favors mediumsize cards. 2 tablespoons finely chopped celery

tion of the number she planned to send. No doubt she knows they fit post office Yi teaspoon salt

It totaled around two hundred cards. cancelling machines better and are 1 cup fine bread crumbs

Formerly I questioned the wisdom of easier to handle than overlarge or unYi cup stock cards. small duly in such cards out Christmassending

butter. celery, parsalmonds, Melt Add too, cards, she of the the writing In friend numbers.large As I watched my onion, 2 minutes: seasoning; cook and

it rather to than fun at make her managed happily employedbusily and half moisten with crumbs, with a ley,mix bread task of love, I thought of the great wearisome task. By starting early and of stock. Place stuffing on turkey slices;

amount of good will she was planting. doing only ten or a dozen cards at a roll cornucopia fashion; skewer ends with

And I realized what a good thing that sitting she was able to keep the whole toothpick. Bake in moderate oven, 350 F.,

was, for we can never have too much thing fresh and lively for herself and twenty minutes, basting with remaining good will. for the friends at the other end of her stock.

It certainly wishes. good card her kept friend My Sherbet Cranberry the doit-allin-onebeats a becoming fromsending

1 cranberries cups) (4 pound the hecnight and method orthe chore bytiresome boiling 2 cups water tic lastminute haste which about she wentderly way 1 gelatin unflavored teaspoon it. She had an extensive defeats much of the natJ4 cup cold water

list of names, saved from ural beauty of the Christ- 2 cups sugar last year, and built up by mas thought. 1 pint ginger ale

keeping the list handy and adding new names whenShe likes to include a Cook berries in boiling water fifteen minever they occurred to her. brief friendly hello with utes. Press through strainer. Add gelatine,

stir in until cold water, sugar; softened and casual greetings. her Her list an her gave This

ale. dissolved. in ginger Cool. Freeze Add gives her plan carefree the of estimateaccurate

to refrigerator consistency. tray mushy this. to time of plenty do and of cardsnumber chilled into beat. mixing bowl and Turn card Christmas from A need. she wouldstamps It firm. freeze until tray to and Return may

is really this a greetlady cards her boughtShe in cups. frozen paper be

weeks in advance when ing in every sense of the ( Continued on page 823 she had time to make word.

careful unhurried selections from plenChe puts firstclass postage on her tiful supplies. She bought enough to cards. Her friends travel first- a great many in a short space of time.

take care of the new names she would class all the way with her. And the This year I planned to cut my own

be sure to add to the list. post office probably also likes the way card sending to a minimum. But after

Stamps my friend bought in quantity she puts her return address on the enveobserving my friend I've made up a list enough to cover her entire need. This lope and the proper zone number which that is at least twice as long as ever

saved the time, energy, and annoyance she always includes in all her addresses. before. And it is still growing. I

of repeated trips to the post office. Many of her friends who may have lost thought I didn't know that many peoThink of how many cards she was able her address probably appreciate it, too. ple. Already I have my cards and my

to write, for instance, in the time it And no doubt more than one fine friendstamps, and I have started nibbling at would take her to go down a post ofship is rescued in this way from the my list in leisurely fashion. There's

fice line of only ten people. limbo of lost things. plenty of time yet; there's no rush. And

Also I marveled at the wisdom she She checks zone numbers she's not it's no trouble at all this way; it's fun.

showed in her wide assortment of cards sure of by going to the postal map. She This way of sending out Christmas

to suit individual personalities. The retakes no chances of having her thought and New Year's wishes is jolly, my

cipient would know in every case that and effort go for nought. friend showed me. And surely some

she gave real thought to the choice My friend handles the job of stampof the fun and the quiet calm and peaceof the card. ing in a simple, clean, businesslike way. fulness of this method will carry over

The simple straightforward prose She dampens generously and folds sevto the receivers.

greeting was her choice when she was eral times a clean cloth. She puts this /"hristmas card sending doesn't need

the plate presses a dinner with the of intimacy reon andnot on terms little forebusiness. to be a dull A

cloth. against stamps or twoceiver. with a verse the wet The card When for thought can pleasure it a real make

of warm sentiment would go to the she has finished stamping, she moistens all concerned. It is a fine labor of love

elderly friend. The younger names on the envelope flaps against the wet cloth paying rich unsought rewards in lasting

her list came in for the lighter treatment and seals them. In this way she does friendship to those who go at it in the

way my friend does. Try it, won't you?

x=#*=x And a Merry Christmas to you!

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Cook's Corner (Continued from page 822) u Mint Puffs WJten voia covne bacK,

cups sugar 2 tablespoons light corn syrup be sure mat bags jxJI of cup water 4 1 egg white peppermint extract red food coloring FELSNAPTHA SOAP"

Combine sugar, syrup, and water; stir

until sugar dissolves. Cook to soft ball

stage. Slowly pour over beaten egg whites,

beating until mixture holds shape when dropped from spoon. Add a drop of extract; color a delicate pink. Swirl from teaspoon on to waxed paper.

Sugar Plum Loaf cup shortening % cup sugar cakes fresh yeast cup milk, scalded 2 wellbeaten eggs 4 cups enriched flour cup raisins cup candied cherries 1 teaspoon candied orange K cup sliced citron peel l teaspoon cinnamon

cups chopped walnut meats lm teaspoon cardamon seed

Combine milk, shortening, sugar, salt, and spices; cool to lukewarm. Soften yeast in

this mixture. Add eggs; mix well. Add two

cups flour; beat well. Add fruit, nuts, and

remaining flour. Mix to soft dough.

Knead smooth. Let rise in warm place

(82) until double in bulk. Punch down.

Let rest fifteen minutes. Form in two round

loaves in nineinch round cake pans. Let

rise until double in bulk. Bake in moderate

oven (350) fortyfive minutes. Spread

with confectioner's frosting.

Mince Meat Tarts 1 recipe plain pastry 2 pints homemade mincemeat

Roll pastry thin. Cut in fiveinch circles.

Fit into large muffin pans, pressing out air bubbles. Turn under and flute edges. Fill

with homemade mincemeat. Bake in hot

oven 450 F., twenty minutes.

Homemade Mincemeat

1 pound beef neck H pound suet 2 pounds tart apples 2 cups sugar 1 pound currants 1 pound seedless raisins 34 pound citron cut fine 1 cup fruit juice or cider THE GOLDEN BAR WITH THE CLEAN NAPTHA ODOR ( Concluded on page 824.DECEMBER 1947 823

early war years before their country became a devastated shambles.DUTCH SAINTS Conditions in Holland at the end

of the war were quite critical.

welfare proto the Church and clothof food Skip jotatoed to L/termanf Thanksgram, packages ing were sent in large numbers, folBy Frederick W. Babbel lowed soon by carlot shipments.

These supplies were instrumental in

privations the suffering and the of disaster sibly averting near in many Word has been received from to transport all these potatoes. When I alleviating much distress and posCornelius Zappey think President

as well as the Holland, of people is still our cases. Holland Though much Mission the Netherlands of the of Gersuffered at the Saints, hands

that permission has been given by mans, and how our Saints have labored in need of many things, the Saints that government to permit the Dutch long and diligently to raise all this food are quite able to care for many of

Saints to ship sixtysix tons (132,- with only one goal in view—to send it to their own needs. Considering their

in Heavthank Saints our my it is necessities, a marvel and Germany—I own Saints the to potatoes ) of pounds 000 spirit welfare of the for the enly Father the to that testimony a real world raised on were These in Germany. this mission. in and work at home Saints these only not engage would the at sugstarted projects welfare

welfare wholeheartedly in a proTaft Benson Ezra of Elder gestion they gram, but also that would be of when 'T'he spirit of this welfare work exthe Twelve the Council of willing to send the fruits of their he presided over the European Mistends much further. When Elder

Benson arrived in Europe shortly toil to their former enemies. Verision more than a year ago.

During the past two years, since after V-E Day, he learned that durtably, they have gloriously met the the end of the hostilities, the Nething the war, food, clothing, and challenge of the Master when he erlands government has not exfunds had been sent from one misadmonished, ported any food to its former enesion to another. The Swedish Saints,.. Love your enemies, bless them that

had sent considerable aid to their curse you, do good to them that hate you, mies because of the scarcity in its sisters and despitefully pray in Norway and for them which and use not yet brethren has Today it own country. you, and persecute you. 5:44.) (Matthew asSaints the Danish Denmark; exception an lifted the ban, although

was made in the case of the Dutch sisted those in Norway and HolAs we approach this Yuletide land; likewise the Swiss Saints had season it is well for those enjoying Saints.

In commenting upon this magnifiextended relief to Germany, Czechthe bounties and blessings of life to cent gesture of the some three thouoslovakia, Belgium, France, and offer a sincere prayer of thanksgivsand Dutch Saints, President ZapHolland, even accepting children to ing. The real spirit of Christmas

pey remarked: nourish them back to health. Evitime may be found in greater measthat the found German dence was ure emulating the by of example realize, I will ever at home one No aid wherextended Saints had also loving unselfishness set by our beit has been the joy victory and the think,

for us. It will take about four railroad cars ever possible, particularly during the loved Saints in the Netherlands.

utes; before taking from heat add fruit (265). Add butter. Pour over 6 cups

red colorone-half juices. corn. add popped you may To Make popcorn trees or form Cook's Corner

extract; the other to half, into balls. cinnamon ing and popcorn

{Concluded from page 823) green coloring and peppermint. Let set

2 teaspoons salt several hours; cut into star shapes or in Christmas Trees

squares; roll in granulated sugar. cloves teaspoon Y2 Christmas trees are shaped of popcorn 1 nutmeg teaspoon

mace J4 teaspoon Fun with Popcorn withred applered andbase.greenAddgumdropred foodornamentscoloringandto grated rind of 1 orange juice and

Popcorn Christmas Trees syrup, before pouring over popcorn. Pack

force and into tender. until Cool corn cones paper. made of waxed Dip Cook meat

ap- 1 cup sugar and suet with end blunt chopper in corn food skewer syrup; of wooden through

water x/i CUP thoringredients; mix tree, into cool. remaining push Stick sharp ples. into end Add

1 vinegar teaspoon tenare little apples until paper. slowly red Dip green and Cook oughly. gumdrops

2 tablespoons light corn syrup jars. sterilized into corn in before syrup tree. trimming Seal the der.

salt teaspoon Y2 Candies 1 tablespoon butter Popcorn Ball and Cane

Combine sugar, water, vinegar, syrup, balls; giant insert popcorn Make candy

in tops Turkish Delight and salt. Cook to very hard ball stage canes before they in harden. Wrap

2 cups sugar cellophane; tie with red ribbon and holly.

J/2 cup boiling water 4 tablespoons Knox gelatin Pretty Pussy Cat Popcorn Balls 1 tablespoon grated orange rind

Yi cup cold water What long whiskers our cat has! They

1 lemon (juice) are made by using three fulllength sippers, 1 orange (juice) held at center with a red life saver nose;

stuck on neatly with popcorn syrup. The

Soak gelatin in cold water. Dissolve suggreen eyes are life savers. For her earsar in boiling water and bring to a boil. Add snip a sipper in half, bend each piece in its

soaked gelatin; boil gently twenty minmiddle and stick on with syrup.

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 ALL THROUGH THE YEAR FOR THE CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS:

tune their cheerful voices and brighten their eager, sparkling eyes with

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS......$2.50

A big (10"x 12"), beautiful (25 full gorgeous color pictures) and 50 gay songs of seasons and happy childhood situations.

m BETSY BUTTONS $1.50

The picture story of a little pioneer girl and her famous doll. 24 delightful colored pictures dramatize the faith building story.

AND GIVE THESE OTHER DELIGHTFUL BOOKS FOR CHILDREN

A PLACE ON YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING LIST

STANDARD BIBLE STORY READERS—Nos. 1.2 and 3..each $1.25

Beautifully illustrated, and well adapted by reading grades to all children.

STORY OF THE BIBLE—J. L. Hurlbut $2.75

A long time favorite with children, parents and teachers.

EGERMEIER'S STORY OF THE BIBLE $3.95

Another beautifully illustrated popular book.

I MOTHER GOOSE RHYMES..29c, 50c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $2.00, $2.50

Available in many varieties of style, pictures and price.

THE GOLDEN BOOK OF POETRY $1.50

100 childhood favorites with many gay, clever pictures.

OUR COUNTRY'S STORY $2.50

A beautiful, impressively illustrated book to give small children their first picture of our wonderful country and our way of life.

ANIMAL STORIES..,....$1.50

Another big (10"x 12") picture and story book.

HOME AND HABITS OF WILD ANIMALS $1.50

A famous naturalist, with dramatic, artistic pictures and fascinating information holds children spell bound with the story of animals.

A STORY TO TELL $2.00

The story book value without a peer. 138 expertly selected stories to delight children, parents and teachers I

We also have the famous GOLDEN BOOKS at 29 cents each. For example. Mother Goose,

Prayers for Children, My First Book, Toys, Animals of Farmer Jones.

USE THIS ADVERTISEMENT AS YOUR CHRISTMAS BOOK ORDER FORM.

DESERET BOOK"THE BOOK CENTER OF THECOMPANYINTERMOUNTAIN WEST"GIVE BOOKS FOR CHRISTMAS 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send the books checked above. Herewith $.

Name Address

DECEMBER 1947 825

Evidences and Reconciliations

(Concluded from page 821 The photographing is done under a man in this Church that has entertained

Nearly Three Million contract for the Genealogical Sobetter feelings toward them. (Ibid., 8:69.)

it seemed that all creation was uponPages of Danish Films cietyin thebyNationalArthur G.ArchiveHasso,inarchivistCopenandJoseph was doing business in Kirtland,

in Library hagen. He uses a Fotokopist camera him,drovetohimhamperfrom himhis business,in every way,and itandleft theyhim

of German manufacture. Two operaso that some of his debts had to be settled

(\N November 3 another instalment tors keep this microfilm machine in afterwards; and I am thankful to say that

of films was received from Dencontinuous operation from 7 a.m. to they were settled up; still further we have

mark by the Church Genealogical 10 p.m. each working day. senteveryEastplaceto whereNew YorkI had toeverOhio,doneandbusito

Society in Salt Lake City. Mr. Hasso himself scrutinizes all ness, and inquired if there was a man left

A total of 785 record rolls, each films first; then they are again careto whom Joseph Smith, Jun., the Prophet,

If there sixpence. dollar, was or a a owed containing length, in and 50 meters qualified persons inspected fully by

it. I able been But have not pay would we pages 1,867,185.3 approximately President Alma designated by this through advertised find one. I have to

library to the sent lately beenhave Mission. As Danish of the where Petersen place neighborhood and every

for editing and cataloging. a result the records received are of formerly he lived, consequently I have the

These added to the 496 rolls pre- a high order of excellence. right to conclude that all his debts were

viously received bring the total of settled. (Ibid., 18:242.) mivolumes the deterthey among Included years were Fortyfive ago to Copenhagen from arriving films

I kill the have Prophet to Joseph. all mined are collection this in crofilmed 892 2,863 estimated an to date to of nights scores floor ready lain the upon from of Denmark records census the

life. (Ibid., his pages. the sought receive who mob levying military all the to 1860, 1787 classifilms can be 18:361.) these Before

fied and made available to the public, rolls, and all parish registers in the a positive print of the entire lot will Copenhagen archives whose names the continuation of Joseph'shave to be printed and developed begin with the letters between A Of for library use. This alone will reand F. work:

quire close to forty miles of film It is expected that at least another... Joseph Smith, the Prophet whom the

( 39.80 ), enough to stretch from Salt four years will be required to comLord raised up and ordained, and to whom

Lake City to Ogden. plete this record project in Denmark. hekingdomgave keysof Godandonpowerearth toandbuildsustainup theit.

These keys are committed to this people, and we have power to continue the work that Joseph commenced until everything is prepared for the coming of the Son of Man.

it is Sa'nts, and all the business we have <=Jjecemhef This is the business of the Latterday (Ibid., 3:51.) hand. on

Joseph Smith laid the foundation of the fabric, great and have commenced to we

it. (Ibid., IN CHURCH HISTORY build 1:110.) upon

to the Church on DecemPatriarch Joseph persecutions, to Of Joseph Smith's preeminence: 18, 1833. from Manber removedOWINGSmith

to profess not be so good a I do man as of to Harconference first general chester, The New York, (Ibid., was. 5:127.) Smith in Joseph Susquehanna in was held England township, the Churchmony martyred with to compare our Even me

County, Pennsylvania, in Decemthe "Cock Pit,"at Preston in DeProphet is too much; though I expect if 1

ber 1827. Here also persecution cember 1837. At this conference am faithful, I shall be as great as they

awaited him. During this and the the Word of Wisdom was first pub- [Joseph and Hyrum Smith] are now, and

following month he translated some licly taught in England. so can every faithful man. (Ibid., 6:274.)

of the Book of the characters of was city of Nauvoo The divided Of Joseph's eventual position: plates. Mormon Sunday, bishop's wards ten into

Book the of latter part be where Joseph is, he will I go to When The 4, 1 842. of December

(Ibid., the president of this dispensation. of Pearl the of part (now Moses of First Presidency The the 7-A7.) to the revealed Price) was Great reorganized at Winter was Church in December Smith Joseph Prophet Brig1847. in December Quarters

1830. Such from Brigham words Young as Presisustained was Young in ham commanded, were The Saints multibe about Smith might Joseph C. with Heber of the Church dent to Ohio. to gather 1830, December spirit plied. carry the of They as Richards Willard Kimball and

The Prophet prophesied on counselors. John Smith was susfriendship, loyalty, and devotion.

Christmas day, 1832, concerning the tained as Patriarch to the Church. No doubt, this attitude fitted PresiCivil War between the North and The first Sunday School in the dent Young for the heavy tasks of

South, which commenced some Rocky Mountains was opened, Deleadership in the settlement of the twentyeight years later. cember 9, 1849, in the Salt Lake West, Only loyal men can be used

Joseph Smith, Sr., was ordained (Concluded on page 834) by the Lord!—J. A. W.

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w

BOOKS ARE IDEAL GIFTS

These books will be welcomed for their interest, their wealth of information, their inspiration. Make your selections from this unusually fine list.

GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT $1.00 THE QUEST $2.25

By Era L. Marler By O. F. Ursenbach

An especially choice collection of literary and spiritual gems. The story of one who, convinced 4 hat his own religion was

GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS $2.25 not the true one, set out to find Christ's true church.

.$2.00 KINGDOM companion volume to the original publication "Evidences THEIRS IS THE A By John A. Widtsoe

Wendell J. Ashton By Reconciliations."and

is stories history the largely of and Mormon women who men $2.25 KINGDOM GOSPEL helped establish develop the the and Church West. From Taylor John By this such material "bouquet biography."of comes

of inspired of the pages Four hundred counsel and guidance a great leader TEMPLES OF THF MOST H*OH $2.50

$2.25 B. Lundwall HIS By N. MANSIONS MANY

S. Howells Rulon By prayers, inspirational incidents and

this thirteen churches, Christian book enables Comparing S. of one Theconnectedhistories,withdedicatorytemples the L. D. Church.

to gueo3, know, not teach. churches what ohsr

PRICELESS OF VALUE....$2.50 $2.00 ASSORTED GEMS HIGHWAY HELPS B. Lundwall N. By By E ra L. Marler

A compilation of stimulating and inspirational thoughts. A volume of selected quotations from the scriptures and from

INSPIRED PROPHETIC WARNINGS $1.00 the writings of L. D. S. Church leaders.

B. Lundwall By N.. $1.00 OF SKETCH MORMONISM of A THUMBNAIL gathered the sermons and discourses from A Josephson Marba C. authorities. D. S. Church manycollection,L.

Clear, concise, prepared for those who....$2.25 doctrines, immediateauthentic—especiallyBy understanding of an the founding, want SMITH JOSEPH PROPHET STATESMAN

By G. Homer Durham and history of Mormonism.

Here is the political philosophy of Joseph Smith the Mormon

Prophet. CHRIST WITNESS FOR A NEW

- $4.50 S. L. D. SCRIPTURES $2.50 IN AMERICA Gilbert Charles Orrae By Ki'khnm M. By Frpncis

first with L. reference only book S. Church D. and The scholarly enlarged Revised a and work with

.. subjects. side references 319 index covering. 3000 handy is dicentral thesis that the Book of Mormon

vine. $2.00 DRAGON AND THE MAN

John A. Widtsoe By YOUNG THE chest gospel themes, enriched of practical with BRIGHAM A treasure many applications and apt anecdotes. MAN OF THE HOUR $2.00

D. Widtsoe Leah By

$1.00 SERMONS life MINUTE of the volume and A remsrVnble

Jr. Zobell, Albert L. By... of leader accomplishments a great

collection leaders. Short, quotations pointed Church from A told gifted graphicly author. a by

of statements striking ihose always remember want to we

DISCOURSES WILFORD OF $1.50 too oftenMIRACLESforget. $2.50 MODERNbut WOODRUFF Stoke?- By Jeremiah Homer By G. Durham

is incidents for the Faithpromoting sincere reader. Here direct, powerful teachand The clear,

OURcomlort,BOOKassurance,OF MORMONand increased faith in divine power.$2.50 ingsPresidentof ofWilfordthe L. D.Woodruff,S. Church.fourth

Sperry B. Sidney By OF help to the volume designed student gain a better acDISCOURSES A

$3.00 ORSON PRATT with the quaintan.e of Book Mormon.

B. N. Lundwall By $2.00 PRINCE OF UR of discourses a portion published Being D. Widtsoe Leah By this of the gifted restored expounder

historical filled novel, with adventure and gospel.of

of story of the Chaldees."in "Ur Abraham Aromance—thefastmoving

$2.25 THINGS RESTORATION ALL OF $1.75 FAMILY ETERNAL

Joseph Fielding Smith By By Roy A. West

A series of articles dealing with basic principles of the gosThis volume unfolds to youth and parpel as applied to the crusade against unbelief and sin. ents that home life may be a great adSONG EVERLASTING $2.50 gress.venture on the road to eternal proBy Paul Bailey

story, appealing beautiful colored with richly woven An $2.00 PLATES GOLDEN belief, tbeads history, and tradition.

Florence Pierce By $1.25 JESUS OFof Mormon STORY

to intended resemble unique book A Eliza R. By Snow

plates, golden the offering a comprebook, will to he.p people which young and adults A splendid

of plates the picture hensive as to conunderstand ministry. his and

tents appearance. and

$1.75 SUNLIGHTbetter AND ChristSHADOWS By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. TO WHOM IT MAY

book designed hand A $3.00 for the use of those who are called CONCERN

at to speak funerals. upon By Marvin O. Ashton

THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL $3.00 Through plain, simple language, kind-

A volume showingBytheE.historyL. Whiteheadand identification of the four stillly goodtoucheshumor,the theheartslate ofBishopcommonAshtonfolk

branches of the main roots of Israel (Juda). everywhere.

Add 2% sales tax in Utah Check the list above and mail.

Enclosed is $ Send copies of above checked

Name \ddres3 1186 BOOKCRAFTSOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

DECEMBER 1947 827 Planning—The Key to

Successful Monthly Quorum Meetings

the monthly quorum in this present During time the"pREQUENTLY and That Ye May Be Wise years supthe value these of to come a vital of being meeting, instead business meeting dealing with the T\7hen the current priesthood study plements in conjunction with the Docuphysical and spiritual needs of the quorcourse was contemplated, a great mentary History cannot be overem- um, consists of one or two special need was felt for brethren to understand phasized. It would be well to bind

musical numbers and possibly an inand thrill to the early beginnings of the these two lesson supplements into one vited speaker. Occasionally a special Church in this dispensation. Perhaps volume to act as a companion reference

subject, apart from the regular weekly no period in the history of the world, book to volume one of the Documenstudy course, is treated. except during the personal ministry of tary History of the Church. From the

the Savior, recipient has been the of so standpoint of research such a volume life is to brethren Busy whom divine revelation reassurance and vimuch will be invaluable. full can alive of meaningbrantly and

divinity his of the of purposes. and God feeling such purbrethren that for have many To datehardly be blamed

is equal to the record DocumenNo the lesson travel supplement, chased only over requiringa meeting—often tary the written History Church, of the losing of considerof by thereby value the entailing much andlong

the in vividly Smith, Prophet Joseph lessons. less history the of a waste or Church The moreable expense—isdistances this portraying honestly and momenstudied properly cannot have without be quorums Priesthood time.of

It fitting, history. of period tous was

it firstin great actually the reading assist analyzing to and organizedbeen this that therefore, selected should be read the hand. numerous comkingdom of establishing One mayundertaking

as a course of study for the Melchizof its ramiBible, the the mentaries with all on the earth Bookof God upon Priesthood. eviedek these similar or yet which work; anyfications. Surely Mormon, a quorum

the the triumphs, year 1947, During their than purpose or vision carry message and volumes own more nodences the pathos, heartaches of and this pementioned plan the spirit following to conleads the of truththose which life riod to of brought means were by considered a hardly be could will viction.above true to found This be be outline forceful lesson the supplement purpose. this great invital element the course. of present study Those for the general priesthood prepared

Almost without exception the brethcommittee by Elder Joseph Fielding who have devoted time actually to ren who have been called to leadership Smith. For 1948 a companion supplestudying these materials have received

in the various quorums are anxious to ment has been completed. These two an insight and a testimony which they

perform their task acceptably before supplements will cover the entire first highly prize. It is desired that all

the Lord and their brethren. Perhaps volume of The Documentary History brethren partake of the splendid opporthe extent to which brethren fail in this of the Church. tunity herein afforded.

unto not is largely dueachievement inquiries dibeen have Numerous in people negligent readAs become is or what expectedderstanding what inquirrected headquarters to Church ing studying things the of and God, quorthe upon devolveresponsibilities ing availibility the of this docuabout spirituality declines. everThis is an the understanding to aidum. As an outlines. history the lesson and mentary

full purposes and objectives of quorums There is still an ample stock of volume present danger, and brethren are cauand the task which they are expected one of the Documentary History of the tioned against it by availing themselves to accomplish, a Melchizedek PriestChurch. Copies may be secured from of the privilege which guided study and

hood Handbook is now being published. the Deseret Book Company at $1.50 a discussion affords. We urge all brethwill be made available handbookThis to avail inthemselves of these supren of 1947 outline number copy. A

all brethren cost towithout expensive books and utilize them also available are charged plements at the same with the responsibility of priesthood source for twentyfive cents each. properly.

leadership.

Meanwhile a few basic principles are being outlined in the hope that quorum es: Standing committee work; ward and successful, must be made as a represidencies and members may enviteaching assignments; writing letters to sult of prayerful and thoughtful consion with greater clarity the opportunimembers away from home, on missions sideration by the quorum presidency.

ties and responsibilities placed upon the or incapacitated, and reading replies reAs is evident, regular quorum presiquorums of the priesthood. Unless ceived; visits to sick members or abdency council meetings are indispenthis is accomplished, individual quorum sentees; assisting with ordinances in sable. The business to be transacted

members cannot be expected to be fast meetings, at local hospitals, etc.; and presented must come from a vigorenthusiastic, vigorously alive, and makstake and foreign missionary work; ous quorum presidency and rarely from

ing a vital contribution to the kingdom projects and assignments for work in the quorum membership. Here quorum

of God on earth. the temples; quorum, ward, and stake members are given an opportunity to

It should be remembered that the welfare assignments; plans for assistpresent problems encountered in fulmonthly quorum meeting is the business ing needy members to secure necessary filling their assignments. Here sugmeeting of the quorum. After customemployment and needed rehabilitation, gestions and recommendations may be

ary greetings by the quorum presidency both temporally and spiritually; organeffected by counseling wisely together.

and an invocation, the major portion izing social activities of various kinds; If such a program is conscientiously

of the time should be used in receiving reviewing stake priesthood leadership adopted, there will be little if any time reports on assignments made, counselmeeting assignments. The field of acfor special speakers and lessons. Quoing on problems encountered and pretivities is unlimited. rum members will thrill with such a

senting plans and specific assignments From the foregoing it is evident that program because they will see in it thoughtfully and prayerfully considreports cannot be received unless asfarsighted objectives and purposes, beered. These reports and assignments signments have been made. Likewise, nevolent activities and a genuine spirit

should cover all of the following phasassignments, in order to be purposeful of brotherhood.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

TWELVE—CONDUCTEDHAROLDBY THE B.GENERALLEE, CHAIRMAN;PRIESTHOODEZRACOMMITTEETAFT BENSON,OF THEMARIONCOUNCILG. ROMNEY,OF THE

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG,

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH Wolves in Jkeep'd

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE

Llothi pleted and mailed to the chairman of stake Melchizedek PriesthoodAdvice Concerning the comAmong the thirteen speakers who 1 mittee not later than January the Columbia BroadcastAnnual Reports It is requested that quorum presiwere on dents and counselors go individually ing System "You and Alcohol"radio

HPhe annual confidential Melchizedek when interviewing quorum members, program last winter was one representPriesthood reports should be comnot as a presidency. Confidential mating the Licensed Beverage Industries,

pleted by December 31 of this year. ters may be more freely discussed when Inc. He presented a point of view in

Considerable work will be entailed by only one quorum officer and a member opposition to that calling for legal elimsome quorums in completing this task are present. Care should be exercised ination, stated by its proponent thus:

that time. following suggesby The to the avoid to embarrassment any so alcohol causes much Since beveragetions in restated are effort to lend an not interview should member. be The admitted freely areas, in so many damage assistancewhat rendered be by may is in while conducted the presence he its friends, its well foes we as as by by

the general priesthood committee. his family. of the of There members legal procfair, educational, and is should by

An annual report is required from no need to ask questions, the answers esses, move toward a real democratic seteach quorum of the Melchizedek to which are already known to you. tlement of this problem, remembering that

Priesthood. The responsibility for obNeither quorum secretaries nor education demands adequate legislation.

taining the report from each quorum group leaders are to be asked to assist rests with the stake Melchizedek quorum presidencies in conducting This speaker, Mr. Herbert H, ParPriesthood committee, whose duty it these interviews. ish, quoted Lincoln as saying

is reports, to audit enter obtain and rethis survey, avoid making When

Liquor may have its defenders, but no the stake on andthem summary in this information, mail cording except any the stake summary to the general priestreport, which will identify any member defense.

as possible as committee soonhood is conthe This a with answers made. talk presenting the radio reading Onafter before 31 and January December of report, fidential the statements and the liquor's alcohol side problem, of we

15. strictest in the held should be members is true felt as Lincoln's that statement

is It that evident examination upon confidence.

its the fact. defender on Liquor had to imthethe report emphasizes annual practice questionsending of The frankof his lack but program, C.B.S.

living the ofportance each member this inforin obtain naires to form any is that alcohol in a facadmitting ness the of Brethren Church.standards is approved. not mation a major in cases very many tor—and the Priesthood bear and Holy interwhowho each has been member When evils, troubles, of a multitude factor—in leadership are expectpositions ofhold should presidency the viewed, quorum of the us crimes, reminds and wrongs,

their lives in keeping conduct toed to each of take a list members quorum clothing."in sheep's phrase, "wolves

with the word of the Lord. respective bishop at the end of the year He said of those who drink in this counPart one of the report specifies that and ascertain each member's tithing try,

each quorum president and counselors, record as to whether he is a full tithein the order of their seniority, shall sign payer, part tithepayer, nontithepayer... ninetyfive percent remained modhis name and make a personal stateor is exempt from the payment of tithes. erate drinkers throughout their lives and

ment as to whether his life is in harIt is expected that chairmen of stake show no ill effects of any kind.

mony with the questions asked. The Melchizedek Priesthood committees

quorum secretary is not required to will order sufficient copies of the quoAre all the evils, wrongs, sins, and make such a statement. An original rum confidential annual report for crimes in which liquor is a factor comonly of part one is to be made and no distribution to each Melchizedek Priestmitted by the five percent who drink

copy thereof retained by the quorum. hood quorum of the stake. These chairexcessively, not being able to control

Upon close examination of part two men should determine which quorums their drinking? Every traffic officer

of the report it will also be evident that already have available report forms knows that it is the driver who has had only upon the basis of a personal interand then order from the general priest- "only a drink or two"that is involved view with every quorum member who hood committee whatever additional in the accident. This fact gives the

is living at home, can the report be number of reports are necessary. A letreason why the National Safety Counmade to reflect the true status of quoter dated October 30, 1947, addressed cil recommends that traffic laws make

rum members with regards to the standto presidents of stakes and counselors, it illegal for anyone to drive a motor ards of the Church as set forth thereprovided an order blank for this purcar who has more than 0.05 percent of

in. pose. alcohol in his blood. Two drinks will

Members of the presidency of each These annual reports provide an exnot, generally, make a person drunk.

quorum of high priests, seventies, and cellent barometer for determining the No, it is not the drunk who is guilty elders are to interview personally each activity and devotion among the priestof the crime but instead the moderate quorum member who is living at home hood of the Church. We urge all drinker who has taken only enough to

to determine his answer to the items, brethren responsible to exercise exmake him a "daredevil."

excepting percentage items and tithing treme prudence and care in completing The C.B.S. defender of alcohol said,

questions, so this report may be comthis task. (Concluded on page 834)

DECEMBER 1947 829!!!|ll!!!lIllISHlill!!l!!!|Sl!!!

VL PRES

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP L.D.S. Girls

OUTLINE OF STUDY JANUARY 1948 Youth Speaks '"Phe lesson for January will be a review of the study material presented The following is a stimulating adin this column for January and Febdress on the accomplishments of the ruary of 1946. The helps and informa- L.D,S. girls program. Nancy Salisbury

tion presented during the past two years spoke before the mothers and daughters have been so valuable that we desire session of a recent Kolob Stake quarterly were 463 conference. Therethey be reviewed reemphasized. and NANCY in attendance. mothers and daughters SALISBLRY in this month, column,Each we will

thesuggest lessons to be reviewed, and Tn a booklet compiled by the late Presvary to in numberthey may from one three. ident Heber J. Grant entitled TreasRealizing that not everyone will have ures I Would Share he quotes from a

letter William George received from he filekept complete a Improvein greater of The ulated desire to learn a me as follows: 9, 1909, Jordan, November

Iment Section and the of Era Church of gospel. the the message more of

The Deserel News for the past two No religion is worthy of anything unless find that I like to attend sacrament years for reference, we will mimeoit yields, dividends—dividends of finer inmeeting, Sunday School, and M.I.A.

graph the lessons suggested for review dividual lives, of true brotherhood, of highOther girls of my age and in my group each month and mail this material dier uplift in the affairs of everyday life. likewise are influenced to attend their

rect to each bishop one month in adIn my preparation for this assignmeetings, and together we learn more vance. The bishop should immediatement, I have counted the dividends that of the gospel and its ordinances. It has

ly turn the material over to the leader have been paid to me as a member created an interest in our group to parwho presents the lessons and thus proof the Church of Jesus Christ of ticipate in discussions in Sunday School vide him with opportunity to make Latterday Saints. Dividends of a finer and M.I.A. classes. It has taught me

preparation.adequate the the meaning of and importance brothertruer a life—of in sacrament. Through my interests uplift in of the affairs higher individualhood—of

I girl leadership the program, have life. everyday PriesthoodAaronic

I find that I am the recipient of these learned more of the Church welfare blessings or dividends because of the program, and I have been able to assist it and to encourage others to be inIncreased Quorum broad program of youth leadership in

I its in objectives. terested have been I find that the Church. sponsored by RequirementsAward tithto the of observe encouraged law is small compared investment own my

ing, the learned importance I have and in forth effort put to the increase in time and to the myT17e call attention two of the requirements of the behalf by those who are in charge of of the observance of fast day and fast

Standard Quorum Award for 1947 as the girl leadership work in my ward offerings.

projtogether welfare on Working their efforts stake. in this Through at and attendance Minimumfollows: ( 1 )

of comradeship, cultivates a spirit appreciate more ects to learned I have meeting increasedsacrament from twentyfive percent to thirty percent; my membership in this great Church. a desire to help one another, a willinghelp others. to to ness make sacrifices the gos- I appreciate to learned have asof priesthood number ( 2 ) minimum In the Harwood: words of W. D. imhas been its which pel message filled and seventyfivesignments by at least

percent of quorum members increased pressed upon my mind, and its imporNo man ever gets who does not give; no

from twelve to thirty. tance has been brought clearly to my man ever gains a new idea or a new and

These increases affect only the conscience. I humbly acknowledge my noble thought, or does some good thing for

Standard Quorum Award and are congratitude for membership in the Church the advancement of the world who does tained in the current Aaronic Priestof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. not first give something from himself, and it

hood Handbook issued January 1, 1947. The girl leadership program has stimis only as a man absolutely gives himself

wholly and unreservedly that he can hope to do the great good. Strangely enough,

the more he gives, the more is given him to do with.

"THE HIGH ROAD"These lads, four deacons, I know that the gospel is true, and priest, teacher, one and one that if I keep of the the commandments

North Sunset Ward, I blessings that will receive Davis Lord, are priesthood?take, attended

meetsacrament meeting and for promised to those who are faithful. percent hundred ing one

six taken were months It is and this prayer that work my humble in clouds ride the (or a for in and its influence good grow by may their Smith. leader, Keith

it means what They know to the world increase, that we may all travel road,"high "the really. strive to live to be worthy of membership in this great organization.

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BISHOPRICS PAGE (L*clLted bu <=>Lee Af. laumer

L.D.S. Girls: all names correctly; (6) write in a sidered as participation in a Church

legible hand—use a typewriter wherwelfare project. Credit may only be

Aaronic Priesthood ever possible; (7) have applications taken when girls assist in projects origsigned by all designated officers; (8) inating with the Church welfare comCare Urged in allowlivery atof leastawardsthirtyafterdaysthe applicationsfor the demitteeand wards.and assigned to regions, stakes,

: May girls who buy aprons, Applying for Awards are approved by the Presiding BishQuestion

opric; (9) if awards are desired by a yard goods, or other materials and who

A special order blank for requesting certain date, please specify. then donate them to a ward welfare

application blanks for quorum, For further details, read the instrucproject receive credit for participation group, and individual awards for the tions appearing on the application in a Church welfare project?

Aaronic Priesthood and Latterday blanks and in the handbooks for both Answer: Yes. Girls who make a perSaint girls was sent to each bishop Noprograms. sonal contribution of materials, time, or

vember 1. Only official application money directly to the Church welfare

credit receive toward are to program blanks should be used in applying for L.D.S. Girls the and the Standard Group Award awards.

A separate application is to be made Individual Certificate of Award.

for the quorum or group award, while Questions and Answers Question: Under what conditions

each application for the individual may girls be considered exempt from award provides for fifteen names. Question: May girls qualify for the the payment of tithing?

We offer a few suggestions for your Individual Certificate of Award and reAnswer: Girls who have neither

guidance in submitting applications for ceive credit toward the Standard earned money nor received allowances, awards: { 1 ) Do not submit an applicaGroup Award through participating gifts of money, or other valuable contion unless all minimum requirements with only their own families in sendsideration worthy to be tithed, are

are met as specified; (2) do not ask ing direct relief to relatives at home or exempt from the payment of tithing.

for exceptions—there are none; (3) anin faroff lands? It is well to remember, however, that

swer every question in. full; (4) use Answer: No. Such an undertaking is parents are to observe the law of tithonly 1947 application blanks; (5) spell a family project and is not to be coning and teach it to their children.

Bishop Fran of the leadership under BIG STAKE, LOVELL WARD, HORN fiftythree qualified percent for the Standard Group hundred Award and gi <cIs H.wereBrownawardedis strongthe forIndividualyouth. CertificateThe Latterdayof AwardSaint girlsfor 1946.in the TheupperAaronicphoto one

Priesthood members in the lower photo are now putting the finishing touches on t,eir sixth year in qualifying one hundred percent for the Standard Quorum

Award.

The bishopric, with the assistance of their Aaronic Priesthood and Latte --day Saint girl leaders, feted the combined groups to a turkey banquet. They

all feel it's wonderful to live in the Love// Ward where leadership and youth a e so united to their mutual blessing.

SPBll pit!'-':p;!:ji|

liKC, wm s/<. B

*'M

SisWS-i/ B: 5::

FIRST PRESIDENCY PROPOSES STAKE AND

WARD MUSICAL ORGANIZATIONS Opens January 5 at To Presidents of Stakes and Bishops of Wards

Brethren:Brigham Young Dear

is a most important part services of our religious our recreaand University jlusictional activities. supervision Proper essential to are and direction

the end that high standards in music literature as well as in musical

New classes will be open performance be maintained. In order that the music program of the

effective, Church respectfully most be made the following submit we in all departments for students instructions ask that and to you give careful attention you to these who plan to enter college in proposals in setting up your stake and ward musical organizations:

the Winter Quarter. I. Stake music committee

An expanded offering of That the stake music committee be composed of the following:

courses and a rich series of A. Chairman, stake music director (appointed by stake presidency).

operas, concerts, dramas, and His duties concern the organization and business of the music forces of the stake.

lecturers make attendance B. Adviser, member of stake presidency or an appointee, preferably

during this term especially from the high council, profitable. C. One or two members at large, if desirable and thought necessary,

including the stake organist.

Students not previously registered at B.Y.U. should send Duties

applications immediately.

1 To receive and disseminate to wards and stake, material and

REGISTRATION DATES instructions from the general music committee.

2. To coordinate the music program of the stake.Jan. 6—Freshmen and Sophomores 3. To arrange exchange of ward choirs, music for stake conferfestivals.Jan. 5—Juniors and Seniors ences, and music

4. To provide music leadership and special musical numbers for

(Spring Quarter begins March 22) stake priesthood and other meetings. This leadership may be

borrowed from the wards of the stake.

5. To encourage ward music committee members and others to

organists, Brigham Young participateas providedinunderclassestheofdirectioninstructionof forthe conductorsgeneral musicandcommittee.

University Procedure

PROVO. UTAH At the beginning of each season, preferably early September, the

stake music committee should call in the stake conductors and organists of all priesthood groups and auxiliary organizations. Representatives

of each organization should state its music program for the coming season as completely as possible, and from this information should be [Skilled Hands worked out a thoroughly coordinated music program for the stake that

Mean Higher Pay. willfor all.be helpful and practical, with no conflicts and with opportunities

The decisions and recommendations of this committee should be transmitted to each ward music chairman not later than September 15, so that the information will be available for the meeting of the ward music committee to be held during the latter part of September.

Quish training has 2#v.sands.paid dividendsStudentsto thou-.reII. Ward music committee

ceive training intensive under supervision of That the ward music committee be composed of the following experts-.Enrofl, anytime. bishopric. of ward Chairman, member SEND FOR FREE CATALOG A.

of and organists B. Conductors the choir, priesthood, and each

V\ SCHOOL OF auxiliary organization of the ward.

BERUTV338 SOUTHCULTURE'MAIN

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MUSIC

Duties 1. To coordinate the music program of the ward by determining

times and places for the various musical groups to rehearse and appear. 2. To enroll in classes of instruction for Church conductors and

organists as provided by the general music committee, and to encourage other prospective conductors and organists to do likewise. 3. To provide opportunity for musical expression by all who are

qualified to participate.

4. To encourage a high standard of performance at all times.

Procedure The ward music committee should hold a meeting during the month of September and at such intervals as ward circumstances and needs may suggest, at which time a complete program of the ward's musical Since the announcement of activities for the coming season should be discussed and coordinated.

the President's Food ConserIII. Ward choirs vation Program, we have ad-

A. That the ward choir be recognized as the regular singing group

for the ward sacrament meeting, and that all other singing groups hered 100%, serving no meat (youth choruses, singing mothers, priesthood choruses, etc.) on Tuesdays, no poultry or

participate in the sacrament meeting only with the approval of the bishopric after consultation with choir officials. eggs on Thursdays, and rolls

B. That the selection of singers for the ward choir be made by the only upon request.

choir leader with the approval of the choir president and the It is our belief that if this ward bishopric as to worthiness.

nationwide program results C. That an adequate choir organization might be as follows:

1. Conductor in the saving of only one life

2. Organist in Europe, it is well worth the

3. President small sacrifice we are asked

4. Secretarytreasurer to make.

5. Librarian

December and January are 6. Ward music chairman, to assist in obtaining choir personnel

(member of bishopric) critical months in Western 7. Assistant conductor and organist (if desired) Europe. Millions may die of

D. That the choir be under the direction of the ward bishopric. The starvation unless we all help

stake music director will be expected to give supervision to such choir organizations, and he in turn will receive helpful instrucnow.

tions from the general music committee. Won't you observe this conIV. Youth choruses servation program at home,

A. That choruses for the socalled teenage girls, under the Lattertoo? Thank you.

day Saint girls program be not organized except under the direction of the Mutual Improvement Associations or as members of the ward choir.

B. That Aaronic Priesthood choruses may be organized but should

not conflict with the Scout and M Men choruses sponsored by the Mutual Improvement Association.

Trusting that these instructions will be helpful to you in giving proper attention to this important phase of our work, we are

Faithfully yours,

The First Presidency

DECEMBER 1947 833 NOLIQUOR-TOBACCOCOLUMN IS (Concluded from page 829) Sham pretentions that the industry does

The scientists say that the root of alconot want the patronage of people who '+ NEWER BUS3 bottle."holism liesSuchin a"themanman"shouldandlearnnot toin avoid"the drinkTo tooquotemuch!the defender again:

+M0RESEM8 alcohol in any form. The industry believes in and is promoting

But he failed to say that scientists, the principle of moderation.... We want

people to enjoy our products and not abuse or doctors, or individuals—or anyone

can ever know in advance whether a them.

moderateholic—onedrinkerwho willcannotbecomecontrolan alcohis enjoymentAnd so to(forinducewhatpeopleothertoreasondrink fordo

drinking. The chanqe from controlled many people get drunk?) the industry

to uncontrolled drinking occurs suddenspends more than one hundred million ly and without warning. And this is dollars annually in advertising which,

true whether the drinker be educated

Jolly Ol'St. Nick wants to hitch a ride or ignorant, a manager or laborer, a... is one of the most fruitful means of

increasing business sales. promoting and of year. with this doctor it is estiGreyhound He knows layman. or a And

advertising... Liquor negates the educasomething! faster are buses Our newest million three in drinkers mated that

tional efforts of the the home, school and are comfortable schedules and more—are America of percent alcoholics—six... the church the of alcohol. on dangers plentiful. seats more more frequent—all to begin drink. in the who And it is foolish to teach the youth dangers How choice for careyour Make Greyhound of language Mrs. execuMann, Marty of liquor while the stuff allowing to be adfree too. holiday leave can You tive director, National for Committee in vertised the alluring terms. most you're when you when like—returntrips, Education of on Alcoholism—cured ready. you'll Fares? and go Compare—the hollow claims the of deHow this "disease"Alcoholics by AnonyOverland Greyhound.

mous: fender when his industry by its intriThere are no I suffered physically, mentally, emotionpeopleguing and falsifying ads tries to induce

every departsocially—in

honestly, I tell you, and... to drink alcoholic beverages as an lotver fares! ally,ment financially,of my life.

on behalf of those three million suffering unalloyed good that all prosperous and successful men, women, and youth are exalcoholism V E PLAN D human beings—alcoholics—that

use! pected to is the most painful disease known to man. GREYHOUND

Yes, it is probably true that the Operated by LINES TRANSIT INTERSTATE the defender, But and PACIFIC INCORPORATED STAGES, UNION referred to above, alcoholic beverage industries would these says alcoholics prefer there were no alcoholics, for... have yet to learn that even in the these undoubtedly help give a "black

good things of life, moderation is the best eye"to their business. So they conpolicy. tribute to research work—the objective

of which is to discover an inexpensive

But he fails to state, as we said medical cure for alcoholism. This done,

above, that the change from moderatheir efforts to get everybody to drinktion to excess occurs suddenly and ing would doubtless be greatly intensiBack Again! withoutand onlywarning.sure policyHenceforbyeveryonefar the bestis fied.alcoholButis letnotnogoodsaneforpersonman. forgetThe Lordthat

never to begin drinking. No one ever has said it. Yes, an advocate of drinkThe Thrill of HomeMade falls over a precipice who does not go ing is a wolf in sheep's clothing.

near one. The defender says the inTo the liquor beverage industry we

dustry does not want the business of say: Gentlemen, if you sincerely want

the excessive drinker. How lonq since? to cure alcoholism—a result—why not

With sugar again plentiful, you'll When did the industry stop selling to be logical and try to eliminate the want to make holiday candies at drinkers under the influence of alcohol? cause of alcoholism?

home this season. So Morning Milk

has compiled easyto-make, delirecipes waiting for cious—you DECEMBER IN CHURCH HISTORY

grocer's. They're at your today

FREE—another Morning Milk ser- (Concluded from page 826) contemplated to send emigrants

vice for your home. City Fourteenth Ward by Richard from Europe, by way of Panama,

Ballantyne. the Gulf of California, and Up the

Ask Your Grocer for These FREE On December 1, 1851, the British Colorado River to this landing,

Recipes Made with SmoothRich Mission of the Church consisted of which was the head of navigation on the Colorado.

fortyfour conferences, 679 branchBecause of the persecution andMORNING MILK es, and 32,894 members. the legal proceedings against the

A landing and site for a Church Church, resulting from antipolyg- warehouse, afterwards known as amy legislation, all the workmen on

Call's Landing, was selected by the Temple Square, Salt Lake City,

Anson Call, on the Colorado River, were discharged, and work on the 125 miles from St. George, Decemtemple was suspended, December

ber 17, 1864. At this time it was 31, 1887.

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Just Farmall Tractors alone—a million of

them!

International Harvester has built many hundreds of thousands of other tractors, too.

We're not counting them in.

Think what a million means. That's 20,833 sfcThe Farmall name New FARMALL CUB tracsmall for farms. Also

state for in the union every Tractors large that Farmall farms need is an IH trademark torfor tractor. extra an for every one Farmalls That's (average). 325

of the 3,072 counties in the United States. And registered in the

the vast majority of the 999,999 Farmalls that U.S. Patent Office.

followed the Original All Purpose Farmall

Tractor in 1923—nearly 9 out of every 10 of ONLY International

them—are on the job today.

In every rowcrop farming area of the Harvester makes

United States the great overwhelming tractor Farmall Tractors.

favorite is the Farmall. Look around you,

anywhere. The evidence is on the farms, for FARMALL A, a 1-row,

every man to see. "Culti1plow-Vision."tractor with

Today, with the advent of the Farmall Cub, there are five sizes of Farmalls and matched equipment for all—your choice at the store

of your International Harvester Dealer. Rely

on the Farmall System and the record set by a million Farmall Tractors.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois FARMALL B for 2- row..as. Samein the Listen to James Melton on "Harvest of Stars"tractorFARMALLfor H-the anaverageideal cultivation.peppy engine Every Sunday. NBC Network. quartersection farm. Farmall A.

FARMALL Fits EVERY Farmers NEED

DECEMBER 1947 835 Christmas Peace (Concluded from page 809) assurance where the ease and enjoy of YOUR CHRISTMAS GIFT IS OGRE each member shared and work is the family responsible. You can feel

of the fun lightheartedness the and Proudly We Present the New 1948 loyalty family and where "palship"are dominant.

Do not think that parents can acMusical They complish all this alone. Do not think

gifts bring a that it is easy to reconcile the interare ests and temperaments of ages from OI 8*1piC lifetime of eight years to eighty years—or in lasting

pleasure some cases from six months to nineThe only Radio tj with TruBase ty years. Do not think that the necSold exclusively by Daynes Music Company essary work of a household can be

The DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY wishes to announce their appoint- "tossed off"in a casual hour or so ment as the exclusive representative in the Intermountain area tor the each day. Do not make the mistake

new OLYMPIC Radiophonograph Combination. See the new 1948 models of believing that the listless and the

now on display. energetic, the studious and the

athletic, the social and the unsocial, the sick and the well, the musicians, the radio fans, and the readers—all WlodsiL living together within one home

De luxe Chippendale Mahoghave no annoyances or grievances to any cabinet. Seeburg autosettle. It is hard for a normal, fairmatic record changer which sized family to live in peace and

silently changes twelve 10"or harmony—in love and consideration

ten 12"records. one with another. But it can be done

if you will do your part. And it is

of such necessity and value that it Price 249 must be done if we are to achieve (Slightly higher with FM) real happiness in this life or any demonstration are invited to a thrilling You of the new OLYMPIC which combines other. It is relatively easy to get into

all the of radio science. improvements modern

Never before have you heard such wonderful music from a radiophonograph. good family habits at Christmas

This new OLYMPIC selections you may enjoywill rendermost, aeither"CONCERTrecordedHALL"music performanceor your choiceof radiothose programs.particular time. If a few families can achieve

Now available on EASY TERMS at no advance in price. this Christmas miracle, others can.

(Evening demonstrations by appointment) If many can, great countries can, and we will have made tremendous progress towards peace on earth.

is a wonderful time to UJbldidDA. Christmas

catch the spirit of home. Home is a

wonderful place to nurture the spirit modeL of Christmas. Loyalty, unselfishness, 18th they Century De luxe FM/AM May cooperation—peace! crotch cabinet with Mahogany Webabide in your heart and your home

ster automatic autorecord changer, matic stop, permanent needle. this Christmas time!

With Frequency Modulation

THE UMBRELLA PINE Price <30a By Merling D. Clyde

ledge a sheer hung the above tortuous gorge FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY ONHigh

Stands a weatherbeaten pine ages old.

From a seedling it grew and flourished,

Spreading beauty;

Sent its roots to pierce the rock for firmer 4547 SOUTH nes hold.

MAIN STREET TornThroughand countlessbuffeted itwindsclingsandtenaciouslywinter's ley cold; SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH Stands a monument, undaunted and unbeaten,

A challenger of storms, defiant, bold!

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith - Prophet (Concluded from page 800) state of manners of the people. The

youth were brought to hear and become familiar with the most sublime moral and beautiful sentiments that ever adorned a language. They heard

the plays of Shakespeare, Racine,

Moliere, Goethe, Schiller, Ibsen, and the playwrights of America.

There came the peace of growing corn and wheat; the peace of cattle

browsing on all the hills; the peace

of streams coming down from the mountainsides; the peace of birds $5.00 for Good Ideas! We agree with Mrs. Carole Ann Griffith of

singing in the gardens; the peace of Los Angeles that sweetening vegetables with

recipe a simple has turned a proud cook Many Syrup makes Tea and Cane Garden Maple stars; the peace sunsetsruddy and rich, into holiday homestyle with Tea fare or roasts. turkey, perfect with them ham

delicacies. that ones printed healed Garden quietof for the days nights and And

the broken hearts; the peace of here,Tea Gardenwe payidea,$5.00witheach.yourSenddealer'syour name,favoriteto Tea Garden Vegetable Medley

cities held people wheretowns and parsnips large extra 11. 2 Co., Tea Garden Products San Francisco,

6 carrots size medium right; i/2 the justice ofto the and laws salt teaspoon 2 tablespoons butter of out that happy homes grewpeace 4 Maple Tea and tablespoons Garden Cane

of California, Lula Grigsby West Coalinga, Syrup of the places worship; sacredand

it's says the that Preserves Tea Peach Garden slice. carrots parsnips Scrub Peel and and

for that of hardpeace comes work little slice. salt in as this butter. for omelet Cook and holiday elegant make Add enough

the building of the institutions of feasting. thewaterTeaasGardenpossible.CaneMashandwhenMapletender.Syrup Addand

civilization, for the kingdom of God. mixwith well.the ServeThanksgivingvery hot turkey.with anyServesmeat or4

Ellsworth Huntington of Yale Tea Garden Peach Omelet or 5.

University has written in his sci- 8 saltedcrackerssoda 1%tablespoonteaspoon saltbutter entific work entitled Civilization and 4%. eggs,cup milkseparated TeaPreservesGarden Peach OneGardenof theBlackberrymany thingsPreserves:you'll likethey'reaboutseedTea

Climate this tribute to the love of Roll the crackers to make very fine crumbs. less! Try this delicacy blended with butter

the Mormons for education: eggAdd whitesto the untilmilk veryand stiff.let stand.Beat theBeatyolksthe and spread lavishly on waffles. Delicious!

to yolks the the colored. until lemon Add stir the crackers. and milk and Add surprisingly educational high in Utah is into whites. in hot the Fold Turnsalt well. egg

Stockton, California, says ofpursuits. a Mrs. M. G. Cole of proud position butter. Let cook The melted containing Utah is pan

(400 this ice slip oven hot into a best "the recipe have makes cream then result of the Mormonism.presumably until the omeor 12 minutes for The moment,F.) about it's easy."ever.. quick and made AndI faith that of had theleaders have Cover delicately wisdom is browned. let puffy and. the the family another enjoy can grand way in fold Preserves, Peach Garden Tea with of schools,to insist system a thorough on hot if flavor at of on Syrups. desired. once Tea Serve Garden middle the

and have obliged the children to attend plates. Serves 4.

them.... Utah is conspicuous [in educaTea Garden Mousse

tion] because it is strongly influenced by a Like syrup with real downeast maple flavor? 3 eggs, separated

unique American institution which is limThen Tea Garden Cane and Maple is for you! 1 cup Tea Garden Syrup (Western Style

or Maple) and Cane hotToast and It's French ivaffles, on area. small grandited to one salt teaspoon V2

... have Readers found Sunset * * * * and cakes 1 pint whipping cream

And it shall come to pass in the last days, more than 50 additional uses for it, too. 1y<itablespooncup chox>pedbutterwalnut meats r

that the mountain of the Lord's house shall Separate the eggs, placing the yolks in the boiler. of a double top until Beat them in the established of the top mountains,be light colored. are they the syrup. Add notes family,"our in Mrs. very popular

hills; stir hot until Place over shall the water the and be exaltedand above her that recipe of about Tucson H. Ferry and all "It'sJohn slightly, 5 thickens syrup minutes.

it. shallnations flow unto with to Tea zest Garden red cabbage chill. salt the adds cold, and new very Add Whenabout

the to slowly shall has cream which people been and go many And

Fold say, StrawberryApple Jelly. addwhipped. over and over Last ye, the mountain and let up to us goCome the cold nuts which fried add haveto beenmix.

in toasted the butter. into a Pour to of ofof the the the Lord, house God Tea Garden or refrigerator Red Cabbage untilmold tray freeze and will he his of teach us andJacob; ways, stirring. quickly 8. without Serves size red cabbage 1 medium

and we will walk in his paths: for out of 2 tart apples

water cup forth shallZion go vinegar cup the law, and the word VslA theof from Jerusalem. Lord cup Tea Garden StrawberryApple Jelly TEA GARDEN PRODUCTS CO. Vs

And he shall judge among the nations, Salt and pepper to taste and shall rebuke many people: and they Shredapples andthe slicecabbage.thinly.CorePlaceandthe waterpare andthe

shall beat their swords into plowshares, vinegar in a kettle and bring to a boil.

and their spears into pruninghooks: nation Addquicklythe tocabbagecover andwell appleswith theandhotturnliquid.over

shall not lift up sword against nation, neiAdd the Tea Garden StrawberryApple ther shall they learn war any more. ( Isaiah Jellyquicklyanduntilsalt tender,and pepperaboutto 12taste.minutes,Cook

2:2-4.) stirring often. Add water only if you must.

The cabbage should cook down and be free of liquid when served. Good hot or served

cold as a relish. Serves 4 or 5.

Right from the berry patch! That's the way

we get the. berries for Tea Garden Blackberry

Jelly. And we cook them home style... in

small batches. That's why Tea Garden Blackberry Jelly tastes so good on muffins, biscuits,

cornbread. *n*t n*f*r*n** PRESERVES JELLIES TABLE SYRUPS GRAPE JUICE MARASCHINO CHERRIES

DECEMBER 1947 837

Too Many Children (Continued from page 807) Just as she was ready to start for school, Daddy drove up. He looked

tired and thin, but he was smiling, and he picked her up in his arms and threw her toward the ceiling, ChhldimjDUu (didn't he know she was too old for that?) saying, "Well, sweetheart, you've got a new brother.

The cutest, pinkest, roundesteyed

Ljive baby since... well, since you were

born."little, and she The Priceless Gift That warmed her a said, "Was I really cute, Daddy?"

of Inspiration to "You bet you were,"he assured her, kissing her forehead and low- b i National b l e s Your Loved Ones ering her to the floor while he beSINCE 1863... AT! YOUR BOOKSTORE

gan talking to Aunt Cecile who was

Your Neighbors asking about Mama, asking how

Your Friends sheshe waswas fine.and everything.Very tired, butHe restsaid

Investigators ing now.

Lyla Mae pulled at his overcoat asking, anxiously, "Can't I stay home from school and go with you up to see her?"

Your thoughtfulness will be an- "They don't allow children in nounced on a handsome Christmas where there are babies, afraid they'll card. bring in some germs. They probably won't even let me see him except

through a glass wall."

"You mean, I can't go up to see her at all?"she asked, incredulously.

tye Jatprmttment Era "I'm afraid not."

What she wanted to say was, 12 Issues $2.00 "Not even on Christmas? Not even

to take her presents?"But the words

didn't come. She tied her scarf

o qXq o2#*o 025*0 qfq around her head and went out of the door while both of them were so interested in talking that they didn't RETURNED MISSIONARIES even notice. So, it meant that neiBusiness training offers one of the shortest roads to ther Daddy nor Mama would be with

financial independence. Returned missionaries, vether Christmas. That was nice. Well,

erans, and other young men and women planning to let them have the baby. She didn't

enter business or civil service should investigate opcare if they wouldn't let her see him. She didn't care.

portunities offered here.

Returned missionaries are given special tuition rates; 1/ or the next day or two she

veterans have full advantages of G. I. Bill of Rights. kept mostly to herself and on Friday

and Saturday, feeling very old, she alone to finish went Christup her L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

lost mas shopping. She felt a little North Main 70 Salt Lake City 1, Utah Tel. 3-2765

in the hurrying crowds because al-

L. D. S. Business College ways before she and Mama had

70 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah gone together. She had sent her

Please send me full information about your school. I am a... mother down the aisle to look at

Returned Missionary High School Graduate something while she bought a gift

Veteran College Student or Graduate for her. She supposed she knew

Name: what it was, but they both pretended

she had no idea, and maybe, if she

Address knew, she forgot for she always acted really surprised and awfully 838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ghmlmaAJToo Many Children Scuf. "TlleAJiy.

glad when she saw the gifts on

Christmas morning.

for everybody. bought had She

fifty cents left besides her wtik an. ARGOFLEXShe had

carfare, and she could use that all Versatile, highquality, 35mm camera—easy, ecoright for a double rich malted milk nomical to operate. Automatic range finder, acand a sandwich. She would go to tualsizeYou'll be viewproudfinder,of yourshutterchoicespeedswhen hisup toArgoflex1/200.

the counter in the five and ten cent pictures start coming backl store and that would give her a suggestions: camerachance to rest, too, and count up Other

Argus C-3. 35mm,her money to be sure she hadn't lost Clarus 35mm, withwithrangerangefinderfinderandandcasecase $ 122.7574.71

any. As she walked down the MovieFoldingCamerasCameras and Projectors -...$ 65.0025.00 andand upup

aisle, this jostled beingcrowded

Visit our new store, or write for information, Mail orders LINGUAPHONE... Going to teachesforeign thelands?new promptly. handled people, the bigger and that byway

herselfshe language quickly, correctly. found almost once throughand Used recommended

If out the world. Complete course SALT LAKE CAMERA & theypushed a counter. up against

text records books, and like that, to going she withwere shove STORE MOVIE this $50. with Return ad DISTRIBUTORS order VISUAL EDUCATION as well for staymight here a moor inquiry.

ment and let them by. She turned 111 East 2nd South Salt Lake City Tel. 9-3975

to the things for sale before her and was surprised to see soft, woolly baby blankets, baby bottles and bonnets and pink and blue rattles with rabbits or baby bears on them. FOR THE FINEST IN BASKETBALL EQUIPMENT

In spite of herself she found herself in at thelooking doll dressed baby FOR 194748 clothes admiringbaby and it. She

wondered if their baby would look like that and how long it would be before it would be that fat. She

picked up one of the prettiest rattles,made in the shape of a drum with M-Men COMPETITIONtiny bears holding drumsticks painted on, she shook it and smiled A NEW at the sound it made. NAME

The clerk was in front of her now SPORTINGIN asking, "Can I help you?"Lyla Mae GOODS

felt the smooth fiftycent piece in DISTRIBUTION the palm of her hand. She thought of

the thick creamy chocolate malted milk and the minced ham sandwich. Place your orders now at any of these Bennett stores:

Then she looked at the rattle again, BENNETT'S,—BENNETT'S,SaltOgden—EASTSIDELake City—LOGANGLASSHARDWARE,& PAINTLoganCO.,

shook it. She told the clerk, "Yes, Idaho Falls—BENNETT'S, Provo—IDAHO GLASS & PAINT

I'll take this one."When it was all CO., Pocatello.

—shewrappedwouldn'tand she puttookitit inin herthe handsack

with the other thinks she had—she

was surprised to find that she really wasn't hungry any more... or tired Kate Smith Says... HERE'S A

either. the funniest thing of And all, THRILLING NEW OFFERas she walked her toward she bus

A BEAUTIFUL EMPIRE didn't feel lonely either. Somehow,

little rattling inthe noise her hand ONLY FOR APRONas she along walked company, was a package TAB from And a pouring was like having someone there beof PAR GRANULATED SOAP

Pleaseside her—her mother, or a little NY Gentlemen:

brother..-"*'tf*W=5r& o BBSS

COMPARE WITH APRONS.L/ADDY helped her wrap SELLING FOR

i address 00or moreher presents and trim the tree, then *1 as they put them under the tree she said, "Will you take mine up to OtFer U. only good inrestricted

value coupon orts taxed,city. of S. Voidor prohibitedl/10cent.if this formin yourof merchandisingstate, county, \ *oWUd soap. Cashlicensed, on Christmas?"Mother

{Continued on page 840) DECEMBER 1947 839 TOO MANY CHILDREN (Continued from page 839) ing, "Time to get to bed. Grandma turned over and closed her eyes.

"I'll see,"he said, suddenly very will be here bright and early to start She might just as well sleep a little interested in the wire on one of the on that turkey."longer—the day would be long

Christmas ornaments that had fallen "I'm glad she's coming here inenough anyway. When she awoke

off. Ordinarily, she would have said, stead of us going there. It makes it again, there was the smell of spicy

"You'd better,"saucily but the hurt seem a little more like other years. pumpkin pies baking in the oven, of

within was still too raw, too proud You will be here for dinner, won't turkey being browned. For a moto be admitted. She moved the gaily you?"ment it seemed that everything was

colored packages around a little on "Certainly I will. I wouldn't miss all right, that Mama was singing in

the glistening cotton. Suddenly, not it. Why, it's been years since my the bright kitchen, that her presents

really knowing that she was going own mother cooked my Christmas were waiting to be opened, to be to say it, she asked her father, "Do dinner."shared. Then she remembered. She

you think there are too many chilShe looked at him, searched his was tempted to put her head down dren in the world?"face quietly. Didn't he miss Mama? under the covers and stay there un-

"Heavens, no,"he answered, his Didn't he know that it couldn't postil Grandma or Daddy took enough voice very serious above the sound sibly be the same? She found no interest to come and wake her up.

of Christmas carols being sung on answer, for he told her, "Hurry up Still, curiosity got the best of her, the radio. "What hope would there now. I'll come and tuck you in."and she slipped to the edge of the

be for the world if it weren't for bed, put her feet into her fuzzy children?"1 he next morning she mules and took her white robe. As

"But maybe just one child woke early; other years she would she came out, Grandma heard her

wouldn't make much difference."have leaped from the bed, now she and called, "Merry Christmas. Mer-

"Ah, but who knows what any ry Christmas."

one child can be or do? Take our "Merry Christmas,"she answered OUR PRAYER not too enthusiastically yet temptedbaby, for instance; he can become

just about anything that you and I By J. Harry Peterson anyway by the pretty packages, the

and your mother try to make of him. IN our joy and in our sorrow, gleaming, goodsmelling tree.

asked, alAllowing of course that he is in ThatTeachour livesus howand toheartshumblemaybe;borrow "Where's Daddy?"she

agreement."He laughed then, addStrength and comfort, Lord, from thee. most reconciled to the fact that the

FOUR BOOKS IDEAL AS GIFTS

AND FOR YOUR OWN LIBRARY AS WELL By MILTON R. HUNTER

Mail Orders Promptly Filled LIST BOOKS WANTED Enclosed Payment $ Send C.O.D

NAME ADDRESS Add 2% sales tax in Utah.

See other Bookcraft listings on page of this magazine 1186

Salt SOUTHLake CityMAIN4, Utah 840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Too Many Children three of them would have fun opening, seeing.

"He had an errand to run. He'll

be back pretty quick."

"You mean... you mean, he

went without even telling me, without wanting to see the presents?"

"Well, child, it's after nine o'clock. You really slept in like a

good one."Grandmother was standing in the door now, smiling; Lyla

Mae ran over and kissed her cheek, so that she wouldn't maybe notice the tears in her eyes, "I guess maybe—"I'll waitshe said,awhilemotioningbefore Iratheropen blindthese

ly toward the tree. Then as she

looked she saw the baby's rattle right on top of everything with its ModelSpokaneC cultivatingCounty, Wash.corn,

enormous silver and blue bow. "I-I

thought Daddy would take that to said, tornthe hospital,"she between

it to the to give and WITH RONTMOUNTED IMPLEMENTS babywanting all ahead of the in difference ofher resentment against him. Planters,driver's seat.cultivators,No blindfertilizerspot behindattachments,you. Whatmowera world—

"I'll tell you what, you come and comfort and accurate work!

eat your breakfast, then he may be back, and you can talk to him yourself."1. Belt Pulley

As Lyla Mae sat at the table try- 2. Power Takeoff

ing to eat, she kept remembering 3. Hydraulic Lift

that other morning. It seemed so

long ago in a way, yet it was only WITH 3- IN -I POWER TRANSMITTER six days, less than a week. She reThe last word in a touchcontrol hydraulic system. Attachment for B

membered the conversation and her and C tractors.

own words. She hadn't been entirely satisfied with Daddy's answer

about babies. She'd see what

Grandma thought. "Grandma,"she

began, "lots of people think there are too many children in the world."

"Oh, they do, do they?"Her

grandmother came back sharply, "And the Lord pity those very ones—especially come Christmas."WITH MORE FARM POWER PER DOLLAR

"But—well, say they already Looking ahead, we see one fundamental truth.

have a child, or maybe two, perhaps What America needs is more for its money. If the dollar keeps on

they figure that's enough. I guess buying less and less, our gold will soon turn to straw.

one child less doesn't make much say that, today more than ever, quality and full value must be thedifference."We

guiding principles of commerce.

Grandma raised from basting the beautiful turkey; she stood poised Can they prevail in the face of inflated costs?

with the ladle in her hand, her Our answer is here on this page: two FULLSIZED REAL FARM

cheeks pink from the heat, "One TRACTORS at sensible prices. They are the 1-row Model B and the

child doesn't make much difference? 2-row Model C, complete with 3-in-l Power Transmitter, hydraulic

full line of powerThat one child as you say has made system, electric lights and starter. PLUS—a

implements with precision hydraulic control.all the difference in the world to millions of people."Even in these times, a full dollar's worth is the right of every

Lyla Mae went to speak, then she purchaser. It's the only sound business formula we know.

heard a car stopping outside and looked out. It was Daddy back. He

was getting out. She couldn't see S-CHflLMERS)DIVISION—MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A.

(Concluded on page 842) DECEMBER 1947 841 Too Many Children

841) (Concluded from page If It's Glade's... It's Good! a well because slow but him very

very heavy curtain of snowflakes was falling between her and the car. It was the 'specially best kind

of weather that could be for Christmas, not too cold but with the snow thick and soft and the sky seeming so gray and close. She loved to go

taking presents on Christmas days like this. She loved to get her own

presents. She would hurry in by the

tree and let him think she was just up, ready to look at things.

She was bending over looking at some attractive looking boxes when the door opened and a cool breeze and snow blew into the room. She

turned and saw Daddy coming in and there—no, oh, yes, it was really, truly real—there was Mama in his

arms, and in her arms was a small, pinkblanketed bundle. This was

why Daddy had acted so strange about taking the presents to the hospital, why he had gone before she was awake.

Grandma rushed forward to take the baby. Daddy put Mama down

in the big, blue chair and then she was reaching her arms out to Lyla

Mae. She was saying, "Merry

Christmas, my darling. We didn't

expect to, but we made it. Oh, my

darling, I've missed you so."

The girl found the good, sure security of loving arms about her, but suddenly what she was most anxious to see was the face that

Grandma was uncovering, the little im uxor gompani Mil lam tin. uui baby that was making such a tiny,

strange cry.

She pulled away, ran to the tree,

TUNE KSL WEDNESDAYS, 10:00 P.M. FOR INTERLUDE FOR STRINGS and picked up the rattle—for it was

much more important in this moment thanher—tookanythingit to him,that shakingwas thereit in forits

wrapping as she went. It almost

91 seemed he heard it, seemed he saw "St jit cl TblaJbJiL (Book it, for he quit crying and his large, dark eyes looked straight up into

The historical proof of the truth of the Book of Mormon has never been presented more fully or convincingly than hers. His precious bit of hand

newin thisconfirmatorybook. Thismaterial,second, basedrevised uponeditionnewcontainsinformation.much reached up and somehow got hold of

of Students at the Book or in the mission of Mormon, home field, in opposition facing of to the or to one of her fingers. "Oh,"she Book Mormon,

increase their testimony of set this forth in and theories its volume.truth, needIt isto aknownotablethe book.facts breathed, as though she were witDr. John A. Widtsoe nessing a miracle, "isn't he ador-

"The Improvement Era"able? Isn't he sweet?"

& Mtto OTttnestf for CfjrtSt m America Oh, yes. Grandma was right, and

By FRANCIS W. KIB.KHAM, LL.B., PH.D. Daddy was right. There weren't

508 Pages At your book store $2.50 too many children in the world,

there never would be, 842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Continued from page 792) be the largest prize ever given for a the missions, reporting fortyeight war ized in 1947 from area embracing the musical composition. dead and sixtysix wounded.

Southern States Mission. The Florida The winning composition, "Trilogy,"The percentage of dead and missing

Stake was organized in January. will be given its premiere performance among Latterday Saint servicemen has

at 2.96. been a year computed About the Detroit Orchestra by Site Symphony Enlarged TempleOakland the estimated Department ago the War direction under the Krueger of Dr. Karl acres adjacent to twoAn additional nation's percentage dead and of war

the temple site in the East Oakland, on the American Broadcasting Comwounded to be 2.98.

California, foothills has been purchased pany's "Sunday Evening Hour"on Deby the Church. This enlarges the temcember 14. Los Angeles Temple

ple site to sixteen acres and improves We've got the land, but we won't build until sure we're or similar a warehouse project won't next door. be erectedthe entrance approach to the site by War'T'heCasualtiesservicemen's committee of the

of Lincoln Avenue and Mountainway has reported that 2,830 Church Albert Smith George President wasBoulevard. fighting of the Church, members on Press Associated so quoted by the

sides, sacrifice the both supreme made University MusicBrigham Young in asked, early November, about conflict. in inwhen recent the report The Wins AwardHead the construction the of Los Angeles that 131 are dicated another reported head Robertson, LeroyOrofessor Temple. missing about 2,753 and were wounded

at the the of music of department this trip of President During Smith in combat.

Church's Brigham Young University, Rigby Stake, Idaho, had the most to southern California, the Los Angeles won the $25,000 first prize Heniy H. service personnel killed, of the stakes, Planning Commission was asked perReichhold symphonic award for the reporting a total of fortyeight. The mission to erect the temple, costing one

western hemisphere. This is believed to New Zealand Mission was high among ( Concluded on page 844

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Seventh row: Benjamin L. Mclntyre, William Keith Fourteenth row: Donald F. Allan, Stanley SchoenSEPTEMBER 8, AND DEPARTING SEPTEMBER 17 Davis, Morgan B. White, Roland A. Hall, Oliver feld, Orval Wallace, Vernon B. Montgomery, Sebron

Richard, Jr., Richard E. Jensen, Darrell F. Smith, Ross Golding, Arthur J. Gittins, Glendon Moulton,

Reading from left to right, First row: James R. David L. Mehr, Blaine W. Whipple, Grant Evans, Dean S. Stahle, Joseph M. Heath, Roy L. Smith,

Richards, D. Preston Goddard, John Tanner, M.

McBride, Dale Eccles, R. Clifton Justin R. J. Haws,Jr., donGrantL. MitchellGraves. Vincent, Thomas Lamount Felt, GorArthurFifteenthB. Chase,row: WilliamDon WallaceStebbings,McBride.Ferrin L. Allen,

William N. Capener, Allen Carlson, Neldon Condor, Eighth row: Keith H. Remington, William R. Brown, Carl R. Sederholm, Leland Howard Campbell, Grant

Glade Cobbley, W. L. Macdonald, Heber C. SwainWilliam Reed Tanner, Richard W. Hendricks, Quincy V. Ashby, Donald George Kimball, David B. CumJensen, D. Blair Manwaring, Paul R. M. ston. Stow Davis, R. el I, mings, Gene Allphin, Owen Duncan, W. T.

Kline O. Strong, J. Fred Bushnell, Russell Taylor, C. Second row: William Edward Attwood, Galen A. Beckstrand, C. Harold Gwynn. Woodruff

Bigler, Leslie W. Cunningham, John Wallace Cook, Dean M. Gray, Hartley B. Lundgreen, Winston F. Sixteenth row: Wayne S. Hunsaker, Eugene E.

T. R. Cooper, Elises R. Martinez, Bernice Powell, Jepson, Howard J. Ellis, Charles I. Roby, Elmer M. Clark, Boyd D. Larsen, Alan C. Jacobsen, Reed B.

Don B. Colton, director; Mary Fulmer, Irene FreeHogge. Harker, LaMar C. Berrett, Calvin Webb, Morris D.

man, Keith L. Collins, Mary McDougaed, Martha Ninth row: George Phillip Margetts, Russell WilGardner, DeLynn V. Labrum.

Schwaz, Merrill E. Branch. liams Janson, Douglas R. Mallory, Elmer Stott Seventeenth row: Hyrum P. Hatch, Thomas W.

Third row: Arnell H. Welchman, Howard Waldo Duncan, Robert C. Bennion, Gail G. Goodman, Joseph Ward, Jr., John V. Tidwell, Elmer C. Gunderson,

Bradshaw, Marjorie Mclntire, Lucille E. Henson, Shir- A. Titlotson, Kenneth Bills, Jr., Donald Skaggs, Melvin Barrett, Cardon Stout, Cat E. Hill, C. Homer

ley R. Reed, Helen Keiser, Orma Petersen, Ellen Cecil A. Remsch, John Marshall, Heber R. Olson, Christensen, Ernest Widtsoe Shumway, Robert H.

Swann, Jennie N. Boeslund, Naomi B. Jensen, CharKenneth L. Tingey. Green.

let Lundberg, Shirley Stevens, Edward L. White, Levi Tenth row: James C. Sumsion, Joseph B. Taylor, Eighteenth row: Grant Hofler, Paul Maeser, Patrick

Call, Fenn, John Boyd L. Farley, Waldo P. G. Hyer, J. Miller, Atkin. Robert Daddabbo, Harold Alton Day Gam

E. Farnsworth, Fourth Jr., L. Johnson, R. row: Joseph M. Fillerup, Harry F. Hiatt, Lawrence Emit Charles Albert Milton Todd, Cawford, Byron Whitney

Roland D. Godfrey, Wallace S. Bingham, Clifford R. Dale Ensign, D. C. Purnell, Gerald R. Hales, Harry M. Thurman, Marlin Ralph Shaffer, L. Cecil Millatt,

Barnes, R. L. Phibbs, Robert E. Stevenson, Gladys P.BIuhm, Harries A. Lloyd, Neal C. Capel, Merrill Karl M. Donaldson, Jr.

Butterfield, John E. Butterfietd, Edith D. Beckstead, E. Warnick, Max W. Moffett, Joseph W. Grant. Nineteenth row: Donald G. Cummings, Lincoln J.

Hyrum Beckstead, Joyce Atkinson, L. Vaughn MerEleventh row: Dean Ashton Collett, Wayne LeRoy Card, George A. Jensen, Edwin Cammack, Kenneth

rell, Leland Shelley. Venable, A. Kelsey Chatfield, LaVor Matkin, Angus Mitchell, William E. Lewis, Glen Jolley Pinegar.

Fifth row.Ralph H. Steenblik, Richard J. Reisner, H. Hyer, Ernest P. Simonis, Albert L. Jones, Arthur Left wing: Stanley H. Cockrell, Frank M. BradJames B. Knighton, Robert P. Reading, Weldon B. B. Sadler, Clyde DeGraff, Clair Spencer, Robert shaw, Alan C. Busath, Floyd L. Soren, Maynard K.

Jolley, Homer D. Whittier, Opal Hansen, Mildred P. West, Gerald L. Christiansen, Vernon J. Walker, Openshaw, William Kenneth Winsor, J. Fabian GirSmith, Leland W. Rawson, Eva Thora Rawson, Laura Donald S. Cooper. oux, Hal B. Foutz, Don L. Jacobson, W. D. Russell.

B. Bradshaw, George Clyde Bradshaw, D. Wayne Twelfth row: Keith L. Peterson, Dell H. Bosen, Right wing: Jack Satterfield, Dean Hodson, Ronald

Rose, Phileon B. Robinson, Jr., Preston G. Thompson. Dorrell Cole Larsen, Garth G. Eames, Clair Egbert, Folkerson, Reid Johnson, Spencer Jenson, Karl LamSixth row.Dale W. Black, Ephraim J. W. Bierman, Frank Nuffer. bert, Gordon Greene, Richard Barnes, Lynn Olive.

Raeo L. Passey, Thaddeus E. Shoemaker, Keith E. Thirteenth row: Henry Rock, Robert Lynn Hales, Twentieth row: Rex J. Sylvester, Clarke Jones, MelDuke, Rodney George Anderson, Verl LeRoy SoelVictor L. Chaman, Lynn F. Ellison, Kent B. Tyler, vin A. Nielson, Dayle F. Jenkins, Wayne A. Goats,

berg, Norene Heslop, Nola Weber Sears, Moselle Jordan Naylor, James B. Perkins, William F. DickeDonald S. Cook, Edwin Cook, Leland K. Wakefield,

Evans, LaVeive Monson, Richard L. Sewick, Dale son, Rex Williams, Franklin D. Richards, Gordon B. Marion E. Opie, Ronald A. Millett, Rulon Don Hill,

M. Valentine, Kenneth L. Long. Greene, Thomas L. Simmons, Eliot A. Butler. Duane M. Durrani.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 843) Indian Relics Given to Church of Churchgiven supplies to go to warmillion dollars. This action was taken A valuable collection of Indian ravaged Europe.

to bring the zoning question to a final "relics has been given to the Church decision immediately. and placed in the Bureau of InformaWelfare Shoe Factory

The site of the temple is at Santa tion museum on Temple Square. Production of work shoes under the

Monica Boulevard and Selby Avenue. Included in the collection, which was * direction of the Bonneville Stake

That the Church was planning a temthe gift of Elmer Owen Bair, president has begun on Welfare Square in Salt ple in the Los Angeles area was first of the Glenwood Springs Branch of Lake City.

announced in March 1937. the Western States Mission, who obHides from welfare produced or acThere are approximately seventytained it from Henry Leonard Johnson quired animals will be utilized at the

five thousand Church members in the of Marble, Colorado, is a painting of a shoe factory.

Los Angeles area. Cheyenne Indian warrior, said to be a The project was assigned three years

friend of Brigham Young as the Saints ago. John O. Simonson, project chairFillmore Hospital trekked west in 1847. man for the Bonneville Stake, recalled

/Construction of a Latterday Saint as shoe production got underway that immigrants were Polish for who two Greece beWheat hospital Fillmore, at has Utah, in their native country to leave forced carload is f\NE ingun. every modern The building difficult following the days World War forty over auxiliary to having an evenway, powoftons—wasturkey reddonatedwheatby since wealthy become have I, and who

er system which will begin functioning the Church for Greek relief, and atshoe manufacturers, donated much of automatically when the normal supply tached to the "Friendship Train"as it the equipment.

of power fails. passed through Utah in midNovember Another unexpected source of equipThe Church operates other hospitals for its destination overseas. The wheat ment came from a telephone call when

at Idaho Falls, Idaho; Afton, Wyowas taken from storage at Kaysville, the army was moving out of Kearns.

ming; Panguitch, Roosevelt, Ogden, Utah, and it is expected that it will be The message was:

and Salt Lake City, Utah, as well as planted early in February and be ready... I like your welfare program, I have

the Primary Children's Hospital, Salt for harvest from the Greek fields in some shoemaking equipment you might

Lake City, and a maternity hospital at late June or July. want.

Murray, Utah. This is the eightyeighth freight car He sold it at a fraction of its value.

Sixth Arlene Bean, row: THE MISSIONARY ENTERINGMISSIONARIES HOME

Curtis, 22 R. Glen J. Hicken, OCTOBER OCTOBER 13, AND DEPARTING JamesJ. WillardC. Petersen,Tingey, JanesBruce ChaunceyEleventh J.row:Lotthouse,Jack BondNewellGoodwin,Carter,Reed JohnR. Hawkes,Lake,

B. Barben, Threet, Ipson, Conway M. Bonnie Hyrum Lois Marjorie Thurman, Barlow, Killpack, Glenna

L. first right, J. left row: to E. Glade Leslie from Liechty, Esperson, Reading O. Harper, RuMax Tuttle, David Howard, Evelyn Hatch Rex, Barbara

J. Leonard Connell, lonBurgon, Harold G. Wade, K. Love, Vel Cla Norman Haslam, Cook, LeRoy Wayne White. David

L. Eldon J. Lell Bagley,D. Gunn, Benson, Thomas Nelsen. Carlile, Ripplinger, Twelfth row: Ralph Roy Don

Stelter, LeBaron, Seventh R. Vivian Jack row: Donald Green, Lowder, Wilbur Johnson, Fred Edna Jr., E. Silver, Smith, Wilkinson, Gerald Arthur W.

L. S. Pritchett. J. Carlile, Clyde Whitmore, Gerald Ewing, Robert G. Harvey, Dalton, Kenneth Orvil Turner, Elden Brady, Melvin Ogden, Rodney Dene

Griner, Harris, Kirby, K. Brimhall, M. Richard James R. O. row: Second Joseph M. Smith, Norman F. C. Brown, Nielsen, Gerber, Lloyd Bennett Ned

J. H. Grey, D. Porter, K. Paul Wiser, John Hale, Grant Yeates, Lawrence Thomas, Dean Owen W. Williams. A. Leland Murphy,

B. director; Keller, C. Cotton, Willis Skousen, DanielJoseph E. Don Dee N. Scott Waite, Wolfley, Dee Williams, Thirteenth row: Clayton N. Deon W.

J. L. Burl Gibb, R. Bushman.Curtis, Jacobsen, Arthur Paul Anna E. Carlos C. Asay, Richard Hubbard, Dick Wood,

Abel, Merrill Sheppard, ErmaJeanne L.

Third row: David H. McCarty, Zina E.Barnum,Branch.Ruby Crow,EighthCleorow:E. RayBascom,BawdenNealAndrus,S. Keller,Jr., WayneEdwin D.A. Powell,Solomon,ThayneBud G.Doxey,Buchanan,ArchieOrdenJ. Haskins.E. Levie, James

Hill, Joseph W. Chatterton, William D. Meredith, Ricks, Kenneth J. Brown, Calvin A. Lambert, Bryce Fourteenth row: James G. MacKay, Lee Earl HilMaeElsie Stringfeliow,Ann Unopulos,GlennDouglasE. Boehme,R. Stringfeliow,Jim E. Denos,Shirley D.W. Stringham,Baxter, StuartDickS. Boyce,Zaugg, JohnOrvelD.H. Landgren,Hunter, HenryLyle Vernonton, KayC. Young,Diew, RalphOscar Mecham,Geertsen, ReidJosephL. P.Wayman,Sabin,

Dee R. Christensen, Evelyn M. Applonie. A. Johnson, A. Wayne Arrington. Calvin R. Kowallis, L. Grant Reese, Wayne L.

Fourth row: Lorna Steadman, Shirley Mendenhall, Ninth row: Lewis Klingler, Edwin P. Olsen, WalHirschi, Fred L. Garrett.

Lamar E. Day, Erwin Prestwich, Reed N. Glauser, lace J. Coleman, Raymond W. Gee, LeRoy R. Fifteenth row: Dean Berntson, Bryce J. Ericksen,

L. L. Jay Nielsen, Henriksen, Standing, S. White, Hiatt, Vaughn MartinWendell Ellis Jack Cornis, Alvin 0. Kingsford, Carl Warnock, Max A. Behrman,

J. S.Lillian Porter, S. Anderson, Nielson, E. Byron David Frank Baird, Bigelow, Orin Fred Newman, H. Keith Neilson, Keith Ottesen.

Ivan M. VanLeuven, Gene K. Edvalson, Merlynn O. Ivan Lambert, Melvin Jay Pitcher, Dale G. Olson. Left wing, sitting: Harlan Eugene Nelson, H.

Anderson. Tenth row: John B. Burton, Lorry Horman, Alwyn Darcey Clawson, Glen L. Harker.

Fifth Sessions, D. Carroll Beckstead, Calvin row: Vesta N. DeLoy HanLeft wing, Robert kneeling: C. Witt, W. Herrin, Weston K. Jones, Omer

B. Blainsen, Beatrice Burdett, F. Anderson, Vera Moore, Gillen, Helen Calvin Young Stanford Larson, Peter Peter Lee Meacham. Henry

Stokes, Beatrice L. Uffens, Rachel E. Allen, Alpheus Sorensen, Homer C. Chandler, Merlin A. Payne, Right wing: DeLos V. Snodgrass, Noel J. Talman,

Ella BennieO. Hatch, Var Adamson, Rosenbaum, Milton Jones, Karen Ander- H. Wanda Norman, Richard Hal W. Davis, Sanders C. Powell, LaMar Owen

L.son, Mitchell, Pearl Wilson, David Wendel. Reva Daryl L. Home, McArthur. Dew.

i *fc':

**!# I

mm m

:;:v ':i& "Jfci m /':*: I liiii P Q/TV-P <V7V-0 o, 9/"?j->2 9?T>->2 J7Tr-Q Q/5?T>*& IfrTJ* /A?Vt-& J5TrQ ITtS

rWbK -iJi?!

CELEBRATE 100 YEARS of CHRISTMASES

IN SALT LAKE VALLEY with gifts of books about the Pioneers and their spiritual motivation!

Their Motivation:

m JESUS THE CHRIST $2.50

JOSEPH SMITH AN AMERICAN PROPHET - $3.00

TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH $2.50

TAMED WAS HOW THE DESERT John A. By Widtsoe $1.00 Of the Pioneers:

PIONEERS THE MORMON PIONEERS STORY OF THE MORMON By E Cecil McGavin $2.50 Harmer $2.00 By Mabel S.

PEOPLE WESTWARD AMERICA HER UTAH, STORY OF By Howard R. Driggs $3.95 R. Hunter $2.75 Milton By

DESERET BOOK COMPANY "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City 10, Utah > ooVooo d&& o-CSo 5<&o oZTo &<Lfo o2o -fh &<& $&fo VOo M%H

i i m 'V?

With the constant downward fHigh

Value trend in our electric rates for AT many years, users of electricity 1 Low in the territory we serve are Cost enjoying a much greater value

for their electric service dollars

than ever before*

'\ J I,j T UTAH POV\ER & LIGHT CO.

DECEMBER 1947 845.

FOR THE SECURITY OF ZION

{Concluded from page 811) would greatly extend the productive

Studies state. land of the agricultural

difficult; obsolete distribution satisfacfind to underway are now very of use systems; farm irrigation drainof means tory and economicalJhL water plots having small on streams large

low permeability, or the use of very age of water.

small streams on highly permeable The security of the LatterdayDESERET soils; excessive runoff; irrigation Saint culture in this arid western

when the soil is already moist; exarea depends upon our ability to

cessive volumes of water applied in maintain successful agriculture unNEWS single irrigations; and lack of perder irrigation. Other cultures in

sonal attention by the irrigator. arid climates have flourished and

inability to cope their of because died land nonproductive of area ThePRESS irrigation. of The problems the with ingreatly been has in the West

to the stability threats serious most rise of ground the of because creased water and salt concentration which of an irrigation agriculture are those alkali, soils, and soil waterlogging in of efficiencies low from resulted COMMERCIAL has hazards economic erosion, and the in the applicaand conveyance the

AND EDITION tion of irrigation water. Excessive of competition with other sections amounts of water, seeping from the where the cost of irrigation is not a

of factor. lands the low to canals highline

If agriculture under irrigation in rise of the the wavalleys, cause PRINTERS AND the

BOOK BINDERS terof saltladentable with waterresultingtowardupwardthe landflow itselfUtah inandcompetitionthe Westwithis toagriculturemaintain surface. The water evaporates from in most humid areas, the better irPAPER RULING the surface of the land leaving the rigation practices already discovered

salt deposited on the soil. This deat the western experiment stations

creases the productivity of the soil, must be adopted by farmers, and reand if long continued, prevents prosearch must be continued to solve ductivity entirely. Lining of irriganew problems as they arise.

f'rofeddional tion canals would do much to preIf irrigation efficiency could be vent this condition. In cooperative raised to sixty percent, and if seepand Joclal studies with the Soil Conservation age losses from canals could be conService the Utah Agricultural Extrolled by lining, water could be reperiment Station has studied both leased to increase production greatly

Jj)tat\ionerv the seepage losses from canals and on land now having inadequate walow cost natural materials for lining ter rights and in some areas much canals. These studies have shown additional land could be brought

29 RICHARDS STREET canalsthat practicallycould be linedall unlinedwith lowUtahcost irrigationunder irrigation.efficienciesTheandinstitutionthe controlof

Drainage of waterlogged lands the future of irrigation. PHONE 4-5521 materials at great savings. of seepage give the most hope for

PEACE

By Grace S. Colton

Pioneers, Pioneers! America watched.. along passed you westl As the On, on to WE OfFER strength, your With of peace mantel The A COMPLETE On every form rests. Your faith, and your yoursong. courage,

ENGRAVING SERVICE From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Peace, and the stouthearted When she took the brave men

Catalogues Rose in their might; From your scourged band

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Fought for it, died for it To fight for their country

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Godgiven right! In another man's land

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah The tired oxen, Did she know

Lashed by the whip, You carried the flag of the free

Rolled the wagon wheels westward, That peace as a heritage

Muscles strained by the grip. Ever should be?

Pioneers, Pioneers, rider his horse and The MMtSTMASmar the west out in Out, night; and crisp! watch Kept day tender, No big, Pops

is over; journey near; The buffalo were Stampeding and both White Hulls. Try

its flight Rest peacefully, rest -?z 7 Yellow Holless. The Indian's arrow was swift in

mountains, the salty sea enfolding The pioneers lPUYi i Pioneers, the chorus: Echoed and worn Weary, hungry

"Peace feet, bleeding with carts through dust and storm. My peaceI leaveI givewithuntothee;thee."TIME CORN WalkingPulling your

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hole in the Rock (Continued from page 813) the men the teams while again drove Tip to Stop prodding behind, wearily the Awalked stock, bringing up the straggling outfits from the rear. They dropped laboriously to the Winter Starting

river's level again, and there, between majestic, weirdly formed bluffs of multicolored sandstone, they found a green little valley. Here they stopped—beTroubles

cause they could go no further. Here

were grass and water and good soil.

Here was beauty, a fierce, untamed grandeur that claimed them. Here was

a place to rest.

The river, lowbanked at this point, was wider than the valley itself, but Here's how to choose the right gasoline to its monopoly. to mind seemedno one

roar that help your car "get hot"quickly: sudden listened to the oneNo

preceded its change of currents. No Choose on the basis of coldweather

into melted that its banks noticedone starting and warmup qualities. the like sugar whenthe water brown

current came against it. None could

measure the tons of silt it carried on its immense gray bosom, nor cared Pep 88 gasoline is tops for both these it against vermilcame. Herewhence winter "musts"—a real champ among sunshine; cliffs andion warmth were brands. premium cottonthe river's were edgehere along

woods, grass, and feathered willows. Don't make that "all gasolines are alike"Here would be good fishing. Here mistake—especially in winter. The difwould be food! ferences between them can mean a lot to

your winter driving.

"HPhe end of the trail!"Kumen cried,

* and reached his arms up for Mary. "This is San Juan!"

Mary was dismayed. "But, Kumen, You'll find responsive Pep 88 gasoline

it's only a back yard. All the rest of ready for you at your neighborhood Vicothe country has been so big."Pep 88 station and dealer. It's ready with

his arms, laughed. waved Kumen He

she instant starts and reliable winter performthem, into butinviting her to jump kept to her seat in the wagon. ance.

"Where is the fort? Where are the

Indians? Where are our people?"she

cried. "This is not Montezuma, Mary, but Drive in to any VicoPep 88 Station or here is where we are to stop. It is deDealer for complete winter car service.cided. We can'r go on, and so we

wont go on!"

Mary stood up then. "Where is

Arabella? I want to know what she

thinks about this!"[ATIAI

"They'll State, be along in a minute—here Pep Atlas Vico, Quaker 88 Regular 88 Ethyl Pep are now."they Gasoline Motor Permalube Gasoline Oils Products

Arabella pulled her team in close to Mary's wagon. A lump was in her

throat and kept her from speaking, but her eyes were misty with eagerness.

Mary looked long into her friend's face,gathering strength from the sureness You Cant ALWAYS Plan in Arabella's eyes.

she demanded "Well,"at last, The FUTUREby the PAST! choose?"you"which half do

Arabella looked around to see what Just because you haven't ace and may visit you any

Stiffbacked thought.other women day. fire is no reason a refused to believe had defiant, someand Insure your property totheir won't. destination.this Don't parcel of land you was why be protected day and eagerto with the ground leapedOthers

loss. judge the future by the against store. in for might beness, ready what

"I don't care which half I choose,"past. Better get your policy

she cried. "Every inch of the country Fire is a constant menwhile you can.

from Escalante to here has risen on its hind legs, jaws open, to stop us—but UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. here!"we're

Stanford looked thoughtfully down at Heber J. Grant & Co. GENERAL AGENTS Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on page 848) DECEMBER 1947 847 HOLE IN THE ROCK (Continued from page 847) trol, as easy as an elephant's trunk now that's all I'm concerned about.

the small, isolated valley, and when his clears a path in a jungle!""I want to get out and go to work."

eyes again came back to Kumen's and Kumen bit speculatively at the left Arabella slid from the top of the

Mary's and Arabella's, there was dogcorner of his lips, but before he could wagon wheel to Stanford's arms; Mary

ged defiance in them. formulate his thoughts, Mary had taken jumped down to join Kumen.

"It'll be no different here,"he said. up the defense.

is place,"not she conquered "This a wonderful"We've 1880! sixth, anything—unthe A pril A soft glowless infinitesimal "It's *"* distance. just it be an Take cried. in Kumen's like it was frostbitten skin ing healed day thatthat river down there—deep and dream. We'll build rock houses of this and sent men's blood flowing hopefully!

treacherous, I'll bet. A huge elephant, beautiful pinkish sandstone, and we'll Songs came to the women's lips, and

wrinkled of hide, and ponderously build them side by side, Arabella, just their children answered them, stretchslow, yet capable of a thunderous snort as we've always planned."ing their frail limbs to the warm sun.

and a rampageous outburst that could "It's a wonderful place for a camp, Mothers carried water from the river sweep away man's puny efforts at conat least,"Stanford said. "And right and gave their children their first real

baths since they had left Escalante and left them to play or to sleep, while they washed their clothes.

But normal vigor was slow in returning. They had been hungry and

cold and inactive too long to want to run and play. Content with the delight

of warmth and cleanliness, they lay for hours in the sand of their camps and stretched and rested. Until there was

more and better food to nourish them, they could do little else. One threeyear-old child had even to be taught to

walk again.

Eightyfive wagon homes! Seventy

men to build a town! And that, it

seemed, was too many. For already

there was talk that some must move on to Fort Montezuma, fifteen miles up the river. But the rumor was suppressed, and before the rope survey of the

townsite was completed, men went to cutting cottonwood logs in readiness for their houses, once the allotment of land was made.

By early morning of the second day of arrival, and while the survey still continued, it became increasingly evitain their numbers. meeting was A Better Light dent that the small valley could not suscalled to consider to be done, what was

and a deathlike stillness prevailed. Piatt

Lyman's voice shook as he prepared for the ORGANIST his people for the lottery of land that was to come. For each head of a famThis new, compact, builtin light and music holder solves perfectly the ily, lucky enough to draw a land numproblem of lighting the music for your ward organist. It throws a diffused ber, he said, there would be fifteen

lot. He light over the entire page—yet there is no glare in the eyes of organist acres of land and a small city

or congregation. hoped that those drawing blanks would

accept with prayerful hearts, relying

Expertly made—of finest materials—this attractive combination light and upon the judgment of their leaders and

music holder fits any piano or organ. The piano lighi illuminates music the arm of their God in securing new

only; the organ model, both music and keyboard. homesites up the river. He stressed

Mail orders promptly filled. The coupon below is for your convenience. the fact that the original destination

had been Montezuma; he reminded his

brethren that the families up the river fi/di&iuL. Jjqhiinjfc Studio waitedwere expectinghopefully them;and longthatfortheyhelphadto

as to them, they surrounded were come off hostile the Indians from and cut 58 West 1st South, Salt Lake City by help of their friends.

ARTISTIC LIGHTING STUDIO There was a murmur of assent.

Salt 1st So., 58 Lake City, Utah West in this here spot for. will meet "We the following: send Please

early the morning,"drawing, tomorrow

Piano Light ($21) QOrgan Light (829) D Further information Piatt said. "Go now and prepare yourPayment enclosed Send light C.O.D. selves."(Shipping charges—express or parcel post—are C.O.D.) "At such times, Brother Lyman,"

Name.. Ward.. Jens Nielsen said, "I'm sad to be the

peoples'leader. Ya. It is bad to bear

Address poor tidings!"

Pm (To be concluded) 848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Those Who Remained READY ABOUT DECEMBER 10TH ( Concluded from page 805 A wonderful new book of inspirational philosophy in a few days.... As soon as we had by one of Utah's best known authors.

got out to the Bluffs and got a house built, Charles went to St. Joseph to 11 S0

work, and he stayed until spring when therehe home, and moved came we Is Truth What. live.to.. Charles working is now By N. L. NELSON

fifteen miles putting hereabout from a foundation for a house. I expect him Former Professor of EnglishAuthorat Brighamof Young University

in then weeks, he is goand twohome "Scientific Aspects oi Mormonism".. all winter. cuting stone to at home "Preaching and Public Speaking"

"pROM this letter may be gleaned "The Second War in Heaven,"etc.

the heartache and the disappointBeautifully Printed. An Ideal Gift Book

those could notment of who come Published by Stevens & Wallis, Inc. p r;r tc;n restraintwest. with very which The "Publishers of fane books"this one woman, scarcely more than

a child, stated that she had underBe Sure to Read For Sale at of the rearingtaken her three young- "The Second War in 44 DESERETEast South TempleBOOKStreet, SaltCOMPANYLake City 10. Utah sister,er brothers that they and

1186 Street South Main Heaven"have exceptwould come to Utah Learn the what author says 4, City Salt Lake Utah B00KCRAFT about Russia.for the fact that the Indians dealers And all leading book p had r jce $1.5Q

killed their three yoke of oxen, makes the reading all the more poignant. The letter reveals, too,

the unchanged determination to come as soon as conditions permitted, for in the body of the letter she wrote, "I should like to see you all very much, but it is useless to think about it without you should come out to Salt Lake Valley."

From their unwavering faith we of today can take courage for the new world into which we are venturing. The cannon of those bygone

days was terrible to those who remained behind; the atomic bomb of

today is terrifying to their descend-...".. -;ants. To both, however, the faith in

their religion, in God the Father and in his Son, Jesus Christ, is a certain- v/ ty that cannot be denied, and not wmmyt being denied, will give purpose and hRw'| 'r y:::-gt&

direction, no matter how poorly charted the way ahead may be for pp the world at large.

i ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt take- & Ogden

Public Speaking

theory at and spare homeexpeThenfundamentalsacquire ll\l USE for OVER FIFTY YE/VRS InrienceLearn andtime.practice. and Send nameactual

booklet. dress for interesting "Power in treatment Aids adsimple of Canker, obligation. PreSpeech."freeNo

especially for of Effectivepared unable those to sore throat minor mouth and other personal lessons take in public and throat irritations. ipspealdrig.

"vr NORTH AMERICAN SCHOOL, Dept. 1?99

5, III.

HALLS REMEDYCity, Utah 1315 So. Michigan Ave., Chicago Salt Lake

To Help...

HOTEL LANKERSHIM 7th i BROADWAY Build A Brighter New Year

RATES MODERATEHeadquarters in Los L 0. Anaela THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ooerator R. WtSHON. FRANKS.

RAY H. BECKETT. Manaoer

12 Issues $2.00 LOS ANGELES

TWO PEHSOKS - ONE CHARGE "DECEMBER 1947 849 CHRISTMAS IN ANTIGUA, GUATEMALA (Concluded from page 817) ner and celebration were reminiscent mountains to build their third capiof the customs of the Alps. Each

tal, Guatemala City. But the poor, guest received a cellophane dish of

the sick, the ignorant, the superstitihomemade candies. The crackling

ous, and the bewildered stayed on. fire was reflected in a huge mirror,

This was home. Untraveled, frightand the delectable seven course dinened, they remained among the ner would have satisfied an epicure.

ruins and rubble, and gradually The tiled floors were covered with order was restored from chaos. Inpine needles, redolent and springy

dians came from the jungles to barunderfoot; the smiling waitresses

ter; the patios of the ruined cathemoved noiselessly, while a marimba

drals made good pasture, and the band played Christmas carols in the cloisters of the wrecked convents patio. The musicians were dressed

ear. played by black and solemn stables. Timidly the in made good century quarter nearly a For of a they afternoon that three o'clock At in ruined, small shops opened -with the West. people has grown KOLOB

Today this progressive company is once famous, houses. One church had listened to "Silent Night, Holy

foremost general insurance among They the first time. for Night"been spared. mellowed Time

.. territory in this agencies. rephad past it long intermittently friendly the horrors, jungle played and the than 300 agents more resented by

... offering policies for every moved in to cast a softening aura midnight. Our room had modern,

risk. For complete fireknown and furniture, and a ruins. in courthand-carved over the Grass grew service, insurance competant see wood. mountain place fueled with in in yards; flowers crevices; took your comroot the KOLOB AGENT

munity. vines covered crumbling walls; and An Indian porter aided a waitress

a patina of time brought freedom in entertaining us with a costumed from fear. Gradually the citizens native dance. Round and round her

intermarried with the Indians, and bare feet treaded the pine needles, today the town has a people taller while she picked up her full skirts than the Spaniards, lighter skinned daintily. The boy folded his arms,

P D R A T I D N than the Indians, but withal, happy clapped his hands, jumped upwards

SALISBURY, Manager FRANK occasionally. Bowing shouted carefree, people a "no and pay who 4-8451 and Bldg. 330 Phone Judge circling went on, they and backing, Salt Lake City, Utah little puffs of to the mind"smoke

that come from Fuego*. The town is and whirling, but never touching

quiet, sleepy, and fascinating. The each other. And out in the patio

autos of tourists are almost the only flamboyant parrots screamed, magaor slept, and current gorged, cars.Biting the lay on "the States"zines from And are these tourists gullible!

of the tables. a combination It was souvenirs, supposedly buy dsdiqhifyud, qm dcujA. They and Old World the New World, the seldom dug from ruins. They

solid rock walls, as jthitu svinisJL fa ipWc barter. Rather, they pay the firsthidden behind

asked price for the knockers which forbidding and gray as an ancient dtild/mtv once hung high on the doors of jail.

WITH proud houses so that the mounted Out in the town the natives held

dismounting. of strains They marimba pay good the there wereMy Picture Book quetzalsSpanish dons could knock without their Christmas celebration. Always (dollars) for guides, firecrackLittle tossed boys who bands.

their to frighten the street ers into of Songs dropglibly coinsdistortintohistoricalthe handsfacts.of Theybeggazed in elders. awe and old Young

By Erla Young (artist), Alene Dalton gars, and pay the Indians to pose. when sparklers flared. Shops stayed

(poet) and Myrial Ashton These tourists have become a source open; children exchanged centavos

Indians for insanitary candy;

their in the streets, cooked (Musician) $2.5D ofoldrevenuechurch,foritsthedangeroustown. Onecrackedlarge camped

This big, beautiful book of dome removed, makes a splendid meals and waited patiently, stolidly, clever, 25 colorful, market. full openair the Indians Here for the Christmas procession. 50 gay, pictures and page spread their the wares and overflow

tuneful songs causes the sidewalk into the street. It started from the church—the children to chuckle and one good church that was spared,

sing with glee. "\TUrE were fortunate to secure lodgwhen all the others were ruined.

at the played band marimba ings at the Its The Nimijay. Rancho Donohue & Co. M. A. of street the parade. calls is corner ahead it a hotel, but it management Publishers Chicago, more personalized. It emanates the When it caught up with them, willinstruments picked the Its ing hands up of hospice. concern a mountain

corner. the next them to rushed are and DESERET BOOK meals cooked North American

style, and served by Indian girls in Thus the procession had music more COMPANY

Temple Street, P. O. Box 958 native costume. The manager is than half the time. Illuminated44 East South

Salt Lake City 10. Utah Swiss, and the Christmas Eve dincrosses and masks waved and

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christmas In THE SUNDAY SALT LAKE

Antigua, Guatemala TRIBUNE MAGAZINE bobbed. Men carried statues of the RINGS READING

Holy Family upon their shoulders; JLEASURE TO OVER

children cast paper flowers before 120,000 FAMILIES.

the revered figures. Everyone sang

in soft, subdued voices. Babyladen

women formed the rear of the procession, which countermarched to the church. There the crowd disThe Beauty of full, natpersed to patronize the innumerable urall|lor photographs

makeshift booths; the shopkeepers

hung their ancient shutters, and the idenJiftes each week's

Indians spread their blankets in the e.., a section

church plaza. The ruins of the fortyses with vibrant

eight churches looked down over the action not touched invalley; Fuego continued to smoke

while a cloudless Christmas night the regular day's news.

mantled the sleeping town. TomorWith the Sunday Salt Lake There's reading enjoy*

is delivthe Magazinerow would be another day, with tribune, ered to subscribers daily ment plus the week's of the

Tribune.more tourists. and Sunday In Utah, top pictorial coverage in Idaho, Nevada and Wyoming,

"Dack in the Rancho Nimijay the $1.50Sunday.perElsewheremonthsin dailythe Unitedand the Salt Lake Tribune

guests had danced until midState*, $1.75. Magazine.

night, had eaten a midnight luncheon of fruits and ices, and retired to warm, comfortable beds. I lay

awake, visualizing Don Pedro Alvarado (Cortez's fearless captain), cutting his way south from Mexico

City to conquer this land in his own name. More than four hundred

years before he led his diminishing army through miasmic bogs, through bridgeless ravines, and each victory was marked in blood. True, he conquered the Indian tribes around Antigua, but their volcanoes engulfed

his city; he was killed by a riderless

Spanish horse, and the second capital, Antigua, was razed by earthquake. the Indians Today of exciting *e | ancient still worshipGuatemala [W

Maya gods that stand at the summit *r- of wellworn trails.

Christmas breakfast at the Rancho included treeripened bananas and pineapple, and hot cakes. iiHssifiBwith /a miel de las abejas ( honey of R

the bees). Afterwards we climbed to

the roof of the ruined church of San

Francisco. There we gazed out over

the valley at church ruins, white against jungle green; at cloudless As gifts, too, there's nothing more welcome H

skies and the smouldering volcano, than TAVERN CANDLES, in sparkling packages. loads of appreciYou'll getthat really looked benevolent and holiday

ation for presents these distinctive... frompaternal. We looked at maize fields 65$* to $4.95... for complete sets.

high on mountainsides, and the shaded plantations. Only the tinkle W

of a goat's bell and the horn of atourist's auto broke the silence. TAVERN CANDLES

Antigua and its proud, isolated people knew Christmas peace.

DECEMBER 1947 tiRPHGEnn

Norwich, Norfolk, England Dear Editors: ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

have just been reading The Improvement Eta, which I had 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th & "C,"San Diego, Calif.

I lent me by two Latterday Saint missionaries, Sisters B. 1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif.

Mitchell, Bountiful, Utah, and Leah Lloyd, American Fork, 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

Utah. These sisters call upon us often, and my wife has be1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

come quite attached to them. They are here on a great mission

made very difficult by rationing and the aftermath of war.

We have seen these girls always full of faith and courage. My wife and I attend the Latterday Saints chapel most SunHUMOR

days, also my wife has joined the Relief Society. We have a

lot to learn before Latterday through Saints, but become we Ham and girls, these contact with elders, Blackwell and and two Williams, I think we shall later become members of the Church. The professor of zoology at a state university was lecturing

I will now endeavor to give you some idea of the hardships to an afternoon class on the anatomy of a frog.

which they have to endure by our rationing system, coming "To illustrate these points,"he said to the class, "I have as they do from a land of plenty: brought with me today a lively specimen to chloroform and

dissect."Meat Y lb. a week 1 oz. of bacon a week Reaching into his pocket he produced a small package

1 oz. of fat a week 4 oz. of margarine a week which, unwrapped, turned out to be a ham sandwich.

A x/2 lbs. bread or flour 8 oz. of sugar a week "Well, thats strange,"exclaimed the professor to his

of) lieu {in H pint milk a day startled class. "I distinctly remember eating my lunch."

of jam a week 34 lb.

Other goods are on a point system (28 points a month and Principal vs. Principle

only a certain quantity allowed); for example, syrup 16 points; "It's not exactly the school that I don't like,"said the mean

2 lbs. salmon, grade 1, 32 points a can. Now potatoes are little truant, "it's the principal of the thing."

coming on rations, but when we mention anything about it, they just smile. Faith and courage carry them through. My Twice Shy

wife and I wish them every success in their mission.

Sincerely yours, want"I suppose,"a joint checkingsaid theaccountbankerfor toyourthe wifelittleandman,yourself.""you will

Walter George Cozens, Postman "No,"replied the new depositor, "this is my second wife."

Following Orders

Curacao, N. W. I. The young boy had been told by his scoutmaster that he

Dear Editors: should carry some means of identification at all times in case

later accident. he took from few days his pocket a small A is there to that inform liberty the you take herewith a ofwallet read: and exhibited which a card I far island, sole so sister living on the in Curacao, Mormon this Billy of accident, "In case was Mack."

I I here in September workand discovered. came as am have

the ing with Curacao Petroleum Industry Company. A Firm Foundation

I myself: present May

years of age, secretary by Miss A. H. Gyr—twentyseven guests new, prefabricated entertaining in a home. They were

for profession, Swiss two years, by nationality, Mormon speaking stopped of the guests and listened. At one Suddenly

nearly. length he said;

in Holland, Switzerland, England, and been living I have troubled already."not "Surely, you're by mice

this island, brought circumstances have where now and me to corrected. the mice,"householder "That's not "That's the

till circumstances take staying I intend somewhere me eating celery."else. people next door

I came into contact with a Mormon naval officer two years ago, and after finding out about the true, restored Church, I was baptized shortly afterwards. President Zappey of the

Netherlands Mission, his wife, Sister Riet, and Brother Vlam who baptized me, were my first Mormon friends....

As I am reading The Improvement Era regularly, and this is my only direct link with Utah, I therefore take this chance to make known my whereabouts. Perhaps there would be

someone, who would care to take up some correspondence with me, informing me about church life in Utah; also if it

were only once in a while, it would give me great comfort to know someone on this side of the globe. The Improvement

Era gives me a good bit of infromation, and I am always ever so happy to have such a rich and instructive magazine, but a personal touch is something precious, too....

I shall always remember the words of Brother Ezra Taft

Benson, whom I met twice during the early days of my acquaintance with the Church, about the responsibility that every member of the Church has to carry, and that he has to act accordingly, with all his power and energy and should never be afraid of anything that should seem to oppose him. I wish

to carry my part of this responsibility, but if there are any helpful means within reach, I care very much to make them in picture The was taken above Copenhagen, It shows Denmark. the queen that this letter so I helpful I with hope to me, and draw may

Ball the her attendants the Gold Green and chosen from and Copenhagen little spot the in to this globe, on to order some attention left right, are, to They Olga coofBranch. Hentzen, Erna Andersen, Queen operate in some way or other. Christensen, Lillian Jacobsen, Tove Hansen, and President Alma Petersen.Jytte

Looking forward to an answer from your side, I am SmallCopenhagenboy in Branch.foregroundThisis Troelswas theSmith,largestson L.D.S.of the celebrationsecond counseloryet heldof thein

Yours truly, Denmark since the beginning of the war. A choir of eighty members from time.—Reported by Amy Breum, former Sister A. H. Gyr Norwaypresidentwasof thealso Y.W.M.I.present A,at fromthat Denmark.

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SMOOTH! SCORE!

FACING BRICK

CONDUIT PIPE

Utah is a land of churches. In country community—

in bustling city—spires everywhere reach skyward along the

line of horizon. And for more than half a century brick has

been the timepreferred material of construction...

because brick alone has the requirements of supreme utility, minimum upkeep and ageless beauty. Endorsed by leading

church architects, adaptable to every architectural style,

SEWER PIPE brick alike is expressive of dignity and reverence captured in form.

Time, too, is an ally of brick... adding quiet charm and mellow

beauty with the passing of each season.

WALL COPING

Architectural rendering

by Woods and Woods to be built in deep mmm toned wire cut fire brick FLUE LINING

BUILDING TILE

nterstate Brick Company 3100 SO. 11th EAST PHONE 6-8655 SALT LAKE CITY

HOLLOW TILE

.,:::: Wr

;.: '.,.-.,.,,,.,:5:3:#si*3fiS:K

?',h.:;:--}<,- MM Kffijjgafi:.:.

.'-.nv.-.v:,..,.,,-,.-:H,

';''4-;:;. ''"'";

i

*..,.*

hristmas

To all mankind-- rich or poor, in crowded city,

country town, or mountain soltitude- - Christmas comes again, oJering anew --to those who have

eyes to see and ears to hear - - her priceless gifts..

her promises of peace on earth, good will to men.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WEFKSUkLUf RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEEDHflMMAIf SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

George Albert Smith. PreS Salt Lake City. Utah