fc*f-

-diPF'

Sftwr

** '...'*** **#**[ "y

Hij

t'f f

[fj iw

'*ApriVW&5 Jlhe Iiwprpwwkeitt Era 4 T-rJ9*

Kb

1, *i #,** 'pirn zmm m Attend BYU Summer School

Gain a full summer of study SPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES with all the BYU advantages FOR YOU AT BYU

Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

Business Management Conference June 7-11 resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Athletic Clinic for Boys May 31June 11 Graduate Study—Graduate study is a major accent of Summer

School. The Graduate School offers the master's degree in sixtyBYU Campus Education Week June 7-10 nine fields of study and the doctor's degree in twentynine fields

Modern Dance Workshop May 31June 11 of study.

Workshop for Secondary School Undergraduate Study—High school graduates can get an early

Principals June 9-11 start on their education; college students can accelerate their

program to graduate early or to make up missed classes. The

Industrial Plastics Workshop June 8-12 program offering of every department provides a broad selection

Workshop for School Superintendents.... June 9-11 of both required and elective classes.

Tobacco Education Workshop June 1418 Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

BYU Youth Clinics June 1425 Advancement Opportunties—Teachers will find many special

A.C.E.I. Workshop July 1930 helps for certification and outstanding workshops and clinics for

Summer Music Clinic July 26Aug. 7 advancement.

Semester Credit—Semester rather than quarter credit. Six semester'Genealogy Clinic Aug. 2-7 hours may term. be earned per

High School Publications Workshop Aug. 9-13 Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics, and the

Workshop on Teaching the Blind nearby scenic Wasatch Mountains provide recreational outlets.

Aug. 2-13 The Timpanogos Hike is the experience of a lifetime.

Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern campus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

-CUP AND MAILREMEMBER THESE DATES:

TO: Director of Summer School

Brigham Young University 1st Term—June 14—July 16

C-356 ASB Provo, Utah 84o01 2nd Term -July 19Aug. 19

Please send me ftee of charge your Summer School bulletin.

NAME Brigham Young ADDRESS. UNIVERSITY

I am especially interested in: PROVOUTAH

Why the Godless hate these books

... and why the Godfearing find daily inspiration in them

Great Books contain the great truths that are fatal to compare Plato's ideas on dictators, vital to religious men and women everywhere. lifeteachingsafter ofdeaththe Bible.with theIn

In these volumes you can trace the origin and developthe Syntopicon under ment of religious freedom, tolerance, the brotherhood of "Immortality,"you find chapterand-verse referman, and other concepts by which you live. ences to //mentions of the

subject in the Bible, plus From the pages of Great Books, 74 Thomas Jefferson. exactthe hundredsreferencesof ideasto eachon immortalityof

immortal authors speak to you. Yet these 74 immortals, whose in Great Books.

From them you can gain strength numbers include poets, philosophers, to live with the troubles of our times. dramatists, novelists, historians, FREE OFFER... act now!

As you read them your mind is scientists, political and economic Find out more about Great Books.

stimulated, your spirits lifted, your thinkers, are all important to the Just mail in the attached post card life enriched. You see why these churchgoing millions of Americans for a profusely illustrated 16page

great thoughts are the deadliest today. booklet—free. Send

enemies of tyrants. No one can comTheir ideas—443 works, combined for it today—no

bat these truths except by denying only in the 54 superbly bound volpostage required.

men the right to know them. umes of Great Books—are the founGreat Books, Dept.

What kinds of men dation of our free institutions. 331-1, 425 No. Michwrote Great Books? The amazing Syntopicon igan Ave., Chicago,

Illinois 60611.

Were they all Christians? No. Some With Great Books you receive the

of them—Homer, Aeschylus, Aristwo-volume Syntopicon, a unique

totle and others—lived and died idea index that enables you to trace

before Christ was born. every thought in Great Books and in GREAT

Were they all religious writers? the Bible, as easily as you look up

Augustine was, but not Shakespeare. words in your dictionary.

Thomas Aquinas was, but not For example, suppose you wish to BOOKS

APRIL 1965 273 Stimulating New Books to Enlighten and Uplift REFRESHING

1. TRUTH BY REASON

AND BY REVELATION $4.50

by Frank B. Salisbury

Professor Salisbury has written a book that will appeal to all troubled by, or merely interested in, the socalled conflict between science and religion. Professor TRUTH Salisbury shows that as we gain an appreciation of absolute truth, apparent scientific contradictions disappear. Frank B. SPRING Salisbury is a prominent biologist, renowned for his work in exobiology.

READING 2. LATTERDAY PROPHETS

AND THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS $4.25

Volume IVSections 107136 by Roy W. Doxey

in a series and final volume The fourth with extremely popular has proved 1 we* jilts that

A*.- scripture scholars. Elder Doxey's technique of using the inspired interpretations

of Church Leaders from Joseph Smith to the present time ensures the reader of a deeper, more authoritative, understanding of the Doctrine and Covenants.

3. THE SACRAMENT OF

THE LORDS SUPPER $2.75

P. Johnson Alan by iCRAMENTofthe

of this sublime meaning glory and The LORDS SUPPER is reverently unfolded through ordinance the use of history, scripture, and latterday revelation. Elder Johnson has written

a definitive work on the LDS concept of the sacrament that will become a classic.

Extremely interesting!

4. THE GOSPEL God,

Man and Truth $3.25

by David H. Yarn, Jr.

University, has given us a thoroughly refGOSPEL] searchedThe author, a professor at Brigham Young strikingly and thoughtful interpretation of for God's plan man. Going GOD

the c beyond the words scriptures, of he lJ MAN captures for us the whole meaning ANC and will give t TRUTH youintenthoursof God'sof pleasurablelaw. This bookreading, and

'eieP'''many moreof stimulating thought.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

3 7 8 5 6 4

bill Please me, I have Order Money t)e*eretCOM P AN Y Book II shouldenclose12likecheckto receive the Mowing books circled 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL an account.

CITY SALT LAKE Name BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address

City, State Zip.

Residents of Utah add Vh% sales tax. I. E. April

Residents ofCalifornia ordering through California store, please add 4% sales tax. imwmmiiim rm.<HHHI1m TMM

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for April 1965 Volume 68, Number 4

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Church Features Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

The Editor's Page: The Choice of an Eternal Companion, 276282 Art:Art: EdEd MaryonMaryon

President David O. McKay 284 284288, Photo:289 Art:TedRonaldCannonWilkinson

to Photos: Nelson 297 Wadsworth

Art: Kilbourn 299Your Question: Those Who Die without Law, 291298, Dale

President Joseph Fielding Smith 286 300, 301 Art: Fae Barson

303 Art: Giacomo Grosso

The Church Moves On, 278; Melchizedek Priesthood: Mail Call, 336; Presiding Bishopric's 305306 Art:Art: BenjaminTed NagataConstant

Page, 338. 308 Photo: Hugh Nibley

311 Photo: Reprinted from Revue

D'Egyptologie, vol. 13

312, 313 Art: Virginia Sargent,

Special Features 314, 315MauriceArt: ScanlonTed Nagata

Your Character Is Your Responsibility, Mary H. Robinson 288 337338, Photo:339 Photos:Hal RumelUnknown

Art: 340, Sargent, Virginia 341 Report, PavilionMormon at the New York World's Fair... A Progress Maurice Scanlon

- Phyllis Art: 290 344 Richard Luch J. Marshall

Teaching: The Inspired Revision of the Bible, Part 3, Robert ]. Matthews 302 353345 Art:Art: DalePhyllisKilbournLuch

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 3, Hugh Nibley.308 354355 Art:Art: JerryTed NagataThompson

Genealogy: Effective Family Organizations 312 356357 Art:Art: DaleF. AnthonyKilbournSmith

When Mormons Settled San Bernardino, Aubrey B. Haines... 314 359358 Art:Art: RonaldTed N?gataWilkinson

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, 361,363,360 Art: Lynn364 Art:FreemanVirginia Sargent

Richard L. Evans. 316, 317, 318, 322, 324, 348, 351 366367 Art:Art: LynnDave FreemanBurton

368 Art: Ed Maryon

These Times: The China Problem, G. Homer Durham, 276; Letters and Reports, 280; Exploring

the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 282.

The Era of Youth: Missionaries 353

The Last Word 368

Family and Home Features Use Salesmanship on Children, Mabel Otis Robison 300 "Retold Stories,"A Spoonful of Sugar, Part 2, Daryl V. Hoole 306

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Spring Zings through Our Senses. 340

Home, Sweet Home, FBP 334 Spring Cleaning Hints, Blanche Campbell 345

Stories, Poetry Fresh Courage Take, Klea Evans Worsley 298

Poetry.326, 328, 335, 343, 346, 352

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Evans, Editors; Associate C. L. O. Editor; Richard and Josephson, Managing Managing Doyle Green,David Marha McKay Albert cover Editorial Associates; Editor; Davis, B. Becki Editor; Florence Carter Pinnock, Today'sResearch Family Marlowe,Editor; Darold Donna L. Zobell,MarionJr., the

Editor; Tlic Direction: Associate Art Era Elaine Era Hanks, YouthE. Grant,Editor;L. Studio. Reynolds Youth The Hicgins,Cannon, RalphD. of of

is more thrilling than What S. Harris, Editors, Gardiner, A. B. Sperpy. FranklinG. Nibley, Contributing Sidney Jr., Hugh Homer Alma Dubham,

G. Carlos Director; ThayerSmith,Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription thethe lushmountainsnew growthat springof a time?meadow in

Photographer Hal Rumel of Association Superintendent, Mutual Christ of Latterday Improvement YoungGeneral of Jesus Church The caught the detail an unusual upon of Associations of rights All Christ reserved. Subscription LatterdayImprovement The ChurchMen's price, $3.00 of Jesus Saints,a year,1965,inandadvance;publishedmultipleby thesubscripMutual transparency.

tions, price. 2 years, $5.75; 3 years, year, $8.25; each succeeding $2.50 the three to a year year Saints.added

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

ImprovementThe Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

notice days'Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless theforoldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

APRIL 1'.65 275

ven$ The China rown SPORTS Problem

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe 1*1

complete line of big name sporting goods UMaoa ISAMD

iPieonM*OI IM U. J,.

OFFIC/AL The basic "China problem,"so this culture that the Celestial Emcerned, is that we are ignorant of sovereignty based on cultural su- w. SOFTMLL V far as nearly all Americans are conpire assumed for itself "universal m China. If, as Grayson Kirk says, one premacy."Thus the Chinese tend

of hold, F. the marks in the of H. of an educated words man to

ASIOO is to "look "that squarely at the world Lach, and Donald McNair and its problems—and always with their country is the center of the

Suppliers of the hope,"there are few educated men world, the hub of the universe; that

among us. For who among us, looktheirs is the only civilization worthy

Official AllChurch at civilizations of that other sees the ing world, the apprename; any

of ciable nations in of part import...."small Africa are Asia or and deep Balis Tournament

perspective? The bulk of mankind The social and philosophical

lives in Asia. Nearly one in every foundations of the culture underfour people is Chinese. Our general lying Red China are almost wholly

ignorance, as a people, of China, unknown to the West. An illustraits history and people, is a basic tion may assist our understanding:

lack at which more of us must work In 1793 one of the most powerful to become knowledgeable. states in the West, England, sent

There are approximately 600,- Lord M'Cartney to the court of 000,000 people in Red China today. the emperor, hoping to secure the

They constitute a powerful group privilege of a permanent diplomatic armed with atomic weapons. representative to help enrich the

China represents one of the British "sea barbarians"in securing world's oldest civilizations. Before tea, silk, porcelain, and other prized

Abraham, the Chinese people were Chinese products. The emperor reworshiping Shang Ti ( "The Lord") jected them politely, saying to

introducing laws against excessive George III:

TOVE SHERRILL drinking, paying a tithe of their "I have perused your memorial crop yield as Abraham did to Mel-... which reveals a respectful huchizedek, and developing a culture mility on your part which is highly

and a civilization more richly enpraiseworthy. In consideration of

dowed, in many respects, than the the fact that your ambassador and 1*1 old Egyptian. They had lyric his deputy have come a long way,

poetry, colleges and schools, urban... I have allowed them to be introlife, books of bamboo slips, curduced into my presence [and]... Stevens—Brown Sports

1176 East 21st South rency,So powerfuland art. and influential was have"Ourentertaineddynasty'sthemmajesticat a banquet.virtue

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone: 4677726

V / 278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA has penetrated into every country under heaven.... Our celestial

Empire possesses all things in prolific abundance, and lacks no product within its borders. I... have

no use for your country's merchandise...."

The pride and ancient strength of this culture may also be recalled.

When the Turks closed the Mediterranean and Near East trade routes in 1453, the spices, tea, and other Oriental products brought in

Chinese junks to the Red Sea were no longer available to the

West. A man named Christopher

Columbus sailed west to get to

China, and instead, he landed on the unknown Americas. Western

Europe's "bumping"into the Americas postponed only temporarily its eagerness to acquire the wealth of "the Indies"and "Cathay."By 1842, in the Opium

War, the superior cannon of the

West opened five treaty ports.

A "time of troubles,"as Toynbee would say, descended on China after the European "sea barbarians"came in force: the Portuguese, then

the Dutch, the British, and the

French, followed by a few Americans and their "China clippers."

Meanwhile, the Russians were coming across Siberia by land. As all

these descended on the celestials after 1842, they were followed by the energetic Germans. Lastly came Returning to

the newly awakened Japanese, cultural if not political subjects of theChinese. The Brigham Young Corner

Let us look quickly at China as it was only a hundred years ago. Zions First National Bank will soon return to Salt Lake's

It will help us understand the backmost distinctive address - No. One Main Street - where the

ground situation. bank has stood for more than threequarters of a century. China held in subjection or exacted tribute from what is now On the "Brigham Young corner"the bank will have its"Southeast Asia."This included central offices in a new building with expanded operations—

Viet Nam. Chinese rule also exthe most modern service but with the same reliability and

tended to Formosa, the Pescadores, sound management that has been characteristic of Zions Bank

Tibet, Sinkiang, Mongolia (both since its founding by Brigham Young in 1873.Outer Manchuria, and Inner),

Korea, and the offshore islands. For efficient, dependable service on a checking account,

The British, by treaty, wrung away savings account, or when you need a loan, "See Zions First

Burma in 1886, Tibet in 1912. The National first."

French peeled away French Indochina by 1883. Korea, Formosa,

and certain offshore islands fell ZIONS 70 East South Templeto the Japanese in 1895. By the late

nineteenth century, there was cause 235102 SouthSouth MainMain to wonder whether Manchuria was 8th West & 21st Southnot in fact Russian. The Shantung FIRST NATIONAL Cottonwood Mall

peninsula was German. Certain 450 South 2nd West

areas were French. Macao was Kearns7th East & 4th SouthPortuguese. Was Britain with BANKFounded by Brigham Young—1873 Taylorsville

(Continued on page 317)

Send mail to 70 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

APRIL 1965 277 $} GQAt/fiMfiom!

FOR YOUR The CLUB... SCHOOL Church Moves OR CHURCH TO RAISE On

FEBRUARY 1965CASH February is the month of the annual penny drive throughout the Church. The fund supports the Primary Children's Hospital

in Salt Lake City.

With the approval of President McKay, administrative responsibilities for educational institutions of the Church were divided. Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson remains as president of Brigham

Young University. Dr. Harvey L. Taylor, BYU vicepresident and

vicechancellor of the Unified Church School System since 1957, will iwcbtt* now administer all other church educational institutions, as administrator of the Unified Church School System. They include

Ricks College, Rexburg, Idaho; LDS Business College, Salt Lake

City; Church College of Hawaii; the church schools of the Pacific

and Mexico; and all seminaries and institutes of religion.

Wards and branches of the Church in the United States observed this as Boy Scout Sunday.

Elder Russell L. Hulme sustained as president of San Jose West

(California) Stake succeeding President Louis W. Latimer. Elders

M. Donald Abraham and Louis E. Ward sustained as counselors.

President Hulme and Elder Abraham were serving as counselors to

President Latimer.

President and Sister David O. McKay returned to Salt Lake

that sunshine said President the and relaxation did CASH TheMAKE City following an eighteenday vacation in Laguna Beach, $6010 time of your California. members—every get to to work. back he was anxious him good and sell 12 cans of Kitchengroup each

Fresh Chocolettes or Coconettes at only $1.00 per can! President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve

as conferences at six stake the Brigham simultaneously presided PROFIT 100% this in the Albert George University weekend stakes met This delicious KitchenFresh Fine Young

Candy, in onelb. size canisters, costs Smith Fieldhouse. Elder M. Elmer Christensen, representing the

your group only 50c each and sells Priesthood Home Teaching Committee, accompanied President

the quarterly to care for their part of for each of the BYU stakes,SENDfor $1.00! Smith. The general board of the Relief Society sent six sisters, one assigned Authorities conferences. General 1962 were During NOcan orderMONEY120 to 1,200 Your group

cans today! Take up to 30 days to wherever feasible to attend two geographically adjacent stakes,

send payment. When ordering, give meeting with one on Sunday morning and the other during the

number title, phone your name, and afternoon.

address, address, the name,"complete etc., of 2nd officer, name of club, Upon the advice of his physician, President David O. McKay

school, church or group, quantity of entered the LDS Hostpital this evening to undergo a series of tests each desired, and nearest Freight Ofand for observation.

sent post). parcel (no Extras Heiner, President Jr., succeeds Heber L. Alder Grant Elder cost east of shipping to cover FREEfice counselors Utah) Stake. (Ogden, as president NewJ. of Ben Lomond Only! Rockies. Offer to Groups Open

are Elders Floyd J. Woodfield and Jay H. Rhees. Retiring counselors

are Elders Reuben G. Rhees and Karl S. Storey.

Elder Melvin C. Woodland sustained as president of American

River (California) Stake, succeeding President Austin G. Hunt.

His counselors are Elders Earl J. Taylor and Nephi R. Hacken.

President Woodland was serving as (Continued on page 333)

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Built by the toil of a persecuted people in B. H. ROBERTS

search of a home, the city of Nauvoo rose from the edge of an unclaimed, hostile swamp to experience one brief hour of greatness... only

to fall. Page by page and chapter by chapter

you will gain an intimate insight into the life and glory that was Nauvoo, the city beautiful.

A human chronicle of events embracing seven years of triumph blackened by the tragic martyrdom of the Prophet and the Saints'expulsion from their homes.

The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo by B. H. Roberts

$3.95

The mind of man, wherein lies the noblest progress of civilization and the greatest poten- 'BY tial of man. From the seedlings of thought come

LEO J. MUia the ennobling accomplishments of humanity,

the ultimate power of the universe. Read the

thoughts of great minds from every age. Be

elevated by some of the pioneer thinkers of the world. Explore ideas that have no national

limitations. For all who speak, teach, or are

interested in great ideas, this is the book.

Treasured Quotes and Verse for

Latterday Saints By Leo J. Muir

$3.95

BOOKCRAFT 4/65 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

ORDER FROM Please send the book (books) as indicated for

YOUR NEAREST which I enclose check or money order for $

BOOKCRAFT DEALER Rise and Fall Treasured Quotes and Verse

OR FROM of Nauvoo for Latterday Saints

BOOKCRAFT NAME...

ADDRESS.

CITY STATE. ZIP.

APRIL 1'965 279 MUSIC FOR WARD AND STAKE CHOIRS Abide With Me—Gates..25

All in the April Evening.20 Letters Arise.25 Awake

Bless Ye the Lord.20 Brother James Air.35 and

Scott Blessed.25 Ye—Come Reports

This Pass Never 1 May Way Again—Ringwald.25

Joseph Smith's First Prayer—Cornwall.25

Lord, Teach Me How to Pray.20 STILLHAWAIIANGLOWSSUNSET WITHQUARTETFESTIVALBEGAN

Lo What a Precious Rose.25

Now Thank We All Our God.25 Itmywasreactiongood toto thebe remembered!cover of the DecemberThis was Four(Arizona)activeSecondchurchWardwomenmadein themselvesSt. Johns

O Loving Savior Slain 1964 Era, and I know it was the reaction into a quartet for the ward quartet for Us.18 of many other people in Hawaii and the festival in 1962. They won. They won the

A Prophet Stood—Wilkinson.30 SouthHavingPacific.worked in Hawaii for about beginningstake contest,of too.the Butstory,thatforwastheonly"Gaythe

called Notes,"themselves, as they of the are years with young members We Are Watchmen.30 five

I still areas, together at three years later singing other nonmainland from Church

Music Sent on Approval feel it is important for them to know that church and for many public and social

Write for Our Choral Catalogs understoodtheir homes andand appreciatedlife in their byhomeschurchare functions.the ApacheLastCountyautumntalentthe quartetcontest wonand

For All Your Musical Needs Write leaders whom they hold in high respect. participated in the state contest at the

An Era cover can be a source of increased state fair in Phoenix.

selfrespect. The four women, 1 to r, are Julie

Qejufao We appreciate your Truly,thoughtfulness. Rahan,Junior SundayPrimarySchoolpresident;coordinator;Katy AnnaLee, Music Co Lucile McAuliffe Davis,Richey, SundayYWMIASchoolpresident;chorister.andBetweenEsther Box 2009

children, they 23 have but, "We to find to practise time and IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO NORTHWEST MIA JOYS INCREASE themstill seem

Grand Coulee Stake in central Washingsing, and we do love it."

ton is proud of its Mia Maids. The percentage of these young girls who earned

the Mia Joy award climbed nearly 15 percent in one year when 75 girls achieved the award in 196364. Stake Mia Maid

leader Alta Duvall, Moses Lake, (back row, far right) has been a leader in the

Mia Maid program since it was begun in

A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY forthe Churchten yearsin 1950.until Shebeingwascalledward toleaderthe

CAN HELP YOU RAISE U80 TO $2,500 stake position in 1960. Fortynine of the

No money in advance... no risk... no obligation. 75 girls are pictured.

We will give you a FREE dollar box of nationally known Mason candy and tell you how your organization can make 40 on every $1.00 box.

You have a choice of Mason Mints, Almond

Cocoanut, Assorted Jellies, Walnut Fudge. At

no extra charge each package is wrapped with your organization's name and picture. You pay

only after you have sold the candy.

Return what you don't sell. More than 60,000

organizations have raised money this easy way. So can you! For complete information,

fill in and mail this coupon today!

Taylor, Dept. 978 Mary

Y. N. Box 549, Mason, Mineola, a to aries church going GRATITUDE on become OF LETTER and A

obligesGentlemen: Please send without me, is of anything than worth more member tion, Plan. Raising information your Fund on

life else letter has brought me. column, I should your Through Name 9 all all should thank you, to parents I thank and like to say something we who

, (if 21). under Age infinite his estabin that he sons daughters. wisdom missionary and have God

,,, Organization in dispensation. our is lished order an such these people young do work The

Address invaluable. These elders and sisters with To all who are about to become misCity & Statetheir faith and glowing testimony have sionaries, I can only say, yours is a most

County changed, are changing, and will change wonderful field of labor. God bless

How many members Phone many lives. Mine was one such life. you all.

MASON CANDIES, INC., MINEOLA, N.Y. The privilege I have had in meeting Rae A. Williams

with and being taught by these missionAuckland, New Zealand

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * K\J (A $6.50

for **f$f */?

BY JOINING THE

LDS BOOKS CLUB NOW!

UNIVERSITY OF WYOMING TOWARD A BETTER LIFE

SENIOR EARNS AWARD by Mark E. Petersen

igj University of WyoJU fe ming senior Karen (good only in the

Laramie Henderson, LIFE'S DIRECTIONS iHB

Canada) and Second Ward, of series fireside addresses has A to time found cam J U.S. I "'***

Authorities General by. indi- (offer expires YWMIA 31, 1965) May,*cwW eight

Jk vidual awards even H-"-mL duringyears. activeKarencollegerebuilding their libraries of fine Churchmill*!books,!iw there,

her Gold ceived Mehelp to material reading the their families choicest and themselves for earning given sevendallion Rmaward, under- a fuller faith and bring them to testimonies and strengthen their at that the time awards,individual same she received the eighth award. standing of the precious truths of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

Karen has been Lambda Delta Sigma girls'chapter president, served three START YOUR BOOKS CLUB MEMBERSHIP WITH ONE OF THESE FINE years as Mutual dance director, was a BOOKS OR THE BOOK FEATURED BELOW!

member of Spurs, national sophomore women's service organization, and is 1. First 2,000 Years 4. The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo

senior counselor to Spurs this year. She by W. Cleon Skousen..$3.95 by B. H. Roberts $3.95

was also a member of Chime, a women's 2. Third Thousand Years 5. LDS Reference Encyclopedia

organization. by W. Cleon Skousen.. $5.95 by Melvin R. Brooks...$5.00

3. Prophecy, Key to the Future 6. Way of Success

ARIZONA EAGLES by Duane Crowther...$3.95 by Sterling W. Sill.... $3.50

WIN TRIP

P. O. Box 400 - Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

P. 0. BOX 400 - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84101

Please send me as my first selection the following circled books for which I enclose a check or money order for the regular retail price of $ plus $1.29 for my bonus books. 12 3 4 5 6 7 4/65

Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether or not J want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4

Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. I may resign at any time after buying four books. For each 4 books I accept, I

will receive a valuable bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

NAME Scoutmaster Virgil Bushman in the Joseph ADDRESS

City (Arizona) Ward made a promise. CITY STATE. ZIP.

He pledged that if five boys in his troop earned their Eagle rank in one year, he would take them to Carlsbad Caverns in eastern New Mexico. That was several

years ago. BY

In November 1964 he kept his promise LEO J. MUIK

to not five but nine young Scouters who earned the high rank and the 1000mile 7, Treasured Quotes and Verse for Latter day Saints trip. by Leo J. Muir

Pictured are, 1 to r, first row, Scoutmaster Bushman; second row, Roger Read the thoughts of great minds from every age

Randall, Ivan Bushman; third row, RichExplore ideas that have no national limitation;

ard Shelley, Richard Miller, Jeffrey Bushall who speak, teach, or are interested in great man, Robert Shelley; fourth row, Nelson ideas, this is the book, $3 95

Miller, Virgil Bushman, Jr. Not pictured

is Terry Hunt.

Jw opg?.#m> J> d/i/i

APRIL 1965 281 Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

ABOUT HIBERNATION

Interesting observations on hibernation in mammals and birds have been reported by Dr. Charles P.

Lyman of Harvard University.

Hibernation is the stupor which occurs in warmblooded animals when the body temperature drops

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the to a few degrees above freezing alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about and metabolism diminishes to

liquor to want to have no part of it? l/50th of normal. At least 5 of

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual havethe 18 speciesliving orderswhichof hibernate.mammals

Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF Included in the hibernators are:

THOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile European hedgehog, two lemurs,

insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for most of the bats, dormice, ground squirrels, birchmice, chipmunks, you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money

woodchucks, bears. Swifts, poorat the same time.

If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and insure with Peferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile

insurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who

say, "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an

explanation of Preferred Risk's plan for claimfree drivers, return this coupon now. wills, and hummingbirds can all

lower their body temperature in IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

an unfavorable temperature environment. Some ground squirrels

ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON hibernate at the same time of year

Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I undereven in an artificially illuminated,

stand there is no obligation. IE—4-65 airconditioned laboratory. Syrian

will at hibernate time auto insurance hamsters any Name—Myexpires:

for cold of year if exposed to a Month Address.

City -StateDay- sufficiently long period of time.

hibernates each birchmouse The

Occupation. Year. night each day. and rewarms The

Age.Age of principal driver of auto. Age of youngest driveroptimum environmental temperaMake of Car.Year. -No. Cylindersture for hibernation in most mamBody type & Model (Scries) mals is about 40 F. The respiraUse of Car 1 Q Pleasure Q Business To and from workmiles one way. tory rate slows to less than one a

Marital Status of Principal Driver: Q Married with. -children minute, usually two or three short

living at home Q Single D Single, Herald article. gasps followed by longer rest peof Christian free copy Send me riods. The heart rate slows to 2 to

ACCIDENTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL 3mentalbeats atemperatureminute. If theapproachesenvironINSURANCE COMPANY freezing, the hibernating animal in150 South 4th East, Dept. 660 creases its metabolic rate and maybe able to maintain its body temSalt Lake City, Utah Phone 3641804

perature without waking.

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WE'RE HAVING A GREAT TIRE SALE! (For a limited time only.)

I'm putting special sale prices on every tire in my station. From the

popular Atlas tires to the incomparable Amoco 120 Super Premium Tire. And you can take your time to pay with your American

Oil credit card. Or ask me to arrange easy terms.

So hurry in when you see my tire sale ad in your newspaper.

I can't go on like this forever. Yow Annriean 0i, Dea/ef

You expect more from American and you get it!*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY 'Trademark

APRIL 1965 283 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

In choosing a companion in marriage, it is necessary once said that if you meet a girl in whose presence to study the disposition, the inheritance, and the trainyou feel a desire to achieve, who inspires you to do ing of the one with whom you are contemplating makyour best, and to make the most of yourself, such a ing life's journey. You see how necessary it is to look young woman is worthy of your love and is awakening

for the characteristics of honesty, of loyalty, of chastity, love in your heart."

and of reverence. I submit that, young men, as a true guide. And I

But after having found them, "How then,"you ask, ask you, young women, to cherish that same guide.

"can you tell whether or not there is any consanguinity, Courtship is a wonderful period. It should be a

that something which will make you at least consacred one. That is the time in which you choose your

genial in each other's company?""Is there,"you ask, mate. Young men, your success in life depends upon

"some guide?"Though love is not always a true guide, that choice. Choose prayerfully the one who inspires

especially if that love is not reciprocated or is beyou to do your best and always remember that no man stowed upon a surly creature or a brute, yet certainly injures the thing he loves.

there is no happiness without love. "Well,"you may We who are older and know the great potential

ask, "how can I know when I am in love?"of youth realize that you young men and young

That is a very important question. Years ago at the women have just entered into that state of life when

University of Utah, a fellow student and I considered you are driven by heavenly bestowed passions—I say

that query one night as we walked together. As young Godgiven passions. Young people, do not be misled.

men of that age frequently do, we were talking about You are at that period of life in which your physical girls. Neither he nor I knew whether we were in nature manifests itself, but you must also remember

love or not. Of course I had not then met my present that God has given you, in the same period of life,

sweetheart—my wife today of over sixtyfour years. powers of reasoning; he has given you judgment, and

My walking companion that night later became a these for a divine purpose. Let reason and judgment

general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual be your guide—your balance.

Improvement Association, a mission president, a Did you ever stand by the side of an enginetrusted Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, and throbbing, throbbing, throwing out its power, and an Apostle. I refer to the late Elder George Q. Morris. disseminating heat? On those stationary engines you

In answer to my question, "How can we know will find balances. If it were not for them, the whole

when we are in love?"George replied: "My mother building might be blown up. But as the heat intensi284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

admonition when I started in my teens to court a young girl: "David, you treat that young lady as you

would have any boy treat your sister."Young men,

follow that advice, and you will go through life with your conscience clear.

Now, marriage follows courtship as day follows night, and marriage has as its divine purpose the rearing of a family. It offers an opportunity to share

in the love and care of children. Without children—

or without believing that children are importantmarriage is incomplete and unfulfilled.

True, we are admonished to love everybody. Yes,

we should love everybody now; but you and I know

that we love those whom we know best. I love her

whom I have seen sacrifice her life for the little loved ones—her by whose side I have sat and together

prayed and yearned over our little darlings.

The happiness that has come to Sister McKay and me through more than sixtyfour years of marriage springs from the fact that we have had seven children, ompamim six of whom are living. These children with our grandchildren and greatgrandchildren are our treasures

of eternity.

I love my mother, too, who I know offered her life fies, those balances are thrown farther and farther out that I might have being. When we meet these personso that the whole thing is under control. You have alities in the eternal realm, we shall recognize them

your reason, your judgment, as balances to your pasand know them because of these experiences in this sions. Try not to lose these balances or there may be life. And that union of loving hearts will be peran explosion that will wreck your life. petuated after life. That is why we are marriedNow, the seeds of a happy married life are sown in sealed—for time and eternity. It is not just a mere

youth. Happiness does not begin at the altar; it begins dogma of the Church—it is a truth fundamental to the

during the period of youth and courtship. These seeds life and happiness of all humanity. It is the part of

of happiness are sown by your ability to master your wisdom to choose the house of the Lord in which to driving passions. Chastity should be the dominant plight your love and to consecrate your vows.

virtue among young people. In the Church there is Let me conclude here by giving you a glimpse of

but a single standard. It applies to the boys as well as the significance of such a marriage. The bridegroom

to the girls. If you follow that standard—indeed, if kneeling at the altar has in his heart the dearest posyou will listen to the promptings of your own true session that a husband can cherish—the assurance that

heart—you will learn that selfmastery during youth she who places her hand in his, in confidence, in marand compliance with the single standard of morality riage, is as pure as a sunbeam—as spotless as the snow

is the source of virile manhood, the crown of beautiful newly fallen from the heavens. He has the assurance

womanhood, the foundation of a happy home, and a that in her purity and sweetness she typifies divine contributing factor to the strength and perpetuity of motherhood.

the race. Equally sublime is the assurance the young girl has

Laxity in youth is as a personal note that must be that the man whom she loves, to whom she has given paid in age. Twenty, thirty, forty years hence, you herself in marriage, comes to her with that same purity

must pay it. Mastery and chastity are also seeds sown and strength of character which she brings to him.

which will pay large dividends in years hence, and Such a union will indeed be a marriage ordained of those years pass quickly—oh, so quickly. God for the glory of his creation.

Young man, always remember when you take a This is your heritage, youth, as you contemplate an girl out to a party that her father and mother trust her eternal partnership, and I pray that you may realize to you. She is their most precious possession. May I it and find the true joy and happiness of such a

give you a heart petal here? I remember my father's cherished ideal.

APRIL 1965 285 THOSE WHO DIE WITHOUT LAW

question: In teaching a nonthe day for men to perform their

member the gospel I have met with labors.

something I cannot explain. This "And now, as I said unto you

friend declares that the eighth before, as ye have had so many chapter of Moroni, verses 22 and witnesses, therefore, I beseech of 23, wherein the statement is made you that ye do not procrastinate the that "... it is mockery before God, day of your repentance until the QUESdenying the mercies of Christ, and end; for after this day of life, which

the power of the Holy Spirit, and is given us to prepare for eternity, putting trust in dead works,"to behold, if we do not improve our TION time while in this life, then comethbaptize little children, for they are "alive in Christ,"as are "all they the night of darkness wherein there can performed. no labor be XT'T"! the is so law,"that are without XIJljl tf\cM&-$ut*J-JO XT.say, cannot "Ye when ye are

thatemphatically stated it seems brought to that awful crisis, that Ito come in conflict with the words FIELDING will repent, that I will return to my of Amulek recorded in Alma, chapGod. Nay, ye cannot say this; forter 34, verses 3234, wherein he SMITH that same spirit which doth possess

says: PRESIDENT OF your bodies at the time that ye go

"For behold, this life is the time THE COUNCIL out of this life, that same spirit will for men to prepare to meet God; OF THE TWELVE have power to possess your body

yea, behold the day of this life is in that eternal world."

answer: It is the simplest thing in the world to elephant was "verily like a fan."Another took hold

receive a false impression and reach an erroneous of the elephant's tail and declared the elephant was conclusion in regard to matters when we do not have like a rope; another a leg and said the elephant was

before us all the facts. Also, to enter by misunderstandlike a tree; and so each obtained a different idea as to

ing into criticism and at times contention over every what the elephant was like. Each satisfied himself

simple thing contributes to our individual harm. This by what he discovered.

brings to mind the story of the blind men who went The divine records declare positively that every to "see"the elephant. I do not have the poem but sinner should repent and that baptism is for remisthe substance is as follows: One of these men got sion of sins, based on the great atonement of the Son

hold of the ear of the elephant and declared that the of God. It is a very reasonable doctrine to believe

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA positively that every sinner should repent and that who have never known the truth and who were innobaptism is for the remission of sins, based on the cent of wilful sin. He was speaking to a group of

great atonement of the Savior of the world. It is also people who at one time had been active members

reasonable to believe that he who has no understandof the Church, but because of wickedness their minds ing of right and wrong should not be punished as one had become darkened; and Amulek was pleading with

who has full understanding. them to return and do their first works over again,

It is, however, a merciful and just decree of the for if they persisted in the course they were taking

Father of us all, that men are to be punished for their there was no salvation for them. Mormon made this

own sins when they are capable of sinning. By capadoctrine perfectly clear in his writings to his son

bility of sin, I mean having an understanding conMoroni. Moreover, he declared that all those who had

cerning right and wrong. No man who has never reached maturity but had been without the divine

heard of Jesus Christ and who has never come in conlight of the gospel belonged to the same class as did tact with the saving principles of the gospel should be little children. His statement is as follows:

punished with the same decree of punishment as "For behold that all little children are alive in Christ, would one who has been taught the correct plan of and also all they that are without law. For the power

salvation. The Lord has said that little children are of redemption cometh on all them that have no law;

without sin, and should they die in their early childwherefore, he that is not condemned, or he that is hood they would be saved in the kingdom of God. under no condemnation, cannot repent; and unto such

The word of the Lord on this is perfectly clear. I baptism availeth nothing—

quote from the Doctrine and Covenants, section 29, "But it is mockery before God, denying the mercies verses 4650: of Christ, and the power of his Holy Spirit, and putting

"But behold, I say unto you, that little children are trust in dead works.

redeemed from the foundation of the world through "Behold, my son, this thing ought not to be; for

mine Only Begotten; repentance is unto them that are under condemnation

"Wherefore, they cannot sin, for power is not given and under the curse of a broken law.

unto Satan to tempt children, until they begin to be- "And the first fruits of repentance is baptism; and

come accountable before me; baptism cometh by faith unto the fulfilling the com-

"For it is given unto them even as I will, according mandments; and the fulfilling the commandments

to mine own pleasure, that great things may be rebringeth remission of sins;

quired at the hand of their fathers. "And the remission of sins bringeth meekness, and

"And, again, I say unto you, that whoso having lowliness of heart; and because of meekness and lowknowledge, have I not commanded to repent? liness of heart cometh the visitation of the Holy

"And he that hath no understanding, it remaineth Ghost, which Comforter filleth with hope and perin me to do according as it is written. And now I defect love, which love endureth by diligence unto

clare no more unto you at this time. Amen."prayer, until the end shall come, when all the saints

Now Amulek was not speaking of a class of people shall dwell with God."(Moroni 8:2226.)

APRIL I'965 287 Recently in a case where a youth of nineteen committed a serious crime and threw himself upon the mercy of the court, the judge read his sentence and is a demonstration to you that everyyour character then said, "This man is responsible for his own acts. You have formed

your own character."

Those words cut straight across the silence of that room like the rays of the sun filtering through the ispr blinds. I remained standing there long after everyone

had gone. Finally I picked up my coat and left the

lonely courtroom.

I thought of that boy all the way home. I wondered where, what day, what hour he had begun toresponsibility

go astray.

BY MARY H. ROBINSON Although days and weeks passed, still the judge's

words kept coming back to me. Of course the scene

had been a sad and emotional one, but in my work as court interpreter I had observed hundreds of similar cases. This could not account for the way

I felt.

Was it that I disagreed with the statement of the judge?

As I began to go over his words in my mind, I suddenly knew what had so impressed me. I had

become used to excusing everyone, even myself, for wrongdoing and placing the blame elsewhere. For

many years now my ears had been accustomed to hearing people say about those who committed minor or major crimes: "Well, his father was like that, so

how can you blame the child?"or, "What can you

expect? She is too young to know any better,"or

even still, "The man had such a poor background, he couldn't possibly be anything else but bad."I now

realized that it had been a long time since I had heard anyone place responsibility for wrongdoing squarely upon the shoulders of the person committing the act.

I decided to look up the meaning of the word "character."I came upon a sentence that was clear to

me: "A person whose desire and impulses are his

own—the expression of his own nature, as it has been

developed and modified by his own culture, is said to have character."I underlined developed and modified. These were the key words. Taken together they

mean selfdiscipline.

When we say "selfdiscipline,"we see a stern, cold, stiffnecked, straightbacked man. Next, punishment,

enforced obedience, and drills come to our minds. In

reality this is not what we should picture. A disciplined person can be gay, goodnatured, tolerant, and

thoughtful. He yields. He adapts. Yet he stands firm

when he knows he is doing right.

Selfdiscipline applies to the strong as well as to

the weak, for a "very generous, worthy nature without do much to mold and shape circumstances. How

proper discipline, like a rich soil without culture, is often have we seen people take an event which we apt with its better fruits to produce also much that is regard as a calamity and turn it to their own bad and faulty."Little selfdenials, silent victories over advantage!

temptations, and sacrifices do much to develop and I remember my boyhood friend, Harry, who, at the modify our natures. age of ten, lost the use of his right leg after being

I am wondering now how far away we have struck down by infantile paralysis. But this did not

strayed from discipline of ourselves. For our misbestop him from becoming a doctor. Knowing that he

havior we accuse our parents or grandparents of would be unable to treat patients, he dedicated his neglect or overindulgence. We blame society, we life to research in medicine. Last summer, under the

blame the school, we say it is the fault of the church. auspices of one of our big midwestern universities,

Sometimes it takes a grave moment in a courtroom, Harry went to Puerto Rico to study the conditions of a man in black robes, with tears in his eyes and a undernourished, underprivileged children.

voice low and vibrant with emotion, to make us "Those poor youngsters,"he said; "we shall help

realize that selfdiscipline and character rest solely them in some way."Hearing him talk, his eyes bright

upon each one of us. with enthusiasm, I could not help thinking how far

Trying to be fair in my thinking, I asked myself, Harry had come from being a thin, pathetic little "What about catastrophes and illnesses?"Yes, certain boy on crutches to a person with a goal—helping

events do happen beyond our control which affect others. In disciplining his mind and body he had

our behavior, such as the death of a parent at an transcended his disability. John Stuart Mill well said,

early age or a crippling disease. The struggle of life "In proportion to the development of his individuality,

is not offered to all of us under the same circumstances. each person becomes more valuable to himself, and is

But even then our determination and purpose can therefore capable of being more valuable to others."

I have come to the conclusion that with very few exceptions we do what we -want to do, either good or bad. We become in life what we want to become. We

: --v may excuse ourselves and say we have no time or no

talent to do a certain work or to follow a certain line of conduct, but much depends upon the realization that we are responsible for our emotions. Each act

before it becomes an act is a thought.

And so going back to the young man who had been sentenced, I answered the question I had asked at first: What day, what hour, had he gone astray? I

know now that'it was a building of many instances that finally formed his character—not one hour nor

one day, but a series of mounting moments, of doing wrong, and of failing to retrace his steps.

The judge was right. If we do not discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us. Control from without flourishes when discipline from within grows

weak. And then we have need for more policemen,

more guards, more probation officers. Jails and prisons

multiply.

We cannot, then, get away from the essential truth that each one of us is the sum total of his own choices.

Everything we do in life, the planning of every hour of our day is a tiny decision made and carried out to create our experiences. The type of resolutions

followed indicates whether we are building or tearing down our personality. And since we have the power

to exercise judgment, we are responsible for what we do.

APRIL 1965 289 Mormon Pavilion at the

. NewYorkWorld's Fair.

A PROGRESS HilTV/Jtil

BY RICHARD J. MARSHALL

Throughout the dark winter nights, brightly lit Son of God is greatest of them all."In a survey of over

spires of the Salt Lake Temple replica have stood out 45,000 column inches of Mormon Pavilion publicity, against the Long Island skyline, holding twelve stories running in newspapers and magazines nationally, an high the gleaming statue of Angel Moroni. This is the estimated ninetynine percent was found to be "comMormon Pavilion at the New York World's Fair. pletely positive."

For six months, while the Fair has been shut down, As Pavilion officials prepare to open their doors the golden angel has been seen day and night by freeon April 21 for the final six months'excitement of way motorists, silent witness that The Church of Jesus participating in the world's largest fair, results of the

Christ of Latterday Saints has finally come home. 1964 season are still being felt and measured. But

Though Mormons have never abandoned New York what is the measure of this Pavilion? How did it comState, in the minds of eastern Americans, the Church pare with pavilions of other religions, other nations,

has now returned in full strength to the cradle of the and titanic industries? How did it rate in competing

restoration. As one church leader put it, "The image for the attention of visitors against such brilliant showof the Church in the metropolitan East is at its highest manship as Walt Disney's mechanical figures, "audiopoint in the history of our people."animatronics with 45,000 moving parts,"MichelThe Toronto Telegram said, "The New York World's angelo's priceless "Pieta,"or Ford's Magic Skyway

Fair is ushering in a new era of tolerance and underride through the prehistoric past with animated cave standing for members of the Mormon faith,"while the men and lifesize, moving dinosaurs?

influential New York Times pointed out that "the With more than eightyfive percent of its attractions largest assemblage of highranking Mormon officials entirely free, an admission ticket to the Fair is said to to gather in the East since the Mormons went West in open doors on the greatest entertainment bargain in 1846 convened yesterday morning to dedicate the history.

Mormon Pavilion... 'into the hands of God.'"The And time was the greatest competitor. One group

New York Daily News even quoted significant parts proved that to see everything in each of the exhibits, of that dedication, including President Hugh B. Brown, sprawling over 646 acres, took twelve full dayssaying: "It is fitting to be reminded that of all the hurrying along for twelve hours a day.

people who ever lived on this earth, Jesus Christ the Yet, figures released by the New York World's Fair

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w An LDS missionary guide standing near "The Christus"statue talks to a group of World's Fair visitors.

Saints,of of byJesusCorporationUtah.Christ CopyrightTheSaltChurchLake1965City, PrintedofofUsedtheLatterdaybyPresidentinpermission.USA.

APRIL 1965 291 The spires of the Mormon Pavilion in early spring.

ofCopyrightTheSaltChurchLake1965ofCity,byJesusCorporationUtah.Christ PrintedofofUsedtheLatterdaybyPresidentinpermission.USA.Saints,

Committee placed the Mormon Pavilion among the will have had close to three million visitors to its top ten percent of all pavilions for numbers of visipavilion by the end of the 1964 season."

tors. The count indicates some 3,081,000 individuals Authorities at the Pavilion found that as the fair

passed through the church's spacious gallery and disseason moved on, there was a noticeable increase in play rooms during the first fair season, outstripping attendance. Much of this they credit to the satisfaction

most of the bestknown commercial names and prodwith which earlier visitors received the entire exhibit.

ucts in the Fair. As many as three thousand guests an High praise for the Mormon Pavilion was carried by

hour were pulsed through the Mormon Pavilion, word of mouth, but even more effective and far reachdivided into small units by the missionary guides. As ing was the praise of the press. One of the finest exhigh as 34,000 people went through the Pavilion in one amples was the Newark News which claimed, "The

day, an accomplishment rarely attained by the most sleeper of the Fair is proving to be the Mormon aggressive exhibitors. In writing of the spectacular atPavilion, a stately, lovely structure that gains in beauty

traction and performance of the Mormon Pavilion, each time it is seen."

United Press International said, "Significantly, the Equally as glowing was the splendid support given

Mormon Church with a two million world membership by Robert Moses, president of the fair corporation and

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Begonias on the reflecting pond of the Pavilion

Missionary tells about the Twelve Apostles

: [W LDS'lj

The Pavilion at night Statue of Adam and Eve by Elaine Evans

Jesus teaches people of Western Hemisphere Christ teaches in Palestine

ofCopyrightTheSaltChurchLake1965ofCity,byJesusCorporationUtah.Christ PrintedofofUsedtheLatterdaybyPresidentinpermission.USA.Saints,

APRIL 1965 293 LDS

Birth Faith Education

LDS

? '"1 - wmmmmmmmammm

Love and marriage Work and service Adversity

Family unity Fulfilment and Death

ofCopyrightTheSaltChurchLake1965City,of byJesusCorporationUtah.Christ Printedofof theLatterdaybyPresidentinpermission.USA.Saints, Used

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA worldfamous builder of New York's complex of setting for famed singer Marian Anderson and an bridges and tunnels. His published address at dedicaentire choir. Seeing what the Mormons had became

tion time said, "You have brought to us from across a priority item on many fair itineraries.

the mountains a breath of the pioneering spirit and Even the Latterday Saints in California became infresh air of the West. We bless you for it.... Your fected with an enthusiasm for the work of the Pavilion.

Temple dominates the main entrance of the Fair, is Here is what one New York City paper said about a the cynosure of all eyes, and gives a noble first improject sponsored by the Santa Cruz Ward: "Begonias

pression to visitors."And the New York Sunday News that are hard to believe are flown in from California

added, "The Mormons'colorful tradition has come three times a week to add startling beauty to the back to New York—the state where it all began."World's Fair. The unique floral display is arranged

Is it any wonder that curiosity over the Mormon on floating islands in the reflecting pool in front of

1Pavilion was aroused? It became fashionable to be the Mormon Tabernacle. Some of the prizewinning

photographed in front of the pavilion pool, reflecting blossoms, varicolored and vividly beautiful, are eight the facade of the Salt Lake Temple. The Washington inches across.... $68,000 worth will have gone on the

Post used it as a background for a pictorial fashion floating islands by the end of the Fair."This was

show for brides; a major TV network found it a serene blown into a major publicity promotion with over a

The Purpose of Life—Man's Search for Happiness.

The things we did in the spirit world influenced our lives Adversity: Life was not meant to be an unbroken series

here just as the things we do here will reward us in the of joyful events. The Savior said, "... whom the Lord

life hereafter. This divine truth gives purpose to mortal life. loveth he chasteneth,..."

Birth: The miracle of birth is a vital step ini the master Family unity: With the coming of children, family

plan which opens opportunities to all of God's spirit groups may, through upright living and obedience to children. divine law, enjoy a state of happiness which follows a

sacred assurance that family unity can continue beyond the responsibility Faith: to teach The parents is prime of

totheir children uprightly the grave. have faith and walk before

Lord. This teaching should begin at the mother's knee. Fulfilment: Seeing our children and grandchildren grow

Education: "The glory of God is intelligence,...""Whatin stature and wisdom on earth brings great happiness.

principleever we attain unto in this life, it of intelligence life. like birth eternal Death: is part Death of When

will rise in the resurrection."with us to those death live will comes faith that they who have

Love and marriage: As man's spirit and body are again, there is more satisfaction than sadness.

circle eternaleternal, so the through become family may eternal. spirit after death: Life Life is The never of man to gospel. the theobedience laws and principles of One of dies, universal reuniting is and body and promised of spirit

is eternity.these principles marriage for time and all. to die, all "For as so in even shall Christ all in Adam

Work and service: "Be fruitful, and multiply, and rebe made alive."

plenish the earth, and subdue it:..."This was God's first

commandment to his earth children. (Basic text from Mormon Pavilion.)

The Purpose of Life—Man's Search for Happiness.

ofCopyrightTheSaltChurchLake196,5City,of byJesusCorporationUtah.Christ ofUsedof PrintedtheLatterdaybyPresidentinpermission.USA.Saints,

APRIL 1965 295 The Mormon Tabernacle Choir sings for large gathering in front of the Mormon Pavilion on Utah Day.

Saints,of CopyrightTheSaltChurchLake1965ofCity,byJesusCorporationUtah.Christ PrintedofofUsedtheLatterdaybyPresidentinpermission.USA.

hundred newspapers picking up the news release called a "resounding proof of the brilliant triumph."

when a special Begonia Day was inaugurated and a It was generally conceded to be one of the mostBegonia Queen flown in from California. appreciated musical events of the World's Fair, which

Another story that received nationwide interest thus far had hosted some 200 major musical groups.

through the press was a credit to Mormon frugality. The Church enjoyed many triumphs as a result of

This news release poifited out that unlike most other the World's Fair. Perhaps the most deeply stirring,

exhibits, the Mormon Pavilion would not be destroyed and certainly the most lasting, was the ultimate effect at the conclusion of the fair in October 1965. The of the Pavilion upon spiritually aroused visitors. The

New York Herald Tribune said, "It will serve not theme, "Man's Search for Happiness,"seemed to glean only as an exhibit but will have ultimate permanent out many soberthinking people from the pleasureuse. Component parts of the structure... will be bent street throngs. Many guests to the Pavilion later

dismantled... and then used in the construction of made comment on the fact that once inside the buildfuture Mormon chapels on Long Island."ing, after first seeing the magnificent twelvefoot

Efforts to expose Easterners to the fruits of the Thorvaldsen statue of the Resurrected Christ and hearChurch were not limited to the Pavilion. When the ing the softened strains of Tabernacle Choir music, an

Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle Choir came to the New easy feeling of honest reverence came to them. They

York World's Fair, they garnered the largest crowds stayed to listen and to learn. Many are the recent

recorded in the Texas Music Hall and held onto that converts on the east coast who tell of the stirring within record throughout the remainder of the first fair them while hearing forthright testimonies of missionseason. The choir also helped make "Utah Day"the ary guides as their group moved slowly through the

biggest stateday celebration, according to fair ofPavilion, pausing at each display to learn yet another ficials, and this in competition with a colorful parade great precept of the gospel.

of state days, rich with pageantry. Many a missionary, veteran of months of anxious

But eastern seaboard Saints had a surprise for doorto-door tracting, was surprised at the end of these everyone, including the music critics. It was their 300tours to hear a visitor say, "You know, I don't really

voice Singing Mothers combined chorus, which gave know very much about the Mormon Church. How

its premiere performance in the New York World's can I learn more?"At this juncture everyone was inFair Pavilion. The performance scored a standing vited to fill out a referral card, being told that wherovation by a clapping, cheering crowd, which the press ever he lived, other missionaries would surely call

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upon him, if he so desired, explaining more of The a family recently who first heard of the Church

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. When the through disinterested neighbors who had visited the

final tally was taken after the closing of the Fair, some Pavilion and passed on to them some literature. Presi245,000 referrals had been recorded by pavilion misdent Mark E. Petersen of the West European Mission

sionaries, to be processed and sent throughout the reports that two of his British missionaries visited a nation and to missions around the globe. family while tracting. "Come right in and let us tell

About half of these referrals are in the Eastern States you about your Mormon Pavilion we just visited in

Mission, where President Wilburn C. West reports, America,"greeted the father. Weeks later they had

"The profound spiritual effect of our Mormon Pavilion joined the Church.

will continue indefinitely. It has done more to change No one is willing to put any limits on the influence

public opinion in this area and give the Church status of church efforts at the Fair. Bernard P. Brockbank,

than any other event in our lifetime."He points out managing director at the Pavilion, says, "Ye shall know

that one of the most difficult problems for his missionthem by their fruits. And. we have placed our fruits,

aries is the "mushrooming"of contacts. The first visit our missionaries, and our beliefs, properly displayed,

is paid from a pavilion referral card, but soon addiin full view of the peoples of the world. Now our

tional cottage meetings spring up as a natural outmissionaries are being urged to come into homes which growth of the original contact. "We can't keep up with were formerly denied them."

them all,"adds President West enthusiastically. The work of the elders and the sisters inside the

In addition, the continuous mailing of referral cards Pavilion is intense at busy times. They are used in only

has kept them coming in every week since the Fair fivehour shifts; "then off they go to fill out their day

closed. "Please send someone to tell me the full story with teaching assignments in cottage meetings as a

of this wonderful saint, Joseph Smith,"writes a woman result of earlier visits to the Pavilion."He cites such

who carried a tract away from the Fair but didn't read facts as the 42,740 copies of the Book of Mormon which it or send in the attached referral card until months were sold during the fair season last year, plus the dislater. tribution of hundreds of thousands of pieces of

How can the full impact of the Pavilion be mealiterature.

sured? One couple, baptized as a result of their contact The guiding of guests past paintings, pictures,

at the Fair, has in two months brought twelve more statues, and dioramas is coordinated with spoken friends into the Church. The Florida Mission baptized testimonies and instructions. (Continued on page 334)

APRIL 1965 297 As he whistled the warning notes, the beloved words echoed in his mind.

Fresh CourageTakeBY KLEA EVANS WORSLEY

Elder Merrill Keller walked towards the platform of the railway station as he had for the past five days. His eyes watched the rails fading away until they finally turned a bend

in the distant Austrian hills. The Nazi guards were becoming more suspicious daily, but

the next train might be carrying his brother Larry and the other missionaries.

Several times he had decided that the next train would be the last he would wait for, but his concern for Larry and his companions and his intuitive conviction that they would take this route kept him at the station, meeting each train from the east.

Good Brother Dusseldorn's wheezy old truck was waiting under the Lindenstrasse

Bridge two blocks away, and Merrill had memorized in his mind every road and village that led to the nearby Swiss border and freedom.

His companion and the other elders had left a week ago. They made it clear that they

felt his cause was hopeless. Over and over they argued that Merrill couldn't be sure

that his brother and the others were coming this way. Perhaps they had already left.

The missionaries should have all been out of the country many days ago. Merrill knew

their arguments. But he couldn't leave until he knew his brother was safe.

As his feet trod the worn planks, he remembered how lost he had felt as he watched his companion and the other elders follow Brother Dusseldorn to the waiting truck.

His eyes followed the truck as it disappeared on the road leading to the border. He

remembered also the relief he felt when the aged vehicle returned and from Brother

Dusseldorn's smile he knew that the elders were safe. At that time he didn't even

have a plan for letting Larry and the others know he was waiting for them, and they would expect him to have left with the other missionaries.

His mind had groped for some way to get a message on the train. The Nazi officers

who accompanied every car of each train would never let him on the train to search.

And even if they would, the train only stopped at this station for three minutes, and this wouldn't be enough time to search the five to seven cars of the train.

His troubled thoughts found the solution as he left his room and was on his way to the station the first morning.

He would whistle.

If he sang he would attract attention. Especially if the words were in English. But

he could whistle, and the guards wouldn't object. The next question was the

tune. "The Star Spangled Banner"? He dismissed this immediately. This would antagonize

the guards if they recognized it. He needed something which would be connected

with the Church instantly if the fellows were to get the message quickly enough to get off the train.

A hymn? "Utah, We Love Thee"? No, he wasn't even sure Larry would recognize that.

"Do What Is Right"? No. "O My Father"? That was too slow, and didn't have enough lilt.

Of course. He wondered why he hadn't thought of it immediately. "Come, Come, Ye Saints."

So, with his bag in the back of the truck and an hour or two of sleep between trains, he had kept the vigil. As each train ground to a stop, he quickly paced the length of the train

whistling the hymn as loudly as his lungs could expel the air. It was summer, so the windows

of the train were open, and he tried to make the notes of the hymn penetrate to the far side of each car.

Between trains Sister Dusseldorn brought him slices of brown bread and an occasional slice of cheese.

The lack of an adequate diet and the brief snatches of sleep were ( Continued on page 346

-tii'

-]u

"#: i'lk,:

mJF, I

f air I*

esty is the best policy because honest people get better jobs, are looked up to and admired. TheUse Salesmanship Golden Rule is golden because it

gains friends, makes for personality, and is the basis of all courtesy. on Children Children want to be admired and reBY MABEL OTIS ROBISON spected, they want to be beautiful,

to have fine bodies, friends, and reEvery salesman knows that he must policy, that the Golden Rule is a sponsibility. Why not then present

first please and then convince if profitable one by which to live. the very results they are eager

he is to get results. This idea is Children need to be convinced to acquire by the theory that a

useful in child training. It is necesthat goodness pays since goodness salesman must please before he

sary to convince the child that goodgenerally produces healthier bodies, can convince?

ness pays, that honesty is the best better looks, and more pep. HonSome children do not receive real

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA loud. Parents need to watch their

voices also. So much can be gained

by putting a little merriment into the voice. A smiling voice gets a

smile in return along with cooperation. A sincere voice comes from

real sincerity.

A salesman does not sell unless he knows how to emphasize the favorable points of his product. With

parents it is the same, except a child is at stake. Every child has some

good point worth emphasizing. Improving the good points generally

upgrades the bad ones, bringing the whole personality into alignment.

Not every child can be an athlete or a musician or an artist. Thus no

child should be compared to another whose talent he does not possess.

Salesmen use the suggestion method a great deal of the time. This

consists of putting an idea into the customer's mind so that he accepts it as his own. This requires tact and

practice. It is often done by saying, "Don't you think this...?"

Ideas can be put into a child's mind in the same way, and he may still think he is the originator. Each

child likes to think he decides his own problems even though his mind has actually been directed by the parent.

Customers are always more open to suggestions if the salesman can make them feel important. The

same idea works with children. They

give their best when they feel their work is important. They like to have

their ideals and thoughts treated with respect. They like compliments.

If a child is slow, a compliment will often speed him up. Many naughty

acts are often just bids for approval, and interest can be the cornerstone which wins confidence. Parents can

use a child's pride to make him feel important. For instance, "Little

courtesy from their parents. Manners to be a part of the team, contributLeaguers,"sounds much more imwork both ways and should be a ing a distinct service to the family, portant than just a ball club. "Cappart of the family give and take so they also like to think of themselves tain of the Garbage,"makes emptying

that when company is coming no as personalities even though they the garbage an important chore, not parent has to say, "Be sure to mind have no words to express the idea. just a dirty job. Even the extremely

your manners."Can you imagine Too often parents include all the difficult child is that way because

yourself buying from a salesman children in one lump. They say, "The he wants attention.

who treated you rudely? No more kids did this,"or "The kids did that,"A good salesman approaches his

can you expect your children to when only one child may have been customers in a friendly manner. His

respond to rudeness from you. responsible. Parents should watch smile has a high money value. It is

They may respond outwardly, but each child's hobbies. They are wonquite amazing that parents who love

rebel inwardly. derful keys to personality. their children above everything else

Every person likes to think of himSalesmen are taught that they are often unfriendly towards the obself as having individual tastes and cannot influence others if their jects of their affection. They are apt

reactions. Although children want voices are monotonous, indistinct, or ( Continued on page 350

APRIL 1965 301 14:2540) and to Abraham. {Ibid., 13:1213; 15:9-12;

17:1-12.) Would the same also have been the case

with the children of Israel under Moses, had they been willing to receive it? (Exod. 34:1-2.)

These ancient patriarchs knew of Christ and worshiped the Father in his name. Since each of these

men had the gospel and practised the ordinances of it, it affirms that the plan of salvation is "standardized"and has been the same throughout the history of the world. Factual statements to this effect are not to be

found in the King James version.

In like manner, the Godgiven mission and responsibility of the prophets and patriarchs in bearing witnessxgvision of of Jesus Christ is substantially emphasized by the

Inspired Revision. One comes away from an examination of the text with a fuller appreciation of the close

and filial harmony existing between the Master and his servants than is ordinarily obtained from the text of the King James version alone.

MISSION OF JESUS CHRIST

Part Three: Messiah. The Inspired Revision emphatically deSome Textual Changes Relating claresso framedthat asJesusto callChristfrequentis theattentionMessiah.thatPassageshe was theare

to the Mission of Jesus Christ Only Begotten Son of God, born of a virgin, chosen and also the Prophets and sent into the world on a redemptive mission by appointment of the Father to bring to pass the resurrection and salvation of man, to return to the Father, and to come again in glory to stand as Judge at the

As one examines the pages of the Inspired Revision, last day. He is then to reign over his kingdom forever.

particularly the books of Genesis and the four Gospels, Jesus'antemortal Godhood is shown in the Inspired it becomes increasingly evident that there is considerRevision by his declaration to the Pharisees that "... I

able emphasis placed upon the inimitable powers and am he who gave the law."(Matt. 9:19.) It is further

perfect character of Jesus Christ and his redemptive illustrated by another statement to the Pharisees that mission to the earth. Most of these matters are re- "... the Son of Man made the Sabbath day, therefore

corded in the King James version, but they are given the Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath."(Mark

greater clarity and emphasis in the text of the Inspired 2:27.)

Revision. As evidence that Jesus was keenly aware of the

According to the Prophet's revision, a dispensation nature and purpose of his own great mission, we preof the gospel of Jesus Christ, with all the attendant sent the following passages given as Christ's testimony ordinances, was given to Adam, and to Enoch, and of himself:

again to Noah. Since this information is recorded in King James Version

the book of Moses as presented in the Pearl of Great Matt. 4:1920. And he saith unto them, Follow me,

Price, it is not discussed in detail in this report. and I will make you fishers of men.

From the Inspired Revision we learn that a disAnd they straightway left their nets, and followed pensation was also committed to Melchizedek (Gen. him.

Inspired Revision

Matt. 4:1819. And he said unto them, I am he of

whom it is written by the prophets; follow me, and I

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM will make you fishers of men.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And they, believing on his words, left their net, and "not the least among the princes of Judah,"as though straightway followed him. the city itself were a prince (Matt. 2:6), but the Inspired Translation says that in Bethlehem shall be

And also: "born a prince."Instead of being only a "Governor,"he

is "the Messiah,"with a mission not alone to "rule"

King James Version but to "save"Israel. (See Inspired Translation, ibid.,

Luke 14, between verses 33 and 34. 3:5-6.)

In the King James version it is recorded that Jesus

Inspired Revision went into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil,

Luke 14:3536. Then certain of them came to him, but the Inspired Translation says that his purpose

saying, Good Master, we have Moses and the prophets, was to commune and be with God. (Ibid., 4:1-2.) The

and whosoever shall live by them, shall he not have King James version says that Jesus was tempted forty life? days; the Inspired Translation records that "after"forty

And Jesus answered, saying, Ye know not Moses, days he was tempted. (Luke 4:2.) It is recorded in the

neither the prophets; for if ye had known them, ye King James version that the devil took Jesus to a

would have believed on me; for to this intent they pinnacle of the temple and also upon a high mountain.

were written. For I am sent that ye might have life. One might wonder at our Savior being so taken by

Jesus from twelve to thirty. Little is given in the

King James version about Jesus between the ages of twelve and thirty. It has therefore been supposed that

knowledge of these years was not available. The Inspired Translation, however, offers some information:

"And it came to pass that Jesus grew up with his brethren, and waxed strong, and waited upon the

Lord for the time of his ministry to come.

"And he served under his father, and he spake not as other men, neither could he be taught; for he

needed not that any man should teach him.

"And after many years, the hour of his ministry drew nigh."(Matt. 3:2426.)

While these words include Jesus'life earlier than twelve years, they also describe his activities until the beginning of his ministry. Although he "grew up"with

his brethren, he apparently presented few of the difficulties that children normally give to parents.

There would be no problem of teaching, disciplining, or controlling him, for he "needed not that any man should teach him."Certainly in his infancy he needed

parental care and affection, but it seems that inasmuch as he "needed not that any man should teach him,"he must quickly have learned while "he served under his father."He apparently knew what lay ahead for

him in life, since he "waited"for the time of his ministry to come.

Greatness of Jesus Christ. That Jesus had unique

status as a God among men and that he excelled all his earthly companions in knowledge, in power, in depth of understanding and spiritual insight, in a manner made possible only through divine powers, are matters of clearer definition in the Inspired Translation than in the King James version.

The King James version speaks of Bethlehem as

Young Jesus in the carpenter's shop becomes more alive as details of this part of his life are included in

APRIL 1965 the Inspired Revision.

r Inspired Revision 1heInspired E&)ision oftheBible Matt. 19:26. But Jesus beheld their thoughts, and

said unto them,,...

Further textual changes affirm that Jesus "knew all things"(John 2:24) and that the Spirit "dwelleth

in him, even the fulness."(Ibid., 3:34.)

The Inspired Translation further attests Jesus'greatness and presence of mind by stating that it was the disciples, rather than Jesus, who marveled upon occasion at the wondrous things that were done. Two

references will suffice:

Lucifer. The Inspired Translation (Matt. 4:5-9; Luke

4:5-9) assigns to the "Spirit"this honor of transporting King James Version

the Son of God. The devil followed but did not "take"Matt. 8:10. When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and

Jesus to these places. said to them that followed,...

Passages which in the King James version tend to detract from the perfect character of Jesus have been Inspired Revision changed, and many new passages have been added Matt. 8:9. And when they that followed him heard

to depict a personality not only surpassing any other this, they marvelled. And when Jesus heard this, he

being upon the earth, but illustrating perfection itself. said unto thern that followed,

Whereas the King James version intimates that

Jesus perceived the thoughts of his companions after King James Version some lapse of time, the Inspired Translation presents Mark 14:3233. And they came to a place which was

him as detecting their thoughts immediately. We note named Gethsemane: and he said to his disciples, Sit

the following: ye here, while I shall pray.

And he taketh with him Peter and James and John,

King James Version and began to be sore amazed, and to be very heavy;

Matt. 12:1415. Then the Pharisees went out, and

held a council against him, how they might destroy Inspired Revision him. Mark 14:3637. And they came to a place which was

But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from named Gethsemane, which was a garden; and the

thence. disciples began to be sore amazed, and to be very

heavy, and to complain in their hearts, wondering if

Inspired Revision this be the Messiah.

Matt. 12:1213. Then the Pharisees went out and And Jesus knowing their hearts, said to his disciples,

held a council against him, how they might destroy Sit ye here, while I shall pray.

him.

But Jesus knew when they took counsel, and he An example of the great compassion of Jesus is withdrew himself from thence. shown in the following passage:

King James Version King James Version

Mark 8:1617. And they reasoned among themselves, Mark 7:24. And from thence he arose, and went into

saying, It is because we have no bread. the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into an

And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them,... house, and would have no man know it: but he could

not be hid.

Inspired Revision Mark 8:1617. And they reasoned among themselves, Inspired Revision

saying, He hath said this because we have no bread. Mark 7:2223. And from thence he arose, and went

And when they said this among themselves, Jesus into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into knew it, and he said unto them,... a house, and would that no man should come unto

him.

King James Version But he could not deny them; for he had compassion

Matt. 19:26. But Jesus beheld them, and said.... upon all men.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From the above passage we could assume that Jesus was physically weary with his travels that day and also from the natural strain that attended the ministry. He

too, as other men, required food, drink, and rest. There

is great difference between the thought given in the

King James version that Jesus wished to withdraw but in spite of his efforts the multitudes sought him out and the concept expressed by the Inspired Translation that although his physical desires and needs were for rest and seclusion at the moment, yet his unlimited compassion for others overshadowed any desires for self and he "could not deny them,"even to his own personal disadvantage.

Each of these textual changes creates a fuller concept of Jesus'personality and power than is sometimes portrayed by passages in the King James version.

THE MISSION AND WORK OF THE PROPHETS The Inspired Version gives greater expression to the work of the prophets and their relationship to the

Lord Jesus Christ than does the King James version.

Many textual changes attach increased importance to the prophets'labors and attribute a wider range of subject matter to their writings.

Mission of the prophets. That a true prophet's work

is to testify of Christ is most plainly taught in the

Inspired Version, as also the stipulation that failure to so testify disqualifies one from being included as a member of that select group. Indeed, Jesus labels as

"thieves and robbers"all who pretended to be true shepherds of the flock, but who "testified not of"him.

John the Baptist's mission to prepare the way for

Christ and the excellence of John's work of bearing testimony are repeatedly emphasized in the Inspired

Version. We quote from two such instances:

First, from the words of John's preaching to the

Pharisees: King James Version Matt. 3, between verses 7 and 8.

Inspired Revision

Matt. 3:34. Why is it that ye receive not the preaching of him whom God hath sent? If ye receive not this

in your hearts, ye receive not me; and if ye receive

not me, ye receive not him of whom I am sent to bear record; and for your sins ye have no cloak.

Later, Jesus said to the Pharisees:

King James Version Matt. 21:32. For John came unto you in the way of

righteousness, and ye believed him not: but the publicans and the harlots (Continued on page 352)

Jesus at twelve taught in the temple.

The Inspired Revision adds a few more details concerning the early life ao5 of the Savior.

Each day as the years went by, this young man came to the palace. Each day he told the

little boy a story. The child did become wise

and righteous.

":.-. - Wis

A SPOONFUL OF SUGAR / PART 2:jOL

-<E \

Wr I

BY DARYL V. HOOLE

The story is told of a great king and queen who scientious parents are constantly alert to story ideas lived long, long ago. One day a little prince was born from other sources, too, which can meet various needs

to them, and the king gave a special feast and invited with their children and help these children grow up all the people of his kingdom to come so that they to be wise and righteous.

might rejoice together.

The great and wealthy men brought costly gifts to Build Character the little babe, with the exception of one young and very wise man. He came emptyhanded. However, he An edifying story can help to build children's characsaid to the king, "Your son has received many costly ters and make them better people. Strength in overgifts. I will give him something more precious than coming weaknesses and faults can be gained through

jewels and gold. Each day as he grows, I will tell him stories, as you can see in this one adapted from the

a story that will make him wise and righteous."one my grandmother told us as children:

Each day as the years went by, this man came to the palace. Each day he told the little boy a story. The GERTIE THE GRUMBLER

child did become wise and righteous because what he learned through the stories helped determine the Gertie was a lovely little girl who had pretty dark kind of man he became. curls and blue eyes. She was learning to play the piano

We parents have a gift to give our children which well, and she was a good student at school. Gertie was

is more precious than jewels and gold. The greatest lovely, except for one terrible habit. She was a groaner

gift that we can give them is that of teaching them and complainer. No matter what happened or what

how to live, teaching them to love and obey the Lord, she did, there was always some reason why Gertie and instilling in their hearts a testimony of the gospel couldn't be happy or pleased. It seemed to her family

of Jesus Christ. that she grumbled constantly. That's why her mother

A retold story is often much more effective in inand father and older brother called her Gertie the fluencing children (grownups, too, for that matter) Grumbler.

than generalizing, preaching, or lecturing. The greatThe time came that Gertie was to turn nine years

est teacher of all, Jesus Christ, taught his people old. In an attempt to make Gertie happy, her mother

through stories, using the terminology and illustrations had told her she could have a birthday party. It was

which were familiar to them. These parables are classic Gertie's privilege to invite just as many friends as

examples of excellent teaching. she wanted. She also chose the games and activities,

Good stories welltold are a vital part of successful the flavor of ice cream, and the decorations for the

Family Home Evenings. In many cases they offer cake. Her parents even let her select a new dress to

just the "spoonful of sugar"we parents need to help wear to the party. Everything was done to please

the "medicine"go down. Stories are long remembered Gertie and to make her happy.

and can be very stimulating and motivating. Gertie's young friends had a delightful time at the

We mentioned in the first article of this series that party. It had been a grand success—at least so Gertie's

a story to be meaningful must not only be fascinating, parents thought. But when it was all over, Gertie

but it should be made applicable in the life of young wasn't happy. She was sorry she had invited Ann.

persons. A correlation between the story and their If she had invited Betty instead, Betty might have

lives should be drawn. They should clearly understand given her the pen and pencil set. Ann's gift was a book

what this has to do with them today. she had already read. Gertie complained so about her

The many choice, welldeveloped stories in the own decision of having chosen to take her friends to church Family Home Evening Manual offer a wonthe zoo instead of a show. How she wished they had

derful aid to us in teaching our children. Wise, congone to the matinee instead. (Continued on page 320)

APRIL 1965 307 SINCE Part 3 Secrecy in the CUMORAHNEW VOICES FROM THE DUST Primitive

Church BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION.

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY A Serious Loss: turbing thing that the world could Gnostic writings are patently fraudWhen Eusebius, early in the not stomach: "Early Christian litulent, they nonetheless preserve a

fourth century, set his hand to the erature had no predecessors and good deal of valuable material. The

work which was to earn him the no successors, but appears as a sifting of the wheat from the chaff title "The Father of Church Hiscompletely alien intrusion into the in the Gnostic writings is a process tory,"he was appalled at the dearth Classical tradition, an incongruthat may go on for years to come. 8

of materials available to work with. ous and unwelcome interruption, In the third phase of displaceHe found himself, so he says, walkan indigestible lump which, howment, caution was thrown to the

ing an untrodden path in an empty ever, disappears as suddenly as it winds as Christian writers adopted desert; the voices of the ancient came, leaving the Schoolmen to rethe principle that any story that

Church came to him, as he puts it, sume operations as if nothing had was edifying, whether true or not, feebly and fitfully over a vast happened."4 By the time "classical"could be safely treated as if it were

empty gulf. 1 A century earlier when Christian literature of the Schooltrue. Pseudoacts and pseudogospels

Origen, the greatest theologian of men was just beginning, all the were massproduced sby borrowing the church, sought to present a forms of the original old Christian freely from popular pagan myths clear and unequivocal explanation literature, according to Overbeck, and legends, while the earlier of the first principles of the gospel had ceased to exist. 5 Apocrypha were supplanted by

to his perplexed and wrangling The transition took place roughly new and sensational miracletales. 9

generation, he had to confess that in three steps. Our synoptic GosAt every step of the develophe could discover no authoritative pels are a product of the first of ment, the process was the same,

statement of any of those principles these steps. The fact that there are namely the elimination of certain

in the literature of the church. 2 three Gospels instead of one and elements followed by the introducFrom such sad cases it would apthat each of these is full of variant tion of others to take their place.

pear that the early Church either readings in the earliest texts shows The impoverishment of the early kept no records or else that they that we have here not the original heritage was quickly corrected by were lost. Today we know what New Testament but the results of the process of "enriching"the rehappened: The early literature of "altering, eliminating... expandmainder through a transfusion of

the Church was entirely lost and ing"of earlier texts. 6 Until the new but very different material,

in its place another literature was middle of the fourth century other which from then on was represubstituted. As a result of recent gospels, such as those of the Hesented as the old original Christian

discoveries, the student is now conbrews and Egyptians, were acheritage but was in reality what fronted with two quite distinct cepted by the churches on an equal Schneemelcher calls "a literary corpora of early Christian teachfooting with those writings which fiction in the service of propaing. Just as pilgrims to the Holy later became canonical; that is to ganda."10 One is reminded of the

Land have for many generations say, our synoptic Gospels have beenterprise which removes certain accepted Ommiad and Norman hind them a still older Christian vitamins from flour by one process buildings and sixteenth century background literature which beand replaces them by another; only

Turkish walls and gates as the came lost, but today is being redisin this case instead of the original authentic settings of biblical hiscovered. 7 value being restored, something

tory, since the originals had long The second step away from the very different was substituted in since ceased to exist, so the Chrisoriginal Christian literature was its place, so that Christian literatian world as a whole has long acthe systematic corruption of the ture from the third century on can cepted as the voice of the original record by the socalled Gnostics. rightly be designated as an

Church, documents which have These people made a practice of "Ersatz."10

nothing to do with that Church, but claiming to be the unique and In the second century, Clement are later substitutes for a literature secret possessors of the earliest of Alexandria commented on the that disappeared at an early date. Christian writings. To make good ways in which teachings of the

"The original literature,"writes their claims, they did not hesitate early Church unavoidably and inSchneemelcher, "was supplanted to practise forgery, and they borevitably became lost. First of all,

[abgelost] by another literature rowed freely from any available he says, things were lost through very strongly influenced by the source. Available sources included failure to write them down. Clemnon-Christian environment."3 some genuine old Christian writent is aware, as Eusebius is, that

Why so? Because the original ings along with all the other stuff, the ancient Apostles didn't need to

literature was a strange and disand so it happens that while the write everything down because "the

Archaeological sites like this are yielding an insight into the beliefs and practices of the early Christian 309 Church. formation? As soon as one sincerely

sought and asked for it. When the

Lord warned the Disciples against giving their treasures to those who, Today we know what like domestic animals, would not happened: the early literature whatknow tohowdo withto appreciatethem, he themimmedior

ately added instructions as to who should receive, namely, "every one of the Church was entirely lost that asketh."(Matt. 7:6-8.) A more

and in its place another literature magnanimousimagined, givingpolicyfreelycouldto allnotwhobe ask and withholding only from those who do not want holy things was substituted and would accordingly be harmed by them.

The policy is familiar from the early Jewish writings as well. The

blessed men of old possessed a anything—for that would not be socalled Manual of Discipline

marvelous power,"but, signifiright—but simply that I am afraid warns the faithful: "Do not give

cantly enough, this power is no they might fall into the wrong these things to the Children of the longer had in the church, and so hands and lead people into further Pit, because they do not study what is not written is lost. Tradierror: it would be as the proverb them, neither do they seek them."14

tion preserves such things for a has it, like giving a sword to a There is no snobbishness here:

time, but not indefinitely: "... baby,'that is, we might well be Israel has lost the secret things, the

things there are which though not guilty of inciting them."13 Dead Sea Scrolls repeatedly obnoted down still remained for a serve, because Israel has fallen

while, but they are now being lost. The Policy of Reticence: away and lost interest in them.

Some of these things are now comLikewise, these things are secrets pletely extinguished, having faded This last remark of Clement kept from the world simply because away in the mind from sheer brings us to what is perhaps the the world will not receive them.

neglect and lack of exercise."most important factor in explaining Neither the early sectarians nor the

But even things which are writthe gaps and silences in the early Christians wanted or expected high ten down and carefully transmitted Christian record, a thing that has and holy things to become the get lost, "for they undergo a probeen constantly ignored or miniproperty of a humanity that recess of constant change,"and have mized by students, namely the demained recalcitrant and unregento be continually interpreted. Inliberate policy of reticence and erate. "The belief in secret lore

terpreted by whom? "Either by the secrecy that meets us at every step entrusted only to the few initione who wrote the Scripture,"says in the study of ancient Christian ated was persistently maintained

Clement, "or by another who has documents. The word "secrecy"throughout the centuries,"accordfollowed in his footsteps."11 But has connotations which can be mising to Kohler. 15 The Scrolls conwhere do we find such a one? leading here. There is nothing stantly speak of the knowledge

Clement notes that there are things whatever in the secret teachings of possessed by the Saints as "the in his own writings which different the early Christians which seeks to secret counsel"or "the secret plan readers are bound to interpret in beguile or mystify, nor is there the of God"kept secret because only different ways, making him say hushhush and topsecret mentality faithful Israel was worthy or able things he never intended—and there of the later Gnostics. to receive it, and in the Scrolls

is nothing he can do about it! 12 On the contrary, the rationing of faithful Israel is but a small remAccordingly, Clement himself ininformation by and among the early nant. 16 It has long been known that

tends to play safe in high and holy Saints was in accordance with a the terms Nazorene, Zaddikim matters by simply refusing to write clearly stated policy by which no (also Zadokites, sons of Zadok), what he knows, "fearing to write one was to be denied any teaching and Hasidim all refer to "those who down the things I have kept myself which he was ready to receive. And keep the secret"or "those who abide

from speaking; not that I begrudge when was one ready to receive inby the covenant,"the two concepts

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tj. being virtually identical. 17 "Hearing ye shall hear, and shall

A few wellknown quotations not understand;"

from the New Testament should be "... I... could not speak unto

enough to establish the reality of you as unto spiritual,... I have fed

reticence as an essential principle you with milk, and not with meat;

of the gospel teaching. Consider

such phrases as the following: "... unspeakable words, which

"... it is given unto you to know it is not lawful for a man to utter."

the mysteries of the kingdom of "... by revelation he made

heaven, but to them it is not given."known unto me the mystery;...

"... they have ears to hear, and Which in other ages was not made

hear not:..."known...."

"... as they did not like to retain "... the mystery which hath been

God in their knowledge, God gave hid from ages and from generathem over to a reprobate mind,..."tions, but now is made manifest to

( Italics added. his saints:"

"All men cannot receive this say- "... many things... hard to be

ing, save they to whom it is given."uttered, seeing ye are dull of hear-

"... he taught them many things ing."Volume from the

by parables,... as they were able "... many things... I would not NagHamadiis believed to belibrary.as old Bookas

to hear it."write with paper and ink; but I some of the scrolls recently

"And they understood none of... come unto you and speak face discovered.

these things: and this saying was to face,..."

hid from them,..."In each of these sayings (and

"If I tell you, ye will not believe:"there are many others) it is ap-

"If I have told you earthly things, parent that something is being and ye believe not, how shall ye bewithheld, and it is also apparent lieve, if I tell you of heavenly that it is being held back not arbithings?"trarily but for a good reason,

"This is an hard saying; who can namely, that people are not ready

hear it?... Doth this offend you?"to receive it. It is also apparent

"Why do ye not understand my that people are to be given knowlspeech? even because ye cannot edge as they are able to receive it,

hear my word."so that the mysteries of the king-

"My sheep hear my voice,..."dom are imparted by degrees.

"I have yet many things to say There are, as it were, automatic unto you, but ye cannot bear them safeguards built into the teaching now."to protect sacred things from com-

"... we cannot tell what he mon misunderstanding and to prosaith."tect the unworthy from damaging

"... the time cometh, when I themselves with them. God, accordshall no more speak unto you in ing to Justin Martyr, has hidden

proverbs, but I shall shew you the truth from the smartest doctors plainly of the Father."of the Jews whose own warped

"... the light shineth in darkness; minds render them incapable of

and the darkness comprehended it grasping it. 18 When John the Bapnot."tist was hailed before the Jewish

"... as yet they knew not the doctors, according to Josephus, he

scripture,..."told them: "I will not reveal to you

He appeared "not to all the peothe secret that is among you, beple, but unto witnesses chosen..."cause you have not desired it."19

"... they... were forbidden of (Italics added.) One receives as

the Holy Ghost to preach the word one is able to receive.

in Asia,"( Continued on page 326

APRIL 1965 311 question: Our John Walker Family

Organization is in need of some suggestions and advice. Our pioneer ancestors joined the

Church in its earliest days and were active in genealogy and temple work. Now the descendants of John Walker

number approximately 4,000 and are widely scattered. As a

result the functions of the organization have become bogged down.

What can we do to revitalize our family organization, arouse more enthusiasm among the members, and awaken interest in a progressive research program?

How important is it for a family to keep current statistics of its membership?

answer: The family is the indispensable unit for When your John Walker and Lydia Holmes Family

celestial exaltation. It has been made abundantly clear Organization was formed, it was to carry on the work

that through our own family, the families of our deand responsibility of this pioneer couple as though scendants, and the families of our progenitors will they were still living upon the earth. Their ultimate

come our opportunity for eternal life and eternal hapobjective is to have all their posterity connected with piness. Perfection can only be obtained by linking up them by sealing, and they in turn are to be connected

in bonds of sealing a patriarchal union of this whole by sealing with the families of all their progenitors, chain of family groups. making "a whole and complete and perfect union."

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ER* There are six primary purposes Joseph Smith and later, Heber C. Kimball.

for holding meetings of Jane married Lot Smith and William Jennings. The

a family organization: posterity of these various marriages now constitutes

1. To increase a veritable host. And all of them are derived from

family fellowship, the forefathers of John Walker and Lydia Holmes.

solidarity, mutual love, A quick investigation of sources in the archives, friendship, admiration, index bureau, and library reveals six pages of their and the enjoyprogenitors, and undoubtedly more have been and ment of associating can be traced. The family is responsible to be sealed

one with another. to all these progenitors and to preserve records to

Since these prove that this has been done.

endearing family 4. We are commanded of the Lord to "... seek

relationships diligently to turn the hearts of the children to their are destined fathers,..."(D&C 98:16.) This can be done by the

to be eternal, we family teaching its members of the noble lives, aspirashould cultivate tions, sacrifices, and triumphs of these fathers and them wisely mothers of the past. Included among the forefathers

and happily now. of your family are two, Francis Cooke and Stephen

2. To keep Hopkins, who came on the Mayflower. The story of

upto-date the that great event could be told at your next family record of all the reunion. Some were early settlers at Plymouth, Massafamily groups chusetts, and others were among the founders of New

descended from John England. Here is ample opportunity to impress young

Walker and Lydia and old alike with their pioneering hardships—the

Holmes. This should perils on the frontier from hostile Indians and enemy

include a complete war parties, the hunger, the exposure, the deaths—as

and correct family they migrated to new homes. No annual family meetgroup sheet for each ing need be dull or monotonous if such opportunities

family, but much more. are utilized.

There should also be pic- 5. To secure cooperation of all family members in

tures of individuals and famiavoiding unnecessary duplication in genealogical re- s, portraits of persons showing search and temple work. There should be an appointed

i at different ages; stories and and recognized and qualified family genealogist, with

biographies, including notable events assistants chosen to work under his direction and such as missions, military service, educasupervision and share the burden and joy of finding tional attainments; civic, community, and new ancestors. The genealogist should register the

church positions held, family outings and family lines with the Pedigree Referral Service at the travels; family Sealing appointments at the temple. Genealogical Society. In undertaking new research on

A large family such as yours should take immediate a line, a preresearch check should be made at the steps to compile and have published—or have microarchives to ascertain what others may have alreadyV filmed for preservation and public use at the Geneadone.

logical Library—a complete and appealing record of 6. To unite the financial resources of all the family

all the descendants of this family. Individuals reprein order to provide needed funds to carry on research

senting each of the eight main divisions of the John for more progenitors, which often entails considerable

Walker family should be appointed to gather all this expense. In unity there is strength. What would be

material and others to assist in typing out the data burdensome to one individual or family can be easily and in mounting the pictures. Such a published record borne by many contributing smaller amounts as they

can be a great unifying force in the family. can. Some families are very well organized in this

3. To compile an accurate record of all the forerespect and always have ample funds on hand to confathers of John Walker and Lydia Holmes. We have tinue a vigorous research campaign.

before us a record of their own family of ten children. In these ways we feel that you can have an effective

These children intermarried into prominent pioneer family organization to carry on the desires of the church families—the Farrs, Binghams, Fullers, Jencouple for whom your family is named, John Walker

nings, Pierces, Pauls, etc. One daughter, Lucy, married and Lydia Holmes.

APRIL 1965 313 like supplies, cattle reads founding back included of towns 300 which Hunt by Mormons to buyThebiblical horses. Salt genealogies. too, 150 Bernardino intended, as and Nauvoo, Illinois, begot San was

Lake City, and Salt Lake City begot San Bernardino, a settlement for converts from Great Britain, who were

California. It is intriguing to probe how Mormons to be brought across by ship to the Isthmus of Panama

remained so animated with missionary zeal that, soon and up to San Diego. Hence came about the historic

after fleeing from Illinois to Utah, they began colonizhegira of 1851. Plans were made to send twentyfive

ing anew to the south and west. Whence came the men, but so many had heard of the project that some

inspiration for the creation of the San Bernardino 500 gathered for the journey.

settiement so many weary weeks of travel from Salt Beginning at the present site of Payson, Utah, on

Lake City? March 22, 1851, the 500 migrants entered Cajon Pass

Captain Jefferson Hunt, a member of the Mormon and camped at Sycamore Grove about the middle of

Battalion, which marched from Council Bluffs to June. Negotiations were made with the Lugo brothers

Fort Leavenworth and on to San Diego and Los to buy their San Bernardino Bancho for $77,500. HavAngeles in 184647, played a major role in the San ing little ready cash, the Mormons sent a committee to

Bernardino saga. Twelve days after the big 1847 San Francisco to secure enough for the first payment.

Fourthof-July celebration on Los Angeles'Fort Moore Returning with what they had raised, they were met

Hill, Captain Hunt was honorably discharged. He had at San Pedro by Sheldon Stoddard, behind whose mule

been scouting around the farflung Lugo ranches, team they finished their journey to the camp. They

which he thought were an ideal site for a Mormon were delayed by the sudden illness of a mule, and colony. Stoddard claimed that the delay saved them from

He went to Salt Lake City to tell Brigham Young losing the money to robbers who grew tired of waiting about it. Impressed, President Young sent Captain and left their hiding place before the Mormons arrived.

When Mormons Settled

BY AUBREY B. HAINESSan Bernardino

II jJUi&Ww

The purchase was completed February 27, 1852. by the fall of 1852 they were operating two threshing

So eager were the new settlers to begin work that machines they had made themselves. In September

they planted crops before the deed had been given. they held a "Harvest Home"feast to praise God for

Thirteen hundred acres north of San Bernardino, their first crops.

reaching to the mountains, were planted in wheat. The More people joined the colony, built additional

soil was rich and water abundant. A bountiful crop mills and equipment, and brought new land under

resulted. As the work had been done by the colony in cultivation. In 1853 they completed a canal to bring

common, onetenth was given to the Church. Each water from the mountains and also built roads.

family was provided for, and the remaining wheat was Generally the Indians were friendly, although some sold for four dollars a bushel at the mill in Puente or made raids, driving off stock that belonged to the was ground into flour and sold in Los Angeles for colonists. In the fall of 1851 word came from Los

$32 a barrel. Angeles of an Indian attack at Warner's Ranch in

So successful was the colony financially that during which at least one white had been killed. Rumor

the short years of their stay in the valley, the people claimed that southern California Indians had united practically paid off their debt. Soon adobe and log to attack all points from Santa Barbara to San Bernarhouses were built. dino simultaneously. This stirred the Mormons, who

The spring after their arrival the Mormons erected kept a guard at night and called a meeting to formulate a "bowery,"or pavilion, sixty by one hundred thirty plans for defense. They rounded up stock and sent to

feet in which they held their meetings. At the first conRancho del Chino for arms and ammunition. Captain

ference eightyone persons were baptized. During the Hunt became commander in chief of the two divisions

week the bowery was occupied by the day school of which they organized.

125 pupils. The people quickly built gristmills, and They decided to build a ( Continued following page)

vttiiit jp (K ''<r Off'

APRIL 1965 315 When Mormons Settledand basins were made in the insounded by an old Negro, Uncle

San Bernardino terior for reservoirs. Crief.

(Continued from preceding page) Building the fort posed certain The official bugler for the fort difficulties which were overcome, had a big tin horn, reputedly six fort to enclose eight acres, large and the fort was completed within feet long, which he blew to call enough to include all the families. three weeks; and about one hunthe settlers together. In his spare

Moving and building started imdred families and many unmarried time he tooted the horn for his own mediately. Log houses already conadults lived within its confines for amusement, but the settlers paid

structed were moved along the west more than a year. no attention unless they heard the

side to form a solid wall, which was Many of the men were accusappointed signals. They were often

finished with logs placed in blocktomed to using firearms; a number called together for practice, but

house fashion. Customary loopholes had their own muskets. Arms and never while the settlers lived in the

were made, with bastions at the ammunition arrived from Chino, fort did the Indians attack.

corners and indentured gateways where a small garrison of soldiers Feeling in time that the danger which allowed a cross fire. Water was stationed. They adopted a was past, the settlers abandoned

was brought in from Lytle Creek, system of signals, the alarm to be the fort and established a town.

The site, laid out in 1853, was a miniature Salt Lake City. The surveyor was H. G. Sherwood, who

HUMOR—THE MEASURE OF had,out SaltwithLakeElderCity.OrsonSan BernardinoPratt, laid

THE MIND waslarge,a milecontainingsquare. eightThe blocksacres, wereand

the streets were wide and bordered

RICHARD L. EVANS by an irrigation ditch. Mormon

names were given the streets, but "It takes courage to live,"said Jerome Fleishman, "—courage and strength these were changed after the Morand hope and humor."1 Certainly humor has relieved much pressure, mons left. Probably the first public

has saved many people, has served many purposes. "With the fearful building in the county was the

strain that is on me night and day,"said Abraham Lincoln, "if I did not council house, built to house the laugh I should die."2 "In my belief,"said Winston Churchill, "you cannot general offices. There was an ecdeal with the most serious things in the world, unless you also underclesiastical government as well as

stand the most amusing."3 But along with the saving wholesome side, a city organization. Amasa M.

there is also the inconsiderate, the perverted, and the overdone side. Lyman was president of the body

"Take heed of jesting,"said Thomas Fuller, "many have been ruined by of Mormons. The county officers

it—It is hard to jest, and not sometimes jeer too, which often sinks deeper selected at the first election served

than we had intended...."* "Everything is funny,"said Will Rogers, "as almost without exception until the

long as it is happening to somebody else."5 "... humor involves sentiment Mormons were recalled in late

and character.... and is always mingled with sensibility."6 In all humor 1857, when they left the county enwe should put ourselves in another person's place. Among the most mistirely free from debt.

guided and offensive kinds of humor is that which suggests unwholesome, The unusual prosperity attracted unsavory situations. Humor based on lowminded stories, on immorality, many persons not Mormons to the

on evil intent is a gross misuse of a great gift. Evil is bad enough when it colony, some of whom probably

appears on the serious side, but evil that seeks acceptance by working its were disappointed in their search way in with a laugh, by insinuating itself on the supposedly funny side, for gold. In 1854 the property was

is viciously deceitful. Lowminded humor is all the more insidious mortgaged by the elders for $35,000,

because it says, in a sense, that what is immoral is funny, what is filthy with interest at three percent a is funny. Whenever we fail to recognize the real face of evil, the real month. The mortgage was held by

nature of evil, and let it masquerade as something acceptable, whenever individuals in San Francisco. Saints

we accept what is evilminded as amusing, we have prostituted a great were sent out over the state and gift. Always we must distinguish between what is funny and what is among the miners, some of whom

merely filthy and never give the credentials of humor to what is lowwere Mormons, in an effort to inminded or immoral. Humor that cuts, humor that embarrasses, humor duce them to join the colony. Much

that hurts or that harms, humor based on indecent situations cannot in land was sold to them and $10 000 good conscience be considered acceptable. How wonderful to have a vas collected to help pay for the

sincere, sensitive, discriminating sense of humor, but how unfortunate ranch. By 1856 there had been conis a crude, exaggerated, insensitive, inconsiderate, or unsafe sense of siderable addition to the populahumor. What amuses, what a man laughs at, may be the measure of tion; many improvements had been

his mind. made; a school with a library had

been established; and many fruit

Jerome 2AbrahamP. Lincoln.Fleishman. trees and vineyards had been set

3Winston Churchill. out. Prosperity was apparent everydivine. English Fuller (160861), Thomas

Illiterate Digest, 131. where. 3Will Rogers, p. The

"Henry Giles (180982), American divine. In 1857 difficulties between the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Mormons and the United States

Broadcasting System, January 31, 1965. Copyright 1965. government came to a head. A

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA body of federal troops was sent to These Times form of the Taiping and Boxer reUtah under the command of Colo- (Continued from page 277) bellions, to be crushed by combined nel Albert Sidney Johnston to Western operations.

enforce federal laws. Everyone Yet the concept of Chinese rule

thought that war was imminent. Shanghai to the north and Hong by the "mandate of heaven"perNeeding reinforcements, Brigham Kong to the south about to repeat sisted. Chinese civilization rejected

Young called upon the faithful in China what it had done in India the Western idea of the "sovereign

Saints, regardless of their location after Bombay and Calcutta had equality"of the socalled "family or circumstances, to return to Salt been "acquired"? of nations."Only China ruled by

Lake City. The majority of the San The growing indignity of the the will of heaven. All other nations

Bernardino colony complied and nineteenth century Chinese knew should render homage to the king sold their property at great sacrifice. no bounds. Only civilized restraint, of kings.

One Saint exchanged his improved three thousand years of decentralIn the perspective of history, farm for a camping outfit with ized government in the provinces, there have been three continuing which to make the journey, and anand ineffective central military Chinese reactions to this encounter other sold a wellfurnished fourpower after Japan's crushing defeat with the West: (1) the Boxer uproom house for forty dollars, with a of China in the SinoJapanese War risings after the SinoJapanese War

buggy, cloak, and sack of sugar of 1895 prevented a general upof 1895, (2) the revolution of 1912, added. rising. But uprisings came in the "(3) the Red revolution of 1949.

Property that still belonged to the Church was put into the hands of Ebenezer Hanks, who previously 1 onethird interesthad bought in the WE CAN BE ALL THEREgrant, and it to was later a passed company. Provision was made by RICHARD I. EVANS greater withthose members means

for others of the colony unable to others people are talking to preoccupied seem the them, Many when and forprovide the journey. equipment

is split attention of obvious. the gracious considerate most and One men leftSome members were behind to of also, of acquaintance, at the busiest our one puts those and ease who forwait rewagons which would

is to his giving It attention. difficult talk to come call by them completeturn for them.

Southern California regretted the to people who are thinking two ways at once. This tendency has many

manifestations. are those, for example, There only give half attention who Saints.departure of the early The

in their offices, give half interview, attention those in an who only who excellent faculty anMormons had only give half attention when receiving instructions, those who only givefor conciliating with the Indians half to attention the living of life, those looking or study while who read industrious,and were peaceable at or entertainment. listening to This attention effective is hardly twowaycitizens, sincere in their and earnest

for all either purpose. of sat in Perhaps or in church us have classroom areligious convictions. drunkenNo for credit received and being present the thinking of really part us when rioting,ness, or thefts murders,

there. of wasn't getting There merely of by, is much the skimming muchwere found the among Mormons, surface, of too little earnest, the and concentrated of things doing in theyand if in engaged few any depth. "is "Concentration,"said secret of the Emerson, strength politics, inlawsuits.

They cultivated their land and in war, in trade, in short, in all management of human affairs."1 "If I have sciences,"any in the said Sir "it is improvement made Isaac Newton, thatproved small farms were profto owing patient attention than more to anything beside."2 "Few things initable a country previously devoted almost entirely to grazing. are impracticable in themselves: and it is for want of application rather

of than that means, fail of success."3 of men atten- "The power applyingTheir community prospered had

steady undissipated, to and a single object,"Chesterfield, said Lord God'sunder built had care. They a tion,"is of sure the a superior is genius."4 mark life intense, Competition sosubstantial their reunder town

it so much matters how we do it,gime. They had built roads; they so complex, so much to be done, and

had carried out irrigation projects; that we should learn to concentrate on learning, to concentrate on readand they had established post ing, to concentrate on doing, and not live in a half awareness, trying to hear things or see things two things two at the time. or do two same Weroutes to several surrounding towns.

all are for responsible gift life the of what with that we do has God is thrivBernardino San a Today given, splinter it dissipate and in and too different if we directions, many city of nearlying inhabit100,000 little achieve or less we would. than we otherwise To succeed we mustants. story of the city The and

direction have concentration. and part The thinking be of us mustcounty, however, begins the with

advent of the early Mormon colopresent. Said one eminent observer: "There is one thing we can do, and

it to the limit of their ability. Wenists. To them is due the developthe happiest people are those who do

all there."5ment of the modern agricultural can be completely present. We can be

resources of the valley and the subalph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life: Power.

stantial foundation of the city. It 2Sir Isa?c Newton (16421727) English scientist.

was a foundation well laid, for the 3Francois*Lord ChesterfieldDue de La(16941773)RochefoucauldEnglish(163080)orator andFrenchwit. courtier and moralist.

early Mormon settlers were good 5Mark Van Doren, "On Being All There,"This Week Magazine, December 7, 1952.

citizens, good neighbors, and good "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia workers. Broadcasting System, March 7, 1965. Copyright 1965.

APRIL 1965 317 The 1912 revolution threw out aided the Russian communist revority."This was proclaimed through

the Manchu dynasty, the imperial lution. Russia, an Asiatic land a long line of policy pronounceline since 1644. Dr. Sun Yatsen's power since 1689, with communism ments from John Hay's "opendoor"

hypothesis was that the Manchus as a tool, now split the central notes in 1899 to Pearl Harbor in and "foreign imperialists"were reChinese republican government. By 1941.

sponsible for the "temporary"weak1937 there were really three The USA went to war in 1941 to ness and suffering of China. So, governments vying for control of protect the "territorial integrity"of

he thought, throw out the Manchus, the former Celestial Empire: (1) China. Japan was defeated. Civil

proclaim the Chinese republic, and the Japanese, who held the north; war had continued in China since

let us deal successfully with the (2) Chiang Kaishek, who held a 1937. After 1945, despite our aid to

foreigners. doubtful seat in the south; and ( 3 Chiang Kaishek, the Red Chinese

The republic's fate was subjected the Red Chinese under Mao. won the civil war. China emerged

to World War I, which saw the American foreign policy towards from World War II as the strongest rise of Japan as one of the world's this "geographic expression"(as power in Asia. By 1949 Mao had

greatest powers and as virtual overChina had come to be called) was replaced the republic and the anlord of China. Also, World War I to maintain its "territorial integcient emperors, giving China under

Red rule its first effective military force and central government since 1842.

The mandate of heaven was now I THE SPOKEN "THERE ARE NO invertedModern astoolsthe ofmandatepropagandaof history.and

dictatorship aroused national unity. WORD a LITTLE THINGS"Measures were designed to deal

with the other element of Sun RICHARD L. EVANS Yatsen'simperialists.hypothesis,Ancient problemsthe foreignof

overpopulation and agrarian povIn speaking last week of the importance of beginning what should be erty were blamed on the West.

done, and not beginning what shouldn't be done, we closed with this comThe Korean War found the Red

I Barton: consider "Sometimes tremendous from Bruce what whenment in Chinese as victors emerging Asia

..."little said, "I things he tempted fromconsequences come am to over the States United the and

little of little things."things... there are has so 1 "Thethink power no Nations. United to This added Red

"that said F. noted,"axiom,often P. Edwards, it as an and been we accept Asiatic prestige. China's In 1954

possibility fail events."to of great the beginning, 2 Thisyet see, in each they successful partiin the were

focuses on the fact that everything, every life, is a composite of little tion of French Indochina. Comthings, small beginnings, and the ingredients that go into the making of munist North Viet Nam emerged,

any attitude, any action, any course of conduct are important beyond which now attempts to penetrate our ability to calculate. We hear of the salt that savors—a little thing—the ancient AnnameseChinese culof the yeast, the leaven that leavens the lump. In some substances the ture of South Viet Nam. There,

active agent is, by weight or by volume, seemingly insignificant but may communists and the ancient Chimake the difference between being or not being, even between life and nese Buddhism make local cause death. Rightness or wrongness has little or nothing to do with size. We against the West, a complicated

speak of petty larceny and grand larceny. The penalty differs, but the scramble. In the mix, more than

is fall little shallprinciple things, the despiseth that small same. "He by years of ancient 5,000 culChinese 3

little,"of Ecclesiasticus. the writer In writ read: wrote sacredand we is ture also element. an Treaties

"...... shall also shall say: there nevertheless, fear which and be many recognizing French predominance

. little sin; lie will justify in yea, a a little committingGod—he God in this date only area 1885. from

..."*will last stripes, shall at us beat saved. with and a few Perhaps.. be we that Since time Chinese no governso, perhaps not, but the disposition to do so is dangerous—for a little tends ment in power, according to Profesis It larger. trend,to the quality the the of tendency, character become sor Callis (China: Confucian and

is it lie will of falls,"that the tree as cause only said not concern—for "A HoltDryden, Communist, 1959

it it fall first will as leans."5 step, Gurney, "but "The JohnJoseph my "has itself truly reconciled to the

.. "is Voltaire,."said the restson of one on the depends which our loss of China's former tributary

".. ofdays."6 the Said faithful Master mankind: thou hast over a been states."Meantime, Red China has 7

..."I things, will ruler things. thee overfew suggests This make.many its asserted "ideological"superilittlethe of things in little sense. positive a importance of "The power ority, superficially as anyone famil-

... or to destroy]things life."8 [to build first lesson in the should be iar with history Chinese could

expect, over Russia.

JBruce Barton, quoted in New Dictionary of Thoughts.

2F. P. Edwards, idem. Asiatic and Chinese problems re-

"Apocrypha: Ecclesiasticus, xix, 1. quire more exacting knowledge.*2 Nephi 28:8.

3Joseph John Gurney (17881847), English Quaker. Such knowledge and an under-

I'Indiscret,6Voltaire, act i, scene 1.

TMatt. 25:21. standing of Chinese history are in

8Russell H. Conwell (18431925), American educator and author. short supply. This shortage consti-

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia tutes future opportunities for young

Broadcasting System, December 13, 1964. Copyright 1964. scholars in these times.

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOINQ

C 1964, Continental Oil Company

APRIL 1965 319 A Spoonful of Sugar such a grumbler and complainer? you a story."Soon thereafter the

(Continued from, page 307) Then Gertie saw it all. Her brother mother and sons were laughing towas merely treating her as she had gether. Later when the mother

She grumbled about the refreshtreated him and everyone else all went inside, the boys resumed their ments. Strawberry ice cream is so her life. Suddenly she realized what work without any thought of what

common; she should have chosen a terrible grumbler she had been. they had been quarreling about.

the peppermint, after all. Her new She had let the bad habit of comThis mother, now a grandmother,

dress didn't suit her, she said. She plaining and finding fault with took the time to create the happiwished she had taken the blue sailor things take over her life and spoil ness and harmony which were in

style rather than this one. her personality. her home. How magic the words:

That's how it always was. No The day her brother taught her "Let me tell you a story...."

matter what Gertie's family, friends, this valuable lesson marked the and teachers did to make her turning point in Gertie's life. From Meet a Need

happy, Gertie found a reason to that time on she looked for the It's a tremendously challenging grumble. It wasn't long before best in everything that happened. experience to raise a family, and

Gertie didn't have any friends. Her It was really hard at first. Grumparents are often perplexed by

teachers would shake their heads bling had become such a habit with problems and wonder just how to and say, "Gertie could be such a Gertie that she found herself handle them. Stories, either original

lovely, sweet girl if she just didn't grumbling without even realizing ones created by the parents or ones grumble so much."Gertie's parents it. Each time she caught herself gleaned from other sources, can

tried and tried to help her see this even thinking about it, she would frequently meet a need and help problem, but Gertie went right on try even harder to put a happy solve a family problem. Bad langrumbling. thought in her mind in its place. guage, telling falsehoods, taking

A few years later when Gertie It became her dream to become things which don't belong to one, was a teenager, her older brother known as Gertie the Gracious One unwillingness to work, sassiness, went away to school. Gertie loved or Gertie the Grateful One. And and untidiness are some of the typiher brother very much and decided before long she was! cal problems which appropriate

to prepare a special box to send stories can help correct. Following

him for his birthday. She spent days Move to Laughter or Tears is a sample story which we have

baking his favorite cookies and repeated many times in our home wrapping them to be mailed. She Stories can inspire and touch to help it become part of one of our

took the babysitting money she children emotionally and cause children's lives:

had earned the past few weeks and them to respond with more gratebought him a beautiful sport ful hearts, more generous natures, THREE IS A CROWD sweater—the kind he said he would and a rededication to things in life

like to have. There was even which are most precious and imCarol, Barbara, and Susan were

enough money left over to buy him portant. One of these is the wellthree little girls who lived on the

a pair of socks to match the sweater. known story of "The Little Match same block in the same neighborShe included a couple of magazines Girl."hood. They were the same age and

he liked to read as an extra surattended the same Sunday School prise. After the box was mailed, Create Good Feelings and and Primary classes. They were all

she could hardly wait to receive his Happiness in the second grade at school. They

thankyou letter. She waited and were lovely little girls, and everywaited, but no letter came. Not only are stories an effective one liked them. They had one difWhen her brother returned home teaching medium, but they can set ficult problem, however. For some

for Christmas vacation, Gertie the stage for better feelings and reason it is often very hard for asked first thing about the birthday happiness in families so that the three people to get along well. Two

box she had sent. "Oh,"he said, "I Spirit of the Lord can dwell in the children can be good friends and

got it all right, but by the time I home and so that lessons can be so can four children, but when shared the cookies with my roomtaught. three try to play together it seems

mates there weren't many left for A lovely young mother told me that one is often left out. One day

me. I wish the sweater had been about her grandmother who had Barbara and Susan would be very

green instead of blue. That's the eleven children and managed so friendly and leave Carol alone.

color all the fellows are wearing well that they grew up in a happy, Another day, Carol and Susan this season. And next time you send harmonious home. The young would play together and call out

me something, remember I like mother wondered what the secret rude, thoughtless things to Barbara.

stretch socks better than the ones was. She learned that it happened Sometimes Barbara would feel that

you bought. The dormitory lounge like this in grandmother's home: Carol was her very best friend and

is full of reading material if I One day the sons who were supinvite her to go sledding, leaving should ever have any time after posed to be sawing wood were Susan home with hurt feelings.

studying, so don't bother about quarreling. The mother was hurryThen there were times when all

magazines any more."ing to prepare a dinner for church three would do something together,

By this time Gertie was in tears. officials, but she stopped and went but after an hour or so, two of

How could her brother be so unout and sat on a block of wood near them would pair off and leave the grateful, so unappreciative of all where the boys were sawing and third little girl out of the fun and she had done? How could he be said the magic words: "Let me tell plans.

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHEN YOU DROP A SAMSONITE FOLDING CHAIR FROM I FOOT, OR 2 FEET, OR

3 FEET, OR 4 FEET, OR EVEN HIGHER... IT CAN TAKE IT, WHERE OTHERS CAN'T.

Samsonite withstands more leg shocks than 5 competitive brands.

Nationwide ConsumerTesting Institute proves it found generally superior in appearance, workmanwith this "Impact Drop"test. ship, strength and durability—and is certified by

quality Nationwide product."this a as does What AllSteel Samsonite's Fold- #2600

It for this: simply you? Samsonite's means ing Chair feet, mean of height to a 5 went

is construction with the and unmatched; combined with and dropped was no major

it best price available, delivery that and terms means legs. rear to the damage Samsonite

in gives Samsonite value the seating. you most group the of only was the 6 one major

brands tested that took this kind of punishment. Obviously, Samsonite can take this

kind of rough treatment. Or any kind of rough treatit Allment might to. be subjected of the other Samsonite ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS brands'legs bent were drops. 4 foot at 3 and For price and delivery information, see your YelThrough testing, low repeated Pages under or "Chairs to write one result was clear.—Folding"

Bros., Institutional Div., Dept. Seating toAccording is Shwayder Nationwide Testing, "Samsonite Denver IE45, Colo. 17,

APRIL 1965 321 Susan's mother observed all this was to work with Susan in handling someone else were not to be done.

and felt very sorry each time it was the problem in a mature way. Her mother explained to her that

Susan's turn to be "out."She wonShe helped Susan understand whatever she does in life comes

dered what to do. She knew that a that it is a very difficult thing for right back to her. If she said

social rule says "three is a crowd,"three little girls to be friends. Somenaughty things about Carol or

and there isn't much hope in changone is nearly always left out, and it Barbara, she could be certain they ing that. She realized that trying does not necessarily mean that that would say naughty things about

to force the girls to be friendly toparticular little girl is any less deher another day. This was a hard

ward each other all the time would sirable as a friend. Each one has lesson for Susan to master because

only create more problems. Using to take a turn at being alone. sevenyear-old girls are still learnforms of bribery to entice one of Susan learned that there were ing about things such as this. She

the girls to play with her daughter three things she should do. One slipped sometimes and did say

would be detrimental to everyone was that when it was her turn to some mean things, but then she concerned. It wouldn't be wise to be friends with either Barbara or would remember and try harder

complain to the other mothers; it's Carol, she should be careful not next time to "do untx> others as you

better that mothers not become into say things about the other one would be done by."

volved in children's neighborhood which could hurt her in any way. The second thing Susan could do

squabbles. The only thing to do Name calling and making fun of was to make herself an even more

delightful person to be around. She

could be sweeter and more gracious and thoughtful. She could be funloving and have suggestions and

AN OVERWEIGHT OF WORRY herideasto forexertgoodherselftimes.a little—putIt would helpherself forward—and plan special occasions and projects in which she

could include both girls. She should

RICHARD L. EVANS do more than her part to be a good

friend.

There are many who carry the weight and worries of the present reasonThe other thing to do was to deably well. But some carry the worries of the past so persistently that velop other friends, too, so that at

there is an overweight of worry. "We can easily manage, if we will only times when she was lonely she

take each day, the burden appointed for it,"said John Newton. "But the could invite a girl from another

load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterday's burden over again neighborhood to come and play.

to the before of the weighttoday, burden morrow and then add the we This to helped better Susan be a its it."1 well to each to bear hour andare required be equal We may friend for ideas and have more fun

opportunities and obligations, but not to carry with us the whole weight when it was her day to be friends of past, present, and future all at once. We have mentioned this in part with Barbara or Carol. Also, Susan

in talking of repentance, in urging that it not be postponed, that it be found that there are lovely little done sooner, that there is no wisdom in carrying such burden longer or girls everywhere, and she apprecilater. Some things we must put behind us, or the weight of them will ated the opportunity of having

drag us down. "In the morning,"said Marcus Aurelius"Antoninus, "let many friends.

this thought be present: 1 am rising to a man's work'2—not to a dull, Susan's mother explained that

accusing, unrepentant past, but to a day of doing what I should and can each year as the three girls became in to better,"live seeking better thando. cannot become "We it grownup, said more would be easier

clear inSocrates, agreeable conscience."having a "nor than more 3 And along. to get for them probThe

lie thatas to troubles: go as those that Those ahead and come may selfishness of have lems jealousy and "... live for enthusiastically,"gone. the futurealready wrote come and should years. the over disappear

Dr. Battista, "and bury everything about the past that will interfere with Susan learned to be thankful for

others."4 positive attitude friends,"yourself towarda and "Come, my this difficult, exbut beneficial, 5 ".. latesaid to seek a world."not too Tennyson. the newer. meet "Tis in perience learning to get along

little heart."'fear, a Future, with without manly and 1 "A moreshadowy others. better with

patience,"as Elbert Hubbard expressed it, "a little more charity for all, a little more devotion, a little more love... with more faith in our fellows, Inspire Faith

and the race will be ripe for a great burst of light and life."7 Thankfully, Stories—including experiences

fervently Henry Webster said: "There is a Future, O thank God!"8—and examples—can inspire faith,

future that can in part at least be free from the clutter and downdrag help children develop an underof that part of our lives which repentantly we should put in the past. standing of the gospel, and build

testimonies in their hearts.

ijohn Newton (17251807), English divine.

2Marcus Aurelius Antoninus (12180 BC), Roman emperor and philosopher.

"Socrates philosopher. Greek (469399 BC),

to A. Battista,4Dr. Orlando enjoy work and get more fun out of life."THE BALLOON RIDE "How

Tennyson, Ulysses.

"Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Hyperion, book iv. One day, many, many years ago,7Elhert author. American Hubbard (18591915),

sHenry de Lafayette Webster, Lorena. an oldfashioned country fair was

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia held. Families for miles around

Broadcasting System, January 10, 1965. Copyright 1965. visited the fair. The balloon ride

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy Carefree Convenience

"* lSw!ilUi*MiSSPWwWi '-**

hphUmsJhiL UNION PAC

Hf/re#? yon /rave/ t/n/on Pacific Domeliner

A vacation or business trip on any one of Union Pacific's fleet of Domeliners is as restful and relaxing as a leisurely ocean cruise. And now, while it's not crowded,

is the ideal time to travel. Through picture windows you'll see—at eye level—the

beauty of the Union Pacific West.

Money saving Family Fares apply to both Pullman and Coach travel. Food - both

snacks and delicious Domediner dinners—is freshly prepared... just for you. Baggage allowances are generous. And most of all, you'll travel carefree and carfree

without weather worries.

Your U.P. representative or travel agent can answer all your

questions about exact fares, routings and reservations.

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Challenger""City of San Francisco""City of Portland""City of Denver""City of St. Louis"

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD See your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket office

APRIL 1965 323 was the big attraction. Heavenly Father what she should She was almost to the ground! How

Jenny and her family were at the do. Soon she noticed a rope and thrilled and thankful she was.

fair, and Jenny was excitedly sitting felt impressed to pull it. As she She landed safely in a meadow

in the basket of the balloon, awaitdid so, some of the gas in the not far from the county fairing her family and other passenballoon was released, and the balgrounds. How happy everyone was

gers. Suddenly a gust of wind blew loon descended just a little. She to see her. How happy she was to

the balloon's rope out of the atpulled the rope again, and the balsee them! As she hugged her

tendant's hands. Up, up, up it went. loon went down a little more. She mother, she learned that her parents,

The people, river, houses, trees, and pulled it again and again, each too, had prayed. They were grateful

animals grew smaller and smaller time letting a little more of the to Heavenly Father, who had heard and smaller as Jenny watched from gas escape. She felt impressed to and answered their prayers.

the side of the basket. pull only a little bit at a time so How fortunate are families where

Jenny was terribly frightened! In that the balloon wouldn't go down parents know the truth and the

fact she was frantic! What should too fast. As she went lower and things which matter most in life.

she do? How high would the ballower, she looked over the edge of How blessed are families when

loon go?What was going to happen? the basket and saw the people, parents effectively communicate

Then she knew what to do. Jenny river, houses, trees, and animals this to their children. We have a

prayed about it. She asked her growing larger and larger again. divinely inspired program and materials with which to work. We who

have been given much must remember that much is required.

Let's take advantage of every optell stories portunity to children our

I THE help wise can them become THE "PRACTICAL"*i JOKE which SPOKEN righteous. incident and which An a WORD

appeared in an issue of ZCMIRROR, employees'publication of

RICHARD L. EVANS ZCMI department store in Salt

"Good humor,"said Stanislaus, "is the health of the soul... "% It is a Lakestand City,how willprecioushelp thisus toprivilegeunderwonderful lubricant in life, and devoutly we would hope to be spared is:

the starchy stiffness of having to live without sincere and sensitive The little boy's eyes fairly sparhumor. Humor is an evidence of freedom, and the less freedom there is, kled as he listened to the funny

the less humor there is likely to be. Without it the days would be dull talking teddy bear introduce himindeed. But anything can be overdone. Humor is no exception, and one self at the record center, and he

kind that is frequently overdone is the socalled practical joke—socalled laughed aloud as the bear conand miscalled, because nothing is less practical than that which might tinued to talk in his funny voice.

turn to misunderstanding, to embarrassment, and even to tragedy. The His parents smiled with ap-

"practical"joker sometimes seeks to stage something that will startle, proval, so the salesperson thought shock, or deceive. This often takes the form of feigning or * creating he might show them how clever

situations which frighten and confuse, which simulate serious situations; the toy really is. The teddy bear is

and then suddenly the deception is ended, and everyone is supposed to attached to a record player and has see the very funny side. But this, in some circumstances, has its hazards. a speaker inside so little folk can

If the impractical practical joker is too realistic, he may even find himself believe he really speaks to them.

the victim of his own humor—when others react as if the situation were There are six teddy bear albums,

real and serious instead of a supposedly humorous deception. We cannot and other records can b& played

always predict just how other people are going to think or feel or react on it, too.

or just how any deception is going to shape itself. Human emotions are The parents didn't seem to have

very complex, and what started as a joke, as something seemingly innomuch to say, but they appeared cent, may turn out to be deeply serious, with quite the opposite result to be pleased with the toy. The

from what was intended. And besides, there ought to be better ways mother then took a pad of paper

of spending time than consuming it in setting up a hoax or a deception, from her handbag and hurriedly is trivial, joke, result practical the fleetinga socalled at best of which and the a note to wrote salesman.

".. lie tragic. at worst, of should alwaysand the check under. humor so surprised—parents He wasn't

reason,"said Joseph Addison, "and... it requires the direction of the often have to be sly when they're

nicest judgment... so much the more as it indulges itself in the most doing their Christmas shopping

boundless freedoms."2 Anything can be overdone: seriousness, humor, all with the young ones along. But this

else. Good and clean and sincere and sensitive humor is a blessing, a is what the note said:

relaxer and a lubricant in life, but must be kept in balance, in bounds, "We want to get this teddy bear and on the safe side. "When we go too far it is seldom in the right for our little boy. It is really an

direction."3 answer to our prayers.... You see,

I are deaf andJLeszinski Stanislaus (16771766), King of Poland. my husband and2Joseph Addison (16721719), English essayist. unable to speak. Now he will be

3Arnold Glasgow, Freeport, Illinois. able to hear the bedtime stories

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia we've always wanted to tell him."

Broadcasting System, January 24, 1965. Copyright 1965. (Used by permission.)

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN '100PAYS WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are

excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting the first day

you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

hospitalization use sickness, of caused by or not do You smoke drinkTODAY! THIS DO

else narcotics. liquor or everything On Fill right application below out and mail for so pay premiums why fully low amazingly you're protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! mailed. begins at promptly Coverage noon in see dayEvery your newspaper you policy. deof date on effective Don't your 3. loss evidence for that benefits drinking and smokingmore Other lay. enter people Every almost 50,000 day life. of America's They'reshorten one now of accident 90 days within hospitals. protection get now. your Soleading health prime cause problems—a policy). in (as described pay $2000 We hospitaliof rates high the premium most for accidental death. cash cash $2000 Or

policies charge.zation foot, sight of for loss of hand, or one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

loss for Read of policy eye. carefully. cash overyour both minyour Ask $6000 one Or rates are based on your Our it. ister, doctor lawyer sure and examine Be feet. eyes, or hands, both both

it it exactly provides say what Then, towe health, superior at all satisare reason if for not you any 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just back mail policy us within invite close your 30 comparison We

will fied,days immediately and enrefund we your HospitalizaAmericannew Temperance other plan. with any tire asked. questions premium. can You No offertion unbelievably Plan can low you

. dollars risk gain thousands nothing...you of like is ours. other comActually, But norates drinkers accept because not do we

rates. save. See pare what you Also, rates. smokers, cause highand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD.Zone,.County..StateTAX FREEeven for life, Age.Date of Birth.

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height. -Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, except pregnancy, war or miliany act of belief, are of and best and you your knowledge all members To the tary service, accidents preexisting or disease? free Yes physical impairment, any or and from

or any of have best you No Qlistedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor the above member your knowledge, To

IMPORTANT: Cluck oW. Wtw oad incJMM ywr first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please stating person affected, cause, date, name and address premiwn with opplitoti**. Yes Q No

fully recovered, physician,p whether of attending and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 under and pays $280 $28 forNeithera policyI norbasedany personon the listedunderstandingabove usesthattobaccothe policyor alcoholicdoes notbeverages,cover conditionsand I herebyoriginatingapply

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions. 1964 pays $380 $38

Each adult 65100 pays $590 *59 ATIATDate:Mail this application with your tintSignedpremium:X to 2887

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Bex 131, LibertyviNe, Illinois

APRIL 1965 325 Since Cumorah it will be recalled, was the policy will be disclosed to you."28 When

(Continued from page 311) of John the Baptist in dealing with Clement later ventures a bit of the men who came out from the learned speculation about the

An interesting variation of this schools to heckle him and of Jesus anointing of Adam to be a high theme is the teaching that Jesus when the Schoolmen laid clever priest, Peter becomes angry and appears in different ways to differtraps for him. 24 Accordingly, when rebukes him "for thinking we can

ent people. Origen knows the docSimon Magus insists on discussing know everything before the proper

trine, but it is more fully developed the mysteries of godhead, Peter retime."29

in ancient Logia and the newly dismarks, "You seem to me not to A well attested Logion preserved covered Gospel of Philip, which know what a father and a God is: in the Clementine writings quotes

tells us that to angels Jesus appears but I could tell you both whence Peter as saying, "Let us remember as an angel but to men as a man, souls are, and when and how that the Lord commanded us saysince everyone "comprehends"only they were made; only it is not pering, 'Guard those secret things

what he is like. 20 Hence, another mitted to me now to disclose these [mysteria] which belong to me and

early writing reminds us, we can things to you."25 Peter explains that the sons of my house.'"30 A variation

to degree the onlyunderstand God of this, "keep ye who are my secret, 21 like are God.to which we often This kept quoted it!"was by by

is close to the teaching of the the church Fathers and is found in

Apostles, that the time shall come THANK GOD FOR APRIL the very early Odes of Solomon. 31

is, for as shall see he Godwhen we it, Lactantius on Commenting

BY SOLVEIG PAULSON RUSSELL 22 like to the him, and bewe shall a practice not make wrote, "We do of eternaldoctrine progression: As

Thank God for April of defending and discussing thisGod is, man may become. When the heart leaps high thing publicly, because, with the

To see the flush of springtime help of God, we quietly keep his

Techniques of Concealment: In an April sky,

To see green worlds reflected secret to ourselves in silence...

The earliest Christian Apocrypha, In the dancing drops of rain for it is proper to withhold and conespecially those dealing with the That pause before they scamper ceal the mystery with all possible

From the window pane. care—especially so for us who bearLord's teachings after the resurrection, are represented as exThank God for April the name of believers."32

tremely secret, but always with the When petticoats of gold We have cited the Clementine understanding that they are to be Flutter fragile loveliness Peter here as representative of all daffodils unfold, Where the early apocryphal teachings reall the pulsinggiven without hesitation to those And things of earth who really want them. Thus in an Are eagerly unfurled garding the secrecy and reticence

early text Peter explains his policy To add enchanting beauty of the preaching. "Nothing is hardin dealing with Simon Magus, who To God's good world. er,"he says to Clement, "than to

wants to discuss the mysteries with reason about the truth in the preshim: ence of a mixed multitude of people.

"It is important to have some... I try for the most part, by using

knowledge of the man... if he because of the wickedness of men, a certain circumlocution, to avoid

remains wrapped up and polluted "God has concealed his mind from publishing the chief knowledge in obvious sins, it is not proper for men,"and that the Christians are concerning the Supreme Divinity to me to speak to him at all of the under obligation "to honor with unworthy ears."33 This recalls the

more secret and sacred things of silence the very highest teachLord's admonitory introduction to divine knowledge, but rather to ings."26 teachings of particularly momenprotest and confront him, that he When the sincere investigator tous import: "Who hath ears to hear,

cease from sin, and cleanse his Clement asks Peter about the fate let him hear."34 "The Mysteries of

actions from vice. But if he insinuof his parents who never heard the the Faith,"says Clement of Alexates himself, and leads us on to gospel, Peter remarks, "Now, Clemandria, "are not to be disclosed inspeak what he, as long as he acts ent, you are forcing me to discuss discriminately to everyone, since

improperly, ought not to hear, it things we are not allowed to talk not all are ready to receive the will be our part to parry him about,"but offers to explain things truth."35

cautiously."23 "so far as it is allowed,"27 with the There is a sound pedalogical

Simon is to be told nothing until understanding that "with the passprinciple involved here: "The

he has learned repentance. This, ing of time the more secret things teaching of all doctrine,"says Peter

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - mti&mt eafymwmc& && new m jp Canyon875 Donner Way inCaestOak Hills

Just East of "This is the Place"Monument foJ oMt&edt tfMdofmedt Wmdefflmmm Q/$?MtfmmJ

x.ll the prestige and privacy of an

estate with the perfection of an elaborate custombuilt home, but with none of the cares and responsibilities of home ownership and maintenance—yours to enjoy in

the new Canyon Crest. Located just 10

minutes from downtown Salt Lake, the

Canyon Crest is being built in Salt Lake's new beautiful residential area—high on

the mountain side near Emigration Canyon with an unlimited panoramic view of the entire vallev.

See the scale model of Canyon Crest now on display at 2971 Kennedy Drive;

also the interesting building construcWill be ready in early 1966. Selection tion methods being used on the new

of your new home should be made now. high rise.

Introducing a New Era in Utah! The Canyon Crest proudly presents for the first time in Utah the Total

Energy Concept—in which natural gas supplies all energy requirements,

"TOTAL ENERGT including onsite generation of electricity as well as air conditioning, heating electrical service.

want you WITH andAnd wateryou canheating.use allLightning,the electricity,winds, andheatingstormsandcannotair conditioningaffect

NATURAL GAS! without affecting your low monthly operating charge.

Architects: Financing: Sawyer Investment Co.

Ashton, Brazier, Montmorency Western Savings & Loan Co.,

and Associates, A. I. A. Zion First National Bank P. O. Box 8174 Foothill Station

Salt Lake City, Utah

Please floor plan send me for 1 Q 2 Q INVESTMENT SAWYER CO home. apartment bedroom 3D 4

Robert D. Sawyer, President

Name

: P. O. Box 8174 Foothill Station Address

Telephone 4860074 City Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1965 327 in the Recognitions, "has a certain the same spirit Clement of AlexIn one Clementine writing, Clement order: there are some things which andria, as we have seen, refused is ordered by Peter "to hide this

must be delivered first, others in to commit certain things to writing revelation in a box, so that foolish the second place, and others in the because giving them to the churches men may not see it."44

third, and so on, everything in its of his day would be like giving a And in a Clementine epistle, order. If these things be delivered sword to a baby. Peter writes to James: "Please do

in their order they become plain; but Nearly all the earliest Christian not give over any of the writings I

if they be brought forward out of writings are addressed "to secret send to you to the Gentiles; transorder, they will seem to be spoken societies of initiates,"usually with mit them only to those who have

against reason."36 That is why he strict instructions that their circulabeen tried and proven:"specifically

rebuked the youthful Clement for tion be carefully limited. 42 Typical is they are to be given to "the seventywanting "to know everything ahead the newly found Apocryphon of two"just as Moses shared his reveof time."Elsewhere he explains that James, which begins: "Since you lations with a like number of

the Lord "has commanded us to have asked me to send you a secret elders. This is interesting because

go forth to preach, and to invite book of revelation, which was given Eusebius quotes an authentic stateyou to the supper of the heavenly to me and to Peter by the Lord, I ment of Clement, that the Lord king... and to give you your wedcannot refuse or be silent.... But after the resurrection gave the

ding garments, that is to say, the I... send it to you and to you Gnosis only to Peter, James, and

privilege of being baptized.... alone.... Take care not to let this John, who in turn passed it down to

you are to regard this as the first book of the Lord be communicated the Twelve and the Seventytwo.45

step of three, which step brings to many. The Savior did not want The circulation of early teachings

forth thirty commandments, as the it transmitted to all the Twelve."43 was further limited by the diffisecond step does sixty and the third culty of the idiom in which they

to shall explain hundred,one as we time."at another more fullyyou 37 ONLY A SECOND weretom notedoriginallylong written,ago. 46 Butas Chrysosto make

BY JAN GUDMUNDSON This reminds one of Paul's rationthings still more difficult, they ing of the teaching to the saints, 38 Seconds were often written in a special jarbut the three steps are significant. Can change life to death. gon, a "special language,"in fact,

Papias says that the Apostles taught Seconds which is now coming in for a good that the 30, 60, and 100 "are the Can change laughter to tears. deal of attention. 47 Persecuted

gradation and arrangement of Minutes minorities have a way of shutting those that are saved, and that they Can mean defeat. themselves in and developing a

advance through steps of this naMinutes secret idiom of their own to circumture,"referring definitely to three Can change the course of life. vent the watchful malice of their

degrees of glory. 39 The very early oppressors. 481 Some of the writings Hours

Testament of Our Lord Jesus Christ Can bring the fulfilment of a in the Dead Sea Scrolls, for exopens with the admonition that the dream. ample, "may be said, with some

document is to come into the hands Hours slight exaggeration, to have been "only of proven saints who dwell Can change day to night. written in code,"just as were such

in the third order (or level) next Days and months important Jewish Apocrypha as to the mansion of my Father who Can find a cure for disease. Daniel, Enoch, the Testament of

sent me."40 Days and months the Twelve Patriarchs, and the

Here we see the teachings raCan change a soul to look to God. Sibylline Oracles. 49 The important

tioned with respect not merely to Odes of Solomon have been deLife is made up of their editors scribedoutsiders within as "a but by one the Church hours, minutes, seconds, Of itself. cipher"! the cipher within of the beginning a 50 Indeed, At months, Days, and years

second century, Ignatius wrote to Which change and shape the original meaning of "Apocthe Saints at Tralles who had asked Existence. rypha"is secret writing—writing

him for a letter about the mysteries: These can change too holy to be divulged to a cynical

"I would like to write to you of For better or worse and unbelieving world: "An apocheavenly things (or of things more In tragedy or new life. ryphal book,"writes M. R. James,

full of mystery ), but I fear to do so, "was—originally—one too sacred

lest I should inflict injury on you These are so short in comparison and secret to be in every one's

To Eternity, yet, hands: it must be reserved for thewho are but babes... you would And

be strangled by such things."41 In These make Eternity! initiate, the inner circle of believ328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ers."51 The theory was that "all Cross. 50 The peculiarity consists loftiest humanitarian and moral

these things were hidden from ordinot in the invention of new words purpose, completely satisfying in nary mortals; they were known to but in the use of familiar words in itself. Yet it would now appear that

the great national heroes of the a new and unfamiliar context, "to no early Christian could possibly past, Enoch, Noah, Abraham, express a new category"of have missed the real significance

Moses, and others, having been rethings. 57 An exact parallel to this of the wine and oil that heal the

vealed to them by angels...."52 is the Latterday Saint adoption of wounded man as standing for the

A. D. Nock finds in the New such legal and specialized words as sacrament and the anointing that

Testament itself "writings by men testimony, endowment, sacrament, restore the ailing human soul to a of esoteric piety addressed only to conference, sealing, etc., in contexts healthy state, thanks to the intertheir spiritual brethren,"53 and which the outside world does not vention of the Lord, who is the

Riesenfeld now maintains that the understand. 58 Good Samaritan. 00

Gospel of John consists largely of The special interpretation which The newly discovered apocryphal

Jesus's "meditations"uttered conthe sectaries and the early Chriswritings, both Jewish and Chrisfidentially in the circle of his tians put on familiar words must tian, refer with surprising freApostles. 54 "When we open the not be confused with the later pracquency to the plan of salvation as

Septuagint and the New Testatice of allegorical interpretation, a hidden or buried treasure. They

ment,"writes Nock, "we find at Cullmann reminds us. John's writaccept the doctrine, as expressed by

once a strange vocabulary... the ings especially, he points out, are Lactantius, that "God has hidden

product of an enclosed world livfull of double meanings, but in the treasure of wisdom and of ing its own life, a ghetto culturally John this is no mere literary conceit truth,"so that the wise men of the and linguistically; they belong to but the conveying of information earth have never been able to find

a literature written entirely for the to those who have ears to hear. 59 it by their own efforts.61 Down

initiated."55 It is this which has A recent find illustrates this printhrough the ages God has opened

rendered "the strange world of the ciple by the bestknown of all parahis treasury to the faithful few who

New Testament"so "baffling"and bles, that of the Good Samaritan. have proven true, to the covenant

"exotic,"according to Professor To an outsider this is a story of the and permitted them to share the

Excellent Quality at an Unbelievably Low Price!

CONCORD F-85 TAPE RECORDER Wonderful for Missionaries, Home Nights and All

Family Outings and GetTogethers!

Plays and records music or voice anywhere. Fully transistorized—uses ordinary

flashlight batteries or AC adaptor (available at $9.95). Weighs only 2 lbs. Comes

with tape and dynamic microphone $ J 50

YOURS FOR ONLY 39 Nothing Down... Only $1 a Week!

Please send me the Concord F-85 Tape Recorder sale priced at only $39.50. I'll pay on easy terms.

NAME

WIFE'S NAME

ADDRESS

CITY & STATE Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 High'and Dr. EMPLOYED BY

Blvd. Ogden: 2443 Washington Provo: 161 W. Center St. CREDIT REFERENCE idaho Fall*: 446 Park Avenue

APRIL 1965 329 secret knowledge of his plans: "The

treasury of the holy King is flung open, and they who worthily partake of the good things therein do rest, and resting they shall reign."62

In the Recognitions, Peter explains that God has always concealed the kingdom, like a rich treasure, "yet he has caused the report of it, under various names and opinions, to be spread abroad through the successive generations, to the hearing of all."All men, that is, have at

some time or other received some inducement to take at least a preliminary step in the direction of searching for the gospel; all men

are accordingly under obligation to look further—none is without some

report of the treasure, no matter how distant, "... so that whoever

should be lovers of what is good, hearing the report, might be led to inquire."*"The parallel to Alma

32 is striking. It is Christ who

moves men to seek, according to

Peter, and it is to him directly that they should turn for guidance in

OFFERED FOR THE FIRST TIME IN S.L.C. their search, being moved "... not

from themselves, but from Him who has hidden it, so they should

LONG pray that the success and the way CARRIAGE ELECTRIC TYPEWRITER of knowledge might be given to them: which way is open only to

truth all the who love above 00 those $I2 of this good things world; and on

a month no other condition can anyone even begin to understand it...."64 Again

RENT IT the free and liberal access to all

FOR ONLY men, and again the foolproof built- $12 A MONTH in controls against those who do not

SMITHCORONA MODEL 215 (3 Month Apply) seek with pure intent. A famous

WITH YOUR CHOICE OF TYPE Logion of Jesus, now attested in the

Just Perfect for All Genealogy Work Gospel of Thomas, enjoins all to be diligent seekers: "Let not him who

seeks the Father until cease he ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO. finds him; having and found him,

CORNER SECOND SOUTH AT STATE - SALT LAKE CITY let him be amazed; and being 3284941 - Park at Grant's amazed he shall reign, and reigning

MAIL ORDERS ACCEPTED he shall rest."6(To be continued.)

FOOTNOTES usebius, Church History, I, 1.

2Origen, Peri Archon, I, 2, 4, 6-10.

BIND YOUR ERAS IN LOOSELEAF FORM WITH AN 3W. Schneemelcher, Neutestamentliche

IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER ONLY $2.50 Apokryphen4H. Nibley,(1959),in ChurchI, 33. History, 30

(1961), p. 13, following A. Norden. 1964 Indexes now available free with binder—Order from

The Improvement Era office, 79 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

330 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA 5F. Overbeck, Ueher die Anftinge der

patristischen Literatur (Basel, 1954), pp.

23f. "Schneemelcher, op. cit., I, 14, 32f, 43,

47.7 J- Leipoldt, in Religionsgeschichte des

Orients in der Zeit der Weltreligionen (Leiden: Brill, 1961), pp. 6-7.

sSee The Improvement Era, 68 (January 1965), pp. 35ff.

"Schneemelcher, op. cit., I, 51. Even

the older Apocrypha were "forced out by the new popular literature of edification."

Ibid., pp. 34f.

10Ibid., I, 14, 33, 51.

11A11 these quotes from Clement of

Alexandria, Stromatum, I, i, in J. -P.

Migne, Patrologia Graeca, VIII, 704.

12Ibid., 705.

Ibid., 704. Manual of Discipline (1QS), V, 11. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Kohler, 15K. Jewish Quarterly Review, PURCHASES KNABE—p. 147. XI (1920),NS

expressions the are in "Typical ZadoTHE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERAkite III, 1315: Battle the Fragment,

Scroll (Milhama), XVII, 8-9; Manual of

llf;Discipline, VIII, V, 10; IV, 6; IX, You'll find Knabe Grands and Geo. Steele professional up- 3-4. IX, Sab.1617; XI, 5, 19; Talmud,

17H. Zimmern, in Zeitschrift d. deut. rights built by Knabe in the new "Y"Center. And have you

Morgenland, Ges., 74 (1920), p. 433; M. noticed how many other handsome churches and fine public

Christian OriginsBlack, The Scrolls and buildings are choosing Knabe?

Scribner's 6771; pp. 1961),(New York,

R. Eisler, Jesuous Basileus (Heidelberg,

1930), II, 21f, 698f; Talmus, Erub. VI, Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano

11.18 Tustin, Dialogue, 55:3, 120. specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

1DFrom the Slavic Halosis, text in R. musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and

Eisler,- Gospelop. cit.,of II,Philip,9. 105:28ff, 106:1. thedependableMetropolitanserviceOpera.have set it apart as the Official Piano of

"... he revealed himself as they would

be able to see him... to the great as

great... to the small as small; to angels Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and

as an angel, to men as a man..."So receive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the

Epistlealso in the very early of the many quality features of Knabe.

Apostles, (Aethiop. ) c. 14 (Cop- (25);

tic) c. VII; and Origen, Against Celsus,

VI, 77, in Patrologia Graeca XI, 1416;

the Odes of Solomon, No. 3; the Thanksgiving Hymns.

2lSo the Gospel of Truth, p. 21, (f

XIr), a common Gnostic teaching.

"1 John 3:2; 1 Cor. 13:12.

'Clementine Recognitions, II, 4.

24Matt. 3:9f; Luke 3:9; Matt. 21:23f;

Mark 11:2833; Luke 20:2-8; etc.

II, 60. Recognitions, Clementine mbt

Ibid., I, 15, 23.

21Ibid., I, 52.

""Ibid., VI, 25. East Rochester, N.Y.

-"'Ibid., I, 4748. Signature of Quality Pianos Clementine Homily, XIX, 20, in A

Patrologia Graeca II, 441.

'"Discussed by R. Harris, The Odes and

Psalms of Solomon (Cambridge University, p. 101. 1909),

32Lactantius, Divine Institutes, VIII, 26, BE AN "INSTANT EXPERT"WITH cit. Harris, I.e.

"Clementine Recognitions, III, 1. Black& Decker* power drill & saw;

'"Discussed by M. Peuch, in Vigiliae MAILED DIRECT TO YOUChristianae, 12 (1958), pp. 186f.

;,r'Clement of Alexandria, Stromat., I, ANYWHERE IN THE U.S.A.

xii, 753. in Patrologia Graeca VIII, U-124 3/8"DRILL

III, Recognitions, 34. 'Clementine

Doublereduction gears '"Ibid., IV, 35. U-130 IVa"SAW you to power:!SActs 15:23, 29; discussed in the anallowholes through any macient Apostolic Constitutions (a Clementerial. 88

in writing), Patrologiatine 12, VI, 29 IVa,"for less A saw I, 941ff.Graeca, THIS MAIL COUPON

. than a In6V2"in Please Irenaeus, Haereses,:i"Cited Adv. V. send Decker W me Black & cludes rip fence,.. com50c ADD POSTAGE is earliest the bination36. Papias of of all one blade and 7'/4"DRILL 3/s"SAW D Plus Sales Tax in Utah blade wrench. 3V2% Fathers.church

$ ENCLOSED ]. n. Christi, Test. Rahmani, Dom.

Name Address PEHRS0N HARDWARE City State 2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

APRIL 1965 331 IN YOUR HOME

ed., I, xviii is 22f). Syriac The word (pp.

taxis to IN YOUR CHAPEL. equivalent the the Greek and

Latin ordo, and refers, according to

Rahmani, to the third heaven. Cf. the

Gospel of Truth, 21:4-6, where "only the

living who are in the Book of Life"are to receive these teachings.

"Ignatius, Epist, ad Tralles, c. 5.

42P. Batiffol, in Revue Biblique, 1911,

p. 32.

Apocryphon of James, 1:8-25, M.

Peuch, trans., in Vigiliae Christianae, 8

(1954). 44M. R. James, Apocryphal New Testament, p. 520.

iSClement, Epistle in Patrologia Graeca,

II, 25, 2832; cf. Eusebius, Church History, III, 32.

John Chrysostom, De obscuritate vrophetarum, ii, in Patrologia Graeca 56:178, notes that since it is impossible

to translate perfectly from one language to another, there always must be an

scriptures. PRATT & LAMBERT element of obscurity in the teaching of 47B. J. Knott, "The Christian 'Special

Language'in the Inscriptions,"in Vigiliae

Christianae, 10 (1956), 6579.

48The early Christians like the Jewish sectaries of the desert were an "underCountless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decoground"movement, J. Jeremias, in

Wissenfur Neutestamente are rated LDS Chapels 184194. 42 (1949), finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt schaft,Zeitschrift40 varnishes. paints and & Lambert p, Habakkuk Scroll, The J. Teicher,

SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. 47.R. Harris, Odes and Psalms of Solo-

'Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area'mon, p. 121.

cit., R. op. p. xiv. James, B1M.

to the Introduction Oesterley, 52M.

the York, Apocrypha 2205 So. Main—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—Salt Lake City, Utah Books Macof ( New

millan, 1935), p. 71.

K!A. D. Nock, in Journal of Biblical

Literature, 52 (1933), p. 132.

ited by R. Marie, in Etudes, 302

71. p. (1959), 1- This is an ideal for social program organizestudent groups, business Yflll1 UU PANvflll tions, groups, family notes that the former explana55Nock

organizations, religious groups, special interest tion of of the the peculiar language New n>iHir nn etc! groups, as vulgar simply being Testament Greek ORGANIZE YOUR\lf\\\r\ rtllliiOWN 2. You organize your group experts.., Murdock is since there in holds, longer the no

willdoyourplanning! Koine "nothing corresponding to the Tfll - 3 ck You the or place your group flavor Christian the early country of Semitic |D ODHI\jl f\ ''DCfig J

. U to U P'see wants Travel will Murdock show you writers. less like the could Nothing be

it is.inexpensive., easy and how to there! get, letters of the majority Pauline than docu-

r take can you 4. n or y0U 0W Murdock rne P grou and illustrate Inexpensive to..New collected ments"Deissman by

will Travel provide for guide a you!

of prevailing the the day. idiom Greek

5 Y assure ur travel of group ucan on the y cit, to 138. p. Op. Travel Wsy Anywhere. rail, highest quality carriers (bus, air) or *.''"and

r'"F. Cross, in Christian Century, August in finest the hotels! accommodations

24, 1955, p. 971.

B7Nock, op. cit., p. 132.

Send for full particulars now: '. such58Justin,words,Dialogueas does 100,Nock,givesop. acit.,list pp.of

Murdock Travel, Inc., 134f, and H. Gressman, Ursprung der

1 4 South Main Street: Gnosis, p. 335.

Salt Lake City—Phone: 3283161 j Gottesdienst5flO. Cullmann,(Zurich,Urchristentum1950), pp. 51f.und

""Gospel of Philip, 126.

Name: '. logia01Lactantius,Latina, 6:452;DivinesoInstitutesTatian, inOrat.Patro-6; (g) this is the "Treasure of Light,"e.g. in

Address: Second Book of Jeu, C. Schmidt, ed., in MURDOCK Texte u. Unters., VIII, 196.

ed., 02Acta Bonnet, Thomae, 243). (p.

at in the length theme The TRAVEL City: State: Zip:1. E. Apr. 65

early I very Pearl."called "The ishymndeveloped

These are the "pearls"and "treasures"of iiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii theVigilaeNewChristianae,Testament,12 G.(1958),Quispel,186f. in

RENT VACATION | III, '"Clementine 5358. Recognitions,I RAISING FUND TRAILERS TRUCK OR COACHESSell every item an home MOxyrhynchus Logion GosNo. 9 (2); S5: needs—Reverefor guaranteed bulb Each

Parks, Utah cf. Yellowstone, Canyonlands pel 2, No. Logion of Thomas, Nos. light 81, bulbs. z Visit 3 years—threeGuaranteedlight bulbs.times thei of.= required. profit of investment Noordinary 40life% Free Booklet 17:3ff. 88, Truth, 96; Gospel of

Write for free information.

REVERE COMPANY VACATION TRAILER RENTALS, INC.

1 Dept. M45. 911 Columbia St., Scranton, Pa. 18509 | 2270 So. Main Sat Lake City 15, Utah

niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiKiKiiififiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii?

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Special Report:

The Church Moves On For the most powerful solid (Continued from page 278) second counselor to President Hunt. fuel rocket motor ever firedElder Ralph B. Hutchings was released as first counselor. the world's toughest steel

The First Presidency anmaximum strength, durability, economy nounced the appointment of is its steel's resist ability to toughness apart. tearingElder C. Kearns Ferre as president Astress cracking without or

of the Central Atlantic States MisMany steels are ultrastrong but not sion, succeeding President Delmont necessarily ultratough, and it is extremely steel difficult that is both. to a U. S. make for Ferre has President White.H.

it. is steel Steel called did maraging The of theeight years been a member least stronger strucsteel—at 8 times than

Highland (Salt Lake City) Stake tural steel. It is so tough that plates only

high council. Previously he was % of an inch thick contained the fury of

bishop of the Stratford Ward. He theing inmosthistory.powerful solidfuel rocket firwill be accompanied to the field of The firing of this rocket took place in

labor by his wife Winnifred Soloan almost lunar landscape near the Calimon Ferre. The couple are the parfornia-Mexico border. It had little of the

ents of two living sons and have dramaLockheedtypicalPropulsionof liquidCompanyfuel rockets.engineerA

five grandchildren. simply pushed a button right on schedule

and a half million pounds of solid proPresident David O. McKay, in pellant ignited, sending a thunderous

the hospital for tests and recolumnstand. Theof flamemotorskywardsdevelopedfrom1,000,000the test

covering from lung congestion, was lbs. of thrust, exactly as planned. After

cheered today by the arrival of 109 seconds, again exactly as planned, the of tower flame died the and Air Force carnations a half dozen "andtwo awk 'representatives mile- a announced "major B. President Johnson.from Lyndon stone"trip in the into space. There have been other solidfuel rockets if

Elder Del E. Davis sustained but never before on such a grand scale.

13 feet case motor in The was diameter of president as Houston firms other are building even Two tall. feet 75 and special very breed A solidfuel of larger boosters of MaragPresi- USS succeeding Stake(Texas) steel to required was withstand the enoring Steel, 260inch as giants diameter large President Taylor,dent Keith M. forces. S. Steel's mous U. maraging new as diesel two locomotives endto-end.

filled steel it bill: the is the counselors are Elder George toughest steelDavis's Scientists cluster envision fullsize six a of

its ever at level. strength made sub- A this Gregory of motors generationK. Sirrine and developing Buddy an W.

test sequent hydrostatic at pressures even initial thrust stage lbs. of 44,000,000 Taylor. President served withwho firing higher than the the proved maraging with liquidfuel Combined stage, a second

steel to in case perfect be condition. such vehicle a could propel a 1,000,000

steel differs The new other ultrafrom O. This "David was McKay into lb. payload orbit. earth low

strong steels in is It several ways. to easy States United in Steel has and introducWeber been Ogden Day"

fabricate it weld, and and can be heat ing an average of two or improved new resi110,000 than as moreCounty treated after fabrication with virtually no products each month. like to And we their tribute to todents paused pay dimensional distortion. heat treating The suggest innovations in all the steel use of

process that develops still at steel's maraging a hasneighbor home... who products. business with S. Steel U. Do

is strength also simple; remarkably it reis where the big idea innovation.Huntsville, Utah, he was United where

quires of the costly none quenching equipStates Steel, 525 William Place, Penn heldborn. was July day A similar ment for needed ultrastrong most steels. Pittsburgh, Pa. 15230.

16, 1954.

President McKay was released from the LDS Hospital today.

(OsS) United States Steel: where the big idea is innovation Elder Ronald R. Dalley sustained as president of Butte

( Montana ) Stake, succeeding President Charles W. Hanna. Elders

Grant K. Hyer and William A. Ros- w n

siter sustained as counselors, succeeding Elders Melvin C. Petersen BURNED OUT

and T. Norman Maxwell. REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

MARCH 1965 A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

Elder Clifton D. Boyack suswith tremendous added expense before you find

tained as president of San another.

Mateo (California) Stake succeedLet us explain your need for ample insurance ing President Richard I. Palmer. to cover today's higher values.His counselors are Elders Edward

L. Howard, Jr., and Joseph M.

Milne. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

APRIL 1968 333 Mormon Pavilion (Continued from page 297)

This exposure, given on an average to 16,900 visitors each day, might be equal to the combined number of cottage meetings held by all of the fulltime missionaries around the world in that same day.

The interior displays have many faithpromoting facets. In addition

to the inspiring "Christus"statue, there are original oil paintings on subjects from the Old and New Testaments and in the long gallery are two imposing murals, One portrays the events in the life of Jesus and his Apostles. These scenes begin with the baptism of the Savior

Why your church should have the soft, byandimmersionend with Johnin thetheRiverRevelator'sJordan quiet beauty of Bigelow vision of Moroni: "And I saw anfly of other in angel the midst decor. building church be reason Mormon alone would Appearance..."heaven. matching mural A carpets like other Bigelow carpet, There are many Bigelowenough. But a fine

the Gropoint Director shown above,—ideal for the home as well. In fact, for depicts twelve historic events in

also absorbs noise. Helps create an atevery public building, for every home, the restoration of the gospel and

mosphere of serenity. Saves on mainteBigelow has or can customcreate the the reestablishment of the Church

nance and cleaning costs too. perfect carpet. We've been doing it for in these latter days.

This sturdy tweed is woven of finest well over a century. Many visitors have found much

selected imported wools to give years interest in the threedimensional traffic.of It comes under heavy wear of trees dioramas. grove has CARPETS RUGS been AND A

it to any colors, adaptable14 making 1825 SINCE First Vision, for created the showin Bigelow ing Joseph Smith as a fourteenyear-old youth praying for wisdom.

BLACK & WHITE FAMILY CRESTS Coat of Arms Itguidesis at touchthis pointdeeplythatthemissionaryhearts of

Proudly display Family Coat of Arms.

Enameled on Eternal the Smith Wall Joseph saw God roll Shields, Parchments,FILMSlllv 8 exposure your many, testifying, "I know that Christ."Son, Jesus Father and his Pitchers, Silicate Water

Plates, Blazer Crests, DEVELOPED & PRINTED ChinaPocket etc. A second diorama brings together

Genuinely of emblazoned the Bible and Mormon. Book 11 IN SIZE JUMBO

old from records. Over

is 1 2 exposures illustrating the 504 20 exposures This done by $1.00 350,000 Coarsof-Arms WtHrfj

available for over 35 exposures 36 utters in as the $1.50 Savior Jerusalem he

nationalities.

"... other words, sheep I have

MAHOGANY OR OAK which are not of this fold...."ImCOLOR FILM WALL SHIELDS

8"x 5Vi"$14.95 14"x 10"$24.95 mediately adjoining this scene is DEVELOPING 10"x 7"$16.95 lOVi"x 12%"$29.95 one featuring the figure of Christ,

this as a FRAMED SKIN PARCHMENTS Resurrected time GOAT Being KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure 14"10"x 10"per $18.95 x 7"$16.95 to of the appearing the people

Dev. Printing and roll $2.55 in Zarahemla, Western Hemisphere INSTITUTE HERITAGE RESEARCH 12Exposure per

Laird Ave. 964 4669375 Phone as savs, I of are "ye they he Dev. Printing Roll $3.00 and whom ro || City, Salt Lake 84105 Utah

."Reprints Color.. said: I have. sheep Other 204 each

1 35 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per paintStill aandthirdsculpturediorama revealsthe theme:in oil

20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll "The Purpose of Life... Man's

135 mm Color Slides per Search for Eternal Happiness."

exp., 36 Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll FAMILY LINE BOOK These are composite scenes showColor Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll EASY ing step by step the purpose of

ORDERLY man'sIt is lifeherefromthatbirththe tomissionariesthe grave.GfNEALOGY PHOTOS INTERESTING testify that God's work and glory is

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD NEW "to bring to pass the immortality PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS eternal life of man."Here many to use Work Book with Genealogy and of NEGATIVE, 54 each opportunities questions and come Lesson Manual

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s arise to suggest filling out referral

MoneyBack Guarantee For Details Write cards and taking church literature.

the PRESS EDENSAM'S PHOTO LAB 162 Berger 7, Utah St., MurrayP.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City,

334 THF IMPROVEMENT ERA Eleven models, 80cc to 300cc, Perhaps the most impressive all 4-cycle engines, portion of the pavilion program is the motion picture, "Man's Search prices as low as $339.

for Happiness."Written by Richard

L. Evans and produced at Brigham

Young University, this has become one of the most talkedof films in the New York World's Fair. So

vivid and vigorous is the portrayal of gospel principles through this production that the great Protestant spokesman, Norman Vincent Peale, was moved to write in his syndicated newspaper column, "I will defy anyone, however callous, to come unmoved out of the Mormon exhibit. They show a marvelous

motion picture done by topflight actors that depicts the journey of the human soul from birth to immortality. So glorious is it that the

viewer comes out with tears in his eyes, but walking on air."This

film, by actual count, has been shown over 8,600 times and hasbeen seen by 964,000 people. Gilera Motorcycles

Many individuals have made great contributions to the personal now available in U. S Pavilion. Chief amongMormon

these is Harold B. Lee, chairman

of the World's Fair Committee, working closely with Mark E.

Petersen, Delbert L. Stapley, and

Richard L. Evans from the Quorum

of the Twelve. But credit for the

most singular contribution must go After 56 years of European supremacy (Gilera is number one to the Prophet David O. McKay. over there) you can now buy the 4-stroke Gilera on our shores.

His was the vision to see what Precisioncrafted, Gilera is perfect for our midcontinent climate breathtaking achievements could be created in the name of the Lord and budgetpriced for economy and sportsminded people.

with a masterful exhibit in the There are a few valuable franchises available in your area.

world's mightiest market place. In Any person with a willingness to work and a small investmenta day and generation of enormous

decisions, this must be considered can earn $20,000, $30,000 or more each year. No previous

divinely inspired. He has brought experience is necessary and we will back you up with an aggresthe Church back home. sive, effective advertising plan. Write, wire or phone

WONDER

BY GLADYS HESSER BURNHAM When springtime warmth envelops all our earth GILERA/USA750 Long Beach Blvd., Long Beach, Calif., Phone: HE 5-3485

An aura, bright, suffuses land and sky, Our hearts are lighter and the world's great girth Exudes a perfume sent to vivify.

Renewed exuberance for life can tell Lamont Nibarger The slumbering torpid soul at last President to wake. Gilera / USA

Rejuvenation spurs our impetus to spell The wonder that unfolds for beauty's sake. Howard Cox

VicePresident Gilera/ USA

APRIL 1965 335 Fortyeight years ago we joined the United States indeed most of the time, their conversation dealt with

Army. It was 1917, and patriotism ran high. One could their amatory exploits of the previous leaves into the

wait to be drafted and thus incur the scorn of the nearby city. Sometimes, too often, these were illuspatriotic young bloods, or one could volunteer, thereby trated by photographs which were highly provocative

proving his manhood, his love of country and of flag, to sensual emotions in the young soldiers. Only ocin one great act of devotion. casionally would one find seriousminded men lying on

These men left home to the cheers of the loved their cots reading books and magazines. A few would

friends and relatives. This was heady, high romance. be writing letters.

The waiting room of the depot was crowded with Mail call was held daily. Happy was the boy who

mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, cousins, received mail from home. The envy of the crowd

sweethearts, and wouldbe sweethearts of the departgathered around the mail room was the young Lothario ing heroes. Most of them were of an age to go on who received five or six letters, all in feminine handmissions today—in the late teens. It was glamorous; writing and all delicately scented with identifying

it was romantic. It was war at its exciting best—the perfume. Some received letters from interested men

departure from home. and older women. A few received no letters at all, nor

Life in the army camp of that day was not glamorous. did they expect to, but they came just the same.

It was boring. The daytime activity of being trained Looking back to the influences which tied the boys

for something unknown was endurable because in the to home, to honor, to moral conduct, it is not hard to evening hours the men gathered together in social trace those which were effective. We remember the

groups for such fun as they could devise. Crap games boy in the next bunk who received regularly the Davis

were common. Other forms of gambling were inCounty Clipper, a weekly newspaper containing bits

dulged. Later a piano was installed in the hastily of gossip about the home folks. Every boy from Bounticonstructed mess hall, where the boys gave vent to ful, Utah, and points north gathered weekly at his

patriotic fervor by singing the patriotic songs of the quarters while the newspaper was read aloud. A few

day. The most stirring of these, "Over There,"never boys from Salt Lake City, but few indeed they were,

failed to bring enthusiasm. received the Deseret News-. In a marvelously short

Here and there, more often than one could want, time it disappeared, as various of its parts served, groups of men gathered and talked. Much of the time, literally, a hundred hungry hearts and minds. We can

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA remember, once, looking at an Improvement Era. the records for names of our boys. Any boy who will

Some boy had a mother who thought it might help may find our influence. These things are good but

and so mailed the family copy to her son—and unthey don't completely cover. The most important

knowingly to a dozen mothers'sons who were his hours are those when the groups gather to talk, when companions in arms. the crap game is on, or when the bus is heading for

Most of these efforts on the part of the home folks town filled with carefree youth bent on having a time.

were meager indeed compared to the great need of the Then most important are the intimate touches, the boys. Home was far away, and the Church was farther. written word from home, and local hometown newsWe received letters from home, but most of us were papers. We do want the boys and girls who serve their

unconscious of the Church. There was no organized country in uniform to know we care. And we can

effort to remind us. We remember distinctly that in be a potent influence in a time of temptation to do

nearly a year and a half of service, not once were we evil by being quietly on hand, reminding the youth of made conscious that we were missed by our bishop, the eternal values, bringing into focus his home, his our priesthood quorum, our Mutual and Sunday School church, his duty, and his obligations.

friends, or by the ward. We might just as well have Letters from loved ones are necessary. Letters from

been dropped into a vacuum. We did not expect such the bishop and priesthood leaders are vital. These

notice, so we didn't miss it, but we can now see that things hold the boy to his loyalties. In between times

had there been such attention given to the boys, a other reminding elements can be present. The Imgood many who were not strong enough to stand provement Era and the Church News are quiet realone, to resist the multitude of evils tempting, pulling, minders that we are concerned, in addition to the

tugging at their resistance, would have come through information and testimony that they contain.

the war clean in body and spirit. Three simple things are requested: a monthly letter

Today things are different. That is, they can be from or at the suggestion of the bishop, weekly a copy

different. No boy in the armed service need be without of the Church News section of the Deseret News, and

church influence. There is an organization within the monthly a copy of The Improvement Era. If our boys

service itself. Group leaders are constantly watchful. receive these three and letters from mothers and

There are wards and branches with alert leaders near fathers, and then with alert leaders on the ground and every armedservice post or camp. Men constantly comb nearby, our boys will feel wanted and loved.

APRIL 1965 337

Bruce LeRoy Jorgensen, born March the many jobs boys my age hold, but I believe in makat Logan, Utah, 15, 1950, it presents itself.

Israel and Merle Mechamis the sonJorof ing the most of each opportunity as LeRoy gensen of the Oak Hills 2nd Ward, East Other than work with monetary value, there is work is Stake, Provo, Sharon Utah. He an that gives a person that good feeling known only to of the honor student and member

safety council at Farrer Junior. High those who help others. The things we do for others

Eagle a bronze School; Scout with an

Order may seem small to us but are often greatly appreciated palm; of the and gold a member

of the Arrow, an honorary camping by the recipient. I believe it is our responsibility to

pianist society of the Boy Scouts; for be aware of where our services are needed and perpriesthood meeting; the ward and

teachers quorum president. form them willingly. There are many programs and

national recent the attended He at Valley Forge; has organizations established for this purpose. High on the jamboree scout

served as pitcher on a Little League list of these are MIA activities such as the Boy Scout baseball team, Scout den Cub chief, organization and, of course, the priesthood, which patrol patrol leader leader senior and of Troop 177; and has earned three gives one the authority to act in the name of God.

individual awards in the Aaronic PriestThe Boy Scouts of America is a wonderful program. hood.

It not only encourages us to "do a good turn daily,"

I. JORGENSEN but also encourages us to have high goals and to worklU4 IdJtMt BY BRUCE which we should do even if we are not Boy Scouts,

toward them. Starting as a Tenderfoot, the Scout can

I used to think that everyone was against me when progress up the scouting trail, earning badges and

I couldn't reach a goal with little effort. Now I know ranks, and ultimately ending up in the Eagle's nest.

that anything worth having is not free. I believe that Each step in earning the Eagle rank is planned carethe Lord gives us difficulties and challenges as part of fully and gives us allaround development in many

the great plan of proving ourselves. different skills. After earning my Eagle award and two

One of the greatest challenges, I believe, is learning palms, I can honestly testify that by achieving someto work. Learning to work has changed my life. thing of this caliber, I want to go on and achieve far

Through my childhood years, I had the idea of playmore complicated goals: complete high school, go on

ing "lots"and working "little."As I got older and was a mission, gain higher education, be married for time

expected to do things and hold responsibility, I wonand eternity, get settled in my life's profession, give dered who was really on my side. When I had seen substantial church service, and rear a family. All of

some of the fruits of my work, I began to appreciate this is possible, if I, or anyone else, can get enough its value. I began to realize that selffulfilment is not drive and determination to "endure to the end."The

achieved in leisure, but in toil, discipline, and work! plan for success in this estate has been given to us by

During my life, I have had various types of work: our Heavenly Father. If we will stay close to him

taking care of the yard, helping around the home, through prayer and study, he will help us achieve helping the neighbors, practising, doing school and success here and eternal life hereafter.

church work, and working on my father's farm. I This brings me to the most challenging and most

believe all of these jobs have added to "me"in the way repaying phase of work, that of work in this great of working skills. While working out at our farm, I Church. A few months ago I was called to be the

have gained skill in manipulating tools and heavy president of my teachers quorum. I look forward to

machinery, a skill hard to gain anywhere else. Most going to priesthood meeting each Sunday to work

recently, I have had a job in a law office. I really enjoy with my friends and with older men holding the

this work, and I am learning something about the propriesthood. It is such a pleasure to work with them,

fession which I intend to make my life's work. Besides learn with them, and partake of the Lord's Spirit

all of the value of the work itself, the money I earn with them. My week would not be complete without

is building my missionary fund, as well as helping me the wonderful spirit I partake of there. These meetings

with current needs. I know that my job is just one of combined with other church meetings and family

338 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA relations have helped my testimony grow to the burneach person in the village."

ing testimony it is. I can testify that I know this gospel So for hundreds of years the bronze lamps were

is true; I intend in my life to help to spread it to all of handed down from father to son and from mother to

those I meet no matter how much work it takes. I daughter. They were carefully treasured, and when

also believe, and know for myself, that when we are the church bells rang, the people would make their way in the service of the Lord, doing and living as he to the house of worship, each carrying his own lamp.

would have us live here on earth, we are in the highest I believe that every member of the Latterday Saint state of earthly happiness. faith has received in his heritage a lamp of religious

Life offers many difficult but wonderful and infreedom and faith, a lamp whose burning light should spiring challenges. These can be either depressing or be treasured and valued beyond all earthly possessions.

uplifting depending on how we look at them. ChalThis lamp should be cared for constantly, so that

lenges can be better described as "opportunities."An wherever it may shine it will influence all those upon

elderly gentleman addressing an audience of youth whom the shafts of light may fall with the spirit of said, "Each new day with its opportunities is the greatliberty of soul and mind and body that is within our est blessing of our life."hearts. Christ said, "Let your light so shine before men,

May we all learn the value of work! There is so much that they may see your good works, and glorify your

for us to learn, I realize; but as soon as we have felt Father which is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.)

the joy and happiness that comes from achievement, The light by which we live should be ever present we should be willing to help others feel it. President with us. Our faith and belief in this light should

McKay cautions us not to pray for ease of life but for always be part of our lives. It is not what we believe

strength to meet and do those things ahead. I hope or even what we say we believe, but it is when we

laziness and indifference will not thwart the plans habitually live our beliefs and convictions that we are we make under our Heavenly Father's direction, that progressing to eternal life. Latterday Saints are not

we will set high goals for ourselves and then persevere peculiar because they have ideals admittedly high until we achieve them. If we do this, we will be able and different but because they make these ideals part

successfully to meet life's many difficult but wonderof their everyday lives. Our religion does not hold any

ful and inspiring challenges. promises that the pathway to eternal life is an easy

one. Just as an ax needs sharpening, edging, and

Lance D. Samuelson is the son of Mr. polishing, so does a testimony within us. We must

Mrs. Clarenceand D. Samuelson of daily try to draw near to Christ and have the desire to Bountiful, Utah.West He graduated

from Bountiful High School in May, continue faithfully in the gospel. We must have both

attending and is presently 1962, Weber the desire and the strength to reflect in our convictions CollegeState in Ogden, Utah. He served

in the United States Navy as a hospital and actions the love of Christ. The pathway to eternal

of recipient the and wascorpsman the life is one of sacrifice, struggle, and righteous living. Spirit of medalAmerican upon Honor

completion of boot camp. He is the We must grow and develop ourselves intellectually,

holder of a Duty to God award. physically, morally, and spiritually. We must come to

know God, to live as he lives, and to think as he thinks. What better life can you pattern yours after nMUljtM, BY LANCE SAMUELSON

than that of Jesus?

A legend is told about a king who built a beautiful My religion fills my life with meaning and design church for a village in his kingdom. When the edifice and attaches to life a goal. To me my religion dignifies

was completed with arching beams, artistic wood and exalts man and makes human life more sacred, carving, and stained glass windows, one thing was purposeful, and meaningful. Yes, ours is truly a rich

lacking: it had no lamps. The king explained, "Each heritage, one that we should share with all people so

person who attends the church will carry his own that they may see our good works and glorify our lamp. I have provided small, bronze lamps, one for Father which is in heaven.

APRIL 1965 339 Sprir$m If spring sleeps deep and late and her alarm clock does not

ring, If she slumbers right through and summer abruptly supplants winter, The year's pattern is shattered, and we humans can't be quite happy Without that amazing, glorious,

fickle spring.

Spring is flighty but can be tied down by the

five senses:

Spring is adventurous if guided by taste, smell, sight, sound, and touch.

Spring is a jewel, a glistening diamond, a flashing emerald, a glowing

pearl.

Spring is love, as soft as a kitten, as alive as a stalking tiger.

Spring is exciting, never to be skipped or ignored or outshone, Spring—the choicest of her three

sister seasons—spring!

senses hour

Be alert to spring; it will be well worth your while. Welcome it with all five

senses. A rainwashed atmosphere has a heavenly scent. Smell the fragrance of

tender buds, fresh bark, and tiny blossoms. There is nothing sold over the

cosmetic counter for fifty dollars an ounce to touch it. Wake up early some clear

spring morning and before anyone else is up take a brisk walk through your neighborhood. You will see things you have never noticed before: houses will

take on new shapes; the flowering trees and shrubs will be more beautifully

pastel; the slanting rays of the sun will be filled with color; and the road you

tread on will be overlaid with blue and pink mauve. Walk with head held high

and eyes wide open. Spring sounds different from winter; the noises are clearcut, no muting by layered snow. The most typical spring sound is the chirping

of the birds early in the morning. Lie in bed minutes longer just to hear their

happy song. Gone are the silence of winter and the autumn noise of the cricket.

The sense pf touch is a pleasure in the spring. Nothing is too hot or too cold;

like Goldilocks and the baby bear, everything is just right. On a spring night the

stars seem touchable. People, too, seem more approachable at this time of year;

there is a new awakening, a new beginning for everyone. As you go around

sniffing, looking, listening, tasting, or feeling, you will be more of a person this spring if you are on your toes, alert, and aware. Happy spring to you!

Even in the kitchen our five senses are active. We use them in every dish

we prepare. Appearance is important in the food on any table. We eat with our

eyes. Let's be an artist with color and shape and texture as we plan our menus.

A round, white potato next to a white slice of halibut accompanied by a pale pear salad on a white plate is anything but attractive. Be an artist and toss tiny

new potatoes into a bed of chopped parsley and minced green onions and spoon over each potato one tablespoon of hot cream. Then grill the halibut and sprinkle

it lightly with paprika and melted butter, not forgetting the paperthin slice of lemon to garnish. Next spread the pear half with cream cheese and dot with

maraschino cherries and nuts and nestle it on crinkly greens. Cook with your

eyes open. Enjoy what spring offers to your taste buds. Mild, tasty, springgreen

asparagus, rhubarb combining a tartness and sweetness surpassed only by its rosy color are gifts of spring. New potatoes with mint are a taste experience anyone

first strawberries of the year with cream has anTODAY'S FAMILY could cherish. A dish of the

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR appeal heavy pastries will never match. (Continued on page 343)

Make your husband glad he's yours. Be the only wife

on your block to bake a beautiful whole wheat bran loaf. You do it yourself. With a little help from

Fleischmann's Yeast. It's not as hard as it looks—but

don't tell. Let him brag about you.

WHOLE WHEAT BRAN LOAF Blend 1 cup water and milk; bring to a boil. greased bowl, turning to grease top of dough.

Stir in allbran, let rise sugar, salt, Fleischmann's Cover; place, free from in warm

1 cup water % cup milk cool draft, until in bulk, Margarine to lukewarm. and molasses; 1 hour. doubled about allbran 3 tablespoons sugar1 cup

4 teaspoons salt Measure the warm water into a large warm Punch down. Turn out onto lightly floured

6 tablespoons (% stick) bowl. Sprinkle in Fleischmann's Yeast and board; divide it in half; shape each half into

Fleischmann's Margarine stir until dissolved. Add lukewarm bran mix- a loaf. Place in greased 8% x 5 x 3-inch loaf

xh cup dark molasses ture and whole wheatflour; beat until smooth. pans. Cover; let rise in warm place, free

(105115F.) water Vz cup warm until draft, 1 in bulk, from doubled about Stir in a soft flour white enough to make Fleischmann's 2 packages

hour. in hot Bake oven (400"F.) 30 to 35 lightly onto dough. floured Turn board and Active Dry Yeast

3 cups unsifted whole wheat flour knead until smooth and elastic, about lOminminutes, or until done. Makes 2 loaves.

2% cups unsifted white flour (about) utes (dough will be slightly sticky). Place in ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

Today's Family in the center and pour in remaining 6 cups diced celery (Continued from page 341) water, yeast mixture, eggs, and 2 cups diced pimiento salad oil. Stir until well mixed.

A good cook tastes as she creates. Cover and allow to rise an hour in a To prepare the avocado layer,

A dash of this and a pinch of that, warm place. Turn out onto a wellsprinkle the gelatin on water to

remembering to use herbs, seasonfloured board; knead lightly to soften. Place over low heat and stir

ings, and flavorings lightly, will make the dough easy to handle. until gelatin is dissolved. Remove

enhance what comes out of the Divide into P-inch balls. Roll from heat and chill mixture in rekitchen. Home is bland, impersonal lightly in hands, then in melted frigerator to unbeaten egg white

without the kitchen aromas. Cookbutter, and then place on greased consistency. Mash the avocados;

ies and cake have their charactercookie sheets. Leave a space equal blend in remaining ingredients.

istic fragrance; the scent of hot to the roll between each one. Stir in gelatin. Turn into the loaf

bread from the oven cannot be surSprinkle half with sesame and half pans and chill until almost firm.

passed. I know a girl who was so with poppy seeds. Allow to rise for

homesick when she passed a house about 20 minutes in a warm place. To prepare the tuna layer,

emitting the spicy smell of chili Bake at 375 degrees F. until nicely sprinkle gelatin on 3 cups of the

sauce bubbling on the stove that browned. These little rolls are good water to soften. Place over low heat

she almost left college and went served cold as well as hot. and stir until gelatin is dissolved.

home. Scents have lasting associaRemove from the heat and stir in

tions. Kitchen sounds are happy Spring Tuna Salad (Serves 48. the remaining water, lemon juice,

noises; they too can be stored in Set in six 9 x 5 loaf pans. and salt. Chill to unbeaten egg

memory. The sense of touch is white consistency. Fold in remainpriceless when kneading bread, Avocado Layer ing ingredients. Turn on top of alrolling out piecrust, shaping cookies most firm avocado layers. Chill

or candies. A gentle touch is needed 6 envelopes unflavored gelatin until firm. Unmold and slice each

in cooking. 4V2 cups water loaf into 8 or 9 slices. Serve on letIt is good sense, in the kitchen, 6 large avocados ( 6 cups ) peeled tuce. Hot butter rolls and potato

to use all of your senses. and mashed chips or carrot strips would com-

% cup lemon juice plete this luncheon.

A FAMILY OF FIFTY 3 cups sour cream 3 cups mayonnaise Spring Garden Salad

Some women cook three meals a 2 tablespoons salt 8 packages "mixed vegetable"fladay for two, some for a half dozen, % teaspoon Tabasco sauce vored gelatin some even for twelve people. Reci- 8 cups boiling water

pes can be adjusted for these Tuna Layer 5 tablespoons vinegar numbers, but the time comes when 5 cups cold water someone says, "The luncheon for 6 envelopes unflavored gelatin 2 cups diced celery fifty is your responsibility."Don't IVz cups water, divided 2 cups shredded cabbage

let a faint heart stop you. Sit down 1 cup lemon juice 2 cups diced cucumber

with a paper and pencil and plan 2 tablespoons salt 2 packages frozen peas, cooked a luncheon menu just as you would 6 6V2or 7-ounce cans tuna slightly and drained if you were to have eight friends coming to lunch. To help your plans

begin to materialize, you might consider some of the following recipes, serving about fifty. They are economical but still delicious and nuSPRING MUSIC

tritious.

BY AGNES K. MORGAN

Little Seed Rolls A slumbering winter, icy dressed, 2 packages granulated yeast Carries music deeply pressed

V2 cup warm water In every quiet heart. Along

V cup sugar Comes spring in gentle whispering song.

6 cups flour, approximately V2 cup powdered milk New April wakes—fresh clothes to wear-

1 tablespoon salt Weaves cherry blossoms in her hair, 2 cups warm water Takes golden notes the skylarks fling 2 beaten eggs To pin green parrot quills each spring

Vz cup salad oil On barren, brownlimbed maple tree;

Sesame and poppy seeds She wraps herself in melody,

Rattles rhythmed rain one day,

Combine the first 3 ingredients and Then changes into fullsonged May!

allow to stand until yeast is dissolved. Sift the flour, powdered Icebound hearts are free to sing

milk, and salt together. Make a well In harmony—It's spring! It's spring!

APRIL 1965 343 Your kitchen stays cleaner when you 1 cup pimiento, chopped withgrees aF.spoonfulabout 45of minutes.hot mushroomServe

Dissolve the gelatin in the boiling soup over each little loaf. Tomato

water; add the vinegar apd cold aspic served on crisp lettuce and a

water. Set in refrigerator until it hot roll completes the luncheon.

is the consistency of egg white.

Stir in the vegetables and mold Oven Sandwiches (54 sandwiches) in small individual molds or in large pan lVz inches thick. Cut 8 12ounce cans luncheon meat, ELECTRIC in squares and serve on crisp ground

Nothing is cleaner withgreens.toastedThis saladcheeseis bars,good servedpotato IV22 cupscups peeledchoppedchoppedgreen peppercucumber than a kilowatt—no chips, and a hot drink. 1 cup toasted slivered almonds

products of combus- 2 cups mayonnaise

Individual Meat Loaves 2 tablespoons lemon juice tion - ( 50 meat loaves 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce N\ 1 cup catsup 12 pounds ground beef 54 frankfurter or hamburger buns 3 cups grated carrots 2 tablespoons salt Combine all ingredients except

IV2 teaspoons pepper buns. Spread mixture between buns,

6 tablespoons Worcestershire allowing approximately % cup per sauce bun. Wrap each bun tightly in

IV2 cups chopped onion aluminum foil. Bake in hot oven

10 eggs, slightly beaten (400 degrees F. ) 10 minutes.

See the smart new Combine all ingredients and mix A delicious slice of frozen fruit thoroughly. Pack in mediumsized salad served on fresh greens comelectric range models muffin pans and bake at 300 depletes this luncheon.

at your dealer's now.

If it's electric, its better!

UTAH POWER ft LIGHT COMPANY

Wedding "8: v.. vWINS

Announcements

PRINTERS

Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery

HOME, SWEET HOME

quality crafted years, the growingup "Fitting into the Through family pattern;

two day service gifts are received, numerous as the being obedient to the family rules save up to 50% stars in the sky. Gifts of life and of conduct; remembering that, if

love, of care of and guidance, conthey away, should inform the folks for Send Illustrated 155 North 25 100 East restraint, Catalog Actual and cern and 1 Provo, Samples Dept. material and of they where will are and they when

Refunded with order of "Home BYU"Utah things are showered return; on at mealtimes, young their doing

Little Giant Hotomatic people. Often the children are too share of preparation and cleaning;

Gas Heater No. Water 3 young or they haven't taught been watching out for their brothers and

Will all supply the hot water to appreciate of and give sisters; anticipating themthe of needs needed Baptistries, for Church

Kitchens, Rest Rooms. Heats selves in love and actions and matethese smaller associates and help>- rise 450 GPH, 20 in temperature. Write for free folders on rial things to mother and father. ing before mother needs to call for

water heaters, Fiberglass BapPresident S. Dilworth Young has help; making father and mother feel tistries, spires.

LITTLE all MFG. GIANT CO. said, "In receiving these gifts, glad to have around, enterthem

7th Street, 907 Orange, Texas also give in return. they must as For taining well as expecting to be

if the parents want to give the chilentertained; and, above all, rememHANDICAPPED ONLY

dren a happy childhood so must bering that what one is physically 1 FREE CONSULTATION the children want to give the parand mentally, a large part of it 2. SUPERVISED PLACEMENTS ents a happy parenthood. But how? came from them."FBP. 3. 90 DAY JOB FOLLOWUP

A ABILITY PLACEMENTS P. O. Box 514 Salt Lake City, Utah

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Why not SPRING CLEANING HINTS tryPostum?

Slightly soiled wallpaper often marks with camphorated oil. Touch

can be cleaned by dipping a clean scratches with stain. Rub with wax

cloth into dry powdered borax and or polish.

rubbing it over the dirty spots. It polished furniture develops a

To remove grease spots from foggy look, dampen a piece of wallboard, apply a paste made of cheesecloth with a solution of one absorbent powder and one of the quart of clear water and one tableliquid spot removers. Mix it to spoon vinegar. Apply this to the ft

a paste so thick stick it will that of to surface the furniture.

forthe wallboard or two. forget a day At Don't that even walnut Instant

the end of the second day brush and mahogany profit by an occaoff, and the grease spots should be sional sudsing. Too many layers of

removed. In stubborn cases you wax and polish tend to give these

may have to repeat the treatment. woods a grayish look. Wring out C BEAl -BEVERAGE All crayon marks should be re-, both the wash and rinse cloths MU

moved from wallpaper before well when washing fine wood. Do No Caffc/n).

attempting to paint over small at a areas one time and it. yScrape dry;:off the thickest of the part crayon each before to next. going the on

with a dull knife blade. Make a You can save yourself a mounpaste by mixing a liquid noninflamtain of work cleaning slip covers.

mable spot remover with powdered While covers are still damp, iron whiting. Apply this paste thickly only the flounces. Then work the

over the spots. When dry brush off damp slip cover over the chair.

the powder. Most spots will be This not only eliminates ironing the

gone, but if necessary repeat the back and seat but produces a better process; fit.

Even badly soiled furniture may Fingerprints will come off woodFlavorful, hearty Postum it cleanedbe washing if by easily thoroughly work cloth with a wiped naturally encourageswith soap and to water which you with dampened kerosene. And just

friends. good talk amonghave to added three tabletwo kerosene does not paint damage

spoons of kerosene or turpentine. as hard scrubbing does. Made with pure,

Rinse, then rub dry with a clean, To discourage mildew growth energyfood ingredients soft cloth. on floors and woodwork, wipe them and no caffein,

Turpentine will clean wax and with a damp cloth dipped in keroPostum givesyouaaZwanift.

dirt off furniture. and woodwork sene. You can drink all you like.Apply a soft cloth. with off Wash To clean the very edge of your

any residue that may be left with mirror without damaging the frame If you haven't tried a mild soap and water solution. or to clean the dirt out of those Instant Postum lately,

Then rub on your favorite wax or hardto-getat ridges in nickel trim, you're missing a satisfying, polish. wet a chamois in rich detergent bracing drink.

A good furniture wax will not suds. Wring it well, then insert in You'll enjoy its natural lift.

only preserve and beautify polished a fold of it a match stick or a thinsurfaces on furniture, but will also bladed paring knife, using the The Natural Lift actually touch up stains, discoloracovered point to rout dirt from the tion, and scratches. close corners or creases. This really Send name and address

Rub white spots lightly with removes that hardto-getat dirt forfree Postum recipes to:

alcohol or turpentine. Rub heat without damaging the surface. Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

APRIL 1965 345 /ved/ma Qf/itwk/imf Brush upwards when you clean Fresh Courage Take

FROM your walls. This will prevent a (Continued from page 298)

IDAHO smeared or streaked effect, as dust particles hang downward. beginning to take their toll, and he

In washing walls or any other suddenly felt so weary that his feet flat surface, always begin washing would hardly carry him across the

A-JJIkJfM*—- at the bottom to avoid making platform. He reached the end of the

dirty streaks. You will find that the walkway and glanced at his watch.

water does not mark the clean area Another fifteen minutes before the below if it runs down. 2 pm express.

Washable walls and painted An arrogant soldier at the door of woodwork are easier to clean if the baggage room eyed him insoyou add one cup ammonia, onehalf lently. The guards had tolerated him

Custom printed cup vinegar, and onefourth cup so far, but he knew there was alPrices M* baking soda to a gallon of water. ways the chance they might take

are LOW You can save yourself a stiff neck him in for questioning. And he

in Idaho and much hard work when washing might miss the train carrying Larry.

ceilings if you use a selfwringing As he began the return walk

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple sponge mop with a long handle. down the platform, his thoughts

designs in white and latest parchments. To keep the mop from dripping, went back almost two years, and

napkins, albums, Matching Mormon other wring it quite dry each time you he remembered Larry's farewell. accessories. rush order service. One day

dip it in cleaning solution. Neither of them had ever been far

Clean pinepanelled walls with a from the farm in Pleasant Grove wax base preparation such as you except for a vacation in California use on wood floors. If the walls are and an occasional trip to YellowSend 25c for catalog & samples, refunded very dirty, use 0000 steel wool to stone Park with the Scouts. But

on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) loosen the accumulation of dirt Austria was his dad's fatherland,

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 before applying the wax. and he remembered the pleased

Name - When children's rubber heels smile when Larry opened the envelAddress make black marks on waxed floors

City, Zone. State. or linoleum, remove them by moistening a cloth with turpentine or

cleaning fluid and rubbing until THREE STEPS TOWARD

L.D.S. BOYS the spots disappear. Since this will TRANQUILITY

Summer Vacation remove the wax, you will have to BY DEON NETHERCOTT OLSON touch up the area with liquid selfWork on Farms, Guest Ranches, polishing wax. Sometimes when the Using my judgment,

Homes and Businesses under leadmarks are light, they can be re- I'll lay out a plan.

Using my strength, Families.ership of L.D.S. with a them by rubbing moved

I'll I can. do what

Write or Phone in liquid wax. cloth dipped Using my faith

See that the wax you use for And shutting out doubt,

TETON VALLEY EDUCATIONAL floors is evenly spread and well I'll accept what I

RECREATIONAL ASSOCIATION rubbed so there will be no slippery Can do nothing about.

VICTOR, IDAHO spots.

Ph. 7872232 or Ph. 7872254 When washing tile floors, use a

thin starch water. It will give the

tile a shiny glazed appearance. ope which contained his mission STUDIO SIMMONS PHOTO

oil stains Austria. call to from the remove To111 East Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Broadway

Genealogical Copying basement floor cover them with Six months later Merrill was also

Passport Photos sand or dry cement and let sit for called to the land of his father's

Missionary Photos several hours. birth. He could still hear Bishop

in Business Years 40 list To raise the nap on a carpet or Jones promise his parents of the for price Write rug that has been flattened or matblessings they would receive with ted down by heavy pieces of two sons in the mission field.

Go just years iron hold the steam ago had seemed war Two totheWORLD'S FAIR furniture, HILL CUMORAH far in spot, flattened Pleasant away. Grove, above the making No one by

PLANE, TRAIN, or BUS sure that it does not touch. The Utah, really believed Hitler would

with steam from the iron will raise the attempt to conquer the world.

VIDA FOX CLAWSON 13th East216 So. Salt Lake City, Utah nap. His thoughts were interrupted by

DA 8-0303 To keep the brass knocker on the faint humming of the rails. He

your front door shining and bright, had lost count of the times he had

Wisconsin Holstein, Guernsey or Swiss dairy polish it to a bright luster; then rub listened for the sound of the rails

calves shipped on approval. All ages. Also it well with some warm paraffin in the past five days. He hurried

Anguscross calves. on a dampened cloth. This will down the tracks to the point where

Write for prices. preserve its shine and beauty. the first passenger car usually

OTTO VANDERBURG NORTH PRAIRIE, WISCONSIN

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for all stopped. His heart always beat

faster as the train came into view and ground to a halt. As soon as the

noise of the wheels against the rails stopped, he took a deep breath of air and quickly began to pass down the length of the train whistling. "We'll find the place—

Which God for us prepared—."

Merrill always heard the words in his mind. He even alternated theverses each time to keep his spirits..armchair

up. Once he started the last stanza, or active

"And should we die—"but immediately switched back to the first

verse. Deseret News sports writers

Now, however, all his attention and cameramen give fans the of the the occupants on focusedwas first facts fast and his eyes quickly,train. He moved to the day.... every Turn cars, of the insides thesearching

trying to make the sound of his finest sports pages in the whistle penetrate from one end of Mountain West in your the car to another. He reached the Deseret News

last car and heard the whistle which signaled the start of the train. He took a deep breath and

almost ran the length of the last car, shrill his whistle even moremaking DESERETSALT LAKE CITY, NEWS of the puffing aboveto be heard the engine—

"Gird up your loins;

Fresh courage take—."

The train was moving. And he

didn't have any fresh courage. He

didn't have any courage at all. His

shoulders sagged as he walked "Out of homes of Amerslowly back down the worn planks. ica will come the future

Sister Dusseldorn would be at the citizensonly as ofthoseAmerica,homes andare truck with some lunch. He realized what they should be will

that he was ravenously hungry. It this nation be what it

would be another two hours before should be."

the next train. Perhaps he could get—David O. McKay

some sleep. Along with his hunger

he felt a complete weariness. Peruse. Perhaps Larryhaps no it was

a route into LET southernhad taken

Switzerland. Even Larry and now

in Switzerland, HOME STUDYthe others might be waiting to meet him before travelBE A SOURCE ing to Copenhagen, the gathering OF STRENGTH missionariesplace for all European IN YOUR HOMEbeing evacuated. might be Or they

trying to travel through Germany to Denmark—a difficult, uncertain Please send NAME

task.

The hymn seemed to be whirling Free ADDRESS his constantly. inaround head CITY STATE

will forsake."HOME STUDY never"Your Lord you

STUDY Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah After eating lunch he dozed on Catalog to... HOME

the hard leather of the truck seat and awoke with a start, wondering if he had missed the train in his RENT BEAUTY YOU CAN RENT IT!

great weariness. But he had slept FINEST QUALITY ARTIFICIALS

only minutes. TREES There ACCESSORIES twenty was FLOWERS

SIZE ANY COLOR HOWE RENTS ANY to wait. quartersthree of an hour SALE OR RENT - 3598727 SALES AND RENTALS

INC. BURNHAM'S

Bountiful I Lake City Salt 625 E. 5th So. Lake City, Utah 2375Salt State 4860055 640 So. South 500 West

APRIL. 196S 347

THIS SPACE CONTRIBUTED BY THE PUBLISHER

He decided to return to the railcers approached him.

way station because the schedule "Hen American,"he snapped, couldn't be depended upon in these "you will absent yourself from this times of war and general disruprailway station unless you wish to tion. As he approached the station, be interrogated by the captain in

he saw two guards talking together. the village."

One of them nodded toward him. This would be disastrous. Not

Although he couldn't hear their only would he miss many trains, but words, their faces reflected anger. he might be held indefinitely. PerMerrill's heart began to beat haps to comply for the moment

faster. He had been lucky thus far, would be the wisest course.

Dad's back but he had a feeling that his luck "Danke schoen,"he replied, as was running out. One of the offihe turned and started away. Evion the home team...

for good.

He is cured of cancer. His family doctor detected an early sign

of the disease and started treatment promptly. <> i

There are 1,300,000 Ameri- "LOOK OUT! DON'T DO THAT

cans living today who have been cured of cancer. Many more

could be saved if they saw their doctors in lime.

An annual checkup is your best way to fight cancer. RICHARD L. EVANS

Your check is our best way to help defeat it. In a plea for things to live and look for, for the future, Celia Cole pleaded

Fight cancer with a checkfor wisdom to listen to, as she put it, "... the silent bells each of us hears

up and a check. all alone"—that "within that warns us of danger"—that says: "Look out!

Send your check to Don't do that."'Much of life is a process of trial and error, and most of us

cancer, c/o Postmaster. do much trying and much erring. We make many mistakes, and perfection

AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY is not realistically expected—not now. But it is heartbreaking when we

make needless serious mistakes, when we ignore the warnings, the outFor Ward & Stake ward warnings, the experience of others, and the warning even within Banquets.. light that lighteth every man that 3-piece ourselves. It is written there in a ". Superior

cometh into the world"2—and we are not altogether helpless, not

STAINLESS altogether unaware of the safety or danger, the Tightness or wrongness

SETS of some kinds of actions, of some kinds of situations. We do things, we

International By go places, we mingle with people, we listen to various proposals—and

Silver Co. may agree sometimes to that which we don't feel good about, to that

KNIFE, which we could avoid if we would, and so sometimes find ourselves in

Stainless FORK and difficulty because we run against the silent voice that says, "Look out!

that."Don't against do experience. Sometimes run even we our own We SPOON

to take a that within chance on deeply Setting choose which Place all but know us we we have no real reason to expect will turn out well: the breaking of a law,

Orders 100 of a of facts; law; the ignoring the moral exposing ourselves to physical ofpostage or more

little Set or indiscretions, moral danger; dabbling a little faithlessness, with in U.S. A. 79* Per paid

a little carelessness, a little cutting of corners. But there aren't any odds,

PEHRS0N HARDWARE really, that would justify our jeopardizing health, or the happy whole2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah some functioning of physical and mental faculties, or peace of mind, or

selfrespect, or a clear conscience. Here and now we have only one

live, to to one mind, one one body, opportunity the through move IDAHO FALLS j/ODGE life life, limits this of better rules and we'd do it know, by the best we by [q 7 When attending the Idaho the best counsel we can keep, by the best that all men have learned, and

Falls Temple, stay at the'# is that for despite Godgiven; all the which of those thinking who Falls - by Idaho TRAVELODGE IK** to propose us morals, would emancipate from from laws, from commandclose—convenient and

Special rates for excursions.—Temple open all ments, there are still plain and true principles, ignoring which is dangerPhoneday Saturdays.—do. to Life or write for reservaous everlastingly, happier, here rich will be and and more

tions. full, if regrets is with fewer is shallow or what and shady we avoid what E Street 255

Idaho Falls, Idaho deep and dangerous—if we hear and heed the silent voice that says:

Ph. 5232960 "Look out! Don't do that."

BEEHIVE PHOTO 12D&CCelia 93:2.Caroline Cole, "Bells Like Prayers,"Delineator, January 1936.

GENEALOGY OUR SPECIALTY Negatives 50 "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Prints 05 Broadcasting System, January 17, 1965. Copyright 1965.

Add 25c Tax—Handling and Mailing

Complete Photo Service by Mail

P.O. Box 17436, Holladay, Utah 84117

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dently his luck had run out. Maybeit wasn't any use. Perhaps he should SOFTBALL

let Brother Dusseldorn take him to the border. If he waited here, whilehis brother was safely in CopenEQUIPMENT

hagen, he wouldn't be helping anyone.

Then he remembered the time when he and Larry were swimming, and he had been swept into THE BEST!

the current of the stream. Larry had

jumped in and grabbed him, even though he was taking a chance with ITE FOR PRICES his own life. And he remembered

the hours Larry had turned from QUIPMENT, ONIFORMS his own studies in school to help TROPHIES, (FAMOUS, BRANDS) him in algebra when Merrill was in danger of failing. He must wait and QUIPMENTmeet a few more trains somehow,

even though he risked his own SPECIAL CHURCH RATES safety.

After the guards had gone inside ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT SUPPLY the station house, he cautiously made his way back to a small build2020 South Main, Bountiful, Utah, 2950478 ing just north of the station. From

here he could observe the soldiers doing sentry duty on the platform. THE CHAMPION

if beforePerhaps they changed the AND FOOD PREPARATION APPLIANCE JUICER trainnext arrived, guards the new The Champion Juicer is outstanding in juicing all of rooty or leafy vegetables, fruits, meland

It berries.wouldn't know of the threat against typesons, also speedily and prepares a varietyhim. or for freezing of foods canning. lifeless The pulp

He looked at his watch. Only six comesjuice poursout theintoendtheof1V2the quartmachinestainlessand thesteelpurebowl.fresh

minutes until train time. Any minThe Champion is not only a juicer! It speeds meals

ute now the rails would begin their crackers,by gratingetc. hardIt easilyvegetables,preparesnuts,the bread,following:cheese,Ice

lowpitched humming and the train creamsmilks, sandwichand sherbets,spreads,babyfruitfoods,buttersnut andbutterssauces,and would come into view. There was creamed corn, relishes, snow cones, plus many other

no change in the officers who healthfulIt is easilydishes.cleaned and quality built. Design and

patrolled the station. guaranteeLake is $149.95.unequaled.Terms Theavailableprice atF.O.B.$10 perNorthmonth.Salt He looked at his watch again. As Earn yours with our referral program. Write or call:

he did so the humming of the rails Champion Juicer Distributors—P. O. Box 296

E. So. 300 3596988—Phone:began. 123

Salt Lake, North Utah The same guards were on the (4 miles North of Salt Lake84054City) platform. If he began to whistle

when the train stopped, they would to see to Whot—stay Where Rates—seize before ten him taken he had Your itinerary complete planned.

steps. felt helpless, yet and He inbound for the AIR RAIL BY - - - BUS CAR terrible a urgency.side was Hotel accommodations rates, and Suddenly, his head jerked in the shows, guided tours of New York City. BroadwayAll types

direction of the tracks. He could andinformationindividualandprograms.rates at the Fair. Package plans

hear the grinding noise of the For Free Brochure and Information wheels, but no train had come into WRITE BOX 43, Provo, Utah view around the bend. He whirled CHRISTOPHERSON TRAVEL

El- 5-8182in the other direction. This was a sjdsL Salt Lake:train coming from the west. This Provo: FR 3-5310

was only the second time since he had begun his watch for the trains Manning Meadow Ranch Camp that one had come from this direcBOYS24ANDHourGIRLSSupervisionAGES 9-15 FOR THE FAMILY - RIDING HORSEBACK SWIMMINGtion. ONE FOLD SHEPHERD AND ONE - EXPLORING - COOKOUTS

Stuart Ferguson Thomas $4.95 BRYCE FISH - LAKE by He saw an officer hastily push FISHING CANYON

open the door of the communicaSEND FOR BROCHURE CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING tion room and shout an order at the MARION PAXTONMonroe, Utah by Beverly Romney Cutler...paper $1.00

guards on the platform. The offi-...cloth 1.95

cers inside the station the and men Bind ERAs 1964 Your OF THE CASE BOOK OF MORMON WITNESSES allpatrolling the platform ran with in looseleaf an form Eldin Ricks by $1.50

hastily train the toward and only binder $2.50 ERA - IMPROVEMENT

climbed aboard. Evidently their at1964 Indexes free with binders OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO.

Order from Box 6137 Sugar House Station

City, Salt Lake Utah 84106 ERA THE IMPROVEMENT L.D.S. at bookstores everywhere

State, Utah 84111 Available Salt Lake City, 79 South

APRIL 1965 349 WORLD'S FAIR -APRIL TO OCTOBER1965 tention was needed on an urgent Use Salesmanship on Children

Individual Both and matter. They were all out of sight (Continued from page 301)

Tours Group train. inside the

FOUR TOURS TO WORLD'S FAIR And then Merrill heard the rails to issue loud commands in tones of

AND LDS PAGEANT humming again and knew the resentment. Unfriendly approaches

16 DaysJuly 17Aug. 1 $245,00 train was coming from the east. He create defensive attitudes while on 22 14 299.50 Days—July 22Aug.

29 DaysJuly 24Aug. 19 345.00 breathed a prayer of thanks and the other hand, a smile and a pleas29 Days—July 11 -Aug. 8 345.00 crouched ready to dash for the ant voice breaks down resistance.

the platform train the moment Children should feel to able be they Days JUNE 52 stopped. verse had Which he won't AUGUST By Air or Ship in hot be water because one EUROPE EUROPE SEPTEMBER last time, whistled he wondered. or parents both got the out wrong

HAWAII - MONTHLY Why was he thinking of such a side of the bed. They should feel

TOURS trivial thing? What did the verse appreciated just as adults want

matter? to feel.

Margaret Lund Tours "Let him be on this train,"he A salesman knows he must make as prayed the train lumbered 23rd East South 3021 a positive is to sell. approach if he

P. 2065 Box O. around the bend and began to slow Yet parents constantly use City, Salt negative Utah Lake 84109

5-2444 for station. the HU - AM 2-2337 down approaches. their favorite One of Falls 5222581 Idaho began running He is "Don't!"for the first words Children are

car even before the train had combombarded with this word. I once

watched a of the very good example SPECIAL OAKLAND TEMPLE breathpletely ofstopped.air intoHehis gulpedlungs anda deepbepositive as approach two young

IMPROVEMENT ERAS gan whistling. Something made him mothers put their children out to

"Stay Now available again! putas theyspecialwereurgencyexpelledintofromthehisnoteslips playin theeachyard oneor onadmonishing,the sidewalk."

sent and fullthrough the open windows of remarkable 25 pages first The mother her watched car. of the color pictures and many special child. It in the played yard, then

this hard "Though journey to you the articles sidewalk, on temple temples on then and and wandered is This appear—"probably may the to street. the mother The immework last chance, thought. he

it diately to raiswent without and there cars only were or two 40c each 50c each for more Now ing her voice or excited, getting left. copies 10 than

spanked the child lightly, and said, "Tis better far for us to strive our

The Improvement useless cares—""Stay on the sidewalk."She reOne more car. And any moment peated this process three times and

lesson then the firmly implanted was guards the would from come 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the single, a without "Don't!"train other into and take him

custody. The other mother yelled from the

"Do this, and joy your hearts will house, "Don't you go out on that

ESPECIALLY FOR YOU! swell."street!"The child went repeatedly,

Lingerie with sleeves displayAgain Merrill felt failure and only to be yelled at with more ing the elegance ofsf#nt.imodesty. fatigue begin to engulf him. "Don'ts."He never learned the lesSee Your Suddenly, behind him on the son because the suggestion was

Dealer. platform he heard the thump of negative and mother's voice could

Write something heavy. He jerked around so easily be ignored.

or Call 'LIN GERIE to see a barrage of brief cases and A child should be allowed to 2511 So. West Ample 4862359 battered luggage hit the worn present his reasons for his behavior

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115 planks of the platform. And from in clear, logical tones without anger

the windows of the second car or excitement. During this presentaback, darksuited fellows spilled tion, a parent should not look disIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS out. And there was Larry. gusted or sigh over objections any

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Merrill rushed back and began more than a salesman does. He

sore throat and other minor mouth luggagegatheringasuphe theyelledbriefinstructions.cases and mustcalmness.answerThiseachimmediateobjectionanswerwith

and throat irritations. Larry and the other elders followed keeps things in the open and does

HALLS REMEDY hehimledwithoutthem greetingwith runningor questionstridesas benot shownlead tothroughresentmenthostility.which can

Salt Lake City, Utah away from the station. Head salesmen who have others

Perhaps the habit of five days working under them know that they was so strong that the reaction was must make corrections without beautomatic, for as they hurried along littling the corrected person. The

the street the he found words of the same is true in families. Parents third stanza of the running hymn

through his mind. should be sure first that a correction

is, If it necessary. the correction "Though hard to you this journey is JEWELRY CO.

in should private to avoid be made appear, DA 2-1039 may 42WEST2ND. SOUTH

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH Grace shall be as your day."resentment. The parent should be

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Welcome to matterof-fact. Ridicule, scorn or might well ask himself: one ofSLC's

threats are offensive to children and 1—Do I talk too much and give finer places

do not win cooperation. Give the unnecessary orders or threats I have to stay

child a chance to comment. Answer no intention of carrying out? TEMPLE SQUARE

him on an encouraging note. Each 2—Do I appear to be a sort of top

child needs to be handled differently. sergeant who barks out orders?

The stubborn type won't be 3—Do I lean on the word, "Don't"?

changed by argument, the slow 4—'Do I try to force respect? HOTEL I think time to flare given easily?type too must be up 5—Do Shops Modern Dining Rooms

* Televition *Coffee Airand conditioned is child sensitive I out,things the lot? a argue $6.00 Double* * up 6—Do $8 Twins SI 0.00 up up 00

Teletype accepted Reservations colled 801521-2405* the criticism,easily and hurt orders to get things Role*. Singlet repeat by 7—Do I

timid child may be too shy to tell done?

how he feels while the bold child 8—Do I respect my child's right

may be impatient of your complaints. to privacy?

Salesmen are expected to make 9—Do I realize that I am training

periodic checks of themselves. Parone who may become one of the FREE Drive inParking 3552961phone

ents might well do likewise. Followworld's great when I shall be proud Also free parking at any Grant Auto Park in town.

ing are some questions a parent to say, "That is my child."

SPECIALIZING IN

GENEALOGY PRINTING Family Group Sheets

Histories I CAME TO SING Family. 4THE SONG Picture Pedigrees

Old Manuscripts Birth Certificates Wills, etc.

Compare Our High Quality, Low Prices

RICHARD L. EVANS and OneDay Service

PROFESSIONAL Two lines from Tagore come to mind as a subject for this season: "The

song that I came to sing remains unsung.... I have spent my days in PRINTING SERVICE

stringing and in unstringing my instrument."1 Stringing and unstringing 163 East 2nd South

our instruments—taking out and putting away—going through motions, Salt Lake City, Utah

routine—skimming the surface and not getting down, at least not enough, Cecil A. Carr, Owner Ph. 3597732

to the real thought, to the real schooling of ourselves, to the real facing of facts, to the real work, the real substance, the real service, to the real purpose and performance of life. As time passes, and as its passing is

of seasons, the question cycle the but bymarked we cannot how much FREE JOB PLACEMENT trivial. that is hard, is, constructive to the our Thinking timewe give

thinking. Learning is hard, learning beneath the surface, learning in deep FOR "LD"GRADUATES

dimension. Living is hard, disciplined living, with standards, principles, If you are planning a

purpose, with consistency and following through. But life is much more business career but do not

than the motions and needs of the moment, more than merely putting in have the time or money for time, more than merely getting by, more than the perfunctory or reluctant fourwrite foryearsa freeof college,catalog filling of assignments. We must look beyond the surface, beyond the today.

mere seeming to be, to the real substance—to adding to, to increasing Mr. L. A. Saunders

knowledge, to serving, to searching and not fearing to search, to finding

Business College little to look, LDS fearing face the short facts—looking andand not beyond

E. So. 411 Temple -

little talk, trivial itself little circle that repeats the beyond thebeyond Salt City, Lake Utah repenting, improving, knowing better, doing better, being better, with 1 i, high principles and high purpose. There is a song for each of us to I"| r'rvnpjtp-.;

sing, a song of great significance, as the cycle moves through the swift seasons. To turn again to Tagore: "Yes, we shall really go on living,"he

said. "Then... if we are going to go on living, we must make our life

worth its eternity,"2 and not sadly come to say: "The song that I came

to sing remains unsung.... I have spent my days in stringing and in unstringing my instrument."1 i i hiAliiHii

Gitanjali, Tagore,aRahindranath CATTLE RANCH vii. LOCATED ON A

Introduction.2Ibid., The Cycle of Spring:

in the valleys of high mountain "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia 7/9 fishing,Utah. Horsesswimming,and.22trapping,rifles, plusroBroadcasting System, December 27, 1964. Copyright 1964. deos, pack trips, etc. Coed. Opermissionaries, returned

of are of graduates fourwhom fSY"j(9 threeatedB.Y.U.by capacity. boy/girl 24

12202 Loma Drive, Whittier, Calif.

APRIL 1965 3SI The Inspired Revision of mill; the one taken and the other voice of one crying in the wilderthe Bible left."(Ibid., 24:4648, Inspired ness, Prepare ye the way of the

(Continued from page 305) Translation. Lord, and make his paths straight.

Just whom the Savior is quoting For behold, and lo, he shall come, believed him: and ye, when ye had is not given, but the passage ceras it is written in the book of the

seen it, repented not afterward, that tainly has the effect of making it a prophets, to take away the sins of ye might believe him. quotation, rather than an original the world, and to bring salvation

statement by Jesus. unto the heathen nations, to gather

Inspired Revision Since it seems that these Old together those who are lost, who are

Matt. 21:3234. For John came Testament writings to which Jesus of the sheepfold of Israel;

unto you in the way of righteousmade reference were had by those Yea, even the dispersed and afness, and bore record of me, andye to whom he was then speaking, yet flicted; and also to prepare the way,

believed him not; but the publicans are not in our present Bibles, it is and make possible the preaching of

and the harlots believed him; and evident that our scriptures are even the gospel unto the Gentiles;

ye, afterward, when ye had seen less complete than we may have And to be a light unto all who sit me, repented not, that ye might supposed. in darkness, unto the uttermost

believe him. The Inspired Translation of Luke parts of the earth; to bring to pass

For he that believed not John contains a lengthy quotation that the resurrection from the dead, and concerning me, cannot believe me, seems to be from Isaiah as quoted to ascend up on high, to dwell on except he first repent. by John the Baptist. This passage, the right hand of the Father,

And except ye repent, the preachmissing from the King James verUntil the fulness of time, and the ing of John shall condemn you in sion, speaks of many details of law and the testimony shall be the day of judgment.... Christ's mission and of his coming sealed, and the keys of the kingdom

in the day of judgment. We quote shall be delivered up again unto

Close relation between Jesus at length: the Father;

and the prophets. Several textual To administer justice unto all;

changes disclose the filial and inKing James Version to come down in judgment upon timate relationship that exists beLuke 3:4-5. As it is written in the all, and to convince all the ungodly

tween Jesus and his prophets. He book of the words of Esaias the of their ungodly deeds, which they

spoke in the most favorable manner prophet, saying, The voice of one have committed; and all this in the

concerning them. The text just crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye day that he shall come;

quoted emphasizes that so close is the way of the Lord, make his paths For it is a day of power; yea,

the relationship of the servants with straight. every valley shall be filled, and

their Master that rejection of the Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be prophets is cause for repentance, every mountain and hill shall be brought low;...

for in so doing one also rejects brought low;...

Christ. Thus the text of the Inspired

An interesting addition found in Inspired Revision Translation gives a wider range of the Inspired Translation states that Luke 3:4-10. As it is written in subject matter to the writings of the

when John was put in prison Jesus the book of the prophet Esaias; and prophets than is evident from the

"sent angels, and, behold, they these are the ivords, saying, The King James version. It also speaks

came and ministered unto him."well of John the Baptist's knowl-

(Matt. 4:11.) The King James veredge of the entire mission of Christ.

sion says nothing about angels visitSummary. The impact of the Ining, John while he was in prison. spired Translation is to be a more

The passage manifests Jesus'love SPRING SONG complete and convincing witness to and high regard for John and also the perfect character of Jesus Christ demonstrates Jesus'power, for he BY ELEANOR ALLETTA CHAFFEE and of his divine appointment to sent angels as he willed. minister among men. In addition,

Additional writings by the prophApril buttons down the grass the text strongly upholds the prophets. Certain passages which in the With dandelions, and in the glass ets in their work of bearing testiKing James version appear to have Of ponds and puddles April's sky mony of the Savior and shows

been original with Jesus are shown Reflects white, fluffy clouds on strong attachments between Jesus by the Inspired Translation to be high. and the prophets. Of particular inquotations from the writings of an terest is Jesus'high regard for John

earlier prophet. This is perfectly in April decorates the trees the Baptist.

order, for our Savior often quoted With tender leaves, and April's Much of the contribution made from the words of the prophets. breeze by the Inspired Revision on these

Said Jesus: Whispers to the sleeping flowers, matters consists in the emphasis

"Then shall be fulfilled that "Waken to the sunny hours!"given to principles already in the

which is written, that, In the last Bible, although some things endays, April's rain is gentle, sweet; tirely new are also presented.

"Two shall be in the field; the April's touch is light and fleet. (The final instalment will discuss

one shall be taken and the other April stays so short a time, the value of the Prophet's work left. Yet leaves the world a singing with the Bible and its use as a

"Two shall be grinding at the rhyme. reference book.)

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Y 7 ) THE ERA OF YOUTH V APRIL 1905

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Y 7 J V

The message, the messenger, and the mission... words

with unique meaning in your life. Your generation is carrying

the message—the word of the Lord. Among you are the special

messengers of today and the real role players of tomorrow.

Yours isn't just a time of preparing for the future of service.

You are the generation with a mission to perform now.

You may be ready for a formal call to a particular field of labor, or serving in youth missionary activities at home—either way you are

in the picture. As a student, a summer worker, a helper at camp

or a tender of tots, there are those to touch that only you can reach. To bring truth and awareness, light and understanding

and a new knowledge of God and his Son to those who haven't know them is the message and the mission of your generation.

L Y 7 Y 7 V J HEALTH

\L Y 7

Missionary work is extremely demanding and imposes heavy physical and emotional strains. One

who is preparing for a mission call should be thinking of this.

A missionary who is not well cannot do the work, and his companion and others and the work itself all suffer serious interference. In many cases

we can do something about improving our health.

Ask yourself these questions:

Do you have any serious problems with your health?

Can you work steadily and energetically over a prolonged period?

Do you understand and practise sound basic principles of nutrition, hygiene, sleep, and exercise?

Is your weight about what it should be?

Have you ever had a severe nervous or emotional disturbance or disorder?

Do you like people and enjoy being with them?

Are you sincerely, genuinely interested in others?

Can you accept them as they are, love them, and want to share your blessings with them?

In accepting ourselves and in accepting, appreciating, and serving our Father's other children, we are showing our love for him.

This is one of the most important ways to be preparing to serve the Lord. Make and follow

good health habits, and learn, by practice, to love and serve your fellow men.

in the most special Youstars—butare God's child. Like the sun and moon and sense—you

are God's "creation."You have a right and a reason

to be here. And unlike the sun, moon, and stars,

you are an agent; you can think and decide and act.

\ I \ ( L A L A Y 7 ) V WORTHINESS

Personal cleanliness and a clear conscience Do you understand the principle of repentance?

are indispensable for missionary happiness and Have you been honest and honorable in your effectiveness. You must make no mistake about that. relationships with others?

And there can be no clear conscience for Do you respect, honor, and obey the law?

any of us without sincere repentance and conduct Are you thoroughly converted to the Word of Wisdom?

which is consistent with our high callings Are you living it conscientiously, happily?

and holy professions. Are you dependable? Is your word important to you?

Do you understand what it means to be morally clean? Do you keep your promise?

Are you morally clean? Will you follow counsel, accept instruction,

Have you ever been guilty of conduct which you obey established rules?

understand to be immoral or improper or All these questions will help you assess your questionable? If so, have you followed the program worthiness. If you are not worthy, now is the time

of the Lord in making things right? to get yourself ready!

L Y 7 Y 7 K. J V EDUCATION

y*. L A Y 7 J UV The Lord has not chosen to call his servants exclusively from among the highly educated and specially trained. Whereas men might be

inclined to concern themselves with the "countenance"(or perhaps the academic credentials) of a man, the story of the choosing of David teaches us that the Lord "looketh on the heart."

(1 Sam. 16:7.)

When Christ selected those who were to walk and work with him in establishing his program on the earth, he went among simple, unsophisticated men. But those whom he chose were not weaklings;

they were men of strong minds and strong characters, whose hearts could be educated to his way and the way and will of his Father.

Repeatedly in the era of restoration, the Lord has encouraged his followers to educate their minds and hearts. He has established broad fields of

legitimate inquiry. (D&C 88:7779; 90:15; 93:53.)

And he has done this, he says, "That ye may be prepared in all things when I shall send you again to magnify the calling whereunto I have called you, and the mission with which I have commissioned you."(Ibid., 88:80.)

How is your educational preparation?

How much formal schooling have you had?

Did you do well in your studies? Do you love to learn?

Can you read well? Can you memorize efficiently?

Do you read? Are you regularly storing

your mind with scriptures, wholesome thoughts, worthwhile poems?

Have you had any training or experience in a foreign language?

While the Lord does not choose his servants because of their formal academic training or degrees, a missionary who is alert and informed and educated and whose heart and mind and spirit are attuned to the Lord and his will is in an excellent position to succeed in his sacred commission.

y L L 1 Y 7 V SPIRITUALITY

God's truth can be known only through the Spirit Do you acknowledge your faults and troubles to him of the Lord. This is the only way anyone can and then seek to increase your faith and overcome

understand the gospel. Theologians who deal with your weaknesses?

the learned language and complex ideas of their Do you attend your meetings regularly? Do you

profession but who do not have the Spirit cannot practise controlling your mind while there, possibly know truth which can only come being prayerful, meditating?

through that Spirit. When you partake of the Sacrament of the Lord's

The humblest servant of God can know the truth Supper, are you worshiping?

through the Spirit. Do you take part whenever asked and volunteer

With all other preparations, therefore, the most when someone is needed?

important readiness for any agent of the Master Are you negative and critical about others, is to be in tune with the Spirit. especially those who have accepted heavy

You have learned to "say your prayers."Do you pray responsibilities and are trying to fulfil them?

often, "with real intent,"talking with the Lord Do you support your bishop and all others who lead?

thoughtfully and humbly and gratefully? Do you really love your Heavenly Father

Do you find your "closet"or "secret place"and talk and his Holy Son?

out loud with the Lord? Have you told him what Do you truly try to serve him and keep his

you want and want to be and want to do? commandments?

L ) V

J—v Y y ) FINANemL v GOMPETENGE L n: r

Sv J V

Along with all other costs, the cost of doing missionary work has risen sharply in recent years.

Much more money is required to sustain a missionary than was previously needed. This very

important consideration, therefore, needs the careful attention and preparation of every person who contemplates filling a mission.

Parents and families and prospective missionaries should be thinking and planning and saving well in advance.

Do you and your parents know how much a mission will cost?

Are you sensitive and mature enough to use frugally the sacred funds committed to missionary work by others?

Are you earning and saving at least part of the money needed to sustain you on a mission?

Are your parents able and planning to help you?

Will there be other sources of income to which you may look for help?

Do you appreciate the value of money?

Can you budget? Do without? Make do? Do over?

The Church expects that every missionary family will supply at least part of the support for its missionary. This is vitally important for the family

and for the missionary and for the work.

Missionary work is a labor of love and unselfishness and derives no small part of its efficacy from the sacrifice and devotion of the people.

It would be well if every missionary were able to support himself at least in part by funds he had earned himself and had saved for that special purpose.

If you are not ready financially, now is the time to prepare!

N ( J. k Y 7 DESIRE

One who honorably fulfils a calling as a missionary Are you ready and willing to "seek first the must want to do the work and succeed in it. kingdom of God"? to be set apart for a time

So, examine yourself—do you really want to go from the normal pursuits and ambitions and

on a mission? associations of your life? to give your whole heart,

Do you have a testimony that this is the Lord's work, mind, strength, and loyalty to the sacred cause?

that it is vital for all men, and that it is your Will you commit yourself for the rest of your life personal responsibility to see that others to the high standards of responsibility and devotion have a chance to hear the message? expected of one who has been a missionary?

Do you know how to work, to endure discouragements If the answers are affirmative, your foundation is and disappointments and adverse circumstances firm; if they are not, it is time

courageously and maturely? for you to prepare!

L V 7 V PREPARATION

L Y 7 ) V s> One cannot teach that which one does not know. study the life of Jesus Christ?

The messengers of the Lord go into the world Did you or do you attend seminary? institute?

to teach and testify and share the light of the gospel. Have you been active in your quorums and

They must know what they are talking about. auxiliary organizations?

Have you earnestly studied the gospel and prayed for Do you know how to study? Do you know how to listen?

a personal witness of its truthfulness? Have you Can you organize a sermon or a lesson?

earnestly "searched,""knocked,""asked,"Do you read regularly and "sought"? Have you made a serious personal effort listen perceptively?

to understand the principles of salvation? Are you prepared to teach the gospel and testify

How much have you read of the history of the Church? intelligently of its principles? A missionary must be.

Have you ever made a serious, sustained effort to If you are not prepared, now is the time!

*N L V 7 J V

y L Dear Sir, You have asked why I served on a mission for my psychologically planned exceptional home where each

Church when I could have been finding a husband or project is organized to achieve a specific result. Such

touring the world. Because I know that you have been organization is commendable; but though my parents

studying the concepts of our religion and admire our have had strong concepts of what was right and people, I would like to answer that question. I've wrong for us, they found there was little need and

found a short, precise answer unsatisfactory. Please even less time to invent busy time—or play time.

bear with my lengthy explanation. There was always something being done in our home

I have felt, and been grateful, that my home life or on the nearby farm, and everyone was involved.

has been somewhat exceptional. It has not been a Eight children, friends, and cousins scurrying

through the old twostory, brick house elicited more Before this first missionary era of our family was than one protest from visitors who weren't in a posicompleted, five mission families stayed in our home tion to appreciate this involvement. "Too many! Too for extended periods of time. Many more have

noisy! Too much!"they complained. dropped in to visit an hour, a day, or a week as their

The most common comparison was Grand Central travel schedule in Zion permitted. We wouldn't trade

Station, but a more accurate description would have the association we've had with these wonderful people been that of a beehive. Beneath all the confusion, for a fortune.

much was accomplished. When we organized to pull Our second missionary era began as Vilate gradutogether, we could "move mountains,"and we ocated from Brigham Young University. Harvey, who

casionally did. We could sing as hard as we could fell heir to the honor agewise, had been sidework. The Broughs reared the biggest voices in town, tracked by the Korean War and marriage. (We're

and when all of us tried to sing above Pearl's piano, confident that he will fill a mission sooner or later.

the heavens shook, and the neighbors closed their It will probably be later, as a wife and two children windows. Somewhere near the bottom of our family would be more difficult to transfer than Benny's black

assembly, trying to remember the words, I swelled trunk.) Vilate left for the Gulf States Mission amid

with love and pride for my laughing kind and their financial difficulties at home. We were trying to

enthusiastic music. adjust to a shift from farming to construction, and the

Bernarlo, my eldest brother, was called to the West way was rough. Her expenses were shared by everyGerman Mission while I was in the fifth grade. He one in the family with an income. Their money was

was properly congratulated and wept over. World well spent. She did a good job.

War II had ended but a few years before, and it was Evelyn and I were still claiming dependency at

Mother's belief that he would certainly starve to death BYU. Vilate's letters started the old missionary

in a battletorn land. A large black trunk was secured, adrenaline pumping again. Three of my roommates

and we spent hours running helpful errands while left for missions and were in love with their work.

Mother packed prepared gelatin, potted meats, I toured the Far East with a BYU drama departcanned vegetables, and other goodies tightly into its ment USO show, and we met missionaries and vast interior. Carrying his two years'supply with him, members everywhere. All were thrilled with the system

he left Utah in one of the heavy snow storms of 1949. and were thankful for their part in it. I came home

Later, five more of us were to serve missions, and with my sights set on a mission to Hong Kong, but each returning missionary has wondered how Benny I knew I would go where I was called.

ever made a transfer with that black triumph of The first Sunday Vilate was home, Bishop Bowman

Atlas to pull off and on buses, trains, motorcycles, welcomed her back into the ward and asked me if I'd taxis, etc. like to go on a mission. I had a contract to teach in

Mom worried about his health, his success with the Gunnison until June. Before June arrived, Evelyn had

language, and numerous other dangers a mother can been called to the North British Mission, so we held fear for a son so far from home. She read each of his our farewell testimonials together.

letters to us as it came. He often sent Vilate, Evelyn, I was called to the Spanish American Mission. This

and me special notes with sketches of his beloved delighted me for the mission president, Melvin R.

horses in the margins. Brooks, had been my bishop in the BYU Eighth Ward.

We returned his notes with exaggerated tales of Working with him and President Ralph Brown was an how hard we were working herding the cows while he experience I wouldn't have thought possible if I hadn't was gone. It was true. We "Three Little Girls"did lived it. I know they are men of God, and I love them

help Daddy take the dairy herd down the Farmington and their families very much. Such powers of love,

Lane to the barn each evening. However, we didn't conviction, and authority as they possess cannot be

consider it work. To the contrary, we were proud to stayed. Such leadership as they exhibit compels the

help fill the void Benny had left in the chores departwork to go forward and builds better men of the fine ment, and those evening romps were the highlight of young missionaries under their jurisdiction. The

each day. Church has chosen the best men in the world to direct

Before Benny returned home, Becky had been this work.

assigned to the Great Lakes Mission, and Jimmy My companions, our friends among the members, was serving in the Eastern States Mission. We never and our beloved and precious contacts (the nonmemheard the folks complain. I always thought we were ber families we were privileged to teach) are

getting richer because we had three of them who wrapped and preserved by their sweet spirits in the didn't eat at home. warmest corners of my memory. The people of Mexican extraction are good, honest, warmhearted, and portant member of the missionary team is the Holy

generous. It was a privilege to be associated with Ghost, and without him, no man is converted. I

them in any way and a rare blessing to become gained enthusiasm for missionary work and learned part of their culture even for a short time. For me, the gospel of Jesus Christ from my parents, Sunday

Espanola, Albuquerque, Del Rio, and San Antonio School, seminary, and university religion teachers.

have become magical names of magical cities, and I dare not underestimate their value to me. However,

nothing can give me greater pleasure than spotting I would like to refer to incidents in my life where the familiar face of a former Spanish American teachings were not through the spoken word.

missionary in a crowded room. Even if it were possible to put such an experience

The Church asks every member to be a missionary, down in written symbols, I would hesitate to relate the to share testimonies, to "cast your bread upon the following because it is difficult to comprehend such water...."Every missionary will tell you that sharing an experience in the life of another, and no man can

a testimony involves more than two. The most imunderstand in its entirety a message, a testimony,

that was fitted and formed to meet one individual's needs. Each of us tends to hold our sacred moments

to us, nurture them, and reap their fruits. At times

we try to pluck out that part which may benefit others and do our best to air it justly.

The spiritual conviction that I was associating with a church which was literally the Church of Jesus

Christ must have had a beginning, but I am quite unable to pinpoint it in memory. Trying to locate a

starting point for belief in God and his teachings is as difficult as trying to determine the second the morning begins by watching the sky. Therefore, join

one on a rainy day in Salt Lake City.

Vilate and I had left the Lake Shore bus station and were stepping double time up South Temple in an effort to narrow the difference between the time we were expected at the old McCune School of Music and the time we would arrive. Vilate was dragging Elmer,

a violin whose battered canvas cover had been painted with Shmootype features.

With faces bent away from the rain and minds ticking off the guilty seconds, we could have easily not noticed him at all. But there he was, tall, straightbacked, his head erect and glowing with silver curls,

damp and wispy. My eyes had too little time to observe the rear appearance of this remarkable person

when I silently apologized, "Excuse me, sir, you're being passed."We automatically split to each side,

and a few quick steps reversed our positions and gave the gentleman our backs to consider.

"Vilate, did, you see him?"I whispered.

"Eleanor,"she looked horrified at my audacity, "that was President McKay."

What can you do when you're thirteen and a prophet is walking behind you? I didn't know. I guess

Vilate didn't know either, for we didn't do anything.

In the hours and days that followed, I wished a thousand times that we'd turned around, looked into his face, asked to shake his hand.

Later, television put his face before me twice a year at conference time. It is possible to learn much

watching a face. One afternoon something knocked

on my heart's door and filled it with warmth and recognition. The sun was up. There were no doubts.

The congregation rose to sing, and I joined them with a half hum and a humble heart, "We Thank Thee,

God, for a Prophet."I had been told that he was a

prophet, but at that moment, I knew for myself.

(That same warmth and recognition filled me to overflowing as I later read the Book of Mormon.)

Kathleen, Pearl's oldest daughter, was five years old and had received all the love and attention due an only grandchild with doting parents and seven unmarried aunts and uncles>Stie was feted as reigning queen on every visit. We spoiled her. We protected us. Each time we sing "God so loved the world that

her. We loved her. he gave his only Begotten Son...."I realize once

"Kathleen is going to die. The doctor says there is again that each of us can claim a pure, personal love

no hope."These words sent me into hysterics. from our Heavenly Parent.

The following days were difficult for everyone. It would be nicer to say that there my troubles

"Aunt Mary has called Elder Matthew Cowley. He is ended, but more truthful to admit that they had just

going to administer to her."begun. Many of these trials existed only in my mind.

"The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away."Many have been eliminated. However, I sometimes

"If she lives, she will have brain damage. Do you gave up too soon and failed to overcome a problem

want your child to live and never know you?"completely. Occasionally, I detoured and salvaged a

"Her name has been put in the prayer circle at half victory. The battles I really feared usually ended

the temple."in my favor because I always asked for his help with

"If the Lord spares her life, he will spare her them. He might have helped me oftener, but at times

mind,"resolved her parents, secure in the knowl- I have assumed he wasn't interested in my trivia. I

edge that God is omnipotent. have even convinced myself on occasion that he

The doctors conceded that she was a miracle. doesn't really care what I do in this instance or that.

Because of the power of the priesthood, her parents'Foolish girl! My forgetter works better than my

faith, and the many prayers offered in her behalf, memory.

she lived. Her mind did not immediately grasp all that I filled a mission because I was taught respect

it had known before, but the recovery road was steady and love for the work in my home, because I had and all uphill. Today she wonders if such a thing seen the joy it brought into the lives of converts and

could have happened. missionaries, but most of all, because my Father in

God does have a royal priesthood, authorized to heaven loves me, and I wanted to show, in my inact in his name. Kathleen's experience makes it adequate way, that I love him.

reasonable to believe so, but even without my poor King Benjamin, a Book of Mormon prophet, told ability to reason, I could not deny the power of that his people, "... if ye should serve him with all your

priesthood, faith, and prayer. Quiet understanding whole souls yet ye would be unprofitable servants."

had slowly replaced hysteria, and I knew my Teacher. (Mosiah 2:21.)

Prayer has always been a common occurrence in I wish I could claim that I had served with my our home. We always knelt together, and when we "whole soul."I haven't. I'm still very much in his

were small, Mama helped those who still had trouble debt. My mission must not be an end of my service.

forming their ideas. One night she knelt beside me There is much work to be done among the Saints

while I parroted the simple prayer she gave. Before here at home. Perhaps it will be my good fortune to

we had finished, a tremendous idea occurred to me. help with the work here. However, it is my continued

Why didn't we ask Him to make me skinny? prayer that someday I might be able to serve again

A fat baby who becomes a fat child and grows into in the mission field. I want to serve free of the many

a fat young lady has more to cry about than bruised shackles of immaturity that make the complete, unknees and pulled pigtails. My first independent prayselfish service King Benjamin recommended imposers requested a simple transformation, and the resible. I want to serve with my "whole soul."

quest for help never ceased. I know that missionary work is God's work and that

As a teenager I did something which has since it is directed by a prophet who holds all the keys of chastened me. I scolded him with bitter tears for all the Holy Priesthood. I know that only through the

the years of unanswered prayers about my weight. redeeming blood of Jesus Christ, the literal Son of

I should have turned my bitterness on myself, for he the Eternal Father, is salvation possible. And because

had given me the powers to solve my problem. It was he has taught it, I know that only through faith,

I who failed to coordinate and use that which 1 repentance, and a baptism enacted by the priesthood, already had. can the world's honest men ever hope to return to the

"Why?"I cried to him. "Why?"Then, in the depths presence of our Father in heaven. The Mormon

of those miserable pits of selfpity, I experienced a missionaries are the hope of the world. God bless

most tender and significant lesson, and those silent them.

moments of communication have meant more to me Does all this help you, sir, to understand why my than any other single experience of my life. We are mission means so much to me?

children of God, and he loves us. Sometimes he gives Sincerely yours,

us difficulties to make us strong, but he does love Eleanor Brough

To My Mission President

By Dennis Rasmussen

Dear President:

The two years that looked long when I arrived are just standard works but precious glimpses into life gone. In retrospect, they seem only a few short and its deepest meaning. My heart thrilled at the

months, yet they have encompassed the choicest words, "This is the Church of Jesus Christ."

feelings and experiences of my life. I wish so much You taught me what it means to approach the

that I could remain in the mission field, but the joys, Father in yearning prayer and how to recognize the blessings, and spiritual glimpses of my mission have warm Spirit that whispers to the soul, "I am listengiven me an anchor for the future. They are my own ing."I know now that to have that Spirit always is

cherished experiences, and their memory will bring life's greatest privilege and that its presence quickrichness, strength, inspiration, and gratitude ens every facet of righteous living with an influence always. that is a foretaste of celestial joy.

As my time of returning home approaches, I think The realization that I now see overarching my enabout the question, "What influence in my mission tire mission and that has reached the deepest into has affected my life most profoundly?"My answer is: my heart was expressed first in your words and then

the life of my mission president. You once wrote, confirmed countless times in the events of my life as

President, "The human mediator, the influence of a a missionary. You said during an interview, "Elder,

dynamic life, is what finally inspires."I know, from you will be called upon to labor in situations which

my own life, that this is true. Even the gospel itself you are not used to, which the world would call 'hopeis not just "the gospel."It is the gospel of Jesus less'or 'worthless.'But whenever you begin thinking

Christ. It is in the Savior's own life that his gospel, you are working under opposition or among those

his divine plan, finds the most beautiful and powerful who appreciate neither you nor your message, reexpression. Your influence, your example, your life, member this: Jesus Christ did."

has been the key that has opened my soul to the deep I know, President, that the minor hardships that and lasting joy of serving the Lord. we face should remind us again and again of how

When I came to the mission field, I thought I had much more the Son of God suffered, and struggled, a testimony. And I did. But it was based upon limited and overcame—for us.

experience with the sources of spiritual awareness. The influence of your life, President, has brought

There were parts of the gospel which I believed were me nearer the influence of the Lord Jesus Christ.

true and real but which I had never known for myself. It is for this more than anything else that I am

Watching you, listening to your counsel, kneeling with grateful.

you in prayer, feeling your love for the Lord and for I love you and honor you for what you have done all of us, your missionaries—these were the experifor me, and for what you are. May the Lord continue

ences from which I forged a burning, living testimony. to bless you in your labors, as you bless the lives of

As I applied what you taught us, onceabstract printhose who labor with you.

ciples of the gospel were transformed into radiant, Love and blessings, enlightening realities. The scriptures became not A Grateful Missionary

7. Confident smile and cheerful countenance. wnimg not 8. Don't sit around when you could pitch in—the

more you do, the better you are.

if they fail 9. Be a leader—test your opinions—

you'll be better off than if you don't try.Adekhood 10. Take care of clothes. Hang up always. Don't

"wear to death,"but take care and keep in

Sometime before Jeffrey L. Anderson left on his repair when you do.

mission, he penned on a small piece of 11. Assure personal cleanliness—shower oftennote paper the following list of personal objectives,

sharp.which was found after he left. haircut—look 12. Keep organized—don't do anything unless

you do it positively and well.

13. Make what you have count—learn to perform

1. Arise at 5:30 am every morning. best through relaxation and alertness.

2. Swim whenever possible as exercise. 14. Make time and study count. The more you do,

3. Do five nice things for people—never "fade."the better you are.

4. Hello to all you out of your way 15. Watch the calorie count—keep trim and know—go

when convenient to help another or exchange exercised.

greetings. Warmth—Radiance. 16. Be a friend and real brother—make people5. Repartee expert—collect good jokes. feel at home with you.

6. At least 30 minutes work at home. 17. Collect good thoughts—keep a note pad handy.

The Last Word

iwAr*'*vy>% -v>..r.i>v* jv*i>v,>.=>w

Every tear is answered by a blossom, Man is a sunroused dreamer,

Every sigh with songs and laughter blent, En route to tomorrow,

Appleblooms upon the breezes toss them, A place he spins out of himself

April knows her own, and is content. Across the emptiness of time

—Susan Coolidge From the gossamers of his imaginings.

"For a man with no experience you're asking a real high wage,"Spring in the world!

said the prospective employer. "Well,"mused the applicant, "the And all things are made new!work's much harder when you don't know what you're doing."—Richard Hovey, Spring

The new income tax forms are The path to cheerfulness is to simple* Uncle Sam merely asks: How sit up cheerfully and to act and

earn? do you much much how do <3 alreadyspeak as there.if cheerfulnessWilliam Jameswere left? come? and you have how

Nature, like man, sometimes weeps for gladness.—Beaconsfield

Woman was taken out of man, Not out of his head to top him,

Not out of his feet to be trampled underfoot;

But out of his side to be equal to him,

Under his arm to be protected,

And near his heart to be loved.

Wisdom is knowing what to do next, Came the Spring with all its splendor, skill is knowing how to do it, All its birds and all its blossoms, and virtue is doing it. All its flowers, and leaves, and grasses.

—David Starr Jordan—Longfellow, "Hiawatha"

The kids have a new way of interpreting report card grades: A = Awful,

B = Bad, C—Correct, D = Darn Good, E = Excellent, and F = Fantastic.

Be thou the rainbow to the storms of life! the We carry within us the

evening beam that smiles the clouds away and wonders we seek withtints tomorrow with prophetic ray!—Byron out. Sir Thomas Browne

!A SUPERB N E W un MASTERPIECE

This magnificent new painting in a Arnold pjBEKQ. now yours y

!gorgeous fullcolor reproduction

The stirring pages of3rd Nephi inspired Strengthen the faith of your family by this superb LMyitielori-cAjit masterpiece having in your home this inspiring picturing the most sublime event in the masterpiece for years to come. By ordering

Book of Mormon. In rich oil colors, the additional prints you will be helping your

world -famed lds artist Arnold Friberg has missionary. And you will bring to your

created a monumental and sacred scene Book of Mormon teaching a living reality culminating in the noble figure of the MA1LTHIS COUPON TODAY resurrected Christ. Here is no weakling,

but a sublime commanding presence, clothed JHC BejHL6H6M PRGSS in majestic and spiritual power that is at 5867 Tolcate Lane Salt Lake City, Utah once both manly and divine. Please"Christ sendAppearingme to the.fullcolorNephites"byUop&l-oner(AirArnold Friberg @prints*25 2 ofea

The superb full -color reproductions are plus 25* postage and handling. Orders to USA only.

of fine art museum Quality. The actual Utah residents add ZYi% sales tax.. Total enclosed $,,

picture size is ll"xl5", plus additional NAME generous white margins, the scriptural ADDRESS

Quotation set below in fine typography CITY STATE

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The permanent key

to the most important

door in your life..

El \zs Tailored to your needs After you've trekked through scores and income of homes, or poured over plans..

Beneficial Life can provide and found just the right one for

Mortgage Insurance tailored to your family, you still have two important decisions to make: your needs and income.

(1) How and where to get Make sure your family will your home financed. always have the home you've

(2) How to provide the householding planned for them—and not just protection that will keep your

family under the same roof, the memory of it. It costs so

no matter what happens to you. little compared with the peace

(Here's where your Beneficial of mind that comes with it.

Life agent can help.)

Dept. E463 Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah I'm planning a home purchase, and would like more information about: BENEFICIAL UFE

Q Beneficial Life Mortgage Insurance

Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Address City State Oyer 600 million life insurance in force