Birthday Greetings to Pres. Heber J. Grant

The Story of a Silkworm The Amazing Argentine And Other Interesting Articles

Poetry Fiction

Departments

Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AND SILVER PLATEDNOW IS THE RIGHT CHROMIUM PLATED

*.-TIME TO ORDER Sacrament

YOUR Trays NOW AVAILABLE Glljrtatmaa THE WATER TRAY These Beautiful Chromium Plated

Sacrament Sets as Illustrated Are Made in Salt Lake, Exclusively For, and Sold Only By Us.

Write For Prices

Call in at any time and MAKE YOUR WARD A make your selection. CHRISTMAS PRESENT OF

SOME NEW TRAYS. You'll like our Cards

The One Xmas Gift that; LET'S PLAY

EDNA GEISTER Always thrills is a

-"GOOD BOOK

*n ml Make This A itook dhrtHtmaa Bell &- Howell's

Write Now For Suggestions For Your HOME

LIBRARY As Well As The Library For Your FILMO

Ward or M. I. A. OrganizaSTRAIGHTtion.

EIGHT

Ask for a List of the WorthThe making of Home

Movies and showing while New Books that are them is a worthwhile

Recommended. hobby. Write for Catalogs.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple St. P. 0. Box 958

Salt Lake City Utah

ENT IMPROVEM

NOVEMBER, 1935 EHM\

EDITORIALS

Our Leader /. A. W. 688

What About Him Now H. R. M. 689

Armistice or Permanent Peace M. C. /. 688

ARTICLES Frontispiece—President Heber J. Grant 658

Birthday Greetings By Presidents J. Reuben Clark, Jr. and David O. McKay 659

The Certain Steps of Progress Dr. John A. Widtsoe 660

A Prayer for Thanksgiving and for Every Day William H. Boyle 662

K. Smith 663 Andrew Boy's Hero A

MILL THE OLD DOWN BY 666 of Pyper Story a D. George The Worm Marshall. Photo by M. 668 in B. Flash. Dr. Sterling Talmage Glimpsed a

Vision Blanche K. McKey 669

Speculations on Polynesian Origin Harold Christensen 672 675 T. Greene Argentine Marc Amazing The Grant, J. Heber

678 Schneider All Other Choice Lands Hyrum Land Above A Widtsoe, John A. 680 Gallery F. Art the Paul George World's Ln Wonder Editors

Harrison R. Merrill, May I Present Marba C. Josephson? Emily H. Bennett 681

Marba C. Josephson, The Challenge of Charm Katie C. Jensen 685

Associate Editors We Don't Vote in Washington Adrian Anderson 690

Books Are Masters - Adah Roberts Naylor 692

Organ of the Priesthood Quo- "I would Not Be in the Majors Today if I Had Continued to Use Tobacco"rums, Mutual Improvement Monte Pearson 700

Associations and Department Tobacco Then and Now J>Jephi Jensen 700 of Education Morris, General Mgr. George Q. FICTION

Beesley, Associate Clarissa A. Clara Perman 664 Mgr. Thanksgiving Spelled With An M Business K. Orton, Mgr. J.

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL ASauceSilverForGirdle—a Number(A Serial,of GandersPart 3) MabelClaireS. S.HarmerNoall 670676 OFFICES

SO North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah Copyright, 1932, by the Young Men's POETRY

Mutual Improvement Association Ye Boston Latin School Blanche K. McKey 669

Corporation of Jesus Church Of the 682 JEleanor Armistice A. Chaffee Day

Saints. Christ All of Latterday Pratt 682 Grace Zenor Sons price, reserved. rights Subscription

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single Forest Ranger's Wife Stanley G. Allen 682

Copy. November Rains Clara Aiken Speer 682

Office, Salt at Entered the Post Cowley 682 Suydam The Day of Returning Nellie

City, secondclass as Utah, Lake 682 Virginia Eggertsen Generations at matter. for mailing Acceptance

special rate of postage provided for I Put On the Night.....Julia W. Wolfe 682

in section 1103, Act 682 Fuller Before a Hearth Fire... Ethel Romig of October, Two

1917 2, 1918. July t authorized 682 Affinity Blixt Trone Maude

From a Hilltop Solveig Paulson 687

The Cigaret's Sermon CharlesGuenther Marquardt 696

The Gift Appropriate NatureModernSpeaksPandora - Catherine L.ElaineM. Horner.JOlLittle 703

AS Christmas approaches the TillerMy Father'sof the SoilHouse M.EdithSchafferE. AndersonConnelly 706710

search for the Gift Appropriate will get under way. We suggest DEPARTMENTS

a subscription to The Improvement Church Moves On 683 Melchizedek—- 696

Eva. Exploring the Universe F. S. H. 684 Aaronic 698

701 Messages Mutual—- Reviews: of loved Book address Send and name 701 Activity Community of the Conquest The Maya will friend or theone and do we 701 - Music—693 C. J. M.rest. If 702 will desired, also Adult send we Akhnaton.... Life of and Time The 702 Seniors—a Christmas card announcing you 693 C. J. M. 702 MenGleaners Mas the donor. 693 Scott Walter C. Young M. J.

- 703 693 Poppins C. Mary J. M. 703 Address Men GleanersM

Lights and 694 Shadows 704 Juniors Improvement Era The to Letter 694 Moroni Olsen Open Girls BeeHive 50 North Main St., Ward Teaching 695 Explorers and Scouts 704705

Salt Lake City, Utah Priesthood Your Page and Ours 720

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Birthday Greetings

will the entire 22 Church PresidentONcongratulateNovember Heber J. Grant

upon attaining his Seventyninth birthday and yet, during the past summer, his activity has taken him across the continent and to faroff Hawaii, testifying to the truth of the poem which he loves to quote:

Age

of ia a quality mind left; behind. you've AGEIf your dreams

If hope is cold If you no longer look ahead, If your ambitions'fires are dead

Then you are old.

But if from life you take the best,

And if in life you keep the zest,

If love you hold;

No matter how the years go by,

No matter how the birthdays fly

You are not old.

BIRTHDAY GREETINGS TO PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT FROM HIS TWO COUNSELORS

\17E of the Church and your hosts of other soul a spirit of independence and determination friends extend to you our heartiest greetings that later would make him outstanding among all and our prayers for your health and welfare for his associates.

many years to come. Economy and thrift were his daily companions

Called to the Apostleship by a special revelain boyhood, and faith absorbed from a mother's tion, you have been preserved, sound in body, in teachings and acts, was as native to him as the mind, and in spirit, to preside over and lead the pure mountain air he breathed. No one who has

people forward in God's work. Time and again ever heard President Grant tell of these early days

the Lord has snatched you from the very clutches can doubt that in the humble, beautiful surroundof Death that you might fulfil your mission among ings of his boyhood home were formed those the Lord's people. sterling traits of character which in maturity make

You have proved yourself a man of your word, him so distinguished among men.

to your associates, to the people, and to your He was well born, and has always appreciated country. You have stood firm and steadfast as the blessing ofnoble inheritance from both parthe granite of the eternal hills for keeping plighted ents. Deprived of a father's companionship, he

faith to our nation that we might not prove appreciated all the more keenly the transforming traitors to our solemn promise to observe the power of a mother's love. It was she who changed

laws of the land which the Prophet himself said timidity to courage, his selfdepreciation, to selfwas one of our fundamental precepts. confidence; impetuousness, to selfcontrol; perseYou are proved a man of honor, of truth, of inverance, she encouraged until it became dominant

tegrity, of chastity, of temperance, of humility, of and supreme; effeminate tendencies she suphigh principle, of patriotism. You are generous, planted by manly qualities. With these and other

almost to a fault; you have given bounteously of sterling traits of character, there was implanted

your substance for the help of the poor, the needy, in his early life a tenderness that could come only the widow, and the orphan. You have been pafrom the heart of his mother. Tenderness is a

tient and longsuffering under dire provocation. deep spring in President Grant's soul, the clearYou have sought constantly the will of the ness and purity of which are known best, however,

Lord; you have so lived always that the Lord only by his loved ones and closest associates.

might reveal His will and word through you, Today at fourscore years, lacking one, we find that you might indeed be a temple for His spirit. perfected and personified in him the noble traits

You love the people; you love and honor the of true manhood and great leadership. Most

Priesthood; you love the prophets; you love, aptly to him may be applied Charming 's characterrevere, and seek always to obey the Master; you ization of the truly great man; for fearlessly and

love God. under all conditions he has chosen the right

May your life be spared many years to lead, with invincible resolution; he has resisted the

hereafter as heretofore, this people in the ways sorest temptations from within and from without;

of the Lord. he has borne the heaviest burdens cheerfully; he is

/. Reuben Clark, Jr. calmest in storms and most fearless under menace

First Counselor in the and frowns, and his reliance on truth, on virtue,

First Presidency. and on God is most unfaltering.

It has been my privilege to see his tenderness and his strength; his unselfishness, his responsivegEVENTY-NINE years ago, November 22, in nessChristlike.to inspirationHis devotionand to toall histhatfamily,is trueto andhis

Salt that cottage in a City the Lake stood on Church and his friendis paramount; and to Godspot Z. I. there occupied born now by was C. M. ship, the precious possession in the found only

to President Jedediah M. and Rachel Ridgeway brotherhood of Christ. Honesty, integrity, conIvins the a son Grant parents Heber whom named sistency, persistency, loyalty fidelity to God, and

this ten BeforeJeddy. baby days boy was truth old to life have marked his pathway through

left fatherless,he his at the death was mother and these the have been of rounds the ladder which by practicallyof penniless. her husband, Judging he has to climbed the highest that honor has come the this standpointfrom possessions, of worldly to mortal man.

baby's boyhood was spent on the borderline of God bless you President Grant on this your poverty, but the standpoint from of soulgrowth, seventyninth anniversary! health, peace, May

richest in the environmenthe grew happiness attend that life can and our leader for you asoffer—under the protection and gentle guidance years to come! many

of a noble woman, a wise and gracious mother. David O. McKay.Under her benign influence during the penury of Second Counselor in the

pioneer experiences, there matured in his young First Presidency.

The Certain Steps of Progress By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

A Member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles

No. V. In a Series on "The bridges, houses and towers, are

Articles of Faith"built because of men's belief or

first principles and ordiFaith strength of materials. and

life's supplies ofTHEnances faith in principles of construction the Gospel, with which by the means which a person may receive structure may be raised; and he

the benefits and blessings of the who has faith knows that the result plan of salvation, are essentially will be good. With faith there is

the steps by which achievement certainty of effort, without faith and progress may be won in any there is chaos of thought and acfield of endeavor. The operation tion.

of eternal law is never postponed Br until the hereafter. Every rightTT is the higher realms of faith,

eous endeavor, here, contributes to those that enter the unseen the sum of our ultimate victory, world, that sometimes raise questhere. Every law for spiritual protions in the minds of the inexgress may be used in winning temperienced. Faith makes use of all

poral success. Life here and life the powers of man. It does not

hereafter are but different maniDR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE stop with that which may be sensed

festations of one eternal reality. directly by the simpler senses, but

Reason and common sense give invades the unseen universe which coherence and strength to every may be known only by the use of

Gospel principle and practice. be derived only from truth. Faith subtler human gifts. It proceeds

Faith, the fundamental principle may again be defined as the knowlto examine the evidences for God of the Gospel, may be easily unedge of truth. Much false knowland His kingdom. This, however,

derstood since it operates in every edge masquerades as truth, and is only in harmony with current human concern. Belief in the outdeceives men. Socalled faith, thought and practice. Much, if not

come initiates every human enterbased upon untruth, soon withers most of science concerns the unprise. Knowledge is the beginning if brought into the open light of seen world. Molecules, atoms,

of faith. As belief in the truth of daily life and use. The process of and electrons, the composition of

acquired knowledge is established, building faith is largely the testing the stars and the core of the earth, faith is developed. Certain knowlof knowledge for its truth. are known and can be known only

edge is faith. By this definition, The extent of faith naturally inthrough their effects upon certain

faith may be made the measure of creases with the increase of knowlinstruments. Just so, the unseen

human progress, individually and edge, but the degree of faith deworld of living beings may be collectively. As faith waxes strong, pends upon the intensity or cerknown by its effects upon living

the power and joy of life increase. tainty of the belief that the knowlmen. No manmade instrument

Knowledge is the foundation of edge possessed is true. Thus it can be as sensitive and truthful

intelligent living. Joseph Smith often happens that great faith may as man, himself, who may fit himdeclared, "It is impossible for a man accompany limited knowledge. self, by righteous living, to be a

to be saved in ignorance"and The humble and unlearned may suitable instrument for the recep- "Knowledge is the pathway up to know without a peradventure of tion of influences from the unseen is done, faiththe Gods."Moreover, knowledge doubt that God lives—such faith world. When this

acquired here makes an indelible will triumph over the halfhearted may and does rise to sublime impression upon the spirit of man; acceptance of the Divine Father heights, beyond the understanding

it is imperishable; it continues with by one who possesses great stores of those who will not pay the price

the man, in some form, throughout of knowledge. in selfconquest. We may then

eternity. Again in the words of It is easy enough to understand know with certainty that Jesus of

the Prophet Joseph Smith, "whatthat in every ordinary human conNazareth was the Christ. This

ever principle of intelligence we cern faith is necessary. Dams and phase of faith is implied by the

attain unto in this life, it will rise Apostle Paul in his famous declarawith us in the resurrection."There tion that "faith is the substance of

for, the evidence of hoped first things the necessary arecan things not seen."existprogressive be nothing more important than WHATsteps in aknowledge.

this logical in Dr. Widtsoe, Faith is indeed the safe foundatrue only However, article, that answers convincing knowledge ence?and

action. of human to faith. knowledge,leads Tested interesting question. the tion Read

tested again and again in terms of Fourth Article of Faith on the next truth, is the substance of the high page. REPENTANCE, the second

belief called faith. Certainty can principle of the Gospel, is a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

necessary derivative of faith. To willing to certify that he will obey

believe a thing is not enough. ARTICLES OF FAITH the law hereafter. He goes into

Knowledge must be used, if it is to Of the Church of Jesus Christ the water, which is a cleansing be made alive. If a person has of Latterday Saints agent and comes out again a

violated law, done something Father,1. We andbelievein Hisin Son,God, Jesusthe EternalChrist, changed man. He has been cleansed

which he discovers should not have and in the Holy Ghost. in a high spiritual sense. He may

been done, the spirit of repentance, ished2. Wefor believetheir ownthat sins,men willand benotpunfor have to pay the physical price for

his errors mistakes, his mortalwill but more. help him do That Adam's it no atonethat, believe the through

enprevent sin all from Christ, be willis turning him ment3. Weof transgression. mankind from and error; may away not now

that is giving life to faith. Faith is ordinancessaved, by ofobediencethe Gospel.to the laws and tering the kingdom of Heaven, if

not complete unless so used. Yet and4. ordinancesWe believe ofthatthe theGospelfirst are:principlesFirst, he henceforth live according to the

it is not sufficient to justify faith Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, law. Baptism, then, carries with

by turning away from error. It is Repentancesion for the; third,remissionBaptismof sinsby; immerfourth, it also the gift of forgiveness of our

laying on of Hands for the Gift of the sins.equally important to do that which

Ghost. Holy

should be done. The repentant 5. We believe that a man must be So conceived, baptism becomes a

man ceases to do wrong; he also calledlaying ofon God,of hands,"by "prophecy,by thoseandwhoby arethe beautiful ordinance, symbolizing

in authority to preach the Gospeldoes that which is right. Full reand ( 1 ) our agreement with God, in thereof. the administer ordinances

places requirementspentance both in organization the same his to henceforth keep Law; (2) G. We. existedbelieve in church, primitive the Repentance man.upon the Christ, the of the leadership Jesus, apostles, is acthatnamely, prophets, pastors,

tive faith. teachers, 7. We believeevangelists,in theetc.gift of tongues, with the gift of the resurrection

Such repentance has its counterprophecy, revelation, visions, healing, through his sacrifice, and (3) the part in the daily affairs of life. interpretation8. We believeofthetongues,Bible toetc.be the word forgiveness of our sins, so that they

Knowledge is but a dry and dusty ofrectlyGod,; weas alsofar believeas it isthetranslatedBook of Morcor- shall not stand in the way of our

husk until used to correct mistakes mon to be the word of God. progress towards the presence of

and to promote human ventures. vealed,9. Weallbelievethat HealldoesthatnowGodreveal,has andreGod.

Repentance in this sense is pracwegreatbelieveand thatimportantHe willthingsyet revealpertainingmanyticed by all successful persons in to the Kingdom of God. TN natural order comes the last

every concern of the day. The of 10.IsraelWe believeand in inthetherestorationliteral gatheringof the of the four initiatory principles

Tribes. will Ten built Zion That be upon of genuineness repentance depends the the Gospel: of ordinances and

this continent. will Christ reign That

usually sincerity of faith. the gift upon personally earth, reception the of of the upon the Holy the that and

The quality of faith may be gauged earthparadisiacalwill beglory.renewed and receive its Ghost.

11. its the claim privilege of worshipeffect Weby upon human actions, into the ing person born Almighty dicEvery to according the God that repentance. is upon conscience, of our allow and sinner, enjoys saint or all world, the let privilege, same tatesmen worthem

is ship where or they what may. ordinance of baptism life, The of his according to the manner

12. believe in to being subject how,We equally easy Spirit, to comprehend. The of kings, the presence presidents, the Holy rulers magisand

Church is a divinely provided ortrates,taining inthe obeying,law. honoring and suswhich flows from the presence of

13. believe in being honest, ganization true, of a fill all We of men to touch and women space and God to chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and organized light Everycommon faith. heart. Life; doevery and to ing human good indeed, say all men mayin we

body requires of its members that"We webelievefollowallthe things,admonitionwe hopeof Paul:all and understanding are the gifts of

some form of acquiescence in its things,"we have endured many things, this everpresent influence. It is

purposes and practices, a promise Ifandtherehope istoanythingbe able tovirtuous,endure alllovely,things.or the fountain of knowledge. Withit, darkness and despair would of conformity. Baptism is this inofaftergoodthesereportthings.—Josephor praiseworthy,Smith.we seek out

itiatory evidence on the part of the cover the earth. It is the universal

candidate admitting him into the gift of the Lord to His earthly its means, the humfellowship of the Church. It is is the central figure of the plan of children. By

much like the giving of a contract salvation. He came on earth to blest and meanest, as well as the

covering a human transaction. In teach the Gospel to man; he died highest and best, may communicate

this instance, the agreement is bethat men may be redeemed from with the Father who gave them tween a man, the candidate for adthe grave; and he was resurrected life on earth.

mission to the Church, and his the into father's glory, pointthus Ghost, the gift of the Holy The is the of the head Lord who is ing to the possible destiny of every third of the Godhead, member Church. to keep The man agrees In upon earth. those for man born reserved symbolic who by faith,

all regulations, the laws, and armanner the repeats baptism baptism, story repentance, have and rangements of the and Church to of is in qualified candidate buried the aufor membership Jesus—the observe every as word of God it water, arises in the of into a thorized church the from community,

given through his prophets in all new life. By the mode of baptism, believers. It confers upon the reages; and as a signature to the the position and vicarious service of cipient the official right, as it were,

contract he submits to the ordiJesus is accepted, and the promise to secure added and higher guidnance of baptism. He who is bapof the resurrection received. ance and protection in the affairs

tized into the promised has Church life. the of approach may He

live in to with harmony Gospel gift another to in as prayer, is symone Father man who has if fails so, VET requirements, to he do certain requests. right to the bolized baptism. make canby The

is breaker, contract he a a man who is in coworker a henceforth sinful, didate but have been may He his promise. not or does keep word of salvation plan of behalf enthe faith has developed in the and Lord

The form of baptism by immerthe plan of salvation. He has titled to corresponding help from

sion is heavenordained, but clearly turned away from evil and engaged above. Gifts from heaven, procomprehended. Jesus the Christ in good deeds. By baptism he is phecy, healing or tongues, may be

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

conferred upon the petitioner according to his needs and the decrees

Spirit is a of heaven. Holy The

gift to all general A Prayer for Thanksgiving and they by which truth; find their to may way the for Every Day gift is the of a special Ghost Holy

gift, conditioned upon the person's By WILLIAM H. BOYLE, Associate Professor of Education,

proper use of the general gift of Brigham Young University the Holy Spirit. The gift of the

Holy Ghost includes the compan- T AM thankful, Lord, that my parents were clean in body and thought and deed;

ionship of the Holy Ghost, through * for their ideals of education, morality, chastity, honesty, kindness, charity, the agencies under His control, for sympathy, neighborliness; that they led the way jn all of these, both by precept

the comfort, enlightenment and and example. Grateful am I for their thoughtful care of my infant body; that

strengthening of man. The rate confidencethey felt keenlyin me ina mymoralmanhood.responsibility for my childhood days, and showed

of progress in all things good may be made more constant and rapid I am thankful for the educational opportunities they gave me; that I was sent

by the gift of the Holy Ghost. sacrificedto school thatand Imademightto study;work; thatthat theythey visionedlabored methatasI anmightefficient,learn;courageousthat they

It does not follow that an immember of society and that I should try to do my best to honor them.

mediate change comes over the I am grateful for my work and the countless young men and women, who, person who is confirmed into the to me, have been my inspiration. I am thankful for the joy I have in the

Church. That would be contrary service I give; grateful that my life has been one long vacation; grateful that

I toil; for that watched has a livelihood never never been I have work do to the of life. as the ways It is more

I in clock; interested that success the than wages. more ever been have I am if a door were opened, permit-

I I grateful for that to paid nothing what have done have do been would ting him to enter, if he so desire, my life, if I could have lived without it in modest comfort; I am grateful that allif

or placing before him an instru- I could not lead, I have tried to follow.

ment, say a radio set, which he may I am grateful, if on the morning, I can arise with the glory of a clear operate at will. The more the gift conscience; and that I try to make of every day an adventure; that I have a

is used, the greater the facility sense of humor; that I love laughter, children, and song; that I love the mountains,

gained and the blessings obtained. the sky, the clouds, the grass, and good books. I am grateful that I have tried

tolerant the arrogant; not that that loved I have be and man; I have common All gifts are conditioned upon our tofailed square. ticket cringing; tried without that the to earn meal I have on my efforts.

for appetites for thankful for distress passions, disappointment, pain and and I am

This may, in a small way, be and imperfections.

compared with the effects upon a I am thankful for the associates with whom I work; for their interest in me,

person in any mundane pursuit, and that I have tried to be not envious of their success and that they are happy who conforms to preliminary conwhen I succeed. I am grateful that they understand me and are yet my friends;

ditions and thereby, having prethat they are my comrades and my competitors.

pared himself, may more com- I am grateful for faith—faith in one's own personality, one's own individualpetently perform the work placed ity, and the purposes of institutions. I am thankful that from the tiniest electron

before him. The equivalent of the to systems of worlds—each and all proclaim the indestructibility of the universe.

reward for faith, repentance, and wisdomI am gratefulof the foraged.the Iprattleam gratefulof infants;for theforrustlethe exuberanceof the wind;of theyouth,blushandof thethe

obedience, may be observed in rose; the loyalty of friends; for success and failure, and that they all testify to

every human pursuit. me that nothing is in vain. I am glad that duty is taking the place of dogma, and

Faith, a convincing belief, as the tolerancetaught to isbelieveclimbingthat tothethetestthroneof holdingof bigotry.and defendingI am gratefulof anythatdoctrineI haveis beenthat

groundwork of action; repentance, it makes for a more Christlike spirit in my life, and that the Christian test of

a correct use of knowledge by worship is that it is a compelling force in making me more Christlike in attitude which faith becomes active; bapand behavior.

tism, an agreement to abide by the I am thankful for my country and the brave men who founded it. I am

regulations of the Church comthankful for my church, for the ideals it has instilled in me; that through it I

posed of those who have found have had opportunity to serve, and that to it I have given time, money, effort

I the for grateful influenced encouragement. that has the and Church good am faith and practiced repentance and

lives sing, live, that family; to place a pray, had have and and go and we of my to accept Jesus as the the Head of it I listen. for opportunities thankful to mine the and labor, and has given am

work; and the reception of the gift and the ideals for them it has helped to make. I am grateful for my abiding

of the Holy Ghost, the official parfaith in man and my simple faith in God—faith that He overrules for good;

ticipation in the powers of heaven, that the universe is kind, and that sometime, somewhere, some way, compenmade possible by man's acceptance sation full and complete will come.

of the preceding conditions, by I am thankful for my wife and that she has made our house a home. I am

which progress may become more thankful for the joy and responsibility of rearing a family and that love has run through all our family relations. certain and rapid—these form a

sequence, a series of natural steps, Grant, O Lord, that as life advances, maturity in thought shall increase.

by which a person may achieve Give me wisdom to sift the wheat from the chaff. I pray that the winter of life

I shall shall tedious, that not be accept age as Help a challenge. me to approach greatly progress continuously. and

reality unfailing, the of childlike appetite. undaunted, a future with an May I

first principlesThe ordinances and gracefully, eagerly, old triumphantly. grow

form a safe, understandable found-

I find, Lord, that Grant, will gratitude act. oh every be shown May by my ation life in for the of Church

did, I that grant, the greatest in service. pray, happiness always, as He And Christ. the are necessary They shall hair gray, ripen. soul shall as my my

first steps in a progressive existence.

III IA BOY'S O By ANDREW K. SMITH

To His Father, Joseph F. Smith

AXY father was the biggest man I ever knew, ( Please pardon if I point with boyish pride )

So straight and tall, and I so small, and yet I grew

Much faster standing or while kneeling by his side.

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, SIXTH No giant's tale of mighty deeds on land or sea JESUSPRESIDENTCHRISTOF THEOF CHURCHLATTERDAYOF

Could thrill me half so much as his and fill with awe; SAINTS

His eyes would tell his own life's history;

My father had the deepest eyes I ever saw.

His voice, though sharp, was resonant, kind and deep;

His laugh not only shook his sides but shook the wall;

When bowed in grief, my inmost soul could hear him weep; His voice like rolling thunder yet was still and small.

A slight but kind reproof from him cut deep and sore;

It hurt him too, he grafted me into his wound;

Though healed, I can't forget, I love him all the more;

No father ever kept his family more attuned.

No sound more welcome ever reached a childish ear;

PRESIDENT JOSEPH None too busy, sleepy, lame or deaf or dumb

FIELDING SMITH was That did not gladly leap and run when he would hear, born in Far West, Missouri, November 13, 1838, a son of Like bugle calling reveille—"Papa has come."

Hyrum and Mary Fielding Smith. He traveled to Winter Quarters with his faithful,

widowed mother when he He knew no middle class, but only high and low;

was eight years of age, assisting with the driving of the True character was riches—sham was poverty.

which ox drew team their He passed this mortal life the richest man I know; reachcovered wagon. They

ed Salt Lake Valley in 1848. His wealth he nobly shared with Church and family.

He was always active in the Church, filled several missions, was ordained an Apostle in 1866 and was set apart To me, he was the biggest man I knew, I say;

as a member of the Council of the Twelve in 1867. He He taught me by the force of love to do my part,

President of was ordained the And he grows bigger too, it seems, as day by day died Oct. 1, 1901, and Church

Nov. 19, 1918. He was a I grow and learn to know his mind, his hopes, his heart.

tender father and greatly loved by the entire Church.

THANKSGIVING

SPELLED WITH AN M By CLARA PERMAN

UTSIDE, the think that you were going to getchildren wereodancing about and THANKSGIVING can be spelled an invitation."

singing, "Turkey Day! Turkey in many ways, but to lonely She looked out of the window

Day! Mary of school more Kaye there was just one grey till MonNo sky—swirls hills—grey right way.day!"Inside, grey sleet by. Even Kaye and dust rolled Mary Merwin's heart was throbbing, "Home the Wyoming wind, she thought,

Day! Home Day! But not home could produce a sound like the sum

day for Mary Kaye!"It grew have made it five; but as yet she total of all desolations. She shivlouder and more persistent as the had received no bid. ered at the thought of going out

it; but she would have to govoices of the children died away They were not wealthy girls. into

and the empty schoolroom silence All of them were working; had had to the store and get something for

itself tobegan this dinner heard. Thanksgiving that was make she as to start young had—why celebrated all at There to be by herself. a knock was to play with they ask the door, wouldn't her

then it quickly opened and the them? They had such gay times The Company Store had every

blond head of Mimi made a lively hiking over the hills for weiner department from hardware to soda entrance through the crack. Mary roasts, Dutching it to the movies, fountain; the post office was caged

Kaye had always thought Mimi sometimes going to dances in a off at one end.

forthe mail cutest her of one the M's. went Kaye Mary mothwithout an escort. The body Her

first. to a little planningM's seemed be would grow She a grand er's treating of old prescription

celebration for Thanksgiving. others as you would be treated had tense. The postmistress was Marguerite, leader they the unquestionable to inviteMaybe were going always you worked before—but, a the M's. throbbing heart of her Mary Kaye hadher. The if the of couldn't use a prescription

changed to a quick tattoo. patient refused to be treated. Of secret admiration for Marguerite

"Is Dickie here, Miss Merwin? course she couldn't push herself, who was so selfassured, so indeHe stopped at the office this noon especially since that day that she pendent, who kept house for her

and went off without his coat. I had overheard them talking when father and held down this good job

thought I'd try to catch him before they passed the teacherage. besides. With casual indifference

he got out in this storm."Marguerite handed a letter to her.

Mary Kaye then remembered Mary Kaye turned quickly to hide that Dickie was Mimi's nephew. OHE had seen them the hurt. Marguerite said things

She looked out the window toward coming up the hill and had gone to to other people, things that made the hill where she had last seen the window to watch them. They them leave the window smiling

him. always looked carefree and jaunty whether they had a letter or not.

"I saw him start ovah the hill; as they started out over the hills As she waited her turn at the

but he's out of sight now."with their bundles of food. Evimeat market, Mary Kaye glanced

Mary Kaye wasn't accountable dently it was to be a steakfry, for at her letter. It was postmarked

for her "r's;"she had lived in VirMyrna was openly brandishing a Gainesville, Missouri—her mothginia the first fifteen years of her black frying pan. Mary Kaye had er's handwriting. She opened it

life. stood back so that she would not and read, "I'm sending you a box

"Well, I've missed him then."be seen, secretly praying that by—there's plenty—so you can inviteThe blond head darted out again, some miracle they would knock at in your friends—."Mary Kaye

leaving Mary Kaye staring at the the door and ask her to go along. hurriedly stuffed it into her purse.

closed door. She might learn to love these bleak She pretended to be looking at the

"Humph! Invitation!"Mary hills if she could sit around a sagedifferent cuts of meat. The butcher

fire out. her in the magic circle of helped herself laugh. brushKaye gave a scornful

<J * flioHIV. ft/T'oJt. '*. fer before"Funny, "How's I came to Wyoming a nice chicken? We

I thought I'd find an untamed They had not knocked. They got some dandies in today; jist one

variety of natives; now, they seem had looked over at the teacherage left."He held it up for inspection.

tospecies—butthink that I we'ream someall thesort sameof wild andmightyat airs.once Marytaken Kayeon highrealizedand I believe"That I'lldoestakelookit."mighty good.

I'm sure we could click if they'd that they were trying to act like As the butcher was weighing the give me a chance."the two older teachers who lived chicken, Marguerite came hurrying

There were four girls in this little there. Then their chins had lifted over from the post office. "Hi

coal camp who were about her own and they had begun to address each there, Nye,"she called to him, age. Their names were Marguerother with an unmistakable but "that's a good looking bird. Any

ite, Mabel, Myrna, and Mimi. very exaggerated Virginian accent. more like it!"

They called themselves the "Four "Yes,"Mary Kaye upbraided her- "Nope, you spoke up one minute

M's."Mary Kaye would gladly self, "you were certainly silly to too late."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

to do that. You may not get that

box until Christmas."With a

smile she added, "Inefficiency in the P. O., you know."

The smile had the power that Mary Kaye had always thought it would. It sent warm prickles all

over her. She responded instantly

with the eager friendliness of the

South. "Nevah mind about the box anyhow. I'll buy a can of pork and

beans. My guests won't mind.

You go ahead and take this."

"But your guests?"

"Me, I, and myself,"laughed Mary Kaye, the prescription was already working.

"I'll take it—if—if"now it was Marguerite who hesitated—"if

you'll come and eat with us."

"Oh no!"Mary Kaye cried out

in embarrassment, "I wasn't trying to invite myself anywhere!"

"Then I won't take the chicken,"

Marguerite replied shortly, and turned again to the butcher.

—sheMarywasKayestillwasholdingat an utterout lossthe

bundle wondering just what had happened. The butcher seemed to

feel that he was needed, "Sure,"he said, "if it's a Dutch treat you take the chicken for your share."

If she objected to this they would think she was too stingy; she didn't

want to act childish so she said, "Why I'd love to do that. It's

just that I don't like to intrude."

Marguerite turned, studying her dubiously. After appraising the

look on Mary Kaye's face, she explained, "We're just plain ordinary girls, and it maybe won't."be much of a spread to you—

"Oh shucks, I'm not exactly a princess you know! If this chicken

SHE HAD SEEN THEM COMING UP THE HILL is to be my ticket to the party, I'll

AND HAD GONE TO THE WINDOW TO WATCH cook it a la Missouri and I'm willTHEM. THEY ALWAYS LOOKED CAREFREE ing to bet you all will like it."

AND JAUNTY AS THEY STARTED OUT OVER "You don't mean it, really!''THE HILLS WITH THEIR BUNDLES OF FOOD. INOT a rock was dis-

"Honest Injun, jist sold out."turbed as Mary Kaye sped up the

"I'm ruined! We're Dutching chicken. It was nothing to her. path to the teacherage. Her feet

a dinner at my house and I was Then she reminded herself, "Why were too light. The grey of the

supposed to see about the chicken. should you help these girls; they hills had turned to pink. The wind

I haven't had a minute all day. have treated you shamefully."was singing merrily. She hugged

Why, they'll mob me! What do Treated—treatment—have?"you—ran through her mind.prescriptionIt was theThispreciouswas herbundlechance!underShe'dher havearm.

"Oh, how's fer a nice beef an awful risk. The chicken might to make good!

roast?"be thrown back at her. Slowly Never was a chicken given such

to is there throw handy "What she pushed never had the bundle toward the meticulous care—and in theat help you? You're some scowling Marguerite. meticbeen given such Mary Kaye

face of national calamity.""You take this chicken, my ulous care; so she was looking her

mothah is sending me a box. I very best when, with her pan of

MitARY KAYE'S south, really won't need this."chicken under her arm, she knocked

ern unselfishness had at once Marguerite seemed slow to comat Marguerite's door. Marguerite

prompted her to hand over the prehend, then said, "Oh, no, I hate (Continued on page 713) HE

exclaim, "use toWHAT!"the columnsyou of the Era

write about such a thing as a crawling repulsive worm?'

Yes, gentle reader, but this worm is not one of those creatures that 'destroy this body,'but, on the contrary, one that gives its whole life to bedeck human bodies with gorgeous silks and costly wear.

The story of the silkworm and its products reaches back 4,500 years. In the early translations of

the Bible silk is named in Genesis

Ezekiel, transbut revised theand silk stabilize colony. to gia the as a then endeavor founded was made

lations correct "linen"these to read

I silk to in force Virthe industry Utah. endeavored James

it is "cotton."and a Anyway, silk raise to ginia preferred but to she also sent President Youngmatter silk history of that was colonists raise to tobacco. distribeggs, for silkworm France Many to the Chineseknown about 2600 interest to revive attempted but all experthe uting to would them whoB. C. industry sacredly The was disaster. selfishness of of brought men iment them. with Hundreds the of penaltyguarded death and

It is that the time said "at corner or one set a a aside homes room prescribed againstwas any who price of cuttings ran in Mulberry in the try to out which room a itsshould betray secret the of $500."silk from to $3.00 per the hundred part of adventure. As

isgenesis It development. and the the Revolution of At the time Zina propaganda Mrs. D. Youngsaid that in early the China entirely killed. most industry almost territory, was going the from canvassed

girlsbeautiful fasted of the realm the another, to teaching one town purifiedand themselves in order for caring of to TT was not very long after the Piofeeding and methodoffer sacrifice of the to the Goddess

Silkworm, that they might have neers came to the valley of the the silkworms, and urging the imhappy atmosphere in caring for the Great Salt Lake that their leader, portance of the industry. It is one

worms under their care. President Brigham Young, became of the beautiful things of fate that

The Chinese held their secret for convinced that this location was the first silk dress woven on a over 3,000 years. During the secwell adapted to silk culture. He carpetloom adorned the gentle

ond century B. C. Roman aristomentioned the fact when selecting form of Aunt Zina.

cracy are said to have used silken the site for the Salt Lake Temple; In 1865 a large cocoonery was

garments, but it was not until about also referred to it in his first sermon built at the Church Farm (now 530 A. D. that the origin of silk in the valley. He sent to France Forest Dale) and many acres of

tree seeds of the Mulberry trees near planted Mulberry werebecame outside of China. for known

Multicaulis). These {Moms stands. present the chapel he where PersianAt that time two monks,

at the peril of their lives, walked had planted in his own garden and Zina D. Young was the first to

all the way from Constantinople personally superintended the work operate the cocoonery and with to China and returned and of nurturing the stock as it genersome success; then a Frenchman

brought back, hidden in a bamboo ated and grew. Unlike the selfish named Bertrand, brought failure.

cane, some silkworm eggs, and a planters of early American history A Mr. Wimmer managed it for

great industry rapidly spread over he gave Mulberry cuttings without two years and temporarily killed

Italy, France, Turkey, Greece, cost to all who would take and interest in the work.

Spain and Portugal. plant them; and the sturdy trees Later, in 1875, the dying silk

The industry was introduced in still furnish shade in many parts embers were brought to life by

America in 1522 by Cortez. Georof the state, bearing evidence of Mrs. Dunyon, wife of Dr. Dunyon

STORY OF A SILKWORM

patter of the rain upon the roof."By GEORGE D. PIPER When approximately 40 days old

General Superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School Union Board they are about three inches long.

At that time they refuse to eat and you know they are ready to give who operated the cocoonery, raised up their golden threads. Seeking

750 pounds of cocoons and many THIS is the story of another of a suitable place on frames or brush ounces of eggs. Handkerchiefs, President Brigham Young's they begin to spin their cocoons,

Not satisfied laces, scarfs were manufactured achievements. with gradually disappearing in their from outside purchasing materials

and homemade fringes adorned and yet interested in the refined and silken sarcophagi, which are about the St. George Temple. beautiful, he established an industry the size of a peanut. They contain

Soon after this an experiment in which bore testimony to the courage continuous threads of about thirin length. The which the writer as a young boy thoseand thewidegeniusplainsofnotthebeenman.spannedHad teen hundred yards

took part, was started by his father, by rails, Utah still could have had cocoons needed for seed are given

Alexander C. Pyper, then manager its "fine raiment."a cool place for from 1 2 to 15 days

for the business interests of Preswhen they burst through their ident Young. The experiment was

tried out in a little brick building little. It is very sensitive to drafts, THE YOUNG WORMS ON THE HURDLES

in the rear and north of the Beeand is an ardent advocate of the

Hive House. It was fitted up as Word of Wisdom, for tobacco

a cocoonery and the writer was smoke is its deadly enemy. Thunplaced in charge, of course, under der and lightning, too, are dangerthe direction of his father. Five ous elements. The writer has seen

young ladies of President Young's many thousands of these creatures family came three times a day to stand on end and quiver at every feed the worms. The experiment flash of lightning and after the

was very successful. Many pounds storm has found many dead. When

of first class cocoons and sixtyfour the storm is over they attack their ounces of silkworm eggs were food voraciously and the sound raised. The next year father reeffect of their eating is like "the

modeled his own barn and the writer again successfully raised a fine crop of silk and eggs.

'"THE eggs of the silkworm are about the size of common pin heads. They are kept in ventilated

metal receptacles free from invasion of their deadly enemies—rats, mice,

spiders, ants or other insects and, until ready to hatch, are kept in a cool place below 50 Fahrenheit. About the time the Mulberry

leaves begin to appear in the spring, the eggs are brought forth from the cool cellar and placed on hurdles. The temperature should

be 75 or 80 degrees Fahrenheit.

Soon the tiny worms, black at first, come out of their tiny shells and tender Mulberry leaves are placed on the hurdles and these are soon covered by the voracious little things.

It is recorded that where silk culture was carried on in Chinese homes and the temperature was low the women would often place the cards containing the eggs in their bosoms where the heat of their bodies soon hatched out the tiny silk worms.

The life of the silkworm is only about 40 days. During that time

it moults four times and eats but

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

prisons and appear as white moths. Each female moth produces about GLIMPSED IN A FLASH 500 eggs requiring 40,000 to weigh

an ounce. The moths then die, By DR. STERLING B. TALMAGE

having fulfilled their mission. Those mal, action of the winds and the

not reserved for seed are subjected 'T'HIS is another of those succinct waters."

to heat which kills the chrysili and * little articles by Dr. Talmage, Was I convinced? I nearly

the cocoons are ready for the reeler. who is Professor of Geology at the laughed in his face. The futility

School of Mines of New Mexico at of his line of reasoning was so

Socorro. Dr. the 1876 AssociaDeseret Silk Talmage to comical. as the approach is eldest son absurd I N the late James E. Talmage. tion organized. factory of was A in believed a had Here I

was built at the intersection of without knowing how itmiracle,might

Canyon Road and Third Avenue have happened. Because he showed

on the site of the old Pioneer Saw Discrediting a Miracle me how it might have been accomMill, around which 200 Mulberry I was a missionary in plished, he expected me to disbetrees were placed, the writer assistWHENEngland an agnostic once lieve the miracle!

ing his father in the planting. said to me: "You ChrisFor, after all, the real miracle

Eastern machinery was purchased tians must now abandon your bewas the escape of the Israelites; the

and an expert from England was lief in the miracle of the escape of dividing of the waters was merely brought here to manage the facthe Israelites across the Red Sea. the means to a greater end.

tory. Cocoons were purchased, Recent discoveries have discredited Even so, I find it easier to besilk reeled, twisted into thread and it completely."lieve in a miracle that I can under-

a market for the output found. Naturally, I was interested. He stand than in one that I cannot.

But fate was against the silk venwent on to explain: So, when a man shows me how a

ture. The leading spirits passed "Measurements have shown that miracle might have been accomon and took with them all the inthe land at the end of the Red Sea plished, he strengthens rather than

terest there was in this wonderful is rising at the rate that would weakens my faith in it. Moreover,

industry. It is comforting to know amount to several feet in thirty he strengthens my faith in other

that a beautiful flower garden centuries. The place where the miracles also, because he offers me

marks the site where silk enthusiIsraelites crossed has been found; the hope that, some day, I may unasts made such a rare gesture. it is now far inland, where it can derstand them also.

For a while efforts were made to be studied, although it was once a Miracles, to me, are matters of keep up enthusiasm in the work, sandbar, miles offshore. The eviaccomplishment rather than of

Mrs. Margaret Caine being the dence of old shore lines, and ruins method; they are functions of

leading figure. In addition to local that can be dated, indicates that timeliness, rather than of contraexhibits a beautiful booth was during the time of the Pharaohs diction; the good purpose that they

maintained at the Women's Buildthis bar was submerged some ten served is far more important than ing, World's Fair, Chicago, in feet deep at high tide, and tidal the wonder that they excited.

1893. measurements show that the conStill, my agnostic friend had

The Legislature for a while made currence of an exceptionally low made me curious enough to read annual appropriations to feed the tide and an exceptionally high again the Biblical account of the silk flame but it got weaker and wind would suffice to sweep this escape of the Israelites. I found

weaker until it finally died out. It bar clear of water for several hours. in it a passage that I had never

is but another community experiSo, the Israelites crossed dryshod, noticed before. It reads: (Exoence, the memory of which in conand the armies of Pharaoh were dus 14:21.)

nection with paper mills, woolen caught by the rising tide. There "And the Lord caused the sea

factories, sugar plants, and other was no miracle at all—only the to go back by a strong east wind all

industries bears witness to the exceptional, though perfectly northat night."

genius of Brigham Young as the great modern Empire Builder.

J-TOANGTI, emperor of China, about 2600 B. C, induced his

empress, SiLing-Shi, to examine the silkworms and ascertain whether the fibres could be used for the manufacture of clothing. Evidently

the queen was successful in her quest, for the silk industry was born and has remained of great importance until the present time.

Silk is still one of the choicest of all fabrics and is esteemed by practically all peoples who can obtain it. The Chinese have continued to

be among the best makers of silks even until this time. "BESIDE THE STILL WATERS"

VISION

a need, an aspiration, in the heart of adolescence and tried to provide for it, just as we attempt to provide for it today. I say attempt advisedly, for with all our equipment,

By beautiful buildings, high scholarship, theories, concepts, ideals, we are still in the "trial and error"LANCHE state as educators, for no pattern. ever yet been found which fits McKEY has the soul of youth. And even with

the powerful light which has grown from a candle flicker of three hundred years ago sweeping white the path ahead, we are still picking our way rather uncertainly. But the

sincerity of souls and the vision of our eyes matched the sincerity and vision of that sterling, over- "DOR how many things we have zealous body of freemen who have * to thank those great American long since passed from the Amerforefathers of ours whose farican scene..-,.'<

sighted vision seemed to provide for

April 13, three hundred everyChristiansdemocratic,they werehumanto the need.very HREE HUNDRED years ago

of core, the years ago, believing freemen that every and boy Latin offered School The BostonON girl, every and man should woman meeting in a Boston town the a handful Latin classics of boys equal have rights before the law schoolto hire a votedassembled and as for preparation of the problems equal opportunities themto make nurthe teaching and life.master "for twentyAmerica Today in selves educated, citizens. useful

turing of the children with us."Jesus said, "Whatsoever ye would three thousand or more high

It was decided that "Brother Pilethat men should do unto you"or schools, with a quarter of a million

. yours. old fore-.. These grand to be "entreated"teachersmon Pormont"are and administrators, fathers lived that rule. Americans this responsitake training upon himself nearly six million boys and should everywhere likewise. do

bility, and shortly afterwards the girls in practical and cultural fields.

Boston Latin School was founded, "How far the little candle casts its the first secondary school in beam!"

Latin School recYe Boston early BostonAmerica. The people young of America The inhabiricher state that theords 1635 feel should grateful deeply for that

tants mainthe "toward gave shrine, lift to a beginning humble of our to eyes we our you. modern A S of schoolmaster a freetenance Faint for ** gleam that in luster grew school. high 20, November On year us."the next with youth The through the years President this Roosevelt 1 934, sent keen that the minds (How being, into the preCollege saw cameHarvard

the message from House: White cept trueto prepare ministers for the church.

the of "I hope that That Knowledge people young makes an exile of weak

What a quaint little group the fears!) every high school in the United

Boston freemen would appear to Just see,what the Boston freemen could foreStates will celebrate this threeus today could we see them—with Or what their "brother"schoolmaster hundredth anniversary. I hope

their ponderous seriousness and foretold, they will celebrate it in a manner narrow concepts of education and Is not the problem now for you and me: which will bring vividly before

life! And how queer their somber Our hold.debt, to keep undimmed the liqht we parents and fellow townsmen theclothing—the breeches, capes, significance, the contribution, and

buckles, and high hats! We would The years of peace, the years of war the goals of their schools."At

pass; theysmile them. we see perhaps—could laugh and into our MenBut a lump would come weep—and stumble toleastmemoryduringis heavythe tercentenary,upon us, letwhileus light; the ward

throats at the thought of their For always dreams a lad and sings a lass render the honor which is due.grave concern for their young—And lo! the torch is shining in the night. To that group of seriousminded

heart, praise give for that prophetic My as they"unregenerate"thought citizens, three years rehundred evilthem, nature, children of by in moved, let us lift our eyes true in cherishing a Dream! O heart,gleam;

sin. the But recognized freemen homage."Kendall be—Blanche McKey.

SAUCE FOR A

at school?"she J.AMES eyed the bread "Anything new

and jam that he was in the habit of SAUCE, yes, and for the entire continued, sitting down to enjoy finishing his breakfast with half refamily, too. lunch with him. It had never yet

sentfully as if it were partly reoccurred to Edith that almost her sponsible for the predicament he entire interest in life was a vicarinow found himself in. He hated yesterday had been overly long ous one lived through her children.

to deny Edith anything, especially and awkward with a seeming su- "Some new steps on the when it was for the children. She perfluity of hands and feet, but Botany Lab., a teacher in the

seemed to take it harder than when was now suddenly tall and handEnglish department, and I need she was forced to do without somesome, was her unexpected guest three dollars for a Chem book but thing for herself, but he simply for lunch. I guess the only new thing about

didn't have the money to spare that will be the book,"answered and there was nothing to do but Bob as bland and smiling as if he say so. were merely asking for another

"Well, never mind dear,"reslice of his mother's excellent plied his wife with a near sigh. bread. Edith handed over the

'Til manage somehow."three dollars without comment and

'There wouldn't be such a thing Bob went gayly back to school.

as Elaine going without a new She had taken the money from dress for this particular occasion, a small sum saved to buy shoes ( suppose?"asked James with as and accessories to go with the new

near an approach as he ever made dress but if she was to have no to sarcasm. new dress she would not need the

"She seems to think not and of shoes either, so Bob might just as course the Harvest Ball is rather well have the money. She supan important affair, but don't worry posed that she was making a misabout it, we'll get along."She take in handing it over so easily

kissed James goodbye and handed the children really had no idea of him the morning paper to take the little sacrifices that she was along with him to the office. She constantly making but after all

could always think more clearly what good would it do if they did.

when everyone was out of the All of the old arguments that she house and there was no great harm had used to herself and sometimes in giving James a push, figuratively to James, when he made an occaspeaking, in the right direction. sional feeble protest, came to her

With James finally out of the mind. The children were only

way she swung vigorously into her young once and she wanted them morning household tasks. This to have as good a time as anyone

matter of trying to keep four chilwhile they were in school. She had

dren in school on an accountant's always felt the lack of an educasalary, even a fairly good salary, tion herself and was determined seemed to be a never ending tax that her boys and girls should have on her ingenuity. Her present every advantage. To James'obproblem was a new evening dress servation that it was possible to

for Elaine, now in her senior year get an education without all of the of High School. There were three frills she made little answer but

alternatives. She could remodel an spent most of her waking hours

old one, she could persuade Janice and all of the money she could get to give up one of hers—and hope her hands on seeing that they got

the frills as well. that

INTO REAL BOMBSHELL EDITH THREW A it after SHE THAT BY ANNOUNCING MIDST Elainegiven—orcould beshemadecouldto weartake THEIR

A BIG DINNER—GOING TO the NOT COOK time WAS was recently material she had the which DlNNER

TO IN FACT, GOING SHE WAS Edith. for COOK high spot of the day herself for and make it purchased DINNER AT ALL. SCARCELY ANY

up for her daughter instead. It The children were all full of news

was not a very dark shade of blue "How is my best girl?"he greetabout their school activities and

and with silver trimmings and sliped her along with a kiss that gave their mother was all eagerness to pers would go beautifully with Edith a glow of pleasure although hear every word of what they had

Elaine's fair hair and blue eyes. she knew it was but part of the been doing during the day. ToAs for the dinner that she had debonair manner that he had been day, Janice had been to an afterpromised to go to with James next cultivating lately. noon party of her sorority and was

month, she would either have to "Always glad to have distingiving the family all of the details wear the old brown lace or stay guished company,"she responded of what had been eaten and worn.

home. At least she was used to it. as she prepared his favorite dish "Do you call that something to

Her eldest son, Boh who but of bacon and scrambled eggs. eat?"asked Kenneth when inform670

By MABEL $. HARMER

NUMBER OF GANDERS

ed that the refreshments had conored satin and her hands are so intended to hurt her feelings but sisted of two sandwiches a little well groomed."the words had touched a tender

more than a quarter of an inch "Do they have lots of money?"spot just the same. Evidently her

thick and four inches wide, toasked Elaine. children didn't in the least realize

gether with a glass of punch, a tiny "No—not so much. She's just that she too could have lovely

cake and half a dozen nuts. one of the kind that always manclothes if she were not continually

"Of course it wouldn't be for ages to look well."handing out the wherewithal to

you,''answered Janice scornfully, "I've been thinking up a way that buy theirs. That she too could

"but the ordinary person doesn't I'd look especially well too,"volhave beautiful caredfor hands if go to such an affair to get a square unteered Kenneth suddenly. she did not do the greater part of

meal.""Really,"inquired Elaine with the housework in order to allow

"I see,"he replied with mock elaborate interest, "and just how the girls to keep their own hands elegance, "the matter of food is would that be?"smooth and white. She recalled

merely a gesture.""On the seat of a new bicycle. their various requests for money

"Well it certainly is no mere They have a peach at Knight's for just that very day—Elaine's for a

gesture with you,"she retorted as only thirty dollars."new dress, Bob's for a book and

the boy filled up his plate for the "And just where would you get Ken's for a bicycle, all made withthird time. thirty dollars?"inquired his father out a great deal of concern and

"Not when Mother serves her crisply. certainly with no thought of what

sacrifice it might mean to her.

IN the course of the next few days Edith found herself constantly playing in her mind with strange notions. It would be five

years before Elaine was out of college and Kenneth was still another two years behind her. By

the time they were all through she would be a middleaged woman. Perhaps it would be too

late for her to dress up and go places. She had planned on joining a woman's club some day or

going in for civic betterment of some sort. If she waited another

seven years she might be considered too old to go in for such energetic enterprises and be left sitting uselessly on the front porch holding her hands like Mrs. Saunders

across the street. The idea made

her shudder. She didn't want to

be a useless old woman.

She suddenly decided upon drastic within the housechanges HIS OUT OF EVEN SHAKEN JAMES WAS I to school could ride and "Why, SAY, TO MILDNESS ENOUGH USUAL If regime. her children ad- I hold IT'S carfare. it in IS BOTHERING YOU that THAT EXPENSE Besides "IF save unwell-dressed mired with women MOTHER, ALWAYS GET WE CAN for Mother. errands THE MEANS could run OCCASION."PARTICULAR FOR THIS hands, she roughened would make

in for me, You'll put a good word

It one. to a sincere attempt be

own special combination of spawon't you, Mum?"he said coaxcould easily be accomplished if they

ghetti and hamburger,"he replied ingly, giving her a playful hug as went without a few luxuries and blithely. he left the table. did a larger share of the household

"Who poured and what did they "We'll see,"answered Edith abtasks.

wear?"asked Elaine, whose first sently as she arose to clear away She made up the blue crepe for

interest in any feminine affair was and wash the dishes. herself in as smart a fashion as she

always sure to be clothes. During the entire evening Jandared and added other long needed

"Margaret Pierce's mother was ice's remark concerning Mrs. items to her wardrobe by denying

presiding and she did look lovely. Pierce rankled in her mind. She some of the frequent but less urHer dress was sort of a rust colknew that her daughter had not {Continued on page 711)

SPECU By HAROLD CHRISTENSEN

made the proposition worthy of earnest consideration.

Hagoth's ships sailed "forth into the west sea by the narrow neck which led into the land northward."In other words, the point

of sailing must have been somewhere on the western shores of

Central America. In that event,

it is highly possible that the lost expedition was caught in an ocean current and carried by it from the

ISLAND, SUNSET, NORTH WAIKAREMOANA, LAKE NEW ZEALAND mainland to the Hawaiian Islands. Photo Publicity Photo: Government Zealand New

Oregon pine frequently found on the Hawaiian shores as driftwood is twentyeight Pacific over this are that strong evidenceTHERE eviexists. current Conclusive CHRISTENSEN "LTAROLD among Mormons thousand

! * several spent as years a misfile is the United with dence on South of the Polynesians the

in Islands sionary the Sea South Geological States Survey at Washit at with carries fact This Seas! of learned he the language where

is a ington, of there record where questions: significant least the considerable two spent Maoris and

note in a bottle picked being up on listening the stories to time they had so particularly is the ChurchWhy their reorigin. Christensen the coast Islands Mr. of the Hawaiian Polynesia, in and why of interested

join of turned the to studentbody it after just six days was deposited more so much are the Polynesians University where Brigham Young Calioff the coast of Southern than other to the Gospelreceptive a reputation as splendid a he made

Islanders? Perhaps such questions debater. He is now a member of fornia.

can best be answered by inquiring the faculty of his Alma Mater.

this article In has the author is feasible, then, that to believe TT peoples. these origin of into the

clearly briefly several of stated but ships of Hagoth's some may have of the following conclusions If the theories the with the connected speculations on the subject be acorigin of the Islanders. Naturally, drifted westward to the Hawaiian

cepted, we shall have reached at he has been influenced by his faith Islands, and that later expeditions least a partial explanation for the in the Book of Mormon and the left from there to the more southpresents nevertheless, Gospel, he of ern Polynesian Island groupsrelationship his to data reader between Mormonism the allows and Samoa, Tonga, Tahiti, and Newand Polynesia. his conclusions. draw own

In the Book of Mormon is reZealand. It may be seen from

lated the story of Hagoth and his what follows, that the reasonablenumerous sailing expeditions along works."But if we back that asness of such a suggestion is not

the western shores of America sumption with the logic of feasi- { See Alma 63 ). He built at first bility, of native tradition, and of

a large ship and took a company recent ethnological research, we of Nephites from the Land Bounshall have gone a long way in the tiful into the Land Northward. process of proof and shall have

Then some returned to induce more of their people to go north. More TOP: WINNERS OF 1933 HUI TOA.

and larger ships were built and anBOTTOM: CHOIR OF THE 1932 MISSION

other company of Nephites set sail CONFERENCE (HUI TOA).

for the north country, this time never to be heard of again. It was

known that they did not reach the other people in the Land Northward, and it was therefore supposed that they were lost in the sea.

Now if we should assume from this incident alone that the Polynesians are descendants of Hagoth and the Nephites of his time, we would be guilty of "faith without

LATIONS ON POLYNESIAN ORIGIN

only apparent, but is highly probthe third long distance from Amerable. ica to Jerusalem, and the joining

The study of tradition is only one of the spirit is the connection or—andmethoditofis determininga very inexactrace wayoriginif affiliationplace. Thewithotherthe Churchexplanationat thatis taken alone—but is a method that that the first long distance is from

may reveal much interesting data New Zealand to Samoa ( or Tahiti to support a given theory. Let us or Tonga), the second long dissee how the traditions of the tance from Samoa to Hawaii, the

Polynesians support the origin third long distance from Hawaii theory given above. to America, and the joining of the

All of the Hawaiian traditions spirits is the place of Hagoth's on origin point to the east and indeparture where the two great fer that their people came from the American continents are joined, "land of the rising sun."This

is almost universal agreecould only mean the Americas, for '"THERE these two great western continents ment on the general homostretch almost from pole to pole. geneity of the Polynesians. This

Other Hawaiian traditions say that does not mean that their stock is for there unhave pure, absolutely their sailed of people southsome

TOP: MAORI MEETcontacts and a been doubtedly few leIslands. to other ward Maori INGHOUSE. it peoples, other but mixtures with this contention supports gend by

claiming a voyage from "Hawaiki,"does mean that the Polynesians are SECOND: 1930 HUi

a term which is very similar to related to each other in a greater TOA, HAWKS BAY, "Hawaii."The pronunciation of degree than they are related to NEW ZEALANP

these two words is nearly the same, other races or groups. Language

MAORI THE a THIRD: very are common; and slight changes be exsimilarities could PRESSHONGI (NOSE this of is "Aloha"good example during long pected time separaING).

tions. Legends of Samoa, Tonga, from Hawaii, "Talofa"from

and Tahiti are similar in many Samoa, and "Aroha"from New BOTTOM: TYPICAL

ways. Curiously enough, all PolyZealand, all terms meaning the MAORI CARVING.

nesian traditions seem to support same thing. Some words are identhe theory of American origin. tical with several of the Islands.

It is common for a Maori to be

An interesting example of this able partially to understand a is found among the Maoris of New speaker from one of the other of Zealand. custom odd An adPolynesian groups, and visa versa.

is Duncan, one of those to go to the dressing the practiced here dead to a large extent. In it the speaker Culturetrait similarities are so Laie temple in 1920, succeeded in

tells the departed to go back to numerous among these peoples that tracing his genealogy back for over where he came from, and in doing it will be unnecessary here to disone hundred generations. In goso he uses the following words, cuss them all. To say that these ing over some of the Hawaiian

"I haere mai matou i tawhiti nui, similarities are conclusive enough genealogies and comparing them i tawhiti roa, i tawhiti pamamoa, to well establish the interrelation- with his own, he discovered that i te hono i wairua,"which means, ship of the various Polynesian the name "Hema"appeared in both "Go back a long distance, another groups is sufficient. lines back sixtyfive generations.

long distance, and another long A striking proof of the blood This was a startling discovery, distance, to the joining of the relationship between the Maoris and in continuing the comparisons spirit."This tradition is interand the Hawaiians was found in he found that one of the parents

preted by nearly eight thousand 1920 when a party of fourteen of Hema was "Whaetiri"in Maori

Mormon Maoris today in two difNew Zealand natives went to the and "Aekiri"in Hawaiian, the ferent ways, but each interpretaHawaiian temple to do work for word being the same one even tion ties up with the American contheir dead. Through a peculiar though it had undergone slight

tinent and the Book of Mormon. custom of singing genealogies in changes due to the separation of

The one explanation is that the their meetings, the Maoris have the tribes. Then he found that

first long distance is from New had wonderful success in preservthese two genealogies coincided

Zealand to Hawaii, the second long ing a knowledge of their ancestors from there on back as far as they distance from Hawaii to America, and their lines of descent. Wiramu were compiled. These and other

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

discoveries at that time and later support to the conclusions I have JJRDLICKA, noticing the simihave given convincing evidence drawn above. But, while they do larity in culture traits between

that the Maoris came from the nothing to prove these conclusions, American Indians and Polynesians,

Hawaiian Islands. The first disthey also do nothing to disprove makes a similar observation to

covery of this fact in 1920 caused them. Clark Wissler says the folWissler:

such a sensation in Hawaii as to lowing in speaking of the similar- "It is probable that the western capture the headlines of the newsities of American Indians and coast of America, within the last papers and cause the Hawaiians Polynesians 2,000 years, was on more than one to celebrate in royal fashion "With the Polynesians the occasion reached by small parties throughout the Islands. agreements are chie[ly in pigmenof Polynesians."

tation and to some extent the hair. He is also speaking of the origin

TF we admit that the Hawaiians... Among such traits as blowof the American Indians and he

came from America and that all guns, plank canoes, hammocks, concludes that in the main they of the Polynesians are closely relime chewing, headhunting cults, did not come from Polynesia, but lated, we are likely to conclude that the man's house, and certain maskhe says nothing to disprove the all of the Polynesians came from ed dances common to the New theory of the Polynesians coming

America, probably at the time of World and the Pacific Islands, from America. In fact, by admitHagoth. But there are other ethting that culture traits are similar,

nological considerations to make and by denying that the American before closing the subject. Indians came from Polynesia, he

The linguistic approach to our only strengthens the argument that problem is full of possibilities. It the Polynesians came from Amerwould be interesting to see the ica.

Maori "Maia"compared with the Ettie A. Rout, in her recent book

American "Maya."These words on "Maori Symbolism,"contends

have similar meanings and are provery strongly that the Maoris are nounced exactly the same. ScholIsraelites and even suggests that

ars may some day find a connection the migration started somewhere among the Biblical "Tekel,"the in Assyria (The Maori word for

Maori "Tiki,"and the Mexican the starting place is "Ihira"), went "Tikol."Certain studies have from there to the American contishown a possible connection benent, and then to the Islands of the

tween the names of Maori tribes Pacific ocean. She served as govand the Arawa, Arawaki, and ernment reporter in New Zealand

Iroquois tribes of America. I and gathered her material by firstwill not burden this article with hand methods without relying upmore examples of word simion previous European writings.

larities because as yet only a This is a fact that makes her conmere start has been made in this clusions even more valuable. There

particular study, but I will say in will not be space in this present passing that there is much evidence article to review all of her splendid of a linguistic nature in support of material, most of which gives supthe American Origin theory. Cerport to what we have been saying,

tain Maori dancers that have visbut I commend the book itself to ited this country claim that they IN THE ISLANDS OF THE SOUTH SEAS those who are interested.

were able to understand the spoken Photo by Author Culturetrait similarities between language of some of the American America and Polynesia are numerIndians and the sign language of there appears the tendency to mass ous. The geometric design, which

nearly all they contacted. on the Pacific side of the New is found in both places, is an out-

... are World. There abundant this. standing of example MexClifford in article E. an Gates to that data the Polynesians show icans of the the Cordilleras use

in found the Scientific of Monthly are arrivals in recent the Pacific."of type same as the wargong New September, 1922, of speaks the Zealand Maoris. is and Customs of here the speaking Wissler Polynesians the as of "Caucasians traditions in are almost cases many origin of the Indians, American and Pacific."the says: apHe "The identical. facts All help of these that he concludes even they though characteristicspearance and the of to establish contention of our the Isthe contacts Pacific had with at pointpeople to once a Caucasian probable these connections among lands originate did they not fromlineage."his in Albin G. Matson, lands peoples. and there. says However, Wisslerrecent discussion Improvement Era

to nothing the disprove theory course there are the always Ofof "Blood the Groupings Among the Polynesians coming from that claim who of indigenists—thoseIndians,"points significant out the

America. In fact, he infers that the same culture trait may developfact that the Polynesians have a

very similar blood test to that of the Polynesians are later arrivals naturally in more than one place, the American Indians. Such studthan the American Indians and he and that finding the same trait in admits contacts between America two or more places does not necesies as these are encouraging.

It is still Islands. sarily and the Pacific that mean there have been

to believe, 'However, some scientific theories reasonable then, contacts. that the indigenistic explaThe

of the day on race origin give little Polynesians came from America, (Continued on page 711)

IN THE HILL AND LAKE COUNTRY INTERIOR OF ARGENTINE.

to the Argentine The AMAZINGCOMING today you are reminded of the America of twenty yearsago. That is to say, you find here ARGENTINE

the buoyancy, the confidence, the vitality as it country of our own By MARC T. GREENE in the wonderful Herewas then.

South American republic you hear no talk of "depression"and see little evidence of any. For, relrich pampas as they thrive nowhere Here, then, is one of the world's

atively speaking, there has been else on earth. most promising lands today, pernone down here. True, the ArThe ranches are very largely haps one of its great hopes of the

gentine has had its economic trials. Englishowned and the largest of future. There is room for milIts enormous foreign trade in them all are those of the British lions, room and opportunity. Nameats and cereals, which amountmeat-extract company called "Bovture has provided richly and she

ed in 1928 to threequarters of a ril."One of their estancias conawaits the hand of man to utilize

million tons of the former and to tains a quarter of a million acres those riches. The people already

more than four millions of the latand more than 30,000 cattle. The in the country are of the pioneerter, had fallen off four years later managers and foremen here, as on ing, empirebuililing stock. They

to half that amount. But now the many other Argentine ranches, are are a blend of the blood of Latin

upward trend is once more markAustralians and, paradoxically and Nordic and a good blend, for edly in evidence. And in any case enough, they are overseeing the the refugees and outlaws and reckeven half of the above amounts stockraising industry that is so less adventurers of the early days

was sufficient export trade to keep seriously disturbing the meatpro- have long since been replaced by a nation of only 12,000,000 people ducing interests of their own earnest and sturdy pioneers from from economic distress. country. all the European countries as well

as by some from the United States.

One of the amazing things about And so here now you find law and the fact that Argentine is this very little culture, de- a not order and been has T. GREENE people,it has but 12,000,000 of reporter out veloped chaos yet MARCfor years a that was a traveling

its area is fourfifths that of Europe for some of the leading magazines worse than that of California in

Isles, theincluding British including with newspapers, and the '49. valiant find, too, the same You

Monitor. Science Recentits Christiantheir Moreover, 350,000,000. spirit old of the West, American his articles of quoted ly one wascultivatable utilized area been has build determination here the an to Digest."in Readers'"The

thus far to the extent of less than This is the second article he has empire where men may live in reaone-sixth, except, of course, for the written especially for The Improvesonable content and free of the first the being one (cattle Era, one estanciasgreat ment ranges) dread spectre of of evermenacing dealt the "Paradise with which the world'swhere is produced economic uncertainty. Pacific."thefinest beef. of wheat Vast amounts mishas met Mr. Greene Mormon

(corn) areand grown, maize but sionaries lands, as this arin many this it is innothing the least in TNTO such a country as ticle indicates, is interested degree comand parable to the possibilities. Everytheir going into South America. He a wise thing for the Mormon

thing favors agricultural produchas been impressed by their deChurch to send its young men berather than their docmeanor by in cause, own experience as mytion here. are no extremes There confesses, trine about he he which, all over the encountering them failureof weather of water no and little. but knows

supply. The evidence of what that In this article one gets some idea world declares, they are a wholemeans is found in the marvelous of the great lands which lie beyond some and cleanly influence. I say

great in peoples which the Equator this as as concerns so far a layman,condition of the cattle, Aberdeen just into emerging what may little or noththat church, knowingAngus, Hereford and greatthe world's of some Fresian arebecome mostly, bred of the best English est nations. ing of its doctrines, only finding

prize stock and thriving here on the (Continued on page 708) 4.11 I IIA SILVER

Synopsis: Mr. Tom Reynolds, a WestEy CLAIRE W. N04LL

erner by birth, but a New Yorker by business, loses his fortune in the depression, and decides to take his family out to their disappeared. Gray branches were just one hope, that she really would

bordered ranch the Uinta which Utah to establish a spattered with green. And Dadai live to see the campsite beyond the Mountains. intend They

guide camp at Mirror Lake in the Uintas had smiled as her mountain eyrie ridge at Mirror Lake. Tom and

to take fishermen into the primitive areas. was warmed with new sunshine. the others expected to leave by

title the to threathas ranch been The horses were brought in from horseback twentyfour hours later. The

creditors. of ened Adams, one Tom's by in readiness range and picketed, fact establish to the had the that has heTom

their for to climb Mirror. up his Tom, the Eileen property to daughter deeded Mirror, at as IN OW, in in faith the to order ranch. save good Slim, of one McClain, the cowboys,

sign, they put the surveyed she their leave family beauReynolds The Eileen, cross to were and Jimmie tiful in to her through York commence home her husband's arm and New ridge. the get to hoped They life inin Eileen the becomes West. the from walked highway away twelve fourteen horses saddle is stain the forest terested and Ranger who

in tioned at the Uintas Lake Rainbow their down the side road to their new riding animals over pack by camp. in the office sees she of him when leading others. the mounts and the own

in not supervisor Provo. But does he trousers refused exShe to wear to return the to ranch. was Mac return Rebuffed, her interest. fancies she her riding cept took she when felt uneasy developments be they about Adams'there may when Tom

meet at Rainbow. To her surprise, the claim, and he would leave the place lesson from Tom. Eileen was at

that before time. occur developments in nothing else. Cords, home She with no less McClain. a man than isolated spot her meets in an on him own flannel shirt, tengallon hat was, as Reynolds working boots, As busy fly, the ranch. Eileen sparks Again and leaves abruptly. out his scheme for the guidecamp,—her regular habit.

he was forever searching in his "Oh Tom, do you think she'll

CAMP REYNOLDS mind for added means of proof ever be a lady again?"asked Dadai

SaddleHorses—-PackHorses to establish his integrity and good mournfully as Eileen and Jimmie

Guides intentions about the deed. He'd went skipping down the road, folTo the Interior of the hadhe'd nowrittenword toin MinganswerLow.to a letterAnd lowedat theirbyheels.Chance and Spot barking

UINTAS Adams was being nasty. "Of course, Eileen's always a

Fishing Parties a Specialty Tom planned to send a sheeplady. Aren't you her mother?"

wagon thirty miles down the "Sweet."

Weber River to Oakley with Tom took up his hammer and

Squint, another horsewrangler nails. their furniputting was He do.HERE! How at to help camp. was Dadai who T, like ture together with lumber that?"heyou had exclaimed Tom,

in to ride the was wagon. Her thecocking the hauled from on at camp one eye the newly CCC fluttered heart the natural so from side divide. other of Slim thepainted sign and just at set he had up

terror assails eastso which many driving posts Squint fencethe side of were the highroad the where way dips down to Mirror Lake. erners in the presence of high to picket the corral. Tom was

great mountains and open for spaces fixing real comfort. outdoor "Snorky, Daddy. That ought it inadvisbeen would have most yetto not Dadai had seen the meanbring 'em in,"said Eileen.

for able drive to her steep the over ing of that in these surthat's swell, word "Gimminy, Daddy!

to Mirror. narrow road could Tom roundings. tellDid put up you to Uncle Sam

later. for the car come down Twothat sign?"asked Jimmie. laid their tent floor with had He milk to the follow good were cows

"Don't be naive, Jim,"said wagon in which would be packed broad planks, and covered the upEileen with a superior air. the tent top, an iron stove, and the right beams with canvas. He had

"What's naive?"kitchen utensils. The pack train set up a bed of rough pine boards

"Simple!"would carry everything but the and had made a crude cupboard.

the stove. corner stood the of their belongings. The In "Uncle Sam gave me permission bulkiest table space for a There was and to stay all night have party wouldto put it up, son."

Eileen benches. and had Jimmie the distance Oakley; from

at "Well, any rate, it can their in the beds sheep wagon. is to great Mirror too be Timberin Toesseen,"Dadai's was on comment a tent. Squint occupied Slim and trip for one day's team. Here bythe enterprise. family all building been busy had to big They for intended a Dadai shop

They had arrived at their new order of groceries. Not for noth- a trough to bring down their spring

campsite but recently. ing had Florella McClain been water, constructing a "desert reOne day, while they were still teaching her the lore of the mounfrigerator"of gunny sacks for their

over at Timber Toes, late spring tain woman. After her arrival at mountain habitat, and making one

had stolen in and lifted winter's the ranch, when Dadai's meals had enclosure for the cows and another mantle from the shoulders of the not been seasoned with the salt for the horses. Eileen was so

hills before their very eyes. With from her tears, they had hardly handy with the axe, hammer, and

a rush and a heave great masses of been seasoned at all; but she was saw, the cooking was left pretty

solid snow were released from high trying to get the upper hand of this much to Dadai.

passes to settle in drifts of powdery life for Tom's sake. No one said a word if the fish

white below. And then, they too, She set out in the wagon with or the meat was raw in the middle.

ILLUSTRATED BY FIELDING K. SMITH

or the bread was burned black on the outside.

"Delicious!"pronounced the

family. "Thanks/'nodded Dadai—and

not a smile was feigned.

One evening, just as she dropped the last piece of cheese in a kettle of campers'goulash the dogs began to bark with a note of greeting in their husky voices.

Looking out of the tent door, she saw Tom going to meet a little man coming down the road on horseback. "Dave!''she heard him say, "I

knew you'd come."

Tom grasped Morley's hand, and walked back down the road beside the horse. "Man, you're

just in time. Can you sit around

with a plate on your lap?

"Dadai,"he called, as he saw her in the doorway. "Our first guest.

You remember Dave Morley. He's

come to pay us a woodsman's call."

"How nice. Do come in, Mr.

Morley,"said Dadai, as if she were inviting him into her drawing room.

A gleam shot from Morley's smiling eyes as he shook her hand.

It was not lost on Dadai. Are you

amused? thought she. But his

friendship was so sincere and hearty her trust in him grew, and her confidence in herself strengthened as she uncovered a dutch oven of steaming beans she took from a beanhole in the ground.

"Boy, does that make a man hungry!"said Morley. "But I'm

not eating 'til I've said 'howdy'to that little dog of yours. Where's

he hiding?"

"Pirn's curled up under the blanket on the bed in the tent. Are

you laughing up your sleeve, Mr.

Morley?"asked Dadai, as Morley's

grin crept into full being.

"Can you ask an honest man a question like that? But I do want

a look at that dog."

Just then Eileen and Jimmie came running up the path in answer to the ringing sound of the iron pipe

Tom lightly touched as their call

Squint—theyto supper. Inall atecametogether.Slim and

(Continued on page 715)

STUNNED BY THE SICKENING PAIN, AS THE

SNOWY FLAKES SPUN AROUND HER HEAD,

SHE SANK TO THE GROUND IN A DIZZY

"A LANE) CHOICE ABO By HYRliM SCHNEIDER

The Lord would not suffer that they should stop beyond the sea in the wilderness, but he would that they should come forth even unto the land of promise, which was choice above all other lands, which the Lord had preserved for a righteous people."

statement is found THEin abovethe Book of Mormon,

Ether 2:7, and was made by

Moroni concerning Jared and his followers, purported to have settled

North America about 2,300 B. C.

America has been a land of promise not only to Jared and his followers but also to many who have come to her shores in recent years. She has indeed fulfilled the

prophecy of a land "which was choice above all other lands."The

United States became the richest nation in the world largely because of her geographic position and her vast natural resources. We are

particularly fortunate in possessing rich deposits of those minerals that are especially important in the world of today.

dreamed of in an earlier period GARFIELD SMELTERS—GARFIELD, UTAH

In this age of speed and induswould have been branded as supertrial development, minerals are natural or impossible. cover a square mile to a depth of

more important than ever before. If by some means our supply of over 2,300 feet, or nearly twice the

Just how important they are we coal, petroleum, iron, and copper height of the highest building in fully realize only when the normal were suddenly wiped out, the steam the world.

supply is cut off. During the World engine, the dynamo, and the gasOf this vast total annual proWar the importance of minerals oline engine would soon be placed duction, over 85 per cent comes

to military efficiency was realized in museums with other relics of from North America and Europe.

as never before. Though no one past ages. The countries that are generally

nation is supplied with all of the It does not mean very much to thought of as the leading counthirty or more minerals that enter most of us, when we say that.the tries of the world are the principal

industry, into modern some are yearly output of the world's minproducers.

'better supplied than others and, is eral resources over two billion consequently, have a distinct adminerals tons. have get a better ALTHOUGH picture We

less vantage over those abundantly their long been used are told by man, when that we if each year's blessed. production were spread on the production on a large scale did not

Mineral resources have played surface as a uniform mass it would begin until near the middle of the an important role in making the last century. With the industrial

United States the richest and most development of the world, the pro1T\R. is a HYRUM SCHNEIDER earth. powerful nation on use of minerals has duction and *-** geologist at the University of increased enormously. the Many minused We have therefore, and, terms stone Utah he speaks when

age, bronze age, and coal age to of the precious things of this counerals have contributed to our indesignate different periods of hutry—referring to the metals—he dustrial age, but of outstanding

man progress. In our age the outknows whereof he speaks. importance are the basic minerals

Dr. Schneider, besides being the a of standing minerals coal, are iron, age—iron, coal, petroleum, scientist, of the is a member Church, copper. and copper, petroleum. civand Our as the article will indicate.

ilization differs essentially from all Because the U. S. Army made We can get an idea of the real

previous civilizations in our extenthe accompanying pictures of Utah significance of a combination of sive development and use of power mines and mills available for use coal and iron in bringing about industrial growth from Allegheny and powerdriven machines. Power withthem thealthougharticle, ourwe readersare runningare

and machines have made possible aware of the fact that the entire County, Pennsylvania. There is

many things (including radio continent is dotted with similar illustrated the fact, that where broadcasting ) that today are conscenes as well as oil derricks. iron ore joins coal for the producsidered commonplace, which if tion of iron and steel, a host of

ftVE ALL OTHER LANDS

viable position. Not only is the

United States first in the production of coal, iron, copper, and petroleum, but it is also first in the production of other important industrial minerals such as lead, zinc, and sulphur.

HPHE minerals of the earth belong to the inhabitants thereof, if they will make use of them. Scientific research and the application

of principles thus discovered have made possible the extensive use of minerals for the benefit of man.

Unselfish scientific workers have done much to harness and use the energy which has long been stored in the earth in the form of mineral resources. Competent engineers

tell us that American power plants and automotive engines make available for each man, woman, and child in the United States, the equivalent of the work of sixty adult slaves. Unfortunately these

power slaves work largely for a

MINE, OPEN CUT COMPANY'S for COPPER UTAH every than few, rather obtain control of petroleum re select UTAH CANYON, BINGHAM child. Power and man, woman, serves. 15 Photo Air Corps U. S. Army, Photo:

Section, Crissy Field, San Francisco The production of copper inslaves have actually displaced creased enormously the first 25 American workmen and have thus other industries usually grow up. years of the 20th century. In 1925 helped to impoverish many of the

file of the country while W. T. Thorn, Jr., in his book, the world produced nearly three rank and

"Petroleum and Coal,"says: times as much as it did in 1900. working for the creation of huge

"Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, Although copper has many uses, fortunes for a few.

(Pittsburg and vicinity) contains its most important use is in the "For behold this is a land which some five thousand manufacturing electrical industry. When we stop is choice above all other lands;

establishments, which during 1925 to think of the important role that wherefore he that doth possess it turned out products worth more electricity plays in the world of shall serve God, or shall be swept than $3,000,000,000 or more than today, we must also realize the imoff; for it is the everlasting decree

the money value of the products portance of copper. of God. And it is not until the fulstates of 41 the of 48 of one any children the iniquity of ness among total estimated the In 1929 tonnage moved the of Union. The off. are that swept the land of they States of the was United wealth County, into, or of Allegheny out this you, unto cometh "And wealth the double combined almost O rail water, year, the during and by the Gentiles, that ye know may Britain, and ye of Germany, Great tontotal the combined exceeded rethat of decrees ye may God, production the Likewise France. Boston, and of York, nages New inin continue pent, your not and iron, coal, copper, of petroleum and Liverpool."until that iquities fulness come, the in the than States more United was

Since the invention of the gasdouble the combined production of ye may not bring down the fuloline engine, and its varied use in France, England, and Germany. ness of the wrath of God upon

supplying power on the farm, on In 1929 the United States produced you, as the inhabitants of the land the road, in the air, and on the 46.5 per cent of the world's total hath hitherto done."( Ether 2:10,

battlefield, petroleum has eclipsed production of coal, iron, copper, 11.)

coal and iron as the most coveted and petroleum. France ranked We have misery and want in a

earth product. Although the prosecond with 7.9 per cent, Germany land of plenty. Millions of men

duction of petroleum was large at third with 7.4 per cent, and the willing and anxious to work are

the close of the World War, the United Kingdom fourth with 6.3 unable to find work. The New

production of 1929 was more than per cent. York State Baumes Commission

double that in 1918. So important To be able to produce nearly estimated that crime is costing the

in peace and war are petroleum and half of the world's total production United States thirteen billion dolits products that competition has of the basic mineral products of lars a year. On the other hand,

been keen among world powers to the age, places a nation in an en- (Continued on page 707)

IN THE GEORGE F. PAULWORLDS

WONDIR ART one considers all of GALLERYWHENthe remarkable art galleries that dot the civilized world, each containing priceless not very spry attendants. Only

paintings and treasured works of a thin pane of glass separates the sculpture, he may realize how unvisitor's hands from the diamondusual must be the collection in the hilted sword of Napoleon BonaPalace of the Louvre in Paris to parte, valued at a mere four hunwarrant its being called the greatdred thousand dollars. Here, too,

est in the world. Distant visitors are the sword and spurs of the

to Paris seldom leave the metropmighty Charlemagne, the caskets olis without spending some delightand gems that belonged to the ful hours in viewing this masterFrench queens, and even the fapiece and glorying in a civilizamous Regent diamond, valued at tion that has expressed itself in three million dollars, and considersuch a charming variety of artistic ed one of the finest in the world.

forms. Whole volumes have been writThe Louvre is unique. It does ten about the treasures of the

not seem to belong to France alone. Louvre, preeminent among them

It belongs to the world. Strangers being the "Winged Victory of

in many lands have known from Samothrace."This majestic figure

infancy some of the great masteris headless and armless, but that pieces that the Louvre contains, matters little. She stands on the

and when at last they stand before prow of a trireme, and for everythese masterpieces, they feel that one that sees her with any imagithey have at last come home to nation she must for all time be the something that is their very own. symbol for triumphant and splenonset. did TOP: ONE GREAT OF THE MAGNETS THAT If any one of its departments, VISITORS DRAW TO THE LOUVRE—VENUS little a In central compartment

MILO. OF Painting, or Antiquities, Sculpture of the choicest CENTER: some ARTISTS COPYING PRICELESS

be destroyed, the world TREASURES—THE MONA LISA.—should treasures of art chief are found, of them BOTTOM: CLEANING THE WORLD'S GREATEST Italianwould suffer a loss that would reestablish- ART GALLERY. safely Lisa,""Mona

never be repaired; yet it is well to ed as Queen of the Louvre after

remember that there are many, precious that one would expect to her astonishing adventures as the even among the French people, see them guarded by a squad of spoil of a thief. It is Leonardo who

who have not always held this soldiers instead of by one or two gives the Louvre its special distincview. Not long ago, Communists tion as a picture gallery.

poured petroleum this edifice over visitor F. passes as the is a Chidown /GEORGE And PAUL

it, toand undermined intending -* cagoan contributes who persculptures, of ar- a long he avenue blow it up. A single spark could ticles and photographs to magazines ceives in the distance the most reand newspapers throughout thehave produced that explosion an of all the beautiful nowned country. In this article takes he the inwould have put whole world relics of of Venus one behind in the scenes the world's andantiquity,—themourning. the was, Louvre As it art It gallery wonder incredible that as and allows Milo. one seems

so narrowly escaped destruction to know a little of the qualities recently as 1820 this peerless figure that only which the makes rare Louvre by fortune good do really lay the little in the earth buried on great.its still of works to genius remain in of island the MediterMelos Those fortunate have been whofurnish us inspiration with and deto visit ranean. barShattered enough some the great by gallery

light. and those who will have the opporbaric hand, it had been buried

of tunity doing will in the future so magnificent most One of the years. there for probably 1400 One

this brief statement while. worthapartments of the is the find Louvre a peasant while day Yorgas named galleries Art are treasurethe

Gallery of Apollo. The visitor vaults of the soul in which men was at work in his orchard rooting

can spend hours with profit in this preserve their most priceless posup the stump of a dead tree, what room alone. Even the ceiling is sessions, net as bankers hoard their was his surprise on loosening it

gold in vaults light from and away picture gallery,a each painting and it his to grasp into have fall from vision of their fellows, as but is placed gilded in its own hole. a peered and down He frame. thethe Creator his hangs treasures

Upon the walls are lifesize porwhere everybody who is interested gazed intently, then leaped into the traits wrought in Gobelin tapestry. enough to seek them out, may see. hole and dug frantically till he had

In the glass cases are objects so {Continued on page 706)

I Present Marba C* JosephsonMay

By EMILY HL EENNETT

JOSCANNONMARBA I present EPHSON—may

her to Era readers? "I

knew her when"—well, first, when

she was a rather roly, poly freshman at L. D. S. high school—an

enchanting, jolly youngster whose underlying sweet seriousness added piquancy to her almost continuous giggling,

I knew her fairly well from then until she was a senior at the University of Utah. She was a wise,

eager, insatiable young student;

with an unconscious dignity and sincerity of purpose that was highlighted by her gift for skylarking.

Even then, she had a smooth genius for organizing her energies and eliminating hectic windups.

Then for a few years, I lost intimate contact and saw her again only just before she was married.

Lo! She was carrying those high

tension, prenuptial days with the same light, sure touch that made her school days so joyous and profitable.

I knew her when she was raising all her little half brothers and sistersfamily—veryand beginningserious andon herresponown

sible undertakings in the eyes of her friends, but carried on by

Marbaefficiency—awith sortthe ofmosteasyengagingcontrol

with her left hand while her right reached out for destiny's guiding touch.

She needed that right hand just where she had settled it. A

strange cataclysm took place. Men

it Itcalled the depression. shook C. JOSEPHSON MARBA in It is old. significant that even

Co'urtesy Studio Photograph Wilcox It its roots. to familyJosephson timetaxing strenuous, her most

frills, all offtore of the of the most completely struggles, never rather has she well her I know nowcomforts, of the seeming and many life. I social her can well nearly though not enough. She abandoned

itnecessities. the also bared But

at beautifully a preside into luncheon to dig the family records had fortifications withinnumerable his for biographical anyone, data, meet on and anywhere but many equipthewhich were Josephsons

I level. truths real the about know own womanped. scarcely anything There was

I for myself. or of one two know is a delightful Marbathat couldn't do and Marba do

I faults, calls her as them. she to sound sweet andwell, raising carrots from and the core—stillperson a great almost of her know many merry, impish, but sometimes postailoring to regiving clothes book

I virtues. unlimited of some know of sessed ripened judgment and P.views teaching and T. A. her capacities insists she and what rich of digwomancourses. could wholeShe make scholarship—a limitations. terming her on nity, poise, humor. and fruit sell to confections oversome

candy counters and she could teach f KNOW her outstanding success Others have volunteered their the art of conversation. She learnas a teacher and how high her impressions of Marba Josephson:

ed that canned milk is drinkable; students rate her in vision, inspirashe has a joyous love of fun, sound

that sunshine is a very good subtion, and direction. I know somesense, good judgment, great faith,

stitute for cod liver oil; and that thing of her spirit, her love of life generous willingness to assist

she couldn't afford to be sick. and delight in and (Continued on page 707) people—young

POETRY Armistice Day November Rains I Put on the Night

By Eleanor A. Chaffee By Clara Aiken Speer By Julia W. Wolfe

I put off the day and the a garment, old November the beyohd last horizon where it GRAYFROM mine; that are weeps AScares all the day, see, Through ours to is not

They come to hill and valley from the Grieving for falltime beauty One star at my window is set like a candle spaces that are free; Faded away. ashine.

army lost, invisible, are gathered inThe

For at October's passing There's a wind in the room, cool and sweet, today,

Glimpses he caught it bears wings and on its streets the and villages where crowdThey that resplendent Of quiet fragrance and sleep and and pageant Old flags sway. banners and

Beside the marble monuments, beside the Autumn had wrought. dreams of old things.

grieve, that hearts quiet are the winds when And into past slipped the the has on a walk, Today remembered cleareyed andThe still, listens He journey unknown. leave: soldiers here on elfin there's music Thinking

is safe; tonight God's and is Tomorrow hill. the Over

to them own. are given is they is my welcomeThe

like holy wine O for the hues of laughter,

Poured out in golden chalices, drunk at Golden and red! Like a candle my star in the west burns

a roadside shrine. for the painted glory low with its light.

Beyond the last horizon they are gathered So quickly sped! As a beautiful garment of rest I put on

back again: the night.

From hearth and road and countryside, Thus old November weeps.

from frosty path and lane, All through the day,

They go with peace about their hearts. Gray old November weeps Two Before a Hearth Fire

stay. And cannot as walk men who know They

goes wherlike comrade By Ethel Romig Fuller a. memoryThat

ever they may go.

The Day of Returning IT'SAs Ialmostam sittingtoo muchhere tonightto be sowithhappyyou

Sons By Nellie Suydam Cowley Beforesnappy,the hearth fire, crackling bright and

.. flue. in the lullaby crooned windv Pratt A Zenor Grace By transplanted, I've while day EACH aloud, read with a magazine you You trimmed, raked, and shining lamplight dark dear flying, your on flags, The amid go seen them HAVE for the hours felt waited I've Mother my hair, heldI heads defeat, with or victory To garden loved ordered, her clean and When, told lovely golden mine's a (You've me high; plots

cloud), march away them watchedHave seas to perfumed Spring sung by Were fair? will brunette, or our be baby die! to not suffer, but God, toPerhaps flowers. of

1 bird; feel like in fluttering a a me lips, mute with smilingI my here stand

I It takes lay breath sewing... my my too, mute, heart is columthousand Spring's done. work A down; but where tomorrow, of some dreadWith bines

little soft white the pick you up And burn memories butterflies. like fluttering tethered Are gown, praying, yes, and watching, andWaiting bees, larkspur for bell the the towers High

... it in say gaze on awe. Ours! you.. To return their forPraying spires

the word little sons they were yesterday,.myBut seas of summer blues and stormy Show

.. sends arms. to Your That your me. today but soldier atPlaying skies.

tender kiss tall sons three up, are grown. my.They

this. Is to as as sweet hour amen an away. to marchEager pinks patchworkpatterned the And now

At home I keep their little battered toys are out, see; only I mayWhere The smiling pansies, appleblossom Affinity wore, a story book they coatsThe little stocks,

me. heart of theTrifles, that break Pale pink petunias, cream and mauve By Maude Blixt Trone small brave voices, childishI hear their peas, sweet

deeds, cold cliffs that loom above And frilled, dark red and salmon hollyAGAINST boyish laughter down the waitingTheir the sea hocks.

years She strained to catch the symphonies

I cannot see the glory, Lord, nor feel the Each day I've thought she would retrace some hear pride the trail While chilling fogs rolled up, and misery

Because of tears. Through Death's dark canyon filled with Was chorded with low undertones of

chill and gloom, fear.

Forest Ranger's Wife And night.surely, she'll come home again toShe searchedsun for beauty where a ghoulish

By Stanley G. Allen Forwillsee!bloom.Tomorrow her white rose AndPourssickeneddeath asintoshea desert'scountedgreedyone bybowl,one

bleaching water near Bones a poisoned style, is log cabin of home hole.HER Generations clean; curtained and but Ancient, cries that with Small homesick wonder

mile ridgecradled is a lawnHer flung she Virginia Eggertsen By green. emerald valley, deepOf Herself pure the earth where upon

streams flow, big held hand a near; neighbor comes gossiping T WHONo soil, tears the clean dark Blessed with * speaks spring breeze moon a mountain Under softly theYet

clung and little last at listen hear hand a Teach and can one whoTo fingers grateful cool mosses where With creeks; spoon. forests hold a of and secrets ToThe

grow.

To one who can smile as the hills 1 who kissed a manly mouth, The forest sang to have her back, and

Grow purple in duskscarves of night; While I reminisce, high

To one who can know the calm thrills Teach at last a little mouth Green canyon walls rose smiling to the

Of Home on a far, cloudkissed height. To make a kiss. sky.

oCHURCH MOVE onat that time Heber J. Grant. Oakley Branch whichIndians Fill Missions ence by President

The Society for the Aid of the Sightbelonged to the Tooele Stake over

KflORONI TIMBIMBOO and Henless, of which Elder George Albert which President Grant presided.

ry Woonsook, fullblood InSmith is president, has been workingdians, have been called to labor as on the matter for some time and have Homestead Ward—

elders on the Fort Peck Indian reserfinally worked out the necessary deSacramento Stake vation in the Central States Mission. tails. Printing on the book will likely Elder Stephen L. Richards dediThese men both won recognition by begin soon. cated a chapel in this ward.

their outstanding work among their own people in the Malad Stake of The Church Moves On Landmark

Zion. TOURING the years that proselytAn old cottonwood tree near the

Springville is to chapel Third Ward ing has been going forward amongDr. John A. Widtsoe Teaches preserved be as a landmark. This the Saints, Latterday the immigraat Southern California tion of Saints to the United States tree is 40 feet high and was there

first the pioneers came to fallen has into the following classiwhen editorF\R. A. WIDTSOE, JOHN

Springville in 1850.: fication of and a Era The Improvement

member of the council of the Twelve From Great Britain, sixty thousand. Lion House Social Center

Apostles, is lecturing at the University From the Scandinavian countries, of Southern California in Los Anthirty-five thousand. The building between the Lion

geles. Dr. Widtsoe is presenting From Germany and other counHouse and the BeeHive House has

Mormon philosophy and practice to tries, twenty thousand. been added to the Social Center. This

those who are interested in religious building was, for many years, the education. Recent Occurrences office of the First Presidency of the

As Reported by the Church.

President Colton Lauds Historian's Office Brigham Young University

Cumorah states, Students 26 the District from Hagerman—Blaine Stake of foreign Columbia, and from counPRESIDENT DON B. COLTON

expressed the view that the new PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT tries have registered at the B. Y. U.

monument on the Hill Cumorah would dedicated a chapel at Hagerman It is expected that the enrollment will be an important factor in the preon Sunday, September 15, 1935. Fifty exceed 2,200.

sentation of the Gospel to people years ago this area was part of the {Continued on page 699) living in the Eastern States Mission and especially in New York state.

He announced that plans for an information bureau are already being laid. This bureau will be located

near or on the Hill Cumorah and will be manned by missionaries.

30,000 Have Heard Kimball in Washington Chapel DROFESSOR EDWARD P. KIM-

* BALL, Salt Lake Tabernacle organist, has attracted approximately 30,000 to the New Washington, D.

C. Tabernacle with his music, according to an Associated Press dispatch.

Professor Kimball celebrated recently his thirtieth anniversary as a tabernacle organist.

Seventies To Study Bible TN order properly to celebrate the * 400th anniversary of the printing of the complete Holy Bible, Seventies of the Church have been asked to make Bible study a project for next PROFESSOR B. F. LARSEN AND HIS ALPINE SUMMER SCHOOL ART CLASS, 1935

year. The Old Testament is to be

the special field for study. Art at Alpine Summer School Fairbanks, nationally known sculptor

of the University of Michigan. ProBook of Mormon to be DROFESSOR B. F. LARSEN, well fessor Fairbanks illustrated his lecture

* known artist, was director of art by modeling a piece in the presence ofPublished in Braille at the Alpine Summer School of Brighis audience.

'T'HE Book of Mormon is soon to ham Young University, which closed

A be published in Braille in order on August 23. He reports that he had The Alpine Summer School had

that the 127,000 blind people in the an unsually fine class of young artists. the largest enrollment in its history,

United States may have it available The activities of the art colony came according to Dean Hugh M. Woodfor reading, according to an anto a close with an art exhibit and an ward, an indication that the outdoor

nouncement made at general conferillustrated lecture by Professor Avard school is growing in popularity.

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

to treatment not only induces permanent in vitamin E, they were ableNew York's Planetarium rich highly hereditary but the substance changes produce a crystalline

ANOTHER planetarium has been potent in vitamin E. Analysis showed generations may produce alsofollowingother

**'built in the United States to give it to be a higher alcohol, each molechanges even without being X-rayed enjoyment and to add to the popular cule containing 29 atoms of carbon, themselves.

knowledge of the heavens. (Science 50 of hydrogen, and 2 of oxygen. After four years of experimentation

News Letter, Sept. 21, 1935.) It is a bulb has been made to grow a new

the Hayden Planetarium of the AmerProlonged Use of Alcohol generation of lilies that keep their ican Museum of Natural History in Causes Loss of Intelligence petals white by never shedding pollenNew York City. on them, so as not to disfigure the

In the planetarium the stars are DROLONGED use of alcohol may flowers.

projected onto a dark ceiling by an cause actual loss of intelligence Dr.

intricate apparatus ingenious made State C. by Harry Mahan, of Warren Windpipe's "Lid"Not Used optical Zeissthe famous at German Pa., reported Hospital, Warren,

company. The planetarium cannot the meeting of the American PsychoDuring Swallowing Food

see stars as the themonly show we logical Association. (Sciense News "lid"epiglottis of the or windHPHE

in minutes at night a few butnow Sept. Letter, 21, 1935.) pipe the guide food not does down planets, the the ofthe moon movement his conclusions bases Dr. Mahan right the the channel food keep and of rotation sun, yearly the theand fifty patients. alcoholic a of study on into the or windlarynx going from posishown.the heavens can be The trained highly example, an one As Interthe Fifteenth mistake, pipe by time at given stars thetion of any lost intelligence unprofessional man at Physiological Congress national

B. Draconis Alpha C.say 3000 when a ten a he had the mind of and told Dr. Oscar half Leningrad was by constellationof the Dragon The child. was tilyear old University. Russell, of State Ohio

Star, A. to 13,935the D. when North

17, Letter, August (Science News will the north be overhead,Vega, now Heavy Neon 1935.) minin seen but a few bestar—can parts throat of the which The three cent of per 99utes. PREPARATION

pure "heavy"neon, the gaseous prevent choking are known as the

Vegetable Fats Found element of the familiar neon sign, was cartilage of Wrisberg, the arytenoid cartilages, the pulvinar. and The first to the British AssociationNutritious announced larynx the two isolate by combined Science of for the Advancement

other forward movements, and theA7EGETABLE 13, Gus1935) by Dr.

Removal movement. a backward by v digestible and fatsare areperfectlycompletelysatistav(Science,Hertz ofSept.the SiemensHalske Comfactory in meeting body needs for fat. pany, Berlin. The separation of the of these three parts in cancer operAccording to Dr. Harry Steenboch two isotopes, one with an atomic ations on the larynx accounts for

of the University of Wisconsin, reweight of 20, and the heavier of 22 choking after food, following such an ported in Science, August 9, 1935, was accomplished by use of the diffuoperation.

it is not necessary to have fat from sion technique. The neon was drawn The purpose of the epiglottis is to

animals in the diet. through a battery of tubes containing vary the effective size of the opening

Experimental work on animals by porous material by mercury vapor of the larynx or voice box. It seems

Dr. Steenboch and his associates conpumps, enabling a concentrating of to oscillate up and down according to

firming similar work done elsewhere the normally one heavy neon atom in vocal requirements, but not to shut showed that the lack of fat in the ten, to 98 to 99 per cent in five hours. completely nor to have any tendency

diet results in abnormal symptoms, to close when food is taken.

stopping of growth.even ( Dr. Russell came, man, as a young

investigation showed all edible Man Will Be Able To Build from The Colorado to Brigham Young fats, vegetable and animal, including Any Element University for his earlier college abcompletely fats arehydrogenated in work. an authority is now He time, not T immeasur- a FORESEE is bepoint melting thesorbed phonetics. when

it distant, possible will ably be when temperature.low body

for to synthesize us element any slow to up tend compounds Some Capsule Breakfast Before whatever, and wherever when wefat digestion, with consumed when in please; service the indeed alchemy Colds Gives Immunity To prebenzoate, food athem. Sodium

of F. of Trinity man,"Aston Dr. W.servative, absorbed amount reduced of taking containing capsules HPHE British College, told the Cambridge, to Alin 4 hours 14%. from 54% cold measured vaccine of amounts for of Association the Advancement rate. the also reducedcohol markedly orof influenza pneumocci, made and Science. 13, Sept. (Science, 1935.) diet in of the slowed vitaminsLack ganisms reduced catarrhalis and physicist eminent an does M. Thus sum rate. this digestiondown last colds for persons cent per 50 445 the progress alchemists since up made

Vitamin E baserstrove elementsin vain forintocenturiesgold. to change withwinter.a halfThea glasscapsulesof coldwerewatertakenhalf

\7TTAMIN E, the fertility vitamin, an hour before breakfast every morn- v necessary if female animals are X-Ray Treatment of Plants ing. People with chronic colds were

to produce young, appears to be one greatly helped according to Drs.

of the higher alcohols. Evidence to HpHE effects of treatment of plants George E. Rockwell and Hermann C.

this effect was given by Drs. H. M. with X-rays to produce changes Van Kirk, of the University of C*n-

Evans, O. H. Emerson, and G. A. in their offspring is not limited to the cinnati, and Dr. H. M. Powell of ihe

Emerson of the University of Caliimmediate outcome. Prof. T. H. Lilly Research Laboratories, Indianfornia at the San Francisco meeting Goodspeed, of the University of Chiapolis. (Science, Aug. 23, 1935.1

of the American Chemical Society. cago, described to the Sixth InterAfter the first week of daily treat-

(Science, Aug. 23, 1935.) By suitable national Botanical Congress the efment weekly treatment was nereschemical treatment of a concentrated fect of X-ray bombardment. ( Science sary because of the shortlived imwheat germ extract, known to be News Letter, Sept. 7, 1935.) X-ray munity given by these organisms

CHALLENGE OE CHARM By KATIE C. JENSEN

"Take what God gives, O heart of mine, And build your house of happiness

Perchance others have been given more But many have been given less;

The treasure lying round your feet

Whose value you but faintly guess.

Another builder looking on Would barter Heaven to—Anon.possess.''

How Do You Act and React?

Do you know that "The best lip salve—is truth. The best rouge—is modesty. The best cure for deafness—is

attention.

The best water—is tears of sympathy.

The best mirror—is reflection.

The best powder—is innocence.

ity—isThe besta pure,tonicsweetagainstlife, immoralwhich is

more precious than fine gold, and it is the glory of womanhood.

The best art—is the painting of

a smile on the brow of age or youth.

The best tonic—is to know that

you are loved.

The best philosophy—is to

laugh, to learn, to love, to lift, to live. "Live as though you were

growing up, not growing old."

Poise {Get your Bearings) NOBLE and attractive bearing is the fruit of kindly acts and deeds and has beendescribedA as the last touch. It is

the result of the true balance and harmony of body and soul. The

expression "savoirfaire"means to know, to do. Great possibilities

arise from knowing how and are realized by doing. Poise cannot

be purchased but it may be acquired. It gives the strength and

balance that enable one to see and grasp the fleeting opportunities. To SOME inanimate objects, like some people, possess a persuasive power oyer

have poise one must be free of Thisourmysteriousimaginations.qualityToperhapsbehold residesthem isin tothewonder;small yellowgreento watch themmirroris to thatdream.for

selfconsciousness and timidity. almost a year has hung within the entrance to the Lion House. Speculation has

Complexes, inhibitions are deadly grown regarding its origin, age, ownership, and indeed, its very meaning. This

enemies of poise. In this swiftly last, apparently, can only be further guessed at or found by each for himself.

moving age competition is so quiteIts creator,as enigmaticallyPaul Smith,aswhothe teacheswords ofart hisat themirrorLionandHouse,asks: only smiles in answer

sharp that one rarely has a second "What do you wish to see: That exactly will you see. That is the mirror's

chance at anything. Even in conmeaning. But that means more, to some, than many will suppose."

versation the opportunity for say685

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

ing any particular thing is gone if mental or emotional barrier that If your boy friend isn't as handone hesitates more than an instant. you erect, to shut yourself in, and some as he seemed to be last week

Poise need not rob one of naturto shut people out stifles your per- (and maybe you noticed he said alness or freedom. It is control sonality. Inward negative habits ain't for the first time).

over that naturalness. We have of thinking, such as spiteful If your husband compares you

laid waste so many powers, so let thoughts about a neighbor, vicious with other women. (If the chilus practice selfcontrol, beginning remarks about a girl in your crowd, dren upset you.)

with spiritual forces. "Spirituality hateful attitude toward a relative, If your boss is unreasonable.

is to feel one's faculties developing selfpity, jealousy, envy of someIf the world seems all wrong, under intelligent guidance.""Spirone's success, deaden your personand heaven so far away—then

ituality is seeing God in common ality and "cramp your style."watch out.

things, realization through doing, Something is wrong with you not dreaming. Dreaming is less Shyness physically. You may be all tired

If tired, rest? expensive, out. are not you why arises as a result ftfl"OST shyness

It minutes, for Poise only ten be may means—balance,but it is less expressive.ease, powexperience unpleasant of some er, it quarrel, smoothness. but save a family may

girl, at in childhood. who The mistake a a breakdown, nervous

in your bookkeeping. Set Your Own Pace toldthirteenby her(allcousinlegs andthatangles)boys wouldwas

feel tense, like her angry, never because she was "When you too Are You Sleeping excited, her or selfcon- tall, started slumping, nervously dropping scious, so that you are not at ease chin, in an effort to shorten herself. While you sleep, nerveknots are

or do not express yourself well, As a result, she lost her charm being ironed out, tissues repaired, consciously slow down your thinkthrough poor posture, developed the whole battery known as your ing and talking. Breathe deeply an inferiority complex. To stand body is being recharged. When

for several slowmeasured breaths tall, to think tall, to appear tall—is you go to bed, stretch your body,

to relax. Organize your thoughts power. Although when near your mind, your imagination, and

and then talk slowly. Don't let shorter people (men especially) go to sleep. The matter of sleepanyone rush you. Set your own the tall girl may shorten herself lessness is largely a mental state.

pace for acting, thinking, talking, two inches if she knows how to A little autosuggestion is all that a pace that you can maintain with relax at the knee. A tall girl could is necessary to enable you to sink

ease and serenity."And remembe poised and at ease if she would into a blissful state of slumber.

ber you are moving in a world of stand near a chair, a table, or a human beings as timid and fearful taller person. How to Keep Youth and

as you are. Beauty

That little word "up!"Nearly Danger Signals

everything you do or perhaps Try these rules for one week and if Yes, red? ever see like you the rest try them you them Do "up."should everything you do—is clearly just life. come as as you of your when chins, your your Your thoughts, just are intersection. to There an It 1. is like a motor. body A eyes, your mouths, chests, your

health, in beauty, "reds"as many motor runs down. human The uplifted. your hearts—everything charm: and face, rest sleep. Hands, needs and lift can radiant poised, body One feeling If that abused have you clean. skin to kept need be and first full. you At a room whole neor are picked on you—that 2. often, children or posPlay with of your conscious to be have

glected. people. mental with position, but manner, young ture, walk, The

If friends are and all wrong your is of stimulating the outlook into youth and sink they after while a subconscious, and make a path you are right. refreshing.

taste good If doesn't food your subconsciously. follow which you 3. cross not not worry. Do Do inlooks green dress or your new acintelligence has body "Your that never bridges you come may blue. of stead is stage this it."cepted to. of things sweet, simple the Let When little things If are and jumpy you personhave reached, you life Small enthusiasm. win your poise—a you. annoy swish. silken ality a smooth, with are joys prewonderful youth

If are and "low"wonder you "what's the use."servers. Worry destroys the conGoblins tours of the face.

"Complexes,""Inhibitions,"4. Make believe. Have imagi-

"Repressions."Books and books nation to dream a little. It is good

are written about these fellows. for the soul that feels tired and let

But the charming girl doesn't have down.

time to read about them. She fills 5. Stay away from people when

her life so full of people and loveweary. Be alone for a short time

liness that she is not selfconscious when day's work is done.

or repressed. The Morning Grouch

"Think Out"'T'HE morning grouch, nurtured

Personality grows by accumuand strengthened by indullation of experiences and emotions; gence, is one mood that actually

by association with people. Any has its roots in the physical.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

If the old grouch has become The Act of Hospitality "Surely whoever speaks to me in your morning indulgence, exthe right voice, him or her I shallchange him for "adventure."Each In Church—In the churches we follow as the water follows the

morning, just as soon as your eyes open with prayer. Does that mean moon, silently, with fluid steps

invitation exhas been that an stretch,open, and you and yawn to Father the tended Heavenlytry stretching the with your mind to anywhere around—Waltthe globe."Whitman. of If so, kind present? what be Crowell:philosophy Noll of Grace

hostesses hosts make? do and we people? affect you do ('OW reverent, gracious, calm, Are we will lovely bring day some"The one clock or H alarm an Like a quiet? prominent long ago Not thing,"a Like time? of ticks out that to deliver adan asked was man it over each dawn: I say new static or record victrola wornout in tabernacle. the After dress the to thing gay, adventurous Some the man you radio? know Did a on first in the people speech many hold perpetual mothe only said who left meeting. the audience The

it is gone. heart Against when my wife's his found tion was had he poised, well speaker, very second

I rise to so meet and go And tongue? it. It poor decidedly ignored was with wings upon day my The as say It isn't you so what much left. taste of part the those on who feet."

it. kindness, Inner say you how rethat people Courtesy demands

main in the church until a meeting love, appreciation will make a voice

Manners and Charm is dismissed. How do you treat lovely. You may take courses in

Do you know the art of human the stranger who enters your meetspeech, voice placement, dramatic blend? ing house? How many of them reading, but unless you have soul,

"There is always a best way of have you stopped to shake hands and your voice reflects it, all is in doing everything. Manners are with? vain. This is a voice age—you

voice. even So, your are by judged things;the doing of happy way is the In the home is Home—Your else danimitation of someone or ofeach, genius a stroke once masterpiece. of a frame The is organ your voice gerous. Your love,of hardrepeated and now is Starting you. masterpiece

it? play you do into usage. formened They—how young, you very you were at when

last a rich varnish with which the have marcelled, massaged, punWords also matter. And there

routine of life is washed and its ished, coaxed, urged, instructed, are so many beautiful words, why details adorned. If they are superand disciplined your inner self, use ugly ones. Slang is like

ficial, that the so are dewdrops little will go a into personality, the shape cayenne your pepper—agive a depth to the morning such person long way. The charming masterit to take, into the you want

meadows."Emerson. piece that you are. And then you finds many nice and clever words

Are you Emily Posted? Do make a frame for this masterpiece, with which to express herself.

aboutyou know your way of be one should it is Your dictionary home. is your in this which When behaviorgreat old world? If your are best friends. your Words varnished charm, gilded with with

is rules of etiquette good, your and of them yours. Some happiness, with heartmellowed free—make social tosuited your community "I are: words the most effective appropriate ache, it is the frame

standards, then you are at ease. for you. At your invitation the am sorry.""Pardon me"is never

It is hard for women to excuse outside world looks in, and the proper, but the real gentleman or rudeness in men, but men will not favored ones are allowed to enter. lady keeps ready for emergencies,

tolerate bitterness, sarcasm, critiLong ago, in many homes, there "I beg your pardon,"or "Excuse cism from women. The Humming were mottoes worked in gay yarn me."People who wish to be charmBird flies about the garden, testing and framed and hung on the door. ing never offend or hurt intenthe sweetness in the hearts of the One of them read: "God bless tionally and are always willing to

flowers. noticed you Have to amends. do everything make recent he our happy mag- A stays happily more andhums not sympathy, offender needs azine The longer "bless is no said—thathome."oflonger the the flower heart where for apologize condemnation. "bless our but home,"our happy To

forth sweetness?gives the most is creto apologize for God's scrappy home."Why not have self with are atso men. TheyAnd ation, to apologize but for somean entirely new motto?

tracted graciousness, kindness, by is gracious, thing or say do you this "Christ is the of head house behaviorunderstanding. Their intelligent. proper, But and how at guest unseen every meal Thewill our encourage be what by we is react someone do you when silent listener to conevery The willown. men know who Women that sorry? gracious so you Are versation."are out of their theykeep when way little has glad a you him he make

in an unreasonable mood. When asked Mrs. Noal When

tantrum, is in a little boya man she herwife—husdonebecausesomethinghe has tofoundbe sorrysuchaboutnice the band good was a why

will up, hoping be grownwoman notice she didn't (You say "Am spots in your personality?

little cries is a andwhen she fool- I wife?"), a good he answered

ish, he will be her anchor during the "You have a sense of humor, you What Do You Talk About?

storm. While the average man is look nice around the house, you Many people have good ideas for

inclined to make you want to hit bake bread, you make such gooey talk, but lack words and ease in and hug him, he is sure proof that orange cake, you like white sheets, expressing themselves. The charmis charmingmost women can take a joke. Many and you make my friends weling conversationalist

a wife has found that hugging her come."Not a very big order is it? because she gets people to talkhusband is the best way to get about themselves. Nice people

around him. How Is Your Small Talk? (Continued on page 706)

EDITORIAL the counsel given by the President has always Our Leader

DRESIDENT Heber J. Grant will reach the beenhas beenthe sobestfromto Josephmeet anSmithexistingto Hebercondition.J. Grant.It

seventyninth anniversary of his birth on the Each President has met perfectly the needs of twentysecond of this month. The day finds him his day. The lesson of history teaches that the

in the best of health. His vigor of body, mind, members of the Church may safely follow the

and spirit seem undiminished. His zest of life leadership of the man called to preside over the

and its many duties, especially in his high office, Church. Moreover, men may recognize the truth

is keen and vibrant. He leads where many emanating from the President of the Church, by

younger men have not the energy and strength to a simple formula, "whosoever receiveth my word follow. He has been greatly blessed. For this receiveth me, and whosoever receiveth me rethe whole Church is grateful. The Era extends ceiveth those, the First Presidency, whom I have

to its senior editor "birthday"congratulations and sent, whom I have made counselors for my name's best wishes for many happy returns of the day. sake unto you."Those who are wise will be

In the doctrinal structure of the Church, the alert to the word of our Prophet, and anxious to first principle is continued revelation from God, abide by his counsel.

and in the organization of the Church, the key President Grant's administration has been figure is the President of the High Priesthood, marked by rapid, steady progress of the Church.

through whom revelations for the conduct of the His problems have been many, his duties inChurch are given. These are two of the marks by numerable, his leadership safe. His watchword

which the true Church of Christ may ever be has been, "Keep the commandments."The

recognized. Spirit of revelation has been upon him. He has

The logic of this foundation of the Church is the love and confidence of the people of the irresistible. If "the spirit giveth light (revelation) Church and of many beyond. He stands a worthy

to every man that cometh into the world,"for his successor by the side of those who have preceded personal welfare, the same spirit must reveal truth him in his exalted calling. But, under the Lord,

through a sustained leader for the guidance of the he but represents the people of the Church and body of the Church. Take away continuous serves them all on earth. His power of service

revelation and the Church becomes manmade; and joy of accomplishment will increase with the

take away the inspired authorized leader, and the earnest, sincere support of the people. WhenChurch becomes rudderless. Erase these two ever spirit speaks to spirit, from man to man,

marks and commotion, conflict and chaos result. from member to president, when all are united,

The President of the Church is "appointed by the full glory of the Lord will rest upon His revelation, and acknowledged in his administraChurch. We have been commanded to support

tion by the Church."No man may with safety the President of the Church and his counselors,

aspire to this position, which is filled, as all other by our "confidence, faith and prayer."Let us

positions in the Church, however humble the do so.

instruments used, through the will of the Lord. In this troubled age, Latterday Saints may well

Yet, every man retains the right to sustain or fail sing, joyously, "We thank Thee, O God, for a proto sustain the man divinely appointed to lead the phet, to guide us in these latter days. "-1—J. A. W.

Church, and to abide by the consequences of his act. Therefore, the people vote upon their officers

in frequent conferences. Armistice or Permanent

President conferred has vast powers The upon Peace him. is to preside the over whole Church, "He

and be like unto Moses—Behold, here is wisdom; HPHE beating of tomtoms and the firing of amyea to be a seer, a revelator, a translator, and a munition in the fareast bring vividly to mind

prophet, having all the gifts of God which he that other year, seventeen years ago, when the bestows upon the head of the Church."That is, great world holocaust was declared halted by the

he may bring into action the gift or power needed armistice. That war had been fought to end war

at a particular time to meet the emergency or—yet today the same kind of selfish aggressiveneed of the Church. In his official capacity he ness is threatening to embroil the world again.

speaks under inspiration. He becomes the mouth- "If Christian nations were nations of Christians,

piece of the Lord on earth. He is primarily a there would be no wars,"said Soame Jenyns.

teacher of the principles of the plan of salvation. Christ said, "Thou shalt not kill."This applies

He never attempts to force his views upon men, or equally to nations as to individuals. "But

to coerce the human will. wouldn't you have nations defend their honor?"

Naturally, it may and does happen that the someone will ask immediately. The duel has long

views of some members of the Church, intent upon since been outlawed as a means of vindicating their own purposes, fail to harmonize with the personal honor. How long will it be before the

teachings of the president of the Church. The same application can be made for nations? Honor

history of the Church has shown, however, that seems to become dishonor when it means the

slaying the of world's promising most young

PARDONED SINCE WAS HE TAXES.people. definition national DODGED of might HAS honor The

POLITICS, IN HEMIKED MINORS,lie 0EMORALIX60 selfish forces. in the of certain pocketbook

TRAFFtC CAU5ED FVM-S AND ACCIDENTS said: also Christ enemies, your good "Love do BOOTLESGERS WITH

to them that hate you, bless them that curse you, pray for them that despitefully use you....

And if ye love them that love you, what thanks have you? for even sinners love those that love

them. And if ye do good to them that do good

to you, what thanks have ye? for even sinners do

the same.... But love your enemies, and do

them good."If this were practised in everyday

living, among neighbors and associates, the carryover among nations would not be so difficult.

This Armistice Day let mankind then be thankful that the World War ended when it did and let all pray and live that no more world wars will ever again occur.—M. C. /.

Straight to Go The Fellow Who Promised"What About Him Now? in the Detroit News—Thomas

To the Sovereign Citizens of the United States: Used by Permission

/"YNE year ago we addressed an editorial to you a patriotic duty when they purchase and consume bearing the title, "Indicted."Since that time, a statesponsored product.

hard liquor has returned, dispensed by the state You who have eyes to see and ears to hear are liquor stores (in Utah) and by similar and other already aware of conditions which exist in your means in other states. At that time we quoted community. The sickening sight of drunken men,

Henry Grady. We quote a part of his speech andcity evenof Utahwomen,and isof toallbeotherhad instateseverywherevillageliquorandagain:

is sold. Liquor has not changed; neither have

liquor friends, back. hesitate before you vote "My men, under the influence of liquor changed.

It is order. the mortal of peace and The enemy...

despoiler of men, the terror of women, the cloud that Recently, a carload of women driven by a shadows the face of children, the demon that has dug more woman was returning from a convention. They

graves and sent more souls unshriven to judgment than all attempted to pass a car rolling slowly along in the pestilences that have wasted life since God sent the head of them. The driver of the slow car imbefore to since stood all theplagues Egypt, Joshua and wars

It mediately accelerated his car and prevented them its return. profit Jericho. It can... by man... no

comes to destroy, and it shall profit mainly by the ruin of from passing. Then he and his companions

your sons and mine. (In these days we might add daughslowed down until the women once more attemptters.) It comes to mislead human souls and crush human ed to pass. This time the other car sped up and

hearts wheels. under to bring its rumbling... It comes

to as it came along side of the women, the driver, graves. grayhaired mothers in sorrow to their It comes

turn the wife's love into despair, and her pride into shame. leering drunkenly at them, offered them a drink

It comes to still the laughter on the lipsof little children, and from a bottle. Again they slowed up. The men

stifle to all the the of music and home if one slowed them may call more men—once

It desolation. to ruin your comes bodyfill andit withmind,silenceto wreckand it their bottle down, emptied around by passing

your home."

it themselves pavethe among then and dashed on

Your Honors: Just because liquor is sponsored ment in front of the womandriven car. They

by the state and sold under state direction, its kept their car at a snail's pace until they neared nature has not been changed. It is still deadly in a city and then sped away.

its effects; it is still habitforming; the snakes are We are living under a new liquor regime. An

still in the bottles. educational program offsetting the evils of drink

Because the state has sponsored the selling of should immediately get under way. Unfortuhard-liquors it has become a partner of John Barnately, states which sponsor the sale of liquor

leycorn. Weakkneed newspapers that once recannot consistently sponsor an educational profused liquor advertising now accept it because, gram which will curtail the use of liquor, yet the

they say, the distribution of liquor is a state inschools must once more rush to the battle front dustry and, therefore, should be advanced. They and fight this enemy of humanity; the churches

argue that the advertisements are not taken to must get a program going. John Barleycorn must

encourage the drinking of more liquor, but to be met and grappled with.

enable the purchaser to make a better choice. One town in Utah has asked that the state

Young people, your sons and daughters, and liquor store be removed from its confines, others old people as well, 'say that there can be no great may do likewise as the ravishes of liquor become harm in the purchase and use of hard liquors apparent.

because the state sponsors and encourages both. Now that John Barleycorn has been invited

Some users even argue that the use of liquor aids back to your town, what do you think of industry and that, therefore, they are performing him?—H. R. M,

IN uWE DON'T VOTE

November, 1932, nearly INforty millions of our citizens appeared at the polls to cast their votes in the most

Presiimportanttests—the ofelectionall politicalof a condent of the United States.

From this mighty, suspenseful drama, however, one small section of our country stood apart, an area, strangely enough, that constitutes the very heart of our nation.

In the city of Washington and the surrounding territory that comprises the District of

Columbia not a single vote was cast.

This is one of the most amazing facts regarding our national capital, one that j|| makes it unique among the great capital cities of the world.

The people of the District of national capital, he selected a tract Photo byAN UnderwdodAIR VIEW andOF WASHINGTONUnderwood.

Columbia, with the exception of of sixtyfour square miles lying state the of never within Maryland and employees, have federalthe visited that ernment were upon thirtysix tract a of election. miles square in a national parttaken the national capital its incepfrom lying the state within citizens of Virginia. time Washington aFor tion last great in 1791 to the

states their political offiThese local ceded certain of theirelected the people change in 1878, were control territory to the over this privilege thiscials, but now even in permitted, to degrees, varying they no longer enjoy. federal government. The land participate.

itself to given the nation was by serving federal employees The of duly Washington, The city individual the citizens of owned District who in Cothe nationthe incorporated Congress, by was it, act characterized an by apelection Thomas or eitherlumbia, by first governed ap- a Mayor, by "truly as Jefferson noble."as their rights retainpointment, later pointed President, the by by

citizens of the states from whence Until the government took over a local Council and Board of Althey came, and there enjoy full the ceded territory in December, dermen, and finally by direct vote.

voting rights in all local and na1800, its residents retained their Throughout this period the people tional elections. Out of a popurights as citizens of the states from exercised a certain measure of

lation of nearly half a million, which the territory was taken. control through the Council which

these workers number about sixty With the nation's acquisition of they elected and the Board of Althousand, leaving over four hunthe land, however, they ceased to dermen chosen by the Council, dred thousand people in the Dispossess the privilege of voting in these bodies having the power to trict of Columbia without either national elections. override the veto of the Mayor by

local or national suffrage! In the changing forms of gov- a threefourths vote.

This peculiar situation, present Meanwhile the requirements of in no other capital city in the citizenship were liberalized. First,

world, was created by our Consticome and go in only freeholders were allowed totution, which provides that Con- *—'PLECTIONSAmerica, but they make little vote. Later all white male resigress shall have the power to exdifference to the citizens of the Disdents paying school tax were enlegislationercise exclusive over all trict of Columbia—Did you know franchised, male and finally

of the that?the seat of government race to residents without regard

Federal the variemployees fromUnited States.

states in their ous may vote own or color.

In 1791, when President Washstates, but nearly half a million ington, with the aid of Jefferson American citizens have no suffrage. TN 1846 the government ceded

and Madison, chose the site of our back to Virginia the thirtysix 11 WASHINGTON By ADRIAN ANDERSON

square miles which it had been make all laws, levy all taxes and siderable agitation for local and granted by that state, having defix the amounts of all annual apnational suffrage. This change

cided that this territory was not propriations of the District. The can only be accomplished by a

required for the national capital. immediate conduct of the District Constitutional amendment, ratified

On February 21, 1871, Congress affairs was placed in the hands of by at least threefourths of the inrevoked the charters of Washing- a board of three commissioners, dividual states. Such an amendton and Georgetown and estabappointed by the President with ment has often been proposed but

lished a government in the Disthe consent of the Senate. Two has never reached a vote.

trict of Columbia similar to that of its members were selected from Among those who favored the in force in the Territories of the the citizenry of the District, the existing arrangement was the late

United States. The President apthird was drawn from the EnPresident Taft, who once expointed a governor and a council gineer Corps of the United States pressed himself as follows:

of eleven members from among Army. These were the men dele- "Washington and his associ

the residents of the District. Still gated to govern the District of ates intended that the seat of the

the people held a measure of conColumbia under the supervision of United States government should trol over their political affairs Congress. be governed by those who reprethrough a House of Delegates This is the governing machinery sent the nation... that this

which they elected. that now controls the destinies of should be a Federal city. It is a

This last change proved illour national capital. In 1925 a Federal city. Every citizen of the

advised, for no sooner had the new sort of City Council was elected United States feels that he owns

Territory been established than a by the people, without legal a part of this capital. It is ingroup of speculators gained conpower, to advise the Board of tended that the District should be

trol of its government and plunCommissioners. an exception to the theory of selfdered it into bankruptcy. Begovernment, that it should be govthose by who had a national shares erned national States, of this the government cause United in HTHE."

. outlook. this 1878, abolished scheme the operating the people with new

and placed the District under the expenses of the District. First it It has been pointed out by other

control of Congress. Immepaid onehalf, later forty percent, advocates of the present system

diately all voting powers of the and finally in 1925 set its present that the District already has a spepeople ceased. rate of payment—a fixed sum of cial committee of twentytwo

Congress assumed the right to $9,000,000 annually. members in Congress whose duty

Needless to say, in this section it is to safeguard the welfare of small adTHE MUNICIPAL BUILDING. WHERE THE where the citizens pay taxes but the national capital. A

OF THE AFFAIRS CITY ARE ADMINISTERED.

by Underwood Photo and Underwood. do not vote, there has been conditional representation, they contend, would incur no added benefits. And finally they claim that

a majority of the citizens of the

District do not desire a change.

Those who desire local and national suffrage for the District:: tr--. % assert that its residents have the same interest in national affairs as

r-.v;.? otherthereforecitizensentitledof theto nationthe sameandparare

m ticipation in its government. They

also claim the people's right to select the officials who handle their taxes. Lastly, they argue

that, since the of the Dispeople il M trict requireto all the measure up ments of American citizenship, they are entitled to full suffrage.

In time this interesting question will in all probability become a national issue. Then we shall be

assisted in its settlement by a full presentation of the case both for and against a change in this unique -:--S&mffifi8j8jS form of government.

BOOKS ARE MASTERS Ey ADAH ROBERTS NAYLOR "Books are masters who instruct us

Without rods or ferrules, Without words of anger, Without bread or money lege, but with books classified and knights enthralled him and he came

If you approach them, they are not arranged as they are today in Pubearly and stayed late. Then one

asleep; hour, reading the Jane Libraries, during the day, has any adult who

If hide; lic not seek them, they do you in hand rush cap him study desire can saw and knows how to Addams scold, blunder, not they do If you

If you are ignorant, they do not laugh."educate himself. from the room. She called to know

All of us have an urge to read, what was wrong; he paused, and

all the arts, that of book a desire to extend our personality choking back a sob answered in a voice, "I'm not coming any husky limits of our narrow the most beyond is perhapsOF For dead."Roland's Prince more, lack thing individual because we thelife—the precious—preciousmaking of character legendary him that is in reading. direction should to be a comes books, truththrough We

universal possession. There has know that, "today is but the exlong ago had become a living,

always been in the heart of man tension of yesterday;"that the breathing, moving person; and the

a strong desire to pass on to future world as it is, is the result of what chivalrous deeds, the noble desires, generations the knowledge he has the world has been, and if we are to the unstained honor of Prince acquired. Anciently the sage said understand the present and find our Roland opened for him a new

world and a new life.to the children—"My father told place in the scheme of things, we

me that his father told him"—and must know the world's story from The circumstances of life often

so treasured bits of knowledge were the beginning. We need to go limit our activities, but we, and

in a way preserved. But slowly back to the frontiers of knowledge we alone set the limit of our intelthe art of writing was evolved, and—to ancient history, to Greek lectual lives. Robert Louis Stevgradually man came to make a thought and art; and most of all enson, the beloved, is an example

written record of all he felt, all that we need to study the Bible, that of a man whose outward life was he thought, and all that he did great universal book which is the circumscribed and limited by physso books were born. basis of English Literature, and ical ills, and yet no man ever lived

Today we live in a veritable sea which aside from the spiritual who was able to wrest more joy sets of truths it teaches, life, a standard books inner than from life he—his

that excellence books—goodindifferent modern books literary beautiful, lived serene and was-—badof books,booksgreatand

—literally thousands of them are writers have failed to equal. mostly in books. Through books

daily flung helter, skelter from the Once we have gained a foundahe learned to anticipate experience, press, and the average reader is tion for reading the way is clear and all experience whether lived or bewildered by the number and the before us, for we have some underanticipated, was grist for the mill kinds that confront him. From standing of the past; and the stanof his imagination. He loved acthis condition there has developed dards by which we may judge the tion, movement, and adventure, and

what might be termed a new probooks of today. It is impossible to when ill health forced him to forefession, that of bookreviewing. read certain books and be just the go even the normal activities of life,

Everywhere we turn, on the radio, same person afterwards, not behe satisfied his desires by identifyin magazines and newspapers, and cause of what books tell us but ing himself with heroes of fiction.

from the lecture platform, books because of what they suggest to us. In one of his essays, "A Novel of

are being classified and reviewed Great books often move us deeply Dumas's,"he gives a delightful acfor us. and profoundly, and sometimes count of winter spent upon the

There are many classifications of they change the whole tenure of Pentlands of Scotland where he books, but broadly speaking our lives. went in hope of improving his

books that tell what man has done health. His days were dreary ones

of this called interestingare example in the spent out History; what with the open man has Ax Nthought, full Philosophy; his of what reading evenings is sheep, man but of inspirational were type

has made, Art; what man knows given by Jane Addams. Some color and delight, since they were

and can prove, Science; those that forty odd years ago when she given over to the reading of his

explain the action of the mind, opened Hull House, she found favorite novel. Dumas's "Vicomte

Psychology, and those that record playing about the streets a gang of de Bragelonne"the d'Artagnan of life as lived by one individual, boys, who, because of their dethe "Three Musketeers"is the hero,

Biography. There are also books structive pranks, were a menace to and Stevenson, lonely and someon travel, books of poetry, and the the neighborhood. In an effort to times disheartened would, in fancy,

great mass of fiction, which owes correct this condition she engaged turn to that sunny land of France, its popularity to two facts,—one the help of an attractive young coland joining his friend d'Artagnan

that we like to be stirred emotionlege girl, and opened a Saturday "with a clatter of horseshoes, and ally, and the other, that fiction, afternoon reading class for boys. rattle of musketry,"ride forth to

when it is true to life, becomes the Tom, the leader of the gang, was fight for king and country. He

best means of teaching truth. induced to attend and soon became was always loath to lay the book

In the past many people have the most interested listener of the down, for he tells us that, "no part thought of education as having very group. The stories of Prince of the world has ever seemed to me

definitely to do with school or colRoland and of King Arthur and his ( Continued on page 705

S bOOK REVIEW The Conquest of the Maya Young Walter Scott the during year Mitchell, E. P. BOOKSELLERS Janet Gray, (By J. Leslie ( By Elizabeth

19331934, sent hundred twoDutton Viking Co., 1935) Press, 1935)

bocks to the White House. Included in 61 were that number these exploration the of ideal days for book when any memberTN ANA 15 history 11 books books, "* is of the novels, attracting Central particularly the family America good and

travel poetry, of adventure, 24 and allattention archeologists of for girls of from and boys and art, scienvolumes, 9 and drama is Saintsover the world, this Latterday ages BeeHive book tific 8 works, economics and on Boy onWalterScout in particularly interestedshould delightful be in written so a man11 Scott 11 events, current mystery, and the explorations and discoveries conchildren's books. ner that it reads like fiction. The

cerning the peoples who came to first sentence arouses the sympathetic

America in early days and whose interest of even the most casual of origin is attracting so much widereaders. The introduction of America's

spread interest. life and customs and to learn the work Scottish hero, John Paul Jones, does

Mr. Mitchell has done a creditable which is going on in Yucatan, several much to increase the suspense in the

piece of work. Even a cursory glance other books are listed which will book. This kind of legitimate adthrough the book is rewarded by the prove interesting. One of these, The venture will do no young person harm

excellent photographs indicative of Ancient Mayas, by Robert B. Stacyand will tend to draw away his inthe sculptural development of these Judd has already been reviewed in terests from the really dangerous

early inhabitants of Yucatan. Time The Improvement Era. The other mystery and detective stories which

spent in reading the book will give two which will prove of worth are: are flooding the market today.

specific information helpful in underThe City of the Sacred Well, by T. The little touches of human nature

standing this enigma. A. Willard and The People of the which are thrown into the biography

Some of the items will be found Serpent, by Thompson. M. C. J. are arresting even to the adult who

which are not in complete accord with may wish to read this story of the the story of the Book of Mormon. The Life and Time young Walter Scott. For example,

For example, Mr. Mitchell places the when Walter was given honorable

date of the coming of the Mayas to of Akhnaton mention for one of his efforts for transthis country in 592 after Christ. This (Arthur Weigall, Putnam's, 1923) lating into poetry from the Latin, the

in inserts almost this author be illuminating complete accordwould senthose interested are who lPO:with the class in tence the year Christ clapped "The before and stampwhen

history, or story biography the felt,followers this of to contihe Lehi because they seized came ed—more, will great about of Akhnaton provenent. historians for other excuse not any making a racket than do Many

interest. Since sugother some booksagree Mitchell's they because dates, with to honest wished Mr. howpay

this gested dealing are also on pageever, tribute literary to the therefore reader and achievement."wise

will be in no hurry to accept his dates with times of long ago, this book will Young Walter Scott is satisfacas absolutely correct. prove of value in a study of the torily written both from a literary

The suddenness of the appearance Egyptian period of fifteen hundred and a biographical point of view.

and the completeness of the Mayan years before Christ.—M. C. /.

culture indicate the transplanting of Akhnaton, a sickly, dreaming youth, these people from another country alwas among the first to develop the Mary Poppins together different from the country concept of one supreme ruler of all (By Pamela L. Travers, Reynal

into which they now moved. This is the world. His philosophy of life is and Hitchcock, 1934)

Christian livedin for one who complete harmony with the Book strangely so long before the "COR all young people and all old of the appearanceof history. Mormon

Several factors contribute to the Christ. Although he believed himself people who like to keep young,

idea that these Mayan people had to be descended from the god suMary Poppins is one of the most dereceived common inspiration for their preme over the universe, he still did lightful creations since Alice in Wonarchitecture with those who made not assume all of the pomp and derland. If the readers do not fill

the false arches in Mesopotamia, haughtiness which had been adopted their own lungs with laughinggas, it

Cambodia, Tahiti. The pyramid by previous or succeeding Pharaohs. will be because they have long forstructure and the appearance of stelae His lovingkindness and his feeling of gotten how to contract the lungs and

in the Mayan architecture point to affection for the women of his houseexpand them in hearty laughter. Mary

a rather definite association with the hold are evidenced in the remaining Poppins is the kind of book which the

Egyptian form of building. fragments of art dating from his rule. entire family will enjoy listening to

in extra any time the family which this In of displeasing are the book feature of some hymns One the book have. may

is the he which wrote. fact author's the songs of departure from One Poppins, the English Mary maid of life. are of reconstructs the he Akhnaton and one David'swhen Mayan literally was who the blown wind by in detail. the best great compared such reconstructionAt any into the those of home she was whomwill a conjecture. to be have the Naturally arises to serve, to question gives as old and young much

To the Latterday Saint who is inwhether this young king might not about which to think. From the moterested in history, this book will have been the one who was so kind ment when she started to unpack an

prove very enjoyable and worthwhile to Joseph when he was in Egypt and empty bag which turned out surprisreading. The suggestion might be therefore had adapted the religion of ingly full, to the time when the West

offered that it be read in conjunction the Jews to the needs of the Egyptian Wind blew her away again, the readwith the Book of Mormon. Points of people who, until this time, had beers are assured a joyous adventure.

similarity and of divergence will then lieved very definitely in several gods After finishing the book, most readers be readily visible. who had dominion over various will probably make a wish for the

For those readers who should like phases and seasons of the Egyptian Great Exception, Mary Poppins, to to make a further study of the Mayan year.—M. C. J. come and visit their homes. M. C. J.

LIGHTS AND SHADOWQ A lice Adams (RKORadio) Social at stake. A pseudowestern suitable

**"(Outstanding) Drama Katherine Hepburn, Fred MacMurry.: Cast: Open Letter To Moroni forSmartthe familyGirl and(Paramount):Junior Matinee.Cast:

This story of small town life, parOlson Ida Lupino, Kent Taylor, Gail ticularly that of the Patrick, Blackmer, Pinky, Sidney Mr. Olson: Adams family, is Dear

interesting.most Family. Cawthorn. Joseph Thousands of your friends who Tomlin,

Broadway Melody of 1936 (M- have watched your career from A story of the problems of two

G-M) Musical Comedy (Outstandyour University of Utah days unsisters who are forced to face poving): Cast: Jack Benny, Robert der Professor Babcock to your erty. Mature.

Taylor, Eleanor Powell, Una Merkel. present success are eagerly awaitBright Lights (First National):

arrival the Three ing of "The Cast: Dvorak, Brown, E. colJoe Ann in keyhole a which The story

in particular their Musketeers"Ellis, Patricia Gargan. William of the jeopardizes successumnist an see to town. are they eager While aided comedian, is by hisextravagant revue York A burlesque New to picture, are eager the they more

a his wife, trouper from clowns wayamusing Family. human. and three, as the great see one you of

find only to road to Broadway show their way, see in you, in a they Hisfor (Paramount) Crusades The is not that the "Great White Way"dreamscome-true. are You of own Cast: torical (Outstanding): Drama

Loretta Young, Ian Keith, Henry their people and, consequently, one conducive to married happiness. Chilenter- will especially dren of be highlyWilcoxon.

rewill those friends of Manytheirs. of tained the excellent clowning by historical Cecil In this pageant masterly performance, your member E. Junior Brown. Family and JoedeMille the and idealism has captured supported company, your by own Matinee. inspired "andcourage which men "Kindlin or or Ship""The of Page Front ( Warner Woman zeal the religious to carry withwomen vehicle other which have you some

on the Crusades. This powerful used. They wilt be expecting a Bros.) Cast: Bette Davis, George

drama of war and religious fervor has great deal of Moroni Olson, actor, Brent, Roscoe Karns.

been told many times but never more and, perhaps, as much or more of A girl reporter determines to outvividly and beautifully than in this Moroni Olson, man. scoop her suitor, a rival reporter, and

ability as already newspaper her a prove understand have you We intoproduction been has which woven pictures. other are happy to made sleuth consents before marshe We picture love theme. touchinga The voicing are to only hear and we exciting riage. Lively, dramatic andis suitable family, for the exbut too voiced would be what by we itknow realistic portrayalciting children. for entertainment—a nervous write all they could you when we life. of Family. newspaper

fair Godspeed, River (United of Sanders say—"Success, the the Warner Gander Goose and ( attend your way."on youArtists) Social (OutstandDrama Francis, George Cast: Bros.) Kay will that hope, however, you: windsWe Leslieing) Cast: Robeson, Paul Brent, ElTobin, Genevieve John that expect great forget not a weBanks, McKinney. Nina Mae dridge. heroes, heroes, deal our "our"for of the of story sagacity courage and A in bit in sophisticated sense, farcecomedy different are a a from Aof the English Commissioner, an and people. are the heroes some treatYou of divorce are marriage and which

power, force, and constant vigilance in Hollywood, you are in the midst ed with complete casualness. Jewel

necessary the to keep peace among rich the the the and glamor of of thieves to involved piquancy an add is tribes.African old reckless. Since production are This an you cast, situation. beautiful finished A trouper, however, wish youexpertly inparticularly we presented and settings attractive bolster gowns and in actor well, believing fully as you itsteresting colorful to due backtrivial plot. Adults. a man. and life, tribal singground, wild of shots Bend 'Round Steamboat the Sincerely,

fineing dancing and dramatic and: Rogers, Cast: Will Editors, (Fox) Anne

action. Family. "Lights and Shadows Shirley, Irvin S. Cobb, John McGuire.

Top Hat (RKORadio) Musical on the Screen."Will Rogers, as Dr. John, sacrifices

Comedy (Outstanding): Cast: Fred his stock of lifegiving elixir, the propAstaire, Ginger Rogers, Edward Everties of his museum, and even parts

erett Horton. Cast: George O'Brien, Irene Hervey, of his steamboat to win the race and

Scintillating as "Gay Divorcee,"inFred Kohler. smooth the path of love for his

triguing as "Roberta,"this RogersRealistic photography of Boulder nephew and the little "swamp girl."

filmAstaire Light, is not to be missed. life of picture. amusing and entertaining in a An Dam marks this narrative

original, captivatingamusing comedy; keen tunnelconstruction camp. Here Matinee. Family and Junior

dancing; an excellent cast; music by rivalry in love and work exists beEvery Night at Eight (ParaIrving Berlin. What more could one tween two construction bosses, but mount): Cast: George Raft, Alice

ask for a gay evening? Family. each proves his mettle when a life is Faye, Frances Langford, Patsy Kelly.

After the Dance (Columbia): Three melody maidens and a group

Cast: Nancy Carroll, George Murof instrumentalists sing and play

phy, Thelma Todd, Jack LaRue, themselves to fame in this laughable

Arthur Hohl. story of amateur radio entertainers.

This is a very mediocre production, Family.

obviously a filler for a double bill. The Old Homestead (Liberty

The story is a trite one which poor Pictures): Cast: Mary Carlisle,

direction makes impossible for an Lawrence Gray.

otherwise capable cast. Disloyalty This story, unrelated to Denman

on the part of one woman sends an Thompson's play of the same name, innocent man to prison and when he deals with the radio success of a escapes, the love and loyalty of anquintette of small town boys in a big other gives him hope for the future as city. The story of the experience of

he returns to serve his sentence. Fair Uncle Jed and his "hired hands"when

Adults.for Hard Rock Harrington (Fox): MORONI THREEOLSON ASMUSKETEERS"PORTHOS IN "THE they accept a(Continuedradio contracton pageand leave719)

WARD TEACHING

spirit in- a in man; "There is and theWard Teacher's Message, Dec*, 1935 spiration the of giveth Almighty them

Prayer of, before ye ask him."—(Matthew understanding."Therefore, the very

6:7-8) of understanding that power we his holy call the Lord, upon unto "Pray thou, prayest, is thou en- "But gift of the when possess of In God. and his works wonderfulname, known make

closet, ter into thy lifeless and of ourselves are but when thou a lump we call Lord, the people; the uponamong

that this kingdom may go forth upon the hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father clay. Life, intelligence, wisdom,

earth, that the inhabitants thereof may which is in secret; and thy Father judgment, power to reason, all are

receive it and be prepared for the days to which seeth in secret shall reward the gifts of God to the children of shall the come which Son of gives theecome in us Man our physical (Matthew 6:6; 3 Nemen. He openly."—brightness the in in clothed heavendown strength as well powers. as our phi mental 13:6)

of his glory to meet the kingdom of God Every young man should feel from the is set uponwhich In Faith: earth."Doctrine Pray inthat the of his heart depth he is

65. Sec. Covenants,and "Pray always that you enter not for his being to Almighty debted God

7V STUDY of the important subject into temptation, that you may abide and for every attribute that he pos- ** of prayer is recommended as the the day of his coming, whether in life sesses which is in likeness of the in or Cov. 8:10) attributes of God. (Doc. & for teachers'December. messageward

not death."—that observeth his prayers "He careful that teachers It is urged make

and prayerful preparation before gobefore the Lord in the season thereof, Honor the Lord ing into the homes of the Saints and let him be had in remembrance be- "We should seek to magnify the fore of the judge (Doc. attributes in that suggestion possess.that the be each made we my people."—We should 68:33; Cov. 133:6) & intelligence, earngiven that this subject with our with be honor Godhome

strength, with our understanding, month. the est consideration during Spirit Of Prayer: our

with with all the for our wisdom, and are suggested studyReferences not consist of "Prayer does that words, power 68, Section we possess.Doc. & Cov., We should 65—Section

faithful, altogether. earnest True, seek to This in the world. do good 28, 33; verses 21:21:22; Matthew

Mark 1 1: 2326; Luke 1 1:2-4; also the prayer consists more in the feeling is our duty; and if a young man can

full text of the hymn "Prayer is the that rises from the heart and from the only feel as all men should feel, he will

Soul's Sincere Desire."inward desire of our spirits to supplifind that it is an easy matter for him

cate the Lord in humility and in faith, to bow down before the Lord in

What Prayer Is: that we may receive his blessings. It humble prayer and seek unto God for

"Prayer is the soul's sincere desire matters not how simple the words be, the aid, comfort, and inspiration of

Littered or unexpressed: if our desires are genuine and we his Holy Spirit, that he may not be

The motion of a hidden fire come before the Lord with a broken left entirely to himself, nor to the

That trembles in the breast."heart and a contrite spirit to ask him wisdom and ways of the world.

need."—President HumilityHow To Pray: Josephfor thatF.whichSmith.we

"But when ye pray, use not vain Both family prayer and secret pray- "But as a rule, where young men repetitions, as the heathen do; for er should be urged upon all Latterhave good parents to provide for

they think that they shall be heard for day Saints by the ward teachers. It them, where they have good homes

their much speaking. "Be not thereis our duty to thank our Father in and their food and raiment are sure,

fore like unto them; for your Father Heaven for his blessings and to ask they feel that they are not dependent

knoweth what things ye have need for his guidance in all that we do. upon anybody, unless perchance they

should be afflicted in some way, and

President Joseph F. Smith's What We Need thenand dependence.begin to realizeBut theirI wantweaknessto say

Advice On Prayer "I would like to know if there is to you, my young friends, that in the or this in congregation, a young man of at the hour independence, your In Doctrine, 274 and pages Gospel else, not need does anywhere who feel strongest, the moment when you says: F. President275, Smith Joseph is of the Lord. something Where in that are should you bear mind you"I you, brethren young pray who my that earth there the does a soul upon life is but the in breath of human, your this congregation, inare present vast that the Almighty something not need nostrils, pass are destined and to you liable called are to toand be who all first that place, give? In the can this portals from the world through gospel world, to the thepreach when is his It him. from comes have by we of death."that out, called are to I pray goyou earth. that exist the on providence we

you will know how to approach God It is by his kind mercy that we see in prayer. It is not such a difficult and hear, that we have the power of What Prayer Is

thing to learn how to pray. It is not speech, and that we possess intelliis soul's sincere desire the particularly thatthe T)RAYER words we use gence, for as the sage of old said, *"Littered orconstitute not prayer. unexpressed; does Prayer

consist of words, altogether. True, The motion of a hidden fire

faithful, earnest prayer consists more That trembles in the breast.

in the feeling that rises from the heart and from the inward desire of our "Prayer is the burden of a sigh, spirits to supplicate the Lord in huThe falling of a tear, mility and in faith, that we may receive The upward glancing of an eye, his blessings. It matters not how When none but God is near.

simple the words may be, if our desires are genuine and we come before the "Prayer is the simplest form of speech

Lord with a broken heart and a conThat infant lips can try;

trite spirit to ask him for that which Prayer, the sublimest strains that reach we need. The majesty on high."

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD The Worth of Souls Then, if we are willing to accept the by the Spirit of God, they are the word of the Lord, we are informed sons of God. For ye have not

TN the great revelation recorded as that man, not only on this earth but on received the spirit of bondage again

Section Seventysix in the Doctrine other earths, is the offspring of God. to fear; but ye have received

and Covenants, we are informed that He did not descend through untold the Spirit of adoption, whereby we

Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon had ages of this earth from any animal cry, Abba, Father. The Spirit itself

opened to their vision the glories of branch of creation to reach his asbeareth witness with our spirit, that the eternal work of God. They have cendency over all things created on we are the children of God: And if

written that they "saw the holy the earth. Man came here endowed children, then heirs; heirs of God, and

angels, and them who are sanctified with free agency and all the rights jointheirs with Christ; if so be that

before his throne, worshiping God, and privileges of gaining immortality we suffer with him, that we may be and the Lamb, who worship him forand eternal life as a son of God, if also glorified together. For I reckon

ever and ever. And now,"they say, he will but yield obedience to the laws that the sufferings of this present time

"after the many testimonies which and ordinances of the Gospel. This are not worthy to be compared with

have been given of him, this is the wonderful and soulstirring truth that the glory which shall be revealed testimony last of all which we give man is in very deed the offspring of in us."John the disciple has said that

of him: That he lives! For we saw God, that he came here from his those who obey the commandments

him, even on the right hand of God; Father's presence in the world of of God will "be like him, for they

and we heard the voice bearing record spirits, and that he is here to be tried shall see him as he is."

that he is the Only Begotten of the and proved in this mortal probation, When we know that we may,

Father—That by him, and through should bring a thrill of joy to every through our faithfulnes, become jointhim, and of him, the worlds are and soul. We are all destined to rise in heirs with Jesus Christ, possessing the

were created, and the inhabitants the resurrection from the dead, the fulness of the glory of God and be thereof are begotten sons and daughspirit and body becoming inseparably made "equal in power, and in might, ters unto God."connected, never to be divided and in dominion,"and pass by the

The Lord showed to his servant throughout all eternity. Through the angels who are set to guard the way

Moses in vision the heavens and said Gospel ordinances and faithfulness to exaltation, surely we should strive unto him: "The heavens, they are to every covenant and obligation the to be faithful in all things. The

many, and they cannot be numbered Lord has given us, we may obtain crowning glory to be given man is the unto man; but they are numbered unto exaltation in the celestial kingdom of continuation of posterity forever.

me, for they are mine. And as one God. The glory of this exaltation is This great gift is to be granted to

earth shall pass away and the heavens declared in the scriptures. We are those who reach the exaltation. It

thereof even so shall another come; unable now to comprehend this fully, is taken away from all others. Thus

and there is no end to my works, but even with the limited vision which the survival of the fittest, in the true neither to my words. For behold, this we have, we are able to understand and full meaning of that term, is acis my work and my glory—to bring that through such obedience we are complished. This blessing which is

to pass the immortality and eternal promised all that the Father has. To reserved for the righteous, those who

life of man."John he said: "I am Alpha and overcome all things, will give unto

From this we learn the wonderful Omega, the beginning and the end. I them the power and authority to beand delightful story that the great will give unto him that is athirst of come the sons of God.

object in creating worlds is to provide the fountain of the water of life Is there any wonder, then, that the habitations for the offspring of God, freely. He that overcometh shall inLord has said that the worth of souls

for the inhabitants of these worlds, herit all things: and I will be his God, is great in his sight? If we could grasp

past, present, and future, are and will and he shall be my son."It is no the proper relationship between ourbe begotten sons and daughters unto light thing to become a son of God. selves and our Eternal Father, and

him. The passing away of worlds Paul said: "For as many as are led realize the extent of his mercy and

does not mean that they shall die and goodness towards us, then we would become eternal lifeless masses of matbe willing to serve him with all our ter, but that they shall pass through The Cigaret's Sermon "heart, might, mind and strength."

it is, after he has promthe several stages assigned to them By ChadesGuenther Marquardt How strange and after they have filled the measure ised all the blessings of his kingdom of their temporal creation shall be ["DO not know the way to teach to us if we will obey him, that so exalted to that condition or glory, * Just how to earn the best of pay; many of us rebel and seek the path of

which they are destined to occupy But if you care to hear me preach, darkness rather than the path which eternally as habitations for the chil- I'll do it in my chosen way. leads to this exaltation. For some

girls bright, boys with and minds so My the reason, strange of of not does because men. anddren Lord The

you'll use observe, By soon of me things, enticing influence for of anything tocreate worldly naught and

I is right, be That as can add my the glory majority love darkness greatdestroyed. His of mankind and work to pains Great weak'ning every nerve.

is to build earths like unto this one rather than light. An ancient proon which we live and to place upon I can subtract your strength and energy. phet said "wickedness never was hapthem his children to work out their And frail I'll make you by and by; piness,"yet man from the beginning

destiny either through obedience to Then, when I've won that victory, of his mortal probation has failed to multiply. to begin Watch me this truth.his to in opposition fundamental laws or them, and

Increase of aches pains comprehend and many is all ofeventually to receive the reward Today, as in ages past, man distress; Will cause you worry and

blessing or punishment which they Your mental power I '11 soon divide seeking happiness, peace and prosmerit according to their works. This It makes me sad, I do confess. perity, through paths of wickedness,

process is an eternal round. There selfishness, and worldly wisdom. Few

It to cringe makes do me this work shall there beginning to lend of and the are willing no an outwas many girls to handicap boys and be A that said has the end, to ear the teachings persuasions and Lordno and life All interest in shirk, you'llthere time never "giveth a Spirit of the of man Christ when was which you'll earth's mtich of miss great joys; And

it is difficult exist. for light not intodid to that every cometh While man too, for chances great Your success

us in this changing mortal world to Discounted are in every way; the world."Even among those who

fully comprehend this truth, yet we Of your young life I'll make a mess. have embraced the truth there are

do and must accept it as the fact. What do you think? Now will it pay? many who have to be constantly en696

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

couraged, buoyed up, and even prodare overcome of the world. Wherebeing reclaimed. By our labor in the

ded, in order to be kept in the line oi fore, let every man beware lest he spirit of love we shall be the means of duty. Others will not heed the proddo that which is not in truth and saving others, and the Lord has said

ding and encouraging help extended righteousness before me."that this labor will bring salvation to

souls. slip intoto of darkbut them, own ways in all our are faithful Let those who

hold the Priesthood the theness they all who even To when know in behalf of the weak. truth things labor

apply: the of Lord light to them. the "Whereguideand have is souls of words the to save mission Our

office faithful; fore in the stand be place such, the takes darknessWith has Priesthood fellow men. The our

I you; appointed unto have which the lightof the of then guidance and for this purus conferred upon been

lift the succor the weak, hands up Spirit is withdrawn.Holy to called preare pose. Those who

strengthen the which down, hang and transgression This commence may callings their and magnify should side in a very slight and apparently imsee that all who are under their difeeble knees."

perceptible way. It may be the ocrection are faithful in the path of duty. HPHE power and authority of the

casional absence from some given There is a day of cleansing coming to higher or Melchizedek priestduty. It may be the occasional violathe Church as well as to the world. hood is to hold the keys of all the

tion of some principle or law. The The Lord has said that he will send spiritual blessings of the Church;

start on the road to apostasy may his angels and they will gather out of to have the privilege of receiving the come from faultfinding or criticism his kingdom all things that offend. Let mysteries of the kingdom of heaven;

of the act of some authority. Little all who hold Divine Authority labor to have the heavens opened unto

things when multiplied grow and soon with all their might. By the warning them; to commune with the general

become insurmountable. Apostasy voice and the helping hand we may assembly of the church of the Firstnever comes all at once. The Spirit save some who are today in the gall born; and to enjoy the communion

of the Lord never withdraws from a of bitterness. A wonderful work is and presence of God the Father,

man suddenly. "If we live,"said being accomplished in some parts of and Jesus the Mediator of the new

President Brigham Young, "according the Church, and the wayward are covenants.—Doc & Cov., 107:18, 19.

to our covenants, we will always enjoy the light of truth; and if we live

faithful enough, we shall enjoy the blessings of the Holy Ghost to be our constant companion. In such case

no person would turn either to the right hand or to the left, in consequence of the motives, the sayings, or the doings of this or that one; but

they would march straightforward in the path that leads to eternal life; and

if others stepped out of the way, they would walk straight along. Without

the power of the Holy Ghost, a person is liable to go to the right or the left from the straight path of duty;

they are liable to do things they are sorry for."... When people's eyes

are opened and they see and understand how heinous it is to turn away from the truth, were they to reflect, and ask, 'Shall I ever leave the faith?

ever turn away from the kingdom of

God?'It would make them shudder;

there would be a chill over them from Front row,ELDERS'left to right:CHAMPIONGlen Treharn-%BASEBALLThirdTEAM,Base; WASATCHRaymond Johnson,WARD, Catch;GRANITEC. H.STAKEParker, Right Field;

their heads to their feet; they would Nick Morgan, Center Field; Cliff Parkin, Right Field; Reginald Done, Pitch.

feel to say, 'No, God forbid!'It was Base; BackGlen row,Anderson,left to Pitch;right: DallyJoe Brown,Lindsay,SecondShort Base;Stop; AbeEastonCannon,Parratt,LeftSecondField. Base; Lloyd Williams, First

said this here morning that no person ever apostatized without actual transElders Enter Athletic Field This Softball activity will be congression. Omission of duty leads to tinued next year and we anticipate a

apostasy. We want to live so as to By Lee Thotup much more extensive participation.

have the Spirit of every day, every "POURING the past Summer the The Interstake Tournament for 1936 hour of the day, every minute of the "Elder's Quorums in five of the will be held near Aug. 15, 1936. The

day; and every Latterday Saint is seven Salt Lake City stakes carried Interstake Committee is desirous of

entitled to the Spirit of God, to the through a successful softball tournamaking this tournament as inclusive as power of the Holy Ghost, to lead him ment, approximately 30 teams parpossible. All Salt Lake City Stakes

in his individual duties. Is anyone ticipating. and others interested are welcome to

else entitled to it? No."The stakes played off their separate participate in all interstake activities.

The greatest gift of God is eternal tournaments to determine the stake Information concerning these aclife. This gift is offered freely to all champions, completing their stake tivities can be had by writing Carl

who will receive it. The Lord said: tournaments about August 1, 1935. Fielding, Chairman Elders'Interstake

"Come unto me, all ye that labor and Wasatch Ward, Granite Stake, Activity Committee, c/o The Imare heavy laden, and I will give you won the first interstake Elders'Title, provement Eta, Salt Lake City, Utah, rest. Take my yoke upon you, and over the 18th Ward, Ensign Stake, The Interstake Committee will wellearn of me; for I am meek and lowly with a decisive victory of 11-5. come expressions from the various

in heart; and ye shall find rest unto The participating teams manifested stakes as to their feelings in regard

your souls. For my yoke is easy, and a good spirit of sportsmanship and the to these activities, as well as suggesmy burden is light."Moreover, he interstake committee feel there is a tions as to other types of activity that

has said, "Wo unto them who are wonderful field of activity for Elders'would be of interest to the Elders'cut off from my church, for the same Quorums in these athletic activities. Quorums of our Church.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Order of Members who filled Assignments Percent of Actual to Possible NumBusiness—Aaronic of Classes and QuorumsPriesthood River, Bear Bannock,: Cassia,93%. Quorum NorthEmery,Sevier,78%. 93%; New York, 82%; ber94%; 93%;

Meetings Average Attendance Sunday Attendance of Supervisors ( Where

School: all Maricopa, York, Cashave Supervisors) 51%; New Wards relatively the short view of timeTN sia, Francisco, San 48%; 45%. 98%; Idaho Falls, 95%; Liberty:

for available the weekly Aaronic of of Observance 93%. Wisdom: 'Word

Priesthood (onemeetings quorum York, Visits Stake Committee to Wards, 76%; Cache, 73%; MariNew

half are meetings such hour), where copa, 73%. Sharon, Wells, 191; 135 Utah, 176;

held in conjunction with the Sunday

School, it is very important for the Comparison 1935 1934 welfare of the members that the time Total Priesthood 79,918 77,159 Gain 2,759 be employed promptly and effectively. % Average Attendance 27% 27% Same

It is recommended that the period % Attendance at Sunday School 28% 31% Loss 3%

Filling Assignments 47% 44% Gain 3% intobe divided Ac- % two parts—Gain 1% Word of Wisdom tivity 51% 50% % Observing Period and Lesson( 1Period.) (2)

Because of the lack of sufficient time, Actual Quorums of Classes 3,044 2,788 Gain 256 the Lesson Period is greatly abridged, % Attendance of Supervisors 72% 51% Gain 21% but with proper preparation on the Number on Stake Committees 688 566 Gain 122 part of the member of the Bishopric Number of Visits to Wards 4,068 2,716 Gain 1,352 and the class supervisor, can prove Average Ra+ing 67 63 Gain 4 very profitable and instructive.

The suggested Order of Business Adult Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood supervisors, in for the meeting is as follows:

Activity Period. Study Course cooperationorganizationswithwhothesuperviseleaders membersin other Under direc- (1)

tion of Quorum Presidency with A SPECIAL course of study for of Aaronic Priesthood age, to stress cooperation of Supervisor (15 to Adult Aaronic Priesthood classes particularly for the balance of the 20 minutes). is now being prepared for early pubyear the three point program of 1935.

a. Prayer, by quorum members lication to meet the widespread deThis program includes:

in rotation. mand from all over the Church. This 1. The filling of one million assign-

b. Audible roll call. new movement in the Aaronic Priestments throughout the Church during

c. Discussion of means of gethood has shown such excellent results the year 1935.

ting attendance of absent that it is now being urged by the 2. An effort to have every member

members. Presiding Bishopric for use in all of the Aaronic Priesthood, regardless

d. Reports of assignment of wards of the Church. of age, fill at least one assignment

duties performed during past The new outline will contain, in during the year.

week. addition to lessons for the entire year 3. To teach clean living to all mem-

e. Assignments of duties to all 1936, suggestions for operating adult bers of the Aaronic Priesthood.

members for ensuing week. classes based upon the most successReports from the stakes indicate

f. Instructions in duties and the ful experiences throughout the that all phases of the campaign have

filling of assignments. Church. It is expected that the new made considerable progress. There

g. Discussion of social and frapublication will be ready in ample is every indication that the first obternal activities in the quotime to begin with January 1st. In jective, that of filling one million asrum. the meantime it is urged that classes signments during the year, will be

(2) Lesson Period. Under direction be organized in every case where it exceeded. How nearly the records

of Class Supervisor. (10 to 15 is possible to do so. will show the accomplishments of the

minutes. other two features cannot as yet be

instructions a. Brief by Member

of Bishopric or Supervisor Aaronic Priesthood Quorum portedforetold.securingSeveralsomewardsactivitieshave fromreon

Habits and Virtues. Outlines For 1936 every member of the Aaronic Priest-

b. Brief review of Priesthood A NEW series of Aaronic Priesthood. Not enough information is

Lesson for the week. (From hood Quorum lesson outlines for available at this time to indicate the

Priesthood Lesson Book. Priests, Teachers, and Deacons to actual condition. Practically all

The careful consideration of all the harmonize with the plan adopted at quorums of the Church have particimatters herein presented is vital for the beginning of this year in connecpated to some extent in the third the welfare and progress of all memtion with the Sunday School classes phase of the program and have conbers. By proper attention to these will be ready for use throughout the ducted lessons on clean living in their

matters every meeting can be made Church with the beginning of the new quorums. It is suggested that this

very interesting to everyone. year. The lessons will deal more feature be stressed at least once or

directly with subjects pertaining to twice before the end of the year in

Aaronic Priesthood the Aaronic Priesthood and its apevery quorum in the Church.

in the lives of its members.Comparisons plication

It will also history include the of the Fundamental Features of

A COMPARISON of the Aaronic Aaronic Priesthood and its importance the Aaronic Priesthood

Priesthood reports of the various in the Church both in ancient and Program to be Stressed stakes for the first six months of 1935 modern times. It is expected that

shows the following percentages for the new books will be ready for disin 1936 the stakes having the highest records tribution by December 15. HPHE three fundamental features of

Rating: Maricopa, 83%; Ogden, the Aaronic Priesthood program

83%; Cache, 82%; Morgan, 82%; Completion of the Three as outlined by the Presiding BishSouth Davis, 82%. Point Program Urged opricannouncedare toforbe 1936stressedat thein theAaronicplan Attendance Aaronic Priesthood

Meetings: Maricopa, 49%; Alberta, HPHE Presiding Bishopric has made Priesthood convention held in con44%; New York, 43%. A a special appeal to stake and ward nection with the semiannual confer698

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

ence held in Salt Lake City in Oc1936 regular reports are to be rein helping perform detail follow up tober. These three features are: quested and followed up where results work. You should meet often with

Aaronic Priesthood Quorum superare not up to standard. them and make a check up on your

vision, the Aaronic Priesthood corThe third phase of the program, rolls and records, putting you in a relation plan and the adult Aaronic that of Adult Aaronic Priesthood position to know exactly where to

Priesthood plan. Special emphasis classes, is to be given additional imcenter your forces for the betterment

is to be placed upon the orderly, petus with the publication of a speand advancement of the work.

systematic and effective conduct of cial guide and course of lessons. The You are survey men for the

Aaronic Priesthood Quorums, followresults secured by the large number Bishopric and they expect you to ing the order of business printed elseof wards now following this plan have make your reports and recommendawhere in this department. This is the proved its worth and it is now a pertions pertaining to changes in quorum

plan provided and recommended by manent part of the program for the officers, advancements and assignthe Presiding Bishopric of the Church. Aaronic Priesthood of the Church. ments.

is itIn follow order to it successfully is It all adults intended to reach who quickly learn actuBoys more by thatimportant supervisors quorum still of Priest, the office hold Teacher, lecally listening to than doing byact officers the as advisors to quorum or Deacon. tures.

in in of ormeetings advance weekly der that the officers themselves may Proper Calling Necessary properly the of the conduct work authority cannot jlTEN assume to is stress planquorum. to the The Moves Church On in act of the to the name Lord or all that inrecommendation quorums 683) (Continued from page in direct things religious unless they officersthe preside conquorum andduct the meeting in its details except have been properly called and orGarland Ward—Bear

the discussion by the members of the dained by those already holding diRiver Stake

Bishopric and the presentation of the vine authority. As the Apostle Paul President Heber J. Grant dedicated

lesson by the Supervisor. says: the splendid new Recreation Hall in

The Aaronic Priesthood correlation "And no man taketh this honor this ward. Nearly 1000 persons were

plan is to be given special attention unto himself, but he that is called of in attendance.

as was (Hebrews 5: reach God,during to the year in an effort Aaron."—Recent Changes in 4)every inactive of the Aaronic member

Priesthood between the ages of 12 Thoughts For Supervisors Church Administrators large 18 inclusive.and number A Draper Ward—Eastthe the of of npHERE wards Church are now Stake Jordan

thisfollowing A erationshouldbetweenbe verythe closesupervisorscoopplan outstanding with apwas L. CHRISTIANSEN supervisorsresults. cases, between the misoperation In other through

with Bishop of this Ward Supervisorsunderstanding of or lack appreciation do *-"'*P pointed and the Bishopric.

of its importance, the plan has not not relieve the Bishopric of their re- J. Leon Smith as first counselor and

been followed consistently. During sponsibility, but you are aids to them Kenneth Bailey as second counselor. Bancroft Ward—Idaho Stake

Aaronic Priesthood Questionnaire The Bishopric of this ward was rePrepared and Used by Elder Claude Smith, Chairman Aaronic organized as follows—William T.

Priesthood Committee, 1213th Ward, Ensign Stake Hyde, Bishop; P. Dewey Skinner,

first counselor, and Elmer O'Neil 1. What are your favorite games? Wilcox, second counselor.

Stake Delco Ward—Burley Fishing? Swimming?. 2. like Hunting? Camping? you Do as sustained Hurst Winfred was

like 3. Scouting? (a) you Why? Do first Lewis, A. with Oleen Bishop

not? Why Darrington, counselor, Harry and Why?..... like (Explorer) work? (b) Vanguard you Do counselor. second Why not? Stake Pella Ward—Burley like (c) Why? Do you M Men Clarence Coltrin succeeded Ira H. - Whyactivities?not?

this ward. of as Bishop Crandall R. parties? like you With girls? 4. Do

5. What are your hobbies? - His counselors are Lyle H. Duke and

6. Do you like pets? What kind? - Lewis A. Ward. 7. What vocations interest you? Midway Second Ward—

What would you like most to be? Wasatch Stake

Nephi Probst was sustained as 8. (a) Who is your best friend? Bishop with Alma Huber, first coun-

(b) Name four other close friends. selor, and Roy Huffaker, second

counselor. 9. Do you play with boys in your own neighborhood? If not, what Chase's Mill

neighborhood do you like to play in? The old Chase Mill in Liberty Park

10. (a) Do you like school? Why? Why not?.. was dedicated as the official hall of

(b) What is your favorite study? - - the Salt Lake County Company of

11. Do you work? Full time or part time? the D. U. P. The dedicatory prayer

12. Do you have any habits you are trying to break? was offered by President Heber J.

What? Grant.

13. Have you any particular fear of anything? What? Pleasant Grove—Utah

14. Do you like your priesthood quorum work? Why?. A monument commemorating the Why not? Indian fight at Battle Creek, near

15. What is your attitude toward your home?.. Pleasant Grove in 1849, was dedicated Friday, Sept. 13, 1935. PleasThe questionnaire was used with splendid results. It assisted greatly in ant Grove was founded Sept. 13,

connection with the Aaronic Priesthood Correlation Plan. 1850.

I Would Not Be in the Majors Today if

I Had Continued to Use Tobacco testifies Monte Pearson, a Mormon boy, member of the "Big Four"with the Cleveland Indians of the American Baseball League.

Cigarettes Then and Now Who is Monte Pearson?

HTHE divinely revealed hygienic fyJONTE PEARSON is a Morcode of the Latterday Saints, mon boy who was born in the commonly called the "Word of city of Oakland, California, but

Wisdom,"was given to the Church who moved to Fresno where he

February 27, 1 833. In the light of played ball on the sandlots so well

the changed attitude since 1833, that he was found and sent to the towards cigarette addiction, the Oakland Club of the Coast League prophetic words of the revelation as a pitcher. He was so good that

regarding the "evil designs"which the Cleveland Indians purchased "will exist in the hearts of conhim for a neat $1 5,000.00. He was

spiring men,"is really significant. "farmed out"to the Toledo Club

I was profoundly impressed with of the American Association. He

this remarkable forecast in reading was recalled by Cleveland in 1932, recently the chapter in Greenleaf's but was sent back to Toledo. In

text on Evidence on Judicial No1934 he was recalled by Manager tice. The chapter discusses matWalter Johnson, of the Indians,

ters that are of such common reand immediately made good, leadpute that proof of their existence ing the American League for pitchis not required in courts of justice. ing effectiveness.

The courts take judicial notice of Why couldn't he stick when he these matters of great notoriety reported to Cleveland and when without evidence of their existence. he was recalled from Toledo that

The text cites the case of Austin first time?

versus the State of Tennessee, inHere is his answer: "I learned

volving the harmful nature of cigarto smoke and found that it was ettes, as an example of the range the reason I could not stay in the of subjects, of which the courts Majors when I was sent up from take cognizance without proof. Oakland and also when I was reThe case was decided in 1898. called from Toledo that first time.

Austin was convicted and sen- I could not make second base tenced to pay a fine of $50.00 for without getting out of wind."

selling cigarettes. He appealed to How did he solve his problem?

the Supreme Court of Tennessee. Let him answer: "I stopped

One of the points attempted to be MONTE PEARSON, PITCHER, smoking. I immediately put on the

made on behalf of Austin was the CLEVELAND INDIANS necessary weight. I can now run

claim that there was nothing inall over the baseball field and not herently wrong about selling cigcenter of attraction on the page. feel as bad as when I ran to second

arettes. In reply to this contention She is vouching for the disgusting base while I was still smoking

of defense counsel, the Court said: and demoralizing falsehood that a cigarettes.

"Are cigarettes legitimate articles of certain brand of cigarette is her "/ would not be in the majors commerce? We think they are not, be- "best friend."today if I had continued to use

cause they wholly are noxious deleand is tobacco."fallacious bit of publicity Thisterious to health. is Their use always Monte says: "You often hear in contrast with the sound beneficial.harmful never posquite and They

sess no virtue, but are inherently bad and opinion of the learned Tennessee that so and so smoke long black only.bad find no They commendation cigars or cigarettes, nobut I have verifies the Prophet's and Judge;

merit in or sphere.for usefulness any On ticed that the players smoke who will "evil declaration that designsthe contrary, widely are they condemned are shortlived leagues big in the in exist the hearts of conspiringas pernicious altogether.

"There is no proof in the record as to men,"regarding the most regretThe men who stay for years and the character charof cigarettes; yet their great for themselves make names table extension of the pernicious

isacter so well so generally and known abstainers are nearly always from evil of tobacco addiction.to that be stated that the above courts

are authorized to take judicial cognizance Judge Nephi Jensen. tobacco and liquor."

of the fact"Monte has not only pitched great baseball, but he has knocked many

At about the time I read this a home run when it was needed.

opinion of the Tennessee Supreme AMONG men students at AnIn 1933 he was one of the two

Court, I picked up a current magtioch College 31.6 per cent of players selected on the socalled

azine with a fullpage cigarette adnon-smokers fail to maintain re- "Freshman Team"of the Majors.vertisement. A woman, gaily holdquired grades, while 62.3 per cent—Arranged from a letter from

ing aloft a lighted cigarette is the of heavy smokers similarly fail. Lafayette Hyde, Fresno, Cal.

OOrVVaCOMUTUAI General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.FOX,A. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM. CANNON, GRANT LUCY Q. MORRIS GEORGE

Offices Y. General M. I. A. A. BEESLEY, W. CLARISSA FRANKLIN WEST NOY, IIOGAN ELSIE VAN BUILDING A. KIRKHAM,L. OSCAR

Secretary Secretary Executive SALT33 BISHOP'S LAKE CITY, UTAH

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

TITE Itlikecanthebeplaneasilyfor carriedthis year!—forTheteachingHolyanySpiritleaderis canthe have.best aid to whichon pageswe give6165below,of thetheCommunitylist foundward—"We want to achieve in everyThere is also a desire for activity. Activity Manual; and any other good

choosing. cultural courses with us fill the numbers of their in Let specialize to are goingthing—We

illustrations. demonstrations and Let as these suchMusic"—Expressions Voices Men's art of hospitality, the the us practice from handare being heard on every

of of the Men art telling, public story of the art of there Harlech—No. indicating that I. A. officers,M. 9c per copy Schirmer talking instead of address March5385—G. merely the satisfactionis with widespread Publishing Roadways—Eisler—Kalmus them. about for 193536.program St., 57th York Co., 209 New W.

City -15c per copy Seldom if ever have we experienced Music Sing Me a Chantey With a Yo Heave

Fox, 15c as per copy period convention successfulso a Ho—No. 0184—Sam in of the Music rjIRECTORS the Lord, Bless 833—Soul—No. Beginning My just completed. on Othe one

I. this rich a A. year have M....15c per copy Boston Music continuing eleventh andAugust

field special in to work. which The 7371 In Luxembourg Co>.Gardens—No. Institute groups October,through

is 12c per copy feature Schirmer the G. ward operetta—"And stakes met or have morewhere two 13614 it BellMan—Forsyth—No. in The offering delightful Rained"—a single for conventionstogether and 15c per Oliver Ditson copy acts. are melodies tunetwo The quarterly in withstakes connection Blooming Lo, a Rose How It ful libretto sparkling. the and may 24 the In held. Praetorius beenconferences Concord have E'erSeries—No. I. offices, in obtained the be A. M. 8c per copy Shirmer C. E. espebeen has attendance theformer price $1.00. additional mimeoAn of Song to is thing It fine. inspiringcially an Bohemia—No. of directions stage graphed copy and 663713—J.15c per Bro. Fischer copy and six five orsee hundred four or even

is of descriptions dances provided. Golden 7655—G. Slipper s—No. reall together,people gathered 15c copy per Schirmer is this for of one Only copy needed instruction, alert, forceptive, eager

35c. production. Price each give their in hearts to Ladies'Voices promise awith operetta to In the addition each

is in a to that bestthe them very to Davis is to the Turn continue encouraged Me-—Katherine ward their ofgreat enrichment 16c Schirmer copy per No. cause—the Thee491—G. ladies, of organizing male, and mixed

spirit characterized hasfellows. This Mother Songs Me My these having choruses, choruses oplarge, DvorakStickles the convention, No. bothevery Taught3118—Chappel to portunity proopening appear on 15c per copy Harms onethe small groups andcombined

night, each grams Sunday Tuesday the on Sun Be To Water—Schubertstake meets.

Fischer....15c night Conjoint the three programs, and per copy No. 5999—Carl

Rejoice, Faithful—for Us All Ye evenings More gratifying still has been the special set apart comLet

atmosphere of faith in and love for munity activity work. Ward directors GraunSaar No. 5134—Carl Fischer

the Gospel and of joy and pride in are advised to use selections found in 15c per copy

Treharne No. Fires—Bryceson thethe "For Church. The addresses, the arranged Program Chorus Book 15c per Ditson copy Gypsy52-6—Oliver is at of and Hand"HeavenKingdom are copies of Cain, which Noble by Pirate Huerter No. Dreams—Charles presentathe that"Life Lives"and in nearly to every ward; found be per -..15c Ditson copy 13715—Oliver to contributedtion of the Slogan have list in the 1934-5, sugges.ed from Last 3123 No. Night—KjerulfStickles

this spirit and have found warm responseWe believein thethatheartsall haveof leftour theofficers.conventions encouraged and happy in

their work.

Community Activity

Religious Courses

Cultural Courses HTHERE is a cry throughout the

Church for religious teaching, for information concerning the Church, its principles, its leaders. The M. I. A.

Courses of study this year are designed to answer, in part at least, this need. Class leaders are urged to seek

for the Spirit of the Lord in presenting them, that greater knowledge, faith E. S. CHRISTENSEN AND HiS SIX SONS

and testimony may be developed. Mr. Cliristensen resides in Huntington Park Ward. All of his six sons are active I. A. work.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935—Chappel Harms 15c per copyour fellows. We must give joy to get the Sailor? What journey did ChrisGrant Me True Courage Lord—Bach it. When we create joy we satisfy tian take? How was the delicacy of

Schirmer. per 12c roast pig copy the No. 806—G. only body. the known? mind and What first made soul—not 5098 No. Serenade—SchubertTrinkaus is this season of our kind Uriah person aim Remember Heap? was per Fischer 15c copy—Carl all."for of die? happiness "Create did a year Ophelia became What How

Stake Music Directors, if they have Notes on Reading, under Senior of Banquo?

not already done so, should in the Department of this issue, by Harrison course of our author selection near future R. Merrill, of the make of Socialize the Group too. to adults of interest are study, in their voices will be twenty Stake who

to sing the selections designated in CENIORS, why not have a party?

the Community Activity Manual in That buffet supper was a success.

preparation for the Churchwide SeniorsThe game of authors would be approMusic Festival in June. priate for educational entertainment.

It is hoped, too, that all Stakes will The New Testament Or the group could make their own hold Stake Music Festivals at some "reading"game by writing questions or ago, years time in this deduring the season. suggested such as those

devout men These are HTWOA thereabouts,THOUSANDa few outstanding the inspirational partment on cards and matching them among features of M. I. A. work. wrote some letters to their friends with answers. Literary games of

among the saints. So unusual were any sort would be appropriate.

Adults thewas storiesthe hopetheytheytold,set soforth,enthrallingso dyManyparties; groupswe hopemay theyhavewillsuccessfullet us

namic was the faith they exhibited that know how it was done. Buy a Manual those letters have been preserved for

"The Best Ever"worldus in stillthe Newenjoys Testament.those lettersTheso Nature Speaks

adult said: leader from that continues the Nevada to be keenly book AN there can is no say men God * seller I nations. the best our year among "Each wonder how HOW sod,. springeth the see from what And

this assignments In of the reading can surpassed program be any but of has sown, hand never man Where in year's at the 191 is the of found best bottom page ever."manual flown!'birds only bees and have Where Certainly every member should now the Senior Manual—Lesson III of

brings Each day the passages have which Manual. in hand the Adult No "Reading"—mark

seems literature hesitate by That that it is often echoed in to say anare and one need to say—Godforth somelives,wonder'tis new,true;

other choice bit of rich reading maspeakers. Check the references in the Each day most surely follows night,

terial, valuable for study and referfollowing poem with the last few For after darkness comes the light.

ence. It is unquestionably worthy of chapters of Revelations."And birds with beauteous plumage rare,

a place in your home library. Every And lovely flowers beyond compare,

member needs a copy for his own use. Let This Be Heaven AndTell onetreesthatthatGodstandis upoverstraightall. and tall,

let this /\H, heaven be God, Invite All Adults torrent to say, raging seems "I streets, The for golden not ask do I higher obey; power A is that it proves EXPERIENCE walls, for jasper long Or flowing streami brook, babbling and And

interesting to L/ more and profitable I shores sigh for pearly do Nor is All than dream. whisper more God

study and learn with others than Where twilight never falls;

in glare at noon, of sun alone. studies outlines proand The peaks, Even leave these beside here Just me

stars, In twinkling glowing moon. and are vided that arranged so they may this land, In rough western

In thunderstorm, keen, so wind and large of small used be or groups by this old I love of Thine dear world is seen. clearly hand The of God adults. hope, however, no group understand. We Dear God, you

will be satisfied until all who are In solitude of woodland grove, eligible have been brought into active Oh, God, let this be heaven Wherever men desire to rove, membership and joyous participation. I do not crave white, stainless robes, Where life of any sort is found,

I'll keep these marked by toil; God's Spirit always hovers round.

The Group Discussion Plan Instead of straight and narrow walks Throughout all nature one can see, soil; trails soft I love with majesty, Order law and and TTHIS

of higher crystal streams, Evidence hand healed been I have by A operativeis the learning.favored methodThere inis cono is to able command. man these peaks Than But from snowcrowned

relationship "teacher"and "pupil"incense dawn burns Where in following its course, season to the day Each here, although guides or someone in streaks. the sky And paints Belief enforce; seems to in God is leads the discussion. Advantage

all In seeks, where'er the world one effort. taken of cooperative Each let this God, be heaven Dear 'tis lives! speaks. nature God God lives! the others in depends member upon for ask angel wings, I do not

group. Each carries his fair share of Just leave that old peak there—Catherine L. M. Horner,

responsibility interest in maintaining British Mission. 'till climb comes the me And

going. keeping the group and Each night—let

is learner; teacher. one a each one a stair. golden no I want

special leaders be Help from may M MenGleaiiei\s I last adieu say Then, when my at times, desired however. all farewells are given And Story and Religious The

Be Friendly and Sociable JustOh,leaveGod,myletspiritthis herebe heaven!somewhere Teaching

KTEETINGS may be as informal as—H. R. M. /VFTEN a story may be brought

into the or speech a group a class discussion comdesires. To live Great Books that pletely effective will understandingly, must than anyand be more we

adjust and readjust ourselves to our 7V GAME made up of questions thing else the speaker or teacher environment. Let us assist each other * might be interesting for Chapter could do. President David O. McKay

happily to move with the "stream of IV. For instance one might ask: is especially effective in this field.

events"and to move gracefully among What is a roc? Who was Sinbad On one occasion he was empha702

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

sizing the need of a Sunday School "Nobody ever outgrows Scripture; time for reading the Scriptures. Just

teacher's being an exemplar and rethe book widens and deepens with before going to sleep seems the most told the story of the boy who cared our years."Spurgeon. certain. A few minutes of the class

for the bats for the baseball team. Gleaning as it applies to Gleaner period once or twice a month should

This boy had great faith in his Sunday Girls means gathering knowledge, and be devoted to this part of our proSchool teacher, the pitcher on one binding the sheaves means putting gram. Scripture reading should have

of the teams. After President McKay that knowledge into action. The a place on the Conjoint Sunday Night

had finished his story, every teacher Bible contains not only history of Program and will increase the inmade a vow to keep faith with his ancient peoples, but truths that are terest of the girls in reading this class. This story was retold by Hareternal and can be guides for our lovely literature aloud.

rison R. Merrill with President Mclives today. Consider the following

permission the Kay's under title quotations from Proverbs: VI Men in "Bart found "Spec's Faith,"and is

of Stories."and Other Kane County Whoso loveth correction loveth The M Men Program effectStories been used that have knowledge

ively in teaching religious principles But he that hateth reproof is brutish. For 193536

as are Lost such by Word,""The for 193536 Program Men HTHE M Dyke; Other Man,""TheVan Wise jewel of gold a As of * is just vision as as rich the the of by King Dyke; "The Van snout, In swine's a advised aided men, and our by young excerpts River;""Ben fromGolden fair is without a So is which woman it. leaders, carefully can chosen make Millersville;"in "Finding Hur;"God discretion. activities followthe into Translated "Selfish Giant,"Wilde.and Oscar by

to meetings suggestive ing and are as this during It would be interesting gracious retaineth honor woman A attendance period to old of the review some riches. violent men retain And

: Meetings Respect to ( 1 ) With to plays English morality mystery and

meetings each month Normally two used to teach they wereshow how diligently seeketh good seekHe that of the manual. the study are given to religious principles. Extracts from favor: eth

these may be found in many antholBut he that searcheth after mischief, One meeting monthly is given to the activity, "Public special Adliterature. Menogies of English M shall unto him. come

is given monthly dress"One "Pilgrim's is often Progress"pride cometh, then cometh cited Whenit Girl acthe joint to allegories. greatestas the all the of MmeetingMenGleaner shame

Story."of the Use "The speakyears It has been quoted for by But with the lowly is wisdom. tivity,

first three meetings the Duringers inciteachers; the of and many

dents are told to illustrate religious As vinegar to the teeth, above referred to, time should be for of organizagiven any mattersteachings. bring teacher might The eyes, to the as smoke And

business, necessary or or any classthe book to and read enough sluggard that to So is the send tion them extracts to interest the group in the him. other appropriate concern that should

book. have immediate attention. This

The leader might carry out the demHe that guardeth his mouth keepeth should be well organized, and handled onstration by listing such religious his life: with despatch. Such matters shouldprinciples as Faith, Repentance, But he that openeth wide his lips shall be carefully outlined by M Men ClassCharity, Love, Meekness, and having have destruction. officers and considered with the M

the class respond with stories such Men Class leader before the evening as that of Peter walking on the water; Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: they are presented, so that time will

of the Apostle Paul after his converBut when the desire cometh, it is a be properly used and misunderstandsion; of the widow and Elijah; of tree of life. ings avoided.

David and Absalom; of Moses in preIn the same manner, matters of injointlyparing for his great leadership. Someone has said everyone should terest to M Men and Gleaners

jointly in adconsidered should be favorite have her passage or chapstory the used constantly Jesus and officers Gleaner vance and by Men M is of Scripture. yours? effectively. Whatmost of our modern Many Class LeadGleaner with and Men M suggest the following: James,preachers All the have terWe same. done ers presented are that they so when 3rd Chapter; 5th Matthew, 25th andof us the have heard of WisWord is proper there and order and wisdom Chapters; I Corinthians, 13th Chapdefended story of the meansdom by responsibility. placing of ter; III Nephi, 11th Chapter; Doctrineof king's Daniel the meat; the and

efficacy of prayer by the story of and Covenants, Section 76. (2) With Respect to Attendance,

Joseph Smith's first vision. Happy Encourage the girls to set a special Suggested Activities Would

is the man or woman who can find Include:

in his or her own experiences little Getting the name, address and agestories which illustrate religious prinof every M Man in the ward. This

ciples. All of us could find these Modern Pandora should be done by an attendance comMen.incidents M

for if we keep always on the By Elaine Little possiblemittee oflist eachalert for them. AlsoM Manas onefar oras

interests, of his and pals, some her apart, two happiness took SHE preparation of his abilities. The it was made. see how ToGleaners* Dissected every shining bit, file of cards or a notebook for thisa

Classified and labeled it, material is recommended. Approach

Our Sheaf: "I will read Impaled it on a blade. the M Man, not in regular attendance,

the Scriptures daily."Denuded this, deflated that, through his pals, or interests, or abilAstute and unafraid. ities to serve the group. Let him

life so! could use oh that her And Bible is the thoughtsug- most is there aTTHE and wanted, he is know

fate could her abuse so how A gesting in for service the place world. can he book and a him No And to happiness sever? Herother deals such with perform. themes."grand it she all apart, For took though—Hettick Johnson. And sorted it as per the chart When one moves into the ward or

"This book of stars lights to eternal She cannot find the place to start attends from another ward, make him bliss."- George Herbert. To put it back together. welcome. Do what can be done for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, -NOVEMBER, 1935 him. If he belongs to another ward, question at hand, and suitable to the We submit a few ideas for busy have the M Men President Attendage of the class. In practising the fingers. In all our gift making, let

ance Representative contact the telling of the story it is always wise us keep in mind the idea of applying proper officer of the other ward and to tell it aloud to someone before our symbols where possible; by

try to adjust the M Man where he giving it to the class. It may be that doing this, we will fill some more

belongs. you will have to tell it to yourself in cells.

Juniors willfrontweedof a outmirror.those detailsIn this whichway youare lovelyHave conventionalyou ever thoughtsymbolsof cuttingfrom

uninteresting. gummed paper. These you can paint

"[O more enjoyable work than that The reading around method has and then use as Christmas seals on of teaching can be found. To passed. But there is an advantage your gift packages.

in of share the creation with a in this God great method books of when of in formative the idea mind new value It are considered. to be may cookieIt wouldn'tand candybe difficultcutters toof makeyour

of children surely should His one be be Bible, employed the the when Book tin, solsymbols shears by using and effort the for compensation enough of the Doctrine Mormon, and Coveirons. dering symbol The swarm

in that teaching forth put making nants, Pearl of Price and the Great for well would such a purwork up while. worth are used. as well pose as your Cookies own.

Methods become doubly important The one method which is to be and candy are so much fun to make.

that commended others is above all dealing are teachers with Junior when shall decwant to and Then we make the problemproject method. This and of so have much vitality Girls who orate some boxes them and wrap

enthusiasm that it requires an intergives the girls the chance to put into attractively.

operation that they heard which their have esting to capture indeed teacher is so Cellophane to purinexpensive in discussed the classroom. course attention. Of fancy and method One chase, but better even than buying, that the means the of members is of this that has employed been which

all get, will save can you and you class should texts the have available is lecture. lecture the upon good The quite collection have into to a make that so they can lessons the read have is certain occasions. If there someone

trees, ribbons, pine flowers, bows, It beforehand. the demands added cerin intense given has a study who table decorations, favors. and home initiative of the to think teacher out field, tain an has one become who

expert, then he has the voice of auunusual ways of putting the project Instead of using monograms, emthority and most people willingly listo the girls so that they will work it broider your towels, handkerchiefs, ten to him. However, these Junior out in the following weeks until they pillow slips, bed spreads, pillows,

Girls are not eager to listen even to make the desired changes in their purses, scarfs, with your symbol.

the greatest authorities. Conselives. Have you tried making queer

quently, the lecture method will not Each lesson can be worked out on shaped animals and men for tree orprove effective here unless it is parthis plan. For instance, in the lesson naments and favors, from fruit, nuts,

celed out in small doses and given to on "My Little World,"several sugcandies, pine cones and acorns? A

the girls themselves to handle. If, gestions have been made in the text jolly Santa is made from a red apple,

for instance, as in the lesson "A Book for projects to be solved outside the cotton, cloves, raisins, and toothpicks;

is a Frigate,"some of the girls have class. In your teaching, find those a snow man from marshmallows,

already finished the book, The Inproblems that confront your particular gumdrops, and toothpicks.

vincible Louisa, which is recomcomrrmnity and solve them. Books are always a favorite with

everything else Above let there, it might wise to be mended old, and as gifts. have faith young markBook and keep youth. faith with for give those girls a brief review slip for covers ers and decbooks

lecture benefit the of the class. The

in this that case be so short would no Bee-'oratedheavy paper,attractivelyoilcloth,canorbesuitablemade fromfabclass in the one would will great be ric materials. suitable for For books become restless WHOSOEVER

it. hearing or tired from in watch the among you, let him your gifts, page Review be Book

Another method is that of the quesminister; and whosoever will be chief the Era. The M. I. A. Hand Books

tion and answer. This has value but among you let him be your servant. of past years contain lists of books,

it is not the ideal way of teaching. In Even so the Son of Man came not to also the M. I. A. Supplement. 1933.

this teacher the the quesasks method be ministered unto, but to minister as a faithpromoting recommend and We tions for the answers and calls from to book, give His life, a ransom Modern Miracles, for many."by Stokes.

their the class without having had In our let preparations for Christmas Puzzles are an mounting made by lesson. of the reading opportunity the us the in keep quotation our above attractive picture then cardboard, on especially will to teacher need be The minds as its a real of reminder it into cutting pieces. various shaped

this in careful lesson of using type purpose. Dolls and animals can be from a made defipresentation that to see she has a BeeKeepers charted have who cent ten pair of socks, men's piece a

if nite to outline she follow because their of will the year's program work of oilcloth. gingham,

will girls alert these hasn't are so who not taken be surprise Kris by by cans Tin footconvenient make off into the lead her while bypaths Kringle at winking the them around stools. in together Put seven cans will neglected. lesson be Probably corner.

tie flower shape, together, them pad, first girls will lesson, the the when not have had the opportunity to purand cover with oilcloth, suiting, carchase the books will have to be largely pet, or other heavy material. Braided

this question and answer method or rags sewed together for a rug will as it is called by Dr. Wahlquist the please Mother. Paper bags, when

recitation method. decorated, by using crayons and scisThe using of stories is important sors, make holiday bags, nut cups and

not as a means of developing the queer shaped hats for parties and lesson but rather as a method of retrees.

inforcing that which is to be emCardboard boxes make table phasized. An apt story is always mats, screens, wastepaper baskets,

more forceful than a whole evening loose leaf note books, portfolios, files of abstract talking. But the story for clippings, curtain pulls, animal

must be welltold, applicable to the heads for stick horses, pin wheels,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

blocks, Christmas tree ornaments. that will insure success and happiness basis of success is the intelligent unFancy papers, wall paper, and your in service to society. This objective derstanding of the nature and needs

own drawings, will make them look implies that whoever is interested in of these youths and the wisdom to festive. Be sure to shape well the the counseling and guidance work plan a program of activities that inarticles you decide to make. A beauwill: spires respect, promotes confidence,

tifully shaped article doesn't need 1. Seek to help individuals to disand results in meaningful and worthy

much decoration. cover the extent of their aptitudes, social responses on the part of these

The round ornamental boxes or ice interests, and needs. youths. (The person who accepts

cream cartons make good toys. From 2. Plan to develop in individuals the confidence of the boy must be

them we can make twine containers, interests which will lead them to plan trained in the art of personality condarning cotton containers in the form and to carry forward programs of struction and interpretation, otherwise of an armchair, cradle, engine, windtraining. false security and guidance may be

mill, and animals. given.

Tin cans can be converted into 3. Will impart pertinent informaflower vases, hanging baskets, Indian tion regarding social, moral, vocational, activities that recreational andrattles, equipdrums Scout and Boy

to will recognize individuals cause are Masters soBooks reflector ovens. for brother, asment

values. personal and ( Continued Glenn cial Handcraft from page 692 for Every by Woman,

Johnson Beeley, contains many suggestions 4. Seek to build up a normal well

for Christmas gift making. Note pages integrated personality and to detect so charming as these pages, and not

9198, 132, 133, 135, 140156. and remedy any maladjustment which even my friends are quite so real,

BeeKeepers, if you intend teaching might occur. perhaps quite so dear, as d'Artagthe First Aid in January, now is the 5. Will encourage individuals to nan."

yourself.time subto prepare This participate in actively meaningful and This so beloved book Stevby

ject taught, be properly must and no creating thus worthy situations is it a apenson not general favorite;

learn minute.one can in a preciations of these values for the is too long for the too sad and

activities.

reader, average but Stevenson who 6. teach individprepare Will and at death had always his elbow,

uals revise their to acplan to and liked falling the slow shadows, andExplorers and tivities in the changing event condithe passing one of the great one by this advisable. makeScouty tions heroes; quiet the glorand though individuals to see the value 7. Help

The Boy, His Nature and and acquire the standards necessary ious ending had for him a singular

His Needs to live completely in a democratic charm. And may we not feel that

social order. it was here he gathered the seeds of

By Philo T. Farnsworth Guidance and counseling offers an the thought he so beautifully exlives to touch the of human young Appeal.ance—theNo. IX. Counseling and Guidopportunity to give a personal and presses in his "Requiem."Human the Under wide starry and sky, without affectation, sentiment, people

lie. the let Dig grave and me Editor's This is the Comment: It and emotionalism. presupposes a I live did Glad die, gladly and of articles.ninth of a series condition of confidence in such and I laid will. with a And a down me

is condition the conducive of most efforts the of past our most seemTN This the be for me; grave verse you lasting impressions. andA to with permanent concerned have lies Here he to where he longed be;

raised aspirations; the To have toremedial work. have seem is the sailor, sea, from the beenWe to Home home

waited with our counsel and personal have awakened the interest; to cause And the hunter home from the hill.

guidance until the young man or definite activities toward the goal of realization endeavor; and social is trouble, into somewoman then we self

these of are end products guidance "\Tt7'HILE we recognize the joy and to help herproceed out or condemn her. Waiting for the breakdown and counseling. growth that is to be had in

merely makes one "a trouble shooter"Who is there among us who would books, we must remember that and loses much time and energy. not be truly happy if his life, his there are bad reading habits as well

The modern principle of counseling actions, and his thoughts were the as good ones. Life is a reality

and guidance is in most respects the basis of confidence and inspiration to we have problems to be solved, people? youngantithesis practices. of the past Contasks to of be done, the kind and

is opportunity before The everystructive counsel guidance and based gives that to us courage leader of of Zion. the Youth information indisoundon about the The livereading life its full, to our solve to our

vidual forthe most among are now problems tasks, and complete our looking preventive andward prois good. read as a But when we projected. evergrams

The plan presupposes a congenial means of escape from reality, as an atmosphere of confidence and assureasement from some troublesome ance not the harassed and unwelcome situation, and so become insensiattitude so often found in handling tive to our duties, we are cultivatremedial work. ing a reading habit which accordCertain it is that the approach is an ing to Dr. H. A. Overstreet is quite

art, for how to inspire confidence, to as damaging to character as a narhave the knowledge, to know how cotic vice.

give it,to and and when in what Books are masters, but they do challenge.amounts, is indeed a great

The fundamental purpose back of not seek us; we must approach

counseling and guidance is to help them. Choose those which will

the individuals to plan for and to best help to discipline us, to deseek training in social, spiritual, vovelop, to unfold us—for that is

cational, and recreational activities the purpose of life.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. OCTOBER, 1935

often. clothes the very over your touched have you feel youChallenge of Go in chin back spirit of up, your Keep your way. beauty a personal

straight, relaxed. night, knees sleep at having your Go toCharm

all ill or listen poem, heart to music, cleared of Read a mind and (Continued from page 687) wear something lovely ( underwear, feeling or sadness, with the corners never gossip, slander, hurt, criti- a flower, a gay bow, earrings, or of your mouth turned upward, a cize. With some people we spend what not.) smile in your soul and gratitude to

(even the Maker for life and loveliness.an evening—with others we invest Laugh three times a day—it. Three safe questions to ask bethough you must read a funny joke May we have much in common

fore talking about persons are: Is or tell one. in this glorious old world, because

it necessary, is it kind, is it true? Perform some kind act—do we believe in this slogan: Arm

Get a good book on conversation something every day that makes Against Harm With Charml and apply its simple rules in your own life. Conversation is an art.

figure this majestic since gone converses person charmingThe In the World's and life given unknown by some waswell, but wise girls and women sculptor, yet it still lives in matchnever indulge in the idea that they Wonder Art know more than boys and men less beauty, a striking memorial ofand display it by their conversaGallery the mighty past, a glorious inspiration. If they do, watch men look (Continued from page 680) tion for the future.

escape. of avenue for an So girls, isle of that Grecian goddess "O

tell at least not laid bare in its hiding place thedon't know, all you laves, the shoes blue Aegean Whose all at once. If you have been to greatest art treasure of the entire Whose cliffs repeat with answering

Europe, or had an operation, once world. He told his neighbors of smile

is enough to mention it. his wonderful find and they gathTheir features in its sunkissed waves!

pit eagerly ered the to help around it "An figure bring rescue the andThe Art of Pleasing {My goal him Weexilemarkfromtheethyin nativea northernplace,clime;—to make everyone love me. into the broad daylight. The MarYet mark on thy majestic face

still Time."glory undimmed by quis Riviere, de A French Ambasif is fair have frank be you To to Constantinople, of sador heard

is tact. sixth the sense, not Tact treasures Little that with wonder the great discovery Yorand made it five. is light the of the other sources, richest the from gathered the happiest gas island the on man that Chesterfield us reminds "Most the to to look has the world come for francs paying 6,000 by him applirequire arts long study and collection matchless the as Louvre in his orchard. found he what had of useful cation, art the but most is steadily enhanced value who's in safely It reached France Feball, pleasing, only requires of that years. the passing of the There with ruary, 1824, presented and was by is please. desire."to the charm To letter century ago a days red were the to Louis Marquis XVIII. is sort Pleasing of people breathmaster- such were added when

pieces as Titian's "Assumption of taking and exciting. Try it. QURING the Commune the

Dear Friends: (And I hope you Venus of Milo was carried the Virgin,"Tintoretto's "Miracle

are my friends): away for safety and hidden, buried of St. Mark,"Rubens'"Descent

These humble thoughts of mine, in the cellars of the house of the from the Cross,"and Domeniwritten very simply in these chats Superintendent of Police. The chino's "Communion of St. Jeron charm were given in answer to Communards burned down the ome."In 1852, by special decree

questions and discussions requesthouse, but the statue was saved by of the Government, the Louvre was ed. If every girl or woman will its endless wrappings of legal docgranted 615,300 francs for purmake charm her goal, she will find uments. chasing at the Marshal Soult's sale

her happiness. Life will be easier, "The Immaculate Conception,"by

more colorful, more intriguing. To Hundreds of years have come Murillo.

be charming for the sake of others, During the Second Empire, two to make life easier for those with hundred paintings of early Italian whom she moves, should inspire My Father's House schools came with the acquisition in 1862. the the Museum, to Campana reach any woman height of By Edith E. Anderson of Collection the splendid is came everlasting Then charm. charm And

—it will be necessary and useful T LOVE thy sacred solitude, Lacaze of two hundred sixtyfive

in the eternities.! Oh house of praise and prayer! pictures, presented to the museum

I the love fellowship, of warmth in for the daily then on this assignment museum 1 869. From Try

I walls share, thy Within continued valuable to acquire it formore month. one If it helps, use rest within blessed thy peace To

ever: Secure from taunting forms, works, both by purchase and donaonly of the port where salvaged wrecks tion, the end water until, when and The Use freely—inside

future storms. from Are safe out. 1 9th century approached, day.) (Bathe every it became

Exercise for stimulation and vi- I need thy holy ordinance more and more apparent that the tality. ( Unless you are ill. To make my spirit strong, old rooms were all too crowded.

Use a mouth deodorant. Brush Absolve into forgetfulness These conditions led to a remodelteeth at least twice daily. The pain of other's wrong, ing and enlarging with the result

mistakes magnify own my daintily that fraTo your in 1900 Louvre"Keep body was a "New lead to esteem And me (It reality. a grant. paintings like yourSchools of makes you charity, Savior's A loving

self.) His sacrifice supreme. were hung together, overcrowded

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

pictureswalls thinned down, were in I Present StatesCanada,have Mexico,all been andher home.the UnitedShe were May corners darkhidden

brought into easy light and vision. ki* C* Josephson attended the Salt Lake City public

Altogether it became to sight, as schools, L. D. S. High School, and

it was before in intrinsic value, (Continued from page 681 the University of Utah, receiving splendid"the most possible and attractive others in any in way, wide ainstitution.history scholarshipShe taughtat schoolthe lastat Europe."museum for independent genius experience,

School, Boxelder High High suffice painting single herself Nephi take total refusal effort, to may a One College, School, Gila in Thatcher, illustrateto masterof the seriously, a love of knowledge, power deep Arizona, University the of Utah, visitor in topiece to accepting the reserve certain a Louvre draw a and L. S. School. and the D. She High attention. his to hold statements. undividedand unproved has at graduate both done the work that herself out, for instance, the sheLet of him seek says Marba University the Uniof Utah and father"Infanta Margarita,"for her backby the eminamed was versity California. ofnent Spanish painter, Velasquez. wards and has been going that way

In her connection with the LionThis portrait is like no other porever since—a statement whose

trait. amusing quality lies more in its House Social Center, she has workwidely ed groups. among women's its in witty truth reversal of than silky hair the near Smooth down also given rehas Marba book letters. reversal of the on comment lightthe high seems parting—the views before organizations, many accomplishment, greatest Herto Lift change. the chain gold and attaining outstanding an reputafive is feels, in having had shelet light ripple the back. your Run tion field. in this particular The evaluation children. healthy Thisfingers gently in the locks among various and Farmer Utah Church is had sound. have undeniably To child's ear. solid the theby Clasp publications printed arhave her to five children; to havelittle chin, pull or the pink out ticles; I. both and and Sun- A. M. their adceasing never needs—inministered justbows, for right and them make day Schools her have used manof other dition the to phases many is court. at appearancean There uals. written has She and pubof highest proof the her life—is isactuality here, there besides and lished considerable selecof capacity, her power her poetry—someexquisite tonequality brushand of in which has the appeared Salt in tion, strong what, of sense herwork.

life, comes first. Here is a sugLake Tribune and one of which

And the remarkable thing about gestive, rather than comprehensive, was reprinted in an anthology of the Louvre is that there is a mastergrouping of her qualifications for magazine verse last year.

piece equally as wonderful, as enoutlines It task. her new is to married Marba JosNeweltrancing, satisfying, for as every background her ephson. in—brieflyinheritance, They Salt Lake of the year,day making the training, accomplishments. five City and have live children—fourLouvre a perennial hardy whose

girl. boys and one Lilian of daughter is the fragrant flowers freely are fARBA offeredamid the roses of smiling June or M< Hamlin and Abraham HoagThe biographical habit in magthe snows of chill December. land Cannon. Her father was a azine introductions finds no friend

member of the quorum of the in Mrs. Josephson. She prefers a

Twelve; her mother, a brilliant and little aura of mystery. And she

charming woman. She was born has it. Delve into her history as"A Land Choice i n Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, you will, probe into her personality,

death. father's after and her Her character, attainments—MarAbove all other ba is still a rather reached died mother before Marba

tery.Lands"adequate maturity. She is a grandamazing mys-

(Continued from page 679) daughter of George Q. Cannon Her greatest weakness lies in her

who, at the time of his death, was low selfappraisal. She has small

our public school expenditures for a member of the Church presiconfidence in herself and faces each 1930 totaled $2,184,847,200.00. dency and whose gift for language new responsibility with misgivings.

Crime is costing the United States was universally acknowledged. But she makes up for this by her

about six times as much as we are She is also a niece of Hugh J. Canabiding faith in God and in the

spending for education. Where non, former editor of the Era. Gospel of Jesus Christ and in her

are we going? Are we approachearnest conviction that no one is

ing a condition that threatens our called to any position of trust and civilization? Will we mend our responsibility, save the way is proways before it is too late? vided and the strength given. I

If we can inject more of Christ's love Marba Cannon Josephson and teachings into our business and I know that you will love her too.

into our daily lives and unselfishly apply some of the fine human energy and brain power that have done so much to develop our \\7"ORDS of freeborn, and not the natural stores to a more equitable gruff tyrants of prose to do distribution of nature's bounties, their bidding only. They have the

the United States may become the same right to dance and sing as the happiest and most cultured nation dewdrops have to sparkle and the on earth as well as the wealthiest. stars to shine. Abraham Coles.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

lost the colonies to regain tempted is the But month "Mayo"of May The Amazing during the in Napoleonic Spanish, Wars. wherever and you

Argentine the word in the Argentine itfindis to remind of the month when {Continued from page 675) MAY, 1810, was the month of the there declaration of independence, this became an independent nation.

the character and conduct of its and that is why you find throughThe great capital, in which live people wherever I have met them out the Argentine, streets and nearly a quarter of the people of worthy of commendation and thus plazas and buildings and even the Republic, is laid out on percompelling the conviction that their towns named after this month. It fectly flat land, the once marshy

doctrine must be a good one. has the same sacred significance to flats and shores of the mighty

On an American ship coming the ardently nationalistic ArgenPlata, or "silver,"river, which is down to the Argentine from New tinean as the geese which saved as a matter of fact even more safOrleans lately were three of these the Capitol to the ancient Romans. fron in hue than the Mississippi.

young men from Utah, on their way Thus in Buenos Aires is the Here, more than 300 miles from its to their mission somewhere in the splendid Plaza de Mayo and the mouth, the great Andeanborn interior of the country. They were worldfamed Avenida de Mayo river, second only in volume to the

quiet, wellmannered and engaging which leads out of it. You may Amazon, is so wide you cannot see

young men, as I have found these have thought these were named one shore from the other. The

representatives of the Mormon after some notable figure of Argenbanks are low and on either side

Church always are, and I have tine history, some early and rethe plain stretches off into the far known them everywhere from doubtable Celtic Mayo, some distance. The water is shallow a

Apia, Samoa, to Birmingham, Engworld-rover who had thrown in his long distance from shore and in the land, and I doubt not that in this lot with South American libertyearlier days, ere the present wonnew country, something like the seekers, like O'Higgins in Chile. derful dock system of Buenos

promised land in America to which

Brigham Young and his resolute followers attained, though far richer in natural resources, they will be an excellent influence and THIS MAN'S IDEA reflect credit on their Church.

Aires, the Buenos perhaps IS PROVING A BLESSING world's city most cosmopolitan today, is, of course, the outstanding of this Argentine. amazing wonder TO FOLKS WHO NEED four centuries Here, where ago

some adventurous Spanish sailors from a little Mediterranean town landed, formed a settlement and MONEY called it after the name of their home church, "City of Our Lady of the Good Airs,"is the eighth By P. H. GRAHAM HAVE NICE YEAR

ninth or city the of 'ROUND in EARNINGS world populace, in third the or fourth the is really area THISthis ismana truepersonally.story. II knowknow There nothing diffifolks helped. of has he many it cult this plan. covers, about Any rival with man hardly and a

of children with I widows know or spare with time some woman in for support to its the rapidity him thank who of development start immedimaking can money their incomes. of I know men the of ately. in degree and right your beauty Even own achieved lost jobs, who their are but

locality have can you money in short making than now so a time. more money

I sincerein every week. coming ever tell before. I can you

fill capital, ask out of ly to you Argentine and man though The live and better men women who don't obligate the coupon. You because of this the opportunity four ago, born years hundred came

risk yourself or any money. You gives their to man to add them into being really as a will details receive magnificent by complete incomes. literally Yes, of I know

have mail. an opportunity You of hundreds folks to worldcity whom this within threeless than

right to start and have away of man's idea doing business has quarters of early a century. In its in. the need coming money you been a Godsend.

give certainly will It to pay you vicisdays through it went many sit write your name and down YOU NEED DO MONEY?

it situdes. or postcard and penDy a Once was captured by Perhaps you, too, in of urgent money need are

- ltheoncecoupon tnis"mal1 "?,,a"trial.t0 him Betterat to bills. spare meet pressing have some You may Englishman an Beresford named

time will into you want turn cash. to want you Then with only to two write thousand men, this but once. at will be There man Epl I HI

on obligation will part. tell write about your and He jffl SLL..33j2 little Britain attempt made to hold no %fc.B3 KB-*, IBB SB SSS3 a wonderful plan for helping has he you.

it the and their Spaniards with President large milliondollar of a He manufacPresident MILLS 'turing ALBERT. company. every business does section He it. allies native regained In 1810 c - Ave.,, d. -..,Ohio.,Monmouth 84 of the locality. very your started some inHe

years it idea. agoCountry—inis It with "I'll this: was an said, its He declared independence, j. T have extra some spare need time and tohelp worthy people are of need in who money My obligation, tell.Cincinnati,. please money Wttbout me about rest gether with the of the proven Argenbusiness-building plans shall given to the be helping for your. ian D me

deserving too, so they, have can prospered. money."He tine, the great and general, San His business successful became most tremendously

following.. these practical plans. "Golden Martin, Rule"coliberator And with Simon

today growing. he Right now needs 300 Bolivar of South America from in all men andit is pants of the womenstill Country. He

Spanish despotism, saved it when needsbusinesssomeonethere. inTo youreveryonesectionwho toacceptshelp hishandleoffer thehe Address

upon the Spanish Restoration guarantees a fair, square deal and an amazing opporFerdinand VII would have attunitypleasant,to dignifiedmake as highmanner.as $42.50 in a week in this (This offer not good outside the II. S.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

Aires came into being, ships had why they are as modern and adesition in this regard, harassed by to he five or six miles out in the quate as any in the world. continued and increasingly perstream, and even lighters could not The British likewise own many sistent urgings from Australia and

come to dry land and men must of the cattle ranches, large properNew Zealand as to Argentine bear cargoes to and from them on ties in the capital including many rivalry in the chilled and frozen their backs. retail stores, two newspapers, sevmeat trade, demands in the name

One of the first requirements of eral clubs and much real estate. of empire unity that restrictions be

a modern city, then, a city which All of which is the best of reasons placed against South America and should presently be one of the why Britain cannot discriminate even appeals to sentiment, the greatest ports in the world, was a against the Argentine in favor of while the Argentine becomes more dock system. The British, who her Dominions in the matter of the and more a kind of economic unit

have done most of the economic meat trade or any other. A strainof the British Empire and, because

and commercial pioneering in the ing or a breaking of economic relaof empire interests there, imposArgentine and whose investments tions would mean the ruin of these sible to discriminate against.

there are enormous, planned and immense investments and disaster Americans in the Argentine have constructed the docks, a system of to thousands of Britishers. Thereto do largely with the various

canals and gates and basins like fore, England is in a perplexing poAmerican commercial interests those of London and Liverpool.

From them a long dredged channel brings overseas ships from the deep water of the "silver"river and constant dredging is necessary to keep it clear. Once among the miles and

miles of docks, the basins and the scores of ships of every sort from everywhere you begin to appreciate the monumental nature of this dockbuilding achievement.

There is room here now for ships up to 50,000 tons and all the facilities for working them that exist in London or New York. For

through these terminals is going every year half a million tons of chilled and frozen meat, to the

European markets chiefly, five times that amount of cereals, including lately wheat to the United

States, hundreds of thousands of tons of the quebracho log, which grows in the Argentine and Parafrom which and Chacosguayan extracted, mineralstannin is and Let our Service Men fruit, sugar, an increasing amount cotton,of wines and cattle byDO THESE 12 THINGS NOW wool.products and

1. Flush out the Radiator 8. [Drain, refill Differential

POURING the past year Argen- 2.3. TightenInspect theHoseFanConnectionsBelt 10.9. InstallSupply new,Pep 88safeGasolineAtlas

tine foreign trade has shown a 4. Change the Oil Filter Tires

marked increase and the country 5. Drain, refill Crankcase 11. Test and gauge Spark

looks to the future with confidence. 7.6. Flush,Test therefillBatteryTransmission 12. PlugsGive scientific Grease Job

Immigration, though averaging double emigration since the war, is All these items are important—for safe, ecorelatively small, and the Argentine nomical coldweather motoring. Drive in today.

waits for people from the wornout Ask for free copy of "Hunting Hints"lands of Europe, and even from depression-gripped America. There

are some 3000 Americans here already and more than 50,000 British. The interests of the latter

include everything. The British

built the fine and efficient Argentine railways on which you may in the country,go everywhere up UTAH OIL REFINING CO. SERVICE

to La Paz, in Bolivia, and even Hundreds of Service Stations and Dealers in Utah and Idaho down into Patagonia. They still Distributors of Atlas Tires, Batteries and Stanolind Products

own most of them and generally manage them, which is one reason

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

there, chiefly oil but also many attributes of any "culture"worth less than two cents a mile. Out to

other things. There is in Buenos the name. You note at once in the Cordoba Hills, of which the

Aires a branch of the National Buenos Aires the manner of accompanying photograph shows

City Bank of New York and also drivers, not only of private cars, a district, is one of the favorite hol- a branch of the First National but of taxicabs also. There is no iday jaunts of the people of the

Bank of Boston. This institution attempt to rush a crossing with capital. It can be very warm at

built some time ago one of the a second and a foot to spare. There times in Buenos Aires, though the

finest structures in the city, a is, on the other hand, a disposition hot periods come to an abrupt end

Spanish Renaissance block near to to wait for one another, to give the after four or five days when the the great avenues. It houses the other man preference, as you might wind changes from north to south

American Club of Buenos Aires, politely do in entering an elevator and breezes from the Antarctic the American Consulategeneral, or passing through swinging doors. banish the torrid airs from the

and many American business ofWhy should not the driver of an Brazilian jungles. Then the Corfices. automobile do that? He does in doba Hills and the lakes.which

Life in the capital is that of a Buenos Aires, and if he did in nestle among them as in the Enggreat Continental city. Buenos America the dreadful number of lish lake country call alluringly.

Aires has been called the "Paris accidents each year would at least The famous seaside resort of Mar of South America,"but Rio de be halved. del Plata, "By the Silver Sea,"on

Janeiro is a good deal more deservthe Atlantic coast seven hours from ing of that name in the connotaHpHESE are the things that conthe capital, is also thronged durtion generally intended when it is stitute real culture, more iming December, January and Febapplied to Western cities. Much, portant even than artistic architecruary and as gaily cosmopolitan as

too, has been written of Buenos ture or the largest operahouse in Ostend or Deauville.

Aires that is quite undeserved, at the world, which, incidentally, All the railways lead across the in least it possesses. are Aires Buenos They is today. the city as Few to great pampas you begin where

things the pleasant great capitals which better make it are policed, fertility appreciate the wonderful more orderly and bettermannered. to live in a place, and Buenos Aires of this richest of all soils in the

One notable thing about it is, that is truly enough a pleasant place to world, and the superb condition of in its marvelously rapid material live in. So is the rest of the councattle raised here. There are hunexpansion cultural values have by try. From the huge railway terdreds of thousands of sheep, too.

of the reach no any means been capital you lost sight of. The minals latter swine, the and on algrown

it far part of at comfortably European and empirebuilders, Spanfalfa thrives here in amazing which ish and Italian and French, Gerless than the average American abundance. Farreaching fields of

man and Scandinavian and Engfare. At the moment the Argencorn grow without irrigation, for

lish, brought here to South Amertine exchange, as perhaps I should nature provides ample moisture ica their cultural traditions and have mentioned before, is highly throughout most of the Argentine.

they have never disregarded them. favorable to Americans. They It is, indeed, the agriculturalist's

The result is that this wonderful find, therefore, that besides being promised land, this, for so produccity beside the Plata is a cosmoone of the pleasantest it is one of tive is the soil that they say, whimpolitan capital, not only of the the cheapest of all countries to live sically, that even a stone will culture that declares itself in beauin. The Argentine peso, comsprout something over night.

ty, in artistic values and in educamonly called "dollar"here because tion, but also in that even finer there was a time when it was worth Such a land can hardly fail to culture that is revealed in good as much, is now almost four to the beckon to the hardpressed millions manners, mutual consideration and American dollar, yet it has pretty of other countries, to the droughtharmonious living. nearly as much purchasing power ridden farmers of America and the

toilers Europe's upon wornout here, in respect to everything not not do hear You of gangsters It acres. would be mighty a boon it imported, as ever had. and holdups and unchecked lawif of these could some here come therefore ride firstYou may lessness in Aires, Buenos or anyto in settle the rich relatively and class for on Argentine railways else in where the Argentine. A in Argentine. untouched Nowhere

serious crime is a rare thing and the world is there more room and so are serious accidents. Though greater opportunity, especially in

the streets of Buenos Aires are Tiller of the Soil agriculture and stockraising. Aroften narrow though, and strangely

enough, is there never a traffic By M. Schaffer Connelly mandgentinebecausebeef willof alwaysits highbequality,in delight anywhere by day or by night, '"PHE poorest of the earth was he and Argentine cereals may be

yet there are not ten percent of "With rough toilreddened hands grown with just about fifty percent the accidents that occur in AmerBut oh; he had a heart of gold. of the labor and the uncertainty of

cities ican anywhere near Buenos lands farming of black Born cereal in production northern Aires'size. is this? far Sisyphuslike, followed on he So Why lands. satisfacif there is a And as I could gather during weeks the plow, behind my on And

tion in vast spaces the canunder there the is explanation in found the fertile to Coaxing seeds grow one word, consideration. That is Until at last, somehow opy of heaven and a glorious sense

to say, care is given to the rights His weary body slowed a bit of freedom in close contact with and the safety and the comfort of Then more and more, until the good earth, here in the amazothers, in this or in other regards, He lay asleep. I wonder if ing Argentine it is in fullest measand that is one of the greatest of Heaven has farms to till. ure.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

that ever the Polyheard are to of going without a big conclude dinner on Thanksgiving?"andSpeculations on nesianswe America from came

Polynesian Origin took the potato plant with them to "Just what I'd like to know,"the Pacific Islands. added Bob. "Things have come {Continued from page 674)

When the white man first landto a sorry pass around here if we nation is good for many problems, ed in Polynesia he was astounded have to go without a Thanksgiving it wiser notbut when there are as many simiby the existence of many Israelitish dinner."He thought

larities in culture as we have just customs and traditions. In New to mention for the present that he

seen, it seems difficult to explain Zealand, the ordinance of baptism had already invited a school friend all away by a separate developby immersion was administered by who was staying in town for the ment theory. The theory of difauthorized priests called Toholiday to have dinner with them.

fusion through human contacts is hungas. A form of temple Even James was shaken out of

much more satisfying. (Whare Wanaanga) existed, in his usual mildness enough to say,

The indigenist especially runs which only men were permitted. "If it's expense that is bothering

into difficulty when he gets into It received high reverence, and was you, Mother, we can always get the the biological field. This can best for the purpose of giving training means for this particular occasion."

be illustrated by a study of the pofor the priesthood. In Hawaii

tato. According to William E. there seemed to be a knowledge of

Safford in his article "The Potato Christ and of His coming. AH

of Romance and of Reality,"nothof these things are as we would ing was known of our cultivated expect if we accept the theory of potato before it was grown by the American origin for the PolyAranco Indians of Chile and the nesians.

for 1935Incas of Peru. potato sweet is The all in yet, evidence not The

If seen our you have all varieties, otherpreceded it and but not, have, from years their you know what seems we cardsvalues—Ifsurprised."of former will pleasantly be "yonits original has been proved logical home to the that Polyassume ready are now, They and

to be America. Now, besides this nesians are of the blood of Israel priced to PLEASE YOU

original home, the only other places and that they left the American See these beautiful cards at your earliest in the world where this sweet poshores at the time Hagoth built convenience. It pays to order EARLY.

tato has been found to be growing his many ships. From this concluSalt Lake Stamp Co.

natively are Hawaii, New Zealand, sion we can readily understand the 4S West Bdwy.—Was. 3097

Samoa, and Tahiti. If we are to answer to our questions: the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

believe that this potato developed Mormon Church is interested in separately in each place then we Polynesia, and the Polynesians are would expect it also in other parts responsive to Mormonism, both of the world; but since we find it because of a divine promise made

only in Polynesia and America, many years ago to a "chosen peoand since it originated in America, pie. GRAINS of COLD

literary nrnrii club Wholesome a civic improveand

HOLEWHEAT UlIilALSauce for a Ament group both her in. welcomed

Number of She found it thrilling to be able to A DELICIOUS DISH THE tell some of her own experiences of ENTIRE FAMILY WILLGanders the day at dinner time instead of ENJOY trade. for western Western made listening to what the others {Continued from page 671 merely will supply grocer Your local say. had to you.

gent requests that poured in upon Of course this new freedom for GRAINS OF GOLD CO.

her for money. Bob's suggestion the mother meant that the girls had Salt Lake

that he be allowed to accompany to take over a share of the housethe football team on a trip met work but in time they learned to with a mild but firm refusal and accept even this innovation as inJanice was finally convinced that evitable and to wash dishes withHOME there was a limit to the number of out a great deal of murmuring. of the

pairs of shoes that a college girl The family had adjusted commight reasonably be expected to paratively well to the new mode of Round Oak Range get along with. Elaine arrived at living until Thanksgiving day drew "America's Finest"

threw Edith near when a real pointthe she where would wear DEXTER WASHER their into midst anbya dress probombshell remodeled without too Green Stamps Give "S & H"that to We nouncing she not going was rebellionlonged evenand Kentually, if ungraciously, gave up cook a big dinner—in fact, she was

the idea of buying a new football. going to cook scarcely any dinner GRANITE all. that up, at dressed she was Now CO. FURNITUREEdith looking about "But, began Mother!"cried Kenneth, for some 1050 House E. 21st South, Sugar

place to go and found that it was "Thanksgiving is the main holiday PARK CITY MURRAY not at all difficult once she had of the whole year and the dinner is Out of the High Rent District made up her mind to venture forth. the main part of the day. Who

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

"Oh, no, it isn't the expense,"time from five to seven o'clock after enough to stay at home and enjoy replied his wife calmly. "It is just the game is over and you have done their results, she might just as well

that I get tired of staying home all the celebrating you seem to place them where they were apprecooking up a big meal every year think necessary. Besides that, ciated.

and having you all straggle in any Mrs. Gordon has asked me to help By noon the tables were all set

prepare the tables for the dinner and she was just resting for a few

BE INDEPENDENT theblindServiceof the Clubcity andis givingI feel tothattheI minutesBob saunteredbefore in.going"Ifhomeyou'rewhenall

No Other Vocation So Profitable! really can't refuse her."through, I can drive you up,"he

ENROLL NOW There seemed to be nothing more announced casually.

For a Complete Course at the to be said about the matter so no "I'd be delighted, my dear, of one said anything. course,"answered Edith, pleased

Quish School of Beauty Culture With the exception of James, at this unusual attention from the

The Best in the West who usually stayed rather close to son who ordinarily was interested 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. home on Thanksgiving day and only in motoring with a pretty girl.

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH every other holiday for that matOn arrival at her front door she

was greeted with the unmistakable For Further Information ter, each member of the family had "It dressing. and Catalog Call of odor sage probguilty rather conscience when 7560 Wasatch or a it ably door,"she next comes from dinner. to the came Thanksgiving Fill in This inside the thought stepped as she

It that of seldom any was them Coupon it hall. Within, pungent more was % "v.. at spent than hours more a few

home during the entire day. In than ever and she hurried to the

:he morning there had been parades dining room. There she stopped,

beset emotions such as she by had in town honor and receptions down felt in years. not table was The

its visiting of the supteam and beautifully set festive dinner, for a porters. Every one of the children,

to lovely centerpiece of a even deep for of a years now, number had roses. red it felt his to at the stadium duty be "It in just that time are seems we their o'clock as one mother by and ENGRAVINGS for dinner,"taksaid gayly, Bob drifted stated, they had had home ing her while wraps Kenneth drew

Salt Lake Engraving Co. anywhere from one to two hours back a chair for his mother with

It over. after the game was 158 Regent air the of satisfaction was much same Salt St.Lake City, UtahWas. 34TS recall entire to the famhard when if as for responsible he been had

ily to sat Thanksgiving had down affair. entire the two girls The

- dinner together and upon serious served a turkey dinner that made reflection they realized that their up in style and goodwill what it mother was at least partly justified might have lacked in expert cookin the attitude she had taken. ing. They had even persuaded

Wednesday afterthatJamesEdithto dohadthetriedcarving—ain vain taskfor

noon Edith roasted a couple of twentyfive years to accomplish.

chickens and announced that they At the end of the dinner Edith would be left in the refrigerator managed to say in an almost for sandwiches along with some natural voice. "It was perfectly

potato salad for anyone who cared lovely, girls, and now father and to stop in for a bite of lunch dur- I will have a nice quiet afternoon ing the day. She calmly suggested at home while you all go to the

to James that he might take her game."

out to dinner if he liked but James "Quiet afternoon, nothing!"anmerely grunted and stared at her swered Kenneth with his usual lack yes wideeyed and slightly openof elegance. "You and Dad are

Tliere is one mouthed. going to the game, too."

safe guide By nine o'clock on the morning Edith looked helplessly at James of Thanksgiving day Edith bade as if this last shock were really one to di; amond her family a cheery farewell and more than she could absorb in a

va ues departed for the Service Club single day.

1 Itisth ename rooms. She set tables on a scale "Yes, indeed, Mother,"he anare Mwww and with a vigor such as she had swered. "You and I have stayed the Pi neverular holidaydone beforeand triedfor tothispersuadeparticsteppingat home outlongrightenough.along withWe Jeweler,

II! Hill herself that she was thoroughly enrest of them."

B! [atched Engagemer it and joying the task. Down in her heart "It took us quite a long time to

that preget she she open,"our have said Janice, eyes would knew and Vedding Sets Ring UP d;ie ferred at finally being eating that to see "but and we've home come 11 tc i; costs no more from buy

is dinner family there but she reason one with her own no good why PAI IK BOYD if herself that kept reminding her person should heavies of the do all i Convenient Credit if Desired family didn't appreciate her efforts around this house."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

"Or miss all of the good times,"dears and had come through so them that she had been led to beadded Elaine. nobly but Ken put an end to her lieve that Indians still roamed the

"Or wear all the old clothes,"good intentions by pushing his hills of Wyoming; thatrootin'tootin'

finished their father significantly. chair back with a half regretful cowboys rode into the town every

Edith looked at them tremuSaturday night and shot everything lously. She would have liked to sigh and saying, "Well, come on, in sight; that the natives had horns.

say something very tender and gang. The kickoff is just thirty "Of course,"she added, "I didn't

very sentimental. They were such minutes away."believe all of it but I've been mighty

is a la Misthis chicken "SoThanksgiving Marguerite. asked CLASSES NEW

It's in fun. I just that said "Oh,Spelled with an

it I style. learned N souri?"really southe'n STARTING! NOW {Continued page 665) from to didn't Vi'ginia. in move We

was not there; she had had to work Missouri till about three yeahs

at the post office for an hour. The ago."

other girls didn't seem to be ex- "Then you're a Virginian?"It

pecting her. She explained about was an exclamation rather than a

the chicken. The girls were question. The girls were giving

bustling about making themselves each other knowing looks. It was

very much at home. Mary Kaye Mimi who broke the stillness this

put the chicken on the stove to time, "We thought you didn't talk keep it warm. like other people who had come

"Did you bake us a cake for from Missouri."today, Myrnaf asked Mimi. The GOG

three laughed heartily.

de- a chicken J.HE made "I not! should say so Anyone

hit. It the POSITIONS pronounced cided wasfastidious as bakingto want Graduates for Secured Positions of that had any them meat received Office Help Calls for 267 in will her to best cakespowder have

1 unbeen have since Jan. and we disled tasted. ever to a This

fill open. positions all her the able to baking!"do own

elk, antelope venison, cussion of for available places of select A tell to about wanted Kaye Mary room. for board and girls to worklist that had wild meats Kaye Mary salt allthe commercial time instead in she courses used had Complete

eaten. followed memThen subjects.of to never sugar; they but had gone on

for catalog: or phone Call, write ories of hunting parties—big else.something

Visitors Welcome felt the that game. Kaye Mary thinking, "I'm that Mimi, Miss

squirrel, or subject of possum, better careful veryyou'd be how frogs'legs never bear menwould HENAGER criticize art culinaryyou my Finally tioning. ventured, she forget to thedon't time went we College into Inever run any Business "Do

'you1the aspens."2753 45 E. Broadway Wm. dians?

"I'll I really good, be Myrna; Records World with Six School The this at set a howl such up They

I thatthink ever best the cake was tell that to on went Kaye Marytasted."

They laughed and laughed, h i ||—||—1|-|—II—I tl II I—|i—n,i| ni|—}|—

while Mary Kaye wondered what guilt rested upon Mimi's head. Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel

She kept a close vigil by the stove trying to make herself look as if she were needed there. She was glad when Marguerite arrived. She HOTEL

could busy herself taking up the chicken. She piled the lusciousbrown pieces on a platter. TEMPLE

"UMMMM!"It sounded like

a unanimous surprise. "That's the way we fix it back SQUARE

home,"said Mary Kaye, glad to 200 Rooms each with get a little attention. Tile Bath

"Well, whoever would have thought that you could cook!"came Rates

from Mimi. $1.50 to $4.00

"Raised on a fahm and not able Radio Connections for to cook?"Kaye. laughed Mary Every Room a persuch wondered She why

fectly blank expression came over ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

each of their faces. At last Mabel Opposite Great Mormon Temple

said weakly, "We thought you had come from the city."-it-—U—li——II-—II—11—II II II II tlmmmH II II—II r

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

careful not to step out by myself "Well, to be perfectly frank, 1 about? What makes you think

at night"was a little disappointed after a we're snooty?"demanded Mar-

"What an opportunity we've while. I began to wish something guerite.

missed, girls,"wailed Mimi, "What would happen!""Well, what about that time you

an opportunity!"Just then they heard a wild passed the teacherage and stuck

whoop outside, and all of them your noses up in the air and began jumped. It was only one of the to talk like me?"

foreigners who happened to have Embarrassed looks passed

Erect a memorial for a little too much celebration; but around, then Mimi volunteered,

loved your one who everyone thought for the instant "Well, as long as this seems to be gone before has

World's97 to $350. Marble Beet Genuine and that Mary Kaye was getting her a truth session, we might as well Memorials,Granite Markers, Tombstones. Freight

paid anywhere. Erected complete in cemetery if wish. In the excitement Mabel confess that we thought your talk

desired. guaranteed. 35% savings Do NOT pay

satisfaction assuredmore elsewhere. Complete by turned over her glass of water. It was all put on, just affected. And

ofour Guarantee. for Write Bond Amerstraight into TODAY went all Mary Kaye's swell clothes, with your we

ica's beautiful Catalog, most while Monument you lap. Merwin,"Mabel Miss "Oh, a Ithave your mind. give us thought wouldn't it on you is FREE.

UNITED STATES MARBLE & GRANITE CO. cried, "that beautiful dress! It look, so, I suppose that was justDept. B 51, FLORIDA ONECO.

must have cost a fortune."our way of getting even."

"Oh, don't worry about that. Myrna thought she would neatly

It was old before Aunt Helen dissettle the argument by waving a carded it and mothah made it ovah drumstick and calling out, "Here's

treacherous in spots now."and Wyoming!"FULLR for me. See, it's getting a little to the United States of Missouri that this reto see She was glad

lieved the others but Mabel; seemPAINTS not was KAYE MARY to to ed be laugh wanting at stake sure that issue the and so was last

it. trying to hide they makWere still it geographical. her was To

ing fun of her again? Just when she strictly alphabetical. Would they

thought she was getting along fine! ask her to be an M? They had

Finally out, burst "Don't Myrna chicken; liked her did but they like

alus, The Trend is mind we've but you know fast; flying the her? was Time

ways admired your clothes so dinner was over; she must prove to QUALITY much, and, well, we just thought herself. The wish bone gave her

you always looked like a million an idea.

shab- a means buying Shoddy friends her enFinding western."so after what you just less a than job in paint by tirely ignorant of the secret said—dollars; powers

time. year's

right that called forth the can be by satisfaction. years of breast respects paid proper the Good paint means colate—ha,"I believe ha,I'm ha—millionbeginning todollahperand

Now the trend is to quality handme-downs!"Mary Kaye bone of any fowl, she gave implicit

.. demand FULLER PAINT. joined in the big laugh, "Say, just instructions concerning the observwhat did you think I was, anyance of this ceremony. It was she,

See Your FULLER way?"herself, who came out with the

"Snooty!"longest southsaid Mimi with a held piece. She no Paint Dealer for

little giggle. funny supersitions, ern but never she had

PAINT WALLPAPER "Snooty? Who? Me? Don't made a stronger plea to this piece

of bone. rule a up Then, making if funny, fingah I'd put on my GLASS - - ROOFING be that her gets the one wish it who the this in snooty ones bunch

W. P. FULLER & CO. wouldtouchinglandmyself!"on fouh girls without upmustherwashsleeves,thediveddishes,intoshethe rolleddishSalt Lake City "Who? Us? Heavens to Betsy, water, and kept the rest of them Ogden, Utah

what have we got to be snooty busy at the end of drying dish towels.

It was a question whether it was

INSURED SAVINGS arther inpleathe todishthepan;wishbutbonesoonorMimiher NOW....

FOR DESERET FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ittouchedor not,hershe'sarm real!"saying,and"BelieveMarASSOCIATION MEMBERSThe safety of your investment in this old, reliable Association guerite followed with the mental OFFICERS AND

is fully insured the Federal up to $5000 by DIRECTORS & Loan observation—"Mary Kaye—Mary Corporation, Insurance Washington, D. C Savings begins with the L. Morris, safeguards surround—say girls, her name Nephi which your savings invested Among

in this addition in to President Association these are insurance Isn't fine? that im- M. Now we'll be features: Kjar, portant Joseph E. Five 1. Federal M's\"regulation. supervision The and Secretary

2. repurchase provisions. share Sound

Christenson, Joseph 3. timetested this lending Associaunder The methods which VicePresident tion operates, in direct conservative, reduction cash making

Henry T. McEwan, first mortgage loans on real estate, mainly homes.

Treasurer Write or call for free booklet THANKSGIVING DAY is only our annual time for saying Deseret Federal Savings Loan Association & at grace the table of eternal goodSalt Society) Lake City (Formerly Deseret Building 44 South Main ness. James M. Ludlow, D.D.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

ually gave way to a great dreami-A Silver Girdle ness. (Continued from page 677) "Tom, don't you feel concerned Be Your Own

to have Eileen riding about alone Greetings over, in this wooded maze?"asked MUSIC

Dadai dished up the beans and Dadai, late the next afternoon.goulash as Eileen passed the plates; "No, Dadai. It's no longer a TeacherLEARN AT HOME

they all sat around with one on maze to her. She's sensing the to play by note, Piano,

their laps; the table had not yet feel of the contour remarkably Banjo,Violin, HawaiianUkulele, Guitar,Tenor 1

[been built. well."phone,Piano Accordion,Clarinet or Saxoany "I'm on my way over to Rain- "But, dear, we seem so utterly other instrument. Wonderbow, to meet Baring. He guards apart from everything human. I fulple improvedas A B C.method.No "numSim-

bers"or trick music. only cents averages Cost few a day. the her,this out alone."being keeps watershed about on and worry

Over students.

life It's with for fire. great She's alone. a notlookout "She's for Booltlet Free Write today FPPP700,000 ROOK*L9\JKJI\. Lesson Demonstration and Free rlU3 feller like probetter him. mare's Nitana. fer a The young That

favorite Tell detail. in this your explaining what method

to them tection mightyGovmint's good than most humans—she's

S. A."got horsesense,"that works fer the U. Tom casually instrumentU, S. SCHOOLis andof MUSIC.write name18811 andBru nswickaddressBldg.,plainly.New York C t

"Just what are the opportunities observed with a sideward glance at in the Forestry Service?"asked his wife as he pounded another nail

Dadai. into the pine table.

"Wood chem'stry, prevent'n the "Meaning what?"huffied she.spread o'disease 'n blight. Can- "Oh, my dear! No allusions. M.I.A.

yon nurs'ries, eggsec'tive jobs. My mind's as free from guile as

Much more'n yu'd think. Baring's this furniture. How's that for

got a good chance. He's a stoodent style?"He plumbed the table.o'for'stry over at the Col'rado "For camp style, it's perfect. It W

Aggies. He's doin'his field work trims the trees."Oup here 'fore he goes back t'"Meaning what?"he puzzled.

gradgeate school at Yale. Baring "The table's appropriate for the

won a scholarship, he did."setting."

Eileen dropped the salt shaker. "Dadai! That lets you out as a "What's the matter with that tenderfoot. You'll be a camper, RK

girl?"thought Tom. yet.""He might know forestry—he "No, I won't, Tom; I'll never Edoesn't know English,"snapped make a camper!"Her mood

Eileen. changed like wind on water. "What do you know about "When we lie down to sleep at R

him?"exclaimed Tom. "I was just night I feel as if I'm cloistered in agoing to ask Morley when we solitary world. I've never known S

might meet Baring."such aloneness. The soughing of For years we have been turnlike pines is in the a long wind him, the "I don't about much know - getting

I tragic of ing out attention the rending heartbut moan about some more do know things than he does."the forest. And there's no one to printing matter for ward and

"Eileen,"protested her mother, ease its suffering."stake shows and dances. We

"what about a little explanation?""Oh my darling, do you really can offer valuable suggestions

"There isn't anything to explain, feel that way? Is that what I've on how to advertise to draw

knelt brought to?"on Eileen you mind."Mother. Never Tom the crowds with the least posstool. her beside for the ground refrigerator over Takto thewalked

some more milk. ing her hands in his, he looked sible outlay. Too, the right

"You'll shore like that boy, searchingly into her face. kind of dance program will

Tom. It'll be a pleasure t'be in "That's why I'm afraid for add much to the atmosphere

the same forest with him."Eileen when she rides off by heryou are trying to create for a

valley ravine looks and Every on, got to self. you've Jim; "Come

in social. Call or write for sugto blind ally me; like a they run for dishes thesewipe me,"ordered

Eileen, as she rattled the plates and such random directions."gestions.

there's nothing to fear into "Honey,cups a dishpan she had MAIL ORDERS GIVEN for of the spirit senses one whoplumped on a stool. down PROMPT, CAREFUL As the shadows deepened, the the forest. You're right; it has got

air was crisp and cold. The brittle a great heart, but it throbs in ATTENTION

stars glittered as they hung like unison with its lover's own. Here,

ornaments on the primeval pines in the High Uintas, there's almost that stood around them in silence, no wild life of any kind. Even THE Deseret

reaching into the heavens. Everywith this wonderful forage, the barbody bundled up in sweaters and riers are so high and the summer

is that only so short sat veryblankets, season a a crackaround and Press deer, sheep,ling pine blaze while and JNews few mountain Dave and Tom Salt Lake City 29 Richards Street, find here. their stories cougar of up the range andswapped way

the woods. Eileen's mood gradAnd, you know, dear, that all wild "Pioneer Printers of the West?'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935

animals remain under cover unless Lodge is opened. There'll be ever ravines and peaks will."straighten forced into the open. A few so many people coming in here for you out like a dose of—

stunted chippies and these camp- a week or two at a time. And "Tom, is that nice?"Dadai inrobber birds are your only comthat's where we'll get a lot of our tercepted his pass.

pany."patronage. Many of the lodgers "No, honey, but I've got to clear

"You certainly said it! There is will want us to take them over to your mind of all doubts and fears."

no company. I never dreamed the Granddaddies for fishing.""I'm for the top of Baldy, then,

we'd be so utterly alone. I miss "Where are the Granddaddies?"if you have to carry me."

Florella; she was like a mother to "Twelve miles over. The Big "You can look out over all creme over at Timber Toes."Granddaddy cups the cirque at the ation from up there. There are

"We won't be alone when the base of a high ridge in the south hundreds of lakes in sight. Away

rim. It's only one of many beauto the west, you see two great

tiful lakes in that basin. When gorges in the Wasatch Mountains,

will you let me take you into the carved by the Provo and the forest, dearest? If you once get Weber Rivers. They rise within

the layout of these mountains, a stone's throw of each other at they won't depress you any more,"Baldy's foot, but they spread far he said tenderly. apart in finding their way to Great

Salt Lake. The gorge of the Bear

J\ LITTLE quivering is off to the north; it flows into the

(JrjriBtmns (frcd'mgs 1935 Iljriafmas Greetings1935- shudder crept over Dadai. "Oh Salt Lake, too. Then, when you

Winifred Welts Robert Jicyburn Tom, if I just could turn woodsturn, and look to the east, you see through cuts the Duchesne where man."

printed of on these YOUR NAME of the Uintas. time, darling. Fork North "It takes You've The ATTRACTIVE CHRISTMAS CARDSeither &*4g

FINE QUALITYPLEASING COLORS jU lctf A nir rises in Lake, Mirror in resting butterfly the Duchesne the lap a been k|ywJY10NEY{JWBefmSIZE i35FOR$!.oewiTH envelopes

e.T.NELSON I20 WALL ST, N.Y. C, of luxury for a long time. But but it finds its way to the sea

you've been wonderful out here; through the Green and the ColoThe Utah High I'm"Itprouddoesn'tof you!"seem hard for Eileen radothis sideRivers.of BaldyAllfeedthethewatersPacific."on

School of Beauty and Jimmie.""That little trickle, meandering

It doesn't of Lake! Mirror spent out Eileen forget that "You Culture ever to the get look if it could as Andre summers at Camp MAIN STREET several 121 SOUTH

2nd Floor in New York learning these tricks ocean."

that a profession would yon Learn make life. rest of your for the independent i while you were in Europe. And "You'd be surprised how soon

Write for Catalog. Jim's just a kid. Youngsters can that trickle becomes a river. Just

Mail This Coupon take to anything. Besides, I've had over there, about five miles from

them both out West with me a here, it is a swift stream, flowing

Name couple of times before this."through a deep impassable gorge."2

Address Dadai sighed. "It is these sudden changes and

that places me. haunt impassable sweetheart?""Discouraged Tom City—Eileen "I'll home."were I wish his hand. her chin with

provide board to lifted and can room We far. I've "Surely, tell she won't go of Princess students out be town Withyou—you RedGold-InYour-Hair! And I? cautioned her about wearing her

I'll be heap big chief Strongheart! courage on her sleeve."

How's that?"he challenged as he "Caution isn't in her language,

kissed her. Tom. That girl knows no fear!"

"I'll try, Tom. I'll do my best. "She isn't afraid because she unHEADQUARTERSNEWFOR If it weren't for these beastly mosderstands Nature's signs. She inLATTER-DAY SAINTS quitoes. You forgot to mention terprets the small landmarks in reGARMENTS them when you were speaking of lation to the large."

FROM FACTORY TO YOU the wild life around here. Just "I suppose Nature is an open

Solicit Orders Mail Your We Lt. Ladies'look at my skin!"book to you and her."and Men's Wt. No. 88.

Style New $.65 "I'll burn sweetgrass for in- "Hardly. I've been teaching Med. Wt. Men's and Ladies'No. 89.

the 1.10 lay Style of the and Jim New that'll Skin Eileen away. keep them

80. 1.35 cense; No. Double Men's Wt. Back Heavy time. step next at a Uintas a Our 81. beautiful Old Style Double skin, you're No. Heavy Wt. or no more

Back little pinnacle, Agassiz, 85. more a nice Very No. GarNon-Run "Ridiculous one."to Guaranteed ments Not Special——high. feet thirteen than thousand Special 1.10 Rayon Run ridiculous doesn't being "Well, 84. Lt. No. Men's Med. LaWt. and the from look out over range If we

dies'Style, Double CombNew horses. Let's for the get shoes line the in the point that high on ed Yarn, Extra Fine 85 buy

Specify when ordering, your bust, trunk this outdoor cupboard done, and north..."

length, whether and new if ladies'. or men's Weor oldPaystyle,Postageand then for another riding lesson.""Tom! That's where Eileen's

Anywhere in the United States. "I'm too stiff from yesterday's gone. I heard her tell Slim, just

workout."the before from back came you LEWIS MOSE to that going "Another little canter will help she was CCC camp, ST. 14 SO. MAIN

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH to limber you up. I want to get take the short cut over to the high

Please mention seeing this Ad in this you on top of Baldy. A bird's eye line."Magazine

view of these woods and lakes, "Oh no, Dadai! She isn't ready

7F6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

for the short cut, alone. I've only "Go into the tent, darling! I The rain tore down in volleys.

had her over it once. Even Eileen must see to the horses,"shouted And then it suddenly ceased. But

could become confused and never Tom, trying to be heard above the as Dadai looked off in the direction find the trail. You must be misuproar of the storm. "Where's of Agassiz she saw the mountain

taken, dear."Jim?"veiled in nebulous white. It was

"No, Tom. I heard her say she Tom raced over to the horses. snowing up there. Agassiz's sumwas going4 to try Agassiz's fourth They had backed against the wind, mit was no longer naked, sharp,

rib. It hasn't a stitch of verdure but their manes and tails were beatand piercing, but diaphanously

on it,'she said. 'But I'll not scale ing wildly in the rushing air like softened through sifting flakes.

the summit without Dad.'Of weird brooms of the devil. "Father in Heaven—Eileen!"she

course I thought she had your per- "Jimmie! Jimmie!"called Dasupplicated.

mission."dai. She threw on a coat and ran "Mama! Daddy!"shrieked Jim.

"Permission, nothing! It's much out to fetch her boy, as she re- "Where are you!"called Dadai.

farther away than the child realmembered he was milking. Her concern for Jimmie had been

izes."Tom's anxiety was plain to Peals of thunder crashed from momentarily lost in her consuming

Dadai. jagged clouds, split by lightning. anxiety for Eileen.

"Oh Tom, I'd rather have gone clerking in New York than to go it!"I can't out here. standmad THE WORLD IS THE "Y"CAMPUS find "Listen, Dadai! yourYou

self something to do. You said ilium wii"|Mi|fllM#"'"—* \

you'd plant a row of radishes and carrots in our experimental garden.

Just as soon as I've seen the men

I'm expecting from the hatchery

I'll start out to meet her."

"Go now! Slim can talk to the

men.""No. It's my first job, and it's

a big one. They want an outfit for

several days to go down to a little known basin south of here. Nine

chances to ten Eileen's all right.

But I will start as soon as I can."

Tom looked anxiously at Agassiz. Unhampered by state or national boundaries, the parent Church School is ready to so

Courses. Extension You may obtain a liberal education

Catalogues. Visual EducationClouds had been gathering for whereverat home. theWriteChurchfor Extensiongoes—withand

some time behind the mountain.

Tom's attention was called to some work that Slim and Squint were doing about the corral.

As the day grew late, Jimmie asked his mother to help him get PROVO, UTAH the pails for the milking. He had

learned quickly to fill them with the foaming fluid and he was as proud as the frog that went a-wooing.

Dadai started supper. All at once, THIS LABELas though a great black hand had SK FOR

smitten the earth with a hideous tiM IN THE NECKof EVERYshadow, the golden light of the slanting sun was ominously darkAPPROVED GARMENT ened.

Looking up, she saw enormous mounds of leaden clouds piling into the sky from behind the broken peaks and ridges on the north.

Suddenly, the wind whistled through her clothing. The air

changed abruptly. It grew damp INJURES QUAliTY;and cold. Great drops of water

feet. splashed grass at on the her

, FiNE WORKMANSHiP fragrance forbalsamy of theThe est retreated the moist from odor. AND A PERFECT FIT. rain. earth of dusty wet by the

The tall pines swayed; their

branches tossed; little chippies Sold by Your Local Merchants.

scurried for shelter; Dadai shivManufactured by OgdenUtah Knitting Company. Ogden, Utah.

ered.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1935

She rushed over to meet her suddenly recalled to the steepness child. There he came, gouging his of her way. The undulations were

eyes with his fists, trying to shove very rough and irregular. Then

back the tears. He was spattered the trees became sparse, and here

DESERET MORTUARY with white, himself, but not with Nitana had to step warily over a the bucket,"kicked rocks. white of shattered "Bammie band A Service Above AH snow.

rising break. as if his crossfold he said heart would deflected her from

"I fell off the stool. I'm all covered her forward direction.

with milk."He choked on a big "I remember this,"said Eileen

sob. aloud. "And you, Nitana, do you

As Dadai took Jimmie into the see that fallen timber? Take your

tent, Tom galloped up on Onesta, time to pick your way through that.

his buckskin thoroughbred. "Keep As we come out of the thicket

the men from the hatchery here, we'll hit the trail. I know we will."

Dadai. I'm going out for Eileen!"It never dawned on her that she

could be causing any anxiety to

JVlANY hours earlier, her parents.

Eileen had picked her way through the forest exulting in the freedom J\S she expected, she

Three New Packs of of the woods. She rode Indian found the trail. She followed the

fashion, gripping Nitana's shoulblaze, an unmistakable gash in the ders with her knees, and letting trunks of the trees every sixty feet Glades her body ease freely into the or so. Soon it skirted the timber

(Chocolates horse'sWhatmotion.I don't know, Nitana line.flank Thenof Agassiz,she struckrisingthe firstabruptlysteep

Miss Jacqueline does, she thought, retracing the from the uppermost fringe of pines.

Diplomacy short cut which her father had Dismounting, she hobbled Nitana showed her from camp to the highand ran forward. As she measured

Symphony line running to the east. I must the height of the mountain with

TRY THEM learn my way about if I'm going her eye, she ran back and tethered

THE USUAL FINE QUALITY to be a real help to Dad. her horse with a long rope she alfirst gentians were opening ways carried. "If I can just climb GLADE CANDY CO. The

SALT LAKE their blue campanulas to the sky. this first flank, I'll get an idea of

Star flowers were shooting upward. the range from here. I can't see

Along the banks of dimpling through the forest. I want to see

streams stalks of tiny white orover it—my wooded paradise!"

chids starred the deep grass. In The altitude stimulated her to

the shadow of the trees spring quick rapid climbing, although the

You'll Be Proud beauty and dog tooth violets were mountain was frightfully steep and poking their heads through the last difficult. She pulled herself over

snows. giant boulders and up vertical

of the Enlargements Eileen looked with delight at steps. When she stopped for

We make tor You thesescent firstof flowers.the pines;She lodgepole,sniffed the breaththroat, herso rapidheart wassurgedits pounding.up in her

We specialize in enlarging. Each big "jack,"and white. Her thoughts However, she struggled upward for

print we turn out is really a work of went back to her life in New York a long time, never realizing how art—especially those in the Etchcraft as she rode on in this allpervading the time was passing.

style, with plate sunk borders and extra... the her over She picked dances way green. Wayne

margins. wide

alstrata of until regret, parties. angle the upturned There was...no

of enlargein see samples and Come for others. You'll though Wayne was ever in her ascent suddenly increased from ments we've made

want some just like them—from your mind. No mail was delivered at fortyfive to nearly eighty degrees.

own favorite negatives. Mirror Lake until the Lodge openEileen stood upon a narrow shelvTRY THIS NEW FILM ed. But Slim had been down to ing fock. She was far from the

KODAK PANATOMIC FILM—with its the Kamas post office to get the top, but she had a magnificent view

of almost atomic grain livfineness—gives mail; as she looked however, out the over Reynolds there was

that negatives enlarge exceptionally you. forest inggreen of the no letter from and waves Wayne. well. a roll. Try

It will come, thought Eileen. the serrated rows of hills. She

EASTMAN ThatWayne iswon't... itforget.shouldHe come;might couldthe mountainsee a chainfloor oflikelakesa girdlelinkingof

renege. She denied the doubt. irregular silver coins. Rainbow;

Brent, she thought of him so, she thought. You're nestled right

wouldn't renounce his sweetheart in the heart of these high mounif she went to China. But he isn't tains. She smiled radiantly. Pushquite nice... female... if his ing upward again, she was oblivinc. eyes are true... those gray..."ious to the lowering storm. STORES Nitana jostled her leg against Suddenly, with no warning

155 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah = the trunk of a tree in clearing a whatever, the breeze, everpresent boulder. Eileen's thoughts were on all high mountains, whipped

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1935 into a strong wind. The heavy Alias Bulldog Drummond {Gaumond. The flight of a band of jewel

clouds that had been forming back montBritish ) Melodrama: Cast thieves down a circular staircase,

of the mountain rolled into the Jack Hulbert, Fay Wray, Claude Hulthrough the London subway and the in British their capture, ends Museum Agassiz'ssky over thrills of the perilafter farcical burlesque laughs. and Well many peak—Eileen bert.A in the downpour. caughtwas esdirected, photographed, and hairbreadth ous adventures acted. and

The thunder crashed above her capes of a wouldbe Bulldog DrumFamily.

head; the lightning sizzled as it

snapped. The rain stung her face

like hissing pelts. It beat her. It

turned to hail—frozen bullets fromthe sky—and then snow, so thick

she was blinded.

She began to feel her way down the rocks. But they were wet and

slippery. Through the whiteness ALSO CASH

theof snow (as feySOOO.00ilate as Books the gloom of the day's PAID for WeOld

or basement, trunks light may1927)be nowworthgatheringa fortunedusttoinyouyourI attic,last penetrated.

$25—BRING LETTERS OLD MAY SINGLE HOME YOUR BOOK cold. with She Eileen will pay was numb CASH. IN We $50—$100—$500 MORE ORIN

old school certain for dollars of thousands and hundreds MAGAZINES footing. sure of her no longerwas poetry, bibles, magastory books, books, travel books,

I zines, BOOK ONE and MAY shall do?"What What

$5,000.00 CASH! We AS AS oldMUCHnewspapers. lettersYOU shall I NEWSPAPERS BRING in voice rose a hystericaldo?"her collectors for of books old thousands buy want to

like look that books libraries. Old and Islant. go mustn't no! "Oh worth be cents few worth may only a dollars!S50—$100they are of thousands $500 or even each, I this ridge! there. I came up

must go down the same way."Her Your Books May Be Worth

progress was painfully slow. As

Now!the snow thickened she hesitated a Fortune. Investigate Send 10 Cents

more.more and or (stamps PROOF:aay books bay we big coin) for Everyand pay on! big to oldprices casn your Keep "Go

all describing over country. Seople on—go theZanesville, if books pld said, urging as somehead!"she listmany acknowbring high that

I I yoursent gladthe felt else. amfor giddy.one She She prices. cash promptfairto Ohio,writes,"ThisledgesbooktonessI. E.K.NORMS,testify and checkyou.yourdealing."tells about with the her forehead backbrushed appraisal AlsoFREE

at once. instructions.instructions. shipping ActAct staggered and serviceof her hand. and She

lost her balance. Stumbling she Send 10c for price list of old books we want to buy!

RP42 Chicago, III. fell and wrenched her ankle. StunAMERICAN BOOK MART, 140 S. Dearborn St., Dept.

ned by the sickening pain, as the snowy flakes spun around her head, she sank to the ground in a dizzy faint. INSURE

( To be Continued ) Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

t$ and INSUREShadows (Continued from page 694) Your animals while in transit to market.

the old homestead to go to New York Let us quote you rates.

to broadcast. A refreshing musical

that the whole family willcomedy HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANYenjoy. Family.

Redheads On Parade [Fox): 20 So. Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Cast: John Boles, Dixie Lee, Jack

Haley, Raymond Walburn, Alan Dinehart.

Flimsiness of plot is overlooked in this swiftmoving comedy, which has as its motif supremacy of Redheads over the reigning Platinum Blondes.

Tuneful melodies, clever dance routines and Herman Bing, in an apoplectic mood, provide fun for the family.

Hot Tip (RKQRadio) Cast:

Zazu Pitts, James Gleason, Margaret

Callahan, Russell Gleason.

An hilarious farce in which Zazu

Pitts and Jimmy Gleason as husband and wife make good sparring partners.

The story is inconsistent and improbable with little plot but lots of fun.

Mature. mmYOUR PAGE The Cover This Month wrapper had kept the dew from silvering the rosepetals—

bells faint breeze. in canterberry the the held mute

this cover month photograph is of "A Pilgrim on the bit all flower's claim can't but honest charm an a even THE norWe to the of Plymouth presented by the town Maiden,"is I glutted restful color to with thank and of sage eye an

National Society of New England Women on September 4, heaven every morning for its glorious, unfilled space.

Kitson, Lee, Mass. 1924. sculptor The Henry was The is likely there will "If everything there a wrapped be

is Publishers'copyrighted taken photograph and by was living this in virtuous spurs thought to cellophane. me Howhell

Priscilla standing It is lovely Service, York. a Photo New I, too, that packaged."not one be day may

trees. England among her New I the Elizabeth other P. S. Bergner saw night—was

relieved to find she wasn't wrapped in cellophane."

"Stamp Collectors, Ahoy!"THIS letter about cellophane reminds us of the story about

of father spent suspense ship the anguished a night that heard as as the good such greeting who had be may SOME firstborn. the awaiting to see his held nurse the Islands, Philatelist, cruise the When Sea a of South now on

appears upon the bounding main and is greeted by other squirming bit of humanity before him for his inspection, he ships. The ship is sailing under the colors of the Pacific exclaimed, "What, no cellophane?"

Navigation Line, Inc., and will touch at many islands on its / A /

from is arranging to mail mile 15,000 voyage. company The

Is Challenge Pronto That Accepted illustrated from beautiful ship covers the cacheted ten and

Idaho, 3, 1935. Oct. Heyburn, the different to ten ports has enroute made anybody who

everything done In arrangements. order to have proper

I for this reading month, Era The Improvement Richard stampcollector procedure, best the in DearWHILEEditor: with accordance

S. Allen. the challenge read John made (See Ocby "Christ journalist author of is the Hardie, Albert popular who

I his challenge, accept number, page 625.) hereby this issue in magazine, and of the John tober Stamps"on Postage

Coulthard, noted cachet artist, will be on board ship. providing arrangements can be made.

I have five sons and one stepson who have all made from one to three letters each in high school; two have played

South Africa Speaks junior college basketball.

sons'ages 17 between they from range and weigh to 24 My the receive are and find happy to always Era that it 145 175 pounds. and

missionary WEis work."to great assistance our of us in City, that I suggest Salt in the Utah, played Lake be game

LeGtand P. Backman, Mission President, South African on approximately Lincoln's Birthday, February 12. What

Mission. kind of arrangements can be made regarding expense. Please

* <t t let me know more about it.

The Strength of Service Sincerely, W. P. Croft.

interest are in athletics see the glad manifest to and the folCity, sent us York SUMMERHAYS, New t>EN fine families of sons, whatever hear of such but are WEto in There a letter. thought some time *-'lowing ago

of to deterbasketball are game made for the will championship to several interpretations—choose your own: minearrangementsa family have be made privately

"The strong serve God with great ability or through some other agency than The Improvement Era.

Through faith, repentance, and humility.

The weak serve Him with deft sagacity

In an advisory capacity."Mismatched—?

ELDER B. DWAINE MADSEN is six feet four, his

Tacoma Poetcrafters but MadsenCompanion,says ElderHarrisChesterhas the G.energyHarris,to makeis fiveupfeetfor four,lack

APPRECIATE your interest in "The Tacoma Poetof size. Elder Harris, by the way, is a Catawba Indian, son

I crafters,"writes Mrs. Queena Davison Miller, of Tacoma, of former chief David A. Harris, who reigned over his tribe

Washington. "We have been organized for one year and for fortytwo years in Rock Hill, Carolina. Samuel T. Blue,

are trying to make the name mean something. We hope Elder Harris's uncle, is now the chief. The tribe is composed

to create a group that will give the Northwest a place in the of approximately two hundred Indians nearly all of whom sun, as we feel that in a literary way it has been practically are members of the Mormon Church—about 97 per cent,

untouched."according t o

The letterhead of the Poetcrafters bears nine names. No Elder Madsen.

one can ever tell how important such a literary group may be "For the past to the literature of America. two weeks,"

Elder Madsen continues, "EldWhat, No Cellophane? er Harris and I

that vanity personal reason deeper than 'Wrapsome have been FOR up,"preaching article in in Cellophane'burned the ped the July Era me wrote a lady who is a very good friend of the magazine, but gospel to anwho asked us not to reveal her name—not because she did other tribe of

not wish to own her letter, but for other and, we considered, Indians in the good reasons. "There were certain truths in it, yes—up to lower part of a certain point I was all for it—then, suddenly, I saw red. North Carolina. I could not ignore the cheapness of the implication that They have

women were in the Grabeteria along with bacon and chewing treated us quite gum. Worse still, a contemplation of that "perpetual cellohospitably and

phane glamor"set my head reeling and an alarming nausea seem interested crept upon me. In a day when over standardization stilts in the Book of

all expression and over stimulation dulls our perceptions of Mormon."

subtle beauty, that anyone should suggest seriously that

CHESTER the world might be made

G. HARRIS. sort wear the same B. of lacquer—thatpleasanter ifwasall toothe much.women should SHORT:LONG: DWAINE

"This morning I walked in my garden. No cellophane MADSEN.

The Deseret News NE WSPAPER

Clean—Prompt—Dependable

News Service presented in the proper manner, SAFE reading for every family member.

The Deseret News is a COMPLETE

Newspaper, containing the Finest Features

Available in addition to many daily articles by worldfamous writers FLOYD GIBBONS—War reports from the Italian front.

H. R. KNICKEBBOCKER—Firsthand News from Ethiopia.

HAROLD OLIVER—"Politix and Politicians"from Washington.

GRANTLflND RICE—Reviews on Sports.

And many other nationally popular writers contribute daily to the enjoyment of Deseret News readers.

Avail Yourself of this Splendid Serit hapthe News the dayvice—Getpens—

Subscribe Was. 550 Today—Call

i$c Weekly by Carrier "ni///a r lERTAI N LY Remember!

*t's+h n*nd tetter th$ r /e.?A

a fife"T ses,Z!?n*ha f <'J/ided; 7'/>ot

t'soaTtf. *// *>? >A< "bS fr J *2*W5V by'*****

Ser>t ft >*>

er t'Sfc neY*<!6 Cin,y 6;

DIRECTOR PRESIDENT HLBl'.KJ GRANT VICE EXECUTIVE PRES A DIR J GEO. CANNON

Isr VICEPRES. J DIR & JR. CLARK. REUBEN SFCRE7ART DIRECTOR OIILSON C B AXEL

DIR. 2ND VICEPRES A DAVID McKAY O ASS1 SECHETART PENROSE LEO E.

DIRECTOR FIELDING SMITH JOS ASST SECRETaRT SMITH VIRGIL H

I CLAIMS ADJUSTER AND B RALPHS ASST TREASURER PEIRCt EjRLE W

DIRECTOH ORVAL ADAMS W SUP R E LOAN DEPT UPl EUGENE P W ATKINS

L. DIRECTOR STEPHEN CH1PMAN SUPERVISOR ACENCT M. ANDERSEN WALDO Dm. IJfSVBA iAPANf

M/// / 1 1 1 f J m