FOR RECREATION AND PLEASURE BEST KNOWN RESORT IN Saltair THE WORLD.

Crosinof "theSeventies and theyounMens

Mutual Improvement Associations

UJ

UJ

I

Vol. XI. JULY, 1908. No. 9.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board 2.00 PER ANNUM

COURSES IN AGRICULTURE

DOMESTIC SCIENCE AdvertiseSee the AGRICULTURALCOMMERCE in ment '"'MECHANIC ARTS issue UTAH. thisGENERAL SCIENCE COLLEGE

J. B. Robbins, A. C Kcelcy, R. Dambcck

S. L. Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbins

Cream Shipped everywhere KEELEY ICE CREAM COMPANY

Wholesale and Retail Makers of

Pure Ice Cream, Sherbets,.,.

Water Ices, '.9|tt\

Before tbe SmoKe Clears Jlway Fancy Bricks,

On your firestricken shop, factory, office Frozen Puddings, or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long unnecessary Punches, Etc.

delays in adjusting, no haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses HIGH GRADE CANDIES

every time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we can Delivered to Any Part of the City

insure you again.

Factory and Office, 26o State St.

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Both Phones 3223 Proiript Service,

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. Salt Lake City. Utah.

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Both Phones 35}.

J.S.JENSEN&$ON$

Jos* Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

and Licensed Embalmer. Missionaries'Watches at reduced

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds Show Rooms and Morgue. Silverware. Repairing. All work

OiFiOE Open Day and Night. guaranteed.

Have your eyes examined by 21, 28, 25 SOOTH WEST TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. our reliable optician,

H. O, JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist Mail Orders Promptly Attended To,

ESTABLISHED 1889.

UTAH COMMERCIAL and SAVINGS BANK CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK

...4: Per Cent—Interest,on computedSavings Deposits.semiannually /T7yj r TTT*\J 1 l\nA TU EgtatlUhedSalt Lake City,180Utmh

Commercial Banking in all its ym'HlS bank solicits the accounts of branches. Accounts of Banks and In- / I banks,firms and individuals, and

dividuals solicited. Customers assured \m extends to such customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility.

with conservative and safe banking.

WM. F. ARMSTRONG, BYRON GROO AnthonJoi. F. H.Lund,V.Pres.Smith, Prest. Chas.H.T.McEwan,Asst.Cash.S Burton, Cashier

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, plgr. mention the Era.)

iMiMNMM

60DAY STOPLIMIT OVERS

SUMMER EXCURSION TICKETS

On Sale June ist to September 15th

LOW RATES Returning same way or through San

Francisco and Portland.

Ask SALT LAKE ROUTE Agent 169 Main Street J. H. BURTNER, D. P. A.

Artificial Refrigeration at Marlcet and at Slaugliter House

Palace Meat Market THOMAS J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the wcst and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Quick Delivery Every one appreciates careful attention and Quick Delivery of their orders.

Particularly, the farmer, who must have his implementrepairs and Red Tag Twine delivered promptly, or great loss befalls him.

We know this; we keep an enormous

stock of repairs for all the implements and vehicles we sell, and also have a man to care for express orders a portion of each

Holiday or Sunday during the harvest season. Which is just a small part of the

good treatment we offer you.

McCormlck Mowers, Binders and Rakes;

Case Threshers and Engines; Red Tag

Twine, Deere and Oliver Plows; Bain

and Cooper Wagons. Vehicles; Harness,

Automobiles, etc. etc.

Consolidated Wagon and Machine Co,

GEO. T. ODELL, Gen'I. Mgr.

Jos. F, Smith, Prest. Melvin D. Wells, Sec. & Treas.

W. S. McCoRNiCK VicePrest. Grant Hampton, Asst. Sec. & Treas.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1908.

,T. Grant, Business Manager Joseph F. Smith, ( gu g Heber

Edward H. Anderson, S Alpha J. Higgs, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Destiny and Fate Dr. James E. Talmage 649

Happiness. A poem Grace Ingles Frost...... 654

Patrick Henry's Forum (Illustrated) B. H. Roberts 655

Our Pioneer Boys (Illustrated) Solomon F. Kimball 668

Some Utah Birds—2. The Redwing Blackbird... ClaudeT. Barnes 681

SelfControl—2. The Crimes of the Tongue, William George Jordan 686

"Cast thy Bread Upon the Waters."A Poem... J. L. Townsend 689

Romance of a Missionary—IX. Elder Donaldson's Story Nephi Anderson 69o

My Country's Flag. A Poem Theo. E. Curtis 695

"All is Well! All is Well!"(Illustrated) Susa Young Gates 696

Waiting. A Poem John Burroughs 707

Reminiscences of the Pioneers of 1854 Lydia D. Alder 708

Emily Wells Grant Nephi Anderson 714

Be Alive 715 Editor's Table—Amusement and Recreation Prest. Joseph F.Smith 716

Messages from the Missions 718

Seventy's Council Table B. H. Roberts 721

Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 725

Entered at the Post OflBce, Salt Lake City, as SecondClass Matter.

Vol. XI. JULY, 1908. No. 9.

DESTINY AND FATE.

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, F. R. S. E.

There are people who call themselves fatalists. They profess

a belief in destiny, and so resign themselves to whatever happens as the inexorable decree of fate.

They carry this belief to such an extreme as to declare that man is the mere puppet and tool of unseen influences: that he is

utterly unable to control or change the conditions of his life; that

he will live his allotted days in spite of neglect of health or of rash exposure to danger; that he will die when his time comes, whatever he may do to escape injury or to stay the ravages of disease.

Like all other fads and foibles of human fancy, this extreme conception is unreasonable, unscriptural, and untrue. It

has not even the element of novelty to excuse it; it is a survival

or a revival of ideas current in the days of ancient mythology, when a deity, good or evil, was supposed to rule in every human act or undertaking. The oriental kismet typified the spirit of

fate, from whose influence there was no escape, than whom there was no greater power.

This conception of the operations of supernatural control in mortal life is so thoroughly foreign to the spirit of the gospel

that it can scarcely be thought to find a place in the heart or mind of any Latterday Saint. One of the greatest of the Father's gifts

to his mortal children is the endowment of individual agency, and the right of choice. We may choose the path of danger, or that

of safety; we may invite accident by recklessness; we may bring

upon ourselves illness through disregard of the laws of health; we

may shorten our lives, and indeed may invoke speedy death by disobedience to the Lord's requirements; to say nothing of the dread

power displayed in the suicide's awful crime.

The fact that many of the events of our lives are inexplicable is no proof that blind and remorseless fate controls. In spite of

all precautions, accidents of violence may invade our lives; the

most scrupulous care of which we are capable may not insure against attacks of disease; yet who can affirm that this proves the

uselessness of care and prudence, or that the accident or illness may not have been averted?

As we reject the belief of the fatalist, so do we deny the element of chance in human affairs. There is no effect without its

natural cause. When disease assails us there is a rational explanation of the attack, whether we are able to discover it or not. With

all our care we may unwittingly expose ourselves to contagion and become its victim. The wise man will watch well his ways,

seeking the paths of safety; and should duty call him to face danger or incur risk, he will take every proper precaution and employ

every reasonable safeguard. And then if illness or other calamity

befall, he knows that these conditions have come upon him in the path of his duty, and he can exercise his faith to the full, and with assurance can petition the throne of the Great Healer.

There is a power supreme in the life of every man—the

power of Divine Providence, adapting itself to the conditions of the of inindividual life—far different from the arbitrary compelling

evitable fate, equally unlike the happenings of fickle chance.

True it is that by divine direction we come into our probation in the flesh. It is in accordance with a preordained plan that

some have been born to mortality in one epoch of the world's history, and others at other times. It is no mere chance that has

determined the birth of some during ages of spiritual darkness, and that of others in the sunlight of the dispensation of the fulDESTINY AND FATE. 651

ness of times. Neither is it chance that one spirit is tabernacled

in a negro body, another clothed in the redskin of a Lamanite, yet another under Mongolian yellow, and some in the white and delightsome covering of the Caucasian.

Just how far the individual spirit has had a determining choice as to time of birth and the conditions of mortal existence, we may not know; enough has been revealed, however, to prove a

direct relation between our present life and the life that preceded in what we call our primeval childhood. So,this—the conditions

too, the life that follows will be the result of our achievements, be they good or ill, in this state of mortality.

We recognize an average duration of individual life; we speak

of the allotted age of man; we regard death as a part of the divine

plan, as natural and as inevitable as is birth. In a general way,

Jiherefore, there is a time appointed unto man to die; that is to

say, the duration of a life is limited; and inasmuch as there is a

condition of age beyond which we do not live, as we approach old age we approach the grave. It is natural for man to live to

old age, and then to die. This will be the rule under the blessed

conditions of the millennium. We read concerning this period of

promise: "There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor

an old man that hath not filled his days: for the child shall die an

hundred years old"(Isaiah 65: 20; see also Doc. and Gov. 101:

30). At present, however, premature death is of everyday occurrence. Children die before they have learned to prattle the language of earth; youths and maidens in their years of greatest

all arepromise; men and women in the days of their prime—

gathered in by the grim reaper. Death appears to be no respecter

of age.

"Leaves have their times to fall,

And flowers to wither at the north wind's breath;

And stars to set—but all,

Thou hast all seasons for thine own, Death!"

We may not, indeed we cannot, fathom the purposes of Omniscience in thus permitting the onslaught of death in lives yet but partly spent. As to every premature death there must be a direct

and determining cause, as in deaths from the decrepitude of age there is a general cause. Nevertheless, the question of individual

652 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

guilt or of specific neglect as a cause may not be determinable by mortal minds. We may rest assured that in the justice of an

Eternal God no soul will suffer deprivation in the hereafter from an earthly death due to causes over which that soul had no influence or control. Should a life be cut short by accident or disease,

met in the path of duty, or by the stroke of a murderer's hand, the soul thus hurried into eternity will lose nothing because it is the victim of neglect or design on the part of others.

Are the days of one's life numbered, and is each appointed to die at a time prescribed? In a general way, yes; specifically, no.

That is to say, it is the order of nature that every one shall die;

and as physical powers weaken and expire with advancing age, it is unquestionably natural that the weakness of declining age is the precursor of natural dissolution or death. Many die in early years,

and in each case death is the natural result of physical conditions operating as a natural cause.

But beyond all this we must recognize the fact that in individual cases special intervention of a power far above that of earth is possible. We read in the records of olden time that Hezekiah,

king of Judah, was notified of his impending death. Isaiah, the

son of Amoz, a prophet of the Lord, came to the king, saying, "Thus saith the Lord, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die"

(see II Kings, 20). We read that the king petitioned the Lord,

and as a result the prophet came again into the royal presence with this message: "Thus saith the Lord, the God of David thy

father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I

will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of

the Lord. And I will add unto thy days fifteen years"(verses 5,

6). Have we not here an instance of a life extended through

prayer and faith, even after a specific determination of the time of death? This example is to be regarded as one of special intervention and divine direction, both as to the time of death as first

appointed, and as to the extension of life.

In view of the possibility of divine intent and special purpose in any individual life, we often hear the elders of the Church, in administering to the sick, pronounce the blessing of recovery and prolonged life, provided the afflicted one be not appointed unto death (see Doc. and Gov. 42: 48). This proviso assumes the posDESTINY AND FATE. 653

sibility that for purposes known to Omniscience, but unknown to man, souls may be appointed to die as to the body, and that in these as in all other matters, not our wish but the will of God may be realized.

A particular passage of modern scripture demands consideration in this connection. In a revelation given in Jackson County,

Missouri, August, 1831, the Lord said: "And in nothing doth man

offend God, or against none is his wrath kindled, save those who confess not his hand in all things, and obey not his commandments"(Doc. and Gov. 59:21).

It is an extreme interpretation of this scripture to claim therefrom that whatever happens is a direct result of the Lord's will.

It is both unreasonable and unscriptural to assert that all existing conditions of society are in accordance with the Divine will. Is it

possible that the will, the wish, the purpose of God are responsible for the vice and crime that rule in certain sections of human abode?

Think you it is God's will that man shall rob his brother? No!

He has declared, "Thou shalt not steal."

Is it the will of God that one shall slay his brother? No! The

Lord has decreed, "Thou shalt not kill."

Is it the Lord's will that men shall tempt and women entice to crime against the person and against society? Nay! Hath he

not said, "Thou shalt not commit adultery?"

To attribute existing conditions to the direct will of God is to make the Almighty responsible for dishonesty, lying, thievery, adultery, murder, and for every crime possible to man.

The Lord is no party to sin; hath he not said that upon sin

he can look with no degree of allowance? Mercy may be extended

to the sinner, yet for sin there is no allowance.

How then can we confess or acknowledge the hand of God in all things? By acknowledging the divine power to overrule all occurrences or happenings to bring about eventual good! The Lord

is supreme; he is the Omnipotent. In respect to the divinely bestowed birthright of man, personal agency is not to be denied or

annulled even by the Giver. If a man be determined to follow the

course of vice and sin, it is the will of God that he be left to meet and suffer the consequences of his choice.

654 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In the dread disasters of accident, pestilence, fire and earthquake, it is the will of God that under existing circumstances and conditions the sequence of natural cause and effect be not interfered with by any direct interposition.

We acknowledge the power divine by recognizing the power of immediate and direct intervention, and likewise the right to leave all to the natural course of events.

To attribute vice, sin, and crime to the Almighty as part of his will and pleasure is blasphemy. To acknowledge the power

of God to overrule all things, so that they contribute to the general advancement of truth and godliness, is the part of every dutiful child of the Eternal Father.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

HAPPINESS.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Th e purest happiness the heart can know,

Is felt by lessening another's woe.

They who some dreary life hath made more bright,

Hath gained a glimpse of heaven's glorious light.

And, oh! so many souls there are that need

The grasp of friendly hand, and kindly deed.

Hearts hungry for a human word of love.

To help them reach the heavenly courts above.

Then let us live to bring mankind more joy;

Our meed will be pure gold, not earth's alloy,

That metal which the world's false lips call gold,

That oft makes man grow small and cruel and cold.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Waterloo, Utah.

PATRICK HENRY'S FORUM.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

Ever does natural beauty steal in like air and envelop great actions.

So said Emerson, many years ago, in his essay on "Beauty;"

and he gave many illustrations of the statement, among which was Leonidas and his three hundred Greek martyrs who consumed one day in dying; Arnold Winkelried, in the high Alps gathering in

his side a sheath of Austrian spears to break the Austrian line for his comrades; Columbus, approaching the shores of America—the

savages fleeing out of their huts—the sea behind, the purple

mountains, the Indian Archipelago around—the New World clothSt. John's Church.

Patrick Henry's Forum, Richmond, Va.

656 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing the bold navigator with "her palm groves and Sjannahs as a fitting drapery.''There can be no question but that these illustrations sustain the statement of the great essayist; but also holds

that even in "private places,"among sordid objects, an act of trath or heroism seems at once to draw to itself the "sky as its temple, the sun as its candle."But here it should be remembered

that it is the "act of truth or heroism"which lends charm, and interest to the scene, rather than that the "private places"or "sordid objects"contribute anything to the act. It is vain to

think that every act of truth or heroism has its best possible setting either in natural or mancreated environment. But such is

Interior Patrick Henry's Forum.

the sanctifying power of an "act of truth or heroism"that it imparts even to private places and sordid objects in which it may occur, a calm or even grandeur which will not pass away; but in

some sort makes of it sanctified and holy ground.

Some such reflections as these were awakened on the occasion of a visit something over a year ago to the rather unpretentious

St. John's Church in the city of Richmond, Virginia. This little

church is one of America's temples of liberty, worthy to be remembered in connection with Faneuil Hall, Boston; Carpenter's Hall,

Philadelphia; and also Independence Hall, Philadelphia; for here,

PATRICK HENRrS FORUM. 657

too, in the Revolutionary period of United States history were displayed heroism and statesmanship in the cause of American—nay,

this unpretentious church building ahuman—liberty, which make

shrine. I have ventured to call it Patrick Henry's Forum, because

its chief interest is connected with his name and his work. It

stands upon one of the many hills on which Richmond, like another

Rome, is situated, overlooking the St. James river, "Church

Hill,"in fact, and is rather apart from the immediate business

Faneuil Hall, 1763.

centre of the city. The structure,even with the belfry tower and the

wing on the west, added since it was used as the meeting place of the Virginia patriots of 1775, is unpretentious; how much more so

when it consisted only of the plain, fourcornered frame structure of the east part, which now forms the back part of the church, and only about eighteen by thirtysix feet in its dimensions! Still, humble and plain as it is when thus reduced

to its dimensions of 1775, I venture to offer it as a shrine of liberty to the readers of the Era.

The royal governor of Virginia, Dunmore, on the 15th day of

JVIay, 1774, dissolved, as will be remembered, the colonial assem658 IMPROVEMENJ ERA.

bly of Virginia, for having the day previous set apart the first day of June of the year named, as a day of fasting, humiliation and prayer, for the purpose of devoutly imploring "the divine interposition for diverting the heavy calamity which threatened the destruction of the civil rights, and bringing on the evils of civil war in British America."All of which the House of Burgesses

saw foreshadowed in the hostile invasion of the city of Boston by the royal soldiery. Holding up a paper before the assembled delegates,

Lord Dunmore said: "I have in my hand a paper published by

order of your House conceived in such terras as reflect highly upon

His Majesty and the Parliament of Great Britain, which makes it necessary to dissolve you, and you are dissolved accordingly."The members of the

House, as is well known, withdrew to the Raleigh Tavern in Williamsburg, and formed themselves into a committee to consider the most expedient and necessary measures against the encroachments of arbitrary power which threatened them.

They adopted a spirited address, and appointed a committee of correspondence to Carpenter's Hall,

Where the First Congress met.confer with like committees

in the several colonies of British America, to take up the question of the expediency of appointing deputies in the several colonies to meet in a General Congress annually, or as should be thought most convenient. This resulted ultimately in the creation of the old Continental Congress which met on 4th of September, 1774, in Carpenter's Hall, in the city of Philadelphia, and of which Peyton

Randolph of Virginia was chosen president, and of which Patrick

Henry, Richard Henry Lee, George Washington, Richard Bland,

Benjamin Harrison, and Henry Pendleton were deputies from Virginia. The wisdom and moderation of this Continental Congress

have passed into history. The most important action was the adopPATRICK HENRY'S FORUM. 659

tion of a "Bill of Rights,""A Petition to the King of England,"* 'An Address to the People of Great Britain,"written by

John Jay, and another to the several AngloAmerican colonies, written by William Livingston. It was of this body of patriots

that the Earl of Chatham in the British House of Lords said: "I

must declare and avow, that in all my reading and study of history

I have read Thucydides, and (and it has been my favorite study—

have studied and admired the master states of the world) that for solidity of reasoning, force of sagacity, and wisdom of conclusion,. under such a complication of circumstances, no nation or body of

Independence Hall, 1776.

men can stand in preference to the General Congress of Philadelphia."

Now to return to Virginia and Patrick Henry's Forum. It

was on Monday, the 20th of March, 1775, that the convention of delegates from the several counties and corporations of Virginia met in St. John's Church described herein. In the main the convention was optimistic in sentiment as to reconciliation with Great

Britain, and the maintenance of the rights of British American subjects. There had been given what was considered a gracious

acceptance of the "Petition to the King;"and proAmerican

660 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sentiment seemed never stronger in Parliament than at that time. On both sides of the Atlantic there appeared to subsist a

strong desire for a return of that friendly intercourse between

Great Britain and her American colonies from which both countries had derived so much of prosperity and happiness. After its

organization in the little church, the convention proceeded to express its approval of the course taken by the Continental Congress, and expressed the warmest thanks of all the inhabitants of the colony of Virginia to the worthy delegates who had so faithfully discharged the important duties and trust reposed in them. Mr. Henry, however, was not a sharer of

the optimistic views of the convention. His biographer holds that he "saw

things with a steadier eye and a deeper insight"than other delegates. ''His

judgment was too solid to be duped by appearances,"he goes on to say, "and his heart too firm and manly to be amused by false and flattering hopes.

He had long since read the true character of the Patrick Henry. British court, and saw that

no alternative remained for his country but abject submission or heroic resistance."Three days, therefore, after the convention

met, he introduced the following resolutions for a well regulated militia for the colony of Virginia:

Resolved that a wellregulated militia, composed of gentlemen and yeomen, is the natural strength and only security of a free government; that such a militia

in this colony would forever render it unnecessary for the mother country to keep among us, for the purpose of defense, any standing army of mercenary soldiers, always subversive of the quiet, and dangerous to the liberties, of the people, and would obviate the pretext of taxing us for their support.

That the establishment of such militia is, at this time, peculiarly necessary,

PATRICK HENRTS FORUM. 661

by the state of our laws, for the protection and defense of the country, some of which are already expired, and others will shortly be so: and that the known remissness of government in calling us together in legislative capacity, renders it

too insecure, in this time of danger and distress, to rely that opportunity will be given of renewing them, in general assembly, or making any provision to secure our inestimable rights and liberties from those further violations with which they are threatened.

Resolved, therefore, that this colony be immediately put into a state of defense, and that there shall be a committee appointed to prepare a plan for embodying, arming and disciplining such a number of men, as may be sufficient for that purpose.

The effect of these resolutions is described by Mr. Henry's

biographer as follows:

The shock was painful. It was almost general. The resolutions were opposed as not only rash in policy, but as harsh and well nigh impious in point of

feeling. Some of the warmest patriots of the convention opposed them. * * *

They urged the late gracious reception of the Congressional Petition by the throne.

They insisted that national comity, and much more filial respect, demanded the exercise of a more dignified patience; that the sympathies of the parentcountry

were now on our side; that the friends of American liberty in parliament were

still with us, and had, as yet, had no cause to blush for our indiscretions; that

the manufacturing interests of Great Britain, already smarting under the effects of our nonimportation, cooperated powerfully toward our relief; that the sovereign himself had relented, and showed that he looked upon our sufferings with an

eye of pity. "Was this a moment, "they asked, "to disgust our friends, to extinguish all the conspiring sympathies which were working in our favor, to turn

their friendship into hatred, their pity into revenge?"''And what was there,"they

asked, "in the situation of the colony, to tempt us to this? Were we a great military people? Were we ready for war? Where were our stores? Where were

our arms? Where our soldiers? Where our generals? Where our money, the sinews of war? They were nowhere to 'be found. In truth,

we were poor, we were naked, we were defenseless. And yet we talk

of assuming the front of war! of assuming it, too, against a nation, one

of the most formidable in the world! A nation ready and armed at all points!

Her navies riding triumphant in every sea; her armies never marching, but to

certain victory! What was to be the issue of the struggle we were called upon to

court? What could be the issue, in the comparative circumstances of the two

countries, but to yield up this country an easy prey to Great Britain, and to convert the illegitimate right which the British parliament now claimed, into a firm and indubitable right, by conquest? The measure might be brave, but it was the

bravery of madmen.

So much is necessary to the understanding of the speech that follows. Surely the weight of prudent argument seemed to rest

662 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with those opposed to the resolutions of Mr. Henry; but he, who

ten years before in the House of Burgesses was arrested in the very climax of a great speech when alluding to Caesar and Charles

I, and George HI, the one who had his Brutus, the other his Cromhis cry of treason, treaswell, "and George the Third"—with

on—yet blanched not, but with Godlike calmness concluded: "may

profit by their example. If this be treason, make the most of it."

This man was not to be daunted by the weight of argument, or even the exalted character of the men who made it—and surely

his opponents were among the first men in Virginia. By considering what his opponents had to say against his series of resolutions,

perhaps my readers will appreciate all the more one of the best sentences in American literature, namely, "It is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope: we are apt to shut our eyes against

the painful truth, and listen to the song of that siren until she transforms us into beasts."It is not, however, with that sentence that Mr. Henry's speech began, though it is at that point

that our school books usually begin it. If we may trust, as I

think we may, his biographer, Mr. Wirt, he opened his reply in the

following manner:

He rose at this time with a majesty unusual to him in an exordium, and with all that selfpossession by which he was invariably distinguished. No man thought

more highly than he did of the patriotism, as well as abilities, of the very worthy gentlemen who had just addressed the House. But different men often saw

the same subject in different lights; and therefore be hoped it would not be

thought disrespectful to those gentlemen, if, entertaining as he did, opinions of a character very opposite to theirs, he should speak forth his sentiments freely and without reserve. This was no time for ceremony. Tne question before this

house was one of awful moment to the country. For his own part, he considered

it as nothing less than a question of freedom or slavery. And in proportion to

the magnitude of the subject, ought to be the freedom of the debate. It was only

in this way that they could hope to arrive at truth, and fulfil the great responsibility which they held to God and to their country. Should he keep back his

opinions at such a time, through fear of giving offense, he should consider himself aa guilty of treason toward his country, and of an act of disloyalty toward the majesty of heaven, which he revered above all earthly kings.

Then more directly:

Mr. President, it is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope: we

are apt to shut our eyes against the painful truth, and listen to the song of *.hat siren until she transforms U3 into beasts. Is this the part of wise men, enPATRICK HENRTS FORUM. 663

gaged in a great and arduous struggle for liberty? Are we disposed to be of the

number of those, who, having eyes, see not, and having ears hear not, the things which so nearly concern our temporal salvation? For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the truth;

to know the whole truth; to know the worst and to provide for

it. I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is

the lamp of experience. I know of no way of judging of the future, but by the

past. And judging by the past, I wish to know what there has been in the eonduct of the British ministry for the past ten years to justify those hopes with

which gentlemen have been pleased to solace themselves and the house? Is it that

insidious smile with which our petition has been lately received? Trust it not,

sir; it will prove a snare to your feet. Suffer not yourselves to be betrayed with a

kias. Ask yourselves how this gracious reception of our petition comports with

those warlike preparations which cover our waters and darken our land. Are

fleets and armies necessary to a work of love and reconciliation? Have we shown

ourselves so unwilling to be reconciled, that force must be called in to win back our love? Let us not deceive ourselves, sir. These are the implements of war

and subjugation—the last arguments to which kings resort. I ask, gentlemen,

sir, what means this martial array, if its purpose is not to force us to submission?

Has Great Britain an enemy in this quarter of the world, to call for all this accumulation of navies and armies? No, sir, she has none. They are meant for us:

they can be meant for no other. They are sent over to bind and rivet upon us

those chains which the British ministry have been so long forging. And what

have we to oppose them? Shall we try argument? Sir, we have been trying that

for the last ten years. Have we anything new to offer upon the subject? Nothing. We have held the subject up in every light of which it is capable; but it

has been all in vain. Shall we resort to entreaty and humble supplication? What

terms shall we find which have not been already exhausted? Let us not, I

beseech you, sir, deceive ourselves longer. Sir. we have done everything that

could be done, to avert the storm which is now coming on. We have petitioned—we have remonstrated—we have supplicated—wo have prostrated ourselves before the throae, and have implored its interposition to arrest the tyrannical hands of the ministry and parliament. Oar petitions have been slighted;

our remonstrances have produced additional violence and insult, our supplications have been disregarded; and we have been spurned with contempt from the foot

of the throne. In vain after these things may we indulge the fond hope of

peace and reconciliation. There is no longer any room for hope. If we wish

to be free—if we wish to preserve inviolate those iaestimable privileges for

which we have been so long contending—if we mean not basely to abandon the

noble struggle in which we have been so long engaged, and which we have pledged ourselves never to abandon, until the glorious object of our contest shall b<) obtained—we must fight!—I repeat it, sir, we must fight! An appeal to arms

and to the GoH of hosts, is all that is left us! They tell us, sir, that we are

weak—unable to cope with so formidable an adversary. But when shall we be

stronger? Will it be the next week or the next year? Will it be when we are

.664 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

totally disarmed, and when a British guard shall be stationed in every house?

Shall we gather strength by irresolution and inaction? Shall we acquire th

means of effectual resistance by lying supinely on our backs and hugging the delusive phantom of hope, until our enemies shall have bound us hand and foot?

Sir, we are not weak, if we make a proper U3e of those means which the God of nature hath placed in our power. Three million of people armed in the holy

cause of liberty, and in such a country as that which we possess, are invincible by any force which our enemy can send against us. Besides, sir, we shall not

fight our battles alone. There is a just God who presides over the destinies of

nations, and who will raise up friends to fight our battles for us. The battle, sir,

is net to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides,

sir, we havo no election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now too late

to retire from the contest. There is no retreat but in submission and slavery

Our chains are forged. Their clanking may be heard on the plains of Boston!

it, sir, let it come! It isThe war is inevitable—and let it come! I repeat

vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry, peace, peace—but

there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next gale that sweeps

from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stqnd we here idle? What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to

be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it Almighty. God! I

know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or giv*

me death!

No applause followed this speech. The feelings produced

were too intense for that. It is an old story repeated again.

When the Greeks listened to Demosthenes they never applauded;

they said, let us go and fight Philip. The resolutions for arming

the militia passed, and the committee provided for by them, to prepare a plan for arming and disciplining said militia, was appointed.

All opposition was swept away, and armed resistance to Great

Britain's encroachment upon American liberties must be met henceforth with armed resistance, until an independent nation is born in the New World, a nation whose manifest mission it is to guide the destinies of these western continents.

Was the natural scenery, in the midst of which these great truths were uttered, these heroisms displayed, fitting to their greatness and farreaching importance—that little fourcornered

frame church building, eighteen by thirtysix in its dimensions?

Does the heroic action derive anything from its environment? Or

is it the case here as it is often the case, that it is this speech which nerved America to the point of resistance, this act of

PATRICK HENRY'S FORUM. 665

heroism that gives something like sanctification and immortality to the environment in which they happened.

The attendant at the little church points the spot where tradition says the great Virginian stood whendelivering this address;

and will, if you desire it, repeat the speech for you, which he did in part for me; but half way through I stopped him, though he

spoke with some judgment and had the good taste not to tear the passion into shreds. But I had my own opinion as to how that

speech, perhaps, was delivered; and I did not care to have it

marred by another. And then it is one of those things that cannot

be successfully repeated to advantage. It was a message from

God that completed its purpose when declared by the prophet who uttered it. Are these terms too strong, ''message from God,"and

''Prophet?"I think not. All the prophets of God are not from

the schools of prophets. Some come straight from God with the

message, without going through the schools or even through the formalities of ordination, but they come with the inspiration of

God upon them, nevertheless. I have scripture warrant for what

I say. "It is not right,"says one of our scriptures,, "that any

man should be in bondage one to another. And for this purpose

have I established the constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."(Doc. and Gov. Sec. 101.)

And in that group of wise men whom God raised up to establish the institutions and constitutions of this great nation, the guardian of the liberties of these western continents, none gave greater evidence of inspiration than this same man, Patrick Henry, who appeared in this little church forum of Virginia. His biographer,

Mr. Wirt, relates an incident which occurred a few years previous

to his great speech in Virginia's convention of delegates, and which is so completely prophetic that I venture to quote it; and

let it be remembered that the conversation detailed, took place "before one drop of blood was shed in America's contest with

Great Britain,"or even one word had been said of independence.

PATRICK henry's PROPHECY.

"His views were not less steady than they were bold. His vision pierced deeply

into futurity; and long before a whisper of independence had been heard in this

666 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

land, he had looked through the whole of the approaching contest, and aaw, with the eye and the rapture of a prophet, his country seated aloft among the nations of the earth. A striking proof of this prescience is given in an anecdote communicated to me by Mr. Pope. These are his words:—"I am informed by CjI.

John Overton, that before one drop of blood was shed in our contest with Great

Britain, he was at Col. Samuel Overton's in company with Mr.Henry, Col. Morris,

John Hawkins, and Col. Samuel Overton, when the lastmentioned gentleman asked

Mr. Henry, 'whether he supposed Great Britain would drive her colonies to extremities?—And if she should, what he thought would be the issue of the war?'

When Mr. Henry, after looking round to see who were present, expressed himself

confidentially to the company in the following manner:

"'She will drive us to extremities—no accommodation will take place—hostilities will soon commence—and a desperate and bloody touch it will be.''But,'

said Col. Samuel Overton, 'Do you think, Mr. Henry, that an infant nation as we

are, without discipline, arms, ammunition, ships of war, or money to procure them—do you think it possible, thus circumstanced, to oppose successfully the

fleets and armies of Great Britain?''I will be candid with you,'replied Mr.Henry.

'I doubt whether we shall be able, alone, to cope with so powerful a nation. But,

continued he, (rising from his chair, with great animation,) 'where is France?

Where is Spain? Where is Holland? the natural enemies of Great Britain.—Where

will they be all this while? Do you suppose they will stand by, idle and indifferent

spectators to the contest? Will Louis XVI be asleep all this time? Believe me,

no! When Louis XVI shall be satisfied by our serious opposition, and our

Declaration of Independence, that all prospect of a reconciliation is gone, then, and not till then, will he furnish us with arms, ammunition, and clothing; and not

with these only, but he will send his fleets and armies to fight our battles for us;

he will form with us a treaty offensive and defensive, against our unnatural mother.

Spain and Holland will join the confederation! Our independence will be established! and we shall take our stand among the nations of the earth!'Here he

ceased; and Col. John Overton says, he shall never forget the voice and prophetic

manner with which these predictions were uttered, and which have been since so literally verified. Col. Overton says, at the word independence, the company appeared to be startled; for they had never heard any thing of the kind before even

suggested."

It is, Qf course, a matter of common knowledge that this prophecy was fulfiled in every particular, and still I cannot help to believe that the following passage, from one of the most thoughtful of American historians, (Marcus Wilson) will be of special interest, as it brings before the mind, not only the evidence of the fulfilment of Mr. Henry's prophecy, but also increases one's wonder

that such unlikely instrumentalities should be used for the accomplishment of the Almighty's purpose. Commenting upon the

.

PATRICK HENRTS FORUM. 667

treaty of Great Britain, France, Spain, Holland and the United

States, signed in 1783, he said:

Thus closed the most important war in which England had ever been engaged,—a war which arose wholly out of her ungenerous treatment of her American

colonies. The expense of blood and treasure which this war cost England was

enormous; nor, indeed, did her European antagonists suffer much less severely

The United States was the only country that could look to any beneficial results from the war, and these were obtained by a strange union of opposing motives and principles, uneqalled in the annals of history. France and Spain, the arbitrary despots of the old world, had stood forth as the protectors of an infant re.

public, and had combined, contrary to all the principles of their political faith, to establish the rising liberties of America. They seemed but as blind instruments

in the hands of Providence, employed to aid in the founding of a nation which should cultivate those republican virtues that were destined yet to regenerate the world upon the principles of universal intelligence, and eventually to overthrow the timeworn system of tyrannical usurpation of the few over the many.

St. John's Church at Richmond was subsequently used for a

convention of delegates from Virginia to consider the adoption of the Constitution of the United States, by the commonwealth of

Virginia; and here, after long deliberation, and after pleading for

additional safeguards to the security of individual liberties, as finally embodied in the first ten amendments to the Constitution, the state of Virginia through her convention, made a very guarded adoption of the Constitution. During these discussions Mr. Henry

was frequently heard in the debates, and it will go without saying that he was always found on the side which stood for procuring the largest possible liberty, both to the people of the nation and the citizens of the states, and the reserve rights of the states.

But the climax both of his own career, and the incident which makes of this unpretentious church house a shrine of American liberty, was the speech delivered on that 23rd day of March, 1775, when this inspired man made strong the hearts of American patriots to resist intolerable British oppression.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Scott's Bluffs.

(From Liverpool to Salt Lake.)

OUR PIONEER BOYS.

BY SOLOMON F. KIMBALL.

In early days the Lord did raise

Brave "Mormon"boys to blaze the way;

To make the bridge, to clear the ridge,

To hold the savage beast at bay.

They broke the grounds and built new towns;

They eyed the lurking redskin thief.

O'er Indian trails they packed the mails,

And fared on bear and buffalo beef.

Rough and ready, tough but steady,

Like pure diamonds in the rough.

They rescued wives from scalping knives.

And chased the red men o'er the bluff.

O'er the plains they guarded trains,

Helping travelers on their way,

Through dust and heat, with blistered feet.

They never lagged or lost a day.

These heroes went, on missions sent.

To rescue pilgrims that were late;

OUR PlONEkJR BOYS. 669

With heavy loads, they "broke"the roads,

From Salt Lake down to Devil's Gate.

Met starving Saints, with travel faint,

Pulling handcarts through the snow.

All through November and December;

These were dreadful days of woe.

Through drifting snow, these boys would go

With freezing pilgrims on their backs,

Through rivers deep, through slush and sleet;

And o'er the hills, they "broke"the tracks.

They climbed the heights, then sat up nights

Nursing the sick and burying dead;

Their hearts would bleed when they would feed

Poor, helpless children without bread.

With dauntless will they fought on still.

Saving the lives of all they could;

Though they could feel their strength of steel

Waning for want of needed food.

Great efforts made brought ample aid

From comrades bringing new supplies:

The strong did leap, for joy did weep,

And manly tears flowed from their eyes.

Our "minute men"have always been

On hand to answer every call;

They always went wherever sent,

In winter, summer, spring or fall.

Paving the way for a better day.

Most of the boys have passed away;

Their work well done, their victory won.

They've gone to dwell in peace alway.

We'll drop a tear as we draw near

The tomb of these our "Mormon"braves.

670 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Our heroes dear that knew no fear,

We'll strew sweet flowers o'er their graves.

There are left a few who 're just as true

As the veterans who have passed away;

Let's give them cheer while they are here,

And praise the heroes while we may!

Great Salt Lake City in 1853.

(From Liverpool to Salt Lake.)

Soon after the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized, it seemed like all the evil powers of earth and hell combined had arrayed themselves against the people. For sixteen

years this cruel warfare was kept up. They were driven from

county to county and from state to state, until they were utterly stripped of all earthly possessions. Even then, they were not

allowed to rest until they had been driven into the wilderness, some twelve hundred miles from civilization, and there left in the midst of cruel savages and wild beasts, with starvation staring them in the face.

Most of our pioneer boys were born while their griefstricken parents were passing through these terrible hardships. These little fellows naturally partook of the spirit with which they were

surrounded, and this undoubtedly went far towards qualifying them for the hard and trying mission they were destined to fulfil later

OUR PIONEER BOYS. 671

on. The majority of them were descendants of our Pilgrim Fathers,

and their grandsires stood shoulder to shoulder with the brave patriots who made this the most glorious nation on earth.

Considering these circumstances, how could these boys le anything else than brave? After they had grown to manhood,

they feared nothing; and the

Indians, when doing wrong, were in constant dread of them. They

were expert horsemen, and almost lived in their saddles. They

were first class marksmen, and always kept their powder dry and firearms in good condition.

These young heroes, called "minute men,''were organized into companies of sixty, and were very much in evidence throughout this whole Rocky mountain region, from 1847 to 1869.

When emigration from the old countries began to pour into

Utah, the burden of pioneer life commenced to weigh heavily upon their young shoulders.

to be built, Solomon F. Kimball. New settlements had

(Photo, by C. R. Savage, 1890.) roads and bridges made, hostile Indians subdued, and the

wild beasts looked after. These responsibilities, with many others

just as important, kept them moving almost continuously.

The Indians were great strategists, and were always lurking abound watching for an opportunity to take advantage of those who lived in the border settlements. They would first attack

towns of less importance, so as to draw the boys in that direction.

Then would make raids on settlements of greater importance, killing men, women and children, and driving off large herds of stock.

As soon as the authorities were made acquainted with these facts, they would dispatch a company or two of these "minute men"to their rescue. When the boys reached these settlements, they

672 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

gathered the stock that the Indians had left, and moved the settlers to the larger settlements where they could receive proper care.

Before starting on long and hazardous expeditions, their mothers and sisters baked for them plenty of hardtack. While

this work was going on, the boys would kill a beef steer, or, in some instances, a family's last milch cow, cut the meat into thin slices, dip them into brine, and hang them in the sun to dry. This

they called jerked beef. They filled their sacks with this dried

meat, and hardtack, and this generally constituted their bill of fare until they returned. Their loving parents, who were old, bent

and gray, from the hardships which they had passed through, would then place their hands upon the boys'heads and, in the name of the Lord, give them a parents'farewell blessing, between sobs and broken accents, while tears trickled down their hollowed cheeks. After these affectionate partings had taken place, the

young braves met with their superior officers, to receive their final instructions. Within twen*y-four hours from the time they were

notified to be ready, they had their supplies lashed to their pack animals, and were in their saddles and off.

They took the trail of the red skin thieves who, sometimes,

An Effective Shot.

(From a Painting by H. F. Farny.)

OUR PIONEER BOYS. 673

had several days the start of them, with perhaps three or four hundred head of stolen stock. The men were always mounted on good

horses, and the Indians knew what to expect if they were overtaken. The boys followed them for hundreds of miles over rocks,

rivers, deserts, mountains, and through heavy underbrush that almost tore the clothing from their bodies. When night came a

A Mountain Trail.

(From a Painting by H. F. Farny.)

.

'IMPROVEMENT ERA.674

heavy guard was placed around their animals, in addition to camp and picket guard. This was very trying on them after riding

thirtyfive or forty miles a day, over a rough country, through the hot sun of summer, or the cold weather of winter. They were

often so worn out that they were obliged to resort to all kinds of schemes to keep from going to sleep while on duty. The picket

guard was the most trying of the three, as the men were stationed about a mile from camp in the diiferent mountain passes that they knew the Indians would be compelled to take before attacking the camp, or stampeding their horses.

Here the men would lay flat on the ground for hours at a time, listening and watching for Indians. They scarcely ever built fires,

on such occasions, since the smoke by day or the light by night might reveal to the red men their whereabouts. Their covering

at night generally consisted of their damp saddle blankets, with their saddles for pillows.

Every fifteen or twenty miles, or when they found a favoiable place, it was the custom of the Indians to divide their herds of stolen stock and drive the animals so divided in two different directions. This they repeated as long as there were any stock to divide.

The men kept together and followed the most favorable trail, until they reached the end of their journey.

it always tested the mettle of the boys when they were compelled to swim rivers, during cold weather. Under such circumstances they always made a good fire after reaching the other side.

Sometimes, while fording treacherous mountain streams during high water, a horse lost its footing, and both rider and horse were carried down stream never to be seen again. While crossing such

streams, some of the boys who were expert with their lassoes, have been known to stand on the banks and throw their lariats over those who were unfortunate enough to meet with such accidents. Frequently they saved the lives of their comrades in this way

When they ran short of provisions they killed wild game and jerked the meat. Once in a while, they entered barren regions

where game was not found. Then they were compelled to live on

the meat of their faithful saddle animals. When they were thus

obliged to kill the horses that had carried them so many thousands

OUR PIONEhJR BOYS. 675

of miles, under the most trying circumstances, it almost broke their hearts.

It sometimes happened, after following the red men for hundreds of miles, that the boys found for their pains only four or five head of tired out cattle, and no signs of Indians. The men would

then kill the cattle, jerk the meat, and start for homo, sore, stiff, and disappomted.

On the return home from these long and hard expeditions, their parents hardly knew them, they were so reduced in flesh, and their clothing was so badly worn and torn. It often happened

that before they. had been home long enough to get needed rest

they were called in other directions, to chase after other hostile bands of Indians, or perhaps were sent out on the plains to guard emigrants who often designated them as their guardian angels.

When at home, and they were at liberty, the boys took great pleasure in drilling on horseback. They were large, well built,

finelooking men, and made a splendid appearance when dressed in their military suits of navy blue, and when mounted on their beautiful horses. The favorite parade ground, in those days,

was the Sixteenth Ward square, where the old State University now stands. Hyrum B, Clawson

was one of their number, and had organized a company of sixty mounted lancers, who knew but little about riding horses. White

pants, red jackets, and blue caps, constituted their uniform.

About the year 1856, quite an interesting incident took place while the different military organizations were parading. It

happened on the 4th of July, when the Territorial militia was Joshua Midgley.

out in full uniform. Pitt's brass

band, composed of old timers, like Phil. Margetts, James?mithers,

Seth Rigby, Josh Midgley, and others, were mounted on Tithing.

676 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

office mules, and old work horses, Governor Brigham Young and other dignitaries were present to inspect the militia, and to witness their maneuvers. Everything passed off nicely until

about 3 o'clock in the afternoon

The commanding officer in charge galloped over to the Governor's carriage and asked the Governor if he had any suggestions to make. President

Young, with a twinkle in his eyes, said he would be pleased to see Captain Clawson's Lancers charge Captain Lot Smith's company of ''Minute Men."

This order was soon carried into effect. The Lancers had no Phil Margetts, 1892.

more than reached the front ranks of the "Minute Men"when the latter drew their sabres, parried off the bristling lances, and then gently pricked the Lancer's fiery steeds with the points of their sabres. The Lancers, not accustomed to riding bucking

horses, dropped their lances, and grabbed the horns of their saddles with both hands.

While the band was playing, "Hail Columbia, Happy Land,"through a cloud of dust could be seen sixty different streaks of red, white, and blue, closely followed by Lot Smith.. Within five minBorn May 15, 1830; died June navy blue

21, 1892.) utes from the time this heroic

678 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

charge was made, the organization known as Clawson's Lancers were completely chased out of existence.

During the fall and winter of 1856, many of the "Minute

Men"passed through hardships that few persons could have endured. This was the handcart season, when so many emigrants

perished from cold and hunger. The last handcart company that

season, numbering about six hundred, were rescued by a party of these young heroes on the Sweetwater, near where it flows through

The Devil's Gate, in Wyoming, on the Sweetwater.

(From Liverpool to Salt Lake.)

Devil's Gate, Wyoming. Nearly onethird of these pilgrims died

before reaching Salt Lake valley. Three of our brave young men,

under twenty years of age, carried on their backs upwards of five hundred of these freezing people across the Sweetwater river, breaking the ice before them as they waded from shore to shore.

At that time they contracted colds that finally terminated in their

OUR PIONEER BOYS. 679

deaths. When President Brigham Young heard of this heroic act,

he wept like a child, and declared that this act alone would immortalize them. Their names are, George W. Grant, C. Allen

Huntington, and David P. Kimball.

It would take volumes to place properly before the people all the, heroic acts performed by our early in- "iJI day pioneer boys. They were

'struments in the hands of the Lord in making it possible for the *J thousands of emigrants, who came to Utah in early days, to dwell in

i 1 "B peace in these valleys of the mountains. These boys were naturally

intelligent, honest, truthful, viriliiiiUm tuous. Godfearing and as tender-

v.vfc

C. A. Huntington.

hearted as children. Of course,

they were somewhat rough, as they had but little time to attend school, and to enjoy the comforts of home life. Most

of them were good storytellers and could almost, make one's hair stand on end, while relating their experiences. They were a

cheerful lot of fellows, under the most trying circumstances, and not a word of complaint was ever heard to come from their lips.

It is remarkable, in view of David P. Kimball.

conditions, how few of them lost (Photo, by C. R. Savage. 1877.)

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

their lives, either in Indian fights or by accident. It seemed like

the powers of heaven were watching over them. Hundreds

of times they took their lives in their own hands, while braving the dangers they were almost constantly passing through.

They did their work cheerfully and without remuneration. The

most of them also performed foreign missions, and were very successful in bringing souls to repentance.

This generation of Latterday Saints will never fully appreGeorge W. Grant.

elate what our pioneer boys have done towards the establishment of the Church in these valleys and the founding of homes, until the books spoken of in John the Revelator shall have been opened. When the dead,

small and great, shall stand before God, to be judged according to their works, these brave "Mormon"boys, a few of whom are still with us, will undoubtedly be found in the front ranks among the noble and great ones "which Wm. B. Dougall, Jasper Conrad

came out of great tribulaand S. F. Kimball, just returned

tion."from Black Hawk War, July,

1866.

Salt Lake City, Utah. (Photo, by C. R. Savage.)

(to be continued.)

SOME UTAH BIRDS.

BY CLAUDE T. BARNES, M. S. P. R,, MEMBER NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AUDUBON SOCIETY.

2—THE REDWING BLACKBIRD-

{Agelaius Phoeniceus.)

One bright day last April, when I was listening with eagerness for the songs of newlyarrived feathered friends,there jumped up suddenly, from the plashy bottom of a willowy marsh by the roadside, a lustrous, redwinged blackbird which at once alighted on the top of a cat's-tail and sang with delightful intonation his song: "Guglug-gee-e-e-e-e-e-e!"

As he was the herald of the most charming season of the year,

I did not injure him, but crouched low beside the rushes, even wetting my feet in the fenny ground, and watched with gladness the handsome fellow as he gave forth his beloved, deep, swampy note of Spring. Soon, bits of black and red appeared elsewhere,

in the morass; but there were no birds of lighter color, streaked

with brown—a fact which told me, immediately, that the females

had not yet arrived.

In sloughs, beside the railway tracks, in the marshes of the fields, in the willows and rushes of ponds and river banks—in fact,

anywhere, in Utah, where the ground is swampy and grasses, cat tails or willows plentiful, there also is the redwing blackbird joining his gurgling song with the harsh but musical croak of the big, spotted frog.

Perhaps every boy in Utah who is old enough to ramble alone through the meadow, knows a male redwing, when he sees it; but few recognize the female when she is alone.

The male bird is lustrous, velvetblack, burnished with a metal682 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

lie greenish reflection. On the bend or shoulder of each wing is

a patch of vermilionred, and just behind this, a tinge of brownishyellow. This red and buff, at the bends of the wings, are the

only markings that relieve the otherwise uniform velvetblack of the male bird.

The female is not black, but, above, brown streaked with ruRed-Wingtd Blackbird.

Upper figure, Male; Lower figure, Female.

fous and yellowish, and beneath, white streaked with brown. The

upper part of the throat, one stripe above, and one below, each eye, are brownishyellow.

In both the male and female redwing, the bill is large and stout, and the tail much rounded. In size, each is a little smaller

than a robin, though, when held in hand, the male blackbird, especially, is seen to be more slender and trim.

SOME UTAH BIRDS 683

In the Utah fen, is sometimes seen two other blackbirds the yellowheaded {Xanthocephalus icterocephalus) and Brewer's blackbird {Seolecophagus cyanocephalus). The latter is black all

over, and is quite common, though no more interesting than a young crow.

The blackbirds belong to a notable family—the orioles

(ideridce). The bobolink, the cowbird, the meadow lark, Bullock's

oriole C'the hang bird") and the grackles are all close relatives.

The redwinged blackbird is found all over the United States;

and specimens I have examined, taken from the back water sloughs of the upper Mississippi, the marshes of South Chicago and the swamps of the Huron river at Ann Arbor, are identical in coloration with those taken in the fens of our own state.

The male redwings arrive in April, take possession of the tops of poplars or other tall trees near their regular nesting ground, and chant a chorus so sweet in its peculiar cadences, so deep, penetrating and paludal that, even at a distance of a mile or more, one listens with rapture, and walks filled with an exquisite sense of Spring.

To Thoreau, the redwing sang "Conk-a-ree!"; and Emerson

said: The redwing flutes his "0-kalee."

Chapman describes his song as "Kongquer-ree;"Gibson,

"Gloogl-eee"and another, "Guglug-geee."All decide that the

chant has three syllables, and ends in "e."I have, however,

while haymaking in the meadow, listened for hours to a concert given by a row of redwings perched along the telegraph wires, and have concluded that their songs consist of such delicious, swampy, fluty gurgles that words cannot adequately express them.

Matthews writes the redwings song in musi thus

Twice 8. P > f w—'—w——d—id————ii————Sesej

Gug - lug - gee -e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e!

If, however, when blossoms and green are filling one's heart with serenity and gladness, a magnificent redwing suddenly appear..

684 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

and flute his "0-kalee,"the song will never be forgotten, but rather cherished as the sign that nature is once more budding in loveliness A week or so after the arrival of the males, the females appear; and in May the nesting season begins.

The nests are usually neatly woven cups consisting, on the outside, of rough grasses or weeds, lined on the inside with finer materials of the same nature, or with sedges. Of course, the nest

is always built either over standing or running water, or on boggy ground. Sometimes, the outer part is strongly interwoven with

reeds, which support it; sometimes, the whole nest is pensile like

that of the Bullock's oriole, being suspended from the crotch of a

Nest of RedWinged Blackbird.

willow or sapling limb; and, again, it may be on the ground in a

clump of grass.

The eggs average about an inch in length; and are of a lightbluish cast, lined, blotched and marbled, at the larger ends, with

light, purple and black.

The male bird, which mates with more than one female, seems like Argus, to have a hundred eyes, so vigilant is he in protecting his nests. If an intruder get too n,ear, he dashes about close overSOME UTAH BIRDS. 685

head, and remonstrates,with almost frightening persistence, against the danger to his domain. If the nest be destroyed, he is in great

distress for days, but soon builds another in the same place.

After raising one or two broods, the birds gather, in August, into flocks; and, at this time, they are more than ordinarily varied

in appearance, as young birds, which at first resemble the mother, do not get cheir full plumage until the third Summer. As Autumn

approaches, the blackbirds gather in immense numbers previous to their migrations southward. Last fall, I saw a flock of about

four thousand individuals gleaning in a grainfield a half mile north of the Rio Grand Western station at Kaysville.

Though much has been said against the redwinged blackbirds, they are, on the whole, a benefit to the farmer. In March, April,

May, June and July, they feed almost exclusively on obnoxious insects, the number that they destroy in a single season in the

United States, being estimated by Wilson to be twelve thousand million! In fact, insects constitute about one fourth of the redwing's yearly food. In June it eats, largely, weevils, snout beetles, snails and crustaceans. At other times, it feeds on army

worms, crane flies, white grubs, root borers, ants, chinch bugs, root worms, root lice, and green locusts. There is a species of

cutworm (carncedes rubefadalis) which is ruinous to swampy grass lands; but if the blackbird is near, the pest is soon done away

with. Like the meadow lark, the blackbird gormandizes on grasshoppers when that delicacy is in season.

In winter, the redwing exists mostly on weed seed, ragweed, barn grass, and smartweed being eaten regularly from August until April. In fact, it seldom injures the barnyard or orchard; and

it prefers weed seed to grain. The young are fed exclusively on

insects such as plant lice, grub worms, cut worms, earth worms and caterpillars. Of course, the blackbird eats some green corn

and standing grain; but my observations lead me to believe that

most of the grain which it takes is gleaned from the fields after the reaper has gone.

Charming reminder of spring, the handsome ornament of swamps and sloughs, benefactor of man, the lustrous redwing ought to sing, undisturbed, his "0-kalee."

Salt Lake City. Utah.

SELFCOINTROL.

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

2.—THE CRIMES OF THE TONGUE.

The second most deadly instrument of destruction is the dyfirst is the human tongue. The gun merely killsnamite gun,—the

bodies; the tongue kills reputations and, ofttimes, ruins characters.

Each gun works alone; each loaded tongue has a hundred accomplices. The havoc of the gun is visible at once. The full evil of

the tongue lives through all the years; even the eye of Omniscience

might grow tired in tracing it to its finality.

The crimes of the tongue are words of unkindness, of anger, of malice, of envy, of bitterness, of harsh criticism, gossip, lying and scandal. Theft and murder are awful crimes, yet in any single

year the aggregate sorrow, pain and suffering they cause in a nation is microscopic when compared with the sorrows that come from the crimes of the tongue. Place in one of the scalepans of

Justice the evils resulting from the acts of criminals, and in the other the grief and tears and suffering resulting from the crimes of respectability, and you will start back in amazement as you see the scale you thought the heavier shoot high in air.

At the hands of thief or murderer few of us suffer, even indirectly. But from the careless tongue of friend, the cruel tongue

of enemy, who is free? No human being can live a life so true

so fair, so pure, as to be beyond the reach of malice, or immune from the poisonous emanation of envy. The insidious attacks

against one's reputation, the loathsome innuendoes, slurs, halflies,

*From SelfControl; Its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905 by

Fleming H. Reveil Company.

SELFCONTROL. 687

by which jealous mediocrity seeks to ruin its superiors, are like those insect parasites that kill the heart and life of a mighty oak.

So cowardly is the method, so stealthy the shooting of the poisoned thorns, so insignificant the separate acts in their seeming, that one is not on guard against them. It is easier to dodge an elephant than a microbe.

In Lordon they have recently formed an AntiScandal League.

The members promise to combat in every way in their power "the prevalent custom of talking scandal, the terrible and unending consequences of which are not generally estimated."

Scandal is one of the crimes of the tongue, but it is only one.

Every individual who breathes a word of scandal is an active stockholder in a society for the spread of moral contagion. He is instantly punished by Nature by having his mental eyes dimmed to

sweetness and purity, and his mind deadened to the sunlight and glow: of charity. There is developed a wondrous, ingenious perversion of mental vision by which every act of others is explained

and interpreted from the lowest possible motives. They become

like certain carrion flies, that pass lightly over acres of rosegardens, to feast on a piece of putrid meat. They have developed

a keen scent for the foul matter upon which they feed.

There are pillows wet by sobs; there are noble hearts broken

in the silence whence comes no cry of protest; there are gentle,

sensitive natures seared and warped; there are oldtime friends

separated and walking their lonely ways with hope dead and memory but a pang; there are cruel misunderstandings that make all

life look dark,—these are but a few of the sorrows that come from

the crimes of the tongue.

A man may lead a life of honesty and purity, battling bravely for all he holds dearest, so firm and sure of the rightness of his life. that he never thinks for an instant of the diabolic ingenuity

that makes evil and evil report where naught but good really exists. A few words lightly spoken by the tongue of slander, a

significant expression of the eyes, a cruel shrug of the shoulders, then, friendly hands grow cold, thewith a pursing of the lips,—and

accustomed smile is displaced by a sneer, and one stands alone and aloof with a dazed feeling of wonder at the vague, intangible something that has caused it all.

688 iMPRO VEMENT ERA.

For this craze for scandal, sensational newspapers of today are largely responsible. Each newspaper is not one tongue, but a

thousand or a million tongues, telling the same foul story to as many pairs of listening ears. The vultures of sensationalism scent

the carcass of immorality afar off. From the uttermost parts of

the earth they collect the sin, disgrace and folly of humanity, and show them bare to the world. They do not even require /ads, for

morbid memories and fertile imaginations make even the worst of the world's happenings seem tame when compared with their monstrosities of invention. These stories, and the discussions they excite, develop in readers a cheap, shrewd power of distortion of the

acts of all around them.

If a rich man give a donation to some charity, they say: "He

is doing it to get his name talked about,—to help his business."

If he give it anonymously, they say, "Oh, it's some millionaire who is clever enough to know that refraining from giving his name will pique curiosity; he will see that the public is informed later."

If he do not give to charity, they say: "Oh, he's stingy with his

money, of course, like the rest of the millionaires."To the vile

tongue of gossip and slander. Virtue is ever deemed but a mask,

noble ideals but a pretense, generosity a bribe.

The man who stands above his fellows must expect to be the target for the envious arrows of their inferiority. It is part of

the price he must pay for his advance. One of the most detestable characters in all literature is lago. Envious of the promotion

of Cassio above his head, he hated Othello. His was one of those

low natures that become absorbed in sustaining his dignity, talking of "preserving his honor,"—forgetting it has so long been dead

that even embalming could not preserve it. Day by day lago dropped his poison; day by day did subtle resentment and studied

vengeance distill the poison of distrust and suspicion into more powerfully insidious doses. With a mind wonderfully concentrated

by the blackness of his purpose, he wove a network of circumstantial evidence around the purehearted Desdemona, and then murdered her vicariously, by the hand of Othello. Her very simplicity, confidence, innocence and artlessness made Desdemona the

easier mark for the diabolic tactics of lago.

lago still lives in the hearts of thousands, who have all his

SELFCONTROL. 689

despicable meanness without his cleverness. The constant dropping

of their lying words of malice and envy have in too many instances at last worn away the noble reputations of their superiors.

To sustain ourselves in our own hasty judgments we sometimes say, as we listen, and accept without investigation, the words of these modern lagoes: "Well, where there is so much smoke,

there must be some fire."Yes, but the fire may be only the fire

of malice, the incendiary firing of the reputation of another by the lighted torch of envy, thrown into the innocent facts of a life of superiority.

(to be continued.)

''CAST THY BREAD UPON THE WATERS."

(ecclesiastbs 11: 1.)

{For the Improvement Era.)

"Cast thy bread upon the waters,"

Sow the Savior's priceless seed.

Soothe one's sorrow, feed the hungry,

Clothe the poor who are in need.

Charity is love's sweet mission.

Springing from the heart's desire, 'Tis the grace of thy redemption,

Lighted by celestial fire

"Cast thy bread upon the waters,"

Let thy giving cheerful be In the cycle of God's blessings, 'Twill return in love to thee.

Mercy shall return in mercy.

Love with love obtain reward;

As thou givest to another.

Is thy measure from the Lord.

J. L. TOWNSEND.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF ''ADDED UPON,""mARCUS KING,'"the CASTLE BUILDER,"ETC.

IX.

ELDER DONALDSON'S STORY.

It was time that Elder Donaldson should draw his London visit to a close and return to his field of labor, Willard had spent a number of days with him visiting historic places of interest. On

the last day of Elder Donaldson's stay in the big city, he and Willard were sitting on a bench in St. James'Park looking at the children feeding the swans in the lake. The feeling of spring was in

the air. The sun was warm. The grass had a newgreen color.

The early flowers were breaking through the soil, and a few birds were twittering in the trees.

"When visiting these beauty spots in the general ugliness of

English cities,"said Willard, "I have often wondered how grass and flowers can thrive amidst so much smoke and fog.''

"That they do is a wise provision of nature,"said his companion.

"Look at those children!"exclaimed Willard. "Their bare

legs are blue with cold. The knees are among the tenderest parts

of the body—most susceptible to the cold—and yet these children,

to be correctly dressed, must have bare legs. I think it is most

ridiculous."

"And cruel,"added Elder Donaldson. "The mothers and

the nurses are usually heavily clad. I have seen mothers dressed

in furs, while their little children were running with bare legs beside isn't what I want to talk to you about this them—but that

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 691

afternoon. I asked you to sit down here that I might tell you a

if you care to hear it."story—my story;

"I shall be on."delighted—go

"Well,"began Elder Donaldson, "I have told none of the elders my story, but I want to tell it to you. I was your first

companion in the field, and I think you took a special liking to me.""True, Brother—first love, you know."

The other smiled. "Well, as I have some good news from

home, I must tell it to somebody; and I know of no one that I

would rather tell it to than you. But for you to understand and

appreciate any good news, I must tell you something that will lead up to it."The hum of the great city was all about them, but as the elders talked they lived again in other and faraway scenes.

"Perhaps you did not know that my father is a rich man,"said Elder Donaldson.

"No; I did not know that,"was the reply.

"Well, he is. Let me tell jou about it. When they were

married, father and mother were both Latterday Saints. I shall

not say good Latterday Saints, because father was not very energetic in the performance of his religious duties; but mother—

well, she has been true all along, bless her dear heart. * * *

Father was very successful in his business ventures. He was keen

and shrewd. Year after year he became better off, and year after

year he devoted more of his time to money making and less to religious duties. Then he made so much money that he could not

pay one tenth of it to the Lord. Strange, isn't it, that it is so

much easier to pay tithing on one hundred dollars than it is on ten thousand? "Father was called on a mission, but he refused to go. His

interests were too large, he said. Mother felt this refusal keenly.

Then one thing followed another—I shall not go into details—until

father became openly bitter against the Church. I was fifteen

years old when he was cut off from the Church. I was not old

enough to fully realize the true nature of that which was going on, but I remember distinctly what the feeling was, and how my sister and I mingled our tears with those of our mother.

692 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"I was at an age when I resented that which had brought such sorrow into our home, and I listened to father and his denunciations of the Church and its leaders; but when I talked with

mother, there was quite a different feeling. I noticed the difference. I felt better when with mother. She had taught us—my

sister Amy and me—always to say our prayers; and now she urged

us never to forget them, which I never did. I think that was a

great help to me.

"Well, the years went by. Father prospered. He built one

of the finest houses in the city. My sister and I went to school

and had everything we needed. There was one good trait in

father, and that was that he never interfered with mother's religious duties. She could go to meeting as often as she liked. We

had plenty of help in the house and so he was not neglected by mother's absence.

"When I became older, I quietly investigated the cause of father's fall, and I found that the authorities were justified, and that father was in the wrong. I went to Sunday school and to

Mutual, and the gospel become to me a dear thing. My sister

usually went with me, but she did not take the interest that I did.

"I married when I was twentytwo. I was rather young, I will

admit, but I married a good 'Mormon'girl, and I can see now that it was a Godsend to me. Father opposed my marrying so young.

He said I ought to get a good start in life first, get established in business, and all that. T worked in father's office on a salary, and

he said I would have to live.on that salary for some time. I was

perfectly willing to do that, and the girl was willing also.

"We were married in the Temple, too. Father didn't say

much, but we surmised that he was angered.

"Well, three months afterwards I received a call to go on a mission. I took the letter home and showed it to Lucy, my wife,

and, of course, we cried a little over it. What should I do? All

that I had been able to save had gone into the little house which

I had purchased and furnished. We had nothing but my salary,

which, of course, would stop the day I left the oflice. Help from

father was out of the question.

"I took the letter to mother. I could see she was pleased.

'Answer the call by saying yes,'she said, and the Lord will bless

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 693

you. What does Lucy say?''She also says that I should go,'I

replied. 'Bless her dear, brave heart,'said my mother. And so

it was decided.

"I have never seen father so angry as when I told him about it. He raved and swore. Who would support me and my wife?

he thunderod. Not he! Not a cent would I get from him. Let

the Church support its own!

"Well, in due time I answered the letter, saying that I should be ready whenever the authorities wanted me. I was given three

months to prepare. I didn't know how T was to get along, but I

trusted that the Lord would open the way.

"Father didn't give in an inch. He didn't give me a dollar

over my wages when I drew my last check, although he could have given me a thousand dollars and not missed it. The ward gave me

the regulation benefit party. The Saints knew pretty well the

true condition of affairs, and they turned out loyally. The social

netted me nearly a hundred dollars, which paid my fare over here and gave me a little over. I've been here now over two years,

and I have received twenty dollars from home regularly each month. I don't know for sure how it is raised, but believe

mother and Lucy manage it between them.

"My sister Amy is three years younger than L She, about the time I left, took a notion that she wanted to go to California to visit some friends of father's. Father humored her and let her

go. She was also to do some studying, of course; but, I fear that

has been sadly neglected. Mother tells me in her letters that she

has done nothing but call for money while she has been away, and father does not like the tone of her letters. Let me read you

what mother says in one of her letters."

Elder Donaldson took from his pocket a letter and from it read: "'The other day I placed your last letter and one that I had received from Amy on your father's table together, and then I made it a point to be in the room while he read them both. I said

nothing, but watched him over my work. There was a frown on

his face at Amy's sharp and not too respectful sentences, but when he read your letter the hard lines softened. After reading it, he

lay back in his chair with closed eyes. I was busy with my work.

.

694 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

humming an old tune over it. Then I saw him read your letter

over again. These may be only straws, my dear boy; but they are

hopeful signs. He cannot help but see the difference between one

who is surrounded with and is partaking of the world, and one who is devoting his time and energy to preaching the gospel.'

''Well,"continued the speaker, "it seems that just the difference in mine and Am/s letters set father to thinking. I have

always aimed to be cheerful in mind, and have told of what the

Lord has done for me day by day; and never once have I mentioned money to him, or asked him for any.

"And now, this is what my last letter from Lucy tells me hold me or I might get up and shout: Amy has been home three

months, and she now wants to come to Europe. Father has said

she can take the trip, provided Lucy will come with her. If Lucy

will do that he will pay all the expenses. Will Lucy come? Well

I think so! They sail from Boston on the fifteenth of next month

What do you think of that?"

Elder Donaldson put his arms around his fellow missionary and gave him a good, hard hug, uttering cries of glee, at which a dignified lady just passing became so startled that her glasses dropped from her nose.

"I am very, very glad for your sake,''said Willard. "You

have filled a good mission, and now to finish it up with a tour of

Europe in the company of wife and sister, what could be finer?"

"Yes, it will be glorious,"said the happy man in a quiet tone of voice. I wish you could go with us."

"Thank you for your kind wish,"said Willard.

"There's another girl coming with them, I understand,"remarked Elder Donaldson. "She is going to Berlin to study music

is her name? I can't re-—one of my wife's acquaintances—what

member."He looked again at his letter. "Oh, yes. Wells is her

name, Grace Wells."

"Grace Wells?"

"That's the name. Do you know her?"

"Well, I—I don't know. I used to know a girl by that name,

but likely this is not she. Yet, she is a musician, and I know she

used to talk of finishing her musical education in Berlin."

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 695

"Well, old boy, we'll meet them at the Liverpool Landing

Stage, and then you'll find out."

"I don't know whether I shall or not."

"Now look here, Willard, you're going to accept my treat to you. I've already spoken to the president about it, and he says

it s ail right for you to take a little trip to Liverpool. I'll see

that your fare and your expenses are paid. Father is rich, you

know,"he laughed.

"I shall be pleased to meet your wife and sister, but I have my doubts whether or not Grace Wells would be pleased to see me.""Ah, old boy, a little romance back of it, is there?"

Willard laughed goodnaturedly, but did not reply. The afternoon sun lay low in the hazy west. The swans were seeking their

nests for the night. The children were going home, and so the

two missionaries also sauntered out of the park into Pall Mall and then into Trafalgar Square where they took a bus for home.

Elder Donaldson was happy and talkative. Willard was not

talkative, and he hardly knew whether he was happy or uneasy.

Perhaps there was a little of both in his feelings. Was Grace

Wells coming to England? Would he meet her? and what would

be the result of that meeting? These, with many questions akin

to these, went through his mind as he rode on top of the bus through the crowded London streets.

[to be continued.]

MY COUNTRY'S FLAG.

(For the Improvement Era.)

in times of peace, My country's flag—our pride

Our inspiration in the hour of war,

Whose glorious march of freedom shall not cease, 'Till every land shall point in thee a star

Thy patriot sons peculiarly we are.

In every heart thy cause is magnified,

Remembering our pilgrim sires afar "Who gave thee, streaming from yon mountain side,

In freedom's noble name, dominion far and wide.

Salt Lake City. Utah. Theo. E Cur tis.

ALL IS WELL! ALL IS WELL!

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

[Author's Note.—yhen the Latterday Saints started their pilgrimage

across the Westfrn plains, in 1847, one of their poets put his sorrows and longings into song; and this hymn was sung around their campfires, at

their merrymakings, and at the open graves on the lonely Platte. It is often still a

part of the Sabbath service of the Saints, and its words bring memories to the old and reflections to the young. Its title, "All is well,"expresses their

resignation and supreme trust in the providences of God.]

It was in the early fifties. The heated breath of the August

sun pressed hotly upon the parched surface of the unnamed western plains. The baked earth stretched away from the distant,

sluggish waters of the Platte river. Not even the stubble of

grass rose up from the earth's crust, for summer and drouth had buried, without requiem, every tiny blade and spear.

The long train of smokedraped wagons had been moving slowly since long before the eastern sun had arisen above the flat horizon. Two by two they shambled along, the wagons lolling

to and fro under the strain of the lumbering feet of the oxen.

The beasts were thinflanked, and hollow with sparse food and scant water. But on they trudged; not one step faster nor slower

for the whistle of the lithe and longlashed whip which occasionally flecked their toughened hides. "Haw"they knew, and

"gee"they knew, as the stinging lash flew to right or left of ear;

but speed was to their strong and steady muscles a callous mystery.

As the train gradually rose on the undulating crest of another swale, the eye of the leader saw in the clear distance a faint promise of a stream of water, silhouetted against the horizon by

"ALL IS WELL! ALL LS WELL!''697

scraggy "cottonwoods,"themselves little more than a fringe in the line where grey sky met grey earth. "Rut it was surely water;

and from his throat there sprung a cry of joy, which vibrated swiftly from point to point until the hindmost vehicle had received the cheering news. And then, as hope flooded both eye and heart

of all in the dusty train, the lips of a woman, with shrill but pleasing vigor, sent forth the notes of a song. A hundred voices

caught up the melody, and the undulating music floated back, reaching the last poor wagon with its two lonely occupants:

Come, come, ye Saints, no toil nor labor fear,

But with joy wend your way;

Though hard to you, this journey may appear,

Grace shall be as your day.

'Tis better far for us to strive,

Our useless cares from us to drive

Do this, and joy your hearts will swell

All is well! All is well!

The toiling feet of the man behind the rear wagon, tingled faintly in response to the rhythmic suggestion of the broken music.

But his throat was too dry, the strength of his limbs too far spent for his voice to rise above his heart. Yet even his fevered eyes

misted with sudden springs of hope renewed as the boy beside him sang out the refrain lustily:

All is well! All is well!

"I jest b'leave our old oxen know that song, daddy, for when it's sung they pick up their old feet and try to keep up with the other wagons."

The man smiled faintly in response to the boy's enthusiasm, and said quietly, "Ay, ay, lad. So 'tis, I'm sure. More'n one poor dying soul

has kept spirit in body by the chord that song fastens between them. 'Tis a good song, lad, a good song. But they should sing

it all. Sing it all."

Only the three verses floated back to them fitfully, as the wagons turned a long curve in the faintly marked road.

"I love the last verse best,"said the man feebly, as he struggled to keep pace with the quicker step of the boy.

698 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Why do you like that verse so well, daddy? It makes me

cry. It jest brings up my mammy's face to me, and I see her

buried beside that muddy Missouri river, and the choir a-singing that last verse, until I can't stand it no longer, I jest can't."

The boy dropped his whip while trying to rub the flowing tears with his rough sleeve. The man beside him whispered huskily,

"Never mind. Tommy, lad; don't 'ee mind. I don't feel it so.

BuJ; it'll not hurt ye any more, if I can help it. Mammy was glad

to lay down and rest. Tommy, even if the river is far from 'us, and

furder from home in bonny England. But there, lad, sometimes

pappy gets tired, too, and then I loves to hear some one tune up thet there song; it mellers me to the bone, it does."

The faint, quavering voice of the invalid began its own interpretation of the hymn, but the tone was far more lively than it would otherwise have been, because of the tiny mourner beside him, and although the first three verses were trolled out pretty bravely, the fourth was left unsung.

The boy joined lustily in the hymn with his father, and together they so inspired the weary feet of their animals, as well as their own weaker bodies, that the green cottonwoods of the tiny stream on the horizon was reached by the foremost wagons before the song was ended.

The merry company were all anxious to help each other, and a dozen sprang towards the stream with cups eager to offer each other a drink of the insipid, but gratefully accepted water, flowing by the cottonwoods.

The oxen drank thirstily and long, the minutes stretching out into an hour, were consumed in satisfying the slow appetites of the patient carriers. Men threw themselves down upon the

bank for a short rest in the cooling shade, and women climbed out of the vehicles, while the children swarmed over the wagon tonguris. A patient, but quick search gave no promise of growing wild berries: and the hunters reported few signs of wild animals. But the grateful shade and the refreshing water were

delightful enjoyments in the morning's travel.

"When do we reach the tops of the rocky mountains?"queried a browneyed, dimpledcheeked lassie, for the hundredth time

that morning.

.:

''ALL IS WELL! ALL IS WELL!"699

"Ah girl, ye have plagued me enough wi'that question,"responded her father. "It may be a week, it may be two; it

depends altogether upon teams and weather."

The girl turned swiftly away, the eagerness in her face giving slow place to quiet resignation.

The large company of emigrants, for such they were, looked very tired, and some were illy fitted to bear the long and arduous journey. They were fleeing from the outposts of civilization to the

unexplored West to find religious freedom. The leader of the

company saw the disappointment in the face of the girl who had questioned, as he also detected the growing spirit of discouragement in his halfnourished party. But he was a born leader, and

he knew the one sure and innocent remedy for their ills "Maggie,"he called to the girl, "we are going to have a dancing party tonight, for we will camp beside a better stream than this, and there's grass there, enough to be used as a carpet to dance upon. For we shall reach the Sweetwater tonight. So

engage you, Miss Maggie, to dance the first quadrille. Shall it

be Dan Tucker?"

The girl shot a merry glance at a young man near by, who was putting the yoke upon his oxen, with always an eye in her direction, and she answered gaily, "Indeed, and it's me you can have for your first partner.

Elder Snow;"so saying, she gaily flung the leader a short courtesy

and then danced out to a group of girls coming down the road to tell them the good news of the night.

The boy driving the rear wagon, just then came up with grateful eyes fastened upon the somewhat sluggish stream, which trickled its muddy way between the cottonwoods.

"Here, Tommy,"called Maggie, hurrying to them with her cup, "here's a drink of water for your father; its wet, and 'deed,

that's about all ye may say for it."

The man drank eagerly and much. But the warm liquid did

not cool nor satisfy the fevered thirst "Daddy,"called the boy from the wagon, "I'm bringing ye the big quilt; and ye shall lay down a bit, and rest ye while I

get the oxen 'tended."

The sick man slid along the grateful comfort of the im700 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

provised couch and laid his burning brow beneath the shelter of the scanty cottonwoods. He had no complaints to offer, he was

filled with great waves of thanksgiving and unsung praises to that

Providence which had given him shelter in the heated desert.

Emigrant Camp at Wood River.

(From Liverpool to Salt Lake.)

About him surged the chatter and council of the camp; and

then presently, at the word from the leader, these travelers quickly gathered up their scattered forces, and lumbering as swiftly as might be into the regular order of march, they were soon winding out upon the dry and burning plain once more.

"Tommy,"said the sick man, as the wagons were leaving, "you yoke right up, and foiler along wi'the train. Let daddy lie

here and rest a bit. 'Twill do me good, lad, and I will get into

camp tonight.all right. So don't worry about me, lad, but jest

be glad daddy can have so joyful a place to rest in. Eh, lad?"

"Ah, bu.t daddy, ye must have yer dinner."

"Ye can leave a bite, and a cup to drink the water. But I

am not much in the way o'eatin', lad."

"Oh, daddy, I wish ye'd jest let me tell Elder Snow that we have nought left to put i'our mouths save a bit of corn,"whimpered the boy.

"Now Tommy, after you've been the brave lad to drive the ''ALL IS WELL! ALL IS WELL!''701

oxen, and to learn all these new American ways, and now ye give up in the very sight o'the hills o'Zion. Do ye not know that

very few i'the company hev any more nor we to eat? Jest a bit

o'American corn, and a cup to drink the cooling water. Give

me the last drink before ye go, and hurry on, lad, lest ye get too far behind the train. Ye know the oxen be very slow, lad, very

slow."The boy looked the uneasiness he felt, but his father assured him, and reassured him.

"I can walk the ten or twelve miles of yer day's journey, in a very short time, Tommy; ye mind how good on the walkin'daddy

always was. Tommy. Go on, lad, now go."

The boy hurried away at last, for he also feared to get too far behind the train. His father had sometimes lingered like

this, and he knew the day's journey, as traveled by the heavy oxen, was not much of a tramp for a well taught Englishman. And so

he drove on.

The sun burned the boy's flesh through his coarse shirt; and the

parched air soon drank up the moisture he had imbibed so eagerly at the halting place. He was very lonely, and he was also farther

behind than usual, because of his parley with his father. But he

told himself again and again, as the moulten hours rolled away, that he was very glad that daddy was resting beside the shady stream, and he knew he could catch the camp in good bedtime, and still rest through the worst of the hot day.

Chimney Rock, Wyoming.

(From Liverpool to Salt Lake.)

7 02 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

The night was almost as sultry as the day had been. But

when the wagons at the Sweetwater drew slowly around the circular space for their camp—each wagontongue pointed outward,

while the front wheel of the hind wagon grappled the back wheel of the one in front, thus making an almost impervious corral for the cattle—the evening star was already bright in the west. The

tents were soon up, surrounding the wagoncircle, and the scant supper was not long in preparing, nor in being disposed of.

Then out came the fiddle belonging to the slender little man with dark, artistically mellowed eyes; and, hugging it lovingly,

he climbed up. on the central wagon. Holding it to his knee,

he softly tried the vibrant strings. The small, redbrown.instrument had been to this English artist a singing violin, with sigh

and laughter hidden in its rotund body; but now, out on the long

untrodden plains of America, surrounded with a band of heartweary, bodyweak religious pilgrims, who required the occasional refreshment of innocent pleasure,he made of his darling instrument a common fiddle, with an uncommon tone, however, running through the jangling strains of "Arkansas Traveler,"or the Scotch Reel.

His fingers twanged and swirled, in and out, the notes dancing on the ear with such sympathetic inspiration that feet were tingling and bodies were swaying, almost before the caller could shout into the startled ears of the desert night:

"Choose your partners for the first quadrille!"

And hearts forgot to sigh, hunger was lost in merriment, and around that grassy ring there flew three score of happy, pounding feet.

"Balance to the right,"and the girl—Maggie—turned her

coquetish shoulders upon her first partner while she courtesied to the gentleman on her left. "And now with the left,"shouted

the caller, and again the "cool shoulder"was given, as a quick turn brought another swain to sue for circling favor. "Hal'a mon

left, "calls the prompter, with sharp American idiom, and the rosycheeked girl can now scarcely tear her hand from the vicelike grasp of the young fellow she has thrown over, to dance the first "set'* witli the leader of the company. But no response she gives

the youth, but a dimpling, uptossed cheek, as the sprite "All romenades"with her first partner.

''ALL LS WELL! ALL LS WELL!''703

That "set"and another, and still another, does the rosy

Maggie dance, for she trips about upon the difficult sward with featherlike grace, and all the lads are eager for her partnership, to tread the merry changes. At last the sterneyed youth swings

up to claim her as his own, when a childish voice calls out of the darkness "Miss Maggie! Miss Maggie!"The girl turns quickly.

"That is Tommy,"she breathed, with half frightened accent.

"I wonder if there's anything wrong at his wagon."

The girl reached out and drew the tenyear-old child into the light of the unclouded moon, and putting her arms closely about him she asked, "Now, Tommy dear, speak up, and tell me all thy business."

''Me father is not come into camp yet, Miss Maggie; and I do

be worrin'about 'im."

The girl called to the leader, "Elder Snow, Tommy says his father has not yet come into camp."The man addressed gave instant attention. The dance was

not altogether stopped, but a small posse of men were swiftly detailed to go back and find the missing man. Brandy and some

food were also taken, as it was not uncommon for the invalid to linger in the evening campingtime.

Maggie was bent on accompanying the party, and her lover, albeit somewhat sore and silent, because of her treatment of the day, was filled with joy at this decision. For he was chosen by

Elder Snow to head the searching party.

Maggie's mother and two other women joined the party, for sometimes the women were glad to have the change, and the quiet evening stroll.

They were very quiet and subdued, as they trailed their way rapidly back. But when they came upon their invalid companion,

not very far from camp, his own simple gratitude and trust dispelled their forebodings, and they broke once more into song and story as they trudged back to camp.

The dance was over, however, when they returned, and most of the people had disappeared within the shelter of the sagging wagon covers.

704 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Tommy was so overjoyed to see his father coming back to camp, that tired as was his little aching body, his spirit rose like a winged bird, and he joked and made merry all the while his father ate sparingly of the small portion of milk and parched corn left for his share.

Afterwards the father held the drooping body of his son against him for some moments in silent communion; and then, as

the tired head fell against his shoulder in quick slumber, he roused the child and bade him go into the wagon to his sleep.

The child sleepily obeyed; but the father sat on the wagon

tongae and watched the young couple in the wagon shadows near him, as they whispered long and delicious explanations of the day's misunderstandings into each other's happy ears.

He looked into the silent, brilliant heavens, through which the moon was swimming in seas of opalescent glory. Then, without any preamble, his weak voice began softly the singing of the

hymn they all loved so well. And as he sang, the English musician in the distant wagon whispered to himself,

"The tone, the tone is very thin and strident; but ah, the

soul! He has the soul of song. Could angels give it greater

meaning?'

Come, come, ye Saints, no toil nor labor fear.

But with joy wend your way;

Though hard to you, this journey may appear,

Grace shall be as your day.

'Tis better far for us to strive,

Our useless cares from us to drive

Do this and joy your hearts will swell

All is well! All is well

As the song grew, the voice strengthened, and throbbed with hidden meaning; the young couple s-anding absorbed in each other

drew hurried hands in clasp as the heartbreak in the voice smote their ears. Their voices hushed over the murmuring, as the

strains grew higher and freer:

Why should we mourn, or think our lot is hard?

'Tis not so; all is right!

Why should we think to earn a great reward,

If we now shun the fight?

''ALL IS WELL! ALL IS WELLr 705

Gird up your loins, fresh courage take;

Our God will never us forsake;

And soon we'll have this tale to tell

All is well! All is well

The boy in the wagon stirred uneasily, as if memory were parted 'twixt times when that song had cheered the weary hour and when it had been sounded as the knell above his poor mother's lonely grave. But he was very tired; and his father sang

on:

We'll find the place which God for us prepared,

Far away in the West;

Where none shall come to hurt, nor make afraid;

There the Saints will be blessed

We'll make the air with music ring

Shout praises to our God and King

Above the rest these words we'll tell

All is well! All is well!

The leader of the company stole out of the shadows, moved by the pathos of the gentle voice, and sat down on the wagontongue by the singer. He was inwardly stirred by some swift and

prophetic emotion. But like all strong men, he could not easily

voice his thoughts. And so he sat quietly by, while the voice

svrept slowly, surely on. His quick eye noted the silent, reverently

listening young couple near, and he also saw the curtains of a dozen nearby wagons softly lifted, while the inmates joined in spirit with that solitary voice. Surely the invalid had known a hard and

lonely day, to be so moved upon tonight; the leader resolved to

exercise a more careful oversight in the future over this lonely father and son. His own burdens were many as the bearer of the

whole, but he must add this particular care to his other general ones. He would speak about it in the morning. And so, each

listening heart carried on its own wave of thought or response, as was nature's own indubitable way.

But now, the father has paused a moment, to listen for any tiny call of protest which may come from the boy within his own wagon, before he begins the last verse; but the dusty, long and

wearyday Jiadsafe-locked the doors ofslumber for Tommy's tired eyes, and the man began the last verse, singing it very softly at.;

706 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

first, but letting all his worn spirit soar to God and wife, in the hope so sweetly couched in that closing verse:

And should we die before our journey's through,

Happy day! all is well!

We then are free from toil and sorrow too

With the just we shall dwell.

But if our lives are spared again their Saints see the To rest obtain,swell—this chorus we'll make how 0,

All is well! All is well!

And then, with the last floating notes the shadows of the night and sleep encompassed every weary soul, the invalid crept into his wagon, and even the lovers returned, and they, too, soon forgot their newborn joy in the solemn renewal of life and slumber.

When they called loudly to arouse the overtired Tommy from his boyish sleep, because the morning sun was once more springing up from the pinkishgray horizon, they found the father and son still, and resting. And when Tommy roused and looked upon

Great Salt Lake.

''ALL IS WELL! ALL IS WELL!"707

the white, still features of his father, and knew that he, too, was with God, the glory of the slightly parted lips, the peace in the softlysolemn features, hushed the frightened cry which gurgled to his throat, and he threw himself upon that quiet breast, sobbing gently, but, oh, so heartbrokenly, "Oh, daddy, daddy, all is well with you—nut, oh, daddy

daddy!"

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WAITING.

{Selected.)

Serene I fold my hands and wait,

Nor care for wind, or tide, or sea,

I rave no more 'gainst time or fate,

For lo! my own shall come to me.

I stay my haste, I make delays,

For what avails this eager pace?

I stand amid eternal ways And what is mine shall know my face.

Asleep, awake, by night or day.

The friends I seek are seeking me,

No wind can drive my bark astray.

Nor change the tide of destiny.

What matter if I stand alone?

I wait with joy the coming years;

My heart shall reap where it has sown,

And garner up its fruit of tears.

The waters know their own and draw,

The brooks that spring in yonder heights.

So flows the good with equal law,

Unto the soul of pure delights.

The stars come nightly to the sky,

The tidal wave unto the sea, Nor time, nor space, nor deep nor high

Can keep my own away from me.

John Burroughs.

1854.REMINISCENCES OF THE PIONEERS OF

BY LYDIA D. ALDER.

The spring of 1854 was as balmy, its verdure as delicate and green, as any perhaps that had preceded it, or has followed after.

The 18th of May, of that year, saw a company of about fifty leave

St. Louis on a fine, river steamer, their destination being the City

of the Saints. As the boat swung from its moorings, some who

had left their native shores, far o'er the sea, were softly singing:

All the way to Zion, all the way to Zion,

All the way to Zion, we'll follow thee.

A joy and peace that the world knows not of reigns in their hearts; the eye of faith already beholds Zion, the goal of their

hopes. The mighty Mississippi, in majesty and power, sweeps by

them; the spring driftwood, whirling in the foaming eddies, passes

them swiftly, now on this side, then on that, while at different points, stacked on the river's bank,are thousands of cords of wood.

Impressive as the scene may be by day, it is aweinspiring at night.

The red lights of the passing steamers, the sonorous bells answering each other; miles and miles of dense groves of trees; the blinking lights of the scattered habitations, all add to the solemnity of

the night. The loud clanging bells denote a stop. The gang plank

is run out, and scores of deck hands scramble, heavy laden, on shore, returning with freight, or stores of logs to feed the ever hungry engine.

Thus the days pass away, a song, a prayer at morning, a benediction in the evening. On the morning that the landing place is

reached all is excitement, all are full of hope. At last the Saints and

their belongings are scattered on the river's low bank, the steame

REMINISCENCES OF THE PIONEERS OF 1854. 709

hurries away, and for the first time a feeling of loneliness falls on them, as they watch her departure.

Ere nightfall a camp is formed some distance from the river, and preparations begun for the long journey across the

Western wilds.

The stay on Salt Creek is necessarily of some duration. For

this, the delayed arrival of the cattle and some of the outfittings is responsible. Everything is new and strange to them; so many

things to arrange, to get acquainted with, the cattle to name;

yokes to fit, wagons to load, everything to be gotten in readiness.

A few days after the arrival of the St. Louis party, another

steamer puffs up to the bank, and leaves a company of about the same number. A few of these are Saints from Nova Scotia, but the

most are from New Brunswick.

They choose to camp on the hill, overlooking the other camp, and the river. Apparently they are a healthy, strong people, of

kindly disposition, for many kind words were exchanged as they climb up the hill. As the smoke curls high from their campfires,

on the stilly evening air floats the melody of song:

Jesus mighty King in Zion, Thou alone our guide shall be.

Thy commission we rely on.

We will follow none but thee.

Those on the low land respond:

All the way to Zion, all the way to Zion,

All the way to Zion we'll follow thee.

Between was a funeral knell, that was wafted on the air from the upper camp, and somebody's loved one was laid to rest.

There are too many perplexities to meet, too much to be done, to sit down and weep, so the songs of Zion, mornings and evenings rise to God. Soon another funeral dirge sounds from the upper

camp, then it is whispered by ashy lips, "the cholera has broken out."So rapidly it spreads, that soon there are scarcely any left

who are able to lay away the dead. Consternation prevails in both

camps; then Brother James'little girl, six or seven years old, died

in the lower camp. Some kindly heart suggests, "has any one

a box suitable to place her in?"and a good English sister,

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

took her wardrobe out of the one she brought across the sea, and in it the little darling was laid tenderly away.

Sad to tell, as the days pass by, there is no respite from the

Destroyer. Nearly all those in the upper camp have died. A hole

is dug for each one, some kind hand rolls them up in the clothes they died in, and hides all away from mortal sight. Sometimes a

faint voice sings:

Farewell, all earthly honors, I bid you all adieu;

Farewell, all sinful pleasures,

I want no more of you.

I want my habitation On that eternal soil.

Beyond the power of Satan, Where sin can not defile.

But more often they were lowered to the grave, in a profound silence.

With a dumb anguish, born of their desperate condition, the few left of the upper camp, came down with their friends. Even

then, eyes that could see the god of Day mount his golden car in the morning, were closed forever before his glorious going down.

My parents, George Dunford and wife, with their children, Harry,

Morely and myself, were of the lower camp, and all escaped the plague. Often, in after years, I have heard my mother speak of

the scenes of that dreadful day. At the witching hour, between

daylight and dark, she would gather us around her knee and portray to us the events of that sorrowful time. "There was a Sister

Ballinger,"she said, ''whom I met in St. Louis. She had many

nice things and among them a new feather bed. Well, she died

on that bed. A hole was dug, she was rolled up in her feather

bed, with all that was about her, and placed in it. An elder who

had a good voice stood by the open grave and sang in a soulful way: There is sweet rest ia heaven,

There i3 sweet rest in heaven,

There is sweet rest, there is sweet rest.

There is sweet rest in heaven.

And the next day he was laid unsung in his own grave. That

evening Apostle Orson Pratt, en route to Utah from a foreign mis-

REMINISCENCES OF THE PIONEERS OF 1854. 711

sion, reached the camp. "It is the water,"he said, "get under

way at once, or you will all die."So terrible was the scourge

that very few ever recovered who were seized by it. On June

19th, a fair, sunny day, they broke camp, bidding farewell to so many of those who with glowing anticipations had been their comrades, and landed there with them less than a month before.

Health and hope return as they wend their way over the wide prairies of Nebraska, though a few more are added to the list of "The Wayside Dead,"but over them they place the wild flowers that abound there.

At the Big Blue, they camp for some time to make some required changes and better arrangement of things that had been hurriedly left unfinished. Nearing Laramie, it was learned that

the Indians had made an attack on an emigrant train, and that many had been murdered and scalped. When this point was

reached they traveled all night, so as to leave the place as far as possible behind. With what terror, then, did they watch, a few

days later, the approach of what proved to be two hundred and fifty Pawnees who surrounded them and camp, as though for an indefinite time. All men stood guard that night, no one sleptlittleThe Indians demand provisions, which are gladly given. A

later, they ride away, leaving the train unmolested, and the people wonderfully happy, for this unusual, almost unlookedfor occurrence.

About this time some of the company became dissatisfied with Captain Field's manner of leading the train. Sometimes he would

Take thirty miles in one day, then rest a day or two for the cattle to recruit; at other times he would travel far into the night, much

against the wishes of his friends. When this became unbearable

the late Isaac Groo said, "All who will follow me, come now, I will lead you."Next morning nineteen wagons followed his lead,

another—a mule team—caught up with them next day. My parents followed Captain Groo, and never regretted it, for he led the

company by easy stages into Salt Lake arriving on September 19, 1854, the first company of the season, and two weeks before those arrived who remained with Captain Fields who, by the way, soon left Utah, going to California, where he died.

The only serious Indian trouble occurred near a sand bank, in which at times the wagon wheels sank to the hubs. They camped

712 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by a little stream, willows growing on its bank; over it they drove

the cattle for feed. The writer, then a tiny girl, came into camp

with a piece of wood picked from a grave, among the buffalo chips. On it a warning was written, "Do not camp here, but go

on three miles; if you camp here, do not drive your cattle over

the creek."Too late, too late, the cattle were over, scattered

among the brush. That night the Indians drove the greater part

of them off, though extra guards had been stationed to prevent it.

The night was a sleepless one, full of suspense. Early in the morning from the tops of the high mountains, the Indians were seen

waving their blankets in token of triumph. However, most of the

cattle were found by the searching party, though some of them were shot by poisoned arrows. Among these was a fine yellow

cow, and my mother said she moaned almost like a human being until she died.

At another time some of the people camped before the others on a hill, which was found to be three miles from water, and off the road. Captain Groo ordered the cattle to be attached

to the tongue of the wagon, while heavy chains were pulled by three or four stalwarts, to hold them back. Thus they safely

descended the steep place, and reached the road, saving thereby about seven miles around it. At another time, where they

camped they found a dead Indian hanging in a tree, sewed up in his blankets, with his pipe, tobacco and other things. One reckless

fellow took the pipe and tobacco, after cutting him down, then burned the tree. Captain Groo was very angry, and commanded

him to replace everything as he had found it, hanging the Indian to another tree. This desecration might have caused the massacre of the whole company.

Of this party but few remain today. Among them are S. W.

Parkinson, of Franklin, Idaho, and Sister Anderson, mother of

James H. Anderson, of Salt Lake. Perhaps all the others were

children at that time. The train has gone to the Grand Encampment over the Silent River. On the survivors lingers the glory of

the setting sun, so brilliant just before it goes down. Even the

children of those pioneers are passing over, one by one, to the camp on the other side. What does it matter? Thousands upon

thousands sing the praises of the pioneers today. The unterrified.

REMINISCENCES OF THE PIONEERS OF 1854. 713

who braved untold dangers, unknown vicissitudes, to plant their feet among the everlasting hills of Zion, and place their genealogy in the eternal archives of the Temples of God. Nor will

they or their works be forgotten, for what a man does shall live after him. In their posterity they live again. They are messengers encompassing land and sea, scattering wide the gospel seed,

the coming of that Perfect Day.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

M. I. A. CONVENTIONS, 1908.

The following appointments have been made for the M. I. A. conventions,

1908. In case any changes are desired in the dates given, the stake superintendents should immediately consult with their stake presidencies and arrange for a new

date, and notify the General Boards of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I, A.:

Alpine, Beaver, Bannock, Emery, Juab, Malad, Pocatello, San Luis, Hyrum,

St. George, Bear Lake—August 30.

Taylor, Cassia, Granite, Teton, Ensign, Jordan, Nebo, Weber, Parowan,

North Davis, San Juan, Sevier, Fremont, Rigby—September 6.

Alberta, Liberty, Star Valley, South Sanpete, Wasatch, Cache, Wayne,

Uintah, South Davis, Tooele—September 13.

Big Horn, Oneida, Blackfoot, Summit, Millard, Pioneer, Box Elder, Salt Lake,

Panguitch—September 20.

North Sanpete, Woodruff, Union, Benson, Bingham, Morgan, Utah, Kanab

September 27.

The Arizona and Mexico stakes to be arranged for later.

BOSTON Y. M. M. I. A.

By letter from Elder Gerrard, of Boston, Massachusetts, we learn that on

January 5, this year, a Mutual Improvement Association in the Boston branch of the New England conference was organized with a full corps of oflBcera, and a membership of twentyfive. The manual for 1905-6 was used

for study, and the association held twenty sessions, the pleasure of the study increasing with each lesson. Seventyfive per cent in attendance and preparation is reported. Visitors express pleasure in the treatment of

the subject and also in hearing the preliminary program The class work will be discontinued during tha summer, but will be resumed again with a view to keeping up with Mutual work all the time. "The

Era is an able factor in helping to preach the gospel and we wish the magazine success. Following are the officers of the association: Samuel Gerrard, president; N. F. Bingham (now realeased), S. S. Green, Mabell Richards, aids; Leah

Smith, secretary; Lida Edmonds, assistant; H. G. Smurthwaite, organist; Ethel

Williams, assistant; E. H. G. Williams, chorister."

EMILY WELLS GRANT.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON.

[Emily Wells Grant was born in Salt Lake City, April 22, 1857. She was married on May 27, 1884, and died on May 25, 1908. Her funeral occurred on May 27,

the 24th anniversary of her wedding. The mental suffering which she endured

without complaint, when she learned that the disease which had fastened itself upon her was fatal, marks her as patient and heroic as she was good and loving. At the

services Bishop T. A. Clawson presided; President Anthon H. Lund offered the

opening prayer, and Elder Richard W. Young the benediction; the EnsignPyper-

WhitneySpencer quartette sang, "Thou Dost not Weep to Weep Alone, ""0

My Father,""Resting Now, from. Care and Sorrow,"and "Not Dead, but Sleepeth."Discourses full of comfort, light and encouragement, were delivered by

Elders Orson F. Whitney and Rudger Clawson. The pall bearers were Rulon,

Melvin, Gershom, Victor, Lewis and Charles Wells. Editors.]

Under the shade of overhanging trees stands No. 10, HollyRoad, in Liverpool, England, which for three years was the headquarters of the European mission of the Church. It lies away

from the bustle and noise and grime of the big city—hidden away

among the quietude of trees and grass and vines; and as I now

look back on that abode of work and rest, it comes forcibly to me that the good angel of that house was Sister Emily Wells Grant.

She and her children were there, accompanying the husband and father. Elder Heber J. Grant, who presided over the mission.

Sister Grant was not a woman who took delight in public displays or social functions. Her sphere was the home. There she

reigned, and lived out her ideals with husband, children and friends; and the elders who had the privilege of laboring in the

Liverpool office during her stay there partook of that homelike kindness and consideration which was innate in her, and which displayed itself through family and friends about her.

Sister Grant was a woman who, because of her reticence, was not easy to know, but whom to know was to love and respect. She

..

EMILY WELLS GRANT. 715

belonged to that class of noble women who deep in the heart have an abiding testimony of the truth, and who, though they do not often proclaim that testimony in public speech, more eloquently proclaim it through the silent examples of their lives.

How patient and uncomplaining she was, even at the last when she knew that her earthly days were few! With solicitous

care for Iier mother, she lingered but a few days after that mother passsed away, and then she too followed into the great beyond.

Peace be to her memory. That memory is to me as a garden of cool, green shade and sweetscented flowers, amid life's

I am sure it is such also to allwildness of trial and endeavor—and

who knew her well.

Much might be said about Sister Grant, but were I to say more, I fear that my wordiness might not meet with the fuU approval of that sensitive soul who has gone back to the great

Father and to the paradise of God.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

BE ALIVE.

If you expect to accomplish anything in this world you must be alive,—very

much alive,—alive all over. Some people seem half dormant. They impress you

as partial possibilities,—as people who have discovered only a small part of the

continent within themselves. Most of it remains undeveloped territory.

A man who does things is one who is alive to the very tips of his fingers. He

is alert, always on the watch for opportunities. He does not give idleness time

to dissipate him. He fights against that common malady known as a "tired feeling, ''and conquers it

Many a man is wondering why he does not succeed, while his desk, at which ho sits, tells the story of his life, and shows the limitations of his capability. The

scattered papers, the unfiled letters, the disorderly drawers, the dust in the pigeon-holes, the layers of newspapers, of letters, of manuscripts, of pamphlets, of empty envelopes, of slips of paper, are all telltales.

If I were to hire a clerk, I would ask no better recommendation than would be afforded by the condition of his desk, or table, or room, or workbench, or counter, or books. We are all surrounded by telltales which are constantly proclaiming the stories of our lives, cover them up as we will. Our manner, our gait,

our conversation, the glance of the eye, the carriage of the body, every garment we wear, our collars, neckties and cuffs, are all telling our life stories to the world We wonder why we do not get on faster, but these tiny biographers often tell the secret of our poverty, our limitations, our inferior positions.—Success.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

AMUSEMENT AND RECREATION.

In no other way are the evercontending principles of right and wrong, good and bad, more strongly engaged in the fight for supremacy than in the furnishing of entertainment for the people.

Those who cater to the public, of course, seek to provide what the public will pay for. It is a matter of dollars and cents

with them; and with the public, it is a matter of being amused

and entertained.

But what people enjoy in amusement as well as in entertainment is largely a matter of education. The taste for these things

is like any other appetite; it grows by the food it receives; and it

learns to enjoy the food to which it becomes accustomed, whether that is for the best or for the worst.

With a thorough knowledge of this fact, the class of amusements and entertainments that children shall early become accustomed to is of vital importance. For that matter, it is of great

moment also what men and women of maturer years shall choose, both because of their own welfare and because of the effect their example will have upon their own children, and upon the community in general. With this understanding, it should be every

person's duty and pleasure to choose such recreation as will whet his appetite for that which is good and right, and which will tend upward and not downward, towards the exalted in character, not the trivial and the silly.

It cannot be denied that the proneness of the present age is toward the frivolous, the obscene and the low. There is a tendency

to shun the opposite. This is true particularly of the theater.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 717

Here the ligitimate will not draw. A striking illustration was

witnessed in our own city only a short time ago when a firstclass actor of strong personal attraction undertook to present a series of Shakesperian plays in the Salt Lake theater. They were at

first so poorly patronized that had he not been persistent, and in possession of means to devote to his art, the presentations must have failed. At the same time, there were more than a dozen

licensed show houses in operation in the city, and these were largely patronized by both old and young. The programs in these places

are often anything but elevating; they are frequently unnatural

and morally illegitimate, portraying rude scenes of murder, vulgarity, lust and lechery, wholly unfit for enjoyment of the right kind.

It is not alone to the theaters to which people rush for the abnormal and the ultraexciting. In our other amusements, the quiet,

the legitimate and the orderly do not appear to suffice; the hazardous, the dangerous, that which unnaturally agitates and stirs the

feelings is sought after instead. So we are trained to have elevated railroads, schutes, and any other device where danger is apparent and where great excitement may be awakened in the mind.

All this appears to me to be education in the wrong direction it is food for the young mind which causes growth towards the bad; it aids mightily in the fight of wrong to gain the mastery

over right.

To expect people to go out into nature for enjoyment—to

have quiet walks, to admire the clear streams, the woods, the glorious mountains, the flowers, the trees, the grasses, the glens, pleasure for thevalleys and canyons—seems to be too tame a

present age. So are simple games and amusements. The child's

mind, it would appear from our practice, is taught to be stirred to excitement by artificial means, all of which has a tendency to unnatural growth, to nervetrouble and other evils, moral, mental and physical. Our duty lies in cultivating a better taste in the

choice of amusements, and a more rational preference in recreation.

In this connection, a word to parents on example in amusement may not be taken amiss. Children, we all admit, must have recreation. It is not quite the right thing to work the boy sixteen

718 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

hours a day on the farm, without giving him some little time for the proper kind of recreation. That time should be given during

the week, and not on Sunday. A good Latterday Saint will not

devote the whole week, year in and year out, to worldly labors and then loiter about on Sunday, unkempt and untidy, neglecting his religious duties, and still expect to enjoy the spirit of the gospel.

He will not work around home all day Sunday, or visit pleasure resorts, and expect his children to attend to their duties on that day.

It would seem, then, that a day, or a half day, given to proper recreation, rest and amusement, during the week is what we need and should have for ourselves and our boys—and why not include

the girls and the overworked mothers? As for employers, they

would get better service from their help, if this were done, especially if they would then insist upon their help giving up their night and Sunday excursions for socalled pleasure. And this, of

course, should also be insisted upon in the family. The tendency

to be out almost every night in the week, on some exciting pleasure bent, deserves to be strongly discouraged, both for moral and financial reasons.

Training ourselves and our children to enjoy moderate recreation of the right kind, and providing ourselves and them with an appropriate time to engage in it, so that it shall not interfere with our worship of God, are important considerations in our family government.

Joseph P. Smith.

CROWDED OUT.

A number of articles, mission messages, events, and the M.I.

A. June conference minutes, crowded out of this number, will

appear with many attractive and instructive papers in the August number of the Era.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

President Ray L. Pratt sends the Era a cheering ivord from Mexico, under

dte of May 14, with a group picture of all the missionaries laboring in the Mexi-!?gw.

720 iMPRO VEMENT ERA

can mission, fourteen elders and two sisters. He says: "We are few in number,

but the Lord is blessing us abundantly, and we rejoice in our labors among these

Lamanites whom we know to be a covenant people of the Lord. Success is attending us on every hand. Many people are investigating the principles of the

gospel, and becoming convinced of their truth. Daring the past six months

41 persons in the mission have been baptized. All the elders are in the best of

health. Mexico is a strong Catholic country, and the Catholic church has held

almost universal sway over the people for centuries; but their power is less today

than it ever was before. There seems to be a spirit of awakening, as from a

deep sleep, and the people are beginning to look for better things, and are investigating and accepting the truth. We believe in the promises of the Lord made to this

his covenant people, who are of the house of Israel, and we know that they will all be fulflled. Our prayer and desire is that we may be humble and faithful instruments in his hands in working out his purposes, and helping to fulfil his

promises made unto this people; and to this end we are directing our efforts."

President Soren Rasmussen, of the Scandinavian Mission, sends the Era this message from Copenhagen, under date of May 11. "Only a few days ago I

returned from my spring conference trip through the mission. I had a very

pleasant and profitable trip, and am very pleased to say that the conferences all through were very successful, the halls and meeting houses being crowded with

Saints and friends, many of the latter being earnest investigators of the Gospel.

In all our meetings the Spirit of the Lord was poured out upon us in great abundance. The elders are laboring very faithfully, and as a rule enjoy the

spirit of their calling. The auxiliary organizations are in a very fair condition,

and I have made a point to work up a greater interest in these organizations, but with two exceptions they meet and labor together conjointly with the young ladies. Our enrollment of the young men is 284, but a great many more attend

these meetings. Of the number enrolled one third are not members of the

Church, and nearly all the visitors are nonmembers. A renewed effort will be

made to increase our attendance and membership; in fact, I feel that the prospects for the work of the Lord in these lands are indeed good."

Elder Nephi Jensen who, on arrival in the field, spent the first two or three months of his time on the old Elders'Journal and later, after the consolidation of the paper with Liahona, took a missionary trip to parts of Georgia and Florida, and who last September was appointed secretary of the Southern States Mission, writes under date of May 25, from Chattanooga, Tenn: "The elders throughout

the mission are meeting with success. The old bitterness of the past has been

removed and the people now generally treat the elders kindly. In a number of

instances preachers of other denominations have thrown open the doors of their churches to the servants of God. An immense amount of literature is being distributed; nine hundred and eightyeight copies of the Book of Mormon have already

been sold during the year 1908. There have already been 230 baptisms in the

mission this year. Last year we added 843 converts to the fold."There are now

14,000 members of the Church in the Southern States Mission.

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

Sustaining the Presidents of the Respective Quorums Annually.—

It has been frequently asked why it is that the presidents forming the councils of the respective quorums of Seventy are not sustained at the quarterly conferences of the Stakes of Zion, or at any other of the meetings of the wards and stakes of the Church. The only reasonable answer that occurs to the First Council with

reference to the matter is, that these quorums of priesthood are not stake quorums but general quorums of the Church, and no part of a stake organization. It

was the custom with the First Council for many years, when visiting the quorums, to submit the names of the presidents before the quorum meeting for their approval. A custom, by the way, which of late has fallen more or less into disuse;

and often when it was followed there was no regularity in the matter, some quorums having the opportunity to vote upon their presidents once or twice a year and other quorums not oftener than once in two or three or four years, according as they were visited or not visited by members of the First Council. After duly

taking into account all these irregularities, it has occurred to the First Council that it would be a good plan to establish some regularity in this matter for all the quorums of the Seventy. And inasmuch as the first Sunday in November has become something of a noted day in the Seventy's work, that being the time at

which our new working conditions went into operation last year, and will doubtless be the Sunday on which from year to year the quorums will commence their decided by the First Council that it would be well to Year Book work—it has been

make the first Sunday in November the occasion for a special quorum meeting at which there shall be a thorough consideration of all quorum matters, a general winding up of the past year's work and the inauguration of the coming year's plans; and among the items of business that shall regularly be attended to shall be

the formal presentation of the names of the presidents, secretary, treasurer, class teachers, and other members of the quorums appointed to special duties in the respective quorums, for acceptance and approval by vote of the quorum.

By settling upon this first Sunday in November, for such a meeting and the transaction of such quorum business as it may be found necessary to attend to, it will enable the secretaries of the quorums in making their annual reports, which are expected to be in the hands of the general secretary by the 31st of December, to state the facts of the presidents being unanimously sustained or otherwise, in said report. The councils of the respective quorums, therefore, will take notice of this

arrangement and set apart the first Sunday in November for the work designated in the foregoing instructions.

call the attention of the presidents of quorums The 1907-8 Year Book.—We

once more to the Year Book for 1907-8. There are now on hand about one thousand copies of this Year Book, and we again suggest to the presidents the im722 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

portance of having a supply of these on hand, not only for their present membership but a few for those who will in the near future be coming into the quorum. The

first part of this Year Book, dealing as it does with the history, organization and duties of the Seventy will always be of permanent value, and quorums should be anxious that their new members as well as the old, should have copies of this work. Also we suggest to the brethren now having copies, that they preserve

them for the purpose of binding them up in a volume with the Year Books that will succeed this first one, as we are very sure that the Seventy's course in theology, asit develops from year to year, will be of first rate importance to those who shall follow it. Save your Year Books, then, for binding, and let each quorum lay in store a few books for incaming members, and as new members join the

quorums, the presidents should urge them to make themselves acquainted with the callings and duties of the Seventies as set forth in the first three lessons of the present Year Book.

Endorsement of Bishop to Seventy's Recommendation of Men for

Missions.—It seems difficult to get our presidents to rightly understand the

mod us operandi of recommending the names of members of their quorums for prospective missionaries. Irregularities in this line are occurring more or less

all the time. Whenever the First Council send for the names of Seventies who

are worthy and probably in condition physically and financially to fill a mission, it is understood that when the presidents, to the best of their ability, make tbe selection for the required number, for two, or three, or four, they will present the names they have selected—together with the result of their inquiries

in regard to age, knowledge of the gospel, physical condition, whether they have filled missions whether they speak one or more languages, if they are married, healthy, etc., etc.,—to the bishop for his endorsement. Every blank returned to

the general secretary with these names should have the endorsement of the bishop to each name so recommended and when the individual Seventy is corresponded with, his answer to the First Council's inquiry should also receive his bishop's endorsement. If the presidents of quorums and the brethren corresponded with

would be more careful to follow these two items of instruction, much unpleasantness would be avoided, both for the local councils and for the First Council. In

addition to sending names to the First Council on their request, it is to be under- - stood that the councils in the respective quorums may at any time suggest the names of members of their quorums for missions to the First Council. It might

be that they know of worthy men in the quorum who would be prepared immediately to go upon missions if they received a call, and we desire to have it understood that at any time the councils of our quorums know of men who are qualified and able to go on missions, they are at liberty to make their recommendations to the

First Council at any time, and we shall be glad to receive these occasional recommendations as well as when we formally call upon them for the submission of names. Our presidents should be so familiar with their members that they would

know their worthiness and preparedness at any time they are ready for this noble service in the interest of the cause of God. Be alert, brethren, and feel free to

recommend to the First Council at any time the names of the members of your quorums who are prepared for this work of the holy ministry.

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 723

Avoid Doctrinal Discussions in the Present Year's Work.—From the

nature of questions asked by correspondence from various quorums, as also from oral reports bearing on the same subject, we are led to believe that many of our quorums in their class work are allowing themselves to absorb altogether too much time in discussing technical doctrinal subjects; and are losing sight of the general purpose of this year's course of study. We have time and again explained

it in this Table, as also in the Introduction of the Year Book itself, that our present purpose is not to consider doctrinal questions, especially technical, and sometimes unprofitable questions, but that it is our aim to make a rapid survey of the scriptures, to become acquainted with them as books; to learn something of the history of the scriptures and something of the respective books as literature. If we

accomplish this object in the present year's course of study, we will have plenty of cause for congratulating ourselves upon. our achievements; and also we will

have all we can do to attain that end without halting to discuss now the hundred and one useless and often senseless, timeworn questions that make up the stock in trade of some inquisitive minds. Let this course be abandoned, and let our

members concentrate their minds upon the achievements of the specific purpose we have in view in the present year's studies. Men will learn, in time, that there

are some questions that we know nothing about, and that the Lord has not seen proper to reveal anything about; and until there is new knowledge, either by discovery of new light in old revelations, or else further revelation on the subject, we shall have to remain in ignorance about such matters. In

the meantime, let our classes adhere strictly to the purpose we hope to accomplish in the present year's work, and we will have plenty of opportunity for the consideration of doctrinal matters in future years when we get into that realm of study.

The Era the Organ of the Seventy.—Very much to our astonishment,

we have learned that one of our presidents in a local quorum of the Seventy has discouraged efforts to secure subscribers for the Improvement Era among the

Seventies, on the ground that the Era is not the organ of our quorums, that it only contains a few paragraphs each month about Seventy's work, and that these paragraphs on Seventy's business do not constitute it an organ for this division of the priesthood. We were very much surprised to hear such a thing as this, and

most of all astonished that such a narrow view was taken of the general contents of the Era. In addition to these few paragraphs each month under the regular

title, "Council Table,"there are the editorials of the magazine, very many of which are of first class importance to our Seventies, as they deal with matters of doctrine, Church history, and the like, with all of which our Seventies should desire to be in touch. Then there are special articles of doctrine by some of the

first writers in the Church, and the general literature of the magazine is suitable for the reading of our Seventies. We sincerely trust that the one case to which

our attention has been called—where a president of the Seventy discouraged subscriptions to the Era on the ground that it is not the Seventy's organ and only

valuable to the Seventy because of the "Seventy's Council Table"—is the only

case in existence, but lest it should not be so, we write this paragraph to correct any such notion, and desire our Seventy everywhere to understand that the Im-.

724 IMPROVEMENT ERA

PRevEMENT Era is the Seventy's organ, and we expect them to sustain it loyally, not merely from a sense of duty that they should sustain an organ which bears their name, but for the reason that the current literature of it is absolutely necessary to the Seventy for his instruction in the developing doctrine and theology of the Church. Of all men, the Seventy should be attached to the

Era, and we commend, it to their consideration.

More on Seeing God.—At a recent Council Table (May number) we took

up the matter of the manner in which the Prophet Joseph Smith saw God, and sought to harmonize it with certain passages in the Doctrine and Covenants, about no man without the Melchizedek Priesthood being able to see the face of God in the flesh and live, etc. Since the writing of the paragraph, Brother J. B. Riplinger, of Rexburg, Idaho, writes us, and in substance suggests the following as a

solution, which may be satisfying to the minds of some who inquire upon this subject, and certainly suggests an additional idea to those already advanced at this

Table. Brother Riplinger says:

I have been asked this question frequently when on my mission, and I think by reading the statement of the Prophet himself at the end of his vision, he gives almost a straight answer to the question—(as to how he saw God). He

says: "When I came to myself again, I found myself lying on my back looking

up into heaven. When the light had departed I had no strength, but soon

recovering, in some degree, I went home."{History of the Church, Vol. I,

p. 6). Would not this say plainly that during the vision with the heavenly

beings, the spirit of the Prophet had left his body temporarily, else why should his body fall back to the earth? Would it not have been while the spirit was absent

from the body during the vision? This would harmonize the event with the scripture which says, no man can see God in the flesh and live. I do not know whether

these views on this point are correct and agree with yours, but for the sake of the better understanding, on the part of the brethren who are burdened with this question, it seeems to me that the Prophet has very nearly explained the matter himself."Pronunciation of Book of Mormon Names.—By the time this number of the Era reaches the hands of the Seventies, their lessons will be in the

American volume of scripture—the Book of Mormon, and doubtless it will be to

their advantage to know the rules governing the pronunciation of Book of Mormon proper names. In 1903, a Book of Mormon convention was held at the Brigham Young University, Prove, and a committee was appointed to report to said

convention the principles that should govern the pronunciation of Book of Mormon names. Following is the body of the committee's report:

(1) Words of two syllables to be accented on the first syllable.

(2) Words of three syllables to be accented on the second syllable, with these exceptions, which are to be accented on the first syllable, namely: Amlici

(c soft); Amnion, Antipas, Antipus, Corihor, Cumeni, Curelom, Deseret, Gazelam, Eelaman, Joneam, Korihor, Tubaloth.

(3) Words of four syllables to be accented on the third syllable, with the following exceptions, which are to be accented on the second syllable, namely:

Abinadi, Abinadom, Amalickiah, Aminadi, Aminadab.

Ch is always to be pronunced as K.

G at the beginning of a name to be always pronounced "hard."

I final always to take the long sound of the vowel.

The accepted pronunciation of Bible names to be followed.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Monument to Hirini Whaanga.—On Decoration day a splendid monument

was dedicated to the memory of this celebrated Maori chief. Appropriate ceremonies were held at the Salt Lake City Cemetery, and an address was given by

President Joseph F. Smith. The monument is located in the north end of the

city cemetery.

Ocean Speed Record.—The Lusitania made another transAtlantic speed

record on May 22, from England. The voyage to New York was made in 4 days, 20

hours and 22 minutes. The best run for a single day was 632 knots; and the

hourly speed average was 24.83 knots. The ship surpassed all previous records

in all three particulars.

Another State for Prohibition.—On May 26, a law enacted by the last

session of the North Carolina State Legislature was submitted to a referendum, and adopted by the people of the state by a majority vote of more than 40,000.

This makes five Southern States that have adopted prohibition,—Oklahoma and

Georgia, where the law is now in force; and Alabama and Mississippi, where it

will take effect January 1, 1909.

Delegates to the Democratic National Convention.—On June 12, the

Democratic State Convention of Utah, met in Salt Lake City, and named six delegates and six alternates to the National Convention, at Denver July 8. A large

number of delegates from all parts of the State were present. N. T. Porter, of

Davis county was chosen permanent chairman, and John L. Herrick, of Weber

county, secretary. Delegates and alternates were elected as follows

Delegates—0. W. Powers, Salt Lake; W. H. King, Salt Lake; Samuel Newhouse, Salt Lake; Mrs. H. J. Hayward, Salt Lake; Abel J. Evans, Utah county;

S. S. Smith, Weber county.

Alternates—W. F. Olsen, Carbon county; T. H. Fitzgerald, Salt Lake

county; Chas. H. Humphries, Weber county; L. P. Nielsen, Sanpete county;

Mrs. Sarah Ventress, Salt Lake; J. D. Call, Box Elder county.

Hon, Frank L. Nebeker, of Cache county, was elected National Committeeman, to succeed the late Hon. D. H. Peery, deceased. The convention instructed

the delegates to cast their vote as a unit for Hon. William Jennings Bryan, as

726 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

their candidate for President of the United States. Speeches were made by Hon.

B. H. Roberts, W. H. King, 0. W. Powers and others.

Statue of the Prophet Joseph.—For two and a half years Mahonri M. Young,

under commission of the Church, has worked upon a lifesize statue of Joseph

Smith, the Prophet. It is now completed, in plaster, and will be cast in bronze

later, and given a place in the Temple. It was on exhibition at the Bureau of

Information during the M. I. A. conference. It is pronounced by competent people who have seen it to be the most skilfully executed piece of statuary ever

shown in Utah, giving a strength of character to the prophet which no portrait heretofore has ever delineated. The youthful face is strong, and is shown in a

front view, the large eyes and kindly countenance presenting unusual animation, even in the plaster. The figure is in full dress suit, with a bow tie. The right

arm rests on a walking stick, the head of which is held in the palm of the right hand, the fingers closed over it. On the third finger is the famous signet ring,

presented to the prophet early in the history of the Church. The left arm is bent

with a cloak thrown over it, and a copy of the Book of Mormon in the hand. The

shoes are squaretoed, as was the fashion some seventyfive years ago. The

artist gathered his facts for description from every available source, and from these formed his own conception of the likeness, and built the statue to conform.

daily papers that a What the "Mormons"Are.—It appears from the

public announcement has been printed in the columns of the East Oregonian by what is said to be a prominent member of the "Mormon"Church in Ogden, in which he announces that he will gladly invest in any cheap property in "dry"territory. This announcement has impelled the editor of the Oregonian to pay

the following truthful tribute to the "Mormons,"as copied in the Pocatello

Tribune: The "Mormons"have revolutionized Grand Ronde valley farming methods.

They have simply converted large portions of that valley into a paradise of small farms, highly cultivated garden and orchard tracts, and have added millions to the wealth of the county without reclaiming any new land or increasing the tillable area of the county. The wealth they have added has come through intensive

methods. They have multiplied the values of existing property, without extending the borders of the farming districts. They would do the same for Pendleton

and Umatilla county. They would start a dozen small industries in the vacated

saloons of this city, and would make every acre in Umatilla county produce from two to three times its present yield. They are also school builders, home builders, lovers of music, good society and an elevated home life, and with the coming

of the ''Mormons''into this county a new era would begin. It is significant to

note that you never see a "Mormon"in a poor house, and scarcely ever see one of them in jail. Their methods of living, their teachings, their life work, keep them

out of these two Gentile institutions.

This is the reputation, and a very truthful one, of the "Mormons."It is

incumbent upon the young people of the Latterday Saints to maintain this reputation in every respect.

the words containing the "We Cannot."—We cannot, nonpossumus, are

reply of Pope Pius X to M. Briand, who has charge of the separation law in

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 727

France. It will be remembered that about a year and a half ago the French

government repealed what for a century had been known as the Concordat, a law or stipulation by which the French governmpnt was to maintain the Catholic clergy in consideration that appointments, especially in the higher priesthood, should be submitted to the government of France by the Pope for its approval.

In pursuance of that law, the Catholic church established a system of education whose influence in favor of the church, its traditions and political influence, has been strongly felt for years throughout that country. In the repeal, however, of

the law, France evidently yielded herself up to the demands of the socialists whose oppositions to church were radical and whose measures for the repeal of the Concordat were excessive. The extreme attitude of the French in the matter

naturally had its own reaction among the people there, and has been quite generally criticised, even in countries where a strict division of Church and state is popular. The issue between the people and the government hag centered on the

character of the organization under whose control the French government proposed to place all of the property which had been virtually confiscated by the government. The minister of education and the government agents generally were

quite willing that the property should go into the hands of a secular organization whose members were friendly to the church. The church would not yield the

point, contending that church property must be subject to a church organization and would not yield to the point of allowing its priests to organize under a secular law of the state, contending that as priests their allegiance to the church in the matter of church property must not be fettered or abridged by the secular powers of state. Forty thousand priests, through the repeal of the Concordat, will

cease to receive the traitements, or salaries, which formerly came to them through the appropriations of the government. Among the property taken over by the

state was a large amount of money which had been contributed through bequests and otherwise for the support of infirm and aged priests, and for the saying of masses for the dead. The $12,000,000 contributed for these purposes, the government, no doubt, felt anxious to dispose of wholly in the interest of the church,

as the French people would be most sensitive to any popular use to which thp government might put such funds.

M. Briand therefore proposed to the Pope by way of compromise that this

fund be transferred to certain committees which he defined. The proposition was

liberal, and placed the funds practically in the control of the church, though under a secular organization. Many of the priests and clergy were in favor of

the compromise, but the Pope, after months of deliberation, or at least time for deliberation, answered the French government in his recent communication, non possumus. Thus it appears that the church will not yield, and will not receive churches or funds, except they be placed wholly under the control of religious organizations over which the church, and not the state, shall have control.

To make good the loss of the church appropriations, a general church tax or contribution has been established, by which all Catholics pay into the church dues known as God's penny, or denier du cwZ/e.—Joseph M. Tanner.

728 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Susa A. Talmage,—It is our sad duty to record the death of Sister Susa

A.Talmage. She passed to the great beyond at Provo, April 16, 1908. Sister

Susa was born at Provo, February 11, 1879; she was the daughter of James J.

and Susanna P. Talmage, and the

youngest sister of Dr. James E.

Talmage. From her early youth

she was a student and a teacher*

Preeminently she was the children's friend, and particularly she was an interpreter, of nature to the young*

After graduating from the Brigham Young University with the collegiate degree of Bachelor of

Pedagogy, in 1903, she spent a year in the practical work of the teacher, and then matriculated in

Columbia University, New York.

Daring the summer vacation following her first year as a student at

SUSA A. TALMAGE.

Columbia, she was called to bear the great trial incident to the death of her beloved mother; from the burden of

this bereavement she never recovered. With aching heart she returned to Columbia after the painful obsequies. A year later she came home and resumed her

professional work in the Brigham Young University.

In addition to her school work she was ever ready and active in Church duties generally. In Sunday Schools, in Mutual Improvement Associations, and in

ward affairs, our sister was always a willing and an able worker.

Susa Talmage was a writer of marked ability and of assured promise. Her

particular gift was that of storywriting for boys. Her stories will live, and their

lessons will bear fruit for good, though she has passed.

The following lines by a loving student are recorded as a well deserved tribute: TO THE MEMORY OF MISS SUSA TALMAGE.

Sweet, lovely flower, blasted in thy bloom,

Why couldst not thou a little longer stay.

That we might learn to love thee more and more,

Thy constancy inspire us day by day?

When we remember how thy life was spent,

In loving service unto all mankind,

We'll try to follow in thy simple way,

And God will not unto thy worth be blind.

Though here with us thou canst not longer be,

May thy sweet spirit linger ever near,

To guide us safely into virtue's paths.

And be a shining light while we are here.

—ErijA HoldAWAY.

The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun "BROWNING'SPATENT"

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in ihe hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We hare "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

- Ogdcn, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

ISCEINIC LINE or THE WORLD

f\ paiorarna Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of lfatural Eagle River Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs toe Uiay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

THROUGH PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Foidjrj, 3 )>'clels, etc., aUraii I. A. BENTON, G. A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I M 4-1+ I I I I I I I I I I I I M I

M. L A. MANUALS

; Are both interesting and instructive and can be used to advantage by the;

of the; various ELDERS', PRIESTS', TEACHERS'and DEACONS'QUORUMS

Church. In fact, they have been adopted as a course of study, and are already

being successfully used, in the quorums of some of the Staks of Zion. Those

! manuals published prior to 1906, will be sold at the reduced price of 15 cents!

! per copy. Mail orders will receive prompt attention and should be sent direct

to the ERA, 214 Templeton, Salt Lake City.

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I+++ I I I I I I I

(When writing to Adver*isers, please mention the Era.")

Where are you going to School Next September?

Before you answer this important question please consider carefully the advantages of the school which stands for broad, liberal training in all the industrial arts, the school for the masses,

The Agricultural College of Utah

THE BARNS

The following features certainly merit your attention:

A faculty of sixty members, educated in the best schools of America and Europe, men and women of generous culture, most of them experts in certain branches of industrial work.

An equipment of twenty buildings, admirably fitted with shops, laboratories, class rooms, library and music rooms, gymnasium, kitchens and dairies.

A location unrivaled for beauty, for health, for freedom from vice, for studious environment.

A series of courses in agriculture, domestic science and arts, commerce, mechanic arts, and general science, including nine college courses leading to degrees, and five manual training courses leading to certificates.

A body of alumni remarkable for the professional and financial success of every member, annually furnishing the State as well as the

Nation with many agricultural experts, teachers of industrial branches, farm superintendents, chemists, etc.

Free Tuition. Very low expenses, the only general fee being $5.00

for registration.

High School graduates given appropriate college standing. All eighth

grade graduates enter without examination. All others enter by examination or as special students.

Send postal card for illustrated circular.

Address, The Registrar, Agricultural College of Utah,

Logan, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

The New Education

,''s.

V

- kt.A A,% "JSjjt IS 4- jiAi- I'''i|3fr.'%fc -ifdi i-.pi illmlniu

iiiliiiiii nJHr iwiiyiMy The AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE OF UTAH Offers an efficient combination of practical and theoretical instruction by trained experts of long and varied experience in the following industrial and technical subjects:

AGRICULTURE.—Farm Crops, Arid MECHANIC ARTS.—Carpentry, ForgFarming, Forestry, Horticulture, Irrigation ing, Mechanical Drawing, Machine Work.

and Drainage, Road Building, Veterinary Carriage Building, Pattern Making, Wood

Science, etc. Carving, Sloyd, etc.

DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND ARTS.—GENERAL SCIENCE.—English, MathCooking, Serving, Home Construction and ematics, History, Modern Languages,

Sanitation, Laundering, Hand and Machine Natural and Physical Sciences, etc.

Sewing, Dressmaking, Embroidery, Household Economics, Home Nursing, etc. ENGINEERING.—Irrigation Engineering

COMMERCE.—Accounting, Money and jointly with the University of Utah.

Banking, Business Administration, StenoCOURSES are also offered in Music, graphy, Penmanship, Typewriting, Comboth vocal and instrumental. Art, Physimercial Law, etc. cal Culture, Library Work, etc.

Tuition is Free: Registration fee $5.00.

What is the New Education?

It is the education that dignifies, simplifies and beautifies toil of every description by applying to it scientific principles. It is learning to do

by doing. It is the mingling, in proper proportions, of practical, technical

subjects and general culture subjects. In short, it is the education for

today. If you wish to learn more about it write for illustrated circular.

Address: The Registrar, Agricultural College,

LOGAN, UTAH.

I. Shoes and OverallsZ.C. M.

FOR BIQ and LITTLE MEN Are Money Savers

Our Shoes are made of gojod substantial material, no composition inner sole3, we guarantee them. All we ask is "Give Z.

C. M. I. Shoes and Overalls a

.fair trial,"then we are

satisfied you will recommend them to your friends.

MOUNAINEER OVERALLS NEVER RP.

Clayton -Daynes Music Co.

Successors to Clayton Music Co. and Daynes Music CO.

Oldest, Largest and Best Music House In the West PIANOS, ORGANS, TALKING MACHINES EVERYTHING MUSICAL.

Col. N. W. Clayton, Prest. 109111-113 Main St.

Royal W. Daynes, Mgr. Salt Lake City.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.