Jmprooemen

JULY, 1930

Abominable Creeds

J. PERCY GODDARD

Out of the Burning IVY WILLIAMS STONE

From the Green Mountains to the Rockies JOHN D. GILES

A Modern American Prophet JOHN HENRY EVANS

A Spiritual Philosophy of Life DEAN MILTON BENNION

Photo by Cottam

The Path of Dreams Utah Lake INSTALL NATURAL GASNOW PAY LATER START PAYING NEXT FALL... EXTEND

PAYMENTS OVER TWO YEARS IF YOU WISH

HOUSE HEATING

WATER HEATING

Combination Offer

>;::::::<:::;t<::::j;

x-:-x<-x-: i *M5

.-.Wv....

Now is the season when an abundant supply of hot water is appreciated most i n s t a n t hot water. And it is the really convenient season for installation of

Naturalment—whenGas thehouseheatingheat is not needed.equipThe cost for installing a completely automatic conversion home

heating unit and the automatic "BULL'S EYE"Natural Gas water

this sum is you may extend the"OUR BILLS HAVE BEEN LESS THAN HALF'heater is only $145. Modest as

over twentyfour payments months

So. L. East, 7th in Mrs. Martin Lee, 2262 Salt Lake, whose home—writes

if you like. be dePayments may natural) exclusively (manufactured used heating for been has Gas and and

cooking for the past five years. Her statement offers a new angle to the ferred until next fall when you

evidence overwhelming of of the Natural other over economy Gas forms of start using Natural Gas automatic fuel. cleanliness service convenience of the gas home, is not and

heat. novelty, itself: letter for Lee's speak Mrs. a In thebut—letLee

Enjoy Complete Natural Gas Service "We are extra enthusiastic about gas at the present time. Having used it IT'S SMART TO

exclusively for heating for and cooking the past five years, we have naturally BE THRIFTY accustomed become cleanliness to the convenience and which it affords. But this year we are particularly

delighted with the cost of operation. We welcome your inquiries.

With Natural Gas our bills have been less than There is no charge for an estimate half what they have been in previous years with of costs.

manufactured gas. I doubt if we could have possibly heated our home with coal for what it has

into gas, not cost taking us for consideration UTAH GAS & COKE CO. decorating. curtains, drapes, and savings the on

Serving Salt Lake City This past week we have placed our order for a will as satisfied be hope refrigerator we and we only heating OGDEN GAS CO. with gas as are with we gas refrigeration

and cooking."Serving Ogden

Sincerely yours, (Signed) WASATCH GAS CO.

MRS. MARTIN L> LEE,

Serving Kaysville, Layton, Farmington,

Bountiful, Centerville, Magna, Garfield,

Murray, Midvale, Sandy, Morgan.

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 593

IMPROVED!New Developments in Gasoline and Oil Refining

Bring Greater Pleasure and Economy to Motoring

Quicker Starting... More Power Four Important New Features

Less Motor Repair Expense in Motor Lubrication

Your motor jumps to life at the first whirl New Vico offers the most important conof the starter, when you use this new imtribution of the year to the efficiency and life of your motor. It combines these it has the long 88. proved And gasoline—PEP features: four vital hills "in over that takes you reserve power

high."1. Higher flashpoint, which means LESS

OIL CONSUMPTION and greater proLess shifting of gears. Easier driving. More tection to your motor, because New Vico

enjoyable motoring. And all because the STANDS UP BETTER UNDER

makers of PEP 88 put lots of power elements HEAT.

into this gasoline, along with quickstarting, 2. Lower carbon content, which means LESS

fast pickup, and greatly reduced carbon conENGINE WEAR.

tent. PEP 88 is the result of long research 3. Lower coldtest, which means IMMEDIand the construction of a new $100,000 recATE LUBRICATION in all weather.

tifier at our plant. 4. Improved "oxidation test,"which means

HIGHEST DEGREE OF OILINESS.

advantages. New Vico is sold with get 88, the gasoline that "gives reaching PEP—andSteer in at any station that has a PEP pump Begin now to give your motor these farGUARANTEE. a MONEYBACK motor."your wings to

NEW

GUARANTEEDioo as ICO (PARAFFIN) GA SOLINE W

Manufactured and Guaranteed by UTAH OIL REFINING CO., Salt Lake City

594 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

SAVEfor a SUNNY DAY

1. JEliftZ7a

they can move into their their own home—thanks to

SUNNY DAY FUND A Sunny Day Fund is a sum of money equal to at least six months earnings kept on deposit in the savings department of a First SeIt deposits. or monthly regular weekly little at a time by curityone—aCorporation bank. Such a fund can be accumulated by anyemergency almost any against are protected that is a guarantee you

and at the same time finds you prepared for opportunities.

Bank by mail or in person with any of the following:

COPPER NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONALOgden BANK FIRST SAVINGSOgden BANK City Salt Lake

THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO. ANDERSONIdaho Falls,BROS.IdahoBANK Logan

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Jerome, Rupert Gooding, Preston, Hailey, Shoshone, Montpelier, Ashton, Blackfoot, Pocatello, Boise, Wyo.. South Superior, and Springs Idaho; Rock Payette, and Emmett Nampa, Home, Mountain

Utah. Bingham, Garfield and Magna, Hyrum, Richmond,

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 595

Till R EGAS

into and ordinary of the Out The leiprovemeinit Era story is thethe unusual new serial to begin in the August issue of the Heber J. Grant

Improvement Era. Different in atHugh J. Cannon Editor Elsie T. Brandlej

mosphere, plot and treatment, it Managing Editor Associate Editor will hold the reader from the start, Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

and from month to month the Business Manager Associate Business Manager

Morris George Q. and more of it will becomecharm Taylor Rachel Grant across potent. Americamore From Publications Finance Chairman and

the ocean into the romantic, colorful islands of the South Seas does the story move, and woven Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement into the incidents and descriptions Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of it are the witchery of the tropics, of Latterday Saints the glamor of the new and the strange, and the pleasure which attends the following of an interestCONTENTS ing thread of plot to a logical and Title Page satisfying finish. After reading the Editorial

first chapter of Expatriation there Our Pioneers...Hugh J. Cannon 597

Measuring 598 Up Elsie T. Brandley the rest. about is no question Creeds Abominable J. Percy Coddatd 599 -f i i

A great youth experience was PoetryMorning Blanche Kendall McKey 6 the M. I. A. Conference held in Compensation 1 Rosannah Cannon

June, in Salt Lake City, and to Gone Christie Lund leaders and parents it was equally Two Songs Helen Peterson gratifying and full of hope. The BryceArizona Mountains,. BerthaVesta A.P. CrawfordKleinman

theme "Onward with Mormon This is the Place Weston N. Nordgren

like threadIdeals"a strong ran Joseph American Modern Prophet John 602 Henry Evans Smith—A tolinking days, the threethrough the Burning. Out of (Conclusion). Williams A Story. Stone.—Ivy 606

gether in beauty and power the The Historicity of Jesus Dr. William J. Snow 610

gems of the occasion. The August The M. I. A. Slogan for 1930 Cyril Curtis 611

Era will publish a detailed account We Stand for the Preservation of Heritage Through Obedience to Law 612 Barton this features of the salient Conof Fell Some Stony Places 1 StanleyLouise Upon D. Jonasson 614 set forth ference, will be in which Breeze that Bloweth O Kate 614 Thomas

some of the particulars which must From the Green Mountains to the Rockies John D. Giles 615

not be forgotten. Special Fathers and Sons'Project for 1930 618

f i i That's the Berries. A Story Margaret C. Moloney 619

Among the commandments JeanA SpiritualWaschgaw,Philosophythe IronEaterof Life Dean MiltonFrankBennionJonas 621622 which were given to Moses was one The Days of the Great Cold Henry F. Kirkham 625

dealing with the Sabbath day, and Pioneer Woman—, Vesta Pierce Crawford 627

in the centuries which have Telephone Service from Ship to Shore Claude C. Cornwall 628

Green Gold. and Robbins 631 A Story. Blanche conditions since then,elapsed many HandMade Rugs Beeley 633 Glen J. of the process intohave entered in Recreation the Home 634

living which have in some way or Priesthood Quorums other weakened public consciousAaronic Priesthood Supervision 639 ness of the importance of observIndustry L 639 ing that law to its fullest extent, Mutual Work and condoned, in great measure, Executive Department 641

Department 643 for itthe disregard which is increasDepartment 644 AdultM peopleingly Thinking common. Department 645 M MenGleanerMen

everywhere recognize the need for Gleaner Girls Department 646 a weekly day of rest, and among Junior Girls Department 648.., 648these, some have expressed themBee Hive Department

selves freely and with convincing Pres.VanguardsScoutsYoung's AttitudeTowardDepartment Boys Charles R. Howe 656650clarity. Thomas Weir, wellknown as a mining engineer of

note and authority, is one whose Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

belief in Sabbath observance is deep Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1 103, and sincere. In the Era for next Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

month his views will be set forth, Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conand it will be of great interest to iidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

members of the Church to learn requested, will be destroyed.

the opinions of one who is not a Published monthly at Salt Lake C/fy by the M. I. A. General Boards;

member on a subject very near to $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

the "Mormon heart."=Ji

596 The Improvement Era for July, 1930 1 The Brick Man says:—

"It is possible for rural communities not equipped with a sewer system, to enjoy all the comforts of modern bathroom and plumbing conveniences, through the use of VITRIFIED CLAY

SEPTIC TANKS for sewage disposal."

We manufacture one, two and three compartment Vitrified Clay Septic

Tanks which provide absolute sanitation and complete disposal of sewage,

'"< accommodating families of three, six, nine or more members.

These vitrified tanks are resistant to the action of acids, gases and alkali and will give efficient service indefinitely.

We would be glad to send you prices and blue prints upon request.

THE SALT LAKE

PRESSED BRICK CO.

19 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Was. 951

T "T EDITORIALHugh J. Cannon Heber J. Grant Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor

Our Pioneers

genius is to future write this imintellectual But the Latterday of the development who will these narrative vanguards look for mortal beyond past centuryTHESaints during the is warrant the statement that some day a modern, but for his most gripping material. There he will see

temperate, De Quincey will arise in this community companies poorly fitted out, decrepit men, frail and will produce a classic built upon pioneer inciwomen and children, worn out wagons, often drawn dents. Such a story will surpass the "Flight of a by thin oxen, or by cows upon which babes deTartar Tribe."Material rich in color and atmospended for their sustenance. He will see in one

phere awaits the master hand. The narrative quite company a tiny maid of eight years trudging panaturally will cover the migration of the first comtiently beside a wagon so heavily loaded that even

pany under the direction of that matchless pioneer, her slight weight would add too much to the burden

Brigham Young. Without going further, one finds of weakened horses. The soles of her shoes were

here the elements of a great story, one of conflict, almost entirely gone, and in her weariness she reof wavering faith among some, but in the main of joiced when a stream was reached too deep for her to praiseworthy reliance in God and in his representawade, for then she could ride across either on some tive. On one occasion, shortly before arriving in the one's back or in a corner of the wagon.

valley, President Young was ill and one of his folIn another company a boy of seven, the oldest of lowers is reported to have made a statement and query four children, could be seen. The party was oversomething like this: taken by serious sickness. One day the father died

"Brother Brigham, we are lost in the mountains. and was buried at sundown; some kindhearted

The brethren are discouraged. Why did you pass women put the sobbing little ones to bed, for the

the fertile plains where we would have been safe mother was also desperately ill. As this boy arose

from our enemies?"the following morning they had just finished bury-

"Brother,"the prophet leader answered, "we are ing his mother, and all his life he grieved because not lost. When I see the place I shall know it, but there was another grave between those of his parents.

I have not seen it yet."Years later he went back over the old trail to gather

The phenomenal faith or Atlantean courage, or a the beloved remains and place them side by side; but

combination of both, of this man, his persistency he searched in vain for their resting place. When

when vacillation would have cost precious lives, his he was nine years old this same orphan lad might power to vivify his followers, furnish many dramatic be seen hauling grain from Salt Lake to Provo. He

episodes. What were his thoughts while viewing the had to camp overnight at the point of the mountain,

tremendous responsibility? Irrigation, as a system, and, except when fortune smiled upon him and he

was unknown, and before them was an arid desert. found other campers, he was forced to leave the oxen

Was this man so sure of himself that he, in his hours yoked all night, being too small to put the yoke on of solitude, did not tremble? Evidently, for he was if it was taken off.

ever ready to come to grips with any who opposed or Whatever else may be said of the handcart comgave grudging assent to his plans. panies, they furnish intensely pathetic and tragic

There was an impressive similarity between the material for history. Was it a mistake to send people

in this manner? Many have thought so, but a pioneers and the land to which they came—a band of out

outcasts and a country pronounced worthless by the highly intellectual non-"Mormon"lady remarked, greatest statesman of his day. But the potentialities after the recent pageant: "Seeing those handcarts

in each were like the latent power in the streams and hearing your choir sing, 'All is well, all is well,'which roared through the canyons. There was to awakened the most sublime feelings that have ever

be mutual development. come to me."Even the critic is forced to admit,

But however much we cherish the memory of the therefore, that these devotees did not suffer and die first company and honor the participants, that jourin vain.

ney does not fire the imagination as do some later Why were the people brought across the producoccurrences. In the main, that group was made up of tive plains of the middle west, where they were ofhardy, courageous people, peculiarly fitted for such an fered the security of distance from their enemies?

expedition. Their equipment, considering the times, Why? Because "This is the Place,"the only locality

was of the best, vigorous men, good teams, strong under heaven where ancient and modern prophecies wagons. could have been fulfilled. H. J C.

M,easunn. Up

descripone. of every for magazines the and papers to f Smoking girls was conceded among ) OOKS,

gesture be subtle a of Signboards advancement. in opinions tion have of late years abounded >*f / j

regarding the freedom, flippancy, disrespect depicted in glowing colors the charm of the young and irreverence of the youth of this generation. Some women who used cigarettes; and into the homes of

writers and thinkers agree that there has never existed those who had radio, the beauties of smoking, and the a more demoralized set of young people; they wonmarvelous effects of the use of tobacco, were expoundder what has come over civilization to permit such a ed with stirring intonation, and emphasized by the

pass; they are certain that laws of heredity have accompaniment of the particularly fine dance music

suddenly been suspended and have ceased to operate; which followed.

they denounce the younger generation for their shortProtests against the use of public signboards for comings, their lack of vision and good sense in ignorthis use, and more vigorous protests by the manuing the example set so shiningly before them. Others, facturers of other commodities against the obviously

equally observant and quite as sane, see the other side unfair advertising of certain cigarettemakers, brought to the question, and deplore the narrowness of mathe matter before the people of the country in such a turity in helping to create situations for youth in the way as to focus attention upon it, which condition face of their inability to offer constructive assistance is the most powerful advertising agency of all. Girls

in adjustment and solution to the new problems. were reminded constantly and continuously and

Both groups have excellent arguments and seemthrough increasingly insidious methods, that they ingly incontrovertible evidence; and when each of must be smokers to be slim; must develop a discrimitwo factions is certain that the other is entirely nation in their choice of cigarettes just as they develwrong, the only conclusion to be drawn is that there oped form and grace in their tennis, style in dress and

is much to be said on both sides, as doubtless there charm in personality.

is. Each side has reasons for a particular opinion, Adults became alarmed, as well they might. Prinand the reasons of both sides, being set forth, appear ciples of right and of long standing were threatened;

to have merit. They sound lucid and logical; they and what assurance had they that youth would withare reasonable and convincing. They are stimulating stand the temptation to join the popular majority

to study. against the sane minority? In the face of the unOf all the many and serious questions which have certainty, an action taken by the girls of the Universprung up with amazing vitality and assurance, none sity of Utah is interesting and timely, and should be

perhaps has challenged more lively discussion than reassuring. Following a meeting at which the quespeti- discussed, a of campus was smoking on the girls. tion the matter of among smoking—especially

effect the tion to the that of the girls submitted was decades a listening ago a young man gave to Many few the word of the Lord regarding the use of toUniversity asked that smoking be not permitted on bacco, and into the seclusion of the valleys of the the campus on the grounds that smoking is not a

Rocky Mountains that little band brought the code necessity; it is offensive to many; it precludes the

governing the matter. But so great have been the maintaining of a high standard of cleanliness; it leschanges wrought in transportation, communication sens the need for selfcontrol. In addition, the fact

and education that the valleys gradually ceased to was pointed out that school executives demand the be secluded, and with the coming and amalgamating services of teachers who do not use tobacco.

of other people, with other ideals of living, the attiThis was signed by the Associated Women Stutude of many toward the Word of Wisdom changed dents of the institution.

this spite in that thefactand a the of group is unquestionably The expression dieticians unout and comingscientists—physicians, in no chemists—wereof individual expression of concerted feeling and senticertain evils to that the tobacco; explain terms of

employers were stating that a high degree of efficiency ment. That the girls of an institution of this kind

justify in their the foredecisive to opinion enough cigarettes; that court are of not reached was smokers by

is gratifying, for conpetition it proves most going sustain criminal piling to records evidence wereand up lived the individuals as that clusively above they have the to lower use contention that the tended tobacco of advertisers of unscrupulous contaminationmoral stamina and increase susceptibility to evil pernicious sacrifice the vigor of a naand vitality who would influences.

tion's youth to their devastating love of money.

This was the situation existing for many years, May the feeling expressed in the petition of a number but only men were concerned until the more recem* of college girls represent the sentiment of the west!

times. Girls considered themselves to be more deliAnd among the girls of the Church of Jesus Christ

cate in their sensibilities, more fastidious in their of Latterday Saints, those who know of a surety habits and more conscientious in upholding the trathat the battle against tobacco is to the strong, may ditions of religion and heritage. To smoke was unthere be absolute unity of purpose and strength of

ladylike, and that was that. character manifested in every phase of personal and

attitude. Social pressure is an element most Then suddenly something happened—the war, group

in the establishment of standards, and theperhaps, is the most logical explanation—and the important

many differences between girls and boys, their rights girls and boys of the Church hold in their keeping and prerogatives, disappeared. A new freedom, sothe responsibility of preserving and strengthening

called; a new equality, prevailed, and what was the standards given into their trust by those who bewrong for one was considered wrong for the other; lieve them equal to the task and joy of upholding it.what was sanctioned for the other must be sanctioned—E. T. B.

THE IMPROVEMENT32= ERA

Abominable Creeds

By J. PERCY GODDARD

Member of the Deseret Sunday School Union Board

this centennial year of the Farrar is best known among us, position as set forth in his seras a people, as the author of a mons, and is an answer to someINChurch of Jesus Christ of Latcritics. "Life his innumerable of Christ"and a "Life of of most it has been Saints terday "Eternal Paul."two volumes, The reSt. to enlightening andinteresting Judgand "Mercy and Hope"incorrect of versions of his progress to astonishing Due theview sevreprinted through were ment"niewspaper as based years. stand upon last hundred onethe attached eral Reference editions. Farrar his Dr. reports sermons, of and a in new living are We this in contained to quotations in offending the adsermons published and of change agemiraculous editions article reprint are the to entitled of "Eterin a flood volume a 1878 Literallyvancement. 1904. of this were nal In volume Hope."upon come has wisdomlight and beissue at points chief The included extended and were comments heavens the since worldthe critics his Farrar and tween Dean the the position in defense notes of of Prophet the toreopened headfour under he summarizes in the themselves. taken sermonslatterdays.

as follows: ings, is after the this publication article to However, this of purpose The is "1. fire 'Hell'of the That controversy dureven became more that fact the tocall attention are its agonies that material, and all reached heated not only and marvelous most of century thising agonies. physical Isles parts British the of colooc- and have changes signalprogress "2. 'everlastof the That doom nies in but taken Christian was America up of teachings the incurred

is incurred by the ing damnation'in fact continental Europe. and this of Oversightministers.

of mankind. vast majority be to us among some causedhas disto the widespread very Due is "3. passed this doom That for account to puzzledsomewhat attacks cussion, the numerous and all at death who irreversibly on Joseph to the Lord ofthese words views, Farrar's Dr. he was upon sin. state of in a die "All 1820: of spring in theSmith to led another, in publish 1881 these "4. of the duration That abomination are an creedstheir extended volume, more in and much necessarily is torments material sight."my title undser jand the of ("Mercy incur all them."for endless who

latter Judgment."This book is p. 17. & J.,—M. or read hear people young altogether a defense the author's ofOUR four of "Mercy chapter From present day of sermons the

preachers and, on the whole, they and Judgment"I quote below just are able to subscribe heartily to the a few of the numerous descripthings taught, and they wonder tions cited by Dr. Farrar of the

at the word of the Lord. How- "hell"that had been preached for

ever, in large measure, a new centuries.Christianity is being taught today Calvin, d. 1564—"For ever

which is very different from that harassed by a dreadful tempest, which was taught to our grandthey shall feel themselves torn parents and greatgrandparents a asunder by an angry God, and century ago. broken by the weight of his hand,

We shall present an arraignment and transfixed and penetrated by of some of the common teachings mortal stings, terrified by the of Christian pulpits by one who thunderbolt of God. So that to

was, himself, an eminent preacher sink into any gulf would be more and scholar. tolerable than to stand for a mo99. In 1877 Dr. F. W. Farrar, ment in these terrors."—P.

Dean of Canterbury, preached five St. Ignatius Loyola, d. 1548

sermons in Westminster Abbey, (Founder of Jesuit Order) "Let which, much to his surprise, stirred us fancy we see hell, and imagineup a most heated controversy what is worst to behold—a horthroughout Christendom. Dean The Author rible cavern full of black flames.

600 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

Sulphur, devils, dragons, fire, Several passages are cited setting swords, arrows, that the forth and innumerable the view thought has PERCY GODDARD will roar in despair. the misery of the alof damned who damned work. been active Im- /ways in Church

agine the worst you can, and then Indeed, activity is one of his chief increase the joy of the saints in say, 'All this is nothing compared characteristics. After filling a misheaven.

an became he to Germany, sion hell.'to In that voracious subthe of of comsummary way By Business the in L. instructor D. S. terranean all cavern filth the of "hell,"regarding teachings mon in taught subsequently College, and the collected world is enclosed, and souls that says: College Dr. Farrar Agricultural "But College, Weber

without exhalation or air, which and University of Utah. He is a are to be plunged into a material

also and of U. the of graduate U. must a produce pestifoetid most fire, created miraculously kept or

Since University. York * * * New lence. is sight torof The aflame, be to and tormented with certified practicing been has a 1911 mented frightful devils; by a holy excruciating physical pangs during the of bishop was accountant. He religious at death saw so two monbillions every for for of ages second Stake Liberty in 31st Ward

strous and ugly devils, that he twelve years, is now in the High of sin, while saints and angels cried out that rather than see them Council of that stake and also a rejoice at their sufferings—these again he would walk till the day member of the General Sunday are the assertions which I wish to

of judgment on fire of sulphur School Union Board. hear authoritatively repudiated,

melted and Exand I myself repudiate which metal."—Spiritual

ercises, Medit. XII. (This is one abhorrence. with

of the commonest books of RoSinners in the Hands of an Angry "It is not true that few only man Catholic devotion.) God. have propounded such teachings.

Thomas Boston, d. 1732 Rev. C. H. Spurgeon (noted Such passages may be adduced

"God will hold sinners with one English Baptist preacher, contemfrom thousands of writers of hand over the pit of hell, while porary of Farrar) d. 1892 every class, both Romanist and

a Noncomformist, and in every age—Fourfoldhe torments State,them withp. 102.the other."tormented"When thoualone;diest thythatsoulwillwillbe be Protestant, both Anglican and

Jonathan Edwards (one of the hell for it; but at the day of judgfrom the third century to the ninemost noted of all American preachment thy body will join thy soul, teenth."—Pp. 9596.

ers) d. twinwilt have all judges 1758—"Here thou and then belief in such a "To overthrow of have drops sweating a mixture of mercy, the;hells, but thy soul blasphemies and such horrors

wrath of God will be poured out blood, and thy body suffused with to overthrow a belief which isis upon the wicked without mixture. agony. In fire exactly like that the worst enemy of the Faith, and

Imagine yourself body thy to be have on earth cast into a which we of is immediate parent the which * * * fiery ever unfor oven asbestoslike alwill lie, and imagine of and wretchedness, atheism, of so that your body were to lie there consumed, all thy veins roads for despair."—P. 106.

every for a travel on, quarter to feet of full of the hour, Pain an of "It is continues: Farrar Dean

fire, Devil full as the string a which within nerve as on without and Father that recently quite but a his diabolical fire, bright all coal ever play for shall the while Messrs. and written has Furniss

full lament."unutterable of hell's sense: quick of tune horror what ghastly such published, have Duffy

would you feel at the entrance of—P. 104. tracts as 'The Spirit of Hell,''The

such a furnace? Oh! then how John Foster (English Baptist Terrible Judgment and the Bad

essayist) d. 1843 would if your heart preacher and sink Dying,'the 'The Book of the Child,'is after infinitely that knew beyond millions milyou—"It and copy, like to etc. * * I hardly

lions to faculty apof ages archangel's highest your torment would resuch specimen, of even way by be the of nearer part no to a thousandth prehend an ever end than horrors. volting

it was. to eternal of But in your the doom torment a child a commits "'When hell will be 105. greater immensely than its damnation."—P.horror thrown soul is not sin mortal

this the illustration of (a founder Wesley represents."John is it lions, but a of den into

iii, d. 1791 Works, religion) Vol. Methodist 102. 260, p. These a into den of devils. thrown

all these torments "Consider that pit is fire is prepared, "The times the million more a devils are made ready, the furnace is now of body and soul are without incruel and frightful than lions and hot, ready to receive the wicked: termission. Be their suffering ever tigers, and serpents, and adders,

their so pain ever extreme, be so the flames rage toads, and and glow. do now and and scorpions,

is of there intense, no possibility holds God that The the of over venomous spiders, you and all kinds for their fainting no, not away, hell, pit of in creatures'."much stinging Pp.106, the same way and * all are one moment. * * They as deone a holds spider Is wonder the Lord or some it any

loathsome insect, abhors you and eye, all ear, all sense. Every inclared "All their creeds are an

is dreadfully provoked. * * * He stant of their duration it may be abomination in my sight!"'

will trample them beneath his feet said of their whole frame that In a following article will be with inexpressible fierceness; he they are shown the effect upon men of the

will crush their blood out, and 'Trembling alive all o'er, doctrines herein described and furwill make it fly, so that it will And smart and agonise at every ther that the commonly accepted sprinkle his garment and stain all pore.'belief was that all but a comparahis raiment."—Works, vii, 499. "And of this duration there is tive few of the human race will

"You cannot stand before an no end. * * * Neither the pain be subjected to endless sufferings

infuriated tiger even; what then of body nor of soul is any nearer hereafter with no hope of God's

will you do when God rushes an end than it was millions of compassion or forgiveness beyond against you in all his wrath?"ages ago."—P. 107. the grave.

eMornin Arizona Mountains entire it is to read an as time By Bertha A. Kleinman the work, poet's By Blanche Kendall McKey L<iOVELYpage of one

little delightare there President a talk (Suggested by given by when glow comes golden and OOLLYHOCKS

Price J. Robert Stake) of Maricopa several people which ful bits by LJpeeps over, sun In a hedge the

Kissed, caressed by Laughing Wind can wait nio longer to come to loss the ye roses, rugged light. and mounmen like jDUILD and Dreams rover; a as for aye Known -*-'tains, morn-, mountains zompensation and swings, cradle little a cot where A white

to braced here With shoulders the stormy evening, of a song ing and mother voice stirring of a the And

Sings with the bird in his burnished cage are woven into lines full of beauty sky,

The soft, glad song of a lover. and of peace. July is a month Build ye into the tethered stature

of posies and patriotism and the Designed for you by the Utmost High.

Glints of gold from the yellow bloom warmth of the summer sun. It is

Shine in the heart of me; a month of fragrant dusk, of starBuild ye men like the Rock of Ages,

And varied pinks of hollyhock ry nights, of dewkissed gardens. Cleft for the hosts that come and go,

Power of mystery! Because these poems somehow carry Bulwarks fashioned to shield and shelter,

Envelop my soul with a cloud of joy, with them the freshness and charm As mountains build for the vales beWho cares that youth can't last? of the dew and the stars and the low.

My singing heart is stored with gold fragrance, they seemed to belong

For the hour when joy is past. to July; and although "CompenBuild, ye, build for the eagle's soaring.

sation"has its setting in the spring, Crags and peaks where the stars enCold is pain with his tragic eye it is a prelude to the summer to crown,

He is not mine today; follow. That the ships of state shall come to

Mine is the blue that paints the lake their mooring,

Where glad young children play; Safe where the beaconed hills look

Mine Theis theaspen'sstretchcool,of sweetpastureshadeland, Gone down.

silver glints rays evening the That lights still, the fade. By Christie Lund BuildBuildye formen thelikemarchthe ruggedof themountains,centuries, gold When,

nations gird shall the brotherhood tried to rob me Still life had qnUOVCH seas. seven the over peace brood And Mine is the scent of cloverbloom, I knew dream A. Of every

lilac's wild; incense The I clung all, because I kept them

mountains, the like rugged love, gift of blessed ye the Build men Mine, in you. faith white To my scheme, a Maker's of the child; to type a little laugh of True And

The waiting fields, the yielding earth, But it is well you do not know Towering chiefs that stand in their image

The urge of work begun; How much your going cost; Face to face with the All Supreme!

The hushing peace of a silver moon, Nor know that when I lost that dream

When we have lost the sun. A thousand dreams were lost.

i 1 i Dear little house, you hold my heart! (iThis is the Place"Oh, stirring voice within, Two Song,s

I take your note to quiet fields, By Weston N. Nordgren

To cities'noisy din; By Helen Peterson

is golden hollyhocks glow the place'"and Bright Morning THIS peeps over that the cry sun farflung Hedge That

Pray tell me how gay Laughing Wind ROBIN flew past the garden, Echoing through the mountain fastnesses* with him a song; He brought plains, the Rolling o'er Can choose to be a rover? A bud. woke a The song all nations Deluging

The bud burst into flower With its message to the world,

And a rose greeted the sun. Returns, as prophecy fulfilled.

Compensation Evening "This is the place!"

By Rosannah Cannon "V TIGHT mantled the deep; And here was builded

JLy A star twinkled, By the sturdy pioneers of '47, called cricket the years, gave short months of A throughout me three AndrEY rose in splendor. moon The rain following, sun and By others

To set my house in order; but the pain f i 1 A shrine to God, a holy place

Of dying dulled each lovely thing I saw. A refuge city from the world.

in all alone I dreadful stoodThus awe, TSryce tried pierce eternity, to "This is the place!"And trembling,

When April came and waved her hand to By Vesta P. Crawford And fleeing now to Zion,

the earth, nations the me. of Come

this land; giants made must have learn scenery; for of God; To

strokes, his in massive was r/OOne feet the at study of those ToHow strange in his chisel with other wrought that in the last year I should The live, followed God's command Who

A lilac that for years refused to give hand. And fled from Babylon.

One bloom, burst forth in ecstasies of One was blind and flung his colors wide, white place!"is the "This paint, gorgeous with the he was dauber A

trails fadeAnd tossed Old each fragrant spray for my stride! his followed a master But

delight. Into the vista of the years;

Some said it was a change of soil* * * One struck with flaming thunderbolt Progression comes, and with it peace, but I And slashed the mountain face, Prosperity and happiness,

Know it was Springtime telling me The other came with fine small tools The people here must ne'er forget goodbye. And carved cathedrals in its place! They owe the whole, to God.

Joseph Smith Modern American Prophet A By JOHN HENRY EVANS

I

responsibility are burden others and in this the log house everyhome off "DOURINSIDE is their shoulders twelve; upon * Samuel H., his own who astir, it is a although thing is

is a ones. broad the William, the young of Hotspur He famman till There time dawn. long

ily, is future to the promise, nine; whose Catherine, who who fro of to passing andis constant a

is are father is looking and eight; mother Carlos, and Don who and rooms, lower the twobetween degree pride of small four. and no with other, has been There one leads that ladder the and downup anticipation. died infancy; in Ephraim, who other attic, two where theto

rooms are, with slanting roofs. and there is another to come, of

yet they however, not is whom, do child, the second a as UYRUM, light of candles, flickeringThe will be know, Lucy. whose is name of his parents. ** true son He carried there and here andthey are

up and down, throw dark shadtwenty. Like his mother, he has Three traits stand out promiin these nently ten Smiths. intelligence; like native They good and, changing, ever on the wallsows,

first, are, loyalty to unswerving his father, is deliberate he in speech floor. the onand

their friends; to another one and never manner, taking hasany least the and Smith The family—at second, religious bent, a strong is ty step. his But, once mind of makingolder members it—are satisfaction finds it, which its main up, he goes made through with to the religious topreparations go

revival that is to be held in Manno matter what. By nature he is in prayer and hymn and Bible

chester, not far away. They must tenderhearted and sympathetic reading, for none of them lays any

be in their places by the time the a trait of character that finds its great store by the churches; and,

bugle, which blows at sunrise chief outlet in mothering his third, great physical energy, which every morning, summons the woryounger brother, Joseph. finds vent in hard work mainly.

shipers to meeting. Next comes Sophronia, who is Coming to Palmyra, from Verseventeen. She is a general favormont, four years ago with almost

nothing, a they have twonow ite in the household, merely not this is group, interesting anTT largely farm, hundredacre paid because for years the she many was * fact that the aside family, from for. this, acres of thirty And girl in a family only boys, of but in a heavare pioneersthey hardy cleared as of been have about heavy also because in she babyhood wasily country. timbered as timber can be underbrush and snatched the grave prayer from by

is, all, first father, the of There in the the western part of found faith.

is he and Joseph.whose name When period. this State of York New

is child fourth is full tall Joseph, six The a up,stands he man, who this been "clearing"of has Most is past fourteen disandfeet, of in a now frame, angular with whom trees to sugar planted maple and position that is quiet, thoughtful, we shall hear more as we go on sown periodically to cereals and and deliberate in both word and with our story. other crops.

act. He is in his fortyninth year,

although, on account of much Jhard work and some financial reTH"HEN the Smiths reach theverses, he looks older than that. place where the campmeet-

ing is to be held, they take their seats with several hundred others. AND then there is the mother.

-** Her name is Lucy. She is five Having come early, they can find

years younger than her husband. an empty bench toward the rear.

A woman of good natural intelBut many who arrive later must ligence, she has on more than one perforce be content with a seat on occasion proved a capable mana- a treestump or a fallen log or even ger, and exerts a powerful inon the ground.

fluence on every member of the For "multitudes"have been atfamily, including her even temtracted to this spiritual revival.

pered spouse. Also she can give a From near and far they have come

good account of herself in a bar-—farmfolk, shopkeepers, day lagain. borers, everybody. And they will

Of the children, Alvin is the stay, too, till the meetings are all oldest. He is twentytwo. Big over, whether it requires a week

of body, considerate always of his or a month, and the work at home parents, and a tremendous worker, in the meantime can take care of he has come to be a main prop of itself. Those who live close by,

the family, taking much of the The Author like the Smith family, may come

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 60S

and go as they will, without negsizzle and writhe "with the rest in lecting their daily tasks overmuch. the intense heat.

is the HENRY EVANS live at a distance those OHNBut who J of Years of Hundred author "One in pichave their no difficulty to bring with hadhave them and Church Mormonism,""Our in hell. sinners VOU*- turing their theirtents, food, bedding, A Spoken People,"Word,""The

and their cows even, as well as "How to Teach Religion,""Chilboundless ocean of black flames, their work horses and their saddle dren of the Promise,""The Mesfrom which there comes no light, the Characters of Book and but only heat.ponies. sage

writing is of He now Mormon."of naked human a of Heart Mormonism,"Countlessbodies—men,billions "The children. They writheTN the direction in which the work of 600 pages—to be used in women, and-* crowds are facing is a rude platthe Seminaries—new in its solution in the most excruciating pain of

teachto approach material of and breathe mind. and body They It is for theform. preachers. On the Church. history of He ings and fire. their Fire issues liquid from side the clearing,the opposite of child. as a Wales from to Utah came

deep in the trees and on the edges, After taking his A. B. degree from eyes, their ears, their nose without

are the vehicles in which the rethe U. of U. he spent two summert respite. Their limbs are twisted

vivalists have come, with the tents in the University of California. and distorted into shapes that defy

in which they eat and sleep. description, so horrible are they.

It is at this point in the revival is It full daylight. now The place, are faint. and follows in the same that They women many

is just up. Presentlysun coming strain. little their of dead bathinking

blast.the a loud bugle blows The and of this singing The effect baptized. bies not were who

ceases a for of conversationbuzz is tremenpraying and preaching the is that all. God and Nor

rises in tones again butmoment, dous. deas are pictured saints in heaven

suppressed. Over here men and women are riving great joy out of this scene

But hush! Here are the preachfalling down unconscious, and are of anguish and suffering. This of

are friends carried out by whoers. are five to There not itself is sufficient compensation of them—three nerthe overcome themselves bylocal foreign ministers. and two for their life on earth the "saved"

The imported preachers are noted vous strain. Over there a man beof selfdenial.

"exhorters,"brought here for the gins to bark like a dog. Pretty

purpose. For no one is allowed to soon he runs off into the woods, 'THE image of Deity "holding

speak at a revival that has not the followed by other men, also bark- * sinners with one hand over the power to work up the crowd to a ing furiously. They gather, out pit of hell, while he torments

fervid pitch of emotion. That is there, round a tree, look up into them with the other;''of God

what a religious revival is for. Exits upper branches, and bark vocif- "rushing against you in all his

pectation is on tiptoe. Only the erously. They have "treed the wrath, like an infuriated tiger;"

twittering of the birds in the tree devil."And in another place a and more striking images of a

hysterically in laughs what fulltops can now be heard. man their bring similar kind—these is laugh."is called the "holy He sighs, tears, and groans, quota of

first those others, followed by are both sung. breast are the exfrom of beatings They"CJYMNS farthose then nearest and**- him first tremely think emotional peoas they At women, and men

till every one almost thest away, areple afraid voices, if their of they be do will lot and their what contagion. the caught allso in take not in of the has part as them taught faith the not embrace

the those attend of Most who itsinging. as on, goes But hardly churches. the of one some religion"revivals in "get some isa lifted voice in but song. loud all horror this will when And rest, the for another. or form As is air in the the end veryAnd sinner? Ah, the for end doomed be the in of end them may many feeling.charged tense with never! "After literally never, of seen the to depths into plunge

One of the preachers "leads in the forest with the despairing cry millions of years,"says one of prayer."He is a local man. For on their lips, "Lost I Lost!"the preachers, "it will only be

half an hour he prays. His hands begun. God's wrath will be alto come.'No pauseare clasped before him; his face AND what have the preachers ways 'wrath

is lifted up toward heaven; his "** said that has aroused the feelin that storm."And another devoice fluctuates between a whisper ings of the people to such a high clared that "the bodies of the

and a shout. And here and there, pitch? damned will all be salted with fire,

all over the clearing, are cries of Mainly they have talked of hell. so tempered and prepared as to"Amen, amen!"When the prayHell is a dreadful place—"a burn the more fiercely, and yet never is ended, the man's face runs dark, bottomless pit, full of fire er consumed."And still another,

with sweat drops. and brimstone."That is what quoting from Jonathan Edwards,

one of the exhorters tells them, says, "After millions and millions "\TEXT, one of the imported quoting from the Methodist of ages your torment will be no - ministers, a professional ex- "Catechism."And he goes on to nearer an end than ever it was."

horter and circuit rider, speaks. He say, still quoting, that "the wickbegins in a loud voice, for feeling ed in hell will be punished by hav- "COR the men who conduct this

is already in a high key everying their bodies tormented with revival have but a poor opinwhere. For two hours he talks, fire, and their souls by a sense of ion of human nature. All men

and shouts, and gesticulates wildthe wrath of God."The "wickare thoroughly bad. All womenly. When he is through, he is like ed"are all those who have not and children also—especially woone whose life has gone out of joined some church. Even unbapmen, who are so often and easily

him. Another exhorter takes his tized infants are in this class; they led by the devil. And they are all

604 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

bad because of the "fall"of Adam, He is about fourteen years old the field, plowing and otherwise seed that for the soil the preparing neither in for his gave they awkward, which age, and nor—tall are planted. be They Yet, boyls. is soon to their consent. withheld only like most growing The

way they can be saved is to join as you look into his piercing blue his father and his brothers. And

one of the churches. Any one of eyes, deepset, in an oval face, and noisy, petulant crows flit hither

them will do. No person there at the abundant blond, wavy hair, and yon along the black furrow,

even thinks of asking a question your attention is arrested by someseeking for worms.

like that of the old pagan chief thing back of it all, like the promBy rights he should be with

What has become of those who ise of a'fair day held out by a these workers, for in spite of his never heard of Christ? And one brilliant sunrise. fourteen years, he has a man's

of the greatest churches of the time The log cabin, out of which the body. But he is not with them.

teaches that millions of men and boy has just come, has a temHe has other business in hand.

women are damned before they are porary look. Low by comparison After that is done he will square

born even, and millions are saved with town houses, it is as if it himself with them and with his in the same way. It is the docwere endeavoring to attract to itmother, whom he has left in the

trine of "predestination."self as little attention as possible. house and who imagines, no

Nor do these preachers have a It is chinked with mud and topped doubt, that he has gone to join very high opinion of God, either. with split poles overlaid with them in the field.

For they ascribe to him some very "dirt."And the door is low He looks up at the sky. The

horrible qualities. One of them too low for the stalwart men sun is low in the east. Not a cloud

says that "the wrath of God will folk who live inside. The winis to be seen anywhere. What a

be poured out upon the wicked dows, too, are unconscionably glorious day it is! How sweet

without mixture of mercy."Ansmall, as if they feared to let in the breath of spring! The gentle

other speaks of the "devouring too much sunshine. movement of the water comes up

God,"as if Deity were some feroto him, and he glances down at that was the way of log it. Already the grass has begun cious wild beast, and of the "sham- "DUT

everyin pioneer times houses green the banks just to tinge with bles of Omnipotence."A "shamtheir where. rough, Above the stream. unabove ble,"as know, you may already

is a slaughterhouse. And then hewn logs and apologetic air alGod is described as inventing all ways hung the rainbow of a better XJE turns his eyes toward the

** west. There is a slight rise, sorts of strange engines of torture day—a day when they would be

for sinners in hell. Indeed, God's supplanted by commodious strucalmost imperceptible, as if the

chief characteristic would appear tures of lumber or stone or brick. ground had decided to make an

to be his "wrath,"which he is In front of the youth, to the upland and then changed its mind.

forever "visiting"on some one or west, is a rail fence. On the other The spot yonder is covered with

other, either here or in that botside of this fence is a roadway trees. It is the grove. But the

tomless pit with black flames. with deep ruts in it, made by place has not been denuded befor this is responsible this is anand beyond roadway drops gaze His be cultivated.

rail fence.WHOmonstrous wagon wheels in the soft earth; cause the ground cannot profitably deity with his other he climbs These leads that road to the narrow again

place of terror? We do not know, leisurely, going over each of fhe from where the bridge is to where

and it does not matter in the least. fences one leg at a time. Then the trees are. But the grove holds

Of this, however, we may be he enters a narrow lane leading his eyes riveted, as if he entertains sure—every good, orthodox Chriswestward, down a gentle decline, serious thoughts concerning it.

tian believes this characterization past a cooper's shop with a board Pretty soon he crosses over the of God and hell and the sinner, floor, to a brook over which is bridge, walks forward to the west not only in the United States, a bridge. It is not much to look with some boldness as of a mind

but in England and on the conat, this bridge, for it is only five made up at last, and disappears tinent of Europe. Even the preachpoles thrown across the stream from sight among the trees.

ers themselves approve the picture, and held together by strips of is it longer except hour it in moments when their board. will do. But later—or

he that? emerges better nature and good sense comes unhastingly, ANthan walks he Down

to the surface. Jonathan Edwards, his head bent forward slightly, as from the grove.

the worst offender of them all, of one who is meditating deeply, Somehow he looks different, alonce admitted to a friend that he or troubled. Of what is he thinkthough you cannot tell in what

sometimes had his doubts and fears ing? He reaches the small creek. respect. He goes down the narrow

passes over to road the brook, in is water the matter of God's treatment There much, in it—not

rail bridge, the goes slowly sinners. up of a faint but enough murthe to make

the board floor, retraces his steps—forThetheSmithsrevivalgo homehas keptthatupnightall looksmuringaround.sound. He pauses jand incline past the cooper's shop with

enters the log cabin. and at in glances the house. many thoughts back night—withday and the greater part of the over the road with the wagon ruts,

their heads. Especially HEIt one of the in the stands midst of a very Something strange, even

boys. cfearing. All around is the forest, extraordinary, must have hapcenturies old, in which, as he very pened over there among the trees.

A BOY comes out from under well knows, are other clearings There can be no doubt about that.

* the widespreading eaves of a with other log cabins and yards when you take into consideration log house, into the front yard. and outhouses. Workers are in all the appearances.

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 605 misgivings. although I could not see him. My For one thing, as he comes along joined—not without

the road to where the brook is and A thunderclap from a clear sky. tongue was bound, so that I could

up the incline leading to the log not utter a sound; thick darkness

cabin, he takes no note whatever HTHE mother pauses in her work gathered round me, so that I could

I was of anything around him—neither * and scans the boy's face curinot see anything; and

of the grass, nor the water, nor ously. She gazes about as if in thrown to the ground, unable to

the breath of spring, nor the workbewilderment, then resumes her apmove. I thought my time had

ers in the field with the crows plication of the brush to the cloth. come, so terrible was it all. But

following them noisily, nor the Presently she says, without look- I kept on praying in my heart forest encircling all. He is as uning up for God to deliver me from this

conscious of these as if they did "What was that you said just power.

presses, exist. Straightnot ahead he JosPresbyterianism, about now to give up about as I was completely absorbed in his eph?"JUST

a above me I saw in despair, thoughts. it's not the true church, "That

mother; any more than Methodbright light 'way over the tops

bright very It trees. was the thing, aphe of the for another is, or any ism AND the light of the than** pale very es. pears very and both other church-—brighterof

I different. at only noon, sun a a word. never has as says had of one weak, She who For that light. on mind my is kept it, color terrible There All the encounter. mother. "I know the me, towards as it came down all that about it at has gone from his cheeks, in my doubt beno bound that horrible held me power fore so full of health. were His mind."

pret its hold, and loosen began to if legs for all the look world as "But how do you know that, free again. ty soon I was give will they minute any way son?

I was surthat I saw "Then best of ways, the road. very dropand on him down "In the

light. In bright the by rounded is it this because Especially the case he God mother. when I know

is in the act of climbing over those has told me!"the light were two Persons, They ground, the on standing not were rail fences. azure boy!"eyes "Joseph, And his my

off ground the air a little the in truth, mother. I but look the faraway that strange,have "That is exactly me. They front of see in Oh, in persons just in that you had a have them vision—and and in form other each resembled it their was!"oblivious are utterly wonderful to howwho

surroundings. Entering the house, "Tell me about it, Joseph dear. features.

he walks up to the fireplace and I would like to hear about it. "One of them said to me, 'Josleans against the mantel for supYou know, I believe in visions eph, this is my beloved Son. Hear

port. His mother is putting the and revelation, and I have often him.'At the same time he pointfinishing touches on a piece of wondered why so few in the ed to the other.

oilcloth intended for a table covchurches do.""As soon as I could get over

ering. Without looking up, she my astonishment, I asked this holy

asks him about the men in the "VOU remember, mother, my Personage which of all the churches field, in the mistaken impression, * telling you last week about I should join.evidently, that he has come from that passage in James—'If any "He said I should not join any

them. of you lack wisdom, let him ask of them, for they were all wrong.

I told you that PresHe does not answer. of God, that giveth to all men That is why

She repeats the question, and liberally, and upbraideth not; and byterianism is not the true church,

when he does not reply this time it shall be given him?'Well, I and that I knew it. Just think,

either, she lifts her eyes to his have been thinking about that mother, not any of them is right, face. Clearly she is alarmed. She verse ever since. I could not get it and we all thought that some one

rises and goes up to him. She out of my head. It worried me of them must be, but didn't know

puts her hand caressingly on his very much. which."

Ishoulder. needed wisdom, "I knew idea. His at the pauses boy if 'T'HE I didn't did, for know one "Joseph, what is the matter? any it has indeed as study, * face is a

Are you sick? Has anything hapwhich of the churches to join. been all along, with its changing

pened?"But as soon as I decided to pray expressions of seriousness and joy,

"I am all right, mother,"he about it, I became afraid. You of distress and awe, or surprise

I've aloud never prayedanswers. "Nothing is the matter know counecstasy. For Joseph's in and

of I thought more The my life.with me."register is a perfect of tenance

She looks into his face long it, though, the more uneasy I got. his evervarying emotions and

and anxiously, then goes back to And so I made up my mind that thoughtswhich his mother, from to the test, no put James I would attention her painting.her But long experience, knows how to

it be. might hard howis her and matter divided between interpret. work

her son, for she looks now at the "And so this morning I went "What else were you told, Josone and now at the other. over to the grove yonder to pray, eph?"

Pretty soon Joseph speaks again. where no one would see me. "Why, I was told that the docHe says, "Mother, I have found "As soon as I had knelt down trines taught by the churches are

out for myself that Presbyterianand begun to pray aloud, some not of God at all, but of men, ism is wrong."dreadful power from the unseen and that they are an abomination

Presbyterianism is the mother's world took hold of me. It was to him."

church, which she has but recently a real person, mother, I am sure, (Continued on page 624)

Out of the Burniri

had found the medical terms no stumbling block. Verucca pedis,

three years IVY WILLIAMS STONE the simple, but possibly painful,in finishingAi.FTERschool, Portia Haraffliction known as foot wart. It

rison came home with an elabChapter Eight was pleasant to know the patient orate diploma. She had handiwork would be neither ether sick nor

of hammered brass and tooled racked with pain.

leather, painted pictures and fancy previous wages, the sum of seven B. H. Reeves. Pamela glanced

china. She spoke a little polite dollars a day seemed munificent. at the name on the chart, but

French, but to her father's disgust, She felt keenly independent, alwas conscious of no special sigknew nothing of A Tale of Two most rich, as she reported for duty. nificance about it. Probably some

Cities. She had a loving cup for old gentleman who had been unthe best score in golf; she had aware of a nail in his shoe. He

ridden the horse that made the Miss Harrison,"would want her to play endless best hurdle jump. She had a the supervisor spoke crisply and checkers and read Pickwick Papers.

book full of recipes for midnight impersonally, "you are fortunajte Seven dollars a day! Elated and

lunches. Her hair had a brittle, to have such a simple case to beconfident, Pamela pushed open the

lacklustre appearance, showing the gin with. There will be no operadoor and came face to face with

effect of many permanents and tion; it is simply recuperation after Spike Reeves, her sister Portia's

several attempts at tinting. Like verucca pedis."She handed Paconstant companion.

the Curly who came down from mela one of the familiar charts.

Crow's Nest, the hair at the scalp "The patient needs mostly to be was valiantly trying to assert its amused,"she added. "The longer Morning nurse,"

own heritage. But in spite of her he can be kept from using his feet, grinned that young man, keenly

gay appearance and elaborate the better the recovery."The enjoying her surprise, "I asked Dr.

wardrobe, Portia seemed bored, as overtaxed supervisor turned to Locke to get you. I have already

if weary with life as she found it. more serious matters, leaving Padischarged two nurses. Do you

mela to scan the chart and start know what is the matter with her duties. me?"He made a grimace of aspain. Verucca pedis! nice to sumed How three A:.FTER "Verucca pedis,"answered Payears in know the what term meant. attended Harrisontraining, Pamela

a simple but impressive ceremony Thanks to her thorough course mela, swiftly assuming the impersonal attitude of the professionin Latin, she nurse. a emerged graduate and

al nurse. will let have to "You your striped black uniform White and feet rest for time. some you Do cap; an outlay of enormous what want your breakfast served at the signified! they energy of Weeks right left or the of your bed?"

; routine wearying unquestioning obedience; nights devoted "I've been wearing rubberto study when her body soled golf shoes too much,"grumbled young Mr. cried for rest. Suspense,

crowned with pride; deReeves. "Didn't know what was the matter feat, tinged with re with me at first; felt gret. In the nonetoo-large audience like a thousand

were her parents, needles sticking in feet every time my and Aunt Eunice

I stepped. And all Locke, Doctor

reflecting pride and in the mornings, satisfaction. Docwhen I first got

tor Dick, The up, WHOOPEE!

Shadow, had obNow for my breaktained leave of abfast,"he continsence for the occaued. "See if you

casion. Even Portia, can get me some hot

who was herself just biscuits with plenty returned, came with of butter and marmaSpike Reeves and tried lade. Also, grape fruit

not to appear bored. and fried liver with

A fortnight later, Pascrambled eggs. I've

mela was called back to had oatmeal and bran the hospital for her first spe up here sufficient for a cial case. In comparison to her "/ need you. too. Pamela."lifetime. Later, you

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 607

I never earned one single penny; need for effort in the heat of the

Portia never earned a penny. Just afternoon, Abe picked up his gun

where would we be at when there and leisurely sauntered over the were no pennies to spend?"hill toward the commotion. His

"There is no law against selfsmall, barefoot son tagged, unsupport,"replied Pamela. "And noticed, at his heels. A dark obverucca pedis is not a permanent ject near the top of a naked, dead

disablement."tree was the coveted prize. Abe

"I hardily think Portia and I shouldered his gun and fired, but would make a go of it,"persisted the raccoon did not fall.

Spike. "Still, I rather like the "Wal, I just natur'lly forgot

family. I really think the Goveryouns ca'tidges,"he spoke to the

nor would be pleased if I switched gun in a mild, regretful tone. A

my affections to you."return being too hot and weary,

"Let's hurry through this Abe proceeded to set fire to the story,"Pamela hastened to make tree, and sought refuge from the conversation, "and finish it before heat under a tree. He fully inbut developments; to watch tended Portia hours. Perhaps blackvisiting and uniform Pamela—White slight and shade pleasant the be come. Locke will will Dr. outlay an enormous what cap;striped sleep. to He lulled breeze him soon, too?"here signified. theyof energy

"Oh I say, Pamela,"Spike was roused from a pleasant dream child, and of a screams frantic and by his bed rose from half page. sport To Reeves readcan me the afire! little The Stephen found to embrace suddenly out reached fight!"prize that I missedthink burned, pitifully feet were bare you nurse, "do fairhaired his

B: EFORE the end of knowcomes?"whatHeto laugheddo untilatthehisdoctorown thea masslittleof shirtflames,andwhilefadedtheoverallschild

the week, Pamela knew she was quibble, but Pamela was not in ran screaming about, fanning the earning every penny of her seven her chair to receive the embrace. iungry flames. Obeying almost

dollar fee. Spike Reeves was exInstead, she stood at the foot of a blind instinct, Abe hurried as

acting, arrogant and irritable. Pathe bed and addressed her patient he had never done before and

mela thought of her surmise about in a manner not outlined in any dipped the boy in the creek. But

checker games and classics and text on sick room etiquette. while this method effectively

smiled ironically. For hours she quenched fire, it had no healing

read from gorgeoushued magaeffect upon the burned body. The

zines, filled with wild, impossible Y OU should not have little boy writhed in pain and the tales of Western daring and robeen permitted in this hospital!"simple home remedies which the

mance. Spike demanded special she cried. "You are occupying family had, gave no relief. Lookfoods, special privileges, and told a room which is needed by some ing at his small namesake, whom

his friends to disregard the hosdeserving patient. You are not he was unable to help, Steve

pital calling hours. Wasn't his ill; many a person has verucca Turner gave quick orders.

tasks. daily his with continues old the director? Hadn't and afather tote ter him agoin'air "Weuns

is just this job nurse special on laborathe X-ray doctor Aman endowed thar thet ter yonder it. down I don't want time. a of the such marking son Surelytory? see ter hyar up come what man people who to wait on entitled to spegoing father I'mgenerous was with air a workin'Curly Granny.

I don't sick. want are reallycific consideration. hospetel too. thar thet in your him I won't a day! dollars seven you know, Pamela,"he old "Do curin'ways."knows Curly

announced one evening, interruptstay in a room that's blue with stories absurd read and of a "deadachievements smokeing the sight! to jO it happened that normal with I will a lazy "I don't think man lady,"shot

marry Portia, after all."I hope my sister Portia never marwhile Pamela sought to regain her

"My name is Miss Harrison."ries you!"

Pamela felt so fed up on this imThis outburst was followed by possible patient that she disre- a burst of tears and Pamela dashed garded her training in etiquette. from the room, leaving a surprised

"And I might add that perhaps young man to meditate upon the my sister Portia will not marry ways of women. As Pamela had

you."Secretly she was not so sought refuge from Bud Harrison

sure of Portia's decision, but she on the sleeping porch, so she now could not let this arrogant richhurried out to the roof garden, man's son feel that the decision which she knew would be praclay entirely with him. tically deserted at this hour.

wH, I believe she FROM his comfortable would all right,"drawled Spike bench beside the cellar Abe Walwith exasperating assurance. "But ters felt need for action. The

we are too much alike. We do dogs had treed a raccoon and their

nothing but play; neither one of excited yelps demanded that he

us ever took anything seriously. finish the job. Sighing over the Portia—Home from finishing school.

608 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

selfpossession on the roof garden, "There would be no doctor's that nurse,"boasted old Doctor her attention was attracted to a fee,"added Doctor Dick. Locke the next day, w(hen the

queer procession filing up the hos- "And there would be no nurse's saline treatment was under way.

pital walk. Steve Turner stalking fee,"put in Pamela. "I have just "They'll make one wonderful

ahead, carrying the prostrate boy; left my last and first case."Docteam."

Abe Walters following, subdued tor Locke shot her a quick, underand chastened. Cassy and Millie standing grin. "Hope he has to

bringing up the rear, their faces walk home,"he muttered under r AMELA immediateswollen and reddened with tears. his breath, which was an honest, ly found all the opportunity she

Pamela forgot her own troubles if unprofessional, wish. had craved for real service. Every

and looked again to make doubly 'There will be drugs and meditwo hours for seven weeks the sure of the identity. There was cines and a private room."body of little Stephen Walters was

no mistaking Steve Turner's bold, "I shall ask my father,"Pamela subjected to the saline treatment, defiant stride, nor the dejected wohad a happy thought. a spray of salt water at a moderate

men. Pamela hurried to the eletemperature. The bed coverings

vator and met the little procession. were suspended from a center rod,

the bed with warmed numerous Steve "Curly,"Turner accepted the skeptical NDER Uf globes. child lay under The as perfectly her appearance staff, hospital natural, eyes of the Doctor light

the soothing influence of a sedalittle bad. "our burned boy air took Harrison Nurse Dick and

tive, regaining consciousness only is a he's got, case. powerful Et misery charge of the mountain boy

Curly. Youns an'thet thar docThey knew he would die. If he occasionally to eat, and then again

tor must keer fur him, Curly."chanced to live, he could never sank into stupor. The pinch

"He's got misery aplenty,"walk; he would be a burden for graft, consisting of small disks of

sobbed Cassy. that poor family, and eventually flesh composed of seven layers of

"He won't talk no more; he's the state. His knee ligaments skin, was a source of much conthet pinin',"Millie struggled for would shorten, the arms would jecture and skepticism; this young

selfcontrol and failed miserably. wither. doctor certainly had faith in his

"I war awatchin'ter see thet Just as Judge Harrison was new ideas! Finally, as if in anthar coon come down,"began Abe about to retire that night, he had swer to Pamela's prayer, Doctor

Walters, "but I nary seed the boy an unexpected visit from his Dick announced one morning in a follerin'. He alius wanted fire; daughter Pamela. Excitedly she an offhand manner, as if he were

speaking of the weather, "Glad to thought et war so purty. I nary—explained her urgent need for

"Never mind how it happened, money; described the pitiful consay, Miss Harrison, that the grafts

Mr. Walters,"interrupted Curly, dition of the child until Echo took. Ninetysix per cent of them

who was again the selfpossessecT, sobbed openly and offered her are good. The child will live."

efficient nurse. "Stop your crysmall savings. Portia, though Ninetysix per cent successful!

ing, Millie. Doctor Locke will none too happy that Pamela was The news spread, and those who

cure little Steve."caring for Spike Reeves, (as she had been so skeptical came hursupposed), appeared interested and rying to see the marvelous cure.

crept out, a news The making less bored. Locke >UT Doctor B surgeon name almost for a young "I need money. You will help, the optimistic. was not so Up in over night. Father?"you won't exceedhe looked consulting room they a "Told were you good stupidity act of utter an "Such as his grave head ingly shook and team,"Locke, beamed as Doctor

is expect from one might what gazed doctors the assembled upon results the were exactly what mountaineer,"mutif ignorant an sight the the of appalling naked he expected. had suppose Harrison. tered "I Judge bad, burns. mighty "Mighty

bad,"he muttered, inwardly ravhe went to sleep and the child fell tree. the burning *at And then the ing dipped into had man who regained HEN he

water!"to submerge him in creek. child in the the "Hardly normal consciousness,W the nervous

know what to do.""But Dad, the cause of the condition of the mountain child

"Shall we try ambarine?"sugburns is immaterial; it's the cure was augmented by fear of new

gested one surgeon. I want. I've got to have help. surroundings. He screamed for "Burns are too deep,"replied If you won't, I'll—Granny until Pamela discarded her

Doctor Locke. "Wouldn't do any "Who said I wouldn't help?"uniform for a dull gray dress,

good."snapped Judge Harrison. "Go and similar to those to which he was

"O Dad, let me take the case,"tend the child, Pamela, if that's accustomed, and she now spoke urged the shadow. "I feel sure what it takes to make you happy. only in the mountain dialect.

I could do it with the saline spray, Tell the hospital superintendent Her soothing tones of "Youns you know."that Judge Harrison will pay all sure has got a misery, son,"pro-

"Too severe,"cautioned anbills you approve. I was going duced more results than medicine.

other physician. to buy you a little car, but if this As fear of shortened ligaments ne- "I'd keep him under morphine,"is your choice—cessitated the stretching of the inurged Doctor Dick. "Let me take "A thousand times!"cried Pajured leg with weights, Pamela

the case, Dad. There's only one mela joyously, and with a hasty found her ability taxed to the utchance in a thousand that the boy kiss for each of them, she was most. She invented tales which

will live, but there's that chance."gone. would appeal to his knowledge of

"It will be a long, expensive "If any two people can save life. She slept on a cot in his

battle,"cautioned Dr. Locke. that child, it will be my boy and room, taking her meals with him.

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 609

For days no substitute could rehis rounds, leaving the mountain as she had chastened young Benlieve her from the exacting strain. boy to the last. Then taking a jamin Harold Reeves. She now

Millie and Cassy came to the door, night nurse with him, he went stood still, possessed of a great saw his emaciated form and left into the small square that had flooding peace and contentment.

sobbing. The affections of the housed Pamela so closely for ten For moments she made no rechild were transferred entirely to weeks. sponse, and the time seemed like

the everpresent nurse. Pamela "Miss Harrison, here is a subeternity to the impatient lover.

invented a game called "graft stitute for the night. Tomorrow "We made a good team, Pamedaisies,"weaving delightful tales your little charge will be moved la,"he prompted.

about the red fields they left, and out to Harrison Home, to gain "I'll try to nurse for you althe white blossoms they became strength before returning home. ways, Dick,"whispered Pamela,

in their new lodging places on Miss Eunice has agreed to keep "without wages."Doctor Dick

the red, inflamed limbs. him as long as necessary."stooped and kissed the golden curls

"I ain't never goin'ter leave that had never known an iron.

little Steve. volunteered Curly,"marvelously out you came "How ten weeks, A..FTER I can the "Look, Doctor, pull of burning of life,"he muthow again, announcedDoctor Dick

tered. leg up."will send us to "Dad child will walk. 'The You my

'Those sentiments are contagiVienna Pamela. on a honeymoon, relievedshould be soon now, Miss

I shall study and you can pokeHarrison. The important work ous, young fellow. Come up on

is over."the roof garden, Miss Harrison, around and learn more history."

"Say, Dad,"Doctor Dick defor a breath of fresh iar."

clared to his father as they drove night, that "thathomeward boy r ROM the vantage Pamela movedTiHEher nextsmallmorningcharge put up some fight."point of the elevated porch the from the hospital to Harrison

"Some nurse,"came the laconic twinkling lights of the city looked Home. It was pleasant to loiter,

answer. "Wonder it didn't wear enticing. Pamela breathed deeply pushing the invalid chair along

her out."and stretched her arms out to the the shady walks. Presently Spike

"She ought to have a rest, Dad."darkness. "I have stayed in too Reeves drove past, saw her and

"Well, son, give it to her."closely,"she admitted, "but that immediately returned.

child so!"needed "It me takes money to marry these poor spite of "In neglect my nurse's too, "I need you,days, Dad."feet well,"got he smiled. Pamela,"my

"Money be hanged!"cried Docwhispered Doctor Dick. "I need Pamela flushed, but remembertor Locke impatiently. "From the you for more than ten weeks, or ing her new estate she took courday I knew she was the lost Harten months, or ten years. I need age and replied,

forever!"her forrison twin, you. you I wanted

ill, really been your you "Had betterShe's blood got good and "Oh!"

left breathed Pamela quickly. nurse never you."have would

training. ever use Doctor She won't money "Tell me,"demanded little lecture did "That me a

rod.as her measuring suddenly Walking Dick growing good, of stern, world Harrison. Miss

easy job from on good run an did you away from "whyaway it. to about I want tell you

boy, this Reeves mountain to come with Spike up here andpay to AndI thought your running was away no wages at all, proved that. Becry? a do that often, you

sides I've never had a chance to "Because he wanted to marry know. stall—girlsI felt sure you would

spend my earnings, excepting in me,"admitted Pamela. For the come back. So I didn't ring. I

educating one boy and forgetting third time the tears were again just waited; and waited and

to send bills. If I could find a imminent. "I don't want to marwaited! When I finally rang,

a promising the a mountaineer, of nornice ry son man, M. young I came, so get nobody to had up

a to started overrich of the son make has an man!"D. who walk. and to going I'm Now

recry every himself, was "If time for you and you whoname it's work. Honest. thinks Dad

a ceive I don't better proposal, to married, be you'd openabout know a bluff, just busibig but I mean a I the gates the flood send on again,"came himbut what would it, I like ness. really. be- I'm

honeymoon to Vienna, so he could prompt rejoinder, "because I'm ginning at the bottom. Oh, and

a asking bit more."pennime, a you tostudy marry the way, someday, may I call a by doctor there's only with that young Reeves, less young "But other you than Miss Harrison?"

I her."you, love started. PacareerDad. I know yes.""Someday, Pamela wonBut stood because have mela, you maybe "Yeh, heso—maybe.likes the dered traveled so rapidhow news

selfreturned she poverty, privation, fires ofI happen to know iythe check for a week's wages which education, and have been unspoiled <("Well, if Portia continues stubhis father sent her."by later affluence. I love you beborn, it won't ever be sister Pacause you work for the love of mela."

a successful the work. made We breathed "Oh,"with Pamela Dick Doctor little shaver. that YdUNG with team relief, Won't double that you "do mean father, understandat hisgrinned forever?"with team you me sister Portia has refused to my as to they man maning. Then

gripped each other's hands. "I'll marry you?"

see if I can fill your specifications OOMEHOW Pamela about that ocean trip,"added Docfelt no need for flight as she had OPIKE smiled his astor Dick. done with Bud Turner. She felt sent. "She has done just that

That evening Doctor Dick made no need to lecture Doctor Dick (Continued on page 637)

The Historicity o Jesus By DR. WILLIAM J. SNOW

Of the BriQham Young University

THE March Improvement the Jesus story a myth) "a still were to return to raise the deadINEra, J. M. Sjodahl presents larger (but less learned body) and annihilate all evil. Such were

Osiris, Ceyble, for Krishna, desperately the actual hisAdonis, suggestive fight a rather timely and 1 toricity of Jesus. was and Mithra. last named The article as an Historical on Jesus

rock, a miraculously born from further Personage. Perhaps some

this light said a great that be redeeming can with came probably TT subject this elaboration would of *"is inlike the sun, initiated constantly larger devotees body by readers the of to helpful be many lustrations of an of Yale, creasing. water Hopkins blood and question least the the Era. of At

, stuscholar profound earthly his and (baptism) brought is that Assyrian one discussion raised for has confronted the Christian world dent of unquestioned learning decareer to an end in a last supper;

clares story of emphatically, to heaven where "The then ascended and aroused conyears in recent and

Christ 2 This is no myth."his supernatural help continued is he the in evidence as to the troversy

typical of Bible scholars whose to his devotees, and from whence case.

sole desire is to set forth the truth he would come to resurrect and 4 The writer of this brief article deduced after carefully evaluating redeem them all in the last days.

to called forcibly this matterhad evidence. the deities, these acvarious Now to his in attention answer when, is at this to point It apropos as companied were they mysby call ago, a he short a time phone negative the basis of the suggest terious cults practices, and were received the query, you know "Do grounds are position. two There nevertheless mythical; they had no 'the outside of proof any New of out attack; and of growing one existence. actual arisChristianity, lived?"ever Jesus thatTestament its validity for upon depending filled in ing a world such with the disclosed discussionFurther basic assumption other. the The beliefs, a likewise must have a teacher energetic of fact that an little is is since there so that then founder, Christ, hence the Messiah, been in class hadsenior Mutual 5 the outside Jesus of mention New invented. arwas the Such was question. this verychallenged by probability the story Testament all faces gument. Case these arlife the faith in perfect andHaving is is Chrisof invention that he an fairly guments estimates their and teacher the Christ, Jesus ofmission a writers. tian Drews, Arthur value. says, all the He "When a entertained thought neverhad of in the University professor hisagainst evidence Jesus'brought historicity 3 exhis ofthat doubts a in Karlsruhe, wrote 1910 book is it is toricity surveyed foundisted anywhere. entitled Christ In Myth.""The to contain strength. elements of no

this the Germentions he work theories All that explain would asXJOWEVER, that contending Bauer, man, the rise of the Testament New -LJknown amongit isstudentsgenerallyof Jesus a of pure invention was it literature a purelv by making comparative religions and of the Mark's. Then follows a discussion fictitious product, fail. 6

Genesis of Christianity, that the of the legendary theory and the gospel has story been chalwhole a reagiven have authorities who as to the evidence lay of XTOWlenged discussed seriously and this theory. of exposition for soned "historians in the Roman a century. half Forthanmore is the American, them Among W. world. be there It must admitted

tunately, for doubting Thomases Benjamin Smith, author of "The are but few authenticated referfor those happily who, withand PreChristian Jesus."(1906). ences. to not This is be wondered

still see desire tofaith unshaken, as at, however, charobscure an their assurances confirmed by extra is the acter in a remote part of the Roevidence, the scholars quiteBiblical "DRIEFLY theory? Itthen,is basedwhatessentially empire man great not arouse would

generally both in Europe and upon the fact that Christianity interest or concern among Pagan conclureached the haveAmerica in in evolved a world which bewriters. Moreover, be it must

traditionalsion the that story of lief general. in a Savior was God {Continued on page 638)

life is essentially true,Christ's that peothe longing of the To satisfy he did actually live, and that his ple for a religion of redemption, 4For an interesting discussion of this subject see S. Angus,influence "Mystery Religions reached has down Saviors preChristian had various and Christianity,"passim, Cf. Case, centuries the prestothrough the Savior Gods appeared. These Shirley Jackson, "Experience the withsent. Carpenter, Says English an bodies, died earth, took to Supernatural came in Early Christian Times,"

scholar of great renown who still and were resurrected and finally Chap. IV Heroic Redeemers.

remains in the camp of the skep5Carpenter op. cit. pp. 210221. Cf.tics, "Nevertheless, I need hardly 1 Carpenter, Edward—"Pagan and Case, Shirley Jackson, "The Historicity

Jesus,"II, of III, Chapters IV. Creeds and Christian—Their Origin and learned large as that andremark

"See op. cit. Case Case p. 130132. 210. Meaning,"pp. reprehere opinion ofthe body to E. leading of allows the scholars negative Washburn—"History 2 Hopkins,

sented is,"(he has been quoting Religions,"p. 55 2. play their trump cards and then turns

authorities who purport to prove 3Vide Carpenter, opcit, p. 209. the trick with scholarly evidence.

I. A. Slogan for 1930 The M.

This address prepared and delivered by Cyril Curtis, an Eagle Scout of Downey, Idaho,

PortneufStake, won first place in the M Men's public speaking contest.—Editors.

suffering and sacrifice of many genINthatthe confrontmidst of usall astheLatterdayproblems itage; it has come through the toil,

erations. Our paramount duty,

Saints, surely no problem is of then, is to preserve and enlarge greater magnitude than the "Presupon it, which brings us to the ervation of our Heritage."What last point of this discussion. The

an inspiring and timely theme! first is: Of what does our heritage

In discussing this allimportant is: consist? second point The

subject treat I wish to it us, to has come and the upon three Howpoints: third, last is: and important most

First: Of what does our herWhat must we do to preserve and

itage consist? enlarge upon our heritage? Second: How has our heritage

come to us? expect herto preserve our we Third: must What to TF** we do itage the must obey same we preserve enlarge and our upon laws principles that and brought

heritage? these blessings to us. We are said

by the world to be a peculiar peofirst get to to the back ple. heritage so. us has Our made"MOW-*- point. does our what Of identity maintain must our We heritage consist? not Could we Cyril Curtis it if peculiarity, even and does

it that consistssay that of all has it is cause persecution, great for a to forefathers, uscome our from

It result the is the of cost the best minds, of blessing. and blood spiritual a ofboth temporal and habits ideals pursue, that it and the centuries us. to to we bringnature? forefathers our we From teach of the principles it that and courfor brave, the we not Were inherited strong,have healthy

bodies. The Gospel of Jesus ageous souls of past ages we might the laws that we obey.

Christ in its fulness and power is still be under bondage of serfdom, In the final analysis, the preserours as an inheritance. forced to bow as slaves to nobility, vation of our heritage depends

toil, forced to forced to worship. solely willingness our to upon

all in people have the world No appreciate deour we what Do law. obey the the obey must Wereceived blessings such wonderful are willing mocracy and means we of the land, laws teach law and

Ias Saints. the have Latterday it? to part in preserving our do in observance the the school home, realize ourwonder what if we

heritage means to us? Perhaps we and the church. This teaching

be as example, well must done by heritage have the of our its better value appreciate TJ[7Ewould precept. create should as by We bebodies vv wonderful simply of point the second upif we take

respect for law, love and and progenitors our lived a higher is:the discussion has cause which How elect officers and support law, a law that if obeyed promshould Briefly to us?our heritage come

we may say that it has come ised them that they should "run who will enforce the law. Only

through the toil and sacrifice of and not be weary,"that they by obedience to law can our politothers. No great good has ever should "walk and not faint,"ical heritage be preserved.

been accomplished without great and that "great treasures of knowleffort, unselfish love and sacrifice edge"should be theirs "even hidTF we expect to preserve and peron the part of someone or some den treasures."It took ideals and pctuate strong, healthy bodies

group of persons. The Master perseverance on the part of our we must live in harmony with the

himself is the greatest example parents tc build and keep their laws of health. We make a misthat we have. His life was one bodies strong and pure. They were take when we say that we break

of trial and suffering. His sacnon- indulgent and temperate in the laws of nature and therefore

rifice was supreme, and he left to their habits. They sacrificed their suffer ill health. We do not and

us our greatest heritage, even the appetites and selfish desires that cannot break the laws of nature, fit but rather we disregard the lawGospel of Jesus Christ. We must their bodies might become

not forget that both in former and abodes in which a godly spirit and nature breaks us; and so it is

in latter days our spiritual heritage might dwell. Our bodies have with all the laws of God.

comes to us sanctified through been bought with a price, and are a If we maintain our spiritual herblood and tears. blessed inheritance. It is our saitage we must inculcate in our

Our political heritage is the recred duty to keep them pure and hearts a knowledge and testimony sult of ages of toil for freedom undefiled, for "he who defiles of the Gospel. Testimonies have

and liberty. It is hallowed and his body, him will God destroy."been the motive power by which

glorious. It took the noblest Indeed we have a glorious her- (Continued on page 644)

Stand for the Preservation We of our Heritage Through Obedience to Law Miss Louise Barton, of Preston, Idaho, (Franklin Stake) won first place in the Gleaner

Girls'public speaking contest with this address.—Editors.

all civilizedLONGknownbeforeto theAmericaEuropeanwas ofstampedour grandparentsout from have been communities. Typhoid and diphbefore Europe itself was theria no longer attack civilized

to civilizedknown bethe seathe regularity of men—long man with

fore the days of Romulus and Resons. malaria Yellow fever andmus or age the Golden of Greece, are controlled the unno longer by

great multitudes civilized of peocertain limiting factors geogof ple lived along the Nile, and in the raphy.

valleys of Mesopotamia. They Additional years of life wouldbuilt canals, good roads, planted

seeds, they domesticated animals. not have been a great blessing to

They wrote books, and built temmany of the ancients. More life

ples of learning and worship. In would have meant more years of

some of the arts, they have never slavery, longer subjection to cruelty, it deferred. longer hope Butbeen surpassed; in of the some

not so with modern man. Oursciences they were right the is on

verge of great discoveries. For the labor and suffering have not intime in which these ancients lived, creased proportionately with the

their heritage was indeed a rich expectation of life. Modern scione. ence has created mechanical slaves

for us. The old Periclean law of

Athens granted each citizen the 13 UT all their great monuments right to own 5 slaves. Every into the brawn and brain of men those among us who have great habitant of the United States has

have perished, and the little faith in the future, an intelligent today at his disposal the power knowledge we have of them has faith which acknowledges the danequivalent to 150 slaves, slaves come to us from the patient shovel gers confronting mankind, but dethat never get tired, that never rise of the archaeologist. History tells nies the assertion that our civilizaup and massacre their masters;

us that one civilization after antion must perish simply because slaves that do not cry for food other has risen and fallen, in each similar tragedies have repeatedly when they are idle; thus, men in

listen should We little fact, in that past. in agriculture or to these be manufacturing,successor—socase leaving little of value to their come upon all civilizations of the every field of industry whether it accepting before happier prophets the beganwhenever men upward find themselves with more and

climb once more, they were always the philosophy of the gloomy more leisure time, leisure time in compelled to start at the bottom. ones, for no one ever had so much which to enjoy the pleasure of the

Such has been a large part of the to lose as we, no one ever had so automobile, the joy of the radio, history of mankind. So often has much left to them as the Amerthe comforts derived from elecit been repeated that today men icans of today. trical appliances. Today these are

are attempting to prove that naall within the reach of the comtions, like individuals, must be- "XTOT only has much been passed mon American, and yet the Caecome old, decay, and eventually - on to us but we were born sars of Rome, in all their might die. Gloomy prophets are in our into this world having a greater and glory, were strangers to such

nation today prophesying that the expectation of life. A generation comforts and delights.

seeds of death are among us, that ago, the expectation of life was people cannot long endure civilizabut 40 years; today it is over 60. T\7EALTH, power and leisure

tion, that the story of the ancients The marvels of asceptic surgery v * have ofttimes brought desshall become the story of the modand the knowledge and practice of truction to the lives of many erns, that our own achievements personal and public hygiene have promising young men and women.

added to that of our rich heritage given us these additional years of Operating alone and unguided by shall all vanish away. life. Many diseases whose very spiritual ideals and religious

Happily however, there are also names struck terror into the hearts truths, they have often been the

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 613

forerunners of national decay and rise up against us from outside our "COR our heritage to be preserved ruin. But America did not have borders. the good citizens in every commaterial prosperity and leisure time The ones we have need to fear munity must willingly keep all the

like and thelavishly bestowed upon her unare those who call themselves laws—the laws they

accompanied by spiritual truths. Americans, but at the same time laws they dislike. If our nation is

Our national structure has been refuse to obey the laws of Amerlong to endure, if the rich gifts of built upon the sure foundation ica. They are the dangerous enethe present age are to be handed onof lofty ideals. The major setmies. of our republic—they and to the millions yet unborn, then

tlements in the early days of they alone have the power to turn American citizens must dedicate

America were made by emigrants back the hands of progress; no one their lives to a willing obedience

who were fleeing from the intolerelse can rob us of our heritage. to the laws of their country.

ance the world. of old bigotry and Saints, the Latterday We, the of lawspeak we when A ND ideals religious of freedomTheir preservation this for plan have ** had less limit our should not we universal brotherhood foundand faith our within from embodied everincreas- observations to that theirexpression in early constituprophets beginning. the very Our ing drugpeddlers and of army charters, finallytions and were and of the laws taught us to obey have frewholesale rumrunners who in the Federal Constituembodied

is sacred this for land America, sections terrorize of whole greatest ever quently document istion—the Zion, the of sight in This God. cities miles of great our our and insurance the of forwritten human place of the King their rattle lines the of coast with refuge,—whose liberties.rights and is Christ. their of the roar guns and machine

Domestic and foreign enemies bombs as they contest their claim that America is money mad strength and wits against the serv- T\7E, the youth of Zion, should and that she has forsaken the ants of decent society. America ** be the last of American citforefathers;ideals of her but laws. the break a greater izens to this has enemy than Law these—he is untrue. All thestatement world citizen Respectable us is something more by is Mr. who breaking

knows that America, the rich and does not kill or steal, but through than criminal and being disloyal to to starving friend themighty, was sacis sinful and nation—it other to all theBelgium and to it is insulting our unminorhis evillaws,examplewhichof hebreakingfinds disthe areligious,great

fortunates of warravaged Europe. tasteful or inconvenient, he places noble forefathers. If we will but

During postwar times her agents all law in a state of contempt. listen we will hear a thousand

of mercy and salvation visited the It has not been so long since voices calling to us from the past suffering children of all European Americans had a respect for civil the voices of martyrs, prophets and peoples, regardless of their nationlaw which in many cases was akin pioneers. They are calling to us

ality or their religion. In many to reverence. Citizens i were to preserve our heritage, their gift

cases she blessed the children of her shocked when they learned that a to us.

late of healthy enemies. Millions a family of had good member this of great multitude From in living andyoung men women offender the the law; and broken voices souls, hear the departed we good have today AsiaEurope and ostracized from immediately was soldiers dustcovered of and weary for to beingreasons thankful it appears society. decent But across the as they Nevada march theAmerica,

is passing. rapidly generous—America, that that day desert. are of the remnants They richest the blessedthe land with traffic with laws Parents break closed Battalion the who Mormon spiritual heritage ofmaterial and beside seated families their them of voice seductive their ears to the existed ever that nation hasany that car. Children in the know calling the to gold them Mammon footstool. God'supon silver hipreceived a their father

fields travCalifornia, of they and flask for Christmas, and he jokes eled on to the great basin where the table about the dinner the gloomy at to deny we areTF his new voice of God awaited them. Respectable It bootlegger. is Mr. civilization* assertion that our

must perish like all civilizations of citizen of this type who must be From the mighty chorus of the the past, then we should keep in convinced of the danger in his acpast there also swells to us the mind a definite plan for its presertions if our heritage is to be prevoices of men, women and children vation. Obedience to the law is served. If his evil examples are who are toiling along in wearithe plan we should follow, for the continued without some voluntary ness and painfulness—as they

civil laws of a nation are the excheck on his part he will soon reptrudge over the gravemarked periences of that nation codified for resent the majority of this nation, plains of western America. They

the enlightenment of its citizens for his name is legion. are the refugees from Nauvoo, they

and for the protection of their lives are the Godgathered of Israel and property. Obedience to the from the countries of Northern Euare our grandparents. in the final winners JL HE M Men rope—theylaw will preserve our heritage, for speaking Girls'public Gleaner and

our enemies are within our borders contest have come into competition, They are calling to us, not to and not elsewhere. Modern science directly or indirectly, with many endure the hardships which they

has made us immune from the hundreds of young people, all filled endured, but to remain true to the dangers of savage or barbarous inwith a commendable ambition to faith and true to America, the land vasions. Neither should we fear Theywin recognition.gained knowledgeAll were <indwinners.exthey loved. In unison their voices

England's naval supremacy or Jaoerience; they learned selfcontrol. come to us saying "You have the

pan's rapid strides in Western The only ones belonging to these greatest material and spiritual culture. The world war proved grouvs who lost were those who heritage God ever granted to any

that we are quite capable of copdid not enter the contests. people. Preserve it by obeying the

ing with any enemy that might law."

Some Fall Upon Stony Places By STANLEY D. JONASSON

a tiny lodged in tree nearby, and are great things whichTHERE the to of the monument there crevice the Creator, proclaim dead. Here it found a suitable

are countless little things home, and the elements nourished that proclaim him too; a little it. After a time this little seed

seed the giant becomes tree, another tree swell. to miniature began A violet thebecomes dainty by its First this development. followed

. base. it of bigger a blade than was no

I want to tell you about a tiny grass, but not long thereafter it seed that came into the closing reached a size that a boy might story of a noted woman's life. cut down for a plaything, It was

This woman had developed her as completely ignored as were the talents to such a wonderful degree silent remains sleeping below the that she became a leader among stone. It became a sapling, then

men and women. Her home town, a healthy young birch tree. As

Hanover, Germany, was proud of years went by it began to broaden its daughter. Her fame spread and show strength and power.

throughout the length and breadth Still it grew and grew till it burst of Europe. She was held in such those iron bands, pushed aside the

high esteem by the great and near huge stones and left an open grave great that even royalty bowed to—putting to naught the words:

her. "There is no power in heaven

or on earth."

"COR her brilliant success she gave The Open Grave * the least not credit to God, tree leans over against and HPHE allbut took the glory herself. to largest the stones, of the and the coffin the After was lowered scoffed atShe [religion deand the where has in bark concome solid walls were covered with huge:clared

slabs of stone and bound together tact with and been bruised by the "There was no before, there is with powerful iron bands. As hard rock, large bumps have

but now, and there is no herepeople passed by, they said within formed on either side, like human after."themselves shoulders, pushing.

She even went so far as to put "Surely, all the elements comWith the passing of years many in her will the dimensions of her bined cannot open that grave."people have visited this spot and

burial place, how it should be viewed this wonder with mingled made of heavy masonry and stone, A LL was over. Within the feelings. All have been impressed

and how immense blocks of stone, -**- quiet cemetery, the silent city with the unusual circumstances by sealed and attached one to another of the dead, nothing moved. But which a grave which was to remain

by strong iron bands, should cover a little seed fell from its mother forever sealed, was torn open by a the tomb. So strong and tight tiny seed. Unbelievers have

should this vault be made that sneered at the suggestion that any she boastfully announced: higher power was involved in the

matter. Others, of a more serious "When so made, no power from O Breeze that Bloweth

nature, seen in this occurhaveabove or below can open my (Ait the interment of dear a a fulfillment rence that of whichgrave."friend at died noon who on Moththat the prophets, was written by er's Day, 13, 1928.) May

"the weak things of the world shall

HTIME sped on and this woman BREEZE that bloweth through come forth and break down the the trees, L went the way of all flesh—she OO'er everything the vision sees, mighty and strong ones."died.

From dull roofs to anemones, As I looked on this spectacle,

Her funeral was one that the Blow you in realms above? I could not refrain from asking:

inhabitants long remembered; it

breeze Tree, did you of earth with from boundaries "Oh whom allwas held with and O the pomp fixed, to receive incentive the to put a thathonor worshiping public thought Can go with you the the of haughty intershame words give tocould a mixed, personage. famous

thought that vaults beunbeliever?"A leaping The place of burial was made twixt

exactly as she had commanded in And speaks with those we love? As I looked upwards for anher will. There were the impreg-—Kate Thomas. answer, I noticed that its topmost

nable walls of stone and masonry. branches pointed toward heaven.

.

The Liberty Jail

From the Green Mountains to the Rockies By JOHN D. GILES

Member of the General Board of Y. M. M. 1. A.

installmentBEFORE we leave Winter (Author's note: Previous installments of this travelogue have told in early places The Church history. visits to prominent Quarters, which was barely of the outset at Quarters. It was stated issue left us at Winter in the April

mentioned in the previous that no attempt was to be made to follow chronological order or other installment, there are some items sequence, but that during the series the more important places connected of attention. interest worthyof with the early days of the Church would be covered) that the remembered be It will

principal exodus from Nauvoo was in the early winter of 1846. The among people who were totally

Saints crossed the Mississippi into unprepared for such an experience.

Iowa and then made their way across that state to the banks of TT will be remembered that the the Missouri at Kanesville, now *- Saints literally had been driven

Council Bluffs. Later they crossed from their homes in Nauvoo in

the river and established themselves the late fall and had with them at the place we know as Winter only such accommodations as

Quarters, the thought of President could be hurriedly gathered toYoung evidently being that the gether and carried away in such

Saints should remain there for the conveyances as were available unwinter and then continue westder those extremely trying conward as had been predicted by ditions.

Joseph Smith. Mute evidence of the terrors of

conThe rigors of that Iowa winter that winter—184647—is

exacted a terrific toll in suffering tained in the inscription bolted to and loss of life. I have been at an old tree stump at the entrance

Omaha when the thermometer regto what is known as the "old istered twelve degrees below zero Mormon cemetery"in the suburb and can understand something of of Omaha which was formerly the the suffering that would follow -Council"Tree at Winter Quarters, twn of Florence, and before that such temperature in that section Nebraska. Winter Quarters. 1 he inscription

616 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

'Twelve Apostles"or "Council"learned, however, that the land

Tree. Regardless of the amusing they had selected belonged to the

story of the cutting off the thirOmaha Indians. When this fact

teenth branch it seems to be a wellbecame known and the Indians established tradition that Brigham claimed their lands the Saints reYoung actually planted the tree crossed the river and returned to before the Saints began their westKanesville.

ward trek.

learned, as far be can when A S side the of west on *- left Quarters they Winter is as out park pointed A HOMEthe as there, there buildings were no having built been by Brigham inPresident never had Young later used as the and headYoung quarters of his followers in outtended, apparently, that a persettlement be should made manent fitting for the west. journey There

place. in to be that what It was appears to be considerable doubt

its Quarname indicated—Winter that President built the Young

ters. Saints Accordingly, the when

it house, have although been may left, settleas a Quarters""Winter first after the Saints used the by existence. really out passed of

left it ment pioneers for If west. the

was it was undoubtedly after Later, about 1851, negotiations

Monument at Grave of Oliver Cowdecy, were concluded with the Omahas at Richmond, Ray County, Missouri. and the site was again occupied by

the Saints, but under the name of conveys the information that here Florence, although for many years, are buried six hundred of Nebrasand by some until now, it has ka's first white settlers. No menbeen called Winter Quarters. When

tion is made of the fact that they the city of Omaha, which was were "Mormons;"in fact the only established directly south of Floreminder remaining of the fact that rence, expanded, it (reached and

the town was established by the finally engulfed the smaller city

Saints is a side street called "Morwhich became a part of Omaha.

man"street, the spelling either inThis accounts for the fact that tentionally or otherwise being inFlorence is not to* be found on correct. maps published in later years.

Street cars marked "Florence"are 'T'HE little cemetery, located on the only reminder of the city that * a bluff overlooking the Misplayed such a spectacular part in souri river and above the site of early pioneer history. At Council

the town, is maintained by the Bluffs, directly across the river

Daughters of the American Revofrom Omaha, another cemetery lution. At the time of the civil tells a story of the heroism and

war and later, soldiers were buried sacrifice of the pioneers. I had

there and for this reason this body Monument at Grave of David Whitmer, gone there to seek information reof women interested themselves in at Richmond, Ray County, Missouri. garding the grave of my greatit. It is fairly well kept and is grandfather who was buried there

pointed out as one of the early 1851, as the following will indiin 1856. The sexton informed

landmarks in the tourist guides cate: me that this cemetery was likely

published in the city. When President Young and the the place I was looking for, as

In Winter Quarters, or the exiles reached Kanesville (now "Many Momons and Indians"had

Florence section of Omaha as it Council Bluffs) on the east banks been buried there in the early days.

is today, there is another interestof the Missouri, which ing landmark. In the public park at this point is the diis a large tree known to the people viding line between

as the "council"tree. The story Iowa on the east and

is told to visitors that the tree Nebraska on the west, was planted by Brigham Young they remained there in the early spring of 1847, bebut a short time and fore the pioneers started west. As then moved across the

it grewit became a beautiful, river and established spreading tree with thirteen Winter Quarters. At

branches. Some years ago, the that time there were no

story relates, some dissenters from white men living on I the Church went to the park under the west side of the cover of darkness and cut off one river. Naturally the

of the limbs, signifying that they Saints selected the were cutting Brigham Young off choicest location posthe Church. This left twelve sible for their winter

branches and they called it the camp. It was later Cc use at Richmond, Ray County, Missouri.

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 617

We started a search of the old seemed to know anything about records and found the name Giles the jail and the tragedies enacted in several places, but with dates within its walls.

that were not as early as we were Only the fact that we had selooking for. Finally we came to cured some information in advance

the name again, at a very early enabled us to find the place. Indate, but the owner was classified quiry among business men, in

as a negro. I concluded that we stores and hotels, brought only

had gone far enough and had blank stares and no information.

better stop before matters got Finally in the post office some inworse. formation was given us.

site old of the jail was is a "THE outside the cemeteryJUST just located, * finally of north beautiful marking monument the spot where Abraham Lincoln the Presbyterian church. The old

stood when he designated Council building, of course, no longer

Bluffs as the eastern terminus of stands, but the floor is still there.

the Union Pacific railroad which In comparatively recent years a has played such an important part cottage has been erected on the site in the development of Utah and and in the building of it, the floor the west. With the coming in of of the old jail was retained and

the railroad, the days of the oxMonumentDoniphan, atat Liberty,Grave ofMissouri.General

team, the handcart and the covered numbered. were The wagon walls. also to permitted were We over the thoulong, tedious march take chips as of stone relics, the

sand miles of prairie and mounstone having crumbled and chipped tain country was no longer necesin some places.

sary. Pullman trains now make

the trip in little more than twentyfour hours, which took the first THE impressive thing in the visit pioneers three months. * to Liberty, aside from the jail

site itself was that the old hatreds "CURTHER down the Missouri and prejudices have not been per- * valley are other points of unpetuated, but seem to have been usual interest in "Mormon"hisentirely forgotten.

tory. Leaving Kansas City, in Our visit to Liberty happened

Jackson County, crossing the Misto be on Decoration day. Having

souri river and traveling northsome time to spare between trains, east, a short trip by auto or interwe strolled toward the cemetery urban car brings us to Liberty in where a typical smalltown celeClay County, the city of tragic bration of the day was in promemory as far as our people are gress. The entire populace seemed

concerned. Apparently the present Monument at Crave of Martin Harris, to be in the cemetery where exerinhabitants of Liberty know little at Clarkston, Cache County, Utah. cises were being carried on. We

and care nothing of the story of were attracted to a large monuthe Saints as it is connected with used as the floor of the basement ment, the largest in the cemetery.

the community. It was with conof the house. The stones which We learned that it had been erected

siderable difficulty that the site of remained of the walls were used in honor of General Doniphan, the old Liberty jail was located. for the foundation, leaving some a friend of the early Church leaders

Few persons in the community trace of the old building. and their attorney in some of the

The floor upon pretended trials with which the which the Prophet Saints were continually harrassed

Joseph and his brethin the efforts of their enemies to ren were compelled to drive them from the state of Mislie was made of stones, souri.

smoothed off enough Mr. Doniphan later fought with

for the purpose. They the United States forces in the

show many years of Mexican war and was made a wear and in some cases, general, distinguishing himself in being of soft texture, action and winning high honors.

hollows an inch or In the autobiography of Parley more deep have been P. Pratt, the statement is made

worn in the stones. that "Mr. Doniphan advised the

The woman who reSaints to make no defense of the sides in the cottage charges against them, for, said he, kindly permitted us to though a legion of angels from

Cemetery at Council Bluffs, where many 'Mormon"visit the basement and the opening heavens should deemigrants were buried. examine the floors and clare your innocence the court and

.

618 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

the populace have decreed your and maintaining his testimony rewording had been carved on all destruction."garding the Book of Mormon is four sides of the building. What

contained on the monument which a pity such sentiment had not

Richmond, the county seat marks his last resting place. At prevailed in the days of the ProphATof Ray county, there are points his own request, made on his death et! Religious prejudice is a terof interest of extraordinary imbed, two books surmount the rible thing, I thought. What

portance. This typical Missouri monument, the Bible and the Book crimes men have committed in the

city in its early days was the scene of Mormon and the inscription name of religion! But fortunately,

of some of the most terrible perleaves no doubt but that he went those days have passed and the secutions our people were called to the grave firm in his convicpeople of Missouri today are kindupon to endure. Here also are tion that he had seen the plates ly disposed and hospitable even

the graves of two of the three and had testified to the truth. to the descendants of those who

witnesses of the Book of Mormon. were so cruelly mobbed, persecuted

In the old cemetery, now practicalTF YOU are familiar with the and even assassinated in the days ly abandoned and overgrown with history of the persecutions that when the Church that has just weeds and shrubs, is the grave of occurred in and around Richmond, celebrated its Centennial so gloOliver Cowdery, marked by a or if you will get out your Church riously was struggling for its very beautiful monument erected by history and read of them now life.

the Church, under the direction you will appreciate the feeling that Independence, to the east of of the late Junius F. Wells. came to me when, after visiting Kansas City, and still the county

The monument, as shown in the graves of these men and reseat of Jackson county, as it was the accompanying photograph, is counting in my mind the terrible in the early days, is of sufficient not only beautiful, but is also scenes that had been enacted there, importance to merit a separate invery impressive. It was erected to the utter disregard of law and the stallment of this travelogue. The

honor, not only Oliver Cowdery, violation of all jhuman right, I concluding installment of the series at whose grave it stands, but also came to the county court house will tell of visits to the Independto honor Joseph Smith and the and noticed this inscription ence of today, with reference to other two witnesses. On either "Obedience to law is liberty."Upthe early days, and something of

side at the base, the names of Joson investigation I found that this its history, eph Smith and the three witnesses have been engraved. On the monument proper, one side is inscribed

SpeCkl FatW and Pr0? eCt iffSTB Historic Places formonyttLie5,ry 1930—Marking word of that testimony having

granite of the carved in the been side fourth monument. The is JN-*- thereeveryare stakehistoricin placesthe Churchwhich communityabout them.or /Therecity willaretellmanyyou

as inscribed to Oliver Cowdery living should not be and men women who can forgotten—these witnesses three and to of the one information, give firsthand places should be you marked. The

the Book of Mormon. The old youth of today will do it. They or there are many diaries of leadcemetery in which it stands is, will be delighted to hear the story ers which are available and which

unfortunately out of the way and Qf struggle, privation and heroism will bring you the inspiration and rarely visited, but those who do which can be told of so many the facts.

visit it are given a strong testimony places in our western valleys, If the "markers"cannot be as of the divinity of the Nephite where men and women came unelaborate 'as you would like to record, the work of Joseph Smith afraid and began to redeem waste have them, do not let this great least putand his associates and of the Gospel lands which today are made beauopportunity go by—at

they taught. tiful by the lovely homes of hunup a simple stone monument.

dreds and thousands of people. Each ward might bring a stone or

T> ICHMOND is the city in which There is a place near where you boulder, and then with cement - David Whitmer passed the last live which marked the spot have them laid with a simple tabyears of his life and where he lies where your community had its belet telling the facts. To preserve

buried. His grave is in the new ginning, or where some courathe story, to inform and inspire

cemetery in another part of the geous act was performed or a noteyouth, these are most important, town. A modest monument worthy enterprise had its beginLet the General Board know

marks the spot, but its testimony ning, or perhaps lives were taken that you have undertaken the is nevertheless impressive. Alby Indians for no other reason project; that a committee has been

though, as will be recalled by than that they did not understand appointed and that a definite date those familiar with our history, their white brothers. These events has been selected. Where it is posDavid Whitmer left the Church, should not be forgotten. sible, members of the General

he never at any time denied his This year in connection with Board and other leaders will be testimony. On the contrary, to our Fathers and Sons'Outing, or glad to join you. This event

the day of his death he maintained as a special project of the Y. M. would make a most fitting part of

the truth of his statement. M. I. A., let us begin at once to a Pioneer Celebration (July 24) What is probably the best evisearch out these wonderful historic—From Fathers and Sons'Outing,

dence of his sincerity in giving places. The historian of your 1930.

SPRING breeze few ingredients and the right disis a terrible By position. Deliciously brownedoff its nativeAheath

biscuits that opened up pipthing If Big Business realized its MARGARET C.MOLONEY flaky

damage in dollars and cents there ing hot for the generous hunk of would be another amendment probutter; planked calf's liver, cross

hibiting insidious zephyrs. What ington to the corner of Clark barred with crisp bacon slices, and

matters it what the cause that plays where stood the unsuspecting anbordered with mounds of mashed havoc when staid men and women gelic one. Here he dumped the carrots, alternated with great red

are turned maudlin. whole cargo of fragrance, and went tomatoes lifted whole from the

Marianne Mitchen, twentyfive, his way chuckling. can; delightful salads, chilled and

made in the image and likeness of crispy, each day the thrill of the hair,an heavenly topoff of a then and unknown; a took angel—golden Marianne eyes,blue disposition the that and gooseberry or ginger pudding, herself, reeled, righted breath, deepleads to halos harps and hard and custard. tarts, or frozen maple The car, being her to and staggered for a time long known it that anyone ofwork—had was wonder seat. en- a into Her sank luckythat she the family, of goat the was

it time short in such could plan car the board didn't chanted mindalbeit angelic goat. an

it time. shorter in execute and the it off for set Instead at all.

open spaces where fields were greensleepy their opening ing, flowers that her knew OHE that the mind BUT ripening, berries David eyes, and sister Alice,young beauwas who elysian recalled Marianne from his boy, farmer worked Renney, tiful in loitered and no dumb, way fields interest in kitchen had no fence. line the across fields just in the stores each after evening

ette miracles. steak, unRound recall effort to no Marianne made office leaving the to avoid work unbuttered, undredged, pounded, car left it. the she Even whenconnected the dinner the with faminto a redhot plopping pan went in still back her home was mind ily eat. of four must

left stick to burn where and it was at the clerk spaces. the open The She that her Jimmie, knew

curl into chunks. hard and up it always corner grocery made who brother, hisyoung wasn't paying

it,"said "I "Let don't Marianne. angelic one the to a point wait on share the toward upkeep the of

small apartment, although he never the minute she appeared no matter care if it chokes them."Into the

lacked money for the movies. how many lastminute housewives oven went potatoes unwashed. "If

She knew that David Renney, were ahead of her, noted her listthey want to eat the skins they'll the lad from home who boarded lessness and did what he could to get some grit,"she grinned. Icewith the Mitchen trio, while still help her make her selections. berg celery was held under the cold

professing to love her, was bestow- "How about a box of strawwater faucet until it was saturated ing on his savings account more berries?"he asked when they had then with no gentle patting of

and more of his time and attention, got to the dessert question. linen towel was flung into salad

to her exclusion. "How much?"asked Marianne, plates. The changeling eyed the

and clutched the counter to steady pool of water in each plate gleeherself. fully. "I hope they drown in it,"

YiET knowing all "Seventyfive cents,"said the she shrugged. No delightfully

these things she had gone on serenefriendly clerk, studying her with piquant dressing accompanied the ly content to be the goat until a growing suspicion. drenched lettuce; instead a splash

whiff of a spring breeze. * * * Marianne laughed foolishly. of very sour vinegar. There was

With no hint of impending dis- "M-make it one jello!"she said. not much else. Stale bread, and

aster she had taken her place in "Strawberry jello! That's good butter; and unjelled jello.

the usual mob that awaited homeenough for people who live in going cars at the close of the office cities!"

day. The breeze came crooning OLAM bang went the

across the lake direct from Michcook, her fury increasing with her igan fields that Marianne had once 1 HE clerk turned to steps.

known and still yearned for. Careget the jello, sighing as he turned. "My word, but you're noisy,'"

fully, so as not to lose one whiff His idol was clay! complained the beautiful one,

of its fragrant cargo, it skimmed There was no doubt that Maripicking her way from the back

Grant Park, then with malice anne could work miracles in a door toward the dining room. At

aforethought swept down Washkitchenette, given a little time, a the dining room door she paused 620 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

waiting for the soothing 'Tired "I got this dinner,"she andear?"It didn't come. Instead nounced, and her tone brought J:IMMIE stared at Dathere came a rasping order. three pairs of eyes, startled, to her vid speechless.

"Get your things off and get in face. "Don't you like it?"She "But good heavens, she knows

here and help with this dinner,"stood waiting. Jimmie had the I'm saving for her, as well as myand Alice got. thought that on his answer deself. She knows I love her. I

Coming back enveloped in a pended the disposition of the fork don't have to..."

gay cretonne smock, however, the she held in her hand. He forced "No, you don't have to spend

her,"Alice said a meanwith triedbeautiful a again for symone laugh. guess on "Why—why—I glance. are ing others "There it's who allpathy. you know, right—only,.".. it find don't she it's performance,"old just not "Same up to

..."sighed. "Work all day, and then know."standard—you "You—mean

come home to more. * * * Marianne sat down. She look- "Yes, and I'm glad she's turned

"Why shouldn't you work?"ed not at all toward David, but she you down,"Alice said, gloating

demanded Marianne, facing her knew he was studying her, beover the reaction she got from the sister menacingly. "After this wildered. "Yes?"she said to Jimstricken lover.

you either come home and get the mie, "and when you were partak- "She means Kent,"Jimmie came dinner started, or you stop at the ing of these 'standard'meals did to the defense of David, "and you market, do you hear?"you ever have any comments to know Marianne wouldn't fall for

"Yes, Marianne,"said Alice make?"that drugstore sheik. But, murder,

what will I cut the bread, or "Shallmeekly. "Well, understood,"that was."sure,have we... wewithout—Marianne."do? We'd be in a began, Jimmie but she cut him mess,

"We have not,"said Marianne. short.

"Cut the bread."'This dinner is understood, AiJLICE was already

too, by those who are not too clearing the table. The two lads

to carry out and began up said Jimmie dumb,"and the cook taking her got DAVID dishes, unasked. he came When table. arguplace door, at the in the backloomed up

ing as usual. They worked in the to the steak Jimmie grabbed it up

same office and had momentous and stalked out to the garbage can.

1 Here the encountered he huckster evening. each solvematters to tried catch to AVID D crate of strawberries. with a One shouted ready?""Dinner eye, Jimher she hers but kept downat glance the fruit forbidden and noticedmie, not cast. the ominous and Alice say. had nothing to

to in back Jimmie thought andsilence. tried the again, steak Jimmie then close the door, the smiling but "Helloello,"David the potatoes, called salad, the then and Italian quick. too was Through falling clattercheerily, the of but I gave up. deshave "Can my call the sent dosing his door he reof the absence coveredpans sert?"he feigning asked humility.

clear loud farreaching. and andsponse. on argument was as The not as "I'm I hungry thought the the door turned with Even key living the inagain I room. was."Marianne got so up in the lock preto powerless was call potatoes, the and "Take up obligingly that he was emboldits entrance. vent ordered.them,"Marianne ened to it's add, "I hope strawAlice to sprang and David Jimto Alice hurried obey. berries. are full of windows The

aid, mie's huckster the but had aren't done, potatoes but "The there's them, I a fat but chance, trick learned the his foot of puttinglet eat leave or them,"them them know."

she said, glad of a chance to vent in the door.

her irked feelings on the male con- "I notice you didn't bring a box "Nice an'sweet,"he was assurtingency. Marianne made no rehome with you,"Marianne, reing them through the crack of the

ply. turning from the kitchenette, obdoor when Marianne joined them,

served cuttingly. "You're getting thoroughly sober, but showing all

as bear,"a "Gosh, I'm hungry eyes, the signs of her jello,"recent watery sloppy said, she slamming told boisterall in aJimmie them face, hair. disheveled the dish in front down of him. swollen

smiling,ous David, manner. and chokily. she said All "Wait,""Just you're for; what paying andassured, till Alice stood a second, three desisted, huckster the and all that's from on of now any youordered his place. into him all. in crate "I came beaming, will get."and started She to back her

"Coming, Marianne?"she askchair, then turned and fled to her want a box,"she said. "I'll pay

ed, solicitously. room. They heard the door slam, for them. I never wanted any.."

"I'll be there. Sit down,"Mariand the key turn in the lock, then

anne's muffled voice answered. they faced each other, wideeyed.

came to sudAlice was the first to speak. D AVID

A)JLICE sighed and sat "She's going to leave us. I denly."Here,"he said masterfully.

down. Jimmie was already know she is, and I can't b-blame "This is my treat."

wrestling with the steak. He dropher. We're all ungrateful beasts. "I'll get the cream,"shouted

ped his knife and fork and glared Yes, you too, David Renney,"she Jimmie, on his way down the at his younger sister. turned the storm full on him. backstairs.

"Say,"he demanded, "who got "Sticking every penny in the bank "I'll fix them,"said Alice, takthis dinner?"and never taking her—anywhere, ing the box from David, and nodMarianne came just then, savbut always—'you're living toward the room. "an angel, dinging Alice a reply. Marianne.'(Continued page on 638)

Jean Waschgaw the IronEater By FRANK JONAS

afar at unnecessary which come from nighttime. ATALES chapter could be written about the carry always with an them

element of doubt, not the strangely interesting life of Seraing sort of doubt which stimulates a—where the milk'wagons are

all warm discussion, but rather a type drawn by muzzled dogs—but

of carefree superstition concerning this would only be a ponderous, the source of an extraordinary inalthough very interesting, tangent teresting anecdote. to the purpose of this eulogy,

which is to proclaim the accomthe writer Recently the good had plishments of of the a member to visit at the fortune home in this of a Church faraway, turbulent in brother himthe Church who little outstanding and land. An

self gifted is a loquacious and rare specimen of physical manJean Waschgaw storyteller. hood has been chosen for this illustrative material. evening conFriday he EVERY tells a story a person BelgiumTN class a ducts of gymnastiques is Brother affectionately John* little a perhaps be which may variety pupils, with a great of called his nearest friends, by and to the unusual another person and

little girls all to from old men, the author, latter, mostly the the latter asks the question:

"ironeater."He is 'given this friends and members of the

"And where did you hear that?"metallic and contradictory sobriChurch. While they exercise with

it in a newspaper,""I read tooth picks, in comparison, he comes quet because able he is everyto do (a newspaper?"reply. "In the demonstrates with thing it. ninety pounds with iron eat but

again queries the listener. "Yes,"of solid iron. The Church,

responds the talebearer. "But in through the individual instrucan American newspaper?"is the '"THE story told by the accomtion which this auburnhaired

final question. "Why yes, of panying photograph is not in youngster is giving each week, fs

course,"comes the delinquent afany sense a myth, but is an actumeeting with marked success in an firmation. The foregoing indiality. This modern Sampson, like effort to improve the bodies as well

cates, of course, what Belgians the blinded giant of Biblical lore, as elevate the souls of these good think of far away America where brings the house down with his folk, young and old.

almost anything can happen, and. amazing performances. He does Housewives dread the approach

this attitude is taken simply bethings with forged iron bars which of this young man, for he is alcause that envied country is too no other individual of similar ways distorting the shape of firefar away for a distorted anecdote weight in all Belgium can possibly pokers. He seizes any kind of a

to be verified. do and his repertoire is large and cinder disturber, and strikes

But the following account is varied. across his forearm until onehalf'it

true in every detail, and it may be The iron which the photo of what was a firepoker is at right angles with half. the other more than three yards f is

surprising detail The of all these isconfirmedwitnesses—happilyby hundredsfor theofauthor.living showslong; it onefourth inch of an

performances that is in knowing in thickness and and oneis a story about young is heHPHIS but nineteen years of age fourth inches in no onewidth—by * Beige, a only is not memwho doesn't and a weigh gram more a pliable means silk ribbon.

ber of the Church of Jesus Christ than155 pounds.

of Latterday Saints, but also an; He winds and bends this around

ambitious officer in the branch M. his legs, his armsand even around gELGIUM'S youngest king of

trick, something which bedangerous writes himself it John, the local Mutual Improvement As-I.—heA. His name is Jean Waschgaw his neck! The latter is a very iron is a shining member of might easily be fatal should he expectscause he to Zion to come sociation, and is a worthy example

within a year, and therefore wishes suddenly lose his strength. of what this organization will do

to take advantage of every opporHis masterpiece is produced with for a young man. His habits of

tunity of pronouncing English. a horseshoe of very substantial living are admirably clean. He

a inmeasurements. is inHis busy little home neither out He straightens smokes nor feat drinks—adustrial of any sort of a steed where Belgium town itself in tire and then in Europe where liquor

the sparkling light produced by brings it back into its proper shape and tobacco are the gods beforethe neverceasing fires in the white-—so the poor mount won't go which most people bow.

heated furnaces makes lamp posts barefooted. (Continued on page 637)

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

VIII

Some Specific Illustrations of Moral Obligations

In What Ways Is the Individual ercise for the few and to reducing glected. This often results in

Under Moral Obligation to be all others to mere exercise of their clogging the "sewage system"of

Personally Efficient and How Can vocal organs. The development the body, thus poisoning the blood

This Be Accomplished? of the manufacture and sale of stream, and this, in turn, results

foods and drinks designed priin very great reduction of mental

Why Is Everyone Under Oblimarily to please the taste, or to efficiency, not to mention the gation to His Fellows Diligently stimulate, soothe, or depress the bodily ills to which such neglect to Seek and to Apply Social nerves, has made doubly difficult is liable.

Knowledge? the problem of proper nutrition. The current agitation concernThis difficulty is raised to the ing prohibition, and, in this confashionable, following of some men and women of issuing nowITthatHASeachalreadymemberbeenof ashowncivilfourth power by the combination, nection, the custom adopted by after with their personal declarations and parties of innight shows

ized community is under obmid-night indulgence in refreshdependence manifest in violating ligation to serve humanity to the substitutes for subthe prohibition law, calls attenfullest extent of his ability and of stantialments—poormeals. Then conditions tion at once to the diminished effiIbis opportunities. This being are made worse by the fact that ciency both of body and mind

granted, it follows that one of his these refreshments usually consist resulting from this irrational and first duties, not only to himself, of sugars with starchy accompaniunpatriotic procedure. The sobut also to his fellowmen, is to ments; and are deficient in vegecalled freedom in whose name it

develop as completely as may be tables, fresh fruits, and other foods is defended is the reverse of moral his native capacities, and to keep most suitable for a healthful, balfreedom or of any other worth;tumself physically and mentally anced diet. The current antifat while variety. It should be noted

ifit for the best possible service, fashion has been used as an opporthat sobriety is one of the first tunity to make popular the subessentials of efficiency, and that ""THIS obligation calls first for the stitution of a cigarette for a sweet. any degree of intoxication is one of

ttiost healthful habits of living.. This substitution is no doubt efits most deadly enemies.

This includes, among other things, fective as an antifat measure, but reasonable and appropriate hours so also is tuberculosis. If the idea T\7HILE strict adherence to the

of sleep, adequate and suitable exis to adopt anything that will tend ** laws of health contributes ercise and recreation, food most to reduce weight, there are a varito potential efficiency, this efficiensuitable to the needs of the body, ety of diseases that might be recy becomes actual only through and ample supply of water for commended. But the real purpose purposive industry. Few people

both external and internal cleansof health procedure is to select and work to the full limit of their ing. Personal hygiene is now to utilize in proper quantities food capacities; this is especially true

taught in the schools from kinder- (not drugs, narcotics, or diseases) of mental labor. The physical

garten to university. Teachers of that will help to keep both body activities of youths often quite

this subject are, or ought to be, and mind in the most perfect state overshadow their study habits.

well informed concerning applica-.of health and in the highest degree Mental labor, it may be noted intions of the latest scientific knowlof efficiency. cidentally, is harder than physical

edge to the problems of health. labor; and mental laziness more

There is, therefore, now no exrT rHE growth of cities and with prevalent than physical laziness.

cuse for ignorance in regard to the * them the multiplication of sedIndustry, both physical and menfundamental laws of health. It is, entary occupations has greatly retal, like its opposite, laziness, can

in fact, very much easier to acduced for many persons opporbe cultivated; either may become

quire this knowledge than it is to tunity for physical exercise in the a life habit. The one is often

put it into practice. The comcourse of their daily work. This associated with purpose; the other

mercializing of recreation, often resedentary life has also reduced with want of purpose. Work

sulting in transposing night into the natural thirst that calls for without purpose is deadening day too often interferes with the water during the course of the day. drudgery; with enlightened and

normal sleep. The intense comWith no thought given to this appealing purpose, however, it is

petitive and spectacular developmatter on the part of the majority transformed into joyous, satisfyment of modern athletics has led of workers, the.healthful habit ing activity. If the daily work

to greatly overdoing physical exof drinking water freely is neof an individual does not yield

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 623 these A hundred and fifty years agohim constant joy—one of the maseriously neglect some of

injor joys of his life—that individstandards and yet, because they do leaders of political thought

ual is in need of personal guidnot lie, steal, swear, or otherwise America were enthusiastic in their ance, vocational counsel, the help break the traditional commandfaith in the future success of deof an efficiency expert, or he may ments, they think themselves mocracy and in its power to emanneed a new philosophy of life. thoroughly moral. Are they? cipate mankind from the represThere is a negative side to mosions and retardations of ages of

'T'HESE facts suggest at once the rality which is important, but autocratic rule. In this connection,

* need of thoughtfulness. Vastly chiefly because it is essential to however, they recognized the need

too much of the world's work securing the highest and best reof universal education as a means is done with a minimum of sults in positive morality. Atof social enlightenment. Now,

thought. This fact is not only a tention, therefore, to the negative after many decades of such educaprolific cause of drudgery, but it side only, is to miss the major tion there are influential American

positive citizens who decry democracy andis also a chief cause of inefficiency. aspects of the moral life—

Even in ordinary manual labor a service in promoting the greatest who would welcome return to aulittle use of the head may mean joy iand lasting satisfactions of tocratic rule. In some instances

very great saving of the muscles. mankind. This, in turn, is the this opinion may be the outgrowth

In the general development of inonly means whereby these desired of selfish interests; in others, it

dustry this fact is strikingly maniends are secured to the one who is a manifestation of real pessimfested on every hand. Mind acthus serves. ism, a loss of faith in the social

tivity applied to industry has reintelligence or in the integrity of duced muscular labor and increased Why Emphasize Getting and the masses of the people; it may

efficiency in production a thousand Using Social Knowledge? be in both, together with a hopefold. The same principle, howless attitude toward the ability of

soadequate to acquire the massesever, the applies also in said G. work that our of XJ WELLS has

-L -L * responsiand social knowledge task. daily his at civilizationthe individual the cial hangs upon

Does he take thought of the puroutcome of the race between cability successfully to conduct the pose of what he is doing, and the tastrophe and education. C. A. affairs of their government.

most time saving and efficient ways Ellwood in his recent book, "The of doing it? If he has a variety Social Destiny of Man,"has modi- "\T7E have assumed, in a previous

of tasks, does he plan ahead? Does fied this thought to read ** number of this series, that

he put system into his work? Or both individuals and social insticivilization the outhangs upon "Our in tutions degree haphazardly, have of power some things godo

the race of catastrophe come between and their irregular natures. and irreto modifyspontaneously This own social, political, religious moral, edand

sponsible ways? Does he have a ucation, and these are just the kinds of faith in human possibilities is esplace for each tool or other worlc education which we have been neglectpecially applicable to the question

material when not in use, or does ing."* of increasing social knowledge. It

he spend half his life in looking is properly one of the major funcfor things he should be able to put publishers,*Page 81.CokesburyUsed by permissionPress, Nashville,of the tions of education to equip the inhis hands on at once? It is well Tenn. dividual with such knowledge and

for every youth while he is still with ability to make sound judgplastic to give thoughtful conments in regard to social questions.

is as apfact to these questions more sideration now recognized Conference on This World T the ever before If he arrives thanplied to himself. by those who at AEducation held in OaklandSan

early maturity without having acFrancisco, June 28 to July 6, administer the schools. Heretoquired orderly ways, let him at 1923, under the auspices of the fore the schools have been largely

Association Education to the National in of occupied individattention his providing the devoteonce the States, United Milton Dean latest discovopportunities to acquire of the matter. ual with One Bennion appointed chairman was

eries in psychology is that no one of Group D. To this group, enthe tools of knowledge, leaving to

in working condition is ever too titled, "International Ideals,"was him the task of using these tools old to learn or even to modify his assigned the subject of "Character in after years in whatever ways athabits. As a matter of efficiency, joinedEducation."this sectionAll weredelegatesaskedwhoto circumstances require. This

however, from the standpoint of contribute advice as to the makeup titude rightly carries the implicaone's life work, there is very great of a basic plan for character edtion that education is a lifelong advantage in developing habits of ucation of children and youth, business, and that much dependbasic which plan should be thoughtfulness orderly selfed- proand preence be placed upon must sented to the educational authorilife as possible. cedure as early in ucation. the however, with Now, ties of every nation of the World

for use in working out plans for extension of the years of school

A LL of these things, and others its own schools. life for the masses of young people,

to appointed committee was *- A increase in the comthe and with have to unmentioned, do with receive these advice, items of and social, business, and plexity of fulfilling individual's the his morto edit into basic plan them a al obligations to his fellowmen. which could be taken up for repolitical life, there is both opporTo neglect any of these requirevision and adoption by the section. tunity and greater need for attenments of efficiency is to fall short Dean Bennion was persuaded to tion to developing social knowlof editor items chief of as It is adedge life, and social intelligence. a satisfactory moral of

task the formulating not actvice, of and the responsibility of the comcalling a harsher term to use by these resolutions along of a set such a life immoral. It should lines was also delegated to him. munity, as well as of school offibe noted that many people do cials, to see that this is done. It

A

624 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

is the great opportunity of youth minds. In college circles this type sponsibility. All of these are esto take full advantage of the faof knowledge, here indicated as sential to the spiritual life, to the

cilities offered for the attainment wanting, may be studied under the fulfilment of moral obligation, of social knowledge and social names of social psychology, or, in and to the development of moral judgment. This comes, in large its applications, it may be studied character.

measure, through proper methods in classes in education. In any

of studying history, civics or pocase such knowledge is foundationlitical science, human geography, al to the study of all social instisociology, economics, and ethics. tutions and social relations. Does

those this application of this only of mean that typeRight who are privileged college life to calls in social for go toknowledge can Joseph Smith—

religious to measure truth to the moral obligation up to devotion and discussion?the highest here under ultimate of No, colModern American good hulege helps, used, if lightlymanity. but

the more depends naProphet much upon

TT may truthfully be said that tive intelligence, reading, direct (Continued from page 605) in case of some individuals opobservation of social life, and portunities for attending schools thoughtful consideration of what "I suspected as much,"says the are inadequate, and that even with is read and observed; all of these mother, "else why don't they

those not thus handicapped the are major factors that contribute throw away some of their notions schools can offer only the beginto social knowledge, and social about God. They make me feel

terrible. To listen to the ministersnings of this type of education. It intelligence—ability to make rightfollows, therefore, that every youth judgments with respect to social you would think God was some

and every adult, having normal problems at issue. This is the wild animal, and not our Father

mentality, is morally obligated to essence of wisdom, which should at all."

the fullest be not confused extent mere with of knowlhis opporsaid people he worship "Andtunities edge, necessary diligently valuable and to acquire social lips, their with with and not as him wisest the social knowledge intelligence.knowledge and is. Among

His social knowledge may be in of men are some who have never their hearts."

any of the subjects named in the had the privilege of attending col- "That means, Joseph, that we schools as social studies, or it may lege, these have, however, generally don't think enough about what be unclassified or of mixed classistudied harder, and thought more fication. This is, of course, a deeply, than has the average colwe do when we worship God.

matter of little consequence; the lege student. There are, on the We do it through habit. Take

main point is that he should acother hand, college students who yourself, for instance. You read

quire social knowledge that is neglect their educational opportuthe Bible, as we all do. But you

meaningful and helpful in solving nities and who, it may be safely thought about what you read.

will predicted,successfully never social the of problems be noted You took it seriously. I think,

superior arise knowledge either for theirlife as they deor and need mand solution. In the field of or for more than ordinary wismaybe, you are about the only

it was socivic activity, for instance, in aldom. one that did that—and

most every political election voters easy. But what are we to do,

to point be emphasized ""THE called toare pass judgment upon is Joseph, *- success in that measuring up questions issues that involveupon are all social obligations is dependent nowwrong—that'swe know thewhatchurchesI'm social to ethics, or otherof economics,

study, questions that the majority primarily upon the personal charwondering."

A voters have neither the necessary acteristics of the individual; those "I was told that, too, mother.

characteristics his constitute whichknowledge nor the social judgment character, in sense of The true Church of Christ is to the broad It isto settle intelligently. this fact

if Ithat helps to make social and pothat term; and that his personal be restored—through me,

litical pessimists. character is a thing for him to prove worthy."

fashion by cultivating his native full utilizing the to is, powers, difficulty and of course,rT not 7HE speaks for a time. "NJEITHER

; these his as are opportunities such field confined to the of civics. Presently breaks the mother are that those include is simply notIt all manifested in frequently

sorts of social relations, in the said to come to him, but also the silence with family, in the church, in fraternal others he may create. "You know, Joseph, your

orders, in business professionand general shortening of the The grandfather Smith used to say al associations, in labor the of labor in industry, unions, hours and in human relations generally easy accessibility of newspapers, and still does, for anything I know it was borne in upon hisother than institutional. It hapmagazines, and books, the oppor-—that

pens too often that ordinarily well tunities now offered for observasoul (that's the way he puts it) educated people fail to understand tion of social life, and for particithat one of his descendants would or even to try to understand some pating in the activities of social promulgate a work to revolutionof the most elemental facts of the institutions; all of these are or

constitution and working of the ought to be made the major factors ize the world. Wouldn't it be

human mind, of how it is affected in developing social knowledge, wonderful if you were the one to by the attitude toward it of other social intelligence, and social redo that!"

The Days of the Great Cold The Secondary Glacial Period and the

Migration of the Tribe By HENRY F. KIRKHAM

STOOD, one winter day, near cold prevailed where, heretofore,

shine abode. served Debate onlyI anthe oldimperialtower,city.to theThenorthsnowof only warmth and summer sunto bring ancient out an story of

the and ground deep uponlay the influence a of thunder mouncoasting people the down ofmany tain fire of where gods and smoke the to enjoying, hillside werethe sometimes grew covered angry and brief that of pleasures theutmost, the veil a world with of that mist the observe betterfestival. To shut the light out the of sun. But steps ancient I thesport mounted these tales were vague and helped

I as stood, the and towerof all at them not in the present the at summit. alonethought, ca- A lamity.

a '0: 'of passing as thesigh, as soft

summer zephyr, reminded me of Something radical must of a error.my At my side stood the certaintydeath staredbe done,the entirehowever,tribe forin spirit.gentle

Said she, "These be joyful the face. So, finally, they resolved

on the Greattimes, but, ah me, I well rememCouncil—a method

ber when such snows brought only used only in the gravest emergency sorrow to the tribes. In all the and not resorted to in a generaland, in those days, were green tion before. It consisted in calling

hills; and bright sunshine prevailed a sort of convention of all the

the year around. Yes, indeed, the The Days of the Great Cold. Wise Men of all the known tribesdays of the great cold were sad Winter in the Wasatch.—tribes that were not always

times for those simple folks of friendly. Now, of course, common

the long ago."warmer and deeper portions of misfortune would serve to draw

the inland sea, now frozen over them together for the common

COMETHING was certainly the best part of the year. good.

wrong with the usual climate. Only the larger and most feroSo the summons went forth by

Frost in the midsummer, zero cious beasts remained, and these, means of swift runners bearing weather in the early fall, ice and rendered desperate by reason of extokens of the call. Many of these

(conditions terrible invade the very settlements in search great beasts and the stormswejkbitter—thesecoldwerethe balance of the year cessive hunger, did not hesitate to messengers never returned, for the

to face and something, moreover, of food, thus disputing with the ways lay between. But, after sevthat the tribes who dwelt by the tribesmen even this meager footeral months, the delegation from

great lake had never experienced hold. the distant tribes arrived and the

before. The grains planted hopefully, Great Council was called to order.

If the piercing cold wa]s all would not mature. The very cattle

they had to contend against, the perished for lack of fodder and by A MORE picturesque gathering tribesmen might have managed to inroads of the great beasts. The it would be difficult to visuendure. They lived in a splendid provisions stored by the tribe for alize. Old men, mostly, wise with

cave city that sheltered them from the "rainy day"dwindled to althe acquired wisdom of the years, the most inclement weather, and most nothing. And, in short, seated around the sacred fire, graveplenty of fuel, in the shape of these simple souls were, in a very ly debating issues on which the

immense forests, lay ready to real sense, at the end of "their very fate of the nations depended.

gather. string. While young men and'women

But this was not the gravest stood respectfully on the outskirts successive vain theproblem. sacrificed Three Wise TN Men and hung silently upon their years A before theof appalling altar cold had driven away of the high words.

the fowl, the deer and, in fact, gods. O-Te was obdurate. In For several days they thus deall of the smaller game that they vain they sought more natural liberated and from their wisdom

had come to depend on for their methods of solution. One cannot finally came this plan: It was

daily supply of animal food. Even change material facts by mere agreed that a picked band of the

the usually abundant denizens of words nor alter the events of provmost vigorous men were to venture the great lake had deserted their idence by simple debate. And the southward (the point of the comformer haunts and sought the facts were these: snow and utmost pass towards which the feather

626 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

life annually sped) and seek there as she gazed upon her handsome strain began to tell. They no

for some place of temporary asyfor the last time. longer sang as they marched. Some lover—perhapsher tender heart had come true of the weakest gave out and werelum to which the balance of the Into

people might go for refuge. sorrow for the first time in her left behind to shift as best they

youthful career. could. In this extreme case, ne-

'T'HE dangers of this adventure And so the pioneers went forth cessity knew no pity.

for the pioneers was great, inwith high and noble bearing, as The country grew wilder and deed. No one knew what new they marched, more formidable, as they proceeded.

terrors lurked in that vast trackThe sloping tableland terminated less the scope outside the wilderness deer to her comes "As that range mountain mate, in a towering the flower to turns the sun; As little their world. oneof own No the to its frozen lifted summits to the land plenty, So go of we at perils guess the lay thatcould in be, to seemed sky and very the of the gods!"home To

their landbetween that and own barrier insurmountable truth, an faroff labeled that country was the base progress. to further At this: order of advance was 'THE it For, be remembered,unknown.

-* the they this encamped, range of First the headcame main body filled these folks simple were with some vainly sought they while aides; his a ed next and by NaKia ingrained superstitions thousand feasible pass they might which by rear flankers small guard with signsand saw and where omens their could advance. continue None sides, a the on very thrown marto thenone mention found. existed—not be tial sense in arrangement, but no difficulties real very to be met.

Of volunteers for the expedition superfluous, as many unknown Weary and disheartened, they there were plenty, notwithstanding perils lurked within the shadows. took council on the problem and

the dangers. Young men then, At night they formed a stockade, many were in favor of giving up

as now, were filled with a spirit built huge fires, and set a careful the project and retracing their steps of romance. Nor did they count watch. to the city of refuge. But to this

the costs. To head this group Thus, for some days, they prosuggestion NaKi would not conthe choice fell upon our old friend ceeded mostly through familiar tersent. Said he, "We will not reNa-Ki of the "red feather,"NaKi, ritory, sometimes skirting the turn to be the laughing stock of

beloved of the gods by reason of shores of the frozen lake, someall the people. No, let us rather

his excellence in the art of the times penetrating the leafless forest. die as warriors in the attempt!"

song and dance, and by the people Soon, however, they arrived at the Perhaps he had a vision of the because of his exploit in the matter boundary of the known. Before scorn in the eyes of the fair LeMe.

all a ages, has died man, in trackless wilderness, the Many them lay of the deed now long savages—a smile Or, for the of a woman. terrors peopled and by unknown but gone not forgotten.

NaKi joyfully accepted the filled with gloomy forebodings. perhaps, he was inspired of the

commission, for was he not strong, Resolutely, though, they pushed gods. Who can tell?

active, beautiful to look upon and ahead. Soon they left the region

rate veto put NaKi's any into a ambitious. Ingreat lake withal and came somewhat of the

the of turnthought "**ATan end to treeless expanse appeardeed, the vast, waterless only drawback and ing to his youthful fancy lay in of prairie. It stretched towards ing back and they resumed their

the enforced separation from his the west, some dim tradition had search, meeting at last with a beloved LeMe, the lily. Howit, even to the mother of waters. measure of success. A scouting

ever, to balance this was the glory But as their course pointed southparty returned one day with the to be won and perhaps because ward they moved only along the glad news of a providential disof it the very hand of the fair Leedge of this vast desert. covery. One of the party, having

Me herself. So he began, in high Heretofore they had met with accidentally fallen into a brushzest, the preparations for the adno unendurable hardships. Inured concealed crevice, found that it led

venture. to outdoor life, they suffered little to a narrow pass that broadened

from the cold, and their very numas he proceeded until he felt sure the penetrate eventually it must chosen band, one hundred the HTHE as a restraint acted upon bers heart of the mountains. very selected carefully * strong, were Who the loneinfested beasts that great

from among the various tribes, ly trail. Excepting for the loss knows whether or not the gods

armed, provisioned with such supof one member by reason of a had a hand in this seeming acplies the tribes could spare from treacherous pitfall, they still recident? Many queer endings have

their meager stores, and, blessed mained the same resolute, merry as simple a beginning as had this by the prayers of the people, were company that first went forth. one.

ready to start on the momentous And now began as severe a test quest. "M'OW, however, they came to of human endurance as ever was

The day for the venture was set - some rough, sloping ground recorded in all history. Poorly

say, in wintable-land. Here the going was heroic band struggled up the terspring—orfor a certainshouldtimewein the early that eventually grew into a high clad, hungry, half frozen, this

ter, for this spring was no regular bad, intensified by the deadly, inrible ascent. Bitter cold, blinding

spring at all. It was as cold and creasing cold. For many days snows, cuts and bruises, were their

bleak as an arctic winter. But they pushed through this desolate daily portion. Indeed, the trail

nothing daunted the band set forth region, the path growing more seemed to have no ending, steadily to the accompaniment of much rugged and the cold more severe mounting upward, steadily becomwailing and tears of those left beas they advanced. Even upon ing more beset with pitfalls and

hind. Even LeMe shed real tears their splendid constitutions, the delays.

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 627

HTHEIR remaining strength ebbed he almost fainted with the effort of such steadfast courage to discover.

- day by day. Many a gallant mind and body. Praise be the With a glad shout they fairly ran

youth perished by the wayside or gods! His cast was true and this down the winding trail into the

met his end in some snowcovered great elk fell dead at his very feet, shelter and the sunshine of this abyss that fell a thousand feet. while the balance of the animals earthly paradise.

Once even a score lost their lives vanished as strangely as they had At the head of a beautiful river before a mighty avalanche of snow appeared. What chance had led these they set up their camp and rested

and rocks. And yet did the baldeer to this particular spot at this for a while from the terrible toil

ance persevere, for to turn back opportune moment none could they had endured.. Game teemed

now was fully as dangerous as to surmise. Perhaps O-Te could have within the valley and there was

push forward. answered the question, but, of plenty of wild fruit and grains

In the face of all these hardcourse, high gods do not reveal for the gathering, much of which ships, NaKi was a host in himtheir secrets to any mere mortals. was of varieties unknown to them.

self. His faith never wavered, his At any rate, here was a fine feast

matchless endurance never gave for the exhausted and famished CO, for a few days, they emout. He heartened his companions tribesmen, and you may be sure ployed themselves. Then the

with constant example of courage they fell to the task with a joyful serious business of their quest beand fortitude and cheered them promptness, nor cared overmuch gan. A picked band of the few

to the task by song and jest. It the reason for its coming. who had survived, were dispatched

seemedhim—asas indeedif the theyvery did.gods inspiredDo not greatlyOn therefreshed,followingthey beganmorning,the onandthewithbacka trail,betterwellknowledgeprovisionedof

all great efforts have some divine downward trail, at first almost as the road to be traveled. The missource? difficult and perilous as the former sion of this band was to return

So at last they reached the uttrail they had just surmounted. to the city of refuge and announce

most summit. Downward pointed Gradually, however, the way bethe glad tidings of success to those

the trail. Everything depended on came easier, the air warmer, and who waited so anxiously there.

the place to which it led. If to consome signs of life more evident. Those remaining in the valley

tinued cold and hunger, death was The second day of the descent they were to occupy themselves in the the lot of every one of them, for halted upon the sharp edge of a building of a more secure habitafood they now had none. They great bluff because of the hazards tion than the open field. They

could endure no more. of a thick fog that hung like a did not, as yet, know the extent

They huddled that night in the blanket over the entire landscape. of their new domains nor what

meager shelter of an overhanging About noon the curtain of mist enemies might abide therein. They

rock. NaKi could not sleep, but lifted. also went about the matter of

arose and slowly paced before the What a vision of loveliness met caching a goodly supply of proshelter. Distorted visions of bountheir enraptured gaze! A fair, green visions at spots on the back trail

tiful feasts, warm sunshine, and valley, stretching for miles away. so that the future immigrants

the lovely LeMe floated before Warm and pleasant it appeared would not fare so badly. NaKi

his benumbed eyes. To be sure it from where they stood. Here, bechose to remain behind. He was

was light enough, for a brilliant yond question, was the land they more than pleased with the results moon, such as the high mountains had come to seek, the place of of his mission and wanted to be alone know, threw a cold, clear promise they had struggled with the first to welcome the pilgrims illumination over the vast expanse to this favored spot.

of sparkling snow and outlined the nearby peaks in a ghostly mantle "Vf ANY weeks thus passed quickof pure white. Suddenly across (Pioneer Woman L x ly and pleasantly. But at

the field of his disordered vision last the vanguard of the tribesmen came marching, one behind the B,'ENEATH these alien stars arrived. What a joyful reunion

other, a great line of antlered elk. In darkness I have stood alone, it all was! No word can properly

Barriers than more mountains it describe dream? but a the No gameWas Wise How pleased Between home. me and my for been sighted sort had of any Men were,it. would superbe mere

weeks and the band had been And I have seen the shadows fall, fluity to add. Suffice it to say

forced to subsist upon their scant Grim patterned on the floor, that after all the suffering and after rations until even these were enAs onward passed the faces all the suspense of those trying tirely gone. NaKi closed his eyes Beyond the cabin door. years, the turn of the road had

a moment to collect his faculties come.

but when he opened them again, The deserthair; wind has waved my Two, at least, found that happithe herd was still there—one, inDesert sands have etched my face, ness that passes all understanding.

deed, so close that he could almost And the courage of the mountains LeMe had given her love to Nastill Has bound me to this place. touch it with his hand—so Ki—at last! this vast soliwas and lonesome

tude of snow. And something of its peace I've "So you see, oh mortal,"said won,

Triumphant now my day is done; the gentle spirit,"happiness and

TJ[7ITH a prayer of gratitude in Oh, I have stood with only God sorrow are mixed blessings. In

** his heart NaKi promptly Between me and the sun! the days of the great cold, many

hurled the short spear he carried—Vesta Pierce Crawford. found sorrow, but two of these,

full at the beast. So much depended the supreme happiness of all the

upon the sureness of his aim that ages—Love.

P EN N A DEAL, N.J. speeds telephone wires over voice the shore land from The TRANSMITTING cables Telephone the Telegraph and American Comoffice. City a long distance STATION pany'sand Passing through New toYork

special section of switchboard, it is amplified and adjusted in

Beach, radio telephone transmitting station at Deal it receives point further amplification and FORKED RIVER, N.J shortwavetheN. J.controlAt thisroom and proceeds, still by wire, to the Bell System RECEIVING by radio to the Leviathan. is 6ent

STATION From the microphone transmitter aboard the liner, the answering voice goes to the ship's radio telephone transmitting set and, greatly amplified, is sent into the ether. Caught at the Bell

System's Forked River (N. J.) radio telephone receiving station,

it travels by land lines through the New York City control room, where the volume is adjusted, and thence through the switchboard to the shore telephone.

Telephone service From Ship to Shore By CLAUDE C. CORNWALL

Recreational Director of the Leviathan

I was at Zions Canor more accurately speaking, copied into radio impulses which will electric and then beam, travel a radio radiointo waves. In on I ago years a fewWHENyon

It waves. into sound there back telephonic is copied communication led road the that recall of like the process is still or conversion. change another somewhat

old "Mormon"a littlethrough to cream Basin Uintah shipping reThe vocal impulses must be copied I Rockville, andvillage named out farmers churn Denver. The one sign on a faded seeingmember sweet the ship buttermilk and the

read, fronts which storeof the the to bulk) saves butter (which "Deseret Telegraph Co."I hope Denver creamery where it is rethat sign is still there and that converted into cream. It starts as

it will remain a long time as an cream: travels as butter; and is

historic monument to early enterserved for breakfast as cream. It

the most of oneprise. was This this is the with same somewhat

teleold the points onsouthern I message writing. article am My escircuitsgraphic communication as a travels idea; as starts an

tablished by President Brigham printed page and is interpreted in

Young. the reader's mind again as an idea.

It is a long way back to the year

F. B. Samuel1832, when telephone the whole the radio Morse, TN first conceived board, shipthen on

is as follows; * process sound telegraph; electric idea of thehis

create the vocal cord from waves elapsed fifty years have overand diavibrations mechanical on a Bellsince was Alexander Graham shouting to his associate, "Are you phragm, which in turn set up simthere, Watson?"through the first ilar current variations in an electric

model telephone instrument. Since circuit. These variable impulses are

that time, millions of dollars have stepped up in intensity and conCommodore impulses Harold A. verted into radiowave spent perfecting the meansbeen Cunningham out to which ride on a radio beam communication.of rapid

And now we have the radio. listeningCommanderto Walterof S.theGifford,Leviathan,Pres. pulsesthe ship.arriveWhenat thethesereceivingradio imend

radio talking the of A. T. by 8 T. is the process communication imTELEPHONIC reversed—radio the York. from ComWhen New setting pulses -* consists in transferring sound up similar electric

first answered, the round modore waves at electric speed. But to the circuit conversation was officially variations, which finally result in

do this they have to be converted, commenced. mechanical vibrations of the re-

.

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 629

phone booth with the receiver held this service is extended, it will be to his ear. possible for passengers on any ship

to communicate with their loved

CUDDENLY we hear a scratchones from their staterooms, a ing sound in the huge cone thousand miles at sea. This is

speaker. This is followed by a truly a day of great achievement. humming noise, more scratches, Goodbye, Commodore—Let me

and then a voice clearly and plainwish you a pleasant and safe jourthis Com- "That is very kind of you* Mr. ly: "Hello!—Hello!—Is ney."

modore Cunningham?"Lafount."

"Yes—this is he—Hello!"'"THERE was a brief moment of

modore—do"Walter Giffordyou hearspeaking,me plainCom- was* silencebeing passedwhile alongthe transmitterto the next

ly?"speaker. The voice was deep and

"Just as clearly as if you were slow, with an amusing drawl:

next in room."the Cooper is Kent "Why—a—this (president of GifFord Mr. Then all I can speaking—Hello!—that's a brief the T.) made A. T. 8 dollars a to say at seven afford

The Countess de Beaumont speech pointing out that this was minute."

Wife of Bud Fisher, talented arnot an experimental tryout, but The Commodore's wit was tist and creator of "Mutt and Jeff,"the inauguration of a commercial keen:

the first commercial made is to continue as an call from service which "Hello you!—Hello!—Hello the ship, the radio telephone. on institution. established see I don't have to pay for! this."

"A number of guests are here Carl Bickel, of the United ceiver diaphragm, which in turn in the room, Commodore, and Press, Frank Mason, International transmitter will the take they quality similarcreate a of sound of Conin News, first boss, Mr. turn. is your The speaker.to the vocal of the waves talked of solidated them

fracPaul Chapman."all in the takes place this W.And personalities, DavidPress—all: voices,Lawrence, informally

tion of a split second. distinct, different. It was a thrillit? doesn't simple, very Sounds ing demonstration. MR.Leviathan,CHAPMAN,merelyownerexchangedof the tubes, of wires, a maze whatBut

again took the the commander with GIFFORD of V|R. etc., are greetings instruments,switchboards,

Jos. E. announced liner. -* * transmitter and Then his giant process. However,needed in the

this isn't to be a technical disSheedy, vicepresident of the U. that the controls were to be

cussion (thank goodness for that), S. Lines, expressed a friendly good switched to Washington. Soon

but rather a report of some of morning. After them came "bon came the clear, shrill voice of

the newer applications of the radio voyage"wishes from Lieut. Congressman Fred Britten:telephone. Comm. Craven and Blair of the "Hello!—is this you, Cunning- U. S. Navy, and Arthur Batchelham?—How are you, old sport? ler, supervisor of radio in New How's the weather out there?"

o'clock on eleven is about the York.IT 8, 1929. Dec. of We morning The next speaker was Mr.

are gathered in the B deck square Harold A. Lafount of the Federal

of the giant steamship Leviathan Radio Commission. (This is our

which is more than two hundred own Bishop Lafount, formerly of miles from the New York shore. Salt Lake City)

Mr. J. L. R. Van Meter, of the "Hello! Commodore CunningTele- and TelephoneAmerican is Lafount."Harold

that has announcedgraph Co., you, Mr. Lahear the ham—This"Glad tocircuit is established and the defount—

monstration is to begin. A loud "Commodore, this inauguration

speaker has been connected to both of shipto-shore telephone service is receiver and transmitter, so we a signal honor, and no one depassengers are permitted to listen serves it more than the owners of in on both ends of the conversathe United States Lines and the tions. able commander of that big flagWe all wait in silence. Van ship of our American Merchant

Meter stands with his eyes fixed Marine fleet."

on the clock. High up on the "Thank you, Mr. Lafounttop deck of the ship are the techWe think it a privilege, too—nical operators, busy at the tuning "Let me congratulate you—and

circuits and modulators. Another I want also to congratulate the

technician is at the switchboard owners and engineers of the AmerSir Thomas Lipton plugging in and listening keenly ican Telephone and Telegraph Famous sportsman and owner of called "Shamrock the by V"wasthrough his head phones. ComCo., one of the greatest public Club asked and York Athletic New

modore Cunningham, commander utility agencies the world has ever about the coming yacht races. Lipof the Leviathan, is in the teleknown. In a few years, when ton told them he was going to win.

..

630 The Improvement Era for July, 1930 "Oh—the weather's fine—We ship, saved $500 and returned, ing the Naval Disarmament Conare all wearing our white flannels."taking a barrel of flour and a rockference in London, the American

(This was more of the Coming chair to his mother. Then he delegates were returning to Washmodore's wit. We were wearing opened a shop. At 22 he had ington. It was important that

flannels, all right, and overcoats opened his second shop) the English press get into touch also.) "May I place a call?"This time with Secretary of State Henry L.

"Give my regards to the purser, a request from a passenger on Stimson. They called him by

to board. It was the Countess de radio telephone and the conversaMr. Summitt—Oh yes—andDr. Stewart, too.—My wife Beaumont. tion lasted nearly fifteen minutes.

thinks he's the greatest doctor "I should like to get a New I didn't learn if it was a paid ever."York number."call or not. Anyway it had to

(It will be recalled that Mrs. do with the treaty, but being priBritten was operated on for apvate, no report of what was said

pendicitis voyage on a previous of the Leviathan. The ship was cUhe CAuthov canOncebe made.established, the shipto-

stopped in midocean for an hour vital European shore service became during the operation) andGfHARACTERISTICALLYinteresting is this article, for instantly popular and calls were "How is Mrs. Britten?"the author is a young man always registered to London, Paris, Berlin

alert the to discover maon new "She's cities. longest other The Commodore—feels terial, of and capable eminently and well as as conversafor a clear distance range it fine,ever—thanks."to picturing in others a clear "I'm glad to hear that—will manner. Mr. Cornwall, the Retion so far on the Leviathan ocyou give her my love?"creation Director on the Leviathan, curred two voyages ago when a

is in former Field worker a that get "Say! do you how circuit the commercial was established Association, Mutual Improvement I'll regive her best your way? miles three thousand from the that. at energetic one, a and most

gards."Thoroughly human and possessed shore. This was of course under

of unusual depths of understanding excellent atmospheric conditions.

affiliation his with sympathy, and congressman Britten ex- '"THEN is range ordinary from The now

I. *- the delightful and A. was M. pressed his pleasure at the honmiles. to 1500 2000 he stimulating. or not Whether

its or given to the Leviathan and fact, organization the the recognizes this was voyage with Returning first for being hear commander to credit the claims for providing some the Stribling, coming Young dehis early opportunity for official of the ceremonies in shipto- ring. prize the of He champion prein velopment, a measure which shore service. telephonic

field interesting his midfamily for from the talked pared with him receiver the The hung up and the of awaiting endeavor him on Georgia. to Thomasville, ocean He demonstration was LatterAtlantic Typically Ocean. complete. habits. is clean a fine of young man intelligent Saint, upright, day and hitch. There wasn't Everything keeps doesn't himand smoke He is resourceful, peCornwall Mr. perfect. was smile broke over aA skipping self training in rope fitfed culiarly to to represent a by the face Meter. of Mr. Van Apof the superiority doubtful world sparring exercise; has other no and plause the from in crowd youth. B deck "Mormon"is fahis trained partners but by square attested the appreciation of Stribling. ther, "Pa"the thrilled of crowd passenger ob- * * *

servers. telephone huge York New HTHE It interrupted was voice the *- by the to directory handed was telephone course "D of had bell a of boy: ADIO the looked Countess. She numup first its application between Sir "Paging Lipton! Thomas call, the placed ber, came from first stations, the land of note Lipton!"Mr.

little bit flustered a the booth being to from Sir London York New wearing his Thomas, yachtpleas- excitement nervous and with years ago. then Since about two cap, ing into came the lobby. priure. conversation was The service the has to been extended is "Mr. Lipton the wanted on in vate. speaker wasn't loud Our all include practically Eprope, of telephone! calling York Mr. New it this regular time. This was on just recently Canada, Cuba, and Lipton!"

telephony. The Countess had to South American countries, Arcall, first the for which made she gentina Chile. and official call the first was HTHIS paid $21.

ship. It the shore to the * from the millions overnight Almost calls the next during made Other

of telephones in all countries of the was the New York Athletic Club. two days while the Leviathan was

They wanted to know about the within range included conversaworld are being interconnected, cable circuits. new Shamrock V and the yacht tions between the ship and Chicaeither by radio or

races year. Sir reach next to any be able soon Thomas We shall PhiladelDetroit, rego,

: plied telethe globe the part of from all the United over phia:—citiesCleveland, office our instrument phone on to going "I'm this time."win call States to Canada. The and one

(This is the Thomas Lipton, farthest south was Atlanta and the desk. Even as I write this article

of Irish ancestry, who left his farthest west was Seattle. a news dispatch is being sent out

home in the tenements of Glas- * * * from the general offices here in gow, Scotland, sixtyfive years ago, New York announcing reductions at the age of fifteen, promising his CUCH was the commencement of in radiotelephone rates.

mother that some day she should * telephone conversations between This closer linking of nations have a "carnage and a bonnie America and the Leviathan. Three and peoples should surely help us

house of her own, and a servant."months later the European connecinhabitants of the world to get

He came to America, on a sailing tions were established. Followalong better together.

Green and Gold

supper. for ed. They'll go home ANDERSONMARCENE in early try tonight and come the hot grease I'll frowned as

we'll go for a little ride,"and and from the frying meat BLANCHE ROBBINS left the he room. hands. andsplashed arms on her piled dishes the and Marcene up and hot wasThe kitchen kitchen. sultry "Yes, we've done pretty well, carried the into them Medoors and the through openand life, it's this all a right, but hard she the chanically straightened

in. air came hot morewindows is. early and chairs, work farming the diningroom brushed up Up the back pushed sighed andShe little all in for time a except floor, table the day crumbs from and forehead. hair her from Thedamp it's cold then and the winter cloth, folded the a centerand put but stungblisters smarted and deep. its pretty set gets piece the in place a vase and snow We to anything timethere put no was

it. as as city the to soon flowers of the lowered She on move may the the them. She put meaton on harvest are the the crops started and kitup blinds the and toward

platter, into a potatoes bowl, the over. chen. she passed the she door As bisfilled hot, plate a brown with paused, the pushing and open

cuits, generously dish a heaped and screen stepped cool, the out on cheese. over and macaroni by bakedwith ARCENE, porch. a- shady looked She out M quickly the food. looked nothingFood, up Someone but window,

field cross acres the to where and at the the smiled, but wanting and alwayswas men and hungry acres of golden genwheat swayed eat. Still surprise disaptable to andsomething showed frowning tly breeze. in forth back the and neighbors;she table in the the pointment. were put food on They side, beautiful conone and in Onthe other each stepping back to helped diningroom and and forth trast fields to the of yellow gram

called: the in time. outside harvest the spring door, and at

see fields alfalfa. she could green of "Dinner's ready."They knew each other's problems

and struggles.

"You mean go to the city to AflS Marcene looked at 1 HE men had washlive? Why, Keith, don't do that. the patches of green and gold, a

ed and combed outside. As they We'd sure miss you, an'anyway, memory, half recalled and half

came in she raised the blinds and you're gettin'on top now. Look forgotten, came to her. She stood

straightened a snowy white curat your harvest this fall. Wheat there, trying to think what troutain that drooped on one side. The is a good price and yours today is bled her. There was something she

others went to their places and sat runnin'between fortyfive and should remember, but just then down, but Keith, her husband, fifty bushels to the acre and every Keith came around the corner his lingered an instant and smiled at kernel hard as rock and yellow as arms filled with quilts and pillows.

her as his hand rested on her gold. Man, that's just what it is Marcene stared at him with surprise. as passed.shoulder he Marcene—yellow gold."gave butlooked up no answering "Why what on earth are you

smile. She moved quickly to the doing, Keith, and I had the bed

table and helped in passing the Ki.EITH didn't anall made up fresh,"and the cusfood and refilling the dishes. swer and the meal was finished in tomary whine came into her voice

"Good water, this is, Keith; silence. The men returned to as she spoke.

never tasted better. It is as cool their work, and Marcene cleared Keith walked on and threw the

as any spring in the mountains,"a place at the table and began eatbedding on the grass under a and Mr. Jensen drained his second ing. Keith looked up from the shady tree. He arranged the quilts

glass. paper. and then put the pillows down;

"Yes, we have a pretty good "That was a good dinner, Marone on top of the other. They

well. Sure helps out a lot on days cene, and the men surely enjoyed did look soft and inviting.

like this. Handy, too, with the it. They were starved.""Nothing much, Marcene; just

engine. We get water for the "I'm glad they liked it. Seems a little surprise, I guess you'd say,

house and stock in no time. Pretty as if food is about the only thing and a very little one at that. You

lucky to have it."they can appreciate; food and talk looked so tired I thought maybe

"Luck, that's good. No luck about farming and threshing. you would like to lie here and rest

to it, Keith, old man, I know; it's They aren't even human,"and this afternoon."

just hard work and plenty of it. she looked around the table at the

Why you've just been here goin'soiled and dirty places on the llE smiled up at her, on two year an'look what you've cloth. tenderly and happily, and waited

done. Built this house, the best "They are good friends and eagerly as a boy for one word of

around here; fenced the entire neighbors, Marcene, and good thanks or praise, but he waited in

farm; improved the barns, and men. Don't talk about them that vain.

bought the roadster. Hard work's way. I'm sorry everything is so "How can I sleep the afternoon

done it all and you're doin'fine. hard and disagreeable for you. I away? As usual there are dishes

You'll soon be sittih'pretty know you don't like the farm and to do, the front rooms need cleannow,"and the older man helped all its work, especially cooking for ing, and some of my beans are himself to another biscuit. these men, but it couldn't be helpspoiling,"and she turned and

I

632 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

went into the house. Her words your hair combed that way, and and gold,"and she laughed hapjarred on Keith's sensitive cars. your eyes are like starshine, and pilyHe took a step as if to follow "Oh, Keith, not here. We are

her, changed his mind and walkin a dance and you promised not ed quickly toward the field. to talk that way again, and 1

"Sleep indeed! A lot a man 'Yes, I know. I'm sorry. I "Laughing in your sleep, Marknows about housework. Always didn't mean I did mean cene, means happy dreams, and

talked, said, too. 'Keith, You till thingthe same it, but I shouldn'tit—yes, from morning have told you you

I love you,'laughed, Keith "and here.night. sweep, Cook, Marcene, Anyway, dust, mop, it's partmake beds, wash dishes, and then ly your fault, for you made me too, as Marcene opened her blue

begin all over again. Not so hard, promise to wait until tonight. eyes and smiled at him. Keith

perhaps, but the same thing over Well, this is tonight, and I have was sitting on the quilts by her.

and over again. I'm tired of it something to say to you,"and as Then she remembered. Fifteen

all. Why did I ever live on a the dance ended he guided her, not minutes, indeed! She had dreamfarm anyway? There's never any back to the group of friends they ed the afternoon away, and it was

time to read or practice or sew."were with, but past them and toearly evening.

As she said the last words aloud ward a secluded corner he knew. "You are right, Keith. I do

she hesitated and put the dishpan As they passed, the others love you better than anything in into the cabinet a little more genlaughed, and one of the boys callall the world. Can you ever fortly than she might otherwise have ed out, "No fair, Keith, she's mine give me for being so cross and

done. for the next one,"and a pretty mean? It was wicked of me, and

girl by him added, "Marcene and I'm sorry,"and tears came into her eyes. Keith, lovable are! they bow both a whirHEARING 'There's forgive, to nothing were for each They other."madering sound overhead she stepped Marcene, are glad I'm and yououtside and watched airplane an feeling better. eaten I've bite; a

itas its winged far the above way let's for a ride."go the springtree tops out and of sight. let's Keith, for "No, a night go walk was and OJUTSIDE,balmy warm. The she As turned she the quilts saw little hill. air the out on to laden was the I want with of perfumeKeith spread had the on grass for see the patches green of gold."wet and ground things. and growingher. white The pillows looked full low. hung A round, mooncool.

and shimmered through the "I'll sleep just fifteen minutes her, followed LE Hi branches tree of the above them.and perhaps feel will hardly my head understanding. love "I you, Marcene, and youbetter, and anyway, will "Sit here the work me, Keith. by Don't tell to promised I've tonight. me forwait me."you the remember night of our been a waiting long time—four lay She down and looked at Senior up Ball happy were how we years, but they have been happythe clear, blue sky. could She about everything? told me You years at here the old school andhear the drowsy of the bees of the hum patches of green gold. and with you. cares for Dick you,as flitted they flower from to flowfield. into the Look down That's too, just but he couldn't love youer. cool breeze The fanned her I fields what of yellow I as do. He'll a be that's lawyer; mean—the face.hot of bees the, The murmur grain alfalfa. green and are They fine, he'll and someday, maybe, fainterbecame fainter, and her and beautiful to I and glad I'm me a be wealthy and gold have mantired eyelids drooped. chose them. everyYou've done all it that and offer can to buy you. I have the farm father left thing for me—even built the

me, and, Marcene, next harvest dream house you promised, and time there will be gold there, too, made me a flower garden. I love

little home and doing things TrHE gymnasium was patches of gold, and close by the our beautiful in trellis work and gold, patches of green. Green and for you. The work hasn't been

spring all. blossoms. at just lights Shaded It was is beautiful. a hard my—Manycast soft, colorful at been have looking the things shadows here gold—ittime I have little hill stood on the

and there, and these were reflected back of the house and prayed that wrong way. College days were

again on the polished floor. On sometime you would be there with happy days, but these two years

either side were large, fulllength me. What is your answer, Marwith you are the happiest I've ever

mirrors, and as the dancers glided cene? Do you care enough to come known. I don't know why I've

by, many a fair coed looked shyly with me?"been so cross with you these last

over her partner's shoulder and few weeks."

smiled at the reflection she saw. "You don't? I do, Marcene."

Curled hair, cheeks aglow, sparkAslS she did not answer She looked away across the ling eyes and lips laughing, a he looked deep into her eyes. fields of green and gold, to the

filmy dress, and the picture was "Marcene, is it Dick?"setting sun. Together they watchcomplete. As one girl turned a- She smiled and took his hand. ed the last rays fade sleepily away

way her partner smiled at her. "Didn't you miss Dick tonight? behind a bank of golden clouds,

"Miss Vanity Fair, but I don't I told him a week ago and he has then she looked up at him and blame you. If I looked half as gone east. I thought you knew."smiled.

adorable I'd spend the entire even- "What do you mean?""Oh, and Keith, let's aling in front of a mirror. You "I mean I love you, Keith. You ways and'always be here where

are always pretty to me but toare the one I have always cared for. we can see the patches of green

night you are beautiful. I like I want to see the patches of green and gold."

HandMade Rus By GLEN J. BEELEY

widespread interest in pond in type, for without apthe same degree of tone value.

aTHEhandicraft which the arts propriate design these oldtime To illustrate, there could be blue, colors, in three scheme color be beautiful. Even rugs cannot has crafts movement and colors gray. These green and perfection technical cannot make

inold time revived hasaroused present in approximately be element if the of must rug an attractive dustries. Our great grandmothers good taste is lacking. equal amounts and in the same

have handed our grandmothersand blue and tone. degree of The is fail likely to beginner The crafts, to these us and simpledown figthe for be used green should overornamentation, through and a revival newer of under them gray pattern, the ures the while of restraintechnical a knowledge has atcall general ideals out should as in the background. should come influence ing in the use of ornament ad- a valuable tention prove and of one of black outline and An it teaches leave for to out what dition to making. modern home relieve to any be added white may just taste as discriminating will

'"PHESE crafts should appeal to teach what to use. monotony. These outlines surthe amateur because they reHandicraft is beautiful only round all the figures and separate the background. from them To materials quire and simple only restrained, ornamentally when detailed treatment attempt a more leftoversequipment. The decoration immeaningless and and in be not rug a hooked would castoffs a of will often household its slogan usefulness. pairs The

successful.prove supply. an is ample to The handicraft worker of the

tools are also of the simplest. make the useful beautiful, for

Few articles of home furnishing "that which is thoroughly fitted XJOOKED rugs are made from are more useful or decorative than to its use is nearly always beauticotton, wool, or silk. Very

a wellmade and attractive rug. ful."successful materials for hooked

And among the interesting techrugs which give a beautiful effect niques which have been revived HTHE practical worker uses only are silk and rayon cut from hose from the old time crafts are nuthe type of design which harand underwear. The material

merous handmade rugs. These monizes with the process by which is first dyed and then cut round

are the braided rug, the scalloped the rug is made, and does not indisand round, each strip being about rug, the knitted rug, the crocheted criminately imitate the character % to one inch wide.

rug, the hooked rug, the needleof another rug. The foundation is first stretched

colonial rag rug, the andwoven is It frame. a applied made on wooden feature ornamental Any fall these intorug. rugs All of sacks. or onion of burlap The must in handicraft to a problem the to accordingtwo divisions, the feature technical principal of special to the related intimately be

first the In of making.manner is strips the of the rug type. hooking particular structure of each

the with are rugs madedivision a material into foundation, of distincthe most example, For without tools andsimplest hand collective the loops where form is rug braided the of feature tive machinery. approachinganything textile. the loops are crowdThe in the manner developed from scalloped, the rug, braidedThe in ed the the meshes of between braid of strands three the which knittufted the and crocheted,the pressing burlap held one and by tobraiding for arranged, are by class. this are in rugsted The against the other. darker a of strands gether two lead rugs needlewoven andhooked

from this division to the more color with one of a very much mechanically developed rug, the lighter color a characteristic patHTHE woolen rug is clipped after colonial rag rug. tern develops when the braids are * it is hooked. Clipping is an

sewed together in circular rows. improvement for the color in the

tool used in making in this feature only it is emphasizing the flannelHTHE By loop deepens when scalloped rug braided * the and pedesign the rug gets a charm velvety. becomes cut, and Another

is the sewing needle. The croculiarly its own and becomes way to add variety of tone value

cheted and knitted rugs are made through a technical feature, a rug in the surface of the rug is to with the crochet hook and the distinctive in appearance. dye the cotton and woolen strips

knitting needles respectively. In somewhat unevenly. A cotton rug

all arethis division the rugs made is it clipped because not only similar example and A NOTHER a frame. hookedwithout The frays, fraying and would weaken is rug. the in hooked found in point followsrug which them the texture rug. of the filling is a founup made by first is the This theof development of

is an idealhandmade rugs to be made on a dation of burlap with loops of The summer time frame. cloth. These strips may be either time for such work. If you have

The only other tool used in of cotton, wool or silk, but whatnever made a rug of the sort deyear, represcribed ever this the material above, used they try one the the rug is hookedmaking hook sent a it a find coarse thread, will very with and and thereafter you it itsor needle gets which from name. coarse thread, a design with a simple matter to make use of old

great deal of detail cannot be carsilk underwear and hosiery in the gECAUSE the method of makried.. The most appropriate decreation of useful, attractive rugs.

ing these oldtime rugs is so sign for a hooked rug is one with Read The Craft of Rugmaking, simple, their design must correslarge spaces of different colors in by Amy Hicks.

Recreation in the Home V Constructive Play and Games needle will develop more rapidly if Among the many articles which she is allowed to make things such can be made are the following:

CISSORS and Paste: The asart dolls'acquiredclothes.and thereBasketryare manyis an whileBirdactivityHouses:forThisboysis anda worthgirls

child of three or four is ready books telling how it may be done. and at the same time will provide

for a pair of small blunt scis- A Few Sources of Help: Among homes for the feathered friends.

sors under a certain amount of the many books containing sugIn building bird houses, it is supervision, and paste may follow gestions for making toys and other better to build simple houses used soon after. For a while paper and articles are the following: by wrens, bluebirds and robins.

cardboard need be the only maSecure boards from an old soapCharles School Toys,"starch A. box, even or box a wooden Co., 204 Publishing The Bruce shingles, a a a hammer, and saw Wis. Milwaukee, Building, terials.A carton from the grocer makes Kunou,Montgomery"American

an ideal doll house and old manila "Bird Houses Boys Can Build,"by few nails, and you are ready to befiling folders furnish first class maAlbert F. Siepert, Manual Arts Press, gin.

111. furniture. shoe Peoria, terial for A few of the is one A wrenhouse Brigham, Louise Furniture,""Box cerealboxes, writing paper boxes, disimplest to construct. The York City. Century Co., New The

cartons, etc., will furnish all neces- "Cork Toys,"Jane T. Hoxie, Kindermensions are, floor cavity, 4"x4",

sary building material for a whole garten Review, December, 1912. with a depth of 7"; diameter of

Instruction Book. Dennison's village, entire includingfarm or an 7/%"', circular entrance Costumes. entrance, Paper Make How to etc. trees, fences, bridges,buildings, 5"; thickness of above floor boards Rope. Paper with Weaving

to cut are ". be animalsPeople and or Art. Sealing "Wax Vi yA propins Clothes magazines. Favors. and Tablesfrom in hole small be should made A and Halls, Booths Decorate to How table posts, posts, gate vide bed floor the for holes drainage, and Automobiles. like, spools the while and legs and also Flowers. placed the be just beneath Paper Crepe to may Make How tree pots, as are flower useful corks Pe- C. by Louis Toys,""Educational eaves for ventilation. These add

stands, bridge underpinnings, etc. tersen, The Manual Arts Press, Peoria, greatly to the comfort of the birds

111. beautipiece a of mirror makesA days. hot All houses be should on for by A. Boys,"Handicrafts "Home geese, boats, lake ful ducks, for easy to so open, they that can be Co. George Hall, H. Doran Neely

turtles. frogs swans, and Walnut Edward Toys,"Tin Can cleaned season. "Making the at the of end

shells or raisins with clove legs Thatcher, J. B. Lippincott, Philadelphia, When mounted on a pole, white

turtles realistic as Pa. as well make the color. best color of the The School is in for "Suggestions Hand Work sail. really willboats which bird similar the house should be to Milton, Hoxie, Jane T. by Home,"and the cut a turtle shape of Paper Mass. Springfield, is it object attached. Bradley Company, to which The

is a shell. pasted half match on Dank, C. Michael Patterns,"A by "Toy placed house should be wren from

111. Peoria, Press, Arts candle in stuck pick tooth Manual or wax The six feet ten to the ground. above Harris by Toys,"Training "Manual a shell half into a dropped makes

Press. like Arts a Manual Woodpeckers Moore, The made home W. sails the mast. complete Paper Johnson, The by Work, Saw "Coping like tree. the a trunk of Wren boat. 111. Peoria, Press, Arts Manual houses have opening not must an Miller, The Charles "Kitecraft,"by cut dolls inch long) Paper (H larger a quarter than a dollar, of Press. Arts Manual tissue to paper can be from made School,"insist in and a and Martens tenement on Making Home "Toy

dance by rubbing a piece of woolby R. K. and M. G. R. Polkinghorne. house, with neighboring families

silk piece a cloth briskly or en over in each are room. There many to Make: Like Boys Things directly glass placed of window will that however, gladly age birds, early at an begin may boy The dolls be over them. should The their in nest shaped make any soap Ivory carving. soap with laid glass a table the supand on build, house the provided you may matefoundation the provide will ported one about books on two is safe. place fishes and boats, ducks, rial for thick. half a inch and works This

shelf, with or without a roof, best when there is considerable turtles which will make useful A "static"electricity in the air. The floating toys. Cork will provide nailed to your window ledge,

room should not be too warm. good whittling material and all makes a good feeding station. Have

a large cage to wire it. with meshes from toys be made sorts of may Girls to Like Things Make: suet, a corn arrangehold hopper satisfactory, are corks most Old Girls the of enjoy making many fill suet autoor to an with ment be puralso cork sheet may but early things make. boys an By replaces fast as the that food mat chased. girl a age dexterity the develops

it is as eaten.

with the fingers superior than that With the aid of a coping saw of the boy. It is therefore in the and boxes of thin wood he may The Department of Agriculture

finer handicrafts that she finds one further develop his ability. Puzissues a bulletin (Farmers Bulletin

called Houses Bird No. 1456) more be expression the of best of avenues now may made—and to Build which and Them, How useother as well stenciling, in embroidery, many sewing, zlestoys—as ideas gives subgood on this many onequarter articles. ful basketry, play weaving, bead Wood work,

handicraft in crepe paper and wax. inch thick, obtainable from a lumject.

The girl's ability with the ber dealer, serves as good material. Kites: Kite making and flying

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 635

are interesting to the boy and body for steering purposes. To tains detailed information on modoftentimes to the girl. operate, one boy rides and another el airplane making. It is profuseThere are many designs, but the pushes. Of course a pushmobile ly illustrated with plans and diatail-less bow kite is the most easily can have a much better appearance grams.

made and most successful flyer. and be made to look like a racing Many other toys and articles

The specifications are few and if auto if a little more time is given may be made by boys. A numcarefully followed the kite is althe project. Parts of boxes may ber are suggested in Handcraft, a

ways successful. It requires very be made to look like a hood, and book of patterns with directions

little wind, and can be flown in a regular steering wheel instead of for making toys, favors and useful a minimum of space and with a a string will give the effect of a articles published by the P. R. A.

minimum of effort. real auto. It is possible, too, to A. ($1.25). Other helpful books

Two strips split from a bamboo put a pipe along the side to reprewill be found listed under A Few fishing pole make the best frame. sent the exhaust pipe. A good Sources of Help.

These should be the same length pushmobile can be made from a at coaster notched ends.and the wagon. Gaines Around the Table Next of one bend the sticks inis really much easier A scooter

to a bow with an arc having a to make than a pushmobile, but SCOUTING for Words: Select

radius about oneeighth of its only half the fun to operate. The **-* some class of words such as anilength; then attach the bow, at its equipment consists of a set of rollmals, birds, trees, girls'names. In

exact middle, to the other stick at ers from a skate, a piece of 6"x2"the case of animals each person in exactly right angles and at a point wood about 3 feet long and a piece turn tries to name an animal beone-fifth from the end. Run a of wood 2"x2"and 3 feet long. ginning with A until there are no

string around the frame not too Place the rollers at each end of the more. The first person who cantight but tied securely at each of 6"x2"wood on the flat side. At not name another animal beginthe four points. Paste paper looseone end put the 2"x2"piece upning with A has a point scored

ly on convex side of frame. Lap right. Attach a little crosspiece at against him, and the letter B is

about one inch of paper over string the right height for handle bars. treated similarly. This goes on

all around. Paste around edges To operate, place one foot on and through the entire alphabet and

only. For a kite three feet in push with the other. the person with the least number

length, newspaper is about the Stilts: Stilts are readily made of points wins.

right weight, for smaller kites a from two sticks the size of clothes Progressive Stories: Thrilling

thinner paper is better. poles (I"x2"x6"). Cleats for tales are frequently the result of

Attach belly band to upright steps may be found ready made in this pastime. One player starts

stick at point onefourth of length the pieces usually cut from rafters telling a story and after a few minabove cross bar and onefourth of in the building of a house. utes (perhaps in the middle of a

length below. Belly band should Radios: This is a step which sentence) he says "next!"and the

be on convex side of kite. Make holds the interest of a great manext person must take up the story

small holes through paper to atjority of boys at the present time. where he left off. This goes

tach. Flying string may be tied The Bureau of Standards, Departaround the circle until the last perto belly band at point opposite ment of Commerce, Washington, son caps the story with a fitting

bow or may be left as loop sliding D. C.i has published a series of inclimax.

freely on band. expensive pamphlets on the makTrades: Every player, except

If properly constructed, this ing of radios. Because of the inone who holds the office of leader,

kite should rise directly from the novations which are constantly beselects a trade or profession which hands of the one holding the ing made, it will be well for the he must retain throughout the string. If it does not, place on enthusiast in radio construction to game. The reader opens a book

ground convex side down and top consult radio magazines. Many at random and reads a passage

toward wind. After carrying of the larger daily papers also conaloud. When he comes to any

string ten or fifteen yards to windtain information on radio makcommon noun he looks at one of ward, draw in few yards of string ing. A good many of the parts the tradesmen, who must instantly

and kite will rise. This kite for homemade radios may be purname some article that he is supavoids the necessity of running or chased at the ten cent stores. posed to have for sale, or some

having another person hold the A. Neely Hall's book, Home implement connected with the exkite. By alternately jerking and Handicraft for Boys, contains four ercise of his craft. By this substipaying out string, kite will readily chapters on this subject, as well as tution of one noun for another, the

rise above tree tops and houses and ideas for many other projects. most pathetic passage is converted

into steady current of air. Published by George H. Doran into an indescribable jumble of abPushmobiles and Scooters: A Company, 244 Madison Avenue, surdities.

pushmobile is very easy to make. New York City. The Four Elements: The party

All that is necessary is four wheels, Airplanes: Making airplanes is is seated in a circle. The player

two axles, a little lumber and some a recent development which has who commences the game takes a string. Set the wheels on the axles, caught the imagination of the boys knotted handkerchief and throws

get a 6"x2"piece of wood 8 feet of America and which is laying the it suddenly into another's lap, calllong and attach wheels to this, foundation for the development of ing out at the same time, "earth,"taking care that the front wheels future scientists. water, air, or fire. If

are placed so that they will turn A book entitled Building and "earth"is called out, the player either way. Tie string to the Flying Aircraft, issued by the P. must respond with the name of

front wheel on each side of the R. A. A. (price $2.25), consome quadruped before the other

636 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

can count ten; if "water,"he must developing his own personality. and bloom. To feel the breathname a fish; if "air,"a bird, and His sympathies have failed to deing of old Mother earth as you put

if "fire,"he must remain silent. velop that much. One great source your eager hands into her bosom

Should a player name a wrong aniof social play has been amputated. and prepare it for the seed; to

mal, or speak when he should be To have animals in his environwatch the earth, eager for the rain, silent, he must take his turn at ment is in his blood. Animals open her pores and drink like a

throwing the handkerchief. But have been a part of his family life thirsty child; to see the plants

should he perform his task propever since dog and man took to quiet, intent, leaves expectant and erly he must throw the handkerhob-nobbing. They are a great flowers longing for the coming

chief back to the first player, who moral influence. He seeks them as rain; to walk in the garden in the

repeats the action with some other his muscles seek tools, his stomach early morning to watch it waken person. food, and his eyes light."with the dawn, the flowers gently

Beanbag Games: These are shaken by the dawn breezes; to see

many and varied and can be adaptIn an informal study which is the last misty haze of night dised to home conditions. Frequentbeing made among several hundred appear before the rising sun—then

ly the making of a board or other young men and women, of activthe soul is too full for speech. Only

equipment for these games can be ities and relationships in early life unutterable adoration and appremade an interesting recreational acwhich in their opinion did most to ciation of God fills the heart. Do

tivity for the whole family. Some create stability of home ties, it let some of us make a garden.

beanbag games are: beanbag circle, has been interesting to learn how Learn the nature of plants, what

toss, fox and squirrel, duck on a many of the activities mentioned they like to eat, how much water rock, beanbag throw, catch basket, were recreational in their scope, they need, where they like to grow, crisscross goal, fetch and carry, things which the family did tothe varieties that live under the and jump the beanbag. gether in their leisure time. The same conditions. Learn about soils,

Five in a Row: For this simkeeping of pets ranks high in the nature of the plants that thrive in

ple game mark on a paper or board list. Many of the young people different soils.

any number of squares. Each recall vividly the influence this had Children, taught to recognize

player adopts a special mark, a ciron their early life. the first two leaves of Asters, Migcle, a cross, a star or a check. The There are few children who nonette or Zinnia from chicken

object is for each player to get five do not desire some kind of pet weed and dandelion, are given a of his marks in a row, up and a dog, a kitten or a rabbit. Nothcapacity for future joy in their endown, across or diagonally. Each ing is more important than the devironment.

plays in turn and tries to block the veloping of the mothering instinct Almost every child has a desire others from getting five in a row. and the instinct of comradeship to plant seeds and watch them

'Nothing can give him aMarks may be put anywhere on through play which very early in grow.

the board. life takes this realistic form. Cruelmuch better occupation than to deTissue Paper Race: Each playty to animals and fear of them are velop his own garden. A little

er cuts a square of tissue paper and often times overcome if children plot should be given the child for puts upon it some initial or mark can have an early acquaintance his own private use. The vegeby which it may be identified. with them. Entire care and retables he grows he may sell to his

Four inches is a goodsized square. sponsibility for the pets may rest parents for the dinner table at the

At one end of the row, two book with the children, thereby giving prevailing market price, or they ends or other solid objects are set them a real education in the life may be a special gift to the family up about a foot apart. A twoand habits of animals. If there from time to time. In any case,

foot space is good for the first are boys in the family the construcraising flowers and vegetables will game. At the other end of the tion of a house for the pets will be be a liberal education to the child,

room the players are lined up, arman interesting project. as well as giving him good physied with fans. When the word Dogs are probably the most cal exercise. If a piece of ground

"go"is given, each starts to fan popular pet and it is a distinct adis not available, a wooden box will his square the length of the room vantage to have the dog grow up be better than no garden at all.

and through the goal posts. The with the child from babyhood. The book, "When Mother Lets

first to waft the tiny paper through Cats are popular with many chilUs Garden,"published by Moffat, pricethe goal posts wins. dren and rabbits rank near the Yard & Co., New York City,

This game can also be played head of the list. If there is a very $1.25, contains considerable mateon a table with eggs from which limited space, canaries and gold rial which will be helpful to the

the contents have been blown. In fish will suffice although these canchildren in making gardens.

this case no fans are used, each pernot take the place of the pets the son blowing his eggshell across the children can actually play with. The Automobile

table. 'T'O leave home seems to be the

For other social games see the Gardening paramount issue in the hearts

M. I. A. Handbook. of boys at a certain age. Many

TJEAUTIFY your home surparents have this problem to face,

Pets and Objects of Affection roundings. Make your spot and, because they do not realize

of earth a delight to the eye and a that the boy is acting under a natZEEPING Pets: "The child joy to all who enter or pass. The ural urge of youth too many atwho is starved for the lack of eternal miracle of the Resurrection tempt to face it by keeping him

pets,"Dr. William G. Vinal has is repeated each time you sow the even closer at home. This fundasaid, "has failed to that extent in seeds and they germinate and grow (Continued on page 643)

Out of {he Burning, (Continued from page 609) very thing,"he replied. "She is "Come over here, Pamela,"how you can walk, and go tell

tired of her idle life. Says it is beckoned Portia. "I've decided to the nurse lady not to take Grandempty and meaningless. We're go into business. I am not going pa's farm."

both going to work for a year, to marry Spike Reeves until he and then, if we're still interested can at least support himself. Dad

eyes turned up- A]XL the difFerent. money, to loan agreed other,in be has each me it may

first effort his the child, making art on to jar. an open going a gave and know, you I am meYou

falteringly, Unsteadily, to walk. folks the shop. antique a of So heard and before neverI had

girl leaving a room while a man won't lose us both at once,"she he stood up and awkwardly put was asking her to marry him. I concluded. "You seem to be the a foot to the floor. He grasped

learned I wasn't so much. 1 only one who didn't know he was the crutches, felt their friendly

learned that all girls are not mercrazy about you, Pamela. How support and became braver. Pacenary. Goodbye, Pamela."nice that must be!"mela and Millie both jumped toPamela did not resent his faward him as he hesitated and

miliar tone. She was glad to seemed to lose his balance. One

step, then another, andlearn of his better nature, but still "CURLY,"Steve Turuncertain more happy over Portia's decision ner came forward and spoke in still another with a purpose and to work. If she could only learn his heavy punctuated manner, decision, straight toward Millie.

to appreciate the happiness which "This hyar young doctor says "I'm a comin'back ter youns, a sense of 'independence would thet thar boy would adied ef et Mammy,"he mumbled, white bring! hadn't a bin fur youns. Weuns from the exhaustive effort, "but

ter Curly, can't Curly's money, acomin'some no day pay youns sur- a real Harrison Home At larnin'kin you another got books. She's gev bring weuns but me arrival of nurse theprise awaited

and patient. Doctor Locke and deed ter thet thar land o'ourns. ways, an'Doctor Dick likes her

taxes took kept them thar same as me."We've gathered Steve andDick, Abe were

cast cried unrestrainedly as her choked Millie keer of."and Pamela dark a fifth person whosearound

blue blouse could not conceal the a hopeless glance at Young Docfirst-born reached the protection mountaineer's build. He was telltor Locke. Everyone seemed to of her shoulder, and Doctor Dick

ing an interesting story and the want to find something to do; even hastened to add, "Yours was the

five heads nearly touched. Even Judge Harrison looked off at the first and greatest love, Millie, we

Judge Harrison leaned over to hear. sky. The needed diversion came all knew that. Pamela, you have

to Dick, place that take second produced Doctor with from who Bud. wasWhy A changed

fill gaily, cried crutches of pair a going to but and I'm young man; speech, haltingBud. no conitNo Steve, folks the the on, void!"End). (The show "Come fusion, straightforward but and

smiling, with a friendly grip to his hand shake.

"I'm proud to see youns again, Jean Waschg,aw the IronEater

Curly,"he spoke with no trace (Continued from page 621) of embarrassment, no hint of their last meeting. "I must thank you But John is not the ony celebof remarkable talent. His record,

for being so good to little Steve."rity in the branch, for living too, may be verified; for those

with him is his uncle, only three who are fortunate enough to visit schedthe international exposition years older he than and redheaded came within this coming is an artist uled comyoung This summer in man all too! Echo the women—MotherJr ROM

smiles over the new clothes she had procured for Millie and the store teeth which subtracted years from Casy's appearance. Aunt

Eunice and Portia, both smiling and mysterious. Portia looked so

much more satisfied and contented, now the decision was made, it would really be easy.

"Oh, my boy!"cried Millie,

unable to keep her face entirely free from tears, "Curly shore did drive away thet thar misery!"

"He says he ain't goin'ter go home ter Crow's Nest no more.

He says he nary wants ter live with weuns no more."Abe knew

tears were feminine, but the memmory of that terrible afternoon had made an indelible mark upon him. M. I. A. Drama in Belgium

638 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

memoration of the centennial of indeBelgium's of the foundation Historicity of Jesus his The see a dozen of pendence, may designs and paintings conspicuous- (Continued from page 610) ly displayed to the entire world.

Recently this young man argranted that our chief evidence is that the center of Christian worranged the stage of the new Church the gospel narratives and the writship is Christ to whom they sing chapel just completed in Seraing, ings of Paul. These, however, hymns of praise.

and for the first drama, the ever stand a most rigid test. Says HopSuetonius, in his lives of the

popular, "Peg of my Heart,"was kins, 7 "Within almost a generaTwelve Caesars (Ca. 120 AD)

played in the new edifice, and the tion of his death, the words and twice apparently refers to Christiplayers, all members of the branch activities of Jesus and his imanity. While there is considerable

M. I. A., enjoyed a superb backmediate followers were committed vagueness about his reference to

ground and setting. Everything to writing. This account is too one Christus who created a diswas constructed and arranged by near the event to justify doubt as turbance among the Jews in Rome,

members of the Church, for in this to the historicity of Jesus."it is fair to presume that he knew

branch there happens to be an elecBut there is supporting testithere were followers of a character trician, a carpenter and a genuine mony worthy of consideration named Christ.

artist, hearts as well whose Biblical as their extra evidence that cannot skill into this were put worthwhile gainsaid. be well of "RE that as it may, Tacitus, 8 a Clement

endeavor. Rome, writing near the end of the Roman historian of great note,

HTHE author was describing the first century declared, "The aposrefers explicitly and definitely to * beauty of the stage to a friend tles received the gospel for us from Christ after whom the Christians of the Church who has the irthe Lord, Jesus Christ."Of course whom Nero persecuted were

ritating habit of making facetious the Christian tradition generally named. Moreover, he gives the

remarks about Americans, and in accepted Christ without question. information that Jesus (clearly the

part he said: "Is it as good as Heretics, against whom Ignatius Jesus of gospel history) was put

those which you have in Ameriand others warned the followers, to death by Pontius Pilate in the ca?"He was given the reply that did not question at all the actual reign of Tiberius Caesar. Tacitus

it was as fine and even finer than appearance of Jesus on earth. lived in the latter part of the first

many which are to be found in century and the early second centhe famous Beehive state, and the "THAT this Christian tradition tury. His Annals date about 115 AD. all atanswer was not exaggerated. accepted * was writers by Roman

are three then Here writRoman these Wherever inspired auxiliat least casually who mention ers cited be who in support mayary organizations of is vital the Church Christ of importance. Pliny

have into been put operation there in a letter to Trajan (112 AD) ofJesus,the viz.,gospelPliny,story Suetonius,of the historicandreal progress be found, asks may anxiously not about his duties

only in the promulgation of the with reference to Christians in his Tacitus. For Jewish writers

extra is nowGospel of Jesus Christ but also province of Bithynia. Biblical—Josephus He seems pretty generally accredited as ain the application of its morale to think there is little danger from

in teaching people how to live them, that the superstition is dysupporting witness as set forth by together happily and hopefully. ing out. He found some, he said, Elder Sjodahl in the March Era.

beauty efficacyThe and of offered incense the who to Caesar and creditedIn the historicalface, then,Jesus,of a wellthe acla-Savior's takes plan definite cursed Christ. form He writes as though

in the lives of all those who abide the actuality of Christ's life is well bored effort of some great scholars to a give legendary account its of him teachingsby participate and tells in known. in us nothing He 9 falls to the ground.the fruits of such a desirable tree. particular about him, but finds

These two young men, Jean and 8Tacitus, Annal XV—44.Joseph are Waschgaw, giving daily:>For a thorough discussion of this 7Hopkins, E. W., "The History of

to hundreds of people a testimony Religions,"p. 552. Cf. Drake, Durant, whole question, see Case, S. J., "The

of what the Gospel may do for all "Problems of Religion,"pp. 6364. Historicity of Jesus."

the honesthearted people to be found in this battlescarred, but everthriving little nation of Belgium. "That's the Berries!"

Freedom "I'll help,"Marianne(Continuedsaid, flyfromstairspagewith620)a bottle of triple X

COMEONE has said "There is no ing from the look she saw on Dacream.

more conclusive argument vid's face. "Where are they?"he said, atagainst bondage, whether physical "No you won't,"said David. tempting to push by her.

or intellectual, than that man be- "I want ito talk to you, right comes satisfied with such thrallnow."He slipped an arm about l\LICE stopped him.

dom. Even the nightingale will her shoulders and led her away, "Give 'em a chance,"she said.

not sing in its cage unless you first unresisting. "You didn't mean that about

put its eyes out. And man's eyes Alice had the dishes filled and Kent, did you?"Jimmie asked,

must be put out before he can sing was standing thoughtfully when begging for reassurance.

in a cage!"Jimmie came bounding up the (Continued on page 642)

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Aaronic Priesthood Supervision

HT HE following instructions relative the Church Service Committee and c. If not attending Priesthood meet-

** to the selection and duties of the direct assignments of members of the ings and Sunday School, and are otherAaronic Priesthood supervisors in the Aaronic Priesthood in ward teaching. wise inactive, consult the parents first,

various wards of Ogden Stake have f. In all classes in Sunday School find out from them the reason, then

been prepared and sent out by the comprising members of the Aaronic proceed to labor with them in love.

Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee Priesthood; there should be at least d. Don't preach at them. Do not

of that stake, of which W. W. Rawone member of the Melchizedek Priestemphasize the wrong they are doing.

son is chairman, with the approval hood to act as class teacher. Don't chastise them. Don't magnify

of the stake presidency. These splenSixth. Committee should submit their faults, but work with them in

did instructions are presented here for a monthly report to the bishopric the spirit of love, even as the missionthe information of all those engaged for their consideration and ask for ary does out in the world. Don't

in this important work: recommendations from the bishopric quit until you have every boy active.

First. The bishopric should select as to their work the following month. Ninth. Build up quorum identities.

the best boys'men for committeemen. Seventh. Instructions should be a. Adhere to revealed order respectSecond. After they are called and given by the bishopric to the coming the presidency of the quorum.

set apart they, the committee, should mittee on the following: b. Committee should never take the

direct all activities of the Aaronic a. Every boy should be given an place of the presidency.

Priesthood under the direction of the assignment. c. Encourage the quorum to attend

bishopric. b. No one boy should be selected in a body at a funeral of a member

Third. Bishopric should not go to administer the sacrament, baptize, in case of death, or a member of his

over the heads of the committee in pass the sacrament, take part in socials, family.

making any assignments, but if they fraternal work, on programs, in want anything done by the boys, indramas, speak, pray, messenger service, d. Encourage socials as quorums

struct the committee to direct the etc., every Sunday where there are and as members of the entire Aaronic

work. sufficient to pass the honors around; Priesthood; encourage home parties

Fourth. The bishopric should recbut every boy should be given equal among those who may be inactive.

ognize the committee the same as they opportunity and privileges. Every as- e. In case there should be feelings

do the superintendent and teachers of signment should be checked by the among the members of the quorum

Sunday School or M. I. A. supervisor and in no instance should try to rectify same and thus promote

Fifth. The committee should make an unfilled duty be passed by the a good fellowship among all.

recommendations to the bishopric for supervisor without impressing the boy Tenth..The foregoing instructions

their approval and receive instructions with the seriousness of failure to fulare intended to assist the members of from the bishopric to carry out. fill a sacred duty. the bishopric in their duties as the

a. In organizing or reorganizing a Eighth. Missionary Work. presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood

Priesthood quorum the bishopric a. Get the names, addresses, and and not relieve them of the responsishould consult with the Aaronic telephone numbers of every member bility of meeting with Aaronic PriestPriesthood Committee before final acof the Lesser Priesthood of the ward. hood quorums and classes and directing

tion is taken. b. Learn their habits and desires. the work.

b. For promotions in the Priesthood, the bishopriic should request

recommendations from the Aaronic IndustryPriesthood Committee.

c. The bishopric should advise the

committee of }all boys over eleven HTHE brief, practical discussion of the tion for industry. They have conyears of age who may be considered * topic presented herewith was sent structed irrigation systems; they have

prospective deacons. These boys should as a message for March by the Los Anreclaimed deserts; they have cleared

then be invited to meet with the geles and Hollywood stakes to their waste lands; they have founded comdeacons to prepare them, at least six members through the ward teachers. It munities, built homes, and set into

months before they become 12 years is commended to the attention of all operation the benign forces of governof age. ward bishoprics and stake presidencies ment, education and religion.

as presentation appropriate an of an of great labors such "Out was send then d. should bishopric The affecting matter the welfare important fashioned that character as the known and to a notice man, youngout of people, our about young which 'Mormon.'hardiof wasif He to a man be for promoted agreeable him their parents they be advised should by vision. hood, courage and an father, was to He his appearask with him, their leaders: spiritual and

. builder. empire bishbishopric. the After thebefore

is the "Industry factor in foremost satisfied is that he shouldopric be these great "But, are labors no the great living, business successful of his be then shouldpromoted name longer available for the fashioning and it is a cardinal and principle in the the to the ofpresented membership of the development character. Mormon teachings the of Christ of Jesus Churchward. fit Saint into the The must of Saints. Latterday PriestAaronic the of it member his new into e. A Latterdayindustry—taking

hood Committee should be a member "Wherever the Mormon people are hardihood, courage and vision. The

of the ward teaching department of found, they have established a reputa- (Continued on page 643)

iwflt a LawTrainingbehind

A complete library—

25 volumes, standard size, 1930 edition—

Modern American Law—is sent at once

to all students upon enrollment

Automatically Your

Earnings Increase!

training provides definite Everything in Your Favor The authors are outstanding legal authorbest country's the of ities include many and training rewards, in trained and a law for men law The opportunities school attorneys and law judges, known ever than are far today greater business Institute ALAWacquired Blackstone through professors. law These know deans men and

detemporary and Unemployment entirely places future taught. your within it should your before. be how—and of progress the pression never need hamper hands. We have hundreds of letters the law trained executive he is a valuable

telling of successes made by men and asset and his progress is governed almost A Salary Increase Tomorrow efforts. entirely by his own will and formerly stood in your who women to you, news would—That position aristocrat today. of is the Law it? claims that the wouldn't no Webemakewelcome Outstanding HomeStudy The of will bring a startling are course all study as students our study stamped and its

men of discernment and dignity. Course in Law increase in income to every student and

Modern American Law (cited M.A.L. by yet, many students report increases as high

Law Training Is Necessary Today the courts of last resort) is the basis of the as 200% in their salaries after beginning of the consists library study of law through the Blackstone course. This the large Blackstone leaders Look around of you—ask Institute. valuable as a serves and also 25 volumes enterprises find that and a trainyou will

ing in law has been responsible in a great reference work upon the entire field of law. We do claim that a law training is the

measure for the outstanding successes that Elaborate lesson material in unit form is best foundation for a successful business or men have attained, with no greater previsent regularly, which directs the study careprofessional career, and that our course is nonresident the field of a peer in the to calls attention moneywithout and ous training than perhaps have you now. fully

Institute, Blackstone Delaw instruction. principles possibilities the of using making in chances of stepping Your important to an

position with an income of $5,000.00 and of law in daily business affairs. Graduates partment 0000, 307 North Michigan Avenue,

upward yearly, are more than 60% in your are awarded the LL.B. degree. Chicago.

favor with a law training.

I BLACKSTONEDept. 95, 307 N. Michigan INSTITUTEAve., Chicago, 111. Q 1 "The LawTrained Man"

of the Complete evidence merit and I PleaseTrainedsendMan,"me byandmail,detailsandofwithoutyour lawobligation,course anda service.copy of your book, "The Lawpossibilities of Blackstone moneymaking

training in attractive an I booklet, Trained Man.""Theis containedLaw It REE I "Hfimt loafing proves that to study time turned

time today will provide richly for the i all about future. to want you know 'We.- Position...

the will Business that wonderful opportunities for open you. up your for Send lawFREE

Address Business copy today!... n—. [

City.. State i—.—j

MUTUAL=s WOE= Executive DepartmentGeneral Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Gen'l Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox,

Richard R. Lyman, Lucy Grant Cannon,

Melvin J. Ballard, Gen'l Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Clarissa A. Beesley,

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

The June Conference

since our Jubilee in 1925 tions, and blessings of the First Presiand light of the world, the one NOThave we had quite such a Condency and other leaders of the Church. through whom destruction may be esference as the one just passed. The The Slogan for the new year as caped and eternal life secured.

spirit of the Centennial was in the adopted at the conference "We Stand The preface places all that follows air and every one of the large number for Loyal Adherence to Latterday subordinate to the words of the Reof delegates was actuated by it—the Saint Ideals"—will carry onward deemer. The choice of the preface

spirit of rededication and unspoken throughout the year, the inspiration proclaims meekness.

pledge to live and maintain Gospel of this great conference. 3. The Official Reaffirmation and

standards and particularly to give de- A full account of the proceedings the Call for Rededication.

voted service in the cause of youth. will appear in the August and ensuing Here the presidency is placed as the

The challenge thrown out by the issues of the Era. servant of the Church, and the Church theme of the Conference—"Onward speaks through its presidency. The

with Mormon Ideals"—was caught up Program for Joint Evening reaffirmation breathes trust and loyalby the officers and members alike and ty. The call for rededication is

from the wholehearted enthusiastic Session for Sunday Evening, expressive of authority and expectaresponse the Church can be confident August 3 tion. It has in it the warmth of an

that the M. I. A. will do its part invitation and the strength of a comnobly in the century which lies ahead. 1. Opening exercises consisting of mand.

prearranged music and invocation. Testimony Concerning 4. The

to effort Special been made had 2. Notices of Revelation Inspiration and announcement and and the

this gathering of a conference make to Science. Tribute program.

leaders as people as well of and young the review of is given the glory 3. Thirty minute as for all God

set for so sessions apart were Presithe First possibilities, centennial source message of the of man's and this of the morning on efforts specially preidency to find man's twopurpose—one one or more by out and do

the second day for the younger mempared persons. Material for preparaappreciated as a factor in making theis

the bers Vanof follows. tion past one organization—Scouts, years message the hundred miracle The complete

girls, guards, and Junior BeeHive and is in century the the ages, of the of Era. the number in which path May

closthe one Sunday evening, on and 4. exercises in of progress has Other keeping divinely been with ing meeting, for the M Men and M. I. A. Sunday evening objectives. minated. There is in this part ofilluthe

Gleaners. "Let Zion in Her Beauty Rise"address a broadmindedness that can

That both of these measured up would be a fitting closing hymn and appreciate the achievements of men fully to the expectation of those dithe benediction might be made to without being blind to the power of recting them, all who were fortunate correlate with the message. God.

to be present will attest. They were 5. The Historical Review.

both lovely events of a spiritual and Outline of Message of First The life of Jesus is portrayed in a educational character and the thouPresidency few paragraphs, each one of which sands of young men and young wois a crystal of knowledge. The strugmen, boys and girls who participated, 1. The Salutation. gles of the primitive Church, the

manifested a fine spirit of loyalty and In which the word "beloved"causes decline of Christianity and the rule of devotion to the faith of their fathers. one to think of what was said at the Pagan Idolatry are presented with a

Also inspiring was the splendid probaptism of Jesus and brings to mind vividness that illuminates the necessity gram on adult education, which occuthe introduction of the Son by the for pied one entire afternoon, and the fine Father in the sacred grove. However, 6. A New Gospel Dispensation.

general sessions in which messages from the word is not an exaggerated symbol In this part proof is given that the General Superintendent and Presiof the feelings of the leaders toward "it was not a thing of chance."That

dent, stirring appeals on law observance members of the Church. it was preceded by foreseen preparaand enforcement, the earnest address on 2. The Preface. tory events, that it was ushered in as

the Slogan, and appeals for spiritual The words of him whose Church a part of God's plan with the agency guidance in our leisure hours, were they lead, the Church which bears his of man preserved. Attention is called

given. Crowning it all were the adname—words in which he declares to the fact that "As the Chritian dismonitions, encouragement, instruchimself as the Son of God, the life pensation was ushered in the glory

642 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

of the Lord shone about the shepherds widows and the fatherless, observe the who kept their watch over their fiocks laws of health which the Lord has by night upon the hills of Judea revealed, and keep yourselves unspotted while the voice of the angel of the from the sins of the world. Pay YOUR Lord declared the babe of Bethelehem your tithes and offerings and the Lord

to be the Savior of the world. So will open the windows of Heaven and

j also the glory of the Lord overshadpour out blessings until there shall SUMMER owed Joseph Smith and God himnot be room to contain them.

self in the glory and majesty of his "Be obedient to the laws of God

I person with his only begotten Son, and to the civil laws of the country COAL Jehovah, revealed himself in vision in which you reside and uphold and are chosen to adShould be Josephand withSmithhis ownto be voicethe instrumentdesignated honorministerthosethem."who

through whom the greatest Gospel This heartfelt admonition calls to dispensation of the ages was to be mind the hymn in which is asked, ushered in."more can He say than to you "What KNIGHT Then said,—has follows an unshakable testiHe

mony concerning the coming forth of Is there one exhortation in the is that in keeping with the restoramessage not Spring Canyon tionthe Bookof theofPriesthood,Mormon, organization the Mount? the Sermon on of the Church, establishment of the 9. To the World—A Blessing, A

"mountain of the Lord's house in the Testimony, and a Call.

tops of the mountains,"the subjuga- "To the people of the world we tion of the desert, the lifting of the send our blessing and bear witness to living to plenty, from poverty Christ Jesus lives, that that and them God COAL, the redemption of the dead from the ReSon, begotten is his only i

For the many sudden debondage to freedom. deemer of the world. We call upon all

mands made on a fuel in 7. The Future. men to come unto him that through

"It is pregnant with hope for the his grace they may attain to eternal summer, get Knight Spring j Church."life and an inheritance with him in

Canyon Coal. Utah's hot- j "With the present momentum with the kingdom of his Father."

Address. the 1 0. of the Estimates are the of people world which Some coal, cleanest test, hardest, it j

date."to is "It determination in and the orthodox up forward moving meets quickly. any need Try j epistles of field best the in "It truth of every ranks endeavor of with

it yourself, and see how the | the outlook for the future passes beany age."

clean, straight grain saves j yond the vision of human compre- "It is very choice religious literawaste in the bin, how it ig- j hension."to prosper. TheThereAmericanwill Indiansbe a conare andture. thenIt willthinkpayit tothrough."read it through

nites quickly and burns long j quest over disease and death. Uni- "Judged by the epistle of its presiand fiercely. Favored by na- j versal peace is to come. dency, Mormonism cannot be charged

ture in the making, it is the { 8. The Final Exhortation to the with narrowness."

Saints. "It shows a deep solicitude of the

ideal yeararound coal. "With this glorious vision of the leaders of the Church for the laity."

future to which we look forward "It indicates a wholesome caution we expect our brethren and sisters combined with consistent optimism to put their homes in order that they among the leaders of the Church."

may be prepared for that which is "An excellent expression of reverto come. Refrain from evil; do that ence for Deity and respect for manwhich is good; visit the sick, comfort kind."

those who are in sorrow, clothe the "A good guide to the abundant naked, feed the hungry, care for the life."

UTAH'S CLEANEST, HOTTEST, HARDEST "That's the Berries!"COAL

(Continued from page 638) rich, do we, "No, but—s-sh-h, here they we don't want to be KNIGHT come."Marianne?"

"Alice, Jimmie,"cried the reall stored Marianne, pink and shook Marianne FUEL beautiful "wouldn't and breathless, dimpled. her head, and

you like to go back and take the "Will you, Jimmie?"cried

tenant's farm home over? That CO. Alice. I'll "If don't you go back

complaining, always and..."alone, and the run myself."farm Building 818 Newhouse

"We're going back,"David "I'll tell the world I'll go

Salt Lake City, Utah took up the announcement. "I back,"said Jimmie. I'm sick of

L. E. Adams, General Sales Mgr. can oust mine with a month's nothis kind of an existence. But,"

tice. There's nothing to be gainhe turned a grinning countenance

ed sticking around here; anyway, (Continued on page 649)

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 643

Adult Department Read the i COMMITTEE

A. L. Beeley; Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen J. F. Merrill F. S. Harris L. T. Cannon L. L. Daines R. W. Bennett M. C. Kimball A. M. Cannon | Reading

! Course UNIQUE and interesting affair light swung back of the sheet, producing class effect of the Adult of dancing was a pantomime given byA figures j Books Stake, duringthe 18th Ensign Ward, most amusing. the sheet, which on was

the month of May. About sixty the back of a sheet hung across the

members of the group met to enjoy Some of the ladies had responded to! During the

the well prepared program. The get- a request to wear old fashioned hats,

effectively idea eachacquainted in turn forward and came was stressed and i treasto enter Summer. present millinery a historyso that all seemed gave of her

into the spirit of the occasion and lose ure, some of which were 50 or 60 all restraint. Many interesting games years of age—the hats, of course. As

were played, but none achieved more a finale to this feature, the ladies passed ipopularity than the pantomime game. behind the sheet and staged a shadow Here They

Newspapers were passed and each perfashion show.

son instructed to tear the paper into The program was interspersed with Are forms and figures of animals or birds. delightful readings and songs. DeThese were gathered and pinned on licious refreshments were served and Executive

room. The room was darkened and a the affair pronounced a great success. Life of Joseph

i 1....$2.50 SpecialSmith—CannonPrice to M. I. A., $1.80,

the order. Industry Recreation in the with cash

(Continued from page 639) challenge of the to the youth Church Home AdultsGrandmother is, in brief, this: (Continued from page 636) Brown's 100 Years

for a place yourself in the "Make—Brown 3.00

life industrial it: mental urge may be given normal taking intonew by

The best training the schools can expression today in a more whole- M Men give you; some manner than ever before. Light in the ClearThe full vigor of a manhood This is due to the prevalence of ing—Bachelor 75

inunimpaired intemperance by and the automobile the people. among

dulgence; and often fail of cars owners to Too 2.50 liquor undrugged mind and by A GleanersBamhi—Salten take advantage of their opportunarcotics sin."unspoiled and by nities Girls to travel Junior limits the beyond this add: to Seek would we To Life of their If communities. parof Schumannownqualify a specialist. to become Learn a vocation wherewith you can make ents could but realize the untold Heink—Lawton.... 2.50

derived by the entire fam- a comfortable livelihood and get forbenefits BeeHive ily from an occasional ward. extensive Bishopric, The Presiding Carey's i -t -f automobile trip they would strain Mother every point to give to their chilChickens—Wiggin...75

Practical Rules of dren that advantage. Not just a Vanguard

ride on some holiday along a traffic On the Bottom

Living, jammed highway where nothing Ellsberg 3.00

"VTEVER put off till tomorrow can be seen but other cars and othwhat can be done today. er families and nothing can be Scouts

Never trouble others to do what thought about except to avoid colChad of Knob Hill 2.00

you can do yourself. lision and where next to get a

Never spend your money before "hotdog,"but a wellplanned $17.00

you have it. leisurely tour off the beaten paths, Buy the entire list for Never into buy what the you do not a mountains, to nearby if cash with $15.00 comes

it is because cheap. lake, want into the trees up pine the and if order, the sent $16.00

costs as Pride as cedars. hunger, much restless Let the boys do if D., or O. $17.00

thirst cold. and the planning. realize Make them to the Ward C.charged never repent eating of We it is too that their trip and allow them account.

little.

Nothing is troublesome that we all the joy possible for them todo willingly. obtain. Many Latterday Saint DESERET

How much pain those evils cost families have taken trips of this that never happen. sort and the wholehearted enthuTake things by their smooth siasm with which they are plan- | COMPANY handle.

When angry, always count ten ning the next trip is ample proof 44 E. So. Temple

before—Decalogueyou speak.of Thos. Jefferson. ofrived.the benefits which are to be de- <L SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH <

644 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

High The Utah - Gleaners Department M Men School of Beauty

COMMITTEE Culture Combined M Men and Gleaners Committees 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

Learn a profession that would make you independent for the rest of your life. Write

it in a they did most people, and

Mail this Coupon. for catalog. p President manner. Heber ARRYSo powerfullyON! were these words impressive

sung and cried aloud during the June J. Grant was introduced, in response

Name conference now finished that the echoes to which the entire assemblage sang

Address surely must resound the length and "Hail to Our President."The Presiprovide board to and room CityWe can'students breadth of the Church for the rest of dent delivered a brief, forceful adof out town. 1930—the

the M Mengreatand centennialGleaners whoyear. wereAll wasdress,repeated.and thenThethe benediction,song, "CarryofferedOn,"

present at the meeting held on Sunday by a Gleaner Girl, closed one of the night, June 8, in the Salt Lake Tabmost impressive meetings ever held in ernacle must have thrilled from tip to the M. I. A.

toe with the grateful realization of their heritage. To belong to a Church During the summer months to come,

which is the Church of Jesus Christ the program as presented in the Taberto be the Improvement Era. M Men given—isthe only onea privilegeto whichnot lightlyhis name is nacle will be printed in detail in

regarded. To be one of the youth and Gleaners all over the Church will

of that Church, with years of service want to put it on in ward or stake and understanding ahead, and the posgathering. Prepare it as you are able,

.. sibility of becoming a leader of other and in the early fall, present in your

youth is one which confronts every own localities in such a manner as to worthy member of the Church. Not arouse in every heart the resolve to

an organization manmade and manCarry On!

Automatic Coal Burner governed,except thatthereof strongexists nocharacteraristocracyand

Maintains Even Heat splendid manhood and womanhood, and just as likely is one whose proand Cuts Fuel Costs.. genitors were of the working class The M. I. A. Slogan

of some obscure oldworld town to /WNERS plants whoof homeswant betterand commercialheat and becomeas is onea leaderwhose andtemporalpower conditionfor good for 1930 power for less money will be interested is of wealth and prominence. (Continued from page 611)

in the experience of Manti Temple with The program of the M MenGleaner "rolled has forth "Mormonism"the to inspiration session of was one presidentIron Fireman. Anderson, Lewis the from mountain"out of oband encouragement of people and young says:of Manti, Utah, Temple, Manti scurity into leaders. their daylight. broad to The and promise Our

the to integrity "Hail songs, and "Carry this to devotion and cause On"Firereports that Iron Engineer "Our fervor and with President,"sung were the depend strength upon of our heat throughout maintains uniformman vaulted to the faith resounded which if testimony, safeand we would easier thethe old than building much in great building the which of dome jour spiritual guard heritage we * * * also firing. noticestyle a of We been beautiful so have songs many it a gaining instrong must do by in saving fuel."marked of pictures the youth of sung. The dividual testimony of the truth

leaders the presentday past the and this of Gospel. records of Actual hundreds from ownthe determinain set and motion hope

ers show annual fuel saving of 31.62% tion to prove true to all that has

with Iron Fireman over other methods gone before. Our progenitors be- /\UR duty is not only to preof firing, elimination of the smoke nuiqueathed to this generation a sacred serve our heritage, but to enlarge upon itr Each previous gensance, lowered labor costs, and uniform trust—to carry on the ideals for whichheat or power regardless of weather or they struggled and suffered—and we eration has made its heritage greatload conditions. For further informamust not, shall not betray that trust. er by its achievements. We also

must greater things. accomplish not, shall not, prove unmusttion, see dealer, We local Iron Fireman your

! worthy our heritage Thus we will keep writeor or Read, District phone Mayne

Representative for the Iron Fireman bright and shining and hand it

Manufacturing Company, 1623 Yale The program began with an indown to the coming generation it.Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah. troduction of the M Men chairman better than we received

by Supt. Geo. Albert Smith. After In conclusion I wish to emphafollowed "Carry On,"was sung, by all IRON the opening exercises, the theme song, size the fact that we inhabit a land is choice others. FIREMAN which above

the representations of ConAUTOMATIC COAL BURNER pictorial that decreed prophets the have The tribution Past to the and of Youth the machine The Young People of Today. Faith, people who possess this land "shall

that made coal The Human Body, The Home, Our serve God, or shall be swept off in automatic fuel Government and Our Religion were when they are ripe in their iniqthje subjects treated by the young (Continued on page 646)

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 645

K. P. Co.

KETTERER & PERSCHON CO.

657 Washington Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Interior Decorating, Painting,

Paperhanging in Private Homes, Churches, Amusement Halls Right Prices—High Quality

Satisfaction Assured SKETCHES ON REQUEST Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756

i BEGKER'S i *ECCP

HEALTHFUL

and DELICIOUS

Keep a supply on hand

You can buy BECCO whereAdams Ward M Men Basketball Team ever good drinks are sold

guests All of honor were team men What is an M Man? at at the ball Stake victory a huge

Pres- M Men of By JACK TREVELLO Auditoriumident presentedwheretheStakeAdams Ward the Los Angeles Stake the perpetual of the fortune has good been to trophy, three requires which winsIT the identified to the with writer be possession. Adams The

the past for California in MenM has a very team had Ward Men maintainM

I the answered years. haveseveral season, impressive winning per over 98query, "What is an M Man?"huncent of all games played and defeating

dreds of times. Through the various some of the fastest quintettes in theathletic activities of the M Men, a city of Los Angeles. This team uses

tremendous amount of publicity has the fourman zig system, which has come to the Church of Jesus Christ developed an exceptional fast passing of Latterday Saints in the Golden attack.

Bear state. These athletic activities have done

A potent factor that has gained much in answering the question, wide attention and has stimulated "What is an M Man?"

great interest is the Calarico Interstake

Basketball Tournament sponsored by the Los Angeles Stake M Men. This

project was conceived by a group of M Men Basketball the representing Ward. Adams MenM a

that spaceLittle in the they did dream basketball among HHHAT the M Madefrom it to a years fewof grow would SI*, -*- Men of has reached the Church the proportions that it has. At the amazing proportions is clearly shown

last interstake tournament, teams from in the article "Eight out of Eight LAGERED

Stake,Juarez, Mexico, old Maricopa in the Thousand"which appeared BREWArizona, and Los Hollywood and for Improvement Era 1929. May,

bottled by Made and represented. isAngeles It Stakes were that claimed the An basketMen M CO. BECKER PRODUCTSenthusiastic people is of ball crowd largest over 750 in league the the world.

witnessed the fast basketball exhibited If you know of one larger, tell us Ogden, Utah on the three nights of the tournament. about it!

646 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

NEWEST Gleaner Girls Department

COMMITTEE STYLES Emily H. Higgs, Chairman

Grace C. Neslen Rachel G. Taylor Martha G. Smith

Wedding HTHE end of a school career with its of Great Price. After this is a study

*- attendant festivities is called comof friends worth making and keepingAnnouncements mencement, suggestive of the newer, and knowing—the friendship of the

broader field lying beyond the conLord of Hosts, of parental counsel, and fines of building and laboratory. In of each other, and finally, the field and the M. I. A. we have no definite of experience—making of Sunday a

is but the beginning of the intithes and offerings, and kno'wing the Invitations seasonend or beginning, for the close of one Sabbath, gaining a testimony, paying terlude before the next one, and in joy and consolation of prayer.

May of this year our thoughts dwell The Latterday Saint girl is not lovingly upon the work of the season content with the interpretation of life

Printed just completed and run ahead in anas it is found in movie and novel and

Process Embossed anotherticipationnotto fartheaway.commencement of textbookedge that Shefor heris firedis awithdestinythe knowlbeyond

Or During the summer months, the the stars greater than the simple satGleaners have much to be thinking isfaction which follows decency and

Engraved about, for they are extremely fortunate kindness. There are laws to be learned,

\. in having provided a series of lessons understood and obeyed, and these laws

for the season of 193031, written govern every phase of her living. To

Mail Orders Given Special by Dr. Adam S. Bennion, in his own study them, to analyze and appreciate

inimitable style, and abounding in the them is her privilege, and the Gleaner

Attention ideas which will help to solve the group of girls are the friends with problems which confront the girl of whom she can discuss them to their today. mutual satisfaction and blessing*

The course is divided into four secIn the months now upon us, the tions: the introduction, including lesglowing summer months, may the

Ask for Samples and son"Toolstitles ofsuchEffectiveas "YouGleaning,"are Gleaners,"and ofGleanersours rememberof this beautifulwith joyorganizationthe hours

Prices "Fields in which to Glean."Then gone, and look forward with anticipa-

—thefollowsBible,a studythe Bookof fourof Mormon,great booksthe endtion ofto thethe vacationones lyingtime.in wait at the

Doctrine and Covenants and the Pearl

Prompt Service

The M. I. A. Slogan for 1930

The DESERET (Continued from page 644) uity."ship of state, eyes our of the leaders Our of this herHTHE NEWS PRESS all its itage in peril, glory, is in are lifted to a glorious * Church

29 Richards Street unless this people and nation revvision, a vision of what Zion shall erence God and obey his law. Our be in that day when her people obSalt Lake City forefathers have been a Godfearing serve law, the spiritual law, the

* - lawabiding people. They built political law, and the laws of

BE INDEPENDENT sacrificeand heldandtheirobedienceheritageto law,throughand health.Zion shallForgo inforththatthedaylaw.""outHowof

No Other Vocation So Profitable if we expect to hold and preserve necessary it is, then, that we obey

ENROLL NOW ours we must do the same. We the law.

For a Complete Course at the have a most wonderful heritage, And now with the radiant light the like of which no other people of the past one hundred years to

Quish School of Beauty Gultur has ever had. illuminate and inspire us on our

The Best in the West Is there not urgent need for the way, shall we not go on in so great 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. Latterday Saints to observe the a cause, or to higher and nobler

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH laws of the land, to value the sancachievements, on with standards

For Further Information tity of our bodies and keep them raised and banners floating? Yes,

and Catalog CalJ pure and strong by observing the "true to the faith and ideals that 7560 Wasatch o* Word of Wisdom? And finally it our parents have cherished, true to Fill in This

Coupon is our duty and our joy to live true the truth for which martyrs have to the light of the Gospel. For perished. Soul, heart and hand"

inasmuch as we do these things, faithful and true "We stand, for our heritage will be enlarged, enthe preservation of our heritage hanced and perpetuated. through obedience to law."

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 647

.. also SLieED and Better than

traditions this, the issue of early customs the July and some of ever!

inestimable people, appears,WHENEra, be of I. both our great would M.

A. Conference will be over. We sinvalue.

cerely trust that the spirit and theme Refreshments at gatherings of this of this occasion has entered into the kind need not be expensive, but they heart of every Mutual girl—the spirit should be appetizing. Lettuce and

to carry on the ideals and achievements egg, or nuts with mayonnaise on letof those who have preceded us in this tuce leaves make delicious sandwiches, work. May the Junior Committee and these with seasonable fruit and

extend sincere appreciation to all our cookies provide a sufficiency for any spirit occasion. buy Long Let the ofloyal to you can those comradealone not workers, Now

well sliced as ready ship be featured the thought conear to give were and enoughwho either form In unsliced. of Royalas

more Royal secondary. Long Affairs in be of the new our refreshmentsoperation and support making nourishingis delicious, more feelings often this kind will develop Festival great suctheJunior-BeeHive before! ever finer than and

of makers the by Made confidencecess all friendship and between it was, given of but to who have ChocRoyal delicious a leader that a effort and her to bjringof their group time and BakRoyal Cakes, whole olatethose Cup ing Co., Salt Lake City and season lessons of formalsuccessful achievement not course may to our

Ogden. bring about.of lessons for so long and the activity What we eat, work

AT YOUR FRESHthe A DAY TWICE GROCER'S Weentirefeelyear.that greater interest and asof vitalit is eoncern,wholesomebut andwhethergood,weis keepnot

enthusiasm were shown in Junior hold of these girls and inspire themContest work than ever before, and with high ideals and help them to deLONG ROYAL the training in selfcontrol and good velop the courage necessary to meet better bread better baked sportsmanship must have brought a the problems of vacation time sucdevelopment that put each participant cessfully is of tremendous import. If

into the winning class, even though we take the trouble to call them by a few may have reached the goal one phone occasionally, write them a step ahead of others. friendly note when they are out of

The strenuous period of our year's town for a week or so, or show in simple manner personal our inis finished, trustwork that any but we terest in them and their comings andthe summer months provide may many occasions for happy and joyous associgoings, the response, though not alation. Just as all good mothers feel ways measurable, will far more thanthe same deep interest in their chiljustify the effort put forth. Delicious

dren's welfare during vacation time / / / Greaminessas in the winter months, so all Junior leaders should keep some point of conJunior Roses tact in the time. summer They need HE decorations for the Saturday feelnot a of responsibility, burden

session morning of June Conferitbut quite should be simple for them ence, in held the at Tabernacle Saltto girls in develop the desire a to meet

City, Lake were beautiful in the exaonce or so in month social some treme. night Over the building hadgathering. early picnic, morning An in very truth blossomed as rose, thetennis match, party, swimming or and every possible space colorwasbreakfast in some or park spot wooded fully and harmoniously bedecked. hillsin the nearby provide would an Roses were pink,hour or so of delight. pure One everywhere—pale deep pink, rich rose and has color—and never thrilledwho been the by the the of flowers carried warmth intomusic birds of early an on morning every a heart message beauty, of not

life's joy. missed ofhas much To alone because their of appearance, but

it love to ones with addshear you also spirit the lingered which about its loveliness. them.

for Sego Milk is famous or spent afternoon sewing with An roses, were not ordinary They fine texture sent uniformly andits other work, while one of the hand rich, flavor. It uninterested from creamy beautihands and

nothwith milk, but the watergroup gives an interesting review of ful only in hue and arrangement; they rich,ing takenwholeout is

afford anotherthe Junior book, might flowers, but were glorified added the made by preparain care extremecontent—nothing diversion.profitable visit to of girls some hands flowers of A whose love it for name. by tion! Ask

spot of historic interest, to see a colhas been developing through the years, lection of relics, accompanied by a and who recognize in them the handiAT YOUR relate willperson and the Creator. who knows of work

early experiences in and tell of days the Junior Girls of the Church, GROCER'S To which our "Mormon"towns were and to their loyal leaders, the General surrounded by mud walls as a proBoard extends a sincere expression of tection against the Indians, and include love and gratitude.

i.

648 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

Bee Hive Girls Department COMMITTEE Catherine Folsom, Chairman F. Clawson Glenn J. Beeley Vida R. Cannon a free Elsie Hogan Sarah

Encyclopedia of information about "MRS.* * Keeper,EVELYNEmigrationN. Ward,WOOD,LibertyBee- whichthe pasttheyyear.have accomplishedThe contest duringwork

farm construction in Stake, Salt Lake City, gives a few of has gone over splendidly, we feel, the interesting things accomplished by and many girls have been given an concrete is yours for her swarm during the past year. opportunity of taking part in the

various events. We have been more

the asking. Practical "BeeHive work is lovely. How than delighted in visiting many of the

thrill is all it! a we've enjoyed There prestories retold stakes hearing and

.... drawings. pictures in ourselves accomplishing finding and girls, the beautifully and so by ever sented things never could thought we we lovely stakes of hearing in many... some tables charts. Ask fall class in do. the began with Our

scrap beautiful the seeing choruses; of a two have members and swarm we now

for copy of F-10, free! of 1 8 lovely girls. For Christmas presbooks and hand work that have been

of the holding believe displayed. 1 8 pillows for our mothers, made we We -It H—ll—II—ents

sent a basket and to one gatherings family. fine has far poor Swarm Day

in held previously excelled anything Portland Cement Wepresentingassistedoneourof Mutualthe three Presidencyoneact playsby have the bees this capacity. Truly

given presented our ward. by We gathering all long day a been working Association operetta, depicting BeeHive the meaning they sure are golden honey, and we plan and of Bldg., BeeHive work. were McCornick We

in doing. so received joy have much entire given the the evening and had City Salt Lake

all are to planning hope you largest We in of people ever crowd attendance at a Sacrament meeting, according to our carry on summer activities. Read

bishop. We are giving the operetta again the suggestions given in our BeeHive

for our Swarm Day. We served our messages for June.

I swarm and Mutual Presidency to a six

I course dinner. The girls set the table CONCRETE and served the dinner themselves. We FOR PERMANENCE have had several other interesting parties

have and organized the that girls so each Emery Stake Reports IJ will have a chance to play the part of a gracious hostess. have divided We stake direction of their the ourselves into UNDER groups get to paour BeeHive officers the Junior and triarchal blessings and quite of a number

of the girls now have them. girls of Emery Stake entertained their

At the dose of Mutual we presented mothers at a stake banquet at Castle each of our presidency with an organdyDale. Each ward contributed a numpetaled pillow, similar to the ones we ber to the program. BeeHive girls

made for our mothers. retold story was contested. Twoall are organized for We our summer feel present and were we hundred with work plans for many loads of fun for successful event a very this was ahead. all girls the hope of the We Church

their girls expressed and mothers have enjoyed their as both BeeHive work much as we have."appreciation and pleasure.

You Cannot Afford Mrs. Reba Hendricks, Mt. Ogden

to be Without a Stake BeeKeeper writes as follows: From the Missions

have been "We having some most "Caterpillar"Tracinteresting demonstrations feel quite and the of glad hear are to always encouraged with the being work accomtor 1930! WE During misthe in being progress made plished in stake. our Last week wife Sister Tadje, Eliza all sions. W. of 'Bees'the the of stake met our and profit your lowering Make by SwissGer- the of President of Tadje Scout Executive gave interestus a most costs operating proand increasing

duction. ing demonstration on First Aid and man Mission, expresses her delight

bandaging. rally of Beebeautiful the symbolism Then we concluded with our

"Caterpillar"is the Tractor The with a demonstration of Ithe contest are states the girls that Hive and work sure this. only way of doing dance. in says interested. She very much

a our have in the swarms Two of stake size for you at a We are part:

their decorating price class pay. can you rooms, painting and

stenciling their bees, symbols, beehive, is a for me. year one "This happy

etc., it and will hope we interest awaken Tractor Landes regirls fifty will & be and hundred One throughout the stake in nice, having the at their ceiving diplomas BeeHive Equipment Company class appropriate rooms. are en- "We I district conferences, spring and am Dealers joying our BeeHive work, which we to real pleasure looking with forward

is feel CITY, SALT the LAKE interesting most UTAH part of M. I shall exercises the privileged to be

I A."is I attend. to There and do much am Logan, Nephi, Tremonton, * * *

I busy, in always but very happy am Preston, and Idaho BranchesUtah—Malad BeeHive The wishes Committee to the work."

express to all of the stake and ward

BeeKeepers and the girls themselves, Sister Eudora Widtsoe, daughter of appreciation for the splendid work President John Widtsoe, writes a

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 649

very interesting article on BeeHive work in the April 6th number of the

Millennial Star. We quote in part

as follows: Just "RUN DOWN""A BeeHive Girl! What a wonderful privilege for the modern girl. A

BeeHive girl takes her name after the little very eneris a bee busy bee. The 's all she that insect. shegetic works, When

works very hard. She is happy and

cheerful Medical does her share to make and depressed. irritable and are Many people

place. a brighterthe world mental condition and a physical reveals often examination

that to announce "I have the pleasure of resulting from constipation and digestive disturbances. have upwards Missionsthese European

enactively girls thousand who aretwo

This work. wonderful Three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily, by relieving in thisgaged

certainly shows that the young womanconstipation, quickly remedy this condition and give new in here Europe the Church ofhood have vigor and energy.

this helpful of work grasp firmtaken which is so joyous and soulsatisfying.

"BeeHive girls who are now 'BeeHive Mothers'tell us one and all that because of their BeeHive work they have been able to respond to their duty that they their so welland work do FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST are better that they doubt beyondknow women and better mothers to healthier At most grocers, soda fountains and restaurants.

children than they would have been otherwise. Is not that a goal worth striving

for? It is a privilege, this opportunity

to become better women, to understand our fellowmen better, to do our part this a sweeterto happier world and make live,place in to one which which CONSOLIDATED WAGON 8 and none of us should miss."MACHINE COMPANY

Sister Widtsoe states that one swarm UTAH AND IDAHO of BeeHive girls engaged a dancing teacher for one night a week and that Leading Implement and Hardware Dealers graceful quitethey have danbecome 40 Branch Houses and 35 Agencies located to best serve the tradecers. Also have that some swarms

dramaticorganized operatic and soWE STOCK NONE BUT THE HIGHEST GRADE a greatcieties and others have done deal of Redcross work. MERCHANDISE

Guarantee the best of service at prices as low as quality of merchandise and service will permit "That's the Berries!"

(Continued from page 642)to David, "Boy, you've got some TEMPLE BRAND nerve to take a chance on that one after this day's demonstration. If

everyou workmanship quality and make her mad—blooey GARMENTSOf superior the digestion!"goes

for the manufactured SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE T,HEIR laughter, exAnd sold atfrompricesus rememberdefying competition.We Pay PostageWhen ordering

cited planning, the gay youth of FOR LADIES FOR MEN

No. No. darkskinned met the littlethem $.95 $1.25 703 Flat Weave 610 Ribbed Light Wt

huckster as he came down the 719792 RibbedFine QualityLight WeightCotton 1.501.25 609602 FineExtraLightFine WeightQuality 1.5095

stairs. He paused to listen, smil751 Fine Silk Lisle 1.95 614 Med. Wt. Ex. Quality 1.75

ing, eyes glowing. He had not 711710 SilkExtra StripeQualityMed.Silk WtStripe 1.501.95 663605 Med.Med. HeavyHeavy UnbleachedCotton Cotton.. 1.501.95

1.95 Med. Wt. Quality 1.75 Extra Cotton 664 Med. Heavy Wt. such sinceheard merrymaking he 718714 2.75 1.75 Rayon 620 Rayon NonRun

left his carefree 715 2.25 Quality Super had 2.75 Rayon Extra Unbleached 680 Italy. He Heavy

begun to think laughter had no 720 NonRun Rayon 1.95 660 Med. Wt. Silk and Wool 2.50

place in this new busy world. It 20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46

also or Style to specify not fail or state if long Do and Old New Woman, Man his heart. hiswarmed swung He

or sleeve, short short are legs accurate wanted.if for or long Give Bust Measurement.

crate jauntily to the other shoulRequest. Weight. Height Sent Samples and Upon

der and lifted his head high.

"s Americano say,"he chuckSALT LAKE KNITTING STORE led, "dats de berries! Make a de 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

laugh."650 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

Every article which leaves our shop is not only cleaned and refreshed but also anteed objectionguar- Vanguard Handicraft Projects free from able odor of all cleaning maBy A. A. ANDERSON

terials. Scout Executive Timpanogos Council, B. S. A.

in sketches arrow- a and b. The Mail orders handled carefully Horsehair Handicraft

large stick is spike placed shaped on a a hole in the is passed through which like horsehair art of working stick barb. near the arrow and promptly "J"*HE-* leather plaiting thong was known

Salt and practiced by the early pioneers

Lake's and cowmen of the west. In the

Master spring of the year when the horses were brought in from the winter range,

Cleaners they were usually unfit for use until and their manes and tails were trimmed out, tail the and and assumed mane handle as a serves spike and The right. proportions considered This

as is rotated stick the axis for which hair into was bundled gunnysacks re- c. operate in sketch and shown To until saved winter evenings long when

1 2 persons quires No. (No. and two afforded for opportunity making new

, 1 in twisting sketch the c) and doing ropes, hackaequipment—cinches, the as lengthens rope backing away

reins, bridle mores, quirts, hatbands strands the 2, holds from No. who belts. and

feeding of hair into does the and as needed. There are four general types of the strand

horsehair construction:

(1) Twisted strand hairwork—in

which the hair strands are made into rope. (2) Plaited strand work—in which

four, eight, twelve and sixteen plaited strands are laid side by side and sewn a together through the edges to form strand twisted the of length The flat strap. the of length the four times be should

is Halfhitch (3) is single strand work—which rope. finished The

built around a core or body of the doubled, as shown in sketch d, and work for ornamental decoration and the strands coil together into a double to cover joints and fastenings, by makstrand rope, which is doubled again a strand of hitches half with ing hair as shown in sketch e. Terminal turksis around a twine that wound around

a core as the work progresses.

(4) Woven hairwork—which is

produced by carrying strands of horse hair as warp, and weaving with a head knot may be tied in the right two strand weft. hand end. The left hand end does

not require a terminal knot since the

Twisted Hair Work strands double back upon themselvesNO/WXPlOWt

A simple twisting apparatus may be and are held tightly in place by their

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA* made from a piece of wood as shown tendency to twist together.

Plaited Strand Hair Work STANDARD OIL.;-,...J5***W"- Horsehair strands to be plaited

products'- should be prepared from hair of uniform length. Place eight to ten horse-

..., "..: hairs together side by side and tie

w& with an overhand knot at the one end.

Opringtime iii0$i With a slight twist, about three turns freshness Y. willtie anmakeoverhandthe hairsknotintoin thea strand,other thenend.

AIX THE YEAlJ Tiewith eighta twineof theseat onestrandsend. togetherDivide

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 651

In using plaited strands of equal number the first strand is folded back along itself as in ( 1 ). The nextfour strands on each side, place over a strand is laid along the side of the Rainbow

nail and proceed as illustrated in first strand and passes around the end sketches a to h. and back on the other side. These are stitched together in Mattress

this position with a needle thread. Other and strong

to SpringFilled strands be added may desired width. increase to

desired an asDobby Ticking of width Cross the two left hand strands over In case the the two right hand ones as in sketch sembled strap requires an odd numVentilators b. The highest strand on the left ber of plaited strands, the arrangement

is brought around behind the strand shown in sketch 2 is used. The

beneath the two right hand strands, paralleled plaited strands which make Puts you to sleep and keeps in as indicated are sketch in place overand held two up the strap by you there—till morning in place sketch c. in stitching Change as in sketch togetherb, and shown

hands and repeat the operation from 5, with strong thread. This thread

right all to strands left, as shown in sketches through is sewed with Sold by most Furniture e. are stitchesd and length the of which

The principle involved in eight equal to the width of a single plaited Stores strandplaiting is the bringing of the strand from which the strap is made.

highest strand around behind the plait, The end of the strap shown in sketch rigid two. Change strandbeneath and over each two 5 is made by seizing

the repeat, thread, using highest separately turns PIONEER about withhands and two strand in the opposite side of the plait. each, and then seizing all strands MATTRESS

Many and varied are the designs with a few turns of thread just backproduced by using black and white of the seizing threads on the individual FACTORY cover with half Then in strands. colors other contrastinghorsehair or hitch 545 3rd North St. 6, sketches 8. work as in 7, and Horsehair strand. may bethe plait

dyed to give a variety of colors. The Was. 6423

color and arrangement of the hair Sliding Knot and Tassel ConstrucSalt Lake City, Utahstrands determine the pattern in the tion—Adjustable fastenings for horseplaited strand. These strands may hair hatbands, lanyards and other arthen be used to parallel other strands ticles, are similar in construction to

in such position that the combined those used on leather. Single or double

plaited strands terminated be may the design element results inpattern in WINNING NEW a tassel. ends the plaited The of Pattern k is work. the finishedofthe result of following strand arrangestrands are seized with thread as shown Users Every Day

ment /'. Arrangement / produces patin sketches B and C.

tern m and n pattern o.

Short lengths of hair (5 or 6 inches) are placed around the ends of the strands as in D. The seizing

hair tassel is carried the around 1, 2, 3, thread Strap Assembly—Sketches the tassel as in E. of ends The upper4, 5, 6, illustrate method commonly

used in the assembly of a strap from hair is folded back over the seizing plaited strands. Sketches 1 and 2 thread as in F, and these are seized

show the method of making the round in place as in G.

end for a belt. The needle is now threaded with

CONOCO

GERM PROCESSED MOTORPARAFFIN BASEOIL 652 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

small dimensions, and for best appearance the length should be equal to the diameter of the covered tassel.

These bands of horse hair are used The tassel covering shown in sketch a strand of horsehair and the end is in forming the covering which con- s is built up of several rows of half secured as shown in sketches H and J, ceals the ends of the tassel. Two hitches, woven as shown in sketch R.

styles of tassel end coverings are shown in sketches P and S.

Two turns of horsehair are half Woven Horsehair Work—Woven

hitched on each side of the seizing The former is made as indicated in strands of horsehair are made up as thread as in sketches K, L, and M. N and O, and is adapted to tassels of shown in sketch V.

When You Write

The tenwarp strands are divided are strands equally, weft two and the strands To Your Bank passed the through from warp opposite directions, the warp is then reversed and the operation is repeated.

The weaving is ended as shown in YOU KNOW WHAT sketch F, and the half hitch covering is applied to conceal the ends of the warp strands. YOU WANT

When you send your business to the OGDEN

STATE BANK, we undertake to supply the service constructionsHorsehair ofandallfurthercolors, detailspatterns,on which you desire and, if it hairGriswold,work can623be ParkprocuredTerrace,from LesterColobe possible, /to do a little rado Springs, Colo.

more for you than you expected, and in a little betTo Vanguard Leaders ter way.

MR.youVANGUARDrealize that yourLEADER,"Boy Chaldo

We are confident that you lenge"is to attract the 15 and 16 year old boy, now on the street, into will derive genuine benefit your troop and to so fire his curiosity from a relationship here. andthe streetinterestwill thatfade outthe inattractioncomparisonof

to what you introduce for his leisure time occupation, even during the interim between troop meetings?

Your most effective aid jn this direction is simple handcrafts. There

is something about a rope, string or tool that has a forceful appeal to the OGDEN STATE BANK boy of this age.

41 Years Under One Continuous Management Do not pass up this opportunity because you may not be personally adaptable or interested, because it will

The Improvement Era for July, 1930 653

attract 100 per cent of these boys and hold them. If you cannot do this

yourself, call in the boy, or, better still, the Old Timer who knows hisstuff and carefully coach him to keep YOU CAN ASSISTpretty well within these suggestions as In the DEVELOPMENT of YOUR COMMUNITY to the amount fed the troop at each by Patronizing your LOCAL DEALER meeting, remembering always that interest is killed by overfeeding inforREMEMBER—

mation. keep hungry them Always Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a thisfor more. work Yes, if you right Necessity.

you can empty the streets of 15 and 1 6 year olds. You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and

Receive his of GUARANTEE SATISFACTION. i-f happen Imagine would what Contributes He Largely to the Support of Local Churches. troop, before appearedyou your Schools, Colleges, Charitable Institutions. Public and stick knife aequipped with sharp and

a cutting guage,of wood, for and MONEY—thongs to cut longdemonstrated how

from the round discs cut from a pair Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER of old shoes. Tell them of the many RETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

useful and ornamental creations which may be made from such material, then follow that by asking each one toremove the laces from his shoes, double ThealfLafce them, and then proceed to teach fourplait round. Climax this with the Salt Lake City, Utah /HardwareGb.Pocatello, Idaho

promise of the terminal turkshead and Grand Junction, Colorado Wholesale Exclusively Boise, Idaho sliding knot for next meeting. Sit i)(]()(inu<)o() <N0 '(!-&()()<

back and watch the fine interest work. ft04M<t>-4nM)m-04 o-'umw-n-c

The Improvement Era for this year (January, and July, March 1930) has Save articles severalprinted subject on this especially forprepared and Vanguards leaders. ilYour explains This issue and

lustrates horsehair work, a fascinatingcraft for boys. Don't fail to take Money

note of this article and put it to use waste $60.00 on Whyin the your work with young fellows

Joseph whenwhose hands need occupation and Certificate furTaylor can Wm.

whose hearts and sympathies respond nish a complete funeral to any interest you take in helping for a little more than them to find that occupation. a Certificate costs.

Services, quality and prices not equaled by JOSEPH WM. TAYLOR;hed ExpertIjeadinsKmbalmrrMortician ''

t).i.l)4B()<ll}1Phone both officeoeoi)t)and residence Was. 7600 Vanguard Song 125 North Main Street

(Theme—"The Stars and Stripes)

To My Sons, Conrad, Jay, Jack and Dan SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES

OFFER We're the Vanguard ranks of Zion,M. I. A. and home rely on SPECIAL SUMMER

Our progression as we try on Service to impart Youth adventuring, staunch endeavoring, VACATION FARES

Pledging hand and heart. From Salt Lake Gity or O&den

North to south, east to west, the world TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS needs men VIA SAN FRANCISCO $40.00

And is calling on land and ocean,Here are we, glad and free and proud TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO REto be TURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $47.50

At our country's call for service and Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA devotion. STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

15 thThe Faith of our Fathers shall lead, TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING MAY

Their precepts we prize and obey, FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCTOBER 31st

Their glory of valor and deed For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

Is the standard of M. I. A. D. R. OWEN, GENERAL AGENT

For us they have blazoned the trail, 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

and PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

654 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

For us they have builded up the wastePalmyra Stake Scouts cut up into stove lengths and deland, livered to 22 widows of the ward.

to officials It accompanbetter themselves the and help gave who plain or valley and mountain,Or thrill to hear other genuine a the ied the a numpeople happy, boys fathers'TOmake where will follow weO steps are leading, ber of boys are putting in practice some the words of appreciation expressed of the many good things they are by the widows to the boys.

their at by will accomplished as Scouts be taught and Deacons good Much(Racket service, this of kind the meetings. rendering of weekly

to be aGreat buddy—buddy—buddy, sincere as prayer in doers well believe and being a humble and many They

this in good of behalf in to old U. S. A. as ascend hearers heaven will of the which word, was member—memberGreat member—into be a this good old M. demonstratedfor many years,this byyeartheas boysit hasof beenthe arethesecooperatingtwo organizationsfor the bettermentof boys whoof

LA.) Second Ward in rendering their yearly boys in preparing them for future

good turn. and greater service.

And we will sentinel the future with This year, 25 boys, accompanied by To receive good from training in its glories all before us, Mark J. Brockbank, John F. Warner, character development, we should use

While a thousand wards reecho as we Jr., Walter H. Moore and H. Eugene the agencies we have for the purposes

sing the Vanguard chorus, Hughes, furnished three loads of wood for which they were instituted.

With our arrowhead turned skyward,

Peace our emblem and our byword,

We will pledge the cause that stands for youth, That builds for truth, that lives for right forever, as

On and upward and over and go,

With colors in joyful array, The Vanguards of Zion enlisting,

Are the sentries of M. I. A.

From hillside and valley they teem,

From mountain and desert they are thronging, The nations'defenders and pride

All hail the Vanguards of the M. I.

A. of Zion.

Fathers*—Bertha A. Kleinman.

ii ii - - dh and Sons'i>i ria litBanquet i<h i>i rth

Just What You've Wanted in Your Home AN ELECTRIC RANGE—ELECTRIC REFRIGERATOR

ELECTRIC WATER HEATER Here are three important links in your chain of happiness—Three wonderful

Electrical Servants who are always ready to perform your household tasks in a manner which is far more satisfactory than oldfashioned methods—and

cost no more.

Liberal terms on the purchase of a Hotpoint or Westinghouse

Electric Range, a General Electric Refrigerator and an Electric

Water Heater—or any one of these appliances. Our Combination onemeter rate for all Electric Service in your home

is a real value that will interest you.

Call at our office or telephone for a representative to call and give you full particulars covering this unequalled service.

UTAH POWER 8 LIGHT CO Efficient Public Service The Improvement Era for July, 1930 655 m <<—at INSURE Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause. ML.

INSURE Boy Scout Birthday Cake Your animals while in transit to market.

Let us quote you rates. Scouts Active in Woodruff

Stake HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Troop 162 (formerly 2)TROOP its held Wyo., has of Evanston,

annual Fathers and Sons'banquet, this being the tenth annual celebration of the organization of the troop in 1920.

This event is a project of the troop and is growing each year and giving more stimulus to the boys in the

Scout work, and bringing about a finecontact between father and son, and a Summer Days Are pledge from both to help with the

Scout program for another year.

This being the tenth anniversary, Ideal Paintingthe troop invited the mothers also to attend, and it was one of the most inspirational meetings of fathers,mothers and sons imaginable, and was Days the bestvoted and most successful the duringof held banquets the past Clear conditions,warm weathermake summertime* * surfacesthe idealcompletelyseason fordriedprotecting* *andpleasantbeautifyingworking ten years. There were one hundred your home

and twentyfive parents and Scouts present, with special guests, making a total of one hundred forty. Song

folders were provided for every guest and the singing was an inspiration, for everyone present took part in it. The evening commenced with the Bennett's

regular line formation of the Scouts, followed by the invocation, and then the flag ceremony and pledge of allegiance to the flag by Scouts and guests. Contest games were played

fathersbetween and sons and mothers preInsurance, enthusiasmand sons, and great vailed. After the contests all repaired

to the banquet room and a delightful program was carried out as the meal progressed. A large birthday cake had

been prepared and beautifully decorated, served which 140 people and PURE PAINTS over for fortyleft enough more. A

wonderful cake! All lights were turned Enamels and Varnishes

out while the candles were lighted and the group sang America, followed Offer a practically unlimited choice of colors and materials for all decorative purposes.

by one minute of silence with heads bowed in memory of the Scouts who The longer you defer the painting of a surface that needs had been called to the great beyond. painting, the costlier it is for both materials and labor.

After grace was said, the following * * * It is false economy to avoid using Bennett's numbers were presented: "Smile Paint Products when they're needed.

Song;"address of welcome; ceremony

of cutting birthday cake; a toast by

song,the Bishop; Scouts,""Evanston

the boys;by Scout Laws, by three Bennett Glass & Paint Company

Scouts; reading, "A Father's Ten 6165 West First South, Salt Lake City

Commandments;"Song "Dads;"toast Dealers throughout Utah, Southern Idaho and in Neighboring States

by a Scout Father; song, "That Wonderful Mother of Mine;"toast by a

Scout Mother; reading, "My Mother."

656 The Improvement Era for July, 1930

See Us For SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS Lenses Duplicated—Prompt Service

Makers of the Birthday Cake

Awards and recognitions were given Young Men's Mutual Improvement various officials for faithful and regAssociation of the Church of Jesus ular attention to Scouting, and a spirit Christ of Latterday Saints, and is

Kewanee Steel Firebox:>f joyous gratitude prevailed. being served and supported most ably

Troop 162 is fostered by the and well by that institution.

Boilers

are Universally Adopted for

S. Chapels andL. D. all Othei President Young's Attitude Toward Boys Representative Buildings

By CHARLES R. HOWE

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM stances both sides would accept his 1 YOUNG used to make his verdict without question. He

1 1AWLEYRICHARDSON- trips north and south each year would even give counsel in private

WILLIAMS CO. visitingage and counselthe settlementsthe people.to encourIf any viewsmatters,occurredand theseafter personalevery religiousinterDistrict Representatives differences had occurred among meeting. In most cases the people

them they presented their grievof the settlements would club to204 Dooly Bldg. ances, and he would always take gether and give him and his comtime to listen. He would sit in pany a banquet. The tables would

Salt Lake City judgment and render his decisions. be loaded with the good things of

It is said that in almost all inthe year.

On one of these trips President

Heber C. Kimball took one of his

boys, a lad ten years of age. At

a Index to Advertisers Fillmore the people had prepared banquet. All were seated around

Company Page Company Page the table, prepared to commence

Beneficial Life Insurance Co Ogden State Bank 652 the repast, when President Young

Mattress Pioneer Outside Back Cover noticed that Heber's was abboy

Association Becker Portland Products Cement 645—651648 held ceremonies up the He Culture 646 sent. of Beauty Bennett Quish School 655 Co Glass & Paint

Blackstone Institute 640 Regal Cleaning & Dyeing Co. 650 until a messenger was sent to bring

Continental Oil Co 651 Royal Baking Co. 647 the boy in. He was placed at the

Consolidated Wagon & Machine Salt Lake Hardware Co. 65 3 head of the table along side of

Store Knitting Salt Lake Co. 649 649 President Young, and was served Products Sego Co. 647 Milk Columbia Optical Co. 656

Deseret Book Store 643 Southern Pacific R. R. 653 by that great man. before any one

Deseret News Press 646 Salt Lake Pressed Brick Co. 596 else received attention.

Fleischmann Yeast Co. 649 Standard Oil Company 650

First Securities Corp. 594 Taylor. Jos. Wm. 653 It was such little acts of kindGrant, Heber J. & Co. 655 Utah Gas & Coke Co. ness that won the love of the peoIron Fireman 644 Utah Oil Refining InsideCo. Front Cover593 ple for Brigham Young. He was

Ketterer & Perschon 645 Utah High School of Beauty Culthoughtful and generous with his

Knight Fuel Co. 642 ture 644 time and means, and these qualKewanee Boiler Co. 65 6 Utah Light and Power Co 654 ities made him the great man he

Landes 8 Co. 648 Z. C. M. I. Inside Back Cover proved himself to be. Other little

acts of his (and they were really his biggest acts) might be related.

A Citadel of Good Service An anniversary is but a milestone—it may mark a year or a century. We have milestones behind us... each represents uninterrupted service to our customers and to

the community. The loyalty of our customers helped us to build our citadel of Good

Service. Our interests have been mutual... and no man nor institution may build on

a more solid foundation than that.

Z. C. M. I. Organized 1868 Wm. L. Walker, General Manager

Value Plus! That's What You Get In

Mountaineer Overalls and Work Suits

EQUIPPED WITH Stop*Loss Pockets

Ask your dealer to let you examine these remarkable garments. Note the

quality of the material, the triplestitched seams, the wide, roomy cut of seat and legs. Look for the bartacking that guards every point of

strain.

Now test the StopLoss Pockets! Prove to yourout—thatself that nothingyour watch,can fall

tools, coins, etc., are safe

from accidental loss.

Then you'll have a fair idea of the superiority of Mountaineer Overalls and Work Suits—which give you

longer wear, greater comfort and more satisfaction than any you've ever worn.

Z. C. M. I. was given an award of "Merit,"the

highest award given at the International Association of Garment Manufacturers'Exposition held in

Chicago, May 20, 1930, on Z. C. M. I. Overalls

and Work Clothes, the entire Mountaineer Line.

Made in Salt Lake City by Z. G M, L Clothing Factory

<*p-"*-*A -*-—-ti rfti—- -*- -T- "*- - Tm—-*- T- -"- -————-*- -i tin rttn 1*11 l<i 1*1 n.lir

*Aa<i.v Are You Prepared?

This little family is stunned to find that "Daddy"failed to realize the probability of passing on and did not provide insurance protection for his loved ones.

HOW ABOUT YOU? ARE YOU PREPARED'

It costs so little you just can't afford to fail them.

{9he BIG HOME COMPANY

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr. "*V|gttf|i

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY.

y TyTy