President IleberJ.<irant in Japan in 1901

Speeial feature: The Church in Asia, see page 14

Summer School at BYU is an exciting blend of educational opportunity, excellent weather and j stunning scenery, with a wealth of recreational activities. Programs are offered on both graduate

and undergraduate levels. The faculty is often

augmented by distinguished guest instructors.

Summer workshops, seminars and conferences find specialists from all over the country in attendance.

SCHEDULE OF EVENTS

May 30—Admission Application Due

June 9-12—Education Week

June 15—Registration

July 17—First Term Ends

July 18—Second Term Registration

July 24—Pioneer Day State Holiday I

August 21—Second Term Ends

August 21—Summer Convocation

ofA summer opportunity at BYU!'

Write to Summer School Director for free catalog. %-S

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Provo, Utah 84601 On the Cover:

On February 14, 1901, the First Presidency announced that a new mission was to be created in Japan and that

Elder Heber J. Grant of the Council of

the Twelve had been appointed as the

The Voice of the Church March 1970 Volume 73, Number 3 mission president. Some six months

later, 45year-old Heber J. Grant

stepped into the almost mysterious

Special Features world of the Orient. It was an experience that he was never to forget. Before

2 Editor's Page: To Know for Ourselves, President Joseph Fielding Smith he left for Japan, a farewell gathering in

4 President Joseph Fielding Smith, Albert L Zobell, Jr. his honor was held in Salt Lake City,

9 President Harold B. Lee at which President Joseph F. Smith

11 President N. Eldon Tanner spoke: "... we are pleased to think

13 President Spencer W. Kimball that to you has been entrusted the great

labor of opening the door... to one of

14 The Future of the Church in Asia, Elder Ezra Taft Benson the foremost nations of the earth today.

15 The Mission Presidents in Asia Report They are the children of God, and have 23 The History of the Church in Japan, Eleanor Knowles souls to save; they are bright and in27 The Influence of Latterday Saint Servicemen in Asia, W. Brent Hardy genious... [Heber J. Grant's] name

29 A Photographic Review of the Church in Asia will go down to all time in honor and blessing, and hundreds, yea thousands 32 The Beginnings in Thailand, Craig G. Christensen and perhaps millions, will receive the

35 The Early Missions to Burma and Siam, Dr. R. Lanier Britsch gospel as a result of his labors in the

84 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 10, The Sacrifice of beginning...."

Isaac, Dr. Hugh Nibley Since those early days almost seven

decades ago, the door to Asia has not

Regular Features always been open nor friendly, but in 60 Genealogy: Genealogical Research in Asia, John W. Orton the words of those charged with the

65 Buffs and Rebuffs responsibility at present, "in the time66 Today's Family: Gardens Are Such Friendly People, Florence Bittner table of the Lord it is the time for Asia."

This month our cover features a paint70 Research & Review: A Study of the Text of the Inspired Revision of ing by Dale Kilbourn of President Grant

the Bible, Dr. Truman G. Madsen in Japan in 1901.

72 LDS Scene Also on the cover are several photo78 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About graphs of contemporary Japanese LatGoals, Bishop John H. Vandenberg terday Saints participating in Church

80 These Times: Who Should Be Educated for What? Dr. G. Homer activities. The photographs are courtesy

Durham of the Church Information Service. Arti95 End of an Era cles on the Church in Asia begin on

38, 63, 65, 76 page 14.

The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

4659 EraOl Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

75, 90 Poetry

Editor; L. Doyle Fielding Editors; Todd, Assistant Evans, Managing Eleanor Smith, Joseph Managing

T, Jr.,Jay L, Editor;Green, Manuscript M.Research RichardMabel Sykes,Editor; Knowles, Jones Copy Gabbott,Nibley, Albert Arrington, Landau, Associate; ContributingEditorial G. Durham, Hugh HomerEditor;

Director; ElliottEditor; Elaine TrumanEraAlbert Art Associate Editor;LeonardReynolds,William Ralph Editor; Editors; of YouthG. L. Madsen,Zobell, Youth L. Cannon,Payne, Era of Marion D. Hanks, Norman

Artist. Price, Staff

Jay W.

Circulation Snarr, Eldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen

Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

for Enteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

year, year, $8.25; 3 years, $3.00 price;a 2 Thirtyyears, special singleadvance; days'$5.75; to eachchangesucceeding $2.50When

of the Subscriptionaddedordering a recentissues.issue unless please thechange,pricethreeyear 35cinyour copymultipleexceptlabel fromsubscriptions, addressrequired magazine;notice changesfor cannotof beaddress.made

well one, isaddressincluded. theinclude as as address,a the old new

welcomes Era Improvement The for delivery panied postage by sufficient contributionsand return.but is notPaymentresponsibleis madeforuponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accomAdvertising: The orErahisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not imply Church endorsement of the advertiser

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Elder Heber J. Grant of the Council of the

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Twelve,was opened,at thein 1901.time the Japanese Mission

The Editors F&ge

ToKnow for Ourselves By President Joseph Fielding Smith

The Improvement Era has been a part of my life I remember with fondness the early days of my for a long time, and this is especially so because of the association with the magazine, for which I wrote influence of my father. In 1897, my father, Joseph F. articles about Church history. For volume eight ( 1904Smith, who was then second counselor in the First 1905) I wrote articles called "Events of the Month,"

Presidency to President Wilford Woodruff, joined which was the "Church Moves On"of that day. But

with Elder Heber J. Grant of the Council of the Twelve the column was more than it is today. In those days

in the formation of The Improvement Era (both men there was no late evening news on radio or television.

had the added responsibility of being assistant general We knew that the Era was the only contact that many superintendents in the Young Men's Mutual Improveof our subscribers had with the world. Therefore, each

ment Association). Father and President Brigham H. "Events of the Month"had three sections—local,

Roberts of the First Council of the Seventy, another domestic, and foreign. The first section had, in addiassistant YMMIA superintendent, were the first editors, tion to news of the growth of the Church, notices of

and Brother Grant was the business manager, with the deaths of some of the Saints. The local section

Thomas Hull as his assistant. These brethren spent also had notices of the opening of schools. The domesmany, many hours, nights as well as days, praying and tic and foreign sections reported on current events on

working together for the success of the Era. the national and international scene and were usually

Joseph F. Smith wrote many things for it, some of nonChurch in nature.

which he signed and some that he did not. His signed As President of the Church, Joseph F. Smith conpieces most often appeared in what was called "The tinued to write for the Era, and his writings were much

Editor's Table,"near the back of the magazine each read and still are quoted. In 1918, at his passing,

month. He was also the magazine's senior editor while President Heber J. Grant became President of the

he was second counselor to President Lorenzo Snow Church and senior editor of the Era. During his adafter the death of President Woodruff. When President ministration his contributions were moved to the front

Snow died, Father, as President of the Twelve, became of the magazine and became known as "The Editor's

President of the Church. At that time it was decided Page."That page was used by President George Albert

that the President of the Church should be the senior Smith and President David O. McKay during their

editor of the Era. administrations.

Now I am happy to be senior editor of the Era and upon him to stand at the head of this glorious dispento use this page to discuss with you, month by month, sation. I am perfectly satisfied in my mind that in his

subjects pertinent to the restored gospel. youth, when he went out to pray, he beheld and stood

Let us begin with the subject of testimony, somein the actual presence of God the Father and his Son thing that all members of the Church should have. Jesus Christ; in my mind there is no doubt—I know

Nourish your testimony and make it grow, every day this to be true. I know that he later received visitations

of your life. You know that there is no reason in the from Moroni, the Aaronic Priesthood under the hands

world why any soul should not know where to find of John the Baptist, the Melchizedek Priesthood under the truth. If he will only humble himself and seek in the hands of Peter, James, and John, and that The

the spirit of humility and faith, going to the Lord just Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was as the Prophet Joseph Smith went to him to find the organized on the sixth day of April 1830, by divine truth, he will find it. There is no doubt about it. If command.

men and women will only hearken to the whisperings I know that the power of the Almighty is guiding of the Spirit of the Lord, and seek as he would have this people, that we are under covenant to keep his them seek for the knowledge and understanding of the commandments, to walk in light and truth. It is my

gospel of Jesus Christ, there is no reason in the world firm conviction that every member of this Church for them not to find it—no reason, that is, except the should be able to bear witness and declare by words

hardness of their hearts and their love of the world. of soberness that these things are true, that the Book of

"Knock, and it shall be opened unto you."(Matt. 7:7.) Mormon is true, that the destiny of this latterday

The first things a person must have in order to work is true, and that, according to the revelations, it qualify as an officer or a teacher in this Church are must and will be fulfilled.

a knowledge of the principles of the gospel and a And every soul upon the face of the earth who has a testimony of the mission of the Redeemer and of the desire to know it has the privilege of knowing for mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. himself, for every soul that will humble himself, and

There is no doubt in my mind that the Lord raised in the depths of humility and faith, with'a contrite the Prophet Joseph Smith up and gave him revelation, spirit, go before the Lord, will receive that knowledge commandment, opened the heavens to him, and called just as surely as he lives. O

Era, March 1970 3 fTcsiUQiti tioscpn ricitiing &1111111

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

"Come, listen to a prophet's voice, had been schooled and prepared in nearly all areas

And hear the word of God, of Church service since his early youth.

And in the way of truth rejoice, Joseph Fielding Smith's ancestors include the early

And sing for joy aloud. American patriots of New England, and in his veins

We've found the way the prophets went courses the blood of one of the martyrs who died as a

Who lived in days of yore; witness to the restoration of the gospel. His greatAnother prophet now is sent grandfather, Joseph Smith, Sr., father of the Prophet

This knowledge to restore."Joseph Smith, was the first Patriarch of the Church.

—Hymns, No. 46 At his death, his son, Hyrum Smith (Joseph Fielding

Smith's grandfather), became Patriarch to the Church.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has He was martyred only moments before his brother a new Prophet and President. Yet, in reality he is an Joseph at Carthage, Illinois, the afternoon of June 27,

old friend: President Joseph Fielding Smith has been 1844.

with the Saints in times of sorrow as well as rejoicing President Smith's father was Joseph F. Smith, sixth

for almost a century. President of the Church (19011918), who as a boy

This observation is intended not only by way of of nine drove an ox team across the plains with his introduction to the new President, but also by way widowed mother to their new home in the Salt Lake of recalling high points of his lifetime of service in Valley. Of him it was written: "He was not only a

the building up of the Church and kingdom of God great father and a mighty preacher of righteousness, on earth, climaxed on January 23, 1970, when the but he typified our loftiest conception of a real man—

Council of the Twelve met prayerfully in the Salt Lake a man whose convictions were backed by loyalty and

Temple and named President Joseph Fielding Smith consecrated devotion to the truth, that was never as the tenth President of the Church. At this historic challenged by friend or foe."1

meeting, after the members of the Twelve had sung Through his mother, Julina Lambson Smith, Presi- "Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah,"each of them, in dent Smith also descended from worthy ancestors. At

turn, bore his testimony. Before the fivehour meeting the feet of his great father and an equally wonderful

was over, President Joseph Fielding Smith had been and spiritual mother, young Joseph Fielding, who was confirmed President of.the Church and set apart by the born July 19, 1876, gained faith in and a love for the

Twelve, with Harold B. Lee as voice. The new PresiLord and his work. His foundation in gospel princident then selected Elder Lee as his first counselor and ples and all that is right and true was laid early, and

Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner as his second counselor, this foundation broadened mightily with the passing and with the Twelve he set them apart. President Lee, of years.

who will also now serve as president of the Twelve, He learned to work on the family farm in Taylorswas voice as Elder Spencer W. Kimball was set apart ville, Salt Lake County. An early memory is of milking

as acting president of that body. the family cow without permission "before I was

And thus was called to head the Church a man who baptized."Milking was a task that had been given to

an older sister, but apparently he did it well enough that he soon found himself given the job.

He learned early to work with animals, with nature, with men, and with God. His own growing testimony

was aided by the faith and works of his father, who had been a fulltime missionary at 15 and an apostle ten years before Joseph Fielding was born, and who had been called as second counselor in the First Presidency when his namesake son was only four years of age.

Another of the family tasks that fell his lot was that of being stable boy for his mother in her capacity as a licensed midwife. At all hours of the night he was

called from his deep boyhood sleep to harness a horse so she could go where she was needed. He would

light a kerosene lantern and go to the barn, and soon the horse would be ready.

Reflecting on those early years, he has mixed memories of Juny, a fine horse that his father had purchased from President George Q. Cannon of the

First Presidency:

"She was so smart she learned how to unlock one kind of corral fastener after another that I contrived, until Father said to me, half humorously, that Juny seemed to be smarter than I was. So Father himself

fastened her in with a strap and buckle. As he did so,

the mare eyed him coolly; and, as soon as our backs

were turned, she set to work with her teeth until she actually undid the buckle and followed us out, somewhat to my delight. I could not refrain from suggesting

to Father that I was not the only one whose head President Joseph Fielding Smith, tenth President of the Church.

compared unfavorably with the mare's."President and Sister Smith at home.

There was the time when "Father chastised me with three or four light touches of a buggy whip for a misdeed I had not committed. Father later atoned for

the misapplied punishment with these sage and humorously spoken words, 'Oh well, we'll let that apply on some things you got by with when you didn't get punished.'

Recently the author was privileged to hear the recorded voices of five former Presidents of the Church.

He was awed, as were others who listened, at the similarity between the voices of Joseph F. Smith and

his son Joseph Fielding Smith, the only father and son who have been Presidents of the Church.

As a young man, Joseph Fielding Smith was active in the organizations of the Church, including service as superintendent of the 16th Ward Sunday School.

When he became of age, he attended the LDS University and worked at one time at ZCMI to help pay his expenses.

He was ordained an elder in 1897 and entered the

British Mission in 1899 as a seventy. Returning home

in June 1901, he obtained employment as a clerk in the Church Historian's Office, beginning there October 4, 1901. He became the librarian January 1,

1904, and at the April 1906 general conference was sustained as an assistant Church Historian, a position he held until March 17, 1921, when he became Church

Historian. (As he now leaves the Church Historian's

quarters to become President of the Church, he has served in that office for almost half the time that the Church has been organized.)

After Elder Smith's return from his mission in 1901, he served nine years as a home missionary in the Salt

Lake Stake. In 1903 he was set apart as a president

of the 24th quorum of seventies, and the following year he was appointed to the Salt Lake Stake high council. Long active in the MIA, he served as a

member of the YMMIA general board from 1903 to 1919.

President Smith's call to be a General Authority came at the April 1910 general conference, when, at the age of 33, he was sustained as a member of the

Council of the Twelve. He was ordained an apostle

April 7, 1910, by his father, who was then President of the Church.

President Smith became acting president of the

Council of the Twelve in August 1951, following the death of President George F. Richards. (President

David O. McKay, who was then serving as second

counselor in the First Presidency, was president of the

Twelve.) When President George Albert Smith died

in April 1951, Joseph Fielding Smith, as the new president of the Council of the Twelve, was voice as the Twelve set apart David O. McKay as ninth President of the Church. Some 14 and a half years later

President Smith was named a counselor to President

McKay in the First Presidency.

Elder Richard L. Evans, who was President Smith's

neighbor for many years, has said of him:

"We see Brother Smith as the father and grandfather and husband of many talents and of much devotion—

Top: President Joseph F. and Julina L. Smith, parents of President as the father who attends the bedside of the sick, who

Latterday Saint Fielding Smith. with servicemen Meeting Above:Joseph

in Below: President Smith 1955. In 1960,in the Orient made an performs early and late, at all hours, many kindly was

honorary brigadier general in the Utah National Guard for a "lifetime of services, who counsels with his own and others on administering to the spiritual needs of mankind."personal problems, school problems, social problems,

spiritual problems.

Jfl wt\''",i Wk "There are also those who know him as a confiding -v%'w$ friend and counselor in his office. There are those

sincerity. as of a storyteller impressive him know who

r 'f there are 'baby even him as the know (And IHMiv some who:::: N?:. pill

sitter,'which he has been for his children and his fV children's children.) There are those who know the

quickness of his humor, the tenderness of his heart, the sympathy of his soul.

"He loves life, and he has shown by his life that

The family of President Smith in the late 1930's. Lewis (insert), then serving a mission, was later killed in World War II.

he loves truth, that he loves the Church, and that he trains, enter the seething waiting rooms of the depots, loves his Father's children. And he is, in turn, not only and whistle a church hymn. Sometimes it was "Do

admired and respected, but also loved for his sterling What Is Right"or "Come, Come Ye Saints."Suddenly

qualities of character, and for himself."2 from the crowd their soughtfor fellow missionary

That neighborly insight continues to hold true. would appear, and they would run and catch the dePresident Smith's home and family have always been parting train.

uppermost in his mind. In 1898 he married Louie E. These missionaries were sent back to the United

Shurtliff. She died in March 1908, leaving him with States by ship, having to take their turns in the "subtwo small daughters. Later that same year he married marine watch."Some who were approaching the end

Ethel G. Reynolds, and they became the parents of of their missions were given honorable releases, and

nine children. But again death took his companion others were reassigned to missions in the United

when she died in August 1937. On April 12, 1938, States. President and Sister Smith returned to Salt

Elder Smith married Jessie Evans, whose beautiful Lake City in November 1939.

contralto voice had earned a place for her in the Salt It is well known that President Smith is the author

Lake Tabernacle Choir and who had sung widely in of many books and pamphlets and is one of the great operas and concerts. spokesmen on Church doctrine. Not so well known

During 1939 Elder Smith filled a special assignment is the fact that he has written words to several hymns.

for the Church in Europe. With Sister Smith, he arOne, "The Best Is Not Too Good for Me,"was written

rived in England the first week in May; after visits in his youth after he had received advice from his

there, they left for the continent to meet with Saints father concerning an employment opportunity. The

and missionaries in Holland, Belgium, France, Switzermusic was written by Tracy Y. Cannon. The music

land, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Germany. for another, "Come, Come, My Brother, Wake! Awake!"

But international affairs were critical that summer, is by Evan Stephens. George D. Pyper wrote the

and World War II broke out in September when music for his "Does the Journey Seem Long?"Another,

Germany invaded Poland. President Smith was in "We Are Watchmen of the Tower of Zion,"has music

Germany at the time, and it was there that he reby Alexander Schreiner.

ceived a cablegram from the First Presidency directing President Smith has long been a supporter of the him to supervise the evacuation of all American growth of the city and its institutions. This story is

missionaries from the European continent. told of him: "During the early months of 1933, in the

With the inspiration of the Lord and with the commidst of the great depression, banks were failing all mon bond of brotherhood among the missionaries, over the U.S. One morning a crowd of good men who

the task was begun. The exact whereabouts of many should have known better formed in the street to make

elders among the frightened, moving masses of people a run on Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Company as were unknown, Many missionaries were given train soon as it opened. Suddenly in the back of the crowd

fare for themselves and several others and were incame a voice of authority: 'Let me through. I want to

structed to locate their fellow missionaries. Throughmake a deposit.'It was Joseph Fielding Smith who was

out the Church these brothers, many of whom are now waving his bank book and a roll of paper money. Some

bishops, mission presidents, and stake presidents, of the crowd had second thoughts about the bank and testify that they received impressions to leave their went on their way."

Era, March 1970 7 In his youth President Smith was active in athletics, ity of his character. Daily we see continuing evidences

and he continues to maintain an interest in the field, of his understanding and thoughtful consideration of lending strong support to the recreational program for his fellow workers in making our assignments and in youth of the Church. He played handball, a strenuous coordinating our efforts to the end that the work of

game that demands alertness of both mind and the Lord might move forward. We only wish that the

muscle, until his seventieth birthday. entire Church could feel the tenderness of his soul

President Smith's unusual life span spreads from the and his great concern over the welfare of the unforcovered wagon to the jet plane. In his early years as tunate and those in distress. He loves all the Saints

:ia member of the Council of the Twelve he and his and never ceases to pray for the sinner...."

assigned companion would sometimes journey to stake It is difficult if not impossible to name a part of our conferences by starting out by train, then transferring Heavenly Father's work of which President Smith is to a wagon, and sometimes making even a third transnot especially fond, for which he has not used his fer, and perhaps completing their journey on horsetalents in laboring long and hard. Particularly have

back. his magnificent labors been expended in matters perThis memory is in contrast to another experience of taining to genealogy and the work of the temples. A

a few years ago. One weekend President Smith found year after his appointment as assistant Church Hishimself with an appointment that would keep him in torian he was named secretary and director of the

the Salt Lake City area for the greater part of SaturGenealogical Society. In 1934 he began more than a

day. However, he had been assigned to conduct a quarter century of service as president of that society,

quarterly stake conference in the San Francisco area being released in 1961. He served as a counselor in

Saturday evening and Sunday. This worried President the presidency of the Salt Lake Temple from February

Smith, who prides himself on the way his appointments 1915 to January 1935, and as president of that temple seldom, if ever, are in conflict. But it looked as if, from 1945 to 1949. He has been present at the dedicathis time, one appointment would have to be cancelled. tions of nine temples—St. George, Salt Lake, Hawaii,

He casually mentioned the problem to a young friend Alberta, Arizona, Idaho Falls, Los Angeles, London, who was a jet pilot in the National Guard. The pilot and Oakland.

replied, "You know, my crew is lacking some air time It can truly be said of him that he lives for the this month. We've got to fly some place to log out Church and for his family—and delights wherever he

time. The Bay Area is just about the distance we need sees spiritual development and growth.

to keep our training record up to where it should be A Saturday near the date of his birthday is reserved this month. Let's fly there late Saturday afternoon for his family. On these happy days, family members

and return Sunday evening."meet in a park in Salt Lake City, play games, tell

President Smith kept both of his Saturday appointstories, sing songs, and enjoy a traditional dinner. Imments that week, and he and his younger friends portant parts of these occasions are the words of advice

enjoyed themselves at quarterly conference on Sunday. from President Smith and the presents he distributes

In June 1959, several members of President Smith's to each one. The novel technique of giving his destaff at the Church Historian's Office took a short scendants presents on his birthday eliminates the

vacation, going partway down the Colorado River by problem of his having to remember well over one boat. hundred birthdays each year. Of his ten living children

Returning to the office, Earl E. Olson, who was (a son, Lewis, was killed in military service during

then librarian and is now assistant Church Historian, World War II), all have been married in the temple said, "For a real vacation, President Smith, you ought and, at this writing, 27 grandchildren have been marto try that river trip sometime."ried in the temple by their grandfather. All five sons

"Why should I spend all that time?"was his forthhave fulfilled missions.

right answer. "I've been over the Colorado River terriThis is but a glimpse of the character and spiritual

tory in a jet plane of the National Guard. We've flown strength of Joseph Fielding Smith, prophet, seer,

high and we've gone down low. I've seen the Colorado revelator, and tenth President of the Church. Surely

River in a way that few have seen it."he has an important role to perform for the Lord, this

When President Smith reached his eightieth birthpeople, and the entire world in this day. O

day in 1956, the other members of the Twelve said of him: Bryant S. Hinckley, "Joseph Fielding Smith,"The Improve-

"We who labor in the Council of the Twelve under mentTheEra,ImprovementJune 1932, Era,pp. 45859.September 1951, p. 687.

his leadership have occasion to glimpse the true nobil- 'The Improvement Era, July 1956, p. 495.

V

"j "WW i i "'nfc IfHiLlflf*!!! 1 lH 1*0 1 fl II Pm

First Counselor in the First Presidency

"Harold B. Lee is a powerful man in modern Israel. Early in his life President Lee studied the piano, and

The source of his strength is in his knowledge that he some of his most pleasurable hours have come in sharlives in the shadow of the Almighty. To him, his ing music with his family. After he became a member

Heavenly Father is a senior partner, daily giving him of the Council of the Twelve, he would often accomguidance. His contacts with heaven are direct and pany the brethren on the piano as they sang in their

regular. To him, the gospel of Jesus Christ is eternal council meetings. Stake and ward officers have been

truth, and he finds therein the solution to every human surprised and pleased when he has offered to subproblem."1 stitute for an absent organist.

A pillar of faith and works is this man whom PresiWith the love of truth and completeness of faith dent Joseph Fielding Smith has selected as his first that are so much a part of him, he accepted a call to counselor. President Lee is also senior member and the Western States Mission, for which he departed

president of the Council, of the Twelve. Since April in November 1920. During his twoyear mission he

1941, as an apostle of the Lord, he has raised his voice served as president of the Denver District.

and made his presence felt for righteousness in the After his release, he moved to Salt Lake City, where far and near places of the Church. Even before that, he attended summer sessions at the University of

beginning in 1936, when he was appointed to be manUtah. From 1923 to 1928 he continued his education

aging editor of the then infant Church Welfare Proby correspondence courses and extension classes, gram, his influence was soon felt Churchwide. while serving as principal of two schools in the Granite

Born March 28, 1899, at Clifton, Idaho, one of six School District, Salt Lake County. He then became

children to bless the home of Samuel M. and Louisa first a salesman and later intermountain manager for a

Bingham Lee, President Lee knew the discipline of library distributing organization. This position he held

youthful days in a rural community. With his brother until 1932, when he agreed to accept an appointment

Perry, he took turns driving a small sorrel pony hitched as a Salt Lake City commissioner. He gained the

to the shafts of a twowheeled cart three miles to the respect of many of his fellow townspeople for the way district school. He had entered the district school at he handled his responsibilities for the departments of

the age of five and enrolled in the Oneida Stake streets and public properties, and he was elected for a

Academy at 13. To him learning was fascinating, and second term. He resigned the commissionership in

he made it so later for his students. He entered Albion 1936 when he was called as managing director of the

State Normal School in Idaho at the age of 17, and Church Welfare Program.

was teaching near Weston, Idaho, before his appointDuring the late 1920s he served the Church as ment as principal of the district school at Oxford, Pioneer Stake religion class superintendent, Sunday

Idaho, at the age of 18. School for him extended School superintendent, and counselor in the stake

beyond the horizon of books and papers; he participresidency. In 1930 he was made president of Pioneer

pated in basketball and debating, and he played the Stake, a position he held for seven years. During this

slide trombone, a talent that gave him joyful hours as time Pioneer Stake made great strides in leadership a member of dance bands. and teacher training programs, in a ward budget

Era, March 1970 9 plan, and in a youth recreational program, including the building of a gymnasium for stake activities.

At that time the country was in the midst of a great depression, and President Lee was faced with the tremendous problem of looking after the needs of his stake membership. Believing that "all things are possible to him that believeth,"he encouraged the

establishment of practices of selfhelp among his people. He instituted a stake welfare program and

established a warehouse for storing food and other commodities. These practices, combined with the

ideas and welfare programs of other stakes at that time, embodied the heart and core of the general

Church Welfare Program.

For his efforts in this one phase of his life's activities alone, he richly merited the honorary doctor of humanities degree awarded to him by Utah State Agricultural

College (now Utah State University).

President Lee believes that "this dispensation in which you and I live is intended to be a demonstration of the power and effectiveness of the gospel of Jesus Christ to meet our everyday problems here and now."The buoyancy of spirit and zest for life that

characterize Harold B. Lee have kept him always in

tune with the needs of the people of the Church. His

constant counsel to the young people of the Church to "put on the breastplate of righteousness"is worthy advice to all of us.

On November 14, 1923, Harold B. Lee married Fern

A recent photograph of President Harold B. Lee Lucinda Tanner in the Salt Lake Temple. They were

blessed with two daughters, Maurine Wilkins (dePresident and Sister Lee at home ceased) and Helen (Mrs. L. Brent Goates). In 1962

Sister Lee passed away, and in 1963 President Lee married Freda Joan Jensen.

The example and teachings of his wise and stalwart parents and the constant strength and support that he has found in his own home and its understanding relationships have given underlying meaning to the great emphasis President Lee has placed in recent years on the family home evening, home teaching, and the strengthening of the priesthood in the home. He has shown his deep love for his fellowmen

in the leadership and drive he has given as chairman of the executive committee of the Church Correlation

Program. As he now assumes his new position in the

First Presidency, his rich heritage and experience, his wisdom and courage, his strong testimony and great faith will find even wider expression in carrying out the purposes of Church correlation: to make the

Church more closely knit and to build the kingdom of God on earth. O

1 Marion G. Romney, "Harold B. Lee: Apostle of the Lord,'

The Improvement Era, July 1953, p. 504.

resident ]\. EldonTanner

Second Counselor in the First Presidency

"Few men are chosen for high office in the Church grew strong in mind, body, and spirit in the rugged who have a richer heritage and more varied backenvironment of that sparsely settled nation. He was

ground of training and experience than Nathan Eldon reared in wheatlands and often guided a plow behind 1 anner. plodding oxen. He learned to love all of God's creaThis description of President Tanner, who has been tions, especially his fellowmen.

called to serve as second counselor in the First PresiOpportunities for education were meager at the dency under President Joseph Fielding Smith, is as time; but upon completion of the eighth grade he

true today as it was several years ago when it was found that if he could convince four others to enroll first uttered by one who has long been associated for grade nine, the principal would teach it. He found

with him, Elder Hugh B. Brown. the four, but farm responsibilities kept him away from

For some nine and a half years, since he was first school until after Christmas. He later borrowed money

called to sit in the general councils of the Church, and went away to school for two years, before returnfirst as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, then ing home to teach. Some of his students, feeling the

as an apostle, and more recently as second counselor inspiration of his teaching, desired grade 12, which he to President David O. McKay, members of the Church himself had never taken. Arrangements were made

worldwide have come to know and to appreciate for the Alberta Provincial Department of Education to

President Tanner's honesty and integrity, his adminprepare the lesson materials, and he and his advanced istrative knowhow, and his broadly based sympathy students would complete their lessons and mail them for fairness and the right. His counsel and addresses to the department for grading. It was an unusual class,

have shown him to be a man to whom youth draws with teacher and students graduating from grade 12 near as he discusses with feeling his thoughts about together.

the simple yet allimportant rules of conduct for a After graduation from Normal School in 1919, he happy and productive life. accepted a position as principal of a threeroom school

Nathan Eldon Tanner was born in Salt Lake City, at Hill Spring, Alberta. There he met and fell in love

Utah, May 9, 1898. His parents, Nathan William and with one of the teachers, Sara Isabelle Merrill. They

Sarah Edna Brown Tanner, had gone to Canada as a were married on December 20, 1919, and their home young married couple, but she returned to Salt Lake was later blessed with five daughters. (President and

City for the arrival of her firstborn in her parents'home. Sister Tanner recently celebrated their golden wedding

When Eldon was six weeks old, his mother and her new anniversaiy in the Hawaiian Islands with 38 members baby, traveling by train and wagon, returned to the of their family.

dugout home on their homestead amid the Latterday From his early youth there was never a time when

Saint colonists of southern Alberta, Canada. There he Nathan Eldon Tanner was not active in the Church,

Era, March 1970 11 beginning with his service as president of his deacons quorum. In Cardston, Alberta, he served first as counselor in the bishopric and then as bishop of the

Cardston First Ward. In 1938, when the family moved

to Edmonton, he was named branch president, a position he held until September 1952. In 1953 he became

the first president of the Calgary Stake, in which position he was serving when he was called to be an

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve in 1960. At the

October 1962 general conference he was sustained as a member of the Council of the Twelve, and a year later as second counselor in the First Presidency.

In his professional life, President Tanner has also served willingly and with distinction. He was in the

field of education in Hill Spring and then Cardston until 1935, when he was persuaded to become a candidate for the Alberta Provincial legislature. He was

elected and subsequently became speaker of the legislature. In December 1936 he was asked to join the

Alberta Provincial government cabinet. After much

personal reflection and urging by his associates, he accepted the assignment of Minister of Lands and Mines, to administer the natural resources of the vast mineraland oilrich province of Alberta. The conservation

program that he organized during his tenure has become the pattern for other Canadian provinces and other lands as well.

Canada was a growing, expanding economic giant when in 1952 President Tanner left his government post to accept a position in the growing petroleum industry, as president first of Merrill Petroleums of

Canada and then of the vast Canadian Pipe Line ComPresident Tanner has greatly encouraged the growth of the Genealogical

Society's fanned microfilming program. pany, stretching from Alberta to Quebec.

Despite almost insurmountable obstacles—financial

Below: To celebrate their fiftieth wedding anniversary, President and as well as political—he successfully raised the $300,-

Sister Tanner took their children and grandchildren to Hawaii. 000,000 necessary to build the 2,000mile pipeline

through five provinces. At the completion of this

project, when his contract terminated in 1959, a newspaper in Alberta said in an editorial: "When a gas

pipeline across Canada was being proposed... it was

agreed... that the one man in all Canada who could

bring the various interests together and build a line conforming to government policy was Mr. Tanner....

It is now a national institution, a major force in the economy of the country.... We move a vote of thanks

for the work he has done for Canada."

Today, as he assumes his responsibilities in the First

Presidency under a new Prophet and President, the worldwide interests of the Church are truly blessed because of the broad background and experience, the executive capacities and business acumen, the deep spirituality and devotion to the Lord of President N.

Eldon Tanner. o

Acting President of the Council of the Twelve

When Spencer Woolley Kimball, recently called and love for and desire to serve the Lamanite people.

set apart as acting president of the Council of the In his school days at Thatcher, Arizona, he was a

Twelve, was but a youth, his father once said to a class leader, honor student, and athlete. Then came a

neighbor: "Brother, that boy Spencer is an exceptional mission to the Central States, after which he attended

boy. He always tries to mind me, whatever I ask him the University of Arizona, where he prepared himself

to do. I have dedicated him to be one of the mouthfor a career in business. He worked first in banking

pieces of the Lord—the Lord willing. You will see him and then as ownermanager of an insurance and

someday as a great leader. I have dedicated him to realty company, and held many responsible positions

the service of God, and he will become a mighty man in civic and professional organizations.

in the Church."In 1917 he married Camilla Eyring, and they became

That early benediction has proved to be prophetic. the parents of four children. Always willing to serve

Elder Kimball has indeed become a great mouthpiece in the Church, he became stake clerk of St. Joseph

for the Lord and a great leader. His general conference Stake at the age of 22 and six years later was named

addresses have long been treasured by members of the a counselor in the stake presidency. In 1938 he was

Church for their probing counsel, easyto-comprehend called as the first president of the newly organized analogies, and refined and imaginative qualities of Mt. Graham Stake. On July 8, 1943, he received the

expression. call to serve as a member of the Council of the Twelve.

Born in Salt Lake City on March 28, 1895, to Andrew For almost 30 years he has visited and built up the and Olive Woolley Kimball, young Spencer spent most Saints in the wards, stakes, branches, and missions. He

of his life in Arizona, where in 1898 his father was is quick to analyze a problem and then, with love uncalled to serve as president of the St. Joseph Stake in feigned, give the solution. He has carried a major role

Arizona's Gila Valley. His father previously served 12 in financial matters for the Church and has helped to

years as president of the Indian Territory Mission, an build the widely acclaimed Church Indian Program.

experience that greatly influenced young Spencer's He has become a "mighty man"in the Church. Q

Era, March 1970 13 In the prophetic revelation rewe could return to Salt Lake City of the Lord, "islands of the sea,"ferred to as "my preface unto the by traveling either east or west—as we visited Taiwan and attended

book of my commandments, which "the distance is about the same."a district conference in Manila in

I have given them to publish unto I thought of this as I presented the the Philippines (a nation of some you, O inhabitants of the earth,"King of Thailand with a copy of forty million people on seven thouthe Lord called out in these words. "Joseph Smith's Testimony"—off the sand islands), with over two

"Hearken, O ye people of my press the day before. It was the thousand in attendance. Again the

church, saith the voice of him who first Church publication in the Thai words "islands of the sea"crowded dwells on high, and whose eyes are language. in upon us as we were welcomed by

upon all men; yea, verily I say: "... and ye that are upon the isfriendly leaders to dedicate the

Hearken ye people from afar; and lands of the sea, listen together."land of fourteen thousand islands

ye that are upon the islands of the How often these words have come in Indonesia.

sea, listen together."(D&C 1:6, I.) to mind in the past two years. In A visit with the leader of Free

These significant words fit the the island nation of Japan at a China and the increasing memberAsian countries: "Hearken, ye conference of over eight hundred ship of the Church in Hong Kong,

people from afar; and ye that are youth, we listened to 125 personal Korea, and elsewhere show that

upon the islands of the sea, listen testimonies in a fourand-a-halfthese friendly, humble, courageous together."hour testimony meeting that closed people are heeding the call of the

In the past two years I have made only to permit a scheduled public Lord and are "listen [ing] together."

four visits to these Asian lands, and meeting to start, leaving 85 young There has never been a time until two earlier visits were made as a people still wanting to add their now when the Church has had the

United States cabinet official. Many testimonies. strength and the means to reach

times I have had occasion to reWe were reminded of the words out effectively to the Asian nations.

member these prophetic words. "islands of the sea"at the dedication In the timetable of the Lord, the

I thought of the words "ye people last April of the land of Singapore, door is now open, and this is apfrom afar"as we visited Thailand, where we already have a congreparently the time for the work in

Malaysia, Vietnam, Singapore, Ingation of some three hundred and Asia.

donesia, India, and other lands, and a new church building underway. Each visit has been productive

was told by our travel agent that Again we thought of the words and inspirational. The work is ex14

paneling and further expansion is spreading of truth among that and ability, and perhaps even a in the offing. In each of the counpeople. temple erected among these good

tries the tremendous growth is an Mormon servicemen throughout people.

inspiration: this is where the people these nations are laying the foundaThe outlook is most encouraging.

are—by the hundreds of millions—tion for effective proselyting as The Lord is blessing the new conone-third of the population of the they make friends and a few converts, the missionaries, the mission

world. Of course, from the total verts for the Church. On our recent presidents. There is a spirit of

standpoint of those many millions. tour we visited six installations in optimism everywhere among these

we are just getting started. Thailand. We have three wellhumble people, as men of promiIn Japan the Church is quite well operating districts of servicemen in nence extend the hand of fellowship

established in two missions and sevVietnam. and cooperation. For example, one

eral districts, with more soon to be The land of Indonesia with 130 little branch of 50 members in organized. There are nearly fourmillion people was dedicated OctoKorea has five college professors.

teen million people in the imber 26, 1969, for the preaching of May God bless richly these teemmediate vicinity of Tokyo and the gospel. A new mission has been ing millions in the Asian countries—

Yokohama, where we have good established with headquarters in these choice "people from afar and leadership and a stable organizaSingapore. ye that are upon the islands of the 1

tion. A new stake will be organized We are building up substantial sea"as they "listen together"to the

there March 15. congregations, and the foundation is message of salvation from the humJapan now has over twelve thoubeing laid for a tremendous expanble servants of God—local members

sand members of the Church. There sion of the work in Asia. Baptisms and missionaries, all.

are four thousand in Korea, over for 1969 were over 100 percent For the Lord has declared five thousand in the Philippines, ahead of a year ago, and the trend through the Prophet Joseph Smith:

some four thousand in Hong Kong, continues upward. "And the voice of warning shall be

and more than that in Taiwan. A One of our great needs is buildunto all people, by the mouths of

beginning has been made in Thaiings. In the entire Philippine Mismy disciples, whom I have chosen

land, Singapore, and Indonesia. We sion, we have only one building. in these last days.

have strong congregations on OkiBuilding sites are being purchased, "And they shall go forth and none nawa, and a nucleus of Vietnamese and plans are going forward for shall stay them, for I the Lord have have come into the Church. Our the building of additional chapels commanded them."(D&C 1:4-5.)

servicemen in Korea laid the founin various parts of these areas. To this I bear humble witness, in

dation for the Church there, and In our lifetime we shall see stakes deep gratitude for the Lord's blesswhen peace comes to Vietnam we and chapels, converts in great numing on our work in Asia and shall find the way prepared for the ber, local leadership with power throughout the world. O

The Mission Presidents inAsia Report

Japan Mission

By President Walter R. Bills

Geographically, our mission cov12 million people, and the northern skinned Ainu, some of whom have ers the northern half of the main island of Hokkaido, where live an blond hair and blue eyes, island of Honshu, which includes almost extinct people who were the We have 6,697 members and 17

Tokyo, the world's largest city with original settlers of Japan—the fairorganized branches, with 17 proseEra, March 1970 15

ComPS fay Jon M.Tsytof'ik

SECRETS OF HAPPINESS From DeseretBook

1. HOW TO GET WHAT YOU WANT ich Be A Leader Be Free

Compiled by Jon M. Taylor Be Intelligent Know Truth Have Peace of Mind

Photographically illustrated by Stan Macbean Love and Be Loved Be Strong Achieve the Ultimate

In these pages are compiled the words of wisdom which the Be Happy Be Healthy Make a Lasting Contribution

Lord has revealed to man on 14 of man's most sought after This book can be read in about an hour even by slow readers, traits and achievements—often the most elusive. but the wisdom will come from repeated readings and practice

Learn how to: Make Decisions Get What You Want of its principles. Comes in a protective collectors cover. $2.95

E,l*flN A COOK GWEU) COOK-

2. THE SINGING KINGS BOOK OF MORMON 4. SCIENCE AND MORMONISM

by Luise King Rey and PERSONALITIES by Dr. Melvin A. Cook and

Ora Pate Stewart by Joseph Lundstrom M. Garfield Cook

The famous "King Sisters"have become "The Gain a greater insight into the lives of both Here is a refreshing look into the ways science

Singing King Family"on nationwide television. the famous and the infamous Book of Mormon and religion compliment each other. Learn

Read the interesting story of how it all began. characters by reading these background stories. answers to such problems as The Structure of

Stardom was far from instant. There were many For families reading the Book of Mormon toThe Universe, Spiritual Dimension, Light, Time,

heart aches on the way up. But there was also gether, this book will help create a vivid mental Speed and Communication, Scriptures and Age,

a great deal of love, and encouragement in the image of these men in the minds of all, espeand Science and Age. The material is well rehome. Learn how they achieved the togethercially the younger members. Order your copy searched, well written for clear understanding.

ness that led to television's "Singing, Kings."now. $3.95 A testimony builder for even the doubtful.

$4.95 $5.95

ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

444 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Please send me items circled: 12 3 4

Total cost $ This must include 250 per book ordered for handling and mailing plus 4V2% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from California residents ordering from Orange. Paid by check, money order, or charge established account.

Name Boofe Address.

City State. Zip.

March 1970 Era

lyting areas. Eight new chapels early Sunday morning, either in the of our mission, primarily through

have been constructed—four in ocean, outside areas, or homemade our extensive Book of Mormon

Tokyo and one each in Yokohama, fonts. program. In the first six months of

Takasaki City, Sapporo, Asahigawa Our members include people 1969 we sold 6,326 copies, and in—and we own six other buildings from all walks of life: sales manthe last six months, 48,147 copies.

that have been renovated into agers, laborers, doctors, dentists, inOur hopes for 1970 are to place chapels. dependent businessmen, and skilled between 200,000 and 300,000 copies.

Throughout our mission, in order laborers. At present we have 181 We hope to have six information

to attend church services, members missionaries: 159 elders and 22 centers showing the Japanese verusually have to travel from onehalf sisters, including 20 Japanese nasion of Mans Search for Happiness.

hour to three hours each way by tionals. We baptized 281 persons In October 1970 we plan to charter

means of subways, buses, or trains. in 1968 and 710 in 1969. In 1970 two planes directly from Tokyo to

Meetings are correlated so we can we have set our goal for 2,500 Salt Lake City for general conferhave one meeting after another, baptisms. ence. We look forward to a great

usually taking most of the day. The Church is becoming better year, particularly as we prepare for

Baptism meetings are often held known throughout the eastern half Expo '70. O

JapanOkinawa Mission Bv President Edward Y. Okazaki

Our mission serves about half of vicemen's districts. Four chapels remaking the movie Man's Search

the land area and population of have been constructed for us; elsefor Happiness, with Japanese actors

Japan, or half of the island of Honwhere we rent buildings. We and scenery. In the meantime, we

shu and all of Shikoku, Kyushu, presently have 191 missionaries and are busily trying to rearrange the and Okinawa. There are about 50 18 parttime missionaries. In 1969 missionary lesson plan so it will be

million Japanese in our area. (The we baptized 613 into the Church. more culturally inviting to the

total population of Japan is 100 We are well received today Japanese people. We are pleased

million. throughout Japan, and our proswith the results of the new language

Interestingly, there seems to be pects for 1970 are high, particularly training program that is designed evidence in Japanese customs and because of Expo '70, the first world to help missionaries learn to comnational religion that the truths of exposition to be held in Asia, and municate in six months.

the gospel were once planted in the site, Osaka, is in our mission. During the year the Saints will

Japan: (1) in Shinto they have a The site of the Church's pavilion be chartering a plane to the Hawaii

ceremony in which they baptize is outstanding. One Expo official Temple for endowments, sealings,

for their dead; (2) when someone remarked, "How did you get such a and patriarchal blessings.

dies he loses his earthly name and choice location? You must have had Our baptisms are expected to soar

the priest gives him a heavenly some excellent connections."We from an average of nineteen per

name; (3) they believe they must did! The Lord helped us! month to 200 per month in the near

do "work"for their ancestors; (4) The pavilion is located across the future.

Japanese believe in the patriarchal street from the Japan pavilion; it I feel as one does when he

order: (5) they believe in coveis near the largest manmade lake, thrills to the catching of a big wave

nants, that sacrifice brings forth the where people will rest and cool with his surfboard. When Expo

blessings of heaven; (6) the story themselves; and it is one block from opens, our pavilion will be the

told of the creation of Japan is the largest public plaza where the crest that will propel us to breaksimilar to the story of the creation biggest and best free shows will be neck speed. We are paddling hard

of the earth. held. We are planning to host benow to be sure that we catch the

In our mission we have 5,281 tween five and eight million persons crest of this big wave. We want to

members, with 32 branches, six in the six months. go sailing along, and we can taste

proselyting districts, and two serThe First Presidency approved the salt spray in our mouths. O

Era, March 1970 17 Philippine Mission By President Paul S. Rose

The only nation within the struction for the missionaries is Filipinos have nicknamed all AmeriPhilippine Mission is the 7,000English. cans Joe—especially the missionisland Republic of the Philippines. We have about 5,199 members aries. The little children are the

We have branches and missionaries (1,351 baptisms in 1969) in 20 delight of the missionaries and scattered from Laoag on the large branches and 19 groups. Our 179 make many hot days of tracting ennorthern island of Luzon to General missionaries are laboring in 35 joyable. They follow the missionSantos City in southern Mindanao. cities. We have one chapel in the aries around—sometimes as many

The missionaries come in contact Philippines and two more soon to as 50 may be counted.

with all types of dialects—about 37 begin construction. Our missionaries agree that it is

major dialects and over 60 minor The Filipino people are probably now easier to place copies of the dialects. the most kind and hospitable people Book of Mormon and to find people

But if any single language could on earth. They are always helpful who are interested in the gospel

be said to be universal, it would be and smile and wave when apthan it was a year ago, and our

English. Hence, the medium of inproached. Since World War II the prospects for 1970 are good. O

Hong KongTaiwan Mission By President W. Brent Hardy

Our mission covers the island chapel (hence, we go to Church wan is somewhat unusual, for alof Taiwan and the colony of Hong in an elevator), one converted prithough it is part of the mission, it

Kong, with about 14 million people vate mansion, and one small oneresembles a stake. We have a

on Taiwan and 4.5 million in Hong room chapel; we also rent 15 branch presidency and district council to

Kong. The mission has 8,673 buildings. The gospel is being rerun the affairs of the Church there,

Church members divided into 31 ceived well by the people in both to prepare the leadership for the branches and three districts. We areas of the mission, and we expect day when it may become the first

have 148 missionaries. Upon arrival, the number of baptisms in 1970 to Chinese stake.

the missionaries are assigned to be double that of 1969. The staHong Kong, on the southeast

learn either Cantonese, which is ture of the Church here is good. coast of China, adjoins the Comspoken in Hong Kong, or Mandarin, Taiwan, formerly called Formosa, munistheld province of Canton. It

which is used in Taiwan. Even has a population of 14 million, of has an area of 398.5 square miles.

though both are Chinese dialects, whom 4,500 are Church members. The Church is progressing at a fast

they are sufficiently different that The economic growth is impressive rate there.

missionaries cannot be transferred—since 1964 the national yearly inOur primary objective during the

back and forth between Hong Kong come has doubled. Unemployment coming year will be to strengthen

and Taiwan. is almost unknown, and modern the local leadership of the Church.

At present we have three confactories dot the countryside. SevWe believe that the Saints are maventional Church chapels, four entyeight missionaries are assigned turing and preparing to become a

condominiums in which we own a to Taiwan. great source of strength for other

floor that has been converted to a The Church organization in Taiareas in Asia. O

Southeast Asia Mission By President G. Carlos Smith, Jr.

Our mission came into being on where we have several Indonesian However, in Saigon we do have one

November 1, 1969, with headmembers and about twenty Caubranch of 90 members, composed quarters at Singapore. The Southcasian members. mostly of Vietnamese and some

ern Far East Mission became the Two years ago six elders were career U.S. servicemen.

Hong KongTaiwan and the Southsent to Singapore to open up the Proselyting is done primarily in east Asia missions. We comprise work here. There are now 46 elders English in Singapore and Vietnam,

the peninsula of Indochina—Vietin Singapore, and the membership and in the Thai language in Thainam, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia—of the Singapore Branch is 183. land; in Indonesia most of our

the island republic of Singapore, In Bangkok, Thailand, we have proselyting will be done in IndoIndonesia, Malaysia, Burma, Nepal, an Englishspeaking branch of 225 nesian.

the Indian subcontinent, Ceylon, members and a Thai group of 35. As yet we have no church buildand Pakistan. Approximately 975 In Korat, Thailand, we have anings, but we have acquired property

million people live within these other Thai group of about 30 in Bangkok for a chapel that we nations. members. In Thailand 30 missionhope will be built within a year.

At the present time missionary aries are proselyting in four cities. The Asian people are wonderful

work is progressing in South VietIn Vietnam we have three disand devoted. This is true in each

nam, Thailand, Singapore, and tricts presided over by servicemen. of the nations in our mission—and

Indonesia. On January 5, 1970, six We have groups rather than the Lord has blessed us in making

elders began work in Djakarta, branches among the servicemen. some wonderful friends. O

By President Robert H. Slover

At the present, our mission covers The image of the Church in This sometimes includes the urge to the Republic of South Korea, a Korea is very good, although the imitate American religions. Korea

land of 31 million people, in which Church has only been here 12 has the highest percentage of Chriswe have about 4,000 members, years. The mission has been estabtians of any Asian country. The

excluding the Latterday Saint lished for seven years. Even so, our people, however, are highly nationservicemen and the American govname has spread throughout Korea alistic, and the economy is leaping

ernment personnel. Divided into through excellent press treatment forward in great steps.

four districts, the mission contains and coverage, large exhibits about Our challenge in the Church is 16 branches, with about 100 misthe Church in major cities, and the to build a strong base in the priestsionaries. Tabernacle Choir weekly broadhood. We already have many reWe now have three chapelscasts carried on a Seoul radio markably strong and wellversed

two in Seoul and one in Pusan—that station. members of the Church here. Our

are great helps and that serve as Korea is one of the most profuture is very great in Korea; in

landmarks for investigators and American countries in the world, fact, we look forward to a stake and others. Our baptism total last year and Americans and seemingly anyeven talk of a temple in our distant

was 450. thing American are much loved. hopes. O

Era, March 1970 19 The accompanying photographs indicate the strength and vigor of the Church in Japan (beginning at upper left corner and going clockwise): young Japanese elder addresses

congregation at sacrament meeting; a recent

convert to the Church is ordained to an office in the priesthood; one of the chapels in Japan;

genealogical study group; family home evening presentation; Relief Society sisters acquire new abilities; missionaries hold sidewalk discussions; Relief Society sisters studying the gospel; and a winning entry in an

MIA festival.

mm

Doctrines Prophets * Compiled and arranged by ALMA P. BURTON

A ready reference on more than 100 gospel subjects. Over 900 authoritative statements by Presidents and

other Apostles. Alphabetical, topical

arrangement of subject matter for easy reference.

Here are just a few of the subjects included:

Adam & Eve Angels Apostasy Baptism of Infants Communism The Devil Divorce Eternal Increase

Husbands Idlers Love Miracles Opposition Philosophy Revelation

Second Coming of Christ Spirit

World Translation Zion

Conwnents on "Doctrines from trie Prophets"3-70

Ideal Please "Doctrines send from the of statements by anthology a comprehensiveAt Last!—

for a 'subjects. Prophets"which 1 enclose range of doctrinal oh a wide prophetsmodern

insights deeperJust what is needed for some for check or money order in the

Jr. Ernest Eberhard,

of this thought hasn'tIt's that someone amazing before classroom amountNAME of $. original live in era, these short, and a "digest". We

comments really hit the spot. BOOKCRAFT ADDRESS Henry A. Smith and

South 1848 2300 West CITY for gospel 3$ntaifrs easyto-find host of a research P. 0. Box 208 totopics. the teacher gospel give outstanding... inspirationheip STATE speaker.It willafid Residents of Utah add.4V?%..ZIP.sales. tax. City, 84110 Salt Utah Lake Christensen Joe purposes!

Chapels in the Japan mission. Starting below and reading

clockwise: West

Branch, Tokyo East Branch, Gunma Branch, Sapporo Branch and Tokyo Worth Branch.

TheHistory of the Church in Japan By Eleanor Knowles

Editorial Associate

March 1970 marks one of the these two periods perhaps the most prophecy made in 1903, when most momentous months in the hisdevastating war in the history of Elder Heber J. Grant of the Countory of The Church of Jesus Christ the world left much of Japan in cil of the Twelve (and later

of Latterday Saints in Japan. On charred rubble. Yet from the depths seventh President of the Church)

Friday, March 13, the Mormon of that war the nation itself has stated in general conference: "There

Pavilion at Expo 70 in Osaka will soared to become one of the great will be a great and important be dedicated. Two days later, on industrial giants of the world, and labor accomplished in that land."

March 15, the first stake of the the gospel has caught fire in the During the last half of the nineChurch in Asia will be organized hearts of many thousands of perteenth century, while the Church in Tokyo. sons. During the first period of 23 was becoming firmly established in

These two events are all the more years, only 166 persons were bapthe United States and Europe, remarkable when one considers tized in the land of the rising sun. great changes were taking place

the struggle for recognition that Today that many people are somein Japan that were to lay the the Church has experienced in the times baptized in a single month; foundation for the introduction of

69 years since the first missionthe Church membership in Japan the gospel there. Under the reign

aries set foot on Japanese soil. Acis now 12,500, and it is expected of Emperor Meiji, Japan had

tually, the history of the Church that as many as 4,000 may be bapemerged from centuries of isolain Japan spans two periods of time tized in 1970, while the seeds will tionism and traditionalism and had from 1901 to 1924, when the misbe planted in the hearts of tens begun to trade with western nations sionaries were withdrawn because of thousands of other persons. and to send delegations to other

of strong antiAmerican feeling, and Truly the way has been opened nations to study and gain technical from 1948 to the present. Between up at last for the fulfillment of a knowledge. Thus, it is not surprisEra, March 1970 23

ing that many Christian sects had returned from 33 months of missionfew persons did come forth to help cast their eyes toward Japan and ary service in Colorado; and Alma open the way for them to find suitwere beginning to establish mis- O. Taylor, who, although he was able housing, learn the language,

sions there. just a youth of 18 at that time, translate the Book of Mormon and

The Church of Jesus Christ of would become a great missionary to other Church tracts, and seek out

Latterday Saints had been watchthe Japanese people and would rethe honest investigator. Although

ing the "new Japan"with great inmain in Japan nine years. by the time Elder Grant returned to

terest, anticipating the time when The four emissaries arrived at Salt Lake City at the end of two the restored gospel might be taken Yokohama in August 1901. As years there had been few baptisms,

to the people there. In 1895 an Elder Grant was to write home, "On the elders had made significant

editorial in the Contributor (forethe shore hundreds of rikishas were progress in translating Church mawaiting with their proprietors terials, and they had learned the hawking their services to passenlanguage sufficiently well to be able "Nothing will hinder movedgers...among. The thefourlittle,missionariestanned, topeople.communicate with the Japanese

strangelyclad natives.... Here Elder Taylor, who became presithe rapid advancement suddenly they were cast into a dent of the mission on July 4, 1905,

"new world—the people, language, was given the difficult assignment

of this oriental nation customs, dress, buildings, streets of translating the Book of Mormon were all so different."into Japanese. When he had left

One of the first things Elder for Japan in 1901, he had been told

Grant did was to send copies of in a blessing that he might "easily "An Address to the Great and learn the language; that the gift of

runner of The Improvement Era) Progressive Nation of Japan"to tongues may rest upon you in such stated: "The authorities of the leading newspapers, in which he a degree that the language may beChurch have of late had their minds stated: "As an Apostle and minister come easy to you; that your memory

more or less exercised in regard to of the Most High God, I salute you may be strong to remember, and

Japan as a country in which the and invite you to consider the imthat you may know how to conGospel might at an early day be portant message we bear.... By struct that language, so foreign to

profitably preached. The recent His authority we turn the divine those that you have heard here."

ChineseJapanese war has shown key which opens the kingdom The first translation was begun in among other unexpected things that of heaven to the inhabitants of 1904 and completed two years

Japan has made wonderful strides Japan...."later, but it had to go through

within a few years in the arts of On September 1, 1901, the four several revisions and translations civilization.... Nothing will hinder missionaries went to a little hill before an acceptable version was

the rapid advancement of this overlooking Yokohoma, and there ready to be printed in 1909. With

oriental nation, unless pride and Elder Grant offered prayer, dedithis missionary tool available at conceit at their success in the late cating the land "for the proclamalast, the work of the missionaries war shall ruin the people."tion of the Truth and for the was greatly enhanced. (Today the

Inquiry was made of the Japanese bringing to pass of the purposes of Book of Mormon is available in a

Consul at San Francisco, and he the Lord concerning the gathering leatherbound edition in Japan, with responded that he felt the Church of Israel and the establishment of beautiful fourcolor illustrations, at would be warmly received in Japan. righteousness upon the earth."very nominal cost. During 1969

Thus, on February 14, 1901, the The missionaries did not find the missionaries of the Japan Mission

Council of the Twelve agreed that warm welcome in Japan they had sold more than 55,000 copies, and the gospel be taken to the Japanese been promised; in fact, in many in 1970 they expect to sell another

people, and Elder Heber J. Grant areas they found great opposition, 200,000 copies.

was named to lead the missionary particularly among some of the The first years of the mission reefforts in Japan. Selected to accomChristian sects. And since they did sulted in few conversions, and some

pany him were Louis A. Kelsch, not speak Japanese, and few of the of those who did embrace the goswho had just completed five years Japanese people could speak or pel later left the Church. By 1924,

as president of the Northern States understand English, they found when antiAmerican feeling and

Mission; Horace S. Ensign, recently their work hampered. However, a persecution had become so great

that President Grant directed that the mission be closed, the membership stood at less than 100 persons. 1. The Gospel and Man's

Elder Ernest B. Woodward, one of Relation to Diety, by B. H.

Roberts Reg. $3.25

the last missionaries to leave the

A. by Rex Thee Wed,country, wrote: "Attendance at our 2.

Reg. SkidmoreI $2.95

meetings dropped and continued to 3. Ancient Apostles, by

do so; only a few of the faithful David 0. McKay Reg. $2.95

members ever showed up around LDS Books Club is the only the Church. Wherever we went we club that features the

were greeted by stony silence or books of both Bookcraft with insults.... As time went on, and Deseret Book.

the bitterness became more intense and the attendance at meetings smaller. In our tracting we met

with opposition and insult on every hand.... The lady missionaries Your choicenever left the mission home without

escort for it was not deemed safe."

And so the missionaries were withdrawn. The few faithful Saints

who remained in Japan struggled to meet together under trying conditions, but in essence the Church in Japan would lie dormant for some 24 years.

On November 28, 1936, the join the LDS BOOKS CLUBDeseret News carried a news item When you that was to have farreaching effect Every home needs a library. Cicero said: "A room withamong the Japanese people: "Anout books is a body without a soul."Start building your

nouncement was made this week library systematically and inexpensively—savings of

approximately 20%. Choose your first selection from

titles:from the office of the First Presithis list of choice

dency that the Church would re- 4. The Miracle of Forgiveness, Kimball $4.95

open its Japanese Mission."5. The Three Infinities, Sill 3.95

Mission headquarters were to be 6.7. ClassicThe FirstExperiences2,000 Years,andSkousenAdventures 3.953.95

in Hawaii, where more than half 8. The Abundant Life, Brown 4.50

the people were then Japanese. A 9. Genealogical Research Essentials, Wright & Pratt 3.95

10. Prophecies of Joseph Smith, Crowther 4.50

few Saints who had moved there 11. The Refiner's Fire, Dyer 5.95

from Japan plus converts in the 12. Discourses of Brigham Young, Widtsoe 4.95

Hawaii Mission provided a nucleus 13.14. TeachingsThe Singingof Kings,the ProphetVol. 1,JosephRey andSmith,StewartSmith.... 4.953.95

for the mission, which was reestablished in the spring of 1937, with

Hilton A. Robertson (who had di- 3-70

rected the closing of the mission in Check or money order in the amount of J

is for as payment enclosed myJapan in 1924 ) as president. Within LDS Books Club Enroll an memberfirst Cluband selection.send me LDS Books me as

a year four districts had been estabClub, Inc. monthlyof 4 regularreviews.ClubI herebyselectionsagreeor toalternatespurchase aduringminimumthe

lished on the island of Oahu and P.O. Box 400 nextium book12 monthsfor joiningat thedoesregularnot qualifyadvertisedas a price.regular(PremClub

missionary work was begun on the Salt Lake City, selectionpurchasingor 4alternate).books. ForI mayeach resign4 booksat anyI accepttime I afterwill

islands of Hawaii and Kauai. Utah 84110 receiveproximatelya valuable20%. bonus book free—a saving of apIn Hawaii the gospel found some Name

free membership Please send as my meof its most receptive converts among bonus the folAddress (circle number) circled one book, lowing the younger Japanese, who, PresiCity

the following senddent Robertson reported, "are not Also Zip circled book(s) as my first reguState

Club selection: Books lar LDS of Utah add (Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents

5 6 7 9 10 11 12 13 14 HVi% sales tax.)

Era, March 1970 25 J TARE THE NEXT STEP. satisfied with the religious philosWhat a different story the new

ophy of their parents."Even during missionaries had to tell, compared TOGETHER World War II, when fulltime miswith the experiences of those missionaries had to be withdrawn from sionaries in the first period. Then

the islands, the missionary work it had been a story of despair, rewas continued by local members. jection, struggle against almost inAs a result, when it finally became surmountable obstacles. Now it

possible for the mission to be rewas a story of a people who were opened in Japan, there was strong more friendly, more willing to lisleadership in the branches in Haten, more open to reception of the waii, and a number of young adults Spirit and the truths of the gospel.

were prepared to return to their Although the Church's growth in homeland as proselyting missionJapan after 1948 was not, perhaps, aries for the Church. as dramatic as in some of the other

With the end of the war in Japan missions of the Church, it was conin 1945 came the U.S. occupation sistent, and with the growth in the

forces, which included hundreds of membership have come the building

Latterday Saints. These serviceof new chapels and the establishmen included many returned misment of the full program of the

sionaries, as well as Nisei members Church, including the auxiliary ( secondgeneration Americans of programs, the family home evening,

Japanese ancestry), who set about home teaching, temple work (sevto teach the gospel to their fellow eral excursions have been made to servicemen and to the native JapaHawaii, and additional temple exnese. cursions are planned this year, in-

(An interesting sidelight is that cluding one to Salt Lake City ), and one young man who was taught other blessings of the gospel. The

the gospel while in the service, and Unified Magazine of the Church is who was baptized in Tokyo Bay in now printed in Japanese, as are gentle walk and some serious talk 1952, later became a member of the many of the auxiliary manuals and about the great financial and personal First Council of the Seventy—Elder other teaching helps.

Hartman Rector, Jr.) The Church in Japan is nowrewards of a business of your own, a

JER MARAI Distributorship. It could In 1948, Edward L. Clissold of firmly established, after a struggle

Honolulu, who had been in Japan that spans seven decades. Todaybe the most successful step you've ever

taken. It's worth looking into, isn't it? in 1945 with the occupation forces, there are two missions—the Japan

was called by the First Presidency Mission, with headquarters in to reopen the mission in Japan (it Tokyo, and the JapanOkinawa MisJep (Dopai was designated the Northern Far sion, in Kobe—and each mission is

16203 WARD WAY East Mission) with headquarters this year experiencing greater

CITY OF INDUSTRY in Tokyo. The first missionaries asgrowth than the one combined misCALIFORNIA, 91745 signed to Japan included several sion did just five years ago. There

of the young people from Hawaii, is a vast percentage of Japan's and their knowledge of the Japanese 120,000,000 population who have We would like to know language helped greatly in breaknot yet had an opportunity to hear more about a

JER MARAI Distributorship ing down some of the barriers that the gospel's message, but with the had hampered missionaries in the establishment of the new stake, the

Name earlier period. The new missionhighly successful Book of Mormon

aries set about gathering up the sales campaign, the Mormon PaAddress Saints who had remained faithful vilion at Expo '70, and the lives and

City during the long war years, and example of faithful members setting these members, plus those taught the pace, the Lord is truly blessing

State Zip by the servicemen, became the the Church in Japan, the land of

Phone nucleus for the branches in Japan. the rising sun. O

IE 3-70 Far left: Joseph McPhie, former president of Vietnam

Southern District, leaves fay helicopter to visit outlying servicemen's groups.

Other photos show servicemen attending a district conference in Vietnam and leaving by army truck to return to battlefront.

The Influence of Latterday

...j* *"'&/,*mmL. mmm R.. / i,, jfiF "fc-'-Mm... m.SSL. t - ik,- JR&8L. JML Jam. t*—'JMBk 3BBKL JHK.vJ9k.JBk...**...jm%.9JSr JB9L SfBB-'

By President W. Brent Hardy

Hong Kong—Taiwan Mission

Recently the commander of a This same sequence of events branch of the Church has about 60 troop of helicopter gunships, who has been repeated in Korea. LatterVietnamese and 40 American memwas a high priest on his second day Saint servicemen during the bers, with more being added each

tour of duty in Vietnam, wrote: Korea War brought the light of the month. As the Vietnam conflict

"... possibly due to the influgospel into the lives of enthusiastic moderates, freedom of association

ence of our conference, I feel more and influential men. The way was with the Vietnamese people will inthan ever a kinship to these people, thus prepared for the establishment crease and with it the opportunity

both friend and enemy. I hope the of a successful mission in that anto introduce the message of Christ.

day may come when I can bring cient land. A new mission, the Materials are now being prepared

them life in the gospel truths, rather Philippine Mission, now one of the in the Vietnamese language to asthan death."This comment conmost rapidly growing missions in sist in this effort.

veys the spirit and feeling of our the Church, came similarly into Nor is the influence of the LatterMormon servicemen in Asia. being. In Taiwan a few scattered day Saint servicemen in Asia limFrom the icy mountains of Korea, Latterday Saint servicemen proited to the people of these lands.

through Japan, Okinawa, Taiwan, vided help, encouragement, faith, Military service and its environthe Philippines, to the steamy junand prayers to assist the work there ment put members of the Church gles of Vietnam and the broad exin its beginning. face to face with some hard facts

panse of Thailand, hundreds of Throughout Asia theirs has been and choices. The influences of home

thousands of American servicemen a dual role. In the beginning, it was and family become remote voices

are stationed. In their midst are preparation; as stability came, they of the past. The men have to shake

some 6,000 to 7,000 Latterday Saint provided experience and leadership off complacent lethargy of comservicemen. to assist new local leaders. In Thaifortable "hometown Mormonism"

Their contribution historically land, at the request of a serviceand choose whom they will serve.

has been that of a forerunner, an men's group, the missionaries have Thankfully, for many this crisis in

Elias, for the establishment of orbeen sent to labor there. their spiritual lives is met with

ganized branches, districts, and The same pattern seems to be growing testimonies and vigorous missions. The Church in Japan emerging from the ashes of Vietdesire to improve. When they find

blossomed only after World War II nam. Though the servicemen's themselves and the meaning of the

brought, over the years, thousands contact with the Vietnamese is very gospel, they have a desire to share of Latterday Saint servicemen and limited for security reasons, their it with others. They see themselves

their families to that land. influence is still felt. In Saigon a in a new perspective. Their lives

Era, March 1970 27 are brought into focus. Their goals tunity to be active and of service. numbered thousands of personal

are defined. Though the situation A discussion of the Latterday acts of charity, the Latterday Saint

in which they find themselves may Saint servicemen in Asia would not servicemen contribute to the mabe unpleasant and their duties be complete without reference to terial wellbeing of the Church at cruel, they emerge with a clear their contribution to the physical present and in preparation for the resolve to be more fully what they growth of the Church. Throughout future.

are, sons of God. Asia chapels have been built and Only those who have sat in conNot a meeting is held in Vietnam are being built with the financial ference with four or five hundred

without someone's expressing apassistance and physical labor of the Latterday Saint servicemen fresh preciation and love for his wife and servicemen. Through their contrifrom the dirt, wet, and misery of

family and at the same time dedibutions they are helping people jungle war and heard them sing, cating himself to be a better huswho have very limited financial re- "And should we die before our band and father. The boy who had sources to enjoy the benefits of journey's through...,"can feel

been a "50 percent"Mormon finds chapel facilities. In Vietnam many the richness of souls and the depth

new meaning in his Church memof the servicemen give one month's of conviction and source of combership and begins to save for a combat pay to the building and fort that living the gospel brings.

mission when his service is over. missionary fund for Vietnam. This A witness of their testimony is

The transgressor repents and again same generosity is helping build borne as you hear these great men permits the Lord to bless him. facilities in all the missions in Asia. of the Church sing, "... All is well,

Someone who loses a buddy in batIn these material ways and the unall is well."O

tle sees his life in new perspective in specially with filmed scenes Happiness, Search for Japan from Man's Below areand resolves to make it more mean- '70 will actors, at the Pavilion at be featured which Japanese in Osaka, Expo Mormon ingful. The war is ugly, wasteful, Japan. The film answers the questions of everyman's search: Who am I? How did I

and unfortunate, but the sorrow it comeof Jesusto Christbe? Whereis thedidwayI cometo peacefrom?andAfterthe fullnessdeath, what?of everlastingIt points life.out that the gospel

causes is somewhat softened by the blessing of seeing better men, with spiritual strength and determination, rise out of the moral and physical rubble it causes.

The Church among the servicemen is organized into branches where possible and groups elsewhere. In Vietnam alone there are

60 to 70 organized groups, divided into three districts. Each district

is presided over by a district presidency and district council. It is a

testimony to see the caliber of men the Lord has provided for this district leadership: former bishops,

members of stake presidencies, members of bishoprics, high councilors, high priests, and others of great experience. Regular visits to

groups are made by district councilmen. Home teaching is done

where possible, and an extra visit is made in the event of enemy attack. Priesthood advancements are

taken care of regularly and temple recommends issued. For nearly

every Latterday Saint serviceman assigned to Asia, there is an oppor28

One of several popular Japanese youth choruses.

A Japanese Latterday Saint family visits a national monument.

Era, March 1970 29 Scenes from the Hong KongTaiwan Mission: Top photographs, members

perform in program at a branch party in Taiwan. Bottom,

local missionary called from Hong Kong passes out Christmas cards on street corner in Taiwan (right), while

Sister Huang, a district missionary, waits at the Kao Hsiung train station for her new companion (far right).

30 Era, March 1970 NOW AVAILABLE in response to many requests a reissue of one of the great books of the Church:

twelfth edition of GOSPELby PresidentSTANDARDSHeber J. Grant

A whole new generation of Church members will welcome the inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom of the seventh President of the Church in this vitally significant Church work.

Typical Excerpts

"Now 1 want to make all mistakes on the side "The Lord is no respecter of persons, and will of mercy. But once in a while 1 want to see give success to all who work for it. If 1 can

justice get just a little bit of a chance among only impress upon the minds of the youth of people."—Heber J. Grant Z+onof work,the 1eloquence,shall feel fullythe inexpressible eloquence repaid."—Heber J. Grant

"Gospel themes are elaborated; practical

questions of life discussed; wise suggestions

made; and more than forty of President

Grant's favorite spellbinding stories are retold. It will hold the interest of all to the last,

and will come to occupy an important place in Mormon literature."

Richard L. Evans

Price is only $4.95 postpaid

Order from

79S.State Salt Lake City, Utah 841 11

And at book dealers everywhere.

An Improvement Era publication

TheBcginnings in THAIIAM) By Craig G. Christensen

On November 2, 1966, Elder was no Church literature in the the Islam, Catholic, Protestant, and

Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council Thai language; not even the name Hindu faiths.

of the Twelve and a small group of the Church had been translated. The first crucial weeks were acof Latterday Saints from the BangThe elders relied on fasting and companied with a special blessing:

kok Branch assembled in Bangkok's prayer for guidance. Within one a young Thai man, Anan Eldredge,

Lumpini Park for the dedication of week, a translator for the six diswho had been adopted by an AmerThailand for the preaching of the cussions had been employed, and a ican Latterday Saint family living gospel. Subsequently, there follanguage school with Thai instrucin Thailand and had been subselowed a more than twoyear strugtors had been located. They began quently baptized, was sent to live

gle through the seemingly endless three weeks of intensive instruction with the elders to help them learn channels of Asian bureaucracy bein the Thai language. In the the language. With his help, they

fore the Church was incorporated in evenings, time was utilized by were able to conduct the first

Thailand November 1, 1967. tracting in the farang (foreign) Latterday Saint services entirely in

Upon receiving approval from the areas of Bangkok. The reactions of the Thai language in a mere five

First Presidency, and under the most Occidentals to the undertaking weeks after their arrival in Thaidirection of President Keith B. ranged from scorn to pity. "Your land. Six Thai investigators were

Garner of the Southern Far East failure is assured,"the elders were present. (At this writing, Brother

Mission, a vanguard of six elders told. "The Thais have a religion Anan, now an elder, is serving as

arrived in Bangkok on February 2, that is perfectly suited to them. the first fulltime native missionary

1968. A home to serve as their Don't try to change a contented in Thailand.)

living quarters was secured in the people with your western religion."The pressures and frustrations of

Bangkaoi section on Sukumvit The thrust of these opinions was the initial weeks were made more

Road. amplified when it was learned that endurable through the meeting of a

On Monday, February 5, Presithe first Protestant missionaries in very special individual. Dr. Gordon

dent Garner returned to the misThailand had labored 37 years be- M. Flammer of the Bangkok Branch

sion headquarters in Hong Kong. fore baptizing their first convert. introduced the elders to an intelliHis instructions to the missionaries Only in recent years had the entire gent Thai gentleman and his wife:

were short and explicit: learn the Bible been available in a Thai

Thai language and arrange to translation, and it had many flaws. Craigern FarC. EastChristensen,(Taiwan andformerThailand)Southhave the six missionary discussions According to estimates, 97 percent missionary, is presently pursuing a

translated. of Thailand is Buddhist, with the degreeBrighaminYounghistoryUniversity.and Chinese at

At the date of their arrival, there remaining portion divided among

Boonepluke and Rabiab Klaophin. May 15, 1968. It was the first bapfamily were then living in Korat,

Mr. Boonepluke (Thais use the tismal service held by the missionand he was again invaluable in

first name almost exclusively) was aries in Thailand. (When I left starting the work there. Korat, the

employed at the school where Dr. Thailand nine months later, he was third largest city in Thailand, has a

Flammer taught and had expressed serving as a counselor in the Bangpopulation of about 75,000. From

interest in the Church because of kok Thai Branch. the beginning, there was a special

his observation of the habits and It is obviously impossible to give spirit there, and the hand of the characteristics of its members. a detailed account of the conversion Lord was evident countless times in

Mr. Boonepluke had taught himof each member, but there are two the locating and conversion of those

self enough English to communicate others whose roles in the establishsouls whom he had prepared to reon a fairly technical level, so the ment of the Church in Thailand ceive the gospel. Within a short

missionaries began to teach him the should be noted. Brother Prasong time the Korat group had about

six discussions in English, and he in Sriveses, who was employed by the thirty regular attendees, and bapturn would translate for his wife. Thailand District president, Eugene tismal services were held monthly.

These meetings were very spiritual P. Till, listened to the six discusThe converts were from all walks of

experiences. His desire to learn the sions in "pidgin"Thai (as then life: students, military men, comgospel was intense. He literally spoken by the elders ) with a degree mon laborers, and two former

memorized each point in the disof comprehension that can only be Protestant ministers. The circumcussions and made certain he had explained as a gift of the Holy stances of their conversions were

thoroughly digested the material Ghost. Brother Prasong was bapalmost without exception dramatic

in each lesson before proceeding tized on June 12, 1968, and the foland miraculous. In a few months

to the next. He understood the siglowing week he was ordained a it was necessary to find a larger

nificance of prayer and made cerpriest and set apart as an assistant meeting place.

tain that his family had daily in the Sunday School superinThe elders have found it to be a prayers. He became a regular tendency. choice experience to work among

attendee at the weekly meetings A few weeks after arriving in the Thais. Their warmth and sinheld in the elders'home. AttenBangkok, two of the elders met an cerity are unmatched anywhere,

dance meant a onehour motorcycle extraordinary lady, Mrs. SrilakThey are quick to make friends and

ride with his wife and two children sanaa. Of noble ancestry, she was are generally humble and content

through the crowded streets of well educated and had traveled with their lives. They are quick to

Bangkok. His punctuality in a land extensively. She consented to listen smile and slow to anger. One who

where time is considered only in to the discussions, and through is acquainted with the Polynesian terms of "early"and "late"was prayer and study of the Book of temperament would not find it diftruly commendable. At length, Mormon, she gained a fervent testificult to understand the Thais.

Brother Boonepluke and his wife mony; she and her two daughters However, the Thais are tolerant of

were challenged to be baptized. were baptized July 4, 1968. Since religions to an unnerving degree,

Space does not allow a discusthat time, her eloquence and strong thus rendering attempts to teach sion of the ramifications of the Thai testimony have been invaluable in any one set of beliefs very often social structure. Suffice it to say the conversion of other Thai unfruitful. This particular diffithat a Thai man who rejects people. She has served the Church culty will likely be unsettling to

Buddhism is looked upon as someas a teacher of an investigators'missionaries in Thailand for years to what of a traitor, because Buddhism class and has assisted in translation come.

and the Thai government are inwork. In July 1968, President Garner

extricably related historically, cereIn June 1968 President Garner was released, and W. Brent Hardy

monially, and philosophically. Such was in Bangkok in conjunction with was set apart as the new mission

a person becomes a social outcast a district conference and was inpresident. Under his direction, the

in many circles and is almost certain spired to send two elders to the elders then laboring in Bangkok to bring disgrace upon his family, city of Nakorn Rajasima, better were assigned to revise and correct

Nevertheless, after much personal known as Korat, to begin missionthe then existing translations of the prayer and counsel from the misary work. They arrived on June 21, six missionary lessons. This proved

sionaries, Brother Boonepluke and and the following week regular to be a ponderous task, for the his wife were baptized and conSunday meetings were started, native Thai translators who had firmed members of the Church on Brother Anan Eldredge and his been hired were faced with two

Era, March 1970 33 major problems: ( 1 ) they were not They were quite curious as to why Where the waves beat themselves

familiar with the Church terminwe wanted the tape, but they sold white, ology and doctrine, and (2) the it to us anyway. Later we went Watch for the white man's ship.

Thai language makes no provision into a tape recording shop and They'll have the golden book.

for Christian concepts. For examplayed it. The narrator told how Take it.'

ple, "Savior"must be translated the Karens have a legend about a Continuing the journal excerpts:

"the Holy One who helps."To date, golden book which was given to "Upon arrival in Chiang Mai we

no suitable equivalent for the word their forefathers. They say that were speaking with some of the

"priesthood"has been discovered they lost this 'Book of Life'through taxi drivers and one of them gave us or coined. Thus, after only eight negligence. They also say that the name of a Mr. Thompson, who

months in Thailand, the Church some white men will bring it to was from the Karen tribe, but was was established in two cities, the them again. Here is the narration taken when just a child and brought

six missionary discussions had been as taken from that tape: 'The story up by Baptist missionaries. He

suitably translated, and a good of the Golden Book of Life has a works in a local bank, and is active translation of "Joseph Smith's Testilarge place in the traditions of the in the Baptist Church. The Lord

mony"was ready for publication. Karens. After Creation, God sowas really with us in that almost as

In December 1968, Elder Ezra journed with man for a while, then soon as we arrived back at the hotel,

Taft Benson of the Council of the returned to heaven to the company one of the workers there came to

Twelve visited Bangkok to attend a of His youngest son, a white man. our door, and even before we asked

quarterly district conference. DurUpon arriving in heaven, God gave she said she knew where Mr.

ing his visit, he was granted an the white man three books of life, Thomson lived and offered to take audience with the king of Thailand, one each for his children on earth. us there. We went with this little

and he presented him with a copy The books were delivered, and the lady on a bus and up a road on the of the Book of Mormon and a Thaiwhite brother took his leave to the other end of town that would have language copy of "Joseph Smith's west, promising to pay a return been almost impossible for us to

Testimony."visit someday. However, the Karen find on our own. Mr. Thompson

During that same district conIndians soon lost their golden book received us most kindly, and upon ference, President Hardy instructed through negligence and began request, related the tribe legend to two pairs of missionary companions wandering the pathway of animistic us a little bit differently than we to travel throughout northern Thaifears. With fervent expectation and had heard it before. He said there

land, in order to determine which hope, the Karen looks for the comwas a gold book and a silver book cities might be suitable for missioning of his white brothers with the which had been lost. The Baptists

ary work. In the northern provinces Golden Book of Life.'This longing had been teaching that one book

of Thailand dwell several hill helped open the way for early was the Bible and one was the hymn tribes whose culture, language, and Christian missionaries. It is little book. We told him about Joseph

traditions differ markedly from the wonder that the Bible has become Smith, the gold plates, and the

Thais who inhabit the lowlands. the touchstone of the Karen Church story of the Book of Mormon. He

The elders had heard of a tape and its faith."seemed impressed, but didn't really

recording that described some of The following is a translation of understand the import. But he did

these traditions. The following is a chant that has been handed down agree to pray about it. And we

taken from the journal of one of through the centuries among these told him we would go to his bank the missionaries, Elder Alan H. hill tribes: the following day and take him a

Hess: "The old men tell us, 'Children reBook of Mormon."

"After a while we decided to go member this: As one who witnessed the openin search of the people who sold Remember that the white foreigner ing pages of the history of the

the Karen hill tribe music tapes. will return the Golden Book. Church in Thailand, I believe that

All seemed to go without a hitch. When that happens, take the book, there is every reason to believe that

The post office gave us the address and take care of it. the words of Elder Hinckley in his

of the post office box number we If you don't it'll be lost, and then dedicatory prayer will be fulfilled:

had received. When we got to the there will be no hope at all. that tens of thousands of Thai

place, we found it to be the Baptist We're old, it's too late for us, but people will one day become memMission. They have done extenyou'll be there. bers of The Church of Jesus Christ

sive work among the hill tribes. Watch the sea for the big ship. of Latterday Saints. O

The EarlyMissions toBurma and Siam By Dr. R. Lanier Britsch

Early in the 1850s the leaders of Barber and Richey did not have the terested group of potential members

The Church of Jesus Christ of authority, the families wrote to Engof the Church, and he baptized four

Latterday Saints in Salt Lake City, land asking for someone to baptize people on June 22, 1851. The conEngland, and Europe became interthem. verts were Matthew McCune,

ested in the possibilities of estabAt about this same time two other Maurice White, and James Patric lishing missions in India, Siam requests for information and "livMeik and his wife, Mary Ann.

(modern Thailand), and China. ing witnesses"were received in Others were baptized in the next

This was a period of great expanEngland and on the continent. few days. Richard's visit to Calsion of missionary work, and the These requests came from soldiers cutta was brief, because he had

idea of a world church was in the in the British army who had heard signed on as a sailmaker in order minds of many church members. about the Church from friends in to gain passage to India; and when

At about the same time (DecemEngland. Within a few months he was unable to find a replacement

ber 1849), two young sailors, three missionaries were dispatched at Calcutta, he was forced to reGeorge Barber and Benjamin to India. The first was Elder turn to England. He ordained

Richey, were forced, because of Joseph Richards, who was sent Maurice White an elder and left needed ship repairs, to spend some from England by G. B. Wallace, him in charge of the "Wanderers'

time in Calcutta, India. They had the conference president. Elder Branch."

joined the Church just prior to Richards arrived in Calcutta in midThe second and third elders to sailing for India and had a desire June 1851. There he found an inIndia were sent by Lorenzo Snow,

to preach the gospel. They interested several English families in Dr. R. Lanier Britsch, assistant professor of history and associate coordinator

the Church. This was the first time dissertationof the Asian forStudiesClaremontProgram(California)at BrighamGraduateYoung University,School on wrotethe earlyhis doctoralChurch

the doctrines of Mormonism had missions to Burma and Siam.

been preached in India. Because

Era, March 1970 35 who was at that time president of Burma and Siam. However, the should be preached to all people,

the Swiss and Italian missions. second AngloBurmese War was and knowing that he could not

Elder William Willes landed in then in progress, and that route was teach the Burmese without a knowlCalcutta on December 25, 1851. closed. Chauncey W. West and edge of the language, he made arElder Hugh Findlay arrived in Benjamin F. Dewey tried several rangements with a native teacher

Bombay about the same time. times to find sea passage, but in and started learning the Burmese

Lorenzo Snow intended to go to the end, after visiting Ceylon and language. He also hoped that the

India shortly after sending Willes Bombay, they were forced because gospel could soon be preached to and Findlay, but because of other of bad weather in southeast Asian a group of hill people called the church duties and calls, he was waters to give up on their attempts Karens. He reported that the

never able to fulfill his desire. to reach Bangkok. Karens were "a people held in great

Elder Willes took charge upon Elders Luddington and Savage bondage by the Burmese; but who

his arrival in Calcutta and served decided that they would go to seem to be prepared for the Gospel, in India and Burma as a missionary Rangoon, Burma, to work. From having never been given up to

for several years. The first few there they hoped to find a way to idolatry, though surrounded with

months of his mission brought congo to Siam. They were encouraged it on all sides. They have amongst

siderable success. Word of this fact to go to Rangoon by reports that them many principles of truth,

motivated the First Presidency to had been sent to Church members handed down from father to son, call nine men to fill missions in in Calcutta from Matthew McCune, in their traditions; and are worIndia, four to go to Siam, and four who had been baptized in India, shippers of God."His desire that

to China. Although Elder Willes In August 1852, at the time when the Karens should be taught the

had sent encouraging letters connew missionaries were being called gospel was later fulfilled, but withcerning his success in India, the to Asia, Matthew McCune, who was out the success that he expected,

Church opened Siam and China by this time an elder in the Church, From August 1852 until January almost entirely on faith and hope. was sent by the British army to 1853, McCune and Adams worked

The missionaries chosen to go to Rangoon. He traveled with William diligently at teaching the gospel.

India were Nathaniel Vary Jones, Adams, also a sergeant, who was a They found that the excellent atAmos Milton Musser, Samuel Amos member of the Church and held tendance at their first lecture did

Woolley, Richard Ballantyne, Robthe office of teacher in the Aaronic not prove to be a forecast of things ert Skelton, William Fotheringham, Priesthood. They arrived in Ranto come, and they were soon happy

William F. Carter, Truman Leongoon on August 17. to have any investigators, no matter

ard, and Robert Owens. Called Eager to teach Mormonism to how small the number. They placed

to Siam were Elam Luddington, other members of their military handbills and announcements in

Levi Savage, Chauncey Walker unit, they decided to hold lecture public places, but their signs were

West, and Benjamin F. Dewey. meetings each Tuesday and Thurstorn down and their handbills deThe story of the wagon journey day evenings. The first lecture was stroyed. Nevertheless, by January

to California and the voyage to held on August 23, and 20 people 1853, eight soldiers had been

Calcutta is a saga in itself, but it attended. The two brethren were baptized.

must suffice to say that it was long delighted. They did not limit One problem that arose was in

and hard. The missionaries, who themselves to the Tuesday and not having books and information

had been called on August 28, Thursday meetings; they also held to give investigators and converts,

1852, and who had left Salt Lake regular Sunday meetings and disMcCune wrote to Calcutta and reCity late in October, arrived in tributed tracts and literature during quested copies of the Book of

Calcutta on April 26, 1853. The their offduty hours. Their first Mormon and other literature, but

Siambound elders had gone to lecture meeting had been held in the supplies were slow in coming.

Calcutta with the India group, McCune's tent, but soon they were This same problem arose from time because separate passage to Bangable to arrange for a Burmese house to time in other parts of the mission, kok was not available. These four in which to live and teach. To have material sent from Engmen set their minds on reaching At first the two men devoted most land was expensive and timetheir destination, but in the end of their energy to teaching military consuming.

only one of them ever set foot on personnel, but soon they became Elder McCune was transferred

Siamese soil. Their intention had interested in the Burmese people, by his military superiors from Ranbeen to travel overland across Elder McCune felt that the gospel goon to Martaban in late 1852, and

by the first part of 1853, he was up to $42,000 scheduled to move into the field ofcombat. From January to August cross profit...

1853, he was on active military...potential a year... with an investment of $3200 for a typical franduty, continuing his work as a mischise area of 200,000 population. TransWorld Enterprises, marketing

sionary while in the field with his specialists, are seeking ambitious, capable people to handle franchised distributorships of highlymarketable consumer products. Choice

company. After his company had franchise areas of from 100,000 to 1,000,000 or more population are

left Martaban, it marched for six currently available in the U.S. and Canada. The greater the population

weeks through the Sitang Valley. costsin yourarefranchisedat the ratearea,of the$1600greaterfor eachthe earnings100,000 ofpotential!populationFranchisein an

During this time McCune was area. Products now available for distribution include:

teaching the gospel, and he was a chemical refrigerant pack called Ice-O-Magic, used in able to baptize one man while on ice chests by campers, fishermen, picnickers, tourists. Just

the sixweek trek. addfor 12waterhoursandor more.Ice-O-Magic drops to 14F and stays frigid

At the end of the movement, the a new, delicious, quickcooking snack product called "Martaban column"stopped for Snack-O's, dehydrated chips that fluff up in just seconds two months at a town called Shootherin a deepproductsfryer towillbecomebe forthcomingdelicious snacks.—all for the onetime

waygheen. While there McCune cost of the franchise.

was "fortunate enough to obtain use For information on this excellent opportunity, write or call:

of a phonghee -house, that is, the house of the Buddhist priests, to Kent H. Swensen or Glenn R. Frandsen

P.O. Box 393 10941 Cochran Avenue

live in, and I made a chapel of it, Orem, Utah 84057 Riverside, California continuing our meetings for preach- (801) 2253314 (714) 6893577 ing, the same as on the march."

In a short time, however, he was turned out of this place by the military authorities. He set up

chapels three times, but each time was told to leave. The following is

his description of the third displacement:

"I then obtained permission of 9RE55 the engineering officer to take possession of an imagehouse on the top of a hill, beside a pagoda. This

house was filled at one end with large gilt images—the gods of the

poor Burmese. This I ivalled in

with mats, and I had a floor of wood put in it for me, by the kind engineer officer, and here I again 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104commenced preaching the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. But I had Call (801) 4861892

not held possession more than a fortnight, when I was again warned Layout and Design Typography to turn out, as the authorities rePhoto-typographyriiuiuiypugrapriy * t-iiriugrdprni,Lithographic Offsetwiisei quired to build a magazine for Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations

Shipping and Mailingpowder round the pagoda, the wall ) Binderyof which magazine, they said, would have to run through my chapel. They commenced pulling

down just sufficient of the roof to render the building uninhabitable, and then stopped. 1 moved into my

Era, March 1970 37 tent, with the feeling deeply imtion had been too great for the new passage on the Fire Queen, which pressed on my mind that my work convert who had been left in was bound for Rangoon. This voywas done at Showaygheen."charge. McCune was, of course, age, the first of two attempts to

During the time that McCune disappointed to find affairs in this sail to Burma, nearly took the lives was able to hold meetings in the state, but he was soon given hope of the persons on board. Because

various houses in Showaygheen, he by the arrival of two American of a severe storm, they were forced baptized two more men. In August, missionaries, Elders Luddington to turn back to Calcutta. Elder

when he arrived in Rangoon, he and Savage. Amos Musser, a missionary who was

found that the little branch there On June 15, 1853, Elam Luddingstationed in Calcutta, described the had become inactive. The persecuton and Levi Savage had taken return of Elders Luddington and

Savage "While at dinner Brother Ludfrom Spoken TemWord"in, prein an dington came awful over ple Square, presented KSL dirty, [sic] close dicament, hat Broadcasting the The "Theand Columbia size, etc., etc. The SpokenWord System December 14, 1969.1969 duced to 2/3 the reship they started to Rangoon in,

three days after they left here she sprung a leak and they had been

Infinite kindness hailing and pumping water night and day ever since. They throwed

By Richard L. Evans all their cargo overboard and gave

RedsaidBarbera manremindsmust haveus if ofhe onewereoverallto marryqualityone ofthattheBranchfamousRickeybasethemselvessigned themselvesup to theforLorda andwateryreball manager's daughters. Well, one could imagine a long list of all grave. They throwed all of the

the virtues and attributes that would be required: honor, ambition, talstores overboard, but the Lord deent, money, social acceptance, and all the others. But the one quality livered them safe. This trial came

absolutely required was this: infinite kindness. 1 Kindness might seem to in exact fulfilment of what Brother

be secondary, but it quickly broadens out on a wide base. If a person Woodruff told us before we left

is sincerely kind, he wouldn't deceive, he wouldn't hurt, he wouldn't home in the mountains. He said the

make unhappy. If a person is sincerely kind, he wouldn't disappoint a spirit whispered to him that some

loved one by being dishonest, disloyal, unfaithful. Immorality is not of us would have great trials at sea,

kind—not to others or ourselves. Dishonesty is not kind—not to anyetc., etc"

one. Lack of support, lack of encouragement, lack of cooperation are After a little over a month in dry

not kind. Infinite kindness includes consideration, compassion, loyalty dock, the Fire Queen was once

—and increases love. Oh, how many hearts have been broken, how again ready to sail. When Elders

many lives have been blighted by the cruelty of unkindness! Yet how Luddington and Savage arrived in

many marriages have been saved, how many sorrows softened by the Rangoon, they began holding meetquality of kindness! Kindness would respect, care for, comfort. Kindings on the same schedule that had

ness would bring people closer. Kindness would hallow a home, even been followed by McCune and

in the presence of many problems. The Master of mankind spoke Adams. The location of the meetsharply at times, and rebuked as occasion required, but it is not reings was changed, however, to a

corded that he was unkind ever to a sincere or repentant person. One place within the military stockade,

wouldn't want a son, a daughter, a child committed in any way to "near the great Shirahdong Paanyone who was cruel or unkind. Kindness would surely have to be goda."The meetings were well

high among the qualities of a husband, a wife, a child, a parent, or attended.

any acceptable person. Infinite kindness—it could save a marriage. It In a letter to President Richards

could bring out the best; it could cover for many other qualities. in England, Elder Luddington told

"Oh, the kind words we give shall in memory live of the success he was having in

And sunshine forever impart. preaching on the government wharf

other; us Let to oft speak each kind words told of in Rangoon. one meeting He

heart."the tones of Kind are sweet words 2 in "to spoke which he Burmese,

'Red Barber, Walk in the Spirit: Mr. Rickey. The Dial Press, Inc. Bengalese, Malays, Brahmins of

Joseph L. Townsend, "Let Us Oft Speak Kind Words."different castes, Mussulmen, Ar38 Era, March 1970

These are the will peoplewho help you install the Baldwin O600

When we sell you the C-600, you are also buychase of an organ, consider the Baldwin ing the services of a team of organ installation C-600. Consider, too, that the only way

specialists. These men are engineers, musicians, you may expect superior musical results

and acoustical experts. They will go over from any church organ is to have it

your building thoroughly, and recomproperly installed. And this is somemend an installation to fit the architecthing you can count on from

tural design. An appraisal of the best Baldwin. If you'd like more inforacoustical arrangement will be made. mation on the C-600, write to:

They will make sure it's installed Baldwin Piano & Organ Company, properly; that it sounds the way it P.O.Box2525,Dept. IE M-0 3, Cincinshould. We believe the Baldwin nati, Ohio 45201.

C-600 to be the finest electronic church organ built. For your sake—BALDWINThe sound investmentand ours—we want everything to be

right. If you're thinking about the purthe finest,

3 manual electronic organ built.

CONFERENCE menians, Jews, and gentiles."Trail and his wife were, in fact, the SPECIALS

In the meantime, Elder Savage only converts in Bangkok. LuddingTRIPLE COMBINATION decided that he would branch out ton, however, did have some exon his own. He felt that he would periences that were rather unusual.

be happier if he went to work with He called on the Siamese Minister

Complete 33% LP albums the Burmese. On September 28, of Foreign Affairs, and at the conIndexed. Quicklearn

references. 1853, he left Rangoon and went to clusion of the onehour conversa-

$101.40 VALUE Moulmein, across the Gulf of tion, the minister asked him

if bought Martaban, where he remained for whether the prophet of God would separately some months, spending a great part come to Bangkok. On another

of his time attempting to learn the occasion he was requested to write letter to the king of Siam. He$89.95 BurmeseBy Januarylanguage.1854, Elder Luddingareported

FREE ton, with the assistance of Elder "I have written a long letter to

WITH OFFER McCune, had been able to baptize the king—To His Most Gracious

$3.98 Sacred Song Album two more soldiers into the Church. Majesty Phrabat Somdet Pra Chom

CHOICE OF The Joseph Smith Story But the work was moving slowly, Klaw Chao Ya llua, sovereign of

Narrated by for in the year and a half that Laos, at his request. He being deCharles Freed McCune had been in Rangoon, only sirous to knoio something about the

ten persons had become members. gold plates, I gave him a brief

LEARN AND TEACH this pleasant, THE GOSPEL Because of the lack of progress in synopsis of the same. He is about

way. easy Reference Use with Guide furnished

album. Crossreferenced with band on record. Rangoon, and because Luddington fifty years old, and has a family

Credit Card Terms Available still had a desire to fulfill his misof several hundred wives, and chilsion call to Siam, he sailed from dren without number."

OTHER Rangoon for Singapore on February In March 1854, Elder William

INSPIRATIONAL GIFT IDEAS 3, 1854, arriving at Pulo Penang, Willes, the second missionary to

OF BOOK or Prince of Wales Island, in late India, who by this time had been MORMON February. After a stay there of five given his choice to stay in India or Goldvinyl edition.

the days, during he preached which to go to Rangoon decided go home, records 35 LP (TCT CA in again, this time gospel, to to he sailed 2 Albums.... $D/.3U help Elder was McCune, who

DOCTRINE & COVENANTS Singapore. From there he took now working alone in that city.

17Record Album.... passage on a ship bound for BangElder Willes added a great deal of

JQ9 Q1 kok, arriving there April 6, 1854. A enthusiasm to the Burma Mission

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE few weeks later he wrote to the during the six months he stayed 4- Record Album $ 1 fl QR Saints in England; "I am following there. He baptized 20 persons and

NEW TESTAMENT my calling at this time in the jungles opened a school to teach the Eng26 Records. 2 Albums.. of Siam, far from a civilized nation, lish language. He used the money $44.95 and surrounded on the one hand by that he earned in teaching English

JESUS THE CHRIST wild savages, and by wild beasts to pay for his passage home to 29 Records. 2 Albums.. $4995 on the other."England.

BIBLE STORIES In Bangkok, Elder Luddington In August 1854, when Elder

Fully dramatized. Musical held meetings whenever possible. Willes had been in Rangoon for six

backgrounds. 8 Records (p % a nr His first service was held on April months, he wrote that the work had

(16 stories) SET.... vpA4\jD 9 at the home of Captain James slowed down a great deal. At that

Many other favorite albums Trail, the skipper of the ship in time Nathanial V. Jones, president

M.99 and up which he had sailed to Bangkok. of the mission, once again invited

Many albums and speeches After hearing Luddington's words, Willes to take his leave whenever available on casette tapes the captain and his wife asked for he felt so inclined. Apparently the

baptism and were baptized that work had also slowed down to a

See your record dealer or night. standstill in Calcutta, for President

Unfortunately, the remainder of Jones decided to go to Burma for a H

CfivQianT didEldernotLuddington'syield such rewards.mission Captainto Siam inwhile.a letter,His wastrip admittedlythere, as heatwritesleast

RECORDINGS INC.

1470 So. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone: 801 - 4871096 40 Era, March 1970

c/Er Specialyourselfto Europe and save up to 50 percent!

You actually can save up to 50 percent on a tour of Europe because you go Air Special on TIA group charter rates.

Two hundred and fifty members of a New York City organization recently toured London, Paris and Rome for three weeks for just $395 per person. This low prorated price covered air fare, hotel accommodations, ground transportation and sightseeing. Explore the great religious centers of Europe or you can save with TIA to other destinations as

well. A visit to the Orient and India has been made by a charter group for only $650 per

person. There's nothing sacrilegious about saving. Leave from anywhere. Go to anywhere. You'll save as much as 50 percent (even more in winter) because you travel

on group instead of individual fares. You'll travel with your own affinity group,

people who share your own interest, professional, recreational, educational or otherwise. But keep in mind, a group tour can be as personal and private

an adventure as you wish to make it. What's more, you'll enjoy

superb food and gracious inflight amenities because you're flying

TIA, the world's largest vacation charter airline. Now

if you're ready to go, simply contact TIA or your travel agent. It's easy

to organize a tour because we have TIA Tour Consultants, brochures, and many exciting sales tools to help you assemble the group.

Fill out the coupon and let's get this vacation off the ground!

in part for the purpose of getting desires and anticipations that we Buddhists, and those who are not away from Calcutta. When he arshould find a people that would do not worship anything—they have

rived in Rangoon, he worked with receive our testimony. The first no correct idea of God at all.

the elders there for a few days and night set us far beyond the reach Brother Savage told them who we then sailed across the Gulf of Martaof the European population, in the were, and the nature of our mesban to Moulmein, to see Elder midst of the swarming multitudes sage. It was a new train of thought,

Savage. Savage had by this time that inhabit this country. That night and such a burst of new ideas upon

been in Moulmein for about a year we stopped in a Karen village, their contracted minds, that they and had devoted his attentions to which we reached some time after could not comprehend it at all.

the native people. He was becomnightfall, in not a very agreeable They will not understand that we

ing quite fluent in the Burmese lancondition, for I had the misfortune know anything of the God whom we worship, only in the same manner that they do—that is, by some

"1 told the captain that the man, kingdom, fabulous legend or tradition like their own. They know nothing of

or nation that fought against the Saints.. the past, only by tradition; which

forms the leading feature in their should go backward and not forward, character, and I think it is more firmly reveted upon their minds should sink and not swim,'"replied the elder than any other people's in the world; in fact all Asiatics partake

more or less of this spirit, it is interwoven with their very existence, guage; however, he had not made just before night to get an overturn, and it is almost a thing impossible

any conversions to the Church. by which I was enabled to judge to make any inroad upon them.

Because Elder Jones felt that Savcorrectly the depth of the water, They are indeed a strange sect, and age could be helpful to him, he took which I found to be several feet. it is like commencing with the raw

him back to Rangoon. We, however, made the best of it material to do anything with them,

In addition to his desire to get for the night, and by morning my for they must be remodeled away from Calcutta, Jones was clothes were partly dry. But with throughout, and there seems so

also interested in supervising the the daylight came a strange and little to commence upon that it is

Rangoon Branch and seeing whethmagic view, to American eyes—difficult to begin the work of

er he could give the elders encourwhole community of villages upon creation."

agement in their work there. posts from six to ten feet above the As they traveled from village to

Another purpose was to visit the water. They looked like the invillage, Elders Jones and Savage

Karens. After returning to Rangoon habitants of Neptune, that had just found the Karen people to be much

from Moulmein, Elder Jones stated: emerged from the watery element. alike in their beliefs and reactions

"We then began to make preparaAn old adage came to mind with to the gospel. Although they were

tions for our trip amongst the much force, which was, that 'one disappointed by their lack of sucKarens. We tried to get some conhalf of the world do not know how cess, the elders still felt that the

veyance by land, but soon learned the other half live.'This is literally Burmese and Karen people were the

that in consequence of the incessant true...."finest Asiatics they had worked

rains that prevail here six months Elder Jones was interested in the with.

of the year, an overland trip was way the Karen people lived, but he Upon their return to Rangoon, no way practicable, having to cross was most concerned with their reElder Jones went back to Calcutta;

mullahs (ravines), and low strips of ligious views. He hoped that the Elder Savage, who was working on

land which were in all probability reports that they had a belief in a translation of The Vision of inundated. As a last resort, we God would prove to be true. Joseph Smith into the Burmese lancame to the conclusion to hire a "In their religious views we did guage, decided to stay in Rangoon

boat which we did for four English not find the people as represented. for a while longer.

shillings per day. We then provided They do not worship the 'Great In the meantime, Elder Willes

ourselves with the needful for the Spirit,'as the missionaries have sailed on a ship bound for Pulo campaign, and set off buoyant with stated. Very many of them are Penang, from where he planned to

find a ship that was going to the on board was as silent as the charwest coast of America, but in this nal house of death. We struck

he was not successful. A captain three or four times on those rough

then gave him the opportunity to go and pointed rocks, and our hopes to Singapore. He later found that were almost gone, and death stared

he had been offered passage so us in the face, but thank the Lord, "that he might assist him [the capHe sent to our relief an unusually tain] and the crew in defending large wave, which carried us over them from the piratical Malays, the rock into deep water. We

who infest the Straits of Malacca."manned the pumps, and sounded

Fortunately there was not an the water in the hold, and found attack from the Malays, and Willes the vessel made one inch of water reached Singapore safely. There every three minutes, or 20 inches

he was surprised to find Elder per hour. Our spirits groaned withLuddington, who had been working in us. It was a time of deepest

in Bangkok, but who was "about distress. I felt that my mission had

the same as mobbed out."Luddingbeen according to the will of heavton wrote of their meeting: en, and I could not but ask, "Father,

"Brother Willes spent four days must I leave my body here?"But

with me, which was like balm to I felt, 'Thy will, O Lord, be done.'

a wounded spirit, or water to a "I had a little hope that we might thirsty man. When I was hungry, save ourselves in our boats, but to

he took me to the bazzar [sic], and our terror the captain informed us bought me a loaf of bread and a that the inhabitants of Paliwon Isbowl of soup with a few vegetables land were all cannibals. The island

and China fixings."Even though is not far from Borneo....

the elders would have preferred "Our gallant brig was bound for staying together longer, Willes Shanghai, and the captain was de made arrangements to sail to Livertermined to run her into that port, pool, England, on the ship Gazelle, if possible to save expense, otherand so they parted on October 14, wise we might have put into 1854. Manilla, which would have been

Elder Luddington soon sailed far better.

from Singapore. On December 10, "Here commenced the epoch—

1854, he wrote to President Franktrouble, sorrow, sickness, pain vitulin D. Richards, telling of his experation, and abuse. I was sick and

periences at sea: had to stand in the water at the

"I arrived in this place [Hong brake of the pump morning and

Kong] on the morning of the first night, to keep us afloat, and save instant, after a long and sickening our lives, with however little hopes.

voyage of 35 days from the Straits We were for 15 days in a gale of Pure elegance of line, cut and design, this of Malacca, or Singapore. We put wind.... Sometimes we carried on Special Session Dress is beautifully tradiin here in distress. I was a pasmountain waves, and then again tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly

senger on hoard the Prince Woronthrust down into the great abyss created for both slender and full figures.

free. flowing belted or Adnewly Wearzoff from Edinburgh, Scotland. of waters, in the troughs of the sea,

.. zipper lace collar back justable. hidden

"On the ninth day out, 15 miles expecting at times to be buried, as... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and

to the westward of Paliwon Isthe vessel often shipped seas which lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E.

land... fust before dawn of day, on swept the decks fore and aft. I was Matching Slip. 30

Saturday the 4th of November, in sick, and my body was born down $22.00 to 38. *6245. $10.00

a heavy fog and rain, our clipper with pain from costiveness and the struck with great violence on a general disorganized state of my

Local Your See coral rock. reef, system. or sunken The Consultant Voy's Le A or

allcaptain ordered port helm, and "All this toas but trifling. Said Mail or M.O. Check

Postpaid in U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Era, March 1970 43 the captain, 'Ah! you are the Judas, iVeafak/ tfwm your religion is of the devil, you

every dance is a must forThis giant 330 page book director and will turn dances into successful, enterought to be put to death, and if taining social affairs. Jesus toas now on the earth, you

Involves those on the sidelines would put him to death.'

Promotes mixing and changing partners "'No,'I replied, 'We are his

Provides fun for both young and old friends, and not his enemies'The

Explains hundreds of games and dance steps. persecution came hotter and hotter.

After reading Elder Spender's letAlma Heaton ters, the captain said that he was a

Nationally recognized liar, for he condemned everybody recreational dance authority. Member—and everything but his own order.

YMMIA General Dance Committee. I told the captain that the man,

kingdom, or nation that fought against the Saints of Latterdays, should go backward and not forward, should sink and not swim.

"We passed Formosa Island two days out in the Pacific Ocean. The

NOW JUST leak increased, and caused alarm, and we turned our course and,1 Send check to stood for Amoy. The storm came

BYU PUBLICATION SALES on again, accompanied with thun205 University Press Building

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601 der and lightning, the clouds gathered blackness, the elements became furious, and the seas again swept our decks; we then put into Hong

Kong. After running within threeARE YOU days'sail of Shanghai, we were

driven back 700 miles to the very place where I wanted to land 35OVER 65?

days before."

in A Special Service For LeisureToursToursforTravel1970 Club Elder Luddington remained

Hong Kong a few days, recovering day California TemOakland-Los Anfrom his seasickness, and then Our Older Friends Mar. 16—Sevenple Tour

geles Tour San Francisco, started looking for a free passage

Castle National HearstGranite and Bank now provides Hollyto California. In midDecember he per person. without wood.checking account convenience $99.00

cost to our friends 65 years of age June 13—Five day Cardston Temple was able to sail on the ship Lucas,

and for San Francisco.

essary over.—noNo limitminimumto size.balanceBanknecby $140.00.Canadian Rockies Tour. bound

we'll the postage pay In Rangoon, Eldermail, and conSavage day Cardston Temboth July 4—Twelve Tell friends and relatives yourways. ple Rockies Canadian Patinued the to preach gospel until

it.about cific Tour. Northwest

$195.00. late in 1855; then he traveled to

July 25—Seventeen day Palmyra Calcutta, from where he embarked

cities. Pageant and Eastern

his for Boston. Elder and McCune $265.00. CHECKING until in remained Rangoon Parade Temple Tours and Rose Tours family

only. for fee Membership members 1856, when he was discharged from ACCOUNTS Call for per year. or write $1.00

the missionaries, of these army. All itineraries.WITHOUT CHARGE later including lived in McCune, Leisure Tours Travel Club

Salt 34 Richards St.,

Phone 3637922 Lake City, Utah 84101 thethe SaltMcCunesLake Valley.left RangoonFrom the untiltime

only recently, the Church did not

NATIONAL BANK have an officially recognized mis2265 HIGHLAND DRIVE sion in Southeast Asia. O

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 PHONE 4862101 44 Era, March 1970 *W

IN BE

road shows, special TO High in the rugged and snowcapped youth,YOUNGthe Church, especially through Speech festivals,

Andes Mountains and at the base of the Mutual Improvement Associations, district sporting events such as volley21,000foot Mt. Illimani lies the beautioffers the youth opportunities to grow ball and baby football (a soccer game

ful city of La Paz, Bolivia. Founded and develop along many lines. For usually played on a basketball court),

in a natural canyon in 1548 by the some of the youth, these activities and the general activities give young

Spaniards, who wished to protect themoffer the only social association they members and nonmembers the opporselves from the icy winds that sweep have. tunity they need to progress and better

across the 13,000foot altiplano, or The MIA programs are an effective themselves, both spiritually and men high plain, La Paz is the home of some missionary tool for the youth in bringtally.

150 young Mormons. ing the gospel to their peers. The deDating customs in Bolivia for the

In a developing country such as sire of the young Bolivian members to youth of the Church are different from

Bolivia, where progress is slow and participate and develop is without those in many other countries. Usually

many modern conveniences are not to equal. Many of them dedicate most of the young man must visit the home of

be found, The Church of Jesus Christ their spare time to the Church and its the girl's parents to ask their permisof Latterday Saints plays an important growth, and most of each Saturday's sion for a date with their daughter.

role in the lives of its young people. daylight hours are spent participating Their dates may include attending

In an area where few or no organized in organized tournaments and athletic such events as movies, soccer matches, activities are generally offered to contests. and other sporting events; trips to

:',:.

fe

f la bI|||| I if mae Ssd s I Lake Titicaca, the highest navigable Most Bolivian youth begin attendthe number of students who work partlake in the world, or to Chacaltaya, the ing school at the age of five or six and time while attending school is very highest ski resort in the world; or piccontinue their schooling until 18 or small.

nics at the ancient ruins of Tiahuanacu, 19. The schools are government conMost of the youth who belong to

which date back to the prelnca period. trolled and organized. Many schools the Church in Bolivia have a very imAnother date is a group party called a offer programs to people in the rural portant role in the Church's growth and

pena Fo/k/or/'ca, where everyone is reareas, where some of the better studevelopment. They give service in the

quired to dress in typical Bolivian cosdents spend days in the campo, or auxiliary organizations and missionary tumes, and typical dances and folk country, teaching their fellow Bolivians work. They hold such positions as

music are presented. how to read and write and how to dance directors, branch counselors,

Many of the members date nonbetter their present living conditions presidents, superintendents, and counmembers, since the Church membership and way of life. This program attracts selors of the MIA and the Primary, or

is rather small. This gives them a many of our Mormon youth and gives class teachers.

chance to bring the gospel into the them an opportunity to serve their In a number of branches, the Prilives of friends by their example. Enfellow Bolivians, 70 percent of whom mary and the MIA organizations are

tire families have been brought into are still illiterate. made up of young members, and in

the Church because of the influence of Education in Bolivia is free, includBolivia we are blessed with some of young members. ing the universities; and, as a result, the finest. By Dee Talbot

The door of the moon with Canoeing on the highest lake Olga Sainz and Monica Barrios its new, modernday Incas. in the world are Eduardo visit with a poor altiplano

Left to right, Virginia Ausa, Sanabria, Virginia Ausa, Olga farmer, whom they are teachErnesto Caste/, Soraida Sainz, Sainz, and Ernesto Sanabria. ing to read. In the background

Monica Barrios, Elsa Sainz, are typical Bolivian adobe

O/ga Sainz, Eduardo Sanabria, Gonzalo Aliaga is asking the houses.

and Cecilia Barrios. On top parents of Christina Vazquez

of the door are Nets Quiroz, for permission to date their

Hugo Castel, and Ernesto Sanadaughter. Young Bolivian men

bria. are required to visit the girl's

family before permission is given for a date.

Era, March 1970 47 LDc By J. Marvin Higbee

After watching a man being beaten nearly to death, a bystander, when asked why he didn't do anything to stop the crime, said, "I just didn't want to get involved. They might have turned on

Anyway, it wasn't any of my business. That's

why we have the cops to take care of things like this!"We say, "Isn't that terrible? That would never

happen to me!"But I wonder if, in another way,

we too are uninvolved. Some reports claim only

two percent of the students on college campuses are what are termed "activists."The other 98

percent are uninvolved in the "activist"movements. What are they doing?

Some become involved in campus affairs; most

don't. Some become involved in civic affairs;

most don't. Generally speaking, the other 98 percent are doing little. They are not involved.

They stand by and watch while ideas, institutions, and people are destroyed, and decisions that affect them are made without the benefit of their thinking. Many Latterday Saint college and university

students are right in the middle of the uninvolved 98 percent.

Some of this uninvolvement on the part of

Latterday Saints comes because of fear, misunderstanding, or complacency, or because they are not prepared or motivated to become involved.

The Lord never intended for us to isolate ourselves from the world. In John 17:15 he very

specifically says, "I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil."He seems to be saying

that we must live in the world and struggle with the problems of the world, but not become "of the world."In other words, we need to be involved

in the world and help with the solutions to the problems of the world. We need not isolate ourselves; rather, we should insulate against their

negative influence. The Latterday Saint college

Something

and university students of today need to become 6. Prepare yourself for positions in student

involved. In this day more than ever, the people government and organizations on campus and

of the world need help. They need to know the then seek those positions.

gospel principles not only in word but also in 7. Become involved in the institute of religion,

action. I'm not suggesting only proselyting or but don't isolate yourself behind its walls.

attempting to convert people, but rather extending 8. Develop an attitude of extending yourself

ourselves, and through us the gospel, by applying beyond the limits of the Church doors.

its principles through involvement in campus, 9. Let your voice be heard, but let it be in

civic, social, and political affairs. gentleness and patience. Someone said, "All things

There may be those of us who fear the world's come to him who prepares himself with patience."

close scrutiny of certain doctrines and policies of 10. You may not be able to do much, but you

the Church; and thus, rather than becoming incan do something, so do it! There are numerous

volved and attempting to answer the difficult other things that can be done, and if you let your questions, we isolate ourselves. This fear may be imagination run and listen to the cries of mankind

understandable, but fear should never be a basis with your heart, you will know what to do.

for lack of involvement. In Edna St. Vincent MilAs we become more involved with ideas, prolay's "Aria De Capo,"Corydon said to Thyrsis, grams, political theories, and the civil rights of

"One of us needs to risk... or don't you see, the mankind, let's consider this very meaningful

game will go on forever."We can never hope to thought. It is taken from The Book of Tao, which

explain all things to all people, but we can apply was written over 2,500 years ago by the ancient the principles of Christianity in our relationships Chinese philosopher, Lao Tzu. He wrote: "When

with all people. living, man is supple and yielding; when dead,

Here are some suggestions as to how a Latterman is hard and stiff. When living, all animals

day Saint student might become involved in camand plants are soft and pliant; when dead, they are

pus, civic, social, and political affairs and thus, withered and brittle. Thus, being inflexible and

through the way he conducts himself, extend the unyielding is part of dying, being flexible and gospel to many who would otherwise never have yielding is a part of living."

been aware of it. The essence of this statement is "listen."We

1. Commit yourself to becoming involved. need to be sensitive to others'points of view. One

2. Pick out one issue or problem you see, beof the great dangers of "having the truth"is the

come informed, and then do something. tendency not to search for further truth or be

3. Write a letter to the editor of your school willing to listen to others as they explain how they

paper when you don't agree with what is happensee it.

ing on or off campus, or even if you do agree. Being flexible and yielding does not mean to

4. Become aware of the needs of those in the discard standards and beliefs, but rather, while

ghettos and in the educationally and socially deholding tightly to these truths, to be willing to prived areas. continue the search by being sensitive to the Lord,

5. Become involved in social service groups. to the needs of mankind, drawing from their exVolunteer to help in any way you can, whether periences, and acting upon what we see and hear

you feel qualified or not. that is good. o

Era, March 1970 49 an interesting HERITAGE By Joseph S. Wood

YMMIA General Board.

Athletic Committee

Monday, March 9, marks thebasketb beginning day of the 1970 fiveday allChurch basketball tournament in Salt Lake City. Thirtytwo M-Men

teams will be competing in the senior division, while 32 Ensign teams will be striving for championship in the junior division. This

large gathering of teams will represent all sections of the United

States as well as Alberta, Canada.

These 64 teams survived their stake league play and their zone playoffs in order to reach the coveted allChurch tournament.

They are the teams remaining out of a total of approximately 4,400 that began stake competitions a few weeks ago. Without question,

this makes the Church's basketball program the largest organization of basketball competition in all the world.

How did this program get started? Like most things that are

large and expansive, it once was a struggling and tiny beginner. It

was far back in 1906 that the MIA leaders of Ensign Stake in Salt

Lake City began to talk seriously of adding a regular athletic activity for the benefit of the Junior Department of the Mutual program.

The movement was particularly suited to the 20th Ward of that stake, where the president of the

Junior Department gave a pennant for the winner of the two basketball teams in the ward. Each

team selected its own officers, and the winning of the pennant was to be based upon points for MIA came officially known as M Men.

attendance as well as recruitment Immediately following the 1922 of new members. The teams were tournament, the superintendents

named Green and Purple, and a met again with the representatives great deal of interest was aroused of the M Men themselves, and it by this new experiment. was decided to continue the basBy the spring of 1908 all of the ketball activity but to organize it

wards in the Ensign Stake had on a more definite foundation, givteams participating in a stake ing special attention to eligibility basketball league. The 20th Ward and officiating. This first formal

lost only one game of the first 11 meeting was held in the fall of games they played. On April 15, 1922, at which time the first con1908, before 300 spectators in the stitution of the M Men Basketball

20th Ward annex, that ward deLeague was drawn up.

feated the 18th Ward team by a In 1929 the MIA general board score of 28 to 23 in the game that took over the administration and decided the stake championship. supervision of the basketball proThe athletic activity continued gram. It was becoming evident

to grow in other ward MIAs until that this was a program that would 1916, when the suggestion was spread to an allChurch basis, bemade in a general board meeting cause it was an activity of popular that basketball be discontinued beappeal that promoted wholesome cause athletics were being adopted recreational association and clean by the high schools; for the next living among its participants.

six years basketball was not a part From 1922 to 1970 the basketof the Mutual activity at all. ball program has grown steadily

In September 1921, John D. and constantly—each year becomGiles, who was at that time supering larger and greater than in the

intendent of the Ensign Stake MIA, past. There has been a steady

called together the stake superinparade of good teams and fine tendents of Granite, Liberty, Pioyoung men striving for a coveted neer, Salt Lake, and Ensign stakes championship—the allChurch.

to discuss the possibilities of basOne thing is certain: March 9,

ketball competition, with a tourna1970, marks the beginning of the ment among the stake champions greatest allChurch tournament Pi to be held the following spring. He ever held.

was chairman of this first tournaBut it is also rather certain ment. that its success will be surpassed

At approximately this same time a year later. That seems to be

the age group for young men bethe way the allChurch tournatween the ages of 17 and 23 bement operates. o

Era, March 1970 51 Almost everyone who has ever today as when they were first driven a car has experienced that written.

hopeless, helpless feeling of wheelFollowing are six volunteer jobs spinning on ice or in thick, gooey that would be helpful, character mud. That boggeddown feeling building, and just plain fun. You

who needs it? know many more.

A sense of getting somewhere 1. Somewhere along the line

is so important to Latterday Saints perhaps you've acquired skill in a that it is easy to see why a wise foreign language—in the home, in

God made it necessary for us all the mission field, during a travelto keep busy. Many people think study tour, at school. Why not

God cursed Adam when he intromake yourself available to the landuced hard work into the life of guage teacher at your former man (and sometimes the things school as a "resource person"?

we have to do are a bit of a drag), You could drill the slower students, but would it be much fun to go bounce questions around, hold through life spinning our wheels conversations with them, or otherand really not getting anywhere? wise show that foreign languages

Somehow, when you know that are possible—and fun—to learn.

the world has an eternal purpose 2. There's not a hospital anybehind it, the challenge and exwhere that can't make good use of

citement of accomplishing some- a pair of willing hands. Scrub up

thing each day toward fulfilling your own, and let some overworked that purpose becomes one of the nurse or administrator know that central aspects of life. One of our you'd like to spend a few hours

beloved Church leaders, President each week helping out.

Stephen L Richards, put it this 3. Let's assume that you enway: joy plays and concerts and that

"Work with faith is a cardinal you know how to write. Even newspoint of our theological doctrine, papermen can't be in more than

and our future state—our heaven one place at a time. Many an editor

is envisioned in terms of eternal would like to send you out to cover—

progression through constant la- a cultural event when his own bor."(Where is Wisdom? [Deseret staffers are tied up with other

Book Company, 1955], p. 253.) stories.

In a day when a lot of new slo- 4. Almost every city or town

gans have taken over, we hear has its share of underprivileged much about the need for people children or teenagers—the poor,

to "do their own thing."There the handicapped, those who've

are lots of things to do—and they made a mistake or who need a

don't need to be unpleasant, farhelping hand. If you can guide

out things that can border on the even one of these to find the illegal or the immoral. The world handle of his bootstraps, you may

cries out with things that need to share his thrill if he's able to pull be done. Even if you have a job, himself up.

don't overlook the many bound- 5. Almost every Mormon youth

else—withless opportunitiesor withoutto helppay someonefor your thatdoes somethingsets him orwellheror hasaparta talentfrom

work. the crowd. It's almost just as cer-

"The world has need of willing tain that someone—sometime

men,"according to an old church recognized this gift and helped song. Those words are just as true develop it. There's no law that

says you can't search out someone else with a similar gift and encouris sharperson. Teaching thatage

M,y- v <X recognitioning. the Sometimes of.1":.

talent is all the nourishment that talent may need to help it blossom 7f into something wonderful.

6. Humanitarianism—like God—is not dead. Even in the most

affluent neighborhood there is likely to be an elderly or infirm person who needs some help with the many little things it takes to i keep a house running smoothly. \

Leaves you've raked for free will "V crunch musically underfoot; snow

you've shoveled just because you wanted to will shine a little whiter;

trash you've voluntarily carried out might not even look like trash at all. Or you could mend a fence, A Girl Is Like

fix a broken pane of glass, install a Fawn a light switch, or do a hundred and one things that would not take long but could mean much. By Dennis H. Drake

If you look back over this beginning list, you'll find that some of these little jobs could even lead Springyoung, a girl is like a fawnto exciting careers.

Obviously, some things you'd In danger situations:

like take might more than to do pairjust of willing VolHalf-frightened, halfcurious, hands. one

unteer for a few friends, too. If, At once attracted and repelled.

sitting like a lot of people, you're instinct older than age warrants (just An wondering whataround to do letting those old energy wheels Will warn youth spin, it were), conjure as why not To bound away brief and sure it party where will do up a work the most good? The resultant Permits ripeness, beauty, life.

shock may shake both you and the But mute indulgence invites a dulling sting neighbor served, but chances are you will all survive the blow. That is ending, not beginning, as evening to dawn.

The earth spins because it has gentle doe is never born; she grows from a fawn. some place to go in God's scheme A

of things. Some of us spin in vain

because we don't have a place to go. A loosely spinning wheel

starts to function as soon as it r grabs hold of something solid. If

face"honest of the "sweat some \ will start with get your way, you on it. Stop spinning your wheels! o

Ik Parent

By Margot Van Orman

How could we thank you for the time and patience, until our time was consumed

. raised and auction, and with the funds.. Troop 307

they boys and our DOWNEY,has just celebratedCALIFORNIAa bought muchneeded camp equipfirst—six

patience attaining the Eagle rank at the same ment. Pictured are: top row, Scoutsorely time.presentedU.S.theCongressmanawards to theDelboys.ClawsonBemastersDavis; secondEd Robinsonrow, Stevenand Davis,Dr. G. JeffreyArnold

tried? sides being fine Scouts, they are Taylor, and Mark Robinson; front row,

good moneyraisers. They recently Brian Chapman, Bruce Chapman, and

How could staged a very successful waffle dinner John Boyle.

we express our joy in growing and progressing, ivithout our expansion in precept and progression step by step?

How could we repay your sacrifice in giving us

life, except by DELTA, UTAH... This is a realization Floyd, 14. The older boys have also

true. their to received years ten Duty awards. Almost a dream God come our making life of

Cecil Paul, are to Gary, Brother Mark, Losee ago asked was and now who as you be Scoutmaster of Troop 141, Delta attending college, live together in a selflessly Second Ward, Deseret (Utah) Stake. At small trailer house. They are active in

made thatenteringtime histhe oldestBoy son,Scouts.Gary, wasBrotherjust theirmissionary.college wards, and Paul is a stake

us? Losee's enthusiasm for this assignment Brother Losee's scouting assignment

was overwhelming: he loved the Scout came to an end last September with the

program, he enjoyed camping and call to serve as first counselor in the

Noiv we workingto see allwithofyounghis sonsboys, attainand hethewanteddisber,bishopric.the Inboys'a courtmother,of honorAvain NovemBishop

can thank you. tinguished rank of Eagle Scout. Losee, was presented a special eagle

The five Eagle Scouts are: Gary, 22, necklace with five eagles on it. The

who has filled a mission in the East Losee family also includes three small

Central States; Paul, 21, who has filled daughters, Celia, Nancy, and Ranae.

Thank You. a mission in the British South Mission; In the photograph are, back row,

Mark, 18, who is anxiously looking forBlair, Gary, Paul, Floyd; front, Mark,

ward to his mission call; Blair, 16, and Cecil Losee.

co know

BOUNTIFUL, UTAH... There are ten er, Lynn Roe, Jeff Hatch; second row, (Though we can't make a practice of

Eagle Scouts this year in Troop 263 in Brad Barnett, Brad Jones, Kent Stanger, printing pictures like these tor the

Bountiful 30th Ward. Eight of them reKurt Stevenson, Gaylen Brown, and whole Church, they seemed especiallyceived the award during one court of Richard Cannon; back row, Scoutmasworthy of mention at this time.-—The

honor this year. Pictured are: front row, ters Cloyd Brown, Garn Nelson, and Editors)

left to right, Dean Larson, Russell ParkRobert Wilson.

FT. LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA... This have won the coveted stake sportsmanCooper, captain, Erni Hamel, Sue Winward's basketball team has won the ship trophy twice and the regional ston, and Carolyn Robbins; front, Carol

regional meets in the women's divisions sportsmanship trophy three times. Left Haynes, Carolyn Barnes, Diane Underfor four straight years in a row. They to right, top row, Kathy Black, Peggy bill, Debra Strelow, Wanda Mears.

Era, March 1970 55 TEST YOUR

\ You claim to be internationally minded.

You are proud of your interest in the world.

You admit to having cosmopolitan tastes, of being well traveled. You boast of friends

all over the globe. Great! But can you name

the nationalities of the youths pictured here, or can you identify the locales?

Answers to: "Test Your Internationally!"

aouajajuoa muof. o) saie8a|aa:eoujv M?nos!

pafOjd 3JBJ|9M joj dnjAs 8|dew joj 3u{||up,,jaddBS,, v:pue|3u3 mbn "gi

pasap aip, uo 88nq auna:SBxai n

jaump poomsauj:ueder oi

aaadBj u| jauunj Xejay MJiqei '6

Ae|d vilM:P"E|U!d 8

japjoq ueoixaiAi jeau aouajauoo mno:b]ujoj!|bo 'ogaia ubs L

apejed Ajemud am Buipsai joIbiu ainja:u.Bin '3|aooi 9

m isajqjno/; ui sjuejsajuoD /Bj3or ibduouiv mnosHZBjg g

aouajajuoo L|}nort jb aiue8 ||eqAa||o/\:bbjo>| -

jsuno} B|d BmBAiAsuuad uiojj suoujjo/j "O'a 'uo}8u!1|sbm

isajoj wbuSuihon pauisj s.poon Ujqoy:puB|3u3 'Z

s;a| q}! pa}B|n}ejSuoo Huiaq jajsis pazijdsq A|Mafy|:mbmbh 'I

Era, March 1970 57 Flashing sticks battle for the boys in the Explorer and Ensign white rubber ball. The shorts and groups. Dick is a member of the

lightweight shoes tell you this is Marin County Lacrosse Club, which a game of speed, but the helmets plays in the Northern California and the padding on the arms and Lacrosse League, and is also a the thick gloves tell you that this qualified referee. In conference

is a rough game, too. The fastwith the bishop, Dick met with the

moving, harddriving game of lapriests and teachers to explain the crosse has captured the Novato game and see if there was interest (California) Ward. in forming a team. Almost all the

Lacrosse, sometimes called drymembers of the priests quorum land hockey, is possibly the oldest were interested, even though they sport in America. It was being had never seen the game. The

played by the Indians of northNorthern California Lacrosse Assoeastern United States and Canada ciation donated sticks and loaned at the time of the early French helmets, gloves, arm pads, and exploration of North America. It is jerseys needed to get the team

a hardcontested game in which started.

emotions are easily aroused. ConThe turnout for the first practice

stant movement of players in sessions was more than encouragquickly changing offensive and ing. The enthusiasm for the new

defensive patterns creates many game spread and five nonmember opportunities for individual perboys joined the eleven ward memformances. It is a game in which bers on the team.

the little man is pitted against the Since this is a junior league big man. Skillful stickhandling, team, they use one goalie and five

speed, and determination make up other players on a smaller field for the lack of size and strength. than varsity teams, which use ten

While lacrosse requires less brawn players. The game is fast, with

than a sport such as football, it players continually on the run, does demand quickness and the and because of the vigorous nature desire for personal combat that of the game, players are rotated the American Indians brought to in platoons frequently, giving all it. The Cherokees, in fact, called it the boys a chance to play. The

"the little brother of war."slightly rough body contact and the

One day last year, the ward flashing, whacking sticks may

YMMIA superintendent, Harold cause a few bruises, but injuries

Gingrich, was telling one of the are minor. The boys love it! Skill,

ward's stake missionaries, Richard strength, speed, and endurance all

Brown, about the need for activity contribute to good, exciting lathat would keep the interest of the crosse, o

58 Era, March 1970 Advertisement ENOUGH ROPE by Arthur V Watkins

The inside story of the censure of Senator Joseph R. McCarthy by his colleagues.

On August 12, 1954, the Dear Senator Watkins:

United States Senate authorized Now thatyour victory is won, permit a Select Committee to study me to extend toyou many hearty the charge against Joseph R. congratulations and high commendation

McCarthy of "conduct for your clarity, soundjudgment, unbecoming a member of the and true dignity manifested throughout

Senate."Arthur V. Watkins, the entire hearing and thefinal

the Senator from Utah, was disposition of this most difficult case.

named Chairman by Vice You have won merited honor

President Richard Nixon and toyourself, retained the prestige of the immediately announced his Senate, and brought credit to plan to conduct a "judicial your state and to the nation.

hearing''in a "judicial May health and the blessings atmosphere."of the Lord continue to attendyou.

Now, from the perspective of fifteen years after the Cordially and sincerely controversial hearings that yourfriend and brother, signalled the end of a turbulent David 0. McKay

career and a fearsome era in December 11, 1954

American public life, Senator President Eisenhower, Senator Watkins,

Watkins has written this President McKay inside story. 1952 to duty for members of the

The great source of Senator Watkins'Church. The University of Utah Press is pleased

strength in standing up to the pressures of to offer the book to ERA readers, for this one that time lay in the staunch religious time only, for $6.00 including postage.

faith he has always had. This is a story of This special price will be given only when the

inspiration for all Americans, but attached coupon is used or when reference p—-—it is a special message of courage and dedication to this ad is made in your order. / Vl\jnttntw

From the national reviews:

"... it is a revealing portrait of a genteel constreak of iron in his constitution... That softUniversity of

servative reacting with fortitude and sustained spoken Senator, Arthur V. Watkins of Utah, Utah Press

by prayer in his attempts to deal with the rownow tells the story of his strange confrontation Salt Lake Citv, Utah dy tactics of America's most accomplished antiwith the Communisteating dragon in the vol84112

. r, review. here under communist."ume n of Senator copies Please send, Review Saturday me

in [Select.control, the firm. Watkins With

at per $6.00 Watkins'Rope"book "Enough finish of the to Senate] on Committee moved

in I book. are things notable Watkins'enclose "Two postage). (including $ copy its in a judicial to hearings atmosphere, shape

First, his his dispashonesty; second, absolute full in payment. the to charges censure win a resounding and

facts. sionate of presenting manner floor vote the to put soon which on an end

Salt Lake Tribune McCarthyism.

of an unforgettable NAME time in the early and mid50's "For a.'"to disrupt... Sen.the chapterIt is aindramaticour history.story.. threatenedJoseph McCarthy

process of government and paralyze the United The Washington Post ADDRESS

States Senate. "Hopefully, the book's express and implicit

Then, after years of pandemonium and allessons will be perceived. Certainly the nation CITY

most despair on the part of his hapless victims, has historically been preserved by men who the seemingly irrepressible gladiator in the confront crisis with quiet strength and dignity. STATE ZIP

phony war against Communism was toppled Arthur V. Watkins was such a man in his day.

from his perch. The feat was accomplished by We have need of such men again today.

an unassuming legislator with an unsuspected SundayTelegram, Portland, Maine (Utah residents please add 4Vfh sales tax.)

Genealogy

Genealogical Research In ASIABy John W. Orton

What kind of source materials who lived during the fifth century The most frequently used source available in Asian countries can be B.C. A reprint of the 1682 edition by the Japanese Saints in compiling

used for genealogical research? of this genealogy, owned by Kung their family group sheets is the

What kinds of information do they Te Cheng, a direct descendant of koseki. The present civil registragive? How early can a pedigree Confucius, was recently completed tion system, which dates from 1871,

be successfully traced by using by the National Central Library of is an outgrowth of an earlier systhese materials? These are questhe Republic of China, and a copy tem, which is known to date from

tions that are asked by the curious of this threevolume set, which 646 a.d. and alleged to date from

as well as the sincere genealogist, contains an uninterrupted lineage of 86 b.c. Rather than a civil registraespecially those who have heard 2,500 years, was presented to the tion, the koseki is a household

whispers of the clanoriented soGenealogical Society by Peter registration that might be compared ciety that exists in China and Chang during the recent World to a combination of a United States

Korea today and that existed in Conference on Records. Clan census and vital statistics registraJapan until the Meiji Restoration. genealogies are also available for tion. The one exception is that the

To the Asian the word "family"Vietnam, Ryukyu Islands, Monkoseki may include up to three has a little different definition than golia, and Manchuria. generations in one household registo Westerners. For the lack of a In the absence of the clan genetration. Japan is responsible for

better word, we might call the alogy or the associated clan records, establishing a population registraAsian family a clan, comprising all another genealogical source for tion in Korea and Taiwan, over of the descendants of a certain China that has been collected widewhich it became protectorate durprogenitor. Thus, many genealogily by Western libraries is the local ing its expansion period.

cal records have originated from history, or fangchih. Similar in The most frequently used source

this type of family system. The clan content to the county histories so in Japan is the family genealogy,

genealogies that were maintained popular in the United States during or kafu, compiled by the family in similar format in both China and the latter half of the nineteenth elder or the eldest son. These

Korea are the result of a specifically century, the local history usually genealogies are compiled from appointed compilation committee. includes a section on residents of documents that are drawn up at

This committee, sponsored by the the locality, with additional data the close of each family celebration, clan organization, gathered and on influential families and those such as births, marriages, and published the vital information of who have more illustrious ancestors. deaths. This source is still widely

descendants of a common ancestor.

One good example is the geneJohn W. Orton, Genealogical Society research specialist for East Asia, travels

annually to East Asian countries and consults widely with experts in his alogy of the descendants of the assignment to increase genealogical source material for the Church.

Chinese philosopher Confucius,

Listener's Digest presents—

maintained among traditional families.

During the period from 1603 to 1868, Japan was ruled by the Tokugawa military government.

aratameThe shumon cho (examOf ination of religion register the Book ) and goningumi cho ( five men in a group register) are the most commonly used genealogical sources dating from this period.

Christianity flourished at its introduction into Japan during the Mormon sixteenth century, mainly because it received the support of Oda Nobunaga, the feudal lord who began a reunification movement in Japan and who feared that the power tape!being attained by the Buddhist on MINITAPES or COMPACT CASSETTES

sects might be a threat to his own Narrated by feudal rule. It has been estimated

J. DR. LAEL WOODBURY

Dept. ofthat as many as 500,000 Japanese Chairman, Speech and Dramatic Arts, Brigham Young University

became baptized Christians during

The ideal method to study the this period. Shortly after Toyotomi scriptures. Listen and learn anytime,

Hideyoshi came into power, he anywhere—in your car or your home. VI

placed a ban on Christianity, since Perfect for Home Evening study.J Mini.... 3Va.,.Inch. Reels,M 95

he suspected that Christian misFeatures of Book of Mormon on Tape: l % IPS 39sionaries would be forerunners of CompletelyEasy to OperatePortable 0,

colonial conquest, happened as had Excellent Missionary Tool X 95 Lifetime Guaranteein parts of Asia. other TokuThe

Compact Cassette Bookcase Albumsgawa shoguns increased the persecution of the Christians and, as a lArrhrBlral oVlltllgH tui method of control, instituted the introductory otter shumon aratame cho. Aside from A special collection of Mormon hymns presented in

avowing that an individual was a Conductedthe majesty byandCrawfordsplendorGates,of a fullthisorchestra.stereo record will Mormon

devout Buddhist and listing the become one of your favorites.

Record Purchased with the of his locationsect, name, and of Mormon Tapes..$*J0Q register inBook usually thetemple,.. *$95. T. rt OrderedAlone

cluded the following genealogical items: name, age, sex, and resiCRAIGJust snapCASSETTEin a cassetteRECORDERand it's ready

dence for each member of the famto play—no need to thread tape.

ily unit. Craig 3*4 Inch Reel Recorder... The goningumi cho was probably *9

patterned after a similar registration in China. In principle, the Please send the following items:

registration law made five men Book of Mormon on 3Va Inch Reels ($39.95)

equally responsible for the acts of Book of Mormon on Cassette ($69.95) Craig Cassette Recorder ($39,

this their group. Becauseone of I Stereo Record of Beloved Mormon Hymns Craig Reel Recorder ($39.95) I controlling unit for the basicwas

Name... religion, this register had a close

Address. araconnection shumon with the I City State Zip I it in addition cho. However,tame Send check with order and we will prepay the postage. All other orders sent C.O.D.

had the function of communicating Utah residents add 4M> sales tax.

Mail orders to Listeners'Digest, 242 North University Ave., Provo, Utah 84601 - Phone: (801) 3749373 I

Era, March 1970 61 IL FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS "CORONA"GRAIN MILL orders from the shogunate, the rulcovered by the Spanish in 1521.

for use with corn, nuts, fcwheat, F h r**l ingperiod,officeandof distributingJapan duringthe thisrewithdatingthefromfirst1565.successfulFortunatelysettlementfor

etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse sponsibility for the payment of tax. the genealogist, the Code of the

1grinding. New CTSP The compilation of genealogical Canon Law requires that every mill finer withmodel

platesgrinding $10.95 records is not new to the Japanese. Roman Catholic parish maintainpostpaid. East of

Rockies add $1.00 The earliest effort to compile an the records of status animarum

postage. Finer grinding

plates for old 1 C authoritative genealogical record of according to a standard form, inmillAdd $1.954V2% setsalespostpaid.tax in Utah. clans that is still extant was comcluding the registers of baptism,

"Special"quantity prices to church groups. pleted in 815 and was entitled marriage, and death. The earliest

HOME SIZE STONE GROUND Shinsen Shojiroku (New Record registers in the Philippines date

FLOUR MILLS of the Clans). This 30volume set from 1572. The Dominican missionincluded a record of 1,182 clans. aries who entered the Philippines

Although not in its original form, in 1587 are the only order of the the Kojiki (Record of Ancient five missionary orders that labored

Matters), completed in 712, is a in the Philippines to have maincompilation of the genealogy of the tained their records there. These

Imperial family. In these early will be found in the Dominican

works, reference is made to Teiki, Archives of the University of Santo

Kyuji, Tennoki, and Kokki, earlier Tomas.

genealogical compilations that are The Philippines is one of the no longer extant. very few countries in Asia that

Korea, influenced heavily by can boast a national archives. It

Grind your own flour!... Eat your Chinese culture during the earlier maintains records from both the

way to better health with an All Grain period, has retained, perhaps to a Spanish and the American periods.

flour mill.

Free Corona mill with every AllGrain stricter degree than China itself, A recent discovery is eleven and a mill sold. Write now for more inforthe custom of maintaining the trahalf million documents dating from

mation.

Send orders to: ditional records. In addition to clan the Spanish period. As a result of

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. genealogies and local histories, the the Spanish American War, the

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 civil service examination rosters, Philippines came under the control

maintained from the beginning of of the United States in 1898. The

the Yi dynasty (1392) until they first official census of 1903 and subwere abolished in 1894, are an exsequent enumerations have since cellent source for those who hold a been sold for wastepaper, but a government or military position. civil registration law was enacted

These rosters may include such inin 1900, and some registers of formation as name, birth date, clan births, marriages, and deaths will seat and place of residence, names be found in local registry offices.

of brothers, and up to eight genSomething should also be said erations of one's paternal line and concerning memorized genealogies his mother's paternal line. that are still extant, at least among

Hojuk is a triennual census that the Bontoc and Ifugao tribes of the was also enumerated during the Yi Mountain Province. The custom of

dynasty. In type of information memorizing genealogies apparently

given, hofuk may be compared to once flourished through most of an English census record, giving Asia among traditional societies.

age and place of birth for the memUsually a specific person was apbers of the household; but in addipointed to memorize the genealogy

The Portrait He Loved... tion hofuk lists three paternal of the family. The Philippines may

Personal OilPainting of beloved President generations plus the mother's be one of the few remaining counDavid O. McKay by worldfamed portrait father for each member of the tries with a segment of its society

artist Gene Anthony. Brush oilpainted, set

in richly handcarved 13"x 14"gallery household, including slaves. still able to recite genealogies in

frame. A treasured gift or keepsake for The Philippine Islands were disoral form.

home or office. $56.00 ppd. Send check or

moneyorder today to Gene Anthony Studios, 2250 Gloaming Way, Beverly Hills, Calif.

90210. Your satisfaction guaranteed. 62

The Asian people seem to have a the Saints in reaching this goal, the The Genealogical Society actively natural understanding and appremissions in Asia are organizing cooperates with and encourages the ciation of the relationship between temple excursions. Three very missions of Asia in their genealogian individual and his ancestors. successful excursions from Japan to cal programs. A small staff in the

Members of the Church in Asia are the Hawaii Temple have already examining department gives special utilizing this expanse of records to been completed, with a fourth attention to family group sheets.

identify their ancestors, and under planned for August in conjunction Two staff members in the research great financial sacrifice they are with the Korean Mission, and a department devote full time to dismaking plans to go to the temples fifth excursion, to the Salt Lake covering and evaluating source mato have the temple ordinances perTemple, is planned to correspond terials that may be used for Asian formed for their families. To assist with October general conference. genealogical research. They are

also responsible for disseminating this information through research

Square, presented over KSL "The "Theple Spoken Word"from Tempapers and developing aids that the Columbia. Broadcasting and

the Asian genealogical proSpokenWord System December 7, 1969. 1969. andwill assist individual researchers

grams.

One longrange project that is is a "There are two who will know. // now over half completed

Japanese surname catalog, which

By Richard L. Evans will have a total of more than 80,000

hen I left my home to go away to school/'said a thoughtful surnames. A records submission

son,"my father said to me: 'No matter what you think or what manual is being written, adapted toWfyou do, there are two who will know—you and the Father of special problems of processing

us all.'"This may not have a very modern sound, but it answers some Japanese family group sheets. A

questions. Even if all the world doesn't know, even if our family and research paper, "Major Genealogifriends don't know, there are still two who know. And even if there cal Sources in Japan,"should also

early 1971. Negotiawere only one—even for those who don't acknowledge an eternal be in print by

record, a living God and personal relationship to him, still—/ know—tions for microfilming are underway

you know—each man knows that which concerns himself. Now, as to in Korea and planned for at least

the questions, or one of them at least: With people breaking the comtwo other Asian countries.

mandments, or not acknowledging them: departing from honesty, The World Conference on Recvirtue, morality; setting aside timehonored standards and restraints; ords was a major boon to genealogy

doing just what they want to do, supposedly—or at least doing as they in Asia as well as other parts of the

profess to please—well, if they are living just like they want to live, world. Through the conference the

why aren't they happy? Why are they still arguing with themselves inGenealogical Society gained many

side—and with others—uneasy, feeling cheated, unsatisfied, with a friends who are offering their

gnawing accusation within? Elbert Hubbard gave one answer when he knowledge of Asian records and assaid, "Men are punished by their sins, not for them."1 In a sense, such sistance to the Society's acquisitions

laws enforce themselves. By his very nature man is what he is. And if program. Representatives of the

he lives one way, he gets one result. If he lives another way, he gets national libraries of four major

another result. It is true that people have been variously taught and Asian countries were present, as

conditioned by teaching and training, but there is something basic that well as internationally recognized works within, as we run with or against the light; and men become scholars of genealogy, records

refined or coarse, easy or uneasy, happy or unhappy, selfrespecting sources, and depositories.

or selfaccusing by how they live their lives. There is only one way to Thus the Saints in Asia are prefind personal peace and an inner respect, and it can't be done by living paring themselves to meet the chalagainst the counsel God has given. To return to the opening sentence: lenges of the future, fulfilling the

"No matter what you think or what you do, there are two who will admonition of the Prophet Joseph know"—and even if there were only one, it still wouldn't be a very Smith that "the greatest responsigood gamble. bility in this world that God has

laid upon us is to seek after our 'Elbert Hubbard, Philistine, Vol. XI, p. 77.

dead."Q

Era, March 1970 63 Advertisement People over 65 get the cash they need to fill the gaps in Medicare that could cost them thousands.

Life's more fun when you feel secure against medical bills. It's

twice the fun knowing you'll get money back for staying healthy.

Sick or well you must collect.

What Can You Do About Today's $54-a-day Hospital Costs \?

Like everything else, the cost low cost plan pays you generous answer to today's rising medical of being sick or hurt has gone up taxfree cash benefits when covcosts.

sharply. The average daily cost of ered sickness or injury strikes. It This remarkable MoneyBack

insurLife and Casualty Co. of Chicago, a1952—fromhospital stay$18.35has tripledto $54.08sincea youpayscollectyou infromadditionany otherto benefits protection is offered by Bankers

day. Experts say they'll climb ance you have, including group. whose famous White Cross Plan

even higher. But unlike ordinary insurance, policies now protect more than

These $54-a-day hospital costs this plan means you no longer 6,000,000 Americans. And the

have put millions of Americans in have to get sick or hurt to collect. White Cross Plan also includes

a dangerous spot, because their If you stay well, you still get a big new lowcost protections to help health insurance is no longer check. Instead of paying premifolks who are over 65 fill the

enough to pay the bills. They'll ums which return no money if you many gaps in Medicare.

either have to pay the lion's share have no claims, you get a cash reThe story of this revolutionary of all your basic annual preprotection that also pays you cash out of their own pockets—or buy fund more health insurance, using miums at maturity. It's like havif you stay well—and special

money they'd rather save for the ing an extra savings account set "Over65"plans to supplement future. aside for your future security and Medicare—is told in the Gold

But now there's a remarkably pleasure. Book, an interesting and informadifferent kind of moneyback You don't even have to stay tive booklet offered free by

health plan that solves this prob100% healthy to get money back. Bankers.

lem. This revolutionary plan reIf you collect benefits that are Readers of Improvement Era

turns money to you if you don't less than what you paid in annualcan get a free copy of the GOLD get sick or hurt. If you don't need ized premiums, you get a cash reBOOK by mailing the postagefree

the benefits, you get paid a big fund of the difference. airmail reply card next to this

cash "nest egg"at maturity. So sick or well, you must colpage. There is no cost or obligaLike ordinary insurance, this lect! It's the sensible, lowcost tion for this service.

Buffs and Rebuffs

In the Beginning Also, I liked the article and pictures on "Research & Review"is the most hopeful first Creation, especially part the I in on for trend the a seen Era have new I of the enjoy our always copy wife andMy size the creations. of and long article magnitude God's time. Religious on The "The the issue Era.the However, and January

I tried to this have in put terms of Concerns young expresses Youth"the Our article the "In verythe Beginning"were could failed. people understand, attitudes of but have desire the to youth be who us, inspiration. to ofspecial source a and

I especially see faithful, to I was pleased Thus their forage. some whatever look "spirit testiof find a joy did andWe scientists of tackle our job. to the articles this in future eagerly ward article. that inmony"

Keith Perkins department. W. A. Phillip David

San Dimas, California Institute of Religion Rhoda Thurston

Tempe, Arizona Hyde Park, Utah

The January Era was beautiful—even our

fiveyear-old enjoyed the pictures. We

were all impressed with the scholarly "The Spoken Word"from articles, which help us to have a greater Temple Square, presentedappreciation for the miracle of the CreaThe over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System Ellention. Mary Jolley SpokenWord 28, 1969. 1969. December City Salt Lake

I enjoyed very much the article "In the

I misBeginning,"but noticeable found a is to learn from, not to live in of The past diameter the wherein 36,take on page the earth is said to be 24,000 miles wide.

I believe it is about 7,926.56 miles. By Richard L. Evans

Ernest Terry Payson, Utah Fromment,a thoughtfulcomes this mood,reminder:forThea thoughtfulpast is to learnmoYou're right.

from, not to live in. Our thoughts move in many

What Can We Read? directions, with the events of each day, with the

to letters inIn response the October and mood of each moment. We waver often between Latterday "Buffs"onJanuary what

Saints can read: As an English teacher discouragement and confidence, between regret and

I the understand avid readerand an difgratitude, wishing we had done better and hopingficulty in finding people have good many reading material. However, I have found we might do better—searching ourselves, looking for

excellent booksthat there are many for values, for guidelines in life—loving the earth we live Public people andyoung and adults.

school and university libraries are stocked on, yet somehow sensing that we are on a journey literaclassics as wellwith the as modern that moves us on, through time and to eternity. We

It uplift us.ture that can teach and

takes a bit more looking, that is all. Anall have days of discouragement. "Sometimes the

other excellent source is the Relief Society hardest thing in life is simply to put one foot in front cultural refinement lesson series, Out ofthe Best Books. of the other—to keep going,"as one observer said.

Mrs. T. J. Burrows "And, sometimes, the most worthwhile things... are

Livermore, California accomplished... by people who are struggling not

for greatness,... but simply... to keep going."'And

Research & Review there is quiet heroism and goodness and earnest pur-

I impressed with the first was so of the pose on the part of many wonderful people, despitearticles in & Review"the new "Research department. To me, the statistics from all failures and imperfections. There is evil in the

Killian's thesis objectivesBrother on the inworld. There is also good. It is for us to learn and extremely systemof the seminary were

teresting and vital. As a senior in high choose between the two; to increase in selfdisci-

theschool, I find asking myself same pline, in competence, in kindness; to keep going that those the gospelquestions about

students involved in the survey asked, putting one foot in front of the other—one day, one

I survey after a brief found that haveand is no for hour, one moment, one task at a time. There concern friends a also have deepmy

making gospel principles a deeper, more point in giving up in regret, for life is a process of lives.instrinsie part of their Could you repentance, of improvement, and will justify all the

articlesplease print dealing such more with these topics? The youth of the trial and error and effort, as we keep moving, with

Church would gain much from them. patience and purpose. "Have courage for the great

Kristy Coon Salt Lake City sorrows of life, and patience for the small ones,"wrote Victor Hugo; "and when you have laboriously

I was thrilled to see the new feature "Research & Review."This, I believe, will accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.

give the Era wider coverage. Brother God is awake."2 The past is to learn from, not to live

Payne's review of Brother Killian's thesis was a wise choice to start off the feature. in.

We as teachers need this kind of informa- '"Try One Inning,"Capsuled Comments, September 1969.

tion.

Era, March 1970 65 By Florence Bittner

My summer garden is for enjoyment, and it is the ing dandelions'attitudes. They just keep working

result of spring effort. away. They don't get their feelings hurt, they don't get

Spring usually catches me napping, and it takes a discouraged if they aren't fully appreciated, and they while for my enthusiasm to build up to battle heat. don't need to be coddled and coaxed.

By the time I have my onmy-kneesin-thedirt armor Why don't begonias act like that? Or roses?

on, the weeds have been growing for weeks; and weeds I know begonia people, and if I were growing

don't wait. They use every chance they get. people instead of flowers I'd concentrate on the dandeOnce I have decided it's gardening season, I enjoy lions. Who wants to be bothered with the begonias

getting out and doing battle. I rake and spade and of life—people who have to be coaxed and appreciated

fight staunchly for weeks. My spring enthusiasm for and encouraged and assisted? They are lovely to bedirt under my nails lasts until the weather gets really hold, but such fragile beauty. One breath of adversity

hot; then I retire from the battlefield to the sidelines, and they wilt.

where I cheer lustily for my flowers. Give me dandelions every time. They just keep

But the saucy little dandelions don't need sideline slogging away and are more interested in getting the boosters, and they don't wilt in the heat. They jut job done than worrying about who gets the credit.

their chins and soak up the sun, and they just keep I'm not growing people this year—at least not out

growing. in the flower beds, so I root out the diligent little

That's the reason they survive. I can't help admirweeds and toss them into the trash pile. I do it re66 Era, March 1970

life are real.The best things in

The real things in life just can't be beaten. After Because you no longer have to dissolve theyeast,

all, what could be better than the real cakes you bake worry about water temperature or heat the bowl.

from scratch? Nothing. Now you just blend Fleischmann's Yeast with

But it does take longer at a time when life's a lot your other dry ingredients, mix—and bake one of the

more hurried than it used to be. best things in life. A light, tasty cake. The real thing.

That's why Fleischmann's developed the new For 70 real thing recipes, including the Babka

Rapidmix method. It makes baking the real thing below, send 250 for "Fleischmann's New Treasury of

quicker and easier than ever before. Yeast Baking", Box 61E, Mt. Vernon, N.Y. 10559.

>,. -.

fleischmanns,

a t MA Yeast 1/4 0Z.

NET*!

1\*%V% I had a peony friend. One great splash of effortone splendid production, but after the tumult and the

shouting died and the spotlights were turned off, she faded and was heard from no more.

The chrysanthemums are drooping, so I tie them to stakes; then I loosen the soil around their roots. All

spring and summer these regal beauties are absorbing sun and food, preparing themselves for that final burst of glory that meets frost head up. Petunias endure to

the end; chrysanthemums are the end.

Uncle Andy was a chrysanthemum person. He never

really amounted to much until the last few years of his life, when something turned him on. He accomplished a great deal those last years.

One day I told him how proud we were of him, and he said, "I keep thinking of how much I could have done if I had just started sooner."

There's a crick in my back when I straighten up from tying the chrysanthemums, and as I massage the ache, a petunia winks at me from the edge of the peony plant, I wish I could hire a few petunias and dandelions to work for me. Petunia people give more than is expected. They surprise you. They're producers and

oh so dependable.

Dandelions have perseverance and stamina. If they

could just be made to obey the rules of accepted garden conduct, they'd be ideal flowers. Unfortunately they

persist in being found where they've no business being.

They will not accept discipline.

"Warren,"I call to my young son, who is scooting down the drive on his bicycle. "Before you go, bring

me that pail of fertilizer. I need to feed the roses."

Reluctantly he descends from his bike and brings the pail to me. "How come you have to feed the

luctantly, feeling somewhat wanton, uprooting all that roses again?"

life, destroying all that latent energy. We both laugh, remembering our eleventh comBut as I turn back to my flowers, I notice a spray mandment, which reminds mother, "Thou shalt feed

of white fuzz still on the ground, and a smile comes. thy sons often that their legs may grow long upon the

The dandelions may have the last word yet. land, for it behooveth a mother to remember her boys

Then there are the petunias of my garden. What are always hungry."

would gardens be without petunias? So much show As I dig around the roots of my roses, I hope I can

from such an unpromising little bit of green, and they feed the minds of my children in the spring of their just keep right on producing all year long. All they lives so their summers may be filled with bloom and

need is the essentials to work with and they're off and their autumns be fruitful.

blooming. But it is a garden I'm growing, so I chuck a tempera-

I tuck a few petunias around the sides of my peonies. mental rose under the chin and tell her not to worry.

Such magnificence from these lush fruitful flowers. I don't care if she is petulant and petted. She makes

While they last they fill my garden with flamboyant up for it in the sheer beauty she creates.

color, but in a few short weeks it is all gone. That is As I gather up my trowel and rake to go into the

when the sturdy little petunias take over and keep house to feed my human sprouts, I see a baby dandeproducing bloom after bloom all summer and until lion hiding in the grass and I look the other way. I'm

frost nips the edges of the flowers. not as ruthless as all that. O

68 Era, March 1970 This summer travel with OSAKA AND BEYOND PRESENTING THE PACIFIC

BYU for adventures to fellowCome BYUspan alumnithe Pacificfor 18withunforgettableyour exoticA studyislesin contrastof the Pacificwith visitsfrom Tahitito theto the Orient, highlighted days. Travel to Japan, Taiwan, Hong Bali, then on to the fascinating Orient

by the Japanese World's Hyer,Kong andLanierHawaii.BritschDirectors:(authors Paulof currentV. Travelwith stopsdirector:from Dr.BangkokRichardto L.Tokyo.Gunn.

Harold Glen Clark and June 18 to July 23, 1970-$2350. ERA articles),Fair in Osaka. Visit the

L. Barrett. Stephen

exquisite LDS Church July 30 to August 16, 1970-$1154. ASIAN STUDIES ABROAD

Pavilion at Expo '70. 'ROUND THE WORLD Thethis six"real"and Orienta half isweekbroughtacademicallyalive in

Choose from four aForglobe"studentsspanningof the36dayworld"tripofofall aages,lifeorientedstudies ofadventure.Japan, Taiwan,In depth,HongculturalKong

distinct travel adventime. Travel to Rome, Greece, Egypt, and Korea will be made by two groups.

tures that will include Israel,Hong Kong,India, TaiwanThailand,andPhilippines,Japan with (JapaneseDirectors: Dr.Group),SpencerGaryJ. S.PalmerWilliams

Japan on the itinerary. Dr. LaVar Bateman as your director. (Chinese Group). June 18 to August

June 9 to July 14, 1970-$2145. 3, 1970-$1297.

BYU EXP070 $ ADVENTURES

24 TRAVEL ADVENTURES

Write for free fullcolor, descriptive folders of the adventures of your choice.

D Europe Embraced Operation Mediterrific

Europe with BYU D Adventure South America

Bible Lands D Europe on a Shoestring

Mayan Magic D Splendid Scandinavia

D 'Round the Pacific DOur Heritage Regained 'Round the World D Asian Studies Abroad

Europe in a Nutshell BYU Hits Broadway D Hawaiian Adult Tour 1971 SEMESTER ABROAD

Osaka and Beyond PROGRAMS Summer in Hawaii D Semester in Salzburg

Summer in London D Semester in Grenoble

D Summer in Mexico Semester in Madrid

Mexico for Teachers Semester in Jerusalem

Name Address.

City State & Zip TRAVELBYU R. Clark Bldg. STUDY202 Herald

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 edition. Thus, by implication, it supResearch ports3. Thethe originaldocumentsmanuscript.provide indicaof the of the Prophet's tions mode & Review passage, often revised a procedure. He

later added to or amended it, and then, in a third attempt, clarified it further.

Some of his corrections are inconclusive because the marginal note in the text as to specified exact placement. is not AStudyoftheTextof

infer that he such cases In we some saw a problem but had not yet fully resolved it. This suggests what other the Inspired Revision ofthe evidence tends to confirm: that had

he lived longer, he might well have undertaken further corrections or improvements.

Glimpses of the light shed by the reBIBLE vision on farreaching issues are noted

By Dr. Truman G. Madsen in these five examples:

Contributing Editor 1. The youth of Christ is almost a

blank in biblical annals. Some pasFrom the earliest days of the Church, How would it fare in a verse by verse sages hint he was indifferent to his

Latterday Saints have depended heavcomparison to the two published edifamily. (The Douay version translates

ily on the King James Version of the tions of the Reorganized Church? "brothers and sisters"as "cousins.")

Bible. It provides common ground in 3. The Prophet did most of the reThe Prophet records that he "grew up

many countries where missionary efvision during the years 183033. He with his brethren,"that he "served

forts extend. It has a tone and temper made changes in every book (except the under his father,"that he "waited

that make readings in contemporary Song of Solomon, which, he indicated, upon the Lord"for his ministry, but versions seem foreign, against the grain was not inspired of God). Did he conthat he "spake not as other men."At

of familiarity. This is so even of the sider any one of the books finished? the marriage feast he did not say to

highly sensitive work of Britain's J. B. Dr. Sidney B. Sperry had pointed to evihis mother, "Woman, what have I to

Phillips. Moreover, some biblical verdence that the Prophet intended further do with thee?"but "Woman, what

sions, though professing only stylistic corrections, perhaps in every book, but wilt thou have me to do for thee? that

or idiomatic change, tend at bottom what would the Prophet's own manuwill I do."(Inspired Revision, Matt.

to undercut vital doctrines. President script show? 3:24, 25; John 2:4.)

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., called attention Years of painstaking research by Dr. 2. The controversial first verse of

some years ago to such distortions. (See Robert J. Matthews of the Church John, "In the beginning was the

his Why the King James Version?) Unified School System enables us to Word,"has been clouded by Greek

In our background is a Bible transanswer these questions.* metaphysics. "Word"is taken to mean

lation undertaken by the Prophet With the cooperation of the hislogos, and this is framed according to

Joseph Smith and based on the King torians of both churches, the Institute Plato and Philo as an ultimate idea or

James. It has been called the New of Mormon Studies at Brigham Young long step toward the immaterial icon

Translation, the Inspired Translation, University, and other interested agenof the creeds. But in the Inspired Revithe Inspired Version, and the Inspired cies, Dr. Matthews has compared, verse sion it is rendered, "In the beginning

Revision. by verse, the Bernhisel manuscript, the was the gospel preached through the

In sermons, manuals, and specialtwo editions of the Reorganized Son."Christ was "the word"in the

ized research it is often cited but Church, and, in several cases of variant sense that he was the messenger of always with some uneasiness because readings, the original manuscript of salvation. The word "word"need not

of three haunting unknowns: the work in the library at Indepencarry Greek connotations. (Ibid., John

1. The original manuscript notes of dence. 1:1; compare D&C 93.)

the work were given to the Reorganized His study enables us to say: 3. The Beatitudes are presented after

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 1. The recent 1944 New Corrected three added verses that make it clear

Saints by Emma Smith. In their first Edition of the Reorganized Church, that they are more than independent

published edition, in 1867, 3,400 verses which book many interested Latterday virtues to be willfully cultivated; they

were different from the King James. Saints have acquired, is faithful to the are a description of the attitudes of soul

The question was, how accurate was original manuscript and a most accuthat flow from receiving the Christ this edition? Had changes been made rate printing. The editors have scruputhrough baptism and "fire and the

since the Prophet's death? And what lously worked to overcome normal Holy Ghost."(Ibid., Matt. 5:1-14; comof the "New Corrected Edition"pubscribal mistakes, typographical errors, pare 3 Nephi parallels.) It is not, for

lished in which 352 verses differ from and difficult notations (e.g., transposed example, a virtue to be "poor in spirit"

the earlier printing? sentences or confusing marginal notaunless one comes unto him who con-

2. A copy of the original was made tions). Matthews concludes that this fers the. riches of spirit—hence the

by Dr. John M. Bernhisel at Nauvoo edition is worthy of trust. added phrase "who come unto me."

in 1845 and is now in the Church 2. The Bernhisel manuscript copy- 4. Baffling passages about "pluckHistorian's Office in Salt Lake City but supports the 1944 New Corrected Ediing out an eye"are clarified. They are

has never been published. (It was used tion in preference to the earlier (1867) not pleading for physical mutilation.

of the varitreatment the concern They in his R. Bruce Elderby McConkie

Study of the *Robert of the Text A J. Matthews, of of the parts or organs "body"ousDoctrinal Testament CommenNew dissertation, Bible, doctoral Inspired Version of the

is a If a leader the Church. who University. itself accurate? this tary.) Young Brigham copy Was

70 Era, March 1970 Years Food Supply

offends to others''standard"and is unPriced Under $200.

out,"repentant, "plucked is to be he for it is better to labor without him than to be pulled down by him. (Ibid., Way Under! 9:3948.)Mark

5. The argument that "God is Buy from your dealer or church group, or inquire at PermaPak.

being,Spirit,"a formless and therefore of millions influenced hundredshas in orEverythinga family necessaryof 4-6 threeto months.fill the nutritional needs of one person for one full year

Inspired world. Rethe Christian The

vision dismantles this belief. The conEasy to store—No refrigeration—Long storage life

text speaks of true worshipers and 12 Same Size Prepacked Cases #10 cans Low Moisture Foods.

Fruits, Grains, Protein 6 Foods, 5 3 8 Vegetables plus Juices, Desserts, Sugar, is "For a Spirit"replaces with "God

Extras. Assorted Seasoning and Menu [true worshipers] such hathunto God

in will Salt City Pick freight collect. or ship up Lake we Spirit. his theypromised who And

lbs. shipping weight: Gross 365

in spirit worship mustworship him Salt area, free inquire Lake demonstrations. about

and in truth."(Ibid., John 4:25, 26;

compare D&C 46 and 93.) IE370

Similar insights compound through the four gospels, as also in the writingsof the ancient Hebrew prophets and the PERMAPAKPlease send me:

letters of Paul. Chapters of Romans so Sample Year's Food Supply Kit—7 foods, ample for 4 servings each

central to the theology of Luther and $2.95 ppd.

Calvin, and today of Barth and BrunFree Food Storage Plan CATALOG ner, are significantly clarified. Free Survival Kit and Camping INFORMATION

Dr. Matthews points out in some of Free Group Discounts/FundRaising Plan INFORMATION

his earlier published findings (see The Name.

Improvement Era, February through

May 1965, and the International Bible Address

Collector) that the preeminence of

Christ in both the Old and New TestaCity State Zip ments is enhanced by the Inspired Revision. #40 East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115—Phone (801) 4869671

New doors open up now. For

example, the Inspired Revision is without crossreferencing or footnotes or concordance. A complete crossrefer-

enced edition utilizing all four of the standard works should soon be undertaken, though it is a mammoth project.

Someday, when Mormon scholarship merits it, a kind of "Interpreter's Bible"could be developed that draws on the new reservoir of knowledge—linguistic,geographic, and archaeological—that

has built up over the past century. Since

the Prophet's work was done mainly from 1830 to 1833, many doctrinal developments, heretofore studied exclusively in terms of the revelations and dictated history, need to be related to his biblical analysis, for it is now clear that the Prophet was learning as he worked and that the translation process was a revelation process. Cherished

beliefs of some critics—for example,

that the Prophet's understanding of the

Godhead as distinct personages came in the late 1830s—may dissolve under

such analysis. To correlate the revisions

with the dayby-day history of the

Church is another major task, yet future.

In the meantime, all who are drawn to the scriptures, the soul perceptions of the Prophet, and the unfolding of the modern Church can turn to the InWinnifred Jordine, award winning home economist, cooks spired Revision with new confidence up ideas daily in the Deseret News. Her array of recipes

to all gratitude have withand who all occasions. for easyto-prepare provide meals Next time

in his proDr. Robertaided Matthews

idea, looking you're dinner Jarread Winnifred for a new enterprise.ductive

in O dine your,'94**4 f44444 DESERET NEWS 71 Ricks College Dancers Complete Successful Tour of Mexican Cities

Some 33 members of the Ricks College Valhalla the troupe "a great success,""a showcase of

International Dancers recently completed a threeweek wholesome youth."Several mission presidents said

tour of cities throughout Mexico. U.S. Embassy the troupe "helped cement our relations with the

personnel and Mexican municipal and civic leaders called wonderful Mexican people."

-.m;. -..,.#,,.—".

P

LI;**\1J- * ji* S "- '"J? mm

ill Hrn. ca/JfelHl

B> # "*''T, *:p

French Mission Presents Program at Versailles

Although the news is late, members century instruments. Following this wide press and television coverage,

of the Church will be pleased to know of performance, French Mission President was attended by about 500 persons, the French Mission's successful Smith B. Griffin and the president including the mayor of Versailles

Christmas event held for friends and of the Versailles Branch spoke. The buffet and his executive secretary,

associates of members of the Church. continued, after which a group of special representatives from the

The occasion consisted of a brief singers from Paris sang a cappella American Embassy, mayors of several buffet before guests entered the chapel, renaissance Christmas medleys. surrounding cities,

where instrumentalists played The instrumentalists and singers were and the representative of the governor renaissance Christmas music on fifteenth nonMormon. The program, which drew of the Region Yvelines.

Lucile C. Reading Florence Reece Lane Member of National Air Defense Command

New Counselors in Primary Association Announced Boy Scout Board Wife of the Year

Sister Lucile C. Reading Children's Hospital board of Elder Thomas S. Monson Sister Gwen Smith,

has been advanced from trustees and has been of the Council of the Twelve Relief Society president of second counselor to a member of the has been appointed a the Eatontown (New first counselor in the Children's Friend editorial member of the National Jersey) Ward, has been

General Primary Presidency, board for ten years. Executive Board of named Army Air Defense

and Sister Florence Reece She will be in charge of the Boy Scouts of America. Command Wife of the Year.

Lane has been appointed the Primary's SkyletPilot Elder Monson, a member The wife of Major second counselor. programs, music, the of the General Scouting William A. Smith (who is

Sister Leone W. Doxey, Penny Parade, and the Committee of the Church, stationed at Highlands

former first counselor, Children's Friend. is the third General Army Air Defense Site, New

was released in October. Sister Lane, a member of Authority to serve on Jersey), Sister Smith

Sister Reading, who was the Primary general board the national executive board. has carried a prominent role

appointed as second since 1967, will direct President George Albert in redecorating military counselor in 1963, is the Lihoma, reverence, and Smith and Elder Ezra Taft quarters, conducting a member of the Primary inservice programs. Benson served previously. sewing classes, and

organizing youth athletic and recreation programs, as well as serving in the presidencies of the Relief Society or Primary auxiliaries wherever the family has been stationed.

wide experience in Church service, having served as president of the Hawaii Mission, secretary of the Church Missionary Regional Representative Committee, a member of

Primary Children's Hospital Endowment Fund Announced of Council of Twelve the Priesthood Missionary

Administrators of the Primary Children's Hospital The First Presidency Committee, high councilor, have announced a $10 million endowment program designed has announced the bishop, private secretary to make the hospital one of the leading pediatric appointment of D. Arthur to President George Albert

centers in the world. The endowment fund will be used Haycock as a Regional Smith, and assistant

to expand facilities and provide more and better Representative of the Council secretary to the First service to crippled children. Thousands of children have of the Twelve. He will be Presidency. He is now

been treated at the hospital since it began in 1911. assigned to the Rose secretary to the Council of

Children of all races and creeds are welcome Park Region in Salt Lake City. the Twelve. He and his

at the hospital. Brother Haycock has had wife have four daughters.

Era, March 1970 73 A SAVING IN TIME...

GIFT! LEADERSAfor ONESELFLIFETIME TEACHERS SPEAKERS

PARENTS STUDENTS MISSIONARIES TheChurch MovesOn

January 1970 A. Seitz and counselors Garth P. Batty

and Bert L. Angus, Ashley Stake.

President and Sister David 0. McKay quietly celebrated their sixtyThe appointment of D. Arthur Hayninth wedding anniversary, surrounded cock, Bountiful, Utah, as a Regional

*i by their family. They were married in the Representative of the Twelve was anSi isricv Salt Lake Temple January 2, 1901. nounced. This brings the number of

Regional Representatives to 75.

El As stake conferences resumed after the ChristmasNew Year's recess,!1 President David O. McKay, 96, died

two new stakes, the 497th and 498th, no this morning at 6:00 at his Hotel

Build a Personal were organized in Utah: Utah apartment. His physician said

Enrichment File for From the North Jordan Stake, Elder President McKay died of acute congesGospel Talks and Lessons Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the tion of the heart, which began soon after

progressively worsened. organized the Granger West midnight Twelve and with 1 SUBDEX for several hours Stake, with as presiDuayne T. Johnson a coma He was in filing facilitates rapid This system

and permits easy relocation of any dent and Gordon W. Evans and Benjaprior to death.

specific article when you need it. min L. Dickison as counselors. Fallon (Nevada) Stake was organized

Its unique flexibility provides for From the Bountiful East Stake, Elder by a division of Reno Stake by Elder limitless expansion in both subject Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the

areas of your own special interest Twelve organized the Woods Cross Twelve. Gideon V. Hendrix was susand in the subject areas provided. Stake, with David H. Howard as presitained as president, with Golden D.

its With index comprehensive and Lewis A. as counselors. and Ellis Hyde Garvin E. Carlile and L. Glen and the dent simple reference cross system stake stake is the 500th This now funcas counselors. Tonge neccard a use of file is no longer

essary. New stake presidencies: Richard W. tioning in the Church.

Winder and counselors Normand Lee

Gibbons and Blaine D. Bendixsen, North fjl The body of President David 0.

File Packet Contents: Jordan Stake; Rendell N. Mabey and McKay was borne in a bronze

simple instructions counselors Duane B. Welling and Newell casket today to the Church Administrafile format and comprehensive Linford, Bountiful East Stake. tion Building, where it is to lie in state

index labels for this evening, for 12 hours on Wednespressure-sensitive 26 major categories and for Wl% The appointments of Mrs. Lucile C. day, and on Thursday morning until one

440 subtopics Reading as first counselor and Mrs. hour before funeral services are to be-

6 cross reference sheets CR-1 Florence R. Lane as second counselor gin in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. This

6 cross reference sheets CR-2 in the general presidency of the Primary evening long lines of mourners, includ- 6 table of contents sheets TC-1 Association were announced. Mrs Reading many small children and teenagers,

AVAILABLE THROUGH ing, who succeeds Mrs. Leone W. Doxey filed slowly past the bier, which is

LDS BOOK DEALERS as first counselor, has served as second banked with huge baskets and wreaths

EVERYWHERE or by counselor to President LaVern W. Parmof flowers from all over the world.

using the convenient ley since July 1963. Mrs. Doxey was

order blank below! released last October 23. Mrs. Lane has Funeral services were held at the DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE # been a member of the general board Salt Lake Tabernacle at noon toEnclose money order and mail to: since September 1967. dayninth forPresidentPresidentof Davidthe Church,0. McKay,The

Roanoke (Virginia) Stake, the 499th funeral services, presided over and 336 East 1864 South now functioning, was organized by conducted by members of the Council

OREM, UTAH 84057 Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of of the Twelve, were attended by overthe Twelve from portions of the Central flow crowds of the Saints, as well as

- ORDER BLANK—Atlantic States Mission. Sustained as dignitaries and representatives of local,

national state, other governments, and Russell B. with president Maddock, was Please send copies of

churches, and Sr., civic and profes- R. many Sanford Bohon, Dennis W. and

($3.25 each, postage paid) Richardson as his counselors. sional organizations. Prior to the serName New stake presidency: President Jack vices, more than 41,000 persons of all

Street

City State Zip 74 INSPIRATIONAL WALL PLAQUES

ages and from all walks of life had BQ Val Verda Stake, 501st stake now DAVID O.

filed past the casket as the body lay in functioning, was organized by McKAY state on the first floor of the Church President Harold B. Lee of the First Antiqued

Administration Building. Light rain was Presidency from parts of the South Earlyfalling as the cortege entered Temple Davis (Utah) Stake. Milton W. Russon American

Square, where the Royal Scots Pipe was sustained as president, with Harry finish

Band played "Lord Lovett's Lament,"a Blundell and Arlin T. Mecham as 8 1/2 "x 7 1/2 "

dirge from the highlands of Scotland, counselors.

as the casket was borne into the flowerNew stake presidencies: Robert J. $3.49

banked Tabernacle. The services were Martin and counselors John D. Warner Print of portrait, thought

broadcast by 12 television and 50 radio and Howard R. Gagon, South Davis fay some to be

stations, some on a delayed basis. PallStake; Lowell T. Perry and counselors JOSEPH

bearers were five grandsons and W. one Gene Dalton and Clifford S. Clive, SMITH of Presidentgreatgrandson McKay. Stake. Boston

Interment was in the Salt Lake City Wood

Cemetery, near the grave of his twoJj] Previously announced plans under Plaque yearold son Royle. which GAC Corporation would have with

acquired 265,000 acres of land in antiqued

In a special meeting this morning central Florida through purchase of the crackle in the Salt Lake Temple the Council stock of Deseret Farms of Florida, Inc., finish

of the Twelve ordained and set apart will not be consummated. This an12"x 9 1A"

President Joseph Fielding Smith as the nouncement was made today by S.

tenth President of the Church. The Hayward Wills, New York City, chairman $4.98

ofFirst president reorganized, President GAC, Presidency then and and was in beautiful FIRST plaque VISION

First of first thewith Presidency. President N. Eldon Harold Tanner B. Lee as

"tones 12"bronze $4.98 x 9 1/4 in that closing N. delays explainedcounselor President Eldon and They

Tanner as second counselor. President beyond the control of both parties have Postage prepaid - Send check to:

Lee also serves as president of the made the sale of the property, locatedTwelve, with Elder Spencer W. Kimin Osceola, Orange, and Brevard counASHMENT NOVELTY

ball as acting president. ties, inadvisable at this time. P. O. Box 117 - Provo, Utah

MUSIC FOR 19697C\ MUSIC FESTIVAL OF COMBINED WARD CHOIRS Praise Ye the Father 25c Gounod, Scott Open Thy Gates 25c Questionings Jenkins #2837 Cumorah, Land of Restoration 25c

Reeder 14618 By Paul Armstrong Song of Praise 40c Leroy J. Robertson

A multitude of faces I have And all fine strengths are foiled Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring 25c known and overthrown. Bach, Breck CM 6211

Have long since lost their tenure Ye Heavens Adore Him 25c with the sun, Yet, is this all? If it were so, Durham #2642

Have faded, withered, drooped, would I Gospel Gives Unbounded 30c and, one by one, Now trace in praise the features Strength SSA

Surrendered that last trait they I admired? Spafford, Schreiner

called their own; If men like me can feel almost Song of Prayer 25c

Silence replaced the flesh and inspired Robertson blood and bone, With memory of one gentle, Thanks Be To God 30c

With features turning ghostly, subtle bit, Mendelssohn "Elijah"keeping none How can one total being ever die

Of their rich, vital color. All is In the Vast Mind that once 0gJ5arC/ Music Co,

done created it? 327 Broadway

Idaho Falls, Idaho

Era, March 1970 75 BOOK SAVINGS

Free Books! Discounts!

After the Gale YOURS WITH BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB:

1 Discounts on many books! By Ethel Jacobson

2. Free catalog of our books! Churned by storm,

3. Free books for purchases! White waves form

4. Monthly reviews!

Where gray gulls scream 5. FREE BOOK for joining:

A warning."DRUGS, DRINKS & MORALS"

by Mark E. Peterson They come and go,

Swooping low To skim the cream Of morning.

"The ple"TheSquare,SpokenpresentedWord"fromoverTemKSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System January 11, 1970. 1970. SpokenWord

On living with imperfect people including ourselves

Richard L. Evans

of the urgent lessons of life is to learn how to live with Oneimperfect people—not only with the imperfections of others

but also with imperfections we see in ourselves. It is often true

that we do not even please ourselves, or at least not consistently, completely so. And if we do not altogether please ourselves, it should be

13 CHOICE BOOKS BY easy for us to understand why often we are not altogether pleased with

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH: others. Life is variable for all of us. Sometimes we are sad, fearful, disto Gospel Questions (07) Answers

2.95 ea. couraged, sometimes even when we have no apparent reason to be. 5 volumes

(48) Essentials in Church History 5.95 Our troubles trouble us less at some times than they do at others; not

(98) Man, His Origin & Destiny 4.00 necessarily that the troubles are less, but we are able to live with our

(F20) 3.95 Progress of Man

of all Things 3.50 troubles at some times better than others. Human problems are complex. (132) Restoration

(140) Signs of the Times 3.25 There are battles within ourselves, and battles outside ourselves. The

(150) Take Heed to Yourself 4.95 good strives with us, the spirit that would lead to truth and peace and

Teachings of Joseph Smith 3.95 (156) spirit that pleads to be heard and heeded—and finds to Perfection 3.50 selfrespect—the (168) Way

(Our most prolific writer!) itself in competition with the spirit that would tempt us to compromise,

to be critical, indifferent, rebellious, to relax our standards, and do qjeehhte Bookclub what sometime we shall surely regret. And since everyone has his

struggles, his better days and worse ones, his good impulses and less 626 "H"St.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84103 worthy ones, his arguments inside himself; since all of us need understanding, forgiveness, encouragement, all of us would well give comPlease enroll measa memberand send FREE: passionate consideration to others. One quality of character most

"Drugs, Drinks 8i Morals!"I understand needed in this world is compassion for other people. One of the urpurchase; there is no however minimum

"review the to return card"each month orI agreeelse gent lessons of life is to learn how to live with imperfect people—inpurchase the "feature book"for that month. cluding ourselves. And if we are not altogether pleased with us, it

For every $20 of nondiscounted books I will should be easy to understand why we are not altogether pleased with receive a BOOK! FREE Enclosed is $ others. As a somewhat summarizing sentence, Henry Ward Beecher said

circled for the above books.

(Post paid; add 4V2% sales tax in Utah.) that every man should have a goodsized cemetery in which to bury

Print Name the faults of his friends.

Address

City State..Zip.

n Do not wish to join; but send books listed! 76 Era, March 1970

RICKS COLLEGE

Opportunities in Spiritual Growth Academic Achievement

Leadership * Activities New Friendships Recreation

IMPORTANT DATES FOR ALUMNI

RICKS ALUMNI RECEPTION FOR Alumni, Students, Faculty and Friends.

Sat. April 4, 1970, 4 - 6 P.M. in the Jade Room at the Hotel Utah.

ANNUAL ALUMNI BANQUET AND MEETING—May 7, 1970, 6:00 P.M. at,

Manwaring Center. Graduates, Parents, and all Alumni of Ricks College

are cordially invited to attend. (Write for Reservations)

The RICKS COLLEGE ALUMNI COUNCIL publishes quarterly an ALUMNI NEWSLETTER and sends it free to all Alumni. This Bulletin keeps the Alumni

organization informed of Alumni activities, School Functions, building programs, and Etc.

If you are not receiving the ALUMNI NEWSLETTER, and would like it, please send your address.

For Information Write Director of Admissions

Ricks College Rexburg, Idaho 83440 "YOUR CHURCH COLLEGE IN IDAHO"

Could you spare a moment for your boy? for your The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

friend's boy? vjA1/YlA

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

This could be the most Years ago President Oscar A. from school and being prepared

important moment in Kirkham, a member of the First for a job or some other overarchyour boy's life this year. Council of the Seventy and one of ing goal in life.

the Church's best known friends The first consideration in makto youth, told how his father made ing goals is to devise a plan to the thinning of long rows of sugar follow. Where do we start—with

beets more interesting and inthe "now"part of life? With daily

creased the ability of the thinners goals? With those to be achieved

to work longer and with greater at the end of our earthly lifetime?

speed. He simply placed pegs A serviceable goal in any aspect

down the rows at various disof life fixes one's attention on the

What boy hasn't dreamed of tances. As the young workers final or end result first. Shortcaring for his own horse, reached these pegs, they would range goals are easier to plan and

wrangling whiteface cattle, stop for a short rest, a drink of perhaps to follow; but if they are

fishing in clearflowing streams... and what parent lemonade, or perhaps a piece of to have any value, they must clearhasn't wished this dream hard rock candy. There was always ly lead to the final or end result of

could come true... without a goal, a peg in sight, as the young one's total life plan. Earth life is

flattening the family purse? workers looked down those long, a journey in eternity. Now is part

Timber Creek Ranch may be long rows. of eternity. There is no permanent

the answer to both these We all need goals toward which destination on that journey. Longdreams... it spreads beneath

the Big Sky Country of to work. Years must pass before range goals must, therefore, be

Montana. New concept of we reach some of our goals, such set up first. Where do we want to

work and play keeps cost low. as acquiring the training necesspend eternity? With what kind of

Owners are an LDS couple, sary to get a goodpaying job or people do we want to associate

Cliff and Lil Spencer, who preparing ourselves to found a there? In what kinds of activities

believe boys belong on a happy Latterday Saint home. would we like to engage? Would

ranch atleast once in their lives. Your boy will receive Goals bring interest and vitality we like to live in the presence of

loving care in his neverto-beinto our daily activities as well as God the Father and Jesus the forgotten adventure. Write give us the direction needed to Christ, the kindliest and most gloritoday. achieve the major goals of life. fied beings in the universe? Yes,

Special arrangements for So much of the motivation young we say. Then we must set daily,

Scout and Explorer groups. people need in life depends on monthly, and yearly goals that will

Timber Creek Ranch having the proper shortand longlead to such a joyous eternal conDrummond, Montana 59832 range goals. Doing a particular dition. The care of our bodies, the

assignment well lends interest and development of our talents, the the determination to get a good acquiring of skills to work, and grade in a class. Doing well in the knowledge necessary to enjoy

class spurs interest in graduating life are some of these goals.

w 1 KS>

INSPIRATIONAL

LDS The determination by young age goals should then be broken FILMS men to magnify their callings in down into yearly goals, personal the priesthood and the resolution goals, the ones we need to set to by young women to prepare for get to the end of a most important happy wifehood and motherhood decade of our lives.

are goals that encompass all other All young people in the Church goals for young people of the should read the Doctrine and CoveChurch. They will give meaning nants, and especially Section 132.

and lasting satisfaction to every In this section is found the foundaworthwhile and righteous endeavor tion on which all goals, if they are in life. to fulfill their purpose, must rest.

Goals are most effective when The Lord points out that our main URtN SMOKE they are made by the individual goal should be to live worthy lives for himself or herself. We should so we can receive the new and

run against ourselves, not against everlasting covenant of marriage.

others. Each of us needs to set Young people who prepare themhis own goals, because we all have selves for eternal marriage have

different strengths and weaktwo promises: they can be with a

nesses. Our goals must employ certain person for time and eterour strengths to the fullest in overnity as husband or wife, and they

coming our weaknesses and decan continue an eternal family BY THEIR FRUITS veloping our greatest potential. kingdom.

Some people go to liberal arts colNo other people in all the world leges when they should be in techhave such a glorious promise. The

nical college. Some desire to be Lord has said: "This promise is

teachers when they should be in yours also, because ye are of Abrabusiness. ham, and the promise was made

That leads us to a second conunto Abraham; and by this law is

sideration in setting goals. That the continuation of the works of

is, how do we do it? As indicated, my Father "(D&C 132:31.)

we set our eternal goals first. Then Only by setting proper goals and A\

we set down the intermediate goals refusing to deviate from them to reach these eternal goals, such under any circumstances can we as the goals we must reach to return to the presence of our EterSend for the latest FREE catalog finish our schooling, prepare for a nal Father and Savior and be listing all films now available.

mission, seek a certain kind of guaranteed the blessings of eternal Write to:

marriage partner, and be worthy lives and exaltation, which blessEducational Media Services of a temple marriage. These teenings constitute joy forever. O HeraldBrighamR.YoungClark BuildingUniversity,

Provo, Utah 84601

Era, March 1970 79 tutes, commercial colleges, certificate programs, junior colleges, and TheseTimes university work all have their place. 3. "All the means"should include what has come to be called

liberal, general education, "the cloud that makes the rain."

4. The element that has aroused

the ambition of the American parent to seek the advantages of

Princeton or MIT for his son, rather than the Wichita Barber

College, has been the assumed high quality and quantity of liberal, scientific, general education available at the former. Thus, there WHO has been a tendency for all posthigh school institutions, in one Should Be way or another, to aspire toward

being another "Harvard."This

feeling was born of American deEducated for mocracy and its passion for equality of opportunity, the chance for every man or woman to prove himself or herself.

5. It is contradictory for those

who keep the inner sanctum of WHAT? education beyond the high school,

who have the inner custody of the By Dr. G. Homer Durham

liberal arts and sciences, to deny

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education access to them on conditions of "ability."There is no limited

The means for recruiting and financial considerations. Shortsupply of the liberal arts and scifacilities andmaximizing educational opportunirun economic considerations could ences—only ofties for talent—as talent is now lead to say that only those "highly teachers, especially a type of

all tooknown—should be maintained and qualified"should go on. But in teacher of which there are

improved with the best selective the long rUn this could prove harmfew. The American people want

means at our disposal. However, ful (to economic growth, for exam- "college educations"for their

our theology assumes that everyple, as well as to individuals). children because, as shrewd Yanone should be educated to the opti- 1. I am convinced that opporkees, they know that a "college

mum of their capacity. The word tunity for education beyond the education"works. It has worked

"educate"is here meant broadly, high school should be available to the magic of social, economic, and to include all the means available all who desire it. Note the absence political advantage, for individuals

in the world's cultures, formal or of any modifying phrase, "and can and for societies. Like men in the

informal. profit by it."The assumption is desert, the American people know

Primary interest attaches to the that all who desire it can profit the importance of educational question of formal education beto some extent. The justifications "water,"especially as dispensed

yond the American secondary are personal satisfaction, selfthrough the institution they have school. Should everyone go to realization, and social utility. come to know as the college. To

school, including colleges and uni- 2. The means for educating deny opportunities to win access

versities, after high school? beyond the high school should to this influence is somewhat like

The following general thoughts be many and various. Technical denying penicillin to pneumonia

are offered without reference to colleges, vocational training instipatients with IQ's below 105, or

If you were 5 years old, who have high school grades ofless than C. you'd know why kids

It is a political fact that, spurred by technical advance and complex like this songbook!economic pressures, the American

people have demanded opportunity for at least some experience beyond high school. It may be only Range keyed to children's singing

broad social experience, the label, abilitySimple accompaniment patterns "yes, I went to college for a couple Words young people can of quarters,"that the parents and understand customers want—rather than love

of learning. Yet, learning is at the Ideal supplementary music for

bottom of it, and the yearning reSunday School, Primary or Family flects the love of learning. Home Evenings. Reinforces concept

taught in church lessons. Helpful

6. The challenge in the questo choristers looking for ideas.

tion, "Who should be educated for what?"lies in the especial challenge to the liberal arts faculties Available at your local bookstore

of public taxsupported institutions or write:

and to the many others who are *Add 150 postage and 120 tax.

blind to the significant opportunities of technical, less "liberal"training. Singing with Joy

A college is a means to an end. 965 North 8th West

The end is enlargement of indiSalt Lake City, Utah 84116 vidual capacity and social well being. It is easy for a college to

reach that end when it has 6,000 WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES the top 200applicants and selects 1 MERCOTYPE ENGRAVED 7 C 7 I Q*J. 1 \lR FIRST 100 'FIRST 100 <V WRmercographFIRST in- $5.75 $7 class. Suchfor its freshman—steel die 100—engraved Genuine plain letters (thermography) Printed on finest or paneled Raised

stitutions have little challenge that vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your is new. They can go on teaching clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

English and mathematics and NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

chemistry and politics as these Temples for your wedding stationery subjects have evolved through the Over 60 styles from which to choose centuries. Such institutions are including all the elegant vellums

and finest parchments in silver the "conservatives"of education. gray and beautiful pastels. Also

They exist to conserve, maintain, informals, enclosures, thank you and elevate high standards of exnotes, at home cards, napkins, cellence in performance and in photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

books, and many accessories.

scholastic achievement. The newer

SATISFACTION COMPLETE WITH is ODDER job, unfinished thechallenge, WILL BE PROMPTLY CONFIDENCE.MONEY GUARANTEED OR REFUNDED.YOUR CHEERFULLY AND the to what extentto determine INVITATIONS ALL ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES. INSIDEAND TISSUEDWEDDING INSERTED INTO AND

aspiring high school graduate with a C average or less, but with deFREE Gifts with every order sire and familysocial pressure, can receive similar benefits. InFREE CATALOG

asmuch as half or twothirds of and FREE mankind have been assigned to Etiquette Wheel academic purgatory by interpreters or (500 if airmail reof Mr. Binet and Mr. Terman and quested) credited on

their sojourners, is it not challengyour order.

ing for some to help create the new M E R C U R Y Name

PUBLISHING CO. Address.

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH Era, March 1970 81 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City State Zip

Scientists Now Agree "Wheat"for Man!

kinds of facilities, the attitudes, tism is a monopoly of talent, which and the teachers who will attempt consigns the multitude to comto meet the challenge? parative ignorance and secures the

7. The IQ, SI, English placebalance of knowledge on the side

ment test results, and all the rest of the rich and the rulers. If then

should not be looked upon as the healthy existence of a free academic iron curtains, or lines government be, as the committee to be held by the Greeks against believe, rooted in the will of the the onslaught of the "barbarian"American people, it follows as a *.. gups hordes. Rather, they should be necessary consequence, of a govMAY WE SHOW YOU HOW THIS viewed as challenging educational ernment based upon that will, that

MILL CAN PUT MONEY IN YOUR frontiers. this monopoly should be broken

POCKET, AND HEALTH ON YOUR Although experienced slightly up and that the means of equal

TABLE?

The new Lynco Wheat Mill is an all after 1918, the weight of the Amerknowledge (the only security for new Idea, using patented grinding stones, ican demand for posthigh school equal liberty) should be rendered, electric will that a powerful and motor, legal provision, the by common country—and flour lbs 5 of convert into cake wheat

1 the We have of all classes."property minutes. to 4 in 3 J/2 educationworld—afterhit this1945.

Without a bulky flour bag, and being been struggling with this new In the early decades of Harvard

Dust, the Lynco FREE of Mill is a good dimension now for 25 years. and Yale, students were "placed"

looking, machine. compact and

There have been heavy new investsocially, and ranked according to

The Lynco Mill can be operated with or without electrical power. ments in psychological tests, the father's position. In the early

FULLY GUARANTEED measurements, counseling faciliordinances of Harvard under PresiFO* MME INFORMATION WRITI: ties, technical colleges, and trade dent Dunster (16401654) appears

LYNCO NATIONAL institutes. The latter have met the the regulation: "Every student

Box 15 weight of this problem with much shall be called by his sirname [sic]

Filer, Idaho 83328 sympathy and a large measure of except he be the son of a noblesocial insight. man, or a knight's eldest son."

Before the "IQ"concept was Thus pedigree determined place, conceived, a Philadelphia Working later influenced by wealth, then

Men's Committee, in the year scholarship, with "degradation"1830, expressed views that today (i.e., the lowering of a student's

constitute part of the challenge: name on the class list) as the pun-

"It is true that the state is not ishment next highest to expulsion.

without its colleges and universiThe ranking of men and women in ties, several of which have been American society by alumni ties fostered with liberal supplies from and psychological testing may be the public purse. Let it be obmore scientific than "degradaserved, however, that the funds so tion."But to deny benefits of an

applied have been appropriated exeducational opportunity beyond clusively for the wealthy, who are the high school, for as many as

Preserve thereby enabled to procure a libaspire to it, could mark a dangerand Protect eral education for their children ous shift of the power structure.

it could That shift could be to ally techniyour copies of upon lower terms than otherwise be afforded to them. cal abilities against the Yale men,

The toFundsengenderthus expendedan aristocracymay ofservetalasIQ'sat belowMichigan11015State,againstthose thosewith ent and place knowledge, the chief above. The nature of such a power ImprovementEra element of power, in the hands of struggle could be far more prejuwith an Era binder the privileged few but can never dicial and disastrous than a strug-

a of prosperity serve the common postpaid $3.00 Now in People Shall Judge i Reprinted The

intellectual as confer extra) nation nor (Index 25c I, Vol. (Chicago, p. 588. 1947),

well as political equality on a 2See Caroline E. Vose, "'Placing'Students

Improvement The Era people. inAmericanColonialReviewDays,"in reprintedLoomis, Freshmanfrom the NorthReadState Street 79 South

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 "The original element of despoings (1927).

82 Era, March 1970 Genealogical Typewriters gle between economic classes, races, or ideological groups.

Aristotle's determinism, no less

tabulator,than Calvin's, namely, that some fullyROYALreconditioned:w/palm

men are destined to be rulers and $99.50

some destined to be slaves, some determined for grace, others for perdition, has never been popular in the United States. Such "Calpay only $172 00 save $30vinism"—namely,in thethatpoliticseither byof educationGod or by

nature only onethird of mankind New Smith Corona electric portable with wide Port,OLYMPIAw/caseLongnew:Carriage$134.50

is destined and endowed with sufcarriage, retails in all stores for $202.00; with

mail order deduct $30.00 from cost price.

ficient talent to profit by college itraining—was overthrown with

Jackson and later by the Supreme

Court of the United States in the race segregation cases.

The old colleges will continue to automatic.UNDERWOOD,Special:completely$89.50

flourish. Those with "sufficient

talent"will continue to enter them.

Democratic idealism and social y processes will continue to be greatly benefitted, with leadership, save a full $50

New Hermes 9, 15"carriage, elite, full feaideas, and artifacts from such intured with a full year guarantee. Retails for REMINGTON Super, w/features

stitutions. $209.50; with mail order only $15Q50 found on $270.00 mach.: $89.50

But in new institutions and in statesupported higher education, the proved advantages of the anName cient college are now being exAddress tended to as many as seek. City, State, Zip

There is also the scientific possibility that the abilities "guessed Please send me for only $ at"(Walter Lippmann said) by "2 My check or money order is enclosed. Please send C.O.D.

Benet in Paris, Terman in California, and many, many others values the solesince, are not or SCHREYER'S, INC. in abilities required all timesthe

and places. All of us are de28 WEST 1ST SO. 3289726

pendent in these times, more than SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84101 we realize, on the faculties and graduates of the technical schools and colleges. The pilot can't fly,

nor the physician or lawyer, without the prior work of the airplane STUDY University credit available mechanic. He deserves our appreABROAD

ciation and respect, together with Return today to Division the lawyer and physicia'n. More Four outstanding tours ofUniversityInternationalof Utah,Education,

young men and women will be wise PAU, FRANCE Salt Lake City, Utah.

if they seek for educational opSUMMER IN EUROPE portunities in the technical fields. FAMILY LIVING NAME

Be assured that their general eduADDRESScation will not be forgotten nor shortchanged. O CITY Open to students, alumni,

and all interested travelers STATE

SALTZjLAKE OjX/1COTTONWOOD OGOENI

Part 10 A NewLook at the Pearl of Great PHce

greatest selection TWO PANT:: "ilfif;;;

WOOL SHARKSKIN SUITS By Dr. Hugh Nibley

designed and tailored Types and Shadows: While it is the vented by men. In the exodus of the

expressly for missionaries unique and different in human experiSaints from Nauvoo, thousands of that engages people ence the suddenly most themselves found movmodern choice men Wisest for young in fancy, the seen, the Egyptian, ing west of winter amid have dead as we appear- a perfect who need of intrigued scenes confusion. charrepeated some But withand was by the

ance—and miles of extra acteristic events of life. The most in three days the entire host was

of a strong Tailored wear! of into organized 12 these ritualevents important were groups—one pair with wool twoply two ized, ritualize just as of the the under inauguraeach comwe apostles—andmain

pants of 97.50 100. tion President panies of a or the Instantly Rose and of 50 and Bowl

other models from 79.95 game, repeating the same plot year quite unintentionally the order of

ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores afterif Abrahamyear withanddifferentSarah wentactors. throughHence, Israelof Lightin inthethewildernessJudean desertand wasthe faithSons

the same routine with King Abimelech fully duplicated. A student of history

as with Pharaoh, it is not because 3,000 years from now might well reProvide the fllfl either or both stories are fabrications, ject the whole account as mythical, as scholars have so readily assumed, since it so obviously reduplicated an raises that funds kings because observing established both pattern. were but

everything to raise need youWe supply of in pattern behavior accepted an is aware of the interTo one who Fair, Fun a crowdpleasing withfunds

Carnival or Bazaar. We bring the equipdealing with eminent strangers. Likeplay of pattern and accident in history,

ment, show you how your own people wise, if Abraham was put on an altarthe stories of the sacrifice of Isaac and run the whole show—and take in the bed like dozens of others, it was because of Sarah are perfect companion pieces

money! No cost for colorful booths and such treatment of important guests to the drama of Abraham on the altar.

prizes for only pay yougames, is first just standard Isaac, for procedure case of the become give had Take who find easy Call and out how todayaway. prevailing in the drought tradicombating another a wellknown Abraham:

it it at time. that tion exact the world in that the has he was

Repeating patterns of history sugimage of his father, 1 so exact, in fact,

SERVICES gest ritual as a means of dramatizing that until Abraham's hair turned white, and controlling events, but they exist there was absolutely no way of disis!FUN in their own right—they are not intinguishing between the two men in

2720 Apple Blossom Lane Salt Lake City, Ut. 84117

Phone 2720213 84 Era, March 1970 spite of their difference of age. 2 "Abrathe sacrifice was actually completed the victim, whether Abraham or Isaac:

ham and Isaac are bound to each and Isaac turned to ashes. 9 On the suddenly the throat is protected by a

other with extraordinary intimacy,"other hand, when the princes ancollar of copper, as it turns to marble, writes a recent commentator; "... the nounced their intention of putting or the knife becomes soft lead. 12 But

traditions regarding the one are not Abraham in a fiery furnace, he is said in the usual account it is dashed from to be distinguished from those conto have submitted willingly: "If there the hand of the officiant by an angel

cerning the other,"e.g., both men leave is any sin of mine so that I be burned, who is visible to the victim on the

home to wander, both go to Egypt, both the will of God be done."10 Indeed, altar but not to the priest. 13 If the

are promised endless posterity and certhe Hasidic version has it that "Abrawood under Abraham and Isaac was tain lands as an inheritance. 3 What ham our father offered up his life for never ignited, neither did the knife

has been overlooked is the truly rethe sanctification of the Name of God ever cut.

markable resemblance between Isaac on and threw himself into the fiery furBeing bound on the altar, Abraham, the altar and Abraham on the altar. nace....*'"The famous play on the as the Book of Abraham and the

First, in both stories there is much words "Ur of the Chaldees"and "Fire legends report, prayed fervently for demade of the preparatory gathering of [ur] of the Chaldees"was probably liverance. Exactly such a prayer was

wood for a "holocaust"that never takes suggested by these traditions—not the offered as Isaac lay on the altar, but

place. Abraham is commanded, "Take other way around, since Isaac escapes though in this case it was Isaac who

now thy son... and offer him... for from the flames in the same way that was in mortal peril, it was again Abra-

a burnt offering."(Gen. 22:2. Italics Abraham does; i.e., the original motif ham who uttered the prayer for deadded.) "Behold, I offer thee now as a requires a fire, not a city called Ur. liverance: "May He who answered

holocaust,"he cries in the PseudoFor all the emphasis on sacrificial Abraham on Mt. Moriah, answer you,

Philo. 4 Accordingly, he "bound Isaac fire, it is the knife that is the instruand may He listen to the voice of your

his son, and laid him upon the altar on ment of execution in the attempted cry this day."14 And just as the angels

the wood,"5 sometimes described as a offerings of Abraham and Isaac: "And appealed to God when they saw Abraveritable tower, just like the structure Abraham stretched forth his hand, and ham on the altar, so later when they

that "Nimrod"had built for Abraham. took the knife to slay his son."(Gen. saw Isaac in the same situation they

And while the Midrash has Isaac carry22:10.) It was always the custom to cried out in alarm: "What will happen

ing the wood of the sacrifice "as one slaughter (zabakh) the victim and then to the covenant with Abraham to carries a cross on his shoulder,"7 so burn the remains to ashes; the blood 'Establish my covenant with Isaac,'for

Abraham before him "took the wood must be shed and the offering never the slaughtering knife is set upon his for the burnt offering and carried it, struggles in the flames. Many stories throat. The tears of the angels fell

just as a man carries his cross on his tell how the knife was miraculously upon the knife, so that it could not shoulder."8 According to one tradition, turned aside as it touched the neck of cut Isaac's throat...."15 It is still

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

service ar- L.D.S. personally Every

Melvin Lowell directed ranged, supervised and Manager, L.D.S.P. RandallDepartment by Mgr, Unit SanJ.GabrielCampbell

these leading L.D.S. Directors. Funeral 2941025 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

R. Reid Wallace E. Baxter Donald PIERCE Associate Associate 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOODBROTHERSMORTUARIES 8383956 2849817

price CasThe of the Osbro CORRECTION!

sette listed in To make your travel Recorder erroneously was the January Era at $59.95. The correct ENJOYABLE

price was to have been $49.95. However, is our business

to encourage to take people advantage the of "listening wonderful opportunity andThelnternational learning,"Knowledge Unlimited is offeringof ORIENTJoin one—ofPALMYRAour manyPAGEANTtours:House of Pancakes this recorder for only $35.00. EUROPE—HAWAII—MEXICO

AFRICA Knowledge AMERICA Unlimited SOUTHRestaurants Order directly from... NORTHWEST—TEMPLE TOUR—

141 East 3rd South Salt Lake City, Utah P.O. Box AC ROSE PASADENA PARADE

3283538 Panorama City, Calif. 91312 SOUTH PACIFIC

or CHI'S TOURS Washington 334 Inc. Blvd. Travel Agency, Ogden, Utah 84404

and ask for free brochure of educational 179 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

tapes. Phone 3221205

NOW!

Abraham for whom the angels are tell him not to do the deed!"And

concerned, even though it is the life of Michael obeyed: "Abraham! Abraham!

Isaac that is in intimate danger. EveryWhat art thou doing?"To this the

thing seems to hark back to the original Patriarch replied, "Who tells me to sacrifice—that of Abraham. Thus, at stop?""A messenger sent from the

3f% the moment that Isaac was freed from Lord!"says Michael. But Abraham anthe altar, "God renewed his promises swers, "The Almighty Himself comto Abraham,"the very promises that manded me to offer my son to Him

had been given at the moment of—only He can countermand the order;

Abraham's own deliverance (Abr. 1:16, I will not hearken to any messenger!"

19); while he in turn prayed to God So God must personally intervene to

"that when the children of Isaac come save Isaac. 23 Such a very peculiar twist YOU CAN to a time of distress, thou mayest reto the story—the refusal of angelic asLIVE IN ofmemberIsaac ontheirtheirfather,behalfandtheloosebindingand sistancedanger—isin introducedthe momentby ofwaysupremeof exforgive their sins and deliver them plaining that it is God and not the

SALT LAKE CITY prayerfrom allfor distress."deliverance17 Thusis handedAbraham'sdown Abraham:angel who ".delivers;.. andsothein angelthe Bookof hisof

at the to Inall bothhis progeny.sacrifice stories an angel unloosedpresence stoodmy bands;by me,andandhisimmediatelyvoice was

comes to the rescue in immediate reunto me: Abraham, Abraham, behold,

sponse to the prayer, while at the same my name is Jehovah, and I have heard time the voice of God is heard from thee, and have come down to deliver NEWHOUSE heaven. This goes back to Genesis thee...."(Abr. 1:1516.) Everything

Center of City 22:1 If, 1518, where "the angel of the indicates that this is the old authentic

Overnight and Residential Lord"conveys to Abraham the words version.

of first sacrifices of role Satan in speaking In the the both person: God

Free Parking.. at his best does. said, is the the the angel of same, "And as he Lord

Family Rooms By myself have I sworn, saith the every step to frustrate the whole busiDaily from $8.00 Lord...."As the Rabbis explained it, ness. As the man in black silk pleaded

"God makes a sign to the Metatron, with Abraham on the altar to be

.."1S or "the Almighty hastened his own life, even so he addresses him MONTHLY RATE whoham. in turn calls out to Abrasensible, yield to the king, and so save

not slay this son."10 son!"thy your To Do That own crazy—killing $190.00 to send his voice from above, saying: at the second sacrifice: "Are you is complication replied, ancient that purnot "For and inwhich Abraham

vented by the doctors, whom it puzzled, pose he was born."Satan then PRIVATE ROOM—BATH is indicated in the "lioncouch"situaaddressed Isaac: "Are you going to

ALL—MEALSMAIL FORandDETAILSSERVICES—tionappearancein which,of theas heavenlywe have messengerseen, the allowanswered,this?""I Andknowthewhatyoungis goingman anon,

is accompanied by the voice of the and I submit to it."24 First Satan had

NEWHOUSE Lord of all, which is heard descending done everything in his power to block 4th South and Main from above. It is Abraham who estheir progress on the road to the mounSalt Lake City, Utah 84101 tablishes the standard situation: how tain, 25 and then as a venerable and

many times in his career did he find kindly old man he had walked along

Name himself in mortal danger only to pray with them, piously and reasonably and be delivered by an angel? An pointing out that a just God would

angel came to rescue the infant in the not demand the sacrifice of a son. 26

Address cave when his mother had given him It was even Satan, according to some, up for dead; the same angel came to who dashed the knife from Abraham's

rescue the child Abraham from the hand inthe last moment. 27 In both

Print Name and Address soldiers, saying, "Do not fear, for the stories it is Satan who suggests the

Mighty One will deliver thee from the sacrifice in the first place, 28 and then hand of thine enemies!"20 The same does everything in his power to keep

angel delivered him first from starvait from being carried out. Why is that?

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS tion in prison and then from death in The explanation is given both times:

Aids in treatment of simple sore the flames. So it is not surprising Mastema suggests the supreme sacrifice

that the angel who comes to rescue in order to discredit Abraham with the throat and other minor mouth and Isaac puts a stop to the proceedings angels, for he is sure that the prophet throat irritations. by calling out "Abraham, Abraham"will back out in the end. As soon as

(Gen. 22:1 If), while Isaac remains it becomes perfectly clear, therefore,

HALL'S REMEDY passiveOne ofthroughout.the strangest21 turns of the becomesthat Abrahamalarmed,is notandbackingto keepout, Satanfrom

Salt Lake City, Utah Abraham story was surely Abraham's losing his bet he wants to call the refusal to be helped by the angel, with whole thing off.

its striking Egyptian parallel. 22 SurprisIn a recent and important study,

GENEALOGY PHOTOS ingly enough, the same motif occurs A. R. Rosenberg has pointed out that

its sacrifice Isaac. of of Isaac has the background in the sacrifice For according Prices Highest Quality—Lowest

rite substitute of the Canaanitish ordered in the to Michael, the Midrash, God Negatives 200 Copy rite in to "celebrated and king, was which "Delay not, hasten Abraham 200 Pedigree Prints—5 for

Complete prices on request D & M PHOTO SERVICE 306 Cypress Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 86 Era, March 1970

THE VOICE OF A PROPHET President both Persia and Babylonia in connecDavid O. McKay

tion with the acronical rising of Sirius Selected discourses of President McKay demanded... the [as Saturn] god who of counsel timeless with messages

29 sacrifices."have alforhuman the We Church encouragement and

ready noted that the worship of Sirius and the world. The jacket cover

played a conspicuous part, according contains a tribute to President McKay to the Book of Abraham 1:9, in the written by Norman Vincent Peale

rites involving the sacrifice of Abraand published in Guidepost Magazine.

ham. In connection with the offering

of Isaac, Rosenberg lays great emphasis on a passage from the Book of $3.95

Enoch: "... the Righteous One shall

arise from sleep and walk in the paths of righteousness,"the figure on the altar being the Righteous One. 30 At

once we think of "the weary one"or Available through your local LDS Dealer or "the sleeping one"who arises from the confirms lioncouch.the What ELECTRONIC MEDIA DEPARTMENT

"as Isaac that is the reportassociation sacrificed, the Arelim to be aboutwas the BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY For in heaven."31 to roarbegan

Arelim are "the divine lions,"31 whose 192 H. R. Clark Building

role in Egyptian sacrifical rites we have Provo, Utah 84601 already explained. Thus, even the lion

motif is not missing from our two sacrifice stories. The close resemblance between the AROUND THE WORLD

sacrifices and Isaac, far of Abraham of with the authenticityfrom impugning either well be viewed story, may as W. Cleon Skousen points Finkel of both.a confirmation J.

out that there are many close parallels London Cairo Holyland to of Isaac of the sacrifice the story in India Hong Kong Japan Expo literature, are theseancient and that "overwhelmingly ritualistic,"32 that is, May 25 Departure they belong to a category of events JUUULSULGJLOJUUL2J really set patternthat follow a and yet of the OTHER TOURS FOR 70 the mountaindo happen. "On

Temple Abraham offered Isaac his EUROPE HAWAII SOUTH PACIFIC son,"according to a Targum, "and on SOUTH AMERICA DOMESTIC this mountain—of the Temple—the CARIBBEAN SCANDINAVIAN

glory of the Shekhinah of the Lord was revealed to him."33 What happened MURDOCK TRAVEL INC.

there was the type and shadow of the 14 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

temple ordinances to come, which were 3283161 in turn the type and shadow of a Gentlemen:

sacrifice. one sacrificegreater The Please send the brochure on your me in the being,prefigures the other, Round the World Tour

perfect, "less St. Ambrose, ofwords

Isaac of thebut still same order."34 is n SendTour mefor your1970 brochure on your

a type: "Any man,"says the Midrash.

"who acknowledges that there are two NAME worlds, is an Isaac,"and further explains, "Not Isaac but in Isaac—that ADDRESS

is, a portion of the seed of Isaac, not all of it...."35 In exactly the same

type: is a toosense Abraham "... and INDIAN RECORD ALBUMS Hi Protein Low Moisture Priesthood) in (that is, thyin thee Stereo music in Lamanite

and in thy seed... shall all the famiGo My Son—12 Songs ( $2.75 1

(Abr. blessed."lies of the earth be 14 Songs From—

Italics Far from being2:11. added.) for each $4.50> $8.50 WHEAT |33#CanJ 2 the Eagle's—Bed

disturbed by resemblances, we should Blue Eagle Records Shipped Nationwide FOB UTAH find them most reassuring. Is it surBox 330 University Station DAVID G. YOUNGS

prising that the sacrifice of Isaac looked Provo, Utah 84601 P.O. BOX 6132 ALBANY, CA. 94706

both forward and back, as "Isaac thought of himself as the type of offerings to come, while Abraham thought of himself as atoning for the guilt of

Adam,"or that "as Isaac was being PLEASE USE YOUR ZIP CODE bound on the altar, the spirit of Adam,

The U.S. Post Office and The Improvement Era need your

help. By giving us your zip code number, you will be assured speedy delivery of your Era.

the first man, was being bound with what is going on,"says Isaac on the him"? 36 It was natural for Christians altar, "and I submit to it!"46 In time

to view the sacrifice of Isaac as a type the main significance of the Akedah, of the Crucifixion, yet it is the Jewish the binding of Isaac, was on the freesources that comment most impreswill offering of the victim for the sively on the sacrifice of the Son. When atonement of Israel; we are even told

at the creation of the world the angels that Isaac at the age of 37 actually asked, "What is man that Thou "asked to be bound on the Day of shouldest remember him?"God reAtonement and Abraham functioned as

47 plied: Priest altar."shall the the In see at the slay the father "You High to RAISE $50 $500

is his son, a great deal of way, same to and consenting the son be made for your or church group

Easily, slain, quickly this with "I beautiful to sanctify willingness: Abraham's decorative plate with was name."my 37 When

Raise needed cash with inspiring wall plates porAbraham performed "the various sacrithee,"says God in the Midrash, "when traying a beautiful scene of the LAST SUPPER in fices that should once be brought in thou didst willingly offer for my full colors. radiant

to fiery furto enter sake name's the sins for atone the Temple, the of Artistically crafted of gleaming white porcelain, 43 with roses pink lavish and 18 to KARAT Israel,"nace."refused hishe the was Abraham shown whole When elaborate on scalloped borders. Friends, decoratedGOLD

of tory escape Prince the the world, though Jectan opened the and of coming neighbors, relatives will this handfinished want plate to grace their beautify and homes. the for resurrection, Messiah the him, and the told Prince and way him,

of never your \i spend You own money his in the will end father "Your blood how be your would own upon own start, will plates ship you 100To Anna Wade ON to be saved head,"ministrations by sell behalf which the Simply cheerfully hero have on 10 each 10CREDIT. members

plates each. proceeds Return $75 of and of the 3S So, as dead. agreed.49 According tradition, has Smith to one Joseph treasury. yourkeep $50at $1.25for to 60 days. Take up

us, told perfectly of was had the choice Abraham Abraham aware now. handingMail coupon

to the over entire the king plan sort of of salvation and of or token some CLIP TODAY. of COUPONMAIL 39 his seal in it. (a place brick it?) with or his name on WADE, ANNA Dept. 364JC

Lynchburg, Va. 24505 The importance of the sacrifice of giving up his life, and he deliberately

details Rush complete 50—obligation - of no FREE is as Isaac latter. of a type chose the brought atonement teachHasidic The for your plan our to raise group up and

more inspirational your Plate toshowing$500 the in out ing that references was to father our many the "Abraham cosmic LAST withSUPPER.

.. significance offered his life of the up. and threw himtook ram which Name

51 self Isaac's into its place. fiery the furnace."From horn There Print) (Please was made

Address the shofar which was to be blown on need be no sense of competition beafter to reNew Year's Day forever

City State..Zip. mind the people offering "of the of tweenhere—othersthe meritstoo haveof fathermade andthe sonsu-

| Name of Organization Isaac as an atonement for Israel."40 preme sacrifice—but the significance of

According to Rabbi Eliezer, its left horn Abraham's test on the altar, as R. J.

announces the redemption of Israel at Loewe points out, "is that Abraham the New Year, while its right horn will in Nimrod's furnace is the first of those be the trumpet that announces the who willingly gave up his life for theTROPHIES millennium. 41 Every part of the ram sanctification of the divine Name."52

figures in the history of Israel's salvaThis assigns a very important place inPROVE tion: Its ashes form the foundation of the history of the atonement to the

the inner altar, its sinews make the ten drama depicted in the Book of AbraTRAINING strings of David's harp, its skin is ham and strongly attests its authenElijah's girdle, one of its horns is ticity.PAYS blown on Sinai and the other for the The Resurrection Motif: In the

The trophies finalaltar gatheringof Isaac, ofwhichall Israel.42is supposedLike theto drama,Egyptian theversionsresurrectionof the "lioncouch"motif was

won by Robert have been the same one on which paramount. The sacrifices of Isaac and

Steur and his Adam, Cain, Abel, and Noah sacrificed Abraham, apart from typifying the before atonement, and also on which were David and Soloforeshadowings staff are to offering were of the resurrection. thereafter,43 mon make perare There trophies more—than is the of traditions one those ram in symbols that sistent case each that the

they are solid binds all times, places, and dispensavictim actually was put to death, only evidence of the tions together in a single unified plan. to be resurrected on the spot. We have

kind of excellence But if Isaac is a type of the Messiah seen in the Abraham stories how, when you share when yoir asis no"thelessSufferingso. EvenServant,"while heAbrahamlabors nocatapultedknife couldinto cutthe hisfire,throat,whichhetherewas

study at ROBERT to minimize any spiritual resemblance upon was instantly transformed into a

STEUR COLLEGE between Christ and Abraham, M. Sogblooming bower of delicious flowers

reluctantly confesses that and fruits the hissat amid which AbrahamOF BEAUTY. gin

53 torical enjoying and literary parallels himself in between angelic company.

the two are most conspicuous. 44 R. This at once calls to mind the image

Graves has called attention to the found in numerous (and very early) various signs and characteristics that Oriental seals and murals of the reshow that Abraham himself was a vived or resurrected king sitting beJoin the type of the sacred victim as a substineath an arbor amid the delights of the winners! tute offering—for a king, just as feast Isaac cites at the Year. 54 St. Jerome New

45 was. point of belief a An important resemthat Jewish with the rescue Abraham's

blance is sacrifices between the altar two from the the equivalent of a was finest beauty COLLEGE OF BEAUTY complete of freedom will rebirth with It resurrection.55 or is Abraham education

the k whichthe victim submits. leads in out the resurrection: "I know who

available 1205 Wilmington Avenue anywhere! Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

(801) 4869367 "After these things,"says the Testaand the rabbinical tradition, especially ment of Judah (25:1), "shall Abraham when it was directed against the claims

and Isaac and Jacob arise unto life, and of the Christians, insisted that the

I (Judah) and my brethren shall be sacrifice of Isaac was the perfect sacrichiefs of the tribes of Israel."fice, thus obviating the need for the

The stories of the resurrection of atoning death of Christ. "Though the

Isaac are quite explicit. As Rabbi idea of the death and resurrection of

Eliezer puts it, "When the blade Isaac was generally rejected by rabtouched his neck, the soul of Isaac fled binic Judaism,"writes R. A. Rosenand departed... but at the words berg, still the proposition was accepted

'lay not thy hand...'his soul returned "that Isaac was 'the perfect sacrifice,'

to his body and he stood upon his feet the atonement offering that brings forand knew that in this manner the giveness of sins through the ages."65

dead in the future would be quickened. Accordingly, the blood of the Paschal

is considered of lamb the said: Blessed art thou, to be blood heAnd O Lord,

03 Isaac, according to and quickeneth the dead."Jewish some 56 Anotherwho

tradition is that "the tears of the angels sectaries the real purpose of the Passfell upon the knife, so that it could not over is to celebrate the offering of Isaac cut Isaac's throat, but for terror his rather than the deliverance from soul escaped from him"—he died on Egypt.66 It wasn't only the sectaries,

the altar.57 Another has it that as the however: "In Rabbinical writings all

knife touched his throat "his life's sacrifice is a memorial of Isaac's self67spirit departed—his body became like oblation."

ashes,"i.e., he actually became a burnt The Uncompleted Sacrifice: But the

offering;58 or, as G. Vermes puts it, stories of Isaac's "resurrection"are

"though he did not die, scripture scattered, conflicting, and poorly atcredits Isaac with having died and his tested, however persistent, and this ashes having lain upon the altar."59 leads to serious difficulty: "The main

But he only dies in order to prefigure problem was, of course,"writes Vermes, the resurrection, for immediately God "the obvious fact that Isaac did not sent the dew of life "and Isaac received actually die on the altar."68 The whole

his spirit again, while the angels joined biblical account, in fact, focuses on in a chorus of praise: Praised be the the dramatic arrest of the action at itsEternal, thou who hast given life to climax—"Lay not thine hand upon the

the dead!"60 In another account God lad."(Gen. 22:12. Italics added.) It

orders Michael to rush to the rescue: has often been claimed, in fact, that

"Why standest thou here? Let him not the story of Isaac's sacrifice really rebe slaughtered! Without delay Michael, cords the abolition of human sacrifice,

anguish in his voice, cried out: 'Abrawhen Abraham decides it will not be

ham! Abraham! Lay not thy hand upon necessary. 69 But the validity of the

the lad.... At once Abraham left off sacrifice, according to the Rabbis, lay in

from Isaac, who returned to life, reIsaac's complete willingness to be ofvived by the heavenly voice."61 Isaac fered, which has been called "the most

is a symbol of revival and renewal profound and anomalous religious "Is any thing too hard for the Lord?"concept ever known to the human

(Gen. 18:14.) At his birth, we are mind,"being nothing less than "the

told, both Abraham and Sarah recornerstone of the whole Jewish thegained their youth. 62 And "just as God ology of the love of God."70 Abraham My

gave a child to Abraham and Sarah may have known that Isaac was in no this special of remembrance Copies all lost 7ith said, real hope, so they per danger he had he canwhen when w

O. David President 63 autographed by feetrestore confidence, will son, R. Jerusalem."Graves God "My When 15"11"in x available are McKay to a that forsurmises provide himself according a burni lamb "Abraham for portrait, ready white black and

his offering"the withand (Gen. 22:8), custom by renew youth would when post- (includes framing. $3.50 Send

the sacrifice of his firstborn son,"he is out equivocation he told the two young age and handling) to Bravo Enterreferring to a custom which Abraham men who escorted them to the mounprises, Box 44, Layton, Utah 84041.

fervidly denounced but which was tain: "... I and the lad will go yonder Please include name, address, and

nonetheless observed in his own family, and worship, and come again to you"zip code.

according to the Book of Abraham (Gen. 22:5); Isaac did not know it—it

(1:30), which reports that his own was he who was being tested. But

father "had determined against me, to Abraham had already been tested in take away my life."The famous Strassthe same way; if "Isaac... offeree'

burg Bestiary begins with a vivid himself at the Binding,"so before his scene of the sacrifice of Isaac followed day the youthful "Abraham... threw

by the drama of the sacrificial death himself into the fiery furnace.... If

and resurrection of the fabulous we follow in their footsteps they will

Phoenixbird, the Egyptian and early stand and intercede for us on the holy

Christian symbol of the resurrection. 6 * and awesome day."71 Isaac was being pageSee howbookthisholdsamazingthe key32to Why the insistence on the death and tested even as other saints are tested, your greatest success as a parent.

in habits of children harmful of Points to causes the remove way perfect Eliezer since, asresurrection Because a of Israel? it, "the puts Rabbi

If while helping cheerful prompt, obedience you ages. want

sacrifice, testingsacrifice in righteous now. of the here every for Free child send Booklet advance below... allyour be a complete way must—

Parents Association, Dept.l 973, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 45359.

Era, March 1970 89 the the story himself: is essential of the unito of Abraham the plan nameless

in fact, "strongMidrash, verse."and Sarai names are unknown Abram 72 The

ly emphasized the parallelism between to most Christians, because of the the sacrifice of Isaac and the willing explicit command, "Do not call Sarah Electric Heat martyrdom of other heroes and heroSarai"anymore; "do not call Abraham

their suffered names, ines,"including were once who many Abram"—those

Israel finally in Isaac, deaths. 73 terribly painful but no more! 81 When

for categoes turns short, to the honorable belongs and to Abraham to God is Pure retold, of instead instruction, are willing to be gory of were we those who "Partakers of Christ's sufferings,"as teaching them himself, he will refer all the saints and martyrs have been. them to Isaac, who will in turn pass Comfort (1 Pet. 4:13, etc.) them on to Jacob and so on down to

The second problem raised by the Moses—it is from the latest prophet of

that dispensation latest people the Isaac's sacrifice the the that was... puts a springclaim

principle, this instruction.82 receive ultimate atonement is that the shedOn

like freshness in ding of blood did not cease with it: "If the only words of the Father in the

Isaac's sacrifice atones,"asks Vermes, New Testament are those which inevery room. "why was further daily sacrifice in the troduce his Son and turn all the offices

Temple necessary?"74 Circumcision no of the dispensation over to him. (Matt.

less than the Akedah "remains a never- 3:17, 17:5, etc.)

ceasing atonement for Israel, being It was necessary to overshadow and performed by Abraham himself and even supplant the story of Abraham's 'on the Date of Atonement,'and upon sacrifice by that of Isaac if Isaac were the spot on which the altar was later to have any stature at all with posto be erected in the Temple,"75 but for terity. Scholars long declared both

all that, no one claims that all the Law Isaac and Jacob, imitating Abraham is fulfilled in it. "Students of Christian in everything, to be mere shadow figorigins have come increasingly to ures, mythical creatures without any

realize,"writes Rosenberg, a Jew, "... real personalities of their own. Jacob,

that the sacrifice of Isaac was to be to be sure, has some interesting if not reenacted Isaac,'by the 'new a 'son of the old, was God.'who,"7C> Thelike whataltogetheris left creditablefor Isaac? experiences,The three standbut

early Christian teaching was that, as before us as a trio: "Abraham instituted

to sacrifice about prayer, the morning Isaac the his noon son on prayer, Utah Power & Light Co. thehe wasmountain, the evening prayer,"and Jacob Christ's Abraham "saw

day and yearned for it. There he saw i.e., they all share in establishing a

the Redemption of Adam and rejoiced, single body of rites and ordinances. 83

and it was revealed to him, that the One does not steal the glory of the

Messiah would suffer in the place of other. Great emphasis is laid by the

Adam."77 But the old Isaac, called in Rabbis on the necessary equality of

the Targum "the Lamb of Abraham,"78 merit and glory between Abraham and

ATTENTION HIGH g neitherput an endsufferedto thesacrificialshedding deathof blood.nor Isaac,special84 aspectwhile ofeachthe emphasizesdivine economy:some

act earnest things of an Great was was the to Abraham One, Jacob that in SCHOOL SENIORS f Hiscome, and puts the the Little One, and Isaac it on same came who

Here are your M level as the sacrifice of Abraham. between was "the servant of Jehovah

Church Colleges: This explains, we believe, the abwho was delivered from the bonds of

sence of the story of Abraham on the his Master."85 The special emphasis on

sacrificial Isaac is as of the pages the If his victim. the altar from TestaOld College Ricks 1

it sacrifice imperfect points ment. G. type,"that was Vermes "an out Rexburg, Idaho

still in biblical perfect the whereas earlier the version of than more the was *LDS Business College sacrifice of Abraham "the principal sacrifice of Abraham on a pagan altar,

Salt Lake City, Utah actors were Abraham and God,"other and in every way it qualified to superversions, even in very early times, sede it. Though it was an equal test

Brigham Young University "somewhat surprisingly shift the for both men, "purged and idealized

Provo, Utah emphasis and focus their interest on by the trial motivation,"86 the second the person of Isaac."70 Whatever the sacrifice was the true type of the

shift, for this detailed In the long atonement. and a very it was Quarter Begins reason *Summer ".. story history of of the the one:. the of Binding emphatic Abraham June 16, 1970

in could safely to be a sacrifice played thought have Isaac was Canaan unique role in the whole economy of omitted in deference to the nobler the salvation of Israel, and to have a repetition, which, while it added no permanent redemptive effect on behalf less to the glory of Abraham, preserves of its people."80 It completely sup- a sense of proportion among the

HEARING AIDS planted the earlier episode of the sacPatriarchs.

* V rificeprincipleof thatAbraham"the lateron repetitionthe ancientof theAbrahamsacrifice ofgetsIsaacas muchas he doescreditfromout hisof had! an event% OFF altar—he

of tiny, SELECTIONLARGEST life countless to be.. forgotten.". causes the81 Theearlierprincipleoccurownalreadyadventurerisked hison ownthe ear, renceallin-theear, the behind

eyeglassFREE HOMEand TRIAL.pocket Nomodels.obliis nowhere better illustrated than in times; how much dearer to him in his

gation. Money back guarantee. No down payment. Easy

terms. No salesmen or dealers. Order direct and save 65%. Write for free catalog.

PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018. 90 Era, March 1970

When you're in Salt Lake City for Conference—

old age was the life of his only son and heir! And since the two sacrifices

typify the same thing, nothing is lost to Abraham and much is gained for

Isaac by omitting the earlier episode from the Bible. But that episode left

an indelible mark in the record. The

learned Egyptologist who in 1912 charged Joseph Smith with reading the sacrifice of Isaac into Facsimile No. 1

and the story of Abraham was apparently quite unaware that ancient Jewish writers of whom Joseph Smith knew nothing told the same story that he did about Abraham on the altar. Theimportant thing for the student of the—especially if it's raining!

Book of Abraham is that the sacrifice

East Fourth Southof Abraham was remembered—and 420

—asvividlya recalledhistoricalin event.nonbiblicalThis sourcesmakes Salt3430LakeSouthCity,StateUtah

it almost certain that it was a real event, for nothing is less probable 34th and Washington Blvd.

than that the Jews would at a very Ogden, Utah early time invent a story which, while adding little or nothing to the supreme glory of Abraham, would do definite damage to Isaac's one claim to fame.

If the binding on the altar—the American Express We also have

to be glory the "uniqueAkedah—was goes just about a 62page entirely to in orderof Isaac,"it was

quietly drop the earlier episode of every place fullcolor book

Abraham that anticipates and overyou'd ever that'll shadows it, just as it is right and proper to forget that the hero was want to go. give you

once called Abram. Expo 70 and the all the details.

Back to the LionCouch: Recent

studies of the sacrifice of Isaac emphaOrient. Clip this and

size as its most important aspect the Expo 70 and the get isprinciple of substitution, also which to: Send Pacific. 70. Worldbasic sacrifice of in the Mr. Child Abraham. Paul As J. South

American Company it,Finkel expressed "evidently the No. 10 Express2nd it West South and Explore Expo 70

City, Salt Utah Lake 84101 story of the (ofprimary Isaac) aim 3289733 world. the for free. to to sanction give divinewas the around

87 substitution."law of not Isaac was in to the Name All from So come

only saved by a.substitute, but he himsubstituting for another.self was "A American Express world's City

ram by the name of Isaac went at the and largest State Zip herd.head of Abraham's Gabriel took

him and brought him to Abraham, and we'll help you travel company.

he sacrificed him instead of his son."88 plan

so, said,As he did Abraham AMERICAN EXPRESS "Since I your trip. sonbrought a sacrificial to you as my

animal be in thine eye as if it were my son lying on the altar."80 Accordingly,

altar,"whatsoever did the by Abraham.. great opportunities 1000s

is said, exclaimed, 'This insteadhe and motels, resorts, manage mobile home parks,to etc. lack daily begging""go due in the West The Best it son,of considered be and may my plan people. Easy homestudy toshows

Travel with retire rainedwomen, couples how good inbefore place the of Lord my fresh air of son.'income,men, years fun - 20to aheadto and

resort. Your area Free or vacation the sacrifice acceptedAnd God livingown of the time!reat plenty and themrent,

orram, and Kit"VI DA FOX CLAWSON as owner big as though it was accounted to "Careerenjoy manager. Sendof timefor

plus report. revealing Your "Owning 90it Isaac."noble, been Himself had will FREE! Motel"No salesman -ALL Owncall. ORIENT EXPO 70—AMERICAN NORTH - HOTEL MOTEL SCHOOL MANAGEMENT substitutionIsaac the of saved by was

Dr.. California Dept. Newport. Campus 92660 TOKYO KONG HONG 1253.OF—TAIPEI—victim."91"a noble HAWAII $998 MANILA—

But, important, Hi Moisture Protein himself he was more Low a substitute. tradition,""In Jewish—

writes "Isaac A. R. Rosenberg, is the $2.75 HILLHISTORICCUMORAHTOURPAGEANTprototype of the 'Suffering Servant,'WHEAT 33# Can July 24 -August 10

altar as a sacrifice."92 the onbound Nationwide Shipped FOB UTAH So. 13th East Phone: 3280303 216 title that of has theRosenberg shown G. DAVID YOUNGS Utah Salt Lake City, 84102Suffering Servant used in the was AnCA. 94706 P.O. 6132 ALBANY, BOX

cientking"—theEast tonobledesignatevictim."theAccordingly,substitute ened,(see versesand he1012)—allshall prosper"becausegreatlyhe

the "new Isaac"mentioned in Maccahath poured out his soul unto bees 13:12 must be "a 'substitute king'death..."(verse 12). Such was the

who dies that the people might live.""3 reward of Abraham, with the assurThe starting point in Rosenberg's inance also that by the knowledge gained

vestigation is Isaiah 52:13 to 53:12. he would be able to sanctify others.

which "seems to constitute a portion of (See verse 11.) In the end the Suffer-

a ritual drama centering about a simiing Servant becomes the great interlar humiliation, culminating in death, cessor: "he bare the sin of many, and

of a 'substitute'for the figure of the made intercession for the transgressors"king of the Jews."If we examine these (53:12), just as Abraham does, as the

passages, we find that they fit the great advocate for sinners living and story of Abraham's sacrifice even betdead. Thus Isaiah 52:1353:12, while

Prices ter than that of Isaac. vividly recalling the suffering of

are LOW Thus beginning with Isaiah 52:13 we Isaac, is an even better description of

in Idaho see the Suffering Servant raised up on Abraham on the altar.

high, reminding us of the scene from The sacrifice of the substitute king is the Midrash (Midr. Rab. 43:5): "... found all over the ancient world. Acstyles, Scores of or thermographed Durathey cut cedar cording to altar a great Rosenberg, rite and made the was

direct the accessories. Buy graved,all (hernah) and placed "celebrated in him on high both Persia it on and BabyWest's leading manufactursave from and

er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush and they bowed down in mockery lonia in connection with the acronical

orders shipped same day received! before him and said to him, 'Hear us, rising of Sirius,"sometimes identified

Lord!'and the like. They said to him, in this connection with Saturn, "the

'Thou art King over us! Thou art exgod who demanded human sacrifice."94

alted above us! Thou art a god over The Book of Abraham has already apus!'But he said to them, 'The world prised us of the importance of Sirius

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail does not lack its king, nor does it lack (Shagreel) in the sacrificial rites of desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 its God!'"(Midr. Rab. 43:5.) Here the Plain of Olishem, and it even

Name—Abrahamdenounces boththe rites.rejectsThetheMidrashoffice alsoand waslaborsthethe normalpoint thatorderhumanof thingssacrificein

Address. indicates that the rites of Isaac were Canaan in Abraham's day. We have

City, State, Zip. matched by heathen practices, his taken the position from the first that

Akedah resembling the binding of the Abraham was put on the altar as a princes of the heathen, since every nasubstitute for the king, an idea first tion possesses at its own level "a suggested by the intense rivalry be- 'prince'as its guardian angel and tween the two, as indicated both in the patron."(Midr. Rab. 56:5.) legends and in the Book of Abraham.

The next verse (52:14), the picture Since the series in the Era began,

of the Suffering Servant with "visage Rosenberg's study of the sacrifice of... marred,"recalls Abraham led out Isaac has appeared, with the final conto sacrifice after his long suffering in clusion that in the earliest accounts of

prison while the princes and the wise that event "both the Jewish and Chrismen mock. Verse 15, telling of the tian traditions stem ultimately from the

kings who shut their mouths in amazeancient Canaanite cult of Jerusalem, ment, recalls the 365 kings who were in which periodically the King, or a astounded to behold Abraham's desubstitute for the King, had to be oflivery from the altar. In 53:1 the arm fered for a sacrifice."95 It was to just

of the Lord is revealed, as it is unbesuch a cult—in Canaan—that we traced

knownst to the others in the delivery the sacrifice of Abraham, and that is of Abraham. (Cf. Abr. 1:17.) Isaiah why we have been at such pains to

53:2 emphasizes the motif, drought point out the close and thoroughgoingFOR YOUR FAMILY which, seen, is never as we have missresemblances the between

GOOD HEALTH ing from the rites of the substitute are essentially the same ritetwo:and havethey

king. In verses 3 to 8 the Suffering the same background. If the one reis your own Servant GRIND flectsSTONE beaten that "the ancient be in cult"we Canaanite may

flour grain withwhole a LEE substitute for all us. of for "a substitute In which to the King had healed—aKitchen Size MILL. FLOUR

is verse 8 he "taken prison from be offered,"so does and the other. vital stored in energy RosenThe

grain, whole stone to from100% judgment"be "cut says of berg sacrifice the off out of Isaac most toground, your adds family the land living,"of the as certainly exactly goes cult, to that back the andhealth enjoyment. and

to according Abraham the was flatly tradiBook tells us that of Abraham vitamins, mineralsNatural tions. Verse us of 9 reminds the sacrifice does. Abraham Cerof Abraham nuhealth givingand nature's

intrients of every morsel the 10—in wicked "it tainly Canaan, its the and verse story in Abraham pagan

rolls,bread, eakes you and..."pleased the Lord to bruise setting to nearer him original the is muchbake.

recalls the description of as rite substituteking in all Abraham its details the flavor lip smackingTEST a son being mercilessly a beaten story, than is the Isaac by is a which Stone Ground Flour.of LEE

$1.50 forSend post paid. loving father 5#'s but never sizable complaining. step removed from it. The

full informaGet recipes and Finally the reward: Because substitute his soul sacrifice is a red thread that

tion. was placed as an offering, he shall see runs through the early career of the

LEE ENGINEERING CO. his progeny, his days shall be lengthProphet: The life of the infant Abra2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, Wis. 53203

Dept. IE 3-70 92 Era, March 1970

ham when his brother Haran substituted a slave child to be killed in his place; 96 then Haran himself died forAbraham in the flames; 96 and then Big Boy

Abraham was saved from the lioncouch when the priest was smitten in his stead (Abr. 1:17, 29); finally his

life was saved by his wife Sarah, whowas willing to face death to rescue him FAMILY again from the lioncouch. This last

muchmisunderstood episode deservescloser attention. RESTAURANTS

OGDEN LOGAN (To be continued) SALT LAKE PROVO

TWIN FALLS BOISE FOOTNOTES IDAHO FALLS 1 B. Beer, Leben Abraham's, p. 47; L. Ginzberg, Legends of the Jeios, Vol. 1, p. 262; for

explanation,Rashi's LAS VEGAS G. Abrahams, The Jewish BOB'S BIG BOY in RENO 51, n. 1.Mind, p.

2 M. J. bin Gorion, Die Sagen der Juden, I,

325. And Now, JB's Junior's In Bountiful And Sugar House

J H.G. Vermes,Seebass, ScriptureErzvater andIsraels,Traditionp. 105.in Judaism (Leiden: Brill, 1961), pp. 199f for text.

5 Ibid., 209. p.

is Beer, op.

7 in I. Levi, cit.,Rev.pp.des66,Etudes182. Juives, Vol. 59 (NEW! ELECTRIC WHEAT CRACKER

(1912), 8 Bin Gorion,p. 169. II, 300. saves money—Freshly cracked wheat for one

9 Beer, p. 67.

1 o VI, 11. Cf. Isaac's speeches cent per serving! PseudoPhilo,

Beer,in Fill the hopper, flick the switch 11 N. N.p. 65.Glatzer, Faith and Knowledge, p. saves time—

178. and the job's done!

12 Bin Gorion, 13 Beer, II,Sometimes303. Abraham lets the Costs only a little more than the oldfashioned p. 67:

knife fall, and sometimes it is not the angel hand grinder.

but Satan who dashes it from his hand. Cf. bin Fully adjustable grind from coarse to fine II,Gorion, p. 287.

14 195. p. Vermes, either on Operates DC AC or

15 L. Ginzberg,

colors, or of white sandalwood Choice /.,32:2-4;Vol. 1,completep. 281. Latin text 16 PseudoPhilo,

199200.in Vermes, pp. Only $26.95 postage prepaid

loc. 17 cit.; see next note. Ginzberg,

18 Targums cited at length in Vermes, pp. Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back. Order

14950. 19 PseudoPhilo, loc. cit. today, stating color choice, from

20 Maase Abraham, in Jellineck, Beth haDavid G. Youngs Food Storage Supplies

Midrasch 21 Bin Gorion,I, 28. II, 287. Box 6132, Albany, Ca 94706

22 Discussed in the Era, Vol. 72 ( August (Calif, residents add $1.35 sales tax)

1969), p. 76. In all the apocryphal accounts of

Abraham on the altar he refuses the assistance proffered by the angel, saying that God alone

ICE Jellinck, in for Abraham,will him. REAL HONESTto-GOODNESS deliver Maase that CRAVING You'll always SATISFY

Midrash de I, 34, and haMidraschBeth yourseif to "TREAT"you whenever CREAM elAhbar, ibid., p. Ka'b 41; Abinu,Abraham

text in Rev. des Etudes, Vol. 70 (1920), p.

23 Beer, p. 68. 24 1. Levi, in Rev. des Eludes Juives, Vol. *DISTINCTIVE*

59, p. 169.

25 Ginzberg, L. J., Vol. 1, pp. 27677.

20 Beer, p. 62, citing S. haYashar, 7779,

Midrash.and

2 7 Bin Gorion, II, 287. SwJtj ictOwom

28 Levi, op. cit., pp. 166f.

29 R. A. Rosenberg, in Journal of Biblical

Literature, p. 382. Vol. 84 (1965), Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations

the 30 Ibid., quoting Book of Enoch p. 385,

92:3, which Rosenberg calls "the most im36 Incomparable Flavors

portant text yet discovered of the Jewish literature."apocalyptic visit CITY to SALT LAKE your Remember,

31 Ibid., 382. p.

visit until Snelgroves you is not complete in Proceedings of the American Finkel, 32 J.

Academy of Jewish Research, Vol. 3 (1930),

15.p. 33 Vermes, op. cit., p. 195. AMERICA'S FINEST ICE CREAM STORES

34 39293.J. Danielou, in Biblica, Vol. 28 (1947), 850 East 21st South 222 East South Templepp.

35 Midr. M. Braude, Ps., 105:1. OPEN 10 A.M. to MIDNIGHT CLOSED SUNDAYS

II, 307-8. Gorion, 36 Bin

37 Vermes, p. 201; Beer, p. 68.

38 Ginzberg, L. J., Vol. 1, pp. 23537.

Smith, Joseph Prophet the 39 Teachings of GENEALOGISTS INN HOLIDAY cf. Apocalypse of Abraham, 5960, 181;pp. Free catalog items. Xerox copyof over 300

12. 11chapters and

pictures 5c each. Genealogy copied Mexican 30c Specialty—Authentic I. Beer, ing 40 in 16971;, Vol. Levi R.E.J. 59, pp.

(each additional copy 5c). Mail orders 186.p. Food R. Eliezer, Ch. ilPirqe 31, pp. 229f. the welcomed. also 42 283. Vol. 1, p. So Ginzberg, Private Dining Room Available that beast STEVENSON'S likewise the same wasdonkey

ridden later bewould by Balaam, Moses, and GENEALOGICAL CENTER 3040 So. State Phone 4679881 Beer, p. 61.the Messiah;

230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601

>r fresh ideas jrf, Theatre Degr) \ema!aM:Rect&m0t? 43 M. Levittes, Maimonides, VIII, p. 10.

44 J. Soggin, in Theologische Literaturzeitung,

89 (1964), pp. 732f.

45 R. Graves, The White Goddess (New

York: Vintage, 1958), p. 355.

'5 other p. 46218,D. S.discussesShapiro, this.in Tradition, Vol. 4 (1962),

<td th% 4847 MidrashP. R. Eliezer,Rab. Gen.,Ch. 31,39:8;p. 227.Ps. 110:3.

49 PseudoPhilo, VI, 10; bin Gorion, II, 78.

50 Bin Gorion, loc. cit.

51 N. N. Glatzer, Faith and Knowledge, p.

52 R. J. Loewe, in A. Altmann, Biblical

Motifs, p. 166, with Tanhuma text supplied

in note 35.

the 53 So in Maase in Beth Abraham, ha-

I, Midrasch, 34. to According the Sefer

haYashar, 8, "Abram walked in the midst of the fire for three days and three nights,"cit.

Vermes, p. 73. Ka'b elAhbar, Qissat Ibrahim

Abinu, in Rev. Et. Juives, Vol. 70 (1920),

I, haMidrash, 4041. to According Tha'labi university p. 42; cf. Midrash deAbraham Avinu, in Beth of Utah workshops ': "summer (Qissas, 55), the of the was "Angel

;V sat fire, i.e., Shadow"withit p.who in the Abraham V"'8-19 sacrificed. he was June IP 04 A. Moortgat, (Berlin: GruyTammuz de

ter, 63, 139142. 1949), 114, pp. reflect glance may A backward 55 Beer, In 113. p.

56 Eliezer, P. R. 38A.i. Ch. 31,, t > f/ra /r?osf ever spent refreshing you summer

7 5 Vol. Ginzberg, 281. p. 1,

5S Beer, p. 67.

Write for literature to: Summer School, 305 Park Building, University of Utah, Salt Lake City 84112 205.59 G. Vermes, Scripture and Tradition, p.

60 Beer, p. 69.

61 Ginzberg, Vol. 1, pp. 28182; in another

version Isaac's spirit went to paradise for three years before returning, ibid., pp. 28587.

62 Ibid., Vol. 1, p. 208.

63 Cavalletti, in Studii e Materiali, 35: 263.

64 Cahier des Curiosites Mystiques, Vol. 1

(1874), pp. 15255.

in J.B.L., R. Vol. A. Rosenberg, 84, p. 388.

Ibid., citing Jubilees p. 18:18. 386, Escorted Orient and "Expo 70"Tour 666567 cit., op. p. Vermes, 209.

68 Ibid., p. 205.

69 Z. et Mayani, Les So Hyksos le Monde de from Salt Lake $1368.00 (Paris: Bible Payot, 21. p. 1956),

70 Vermes, 221. 193, pp. Los Angeles 1298.00 la June 6 - July 5 from

71 Glatzer, Faith N. N. Knowledge, and

178. p. 57. p. JAPAN, TAIWAN, BANGKOK, SINGAPORE, HONG KONG, HAWAII 7372 Vermes,Beer, 204. p.

Tour price includes: escorts (John and Lucile Weenig) 7475 Ibid.,Ginzberg,p. 208.Vol. 1, p. 240.

Air fare, hotels, land tour, insurance, 47 meals. 7 6 Rosenberg, p. 388.

7 7 Cave of Treasures 29:1314.

CHRISTOPHERSON "RED CARPET"TRAVEL SERVICE 22:27.78 Rosenberg, loc. cit., citing Targ. Levi

294 N. Univ. Ave. Provo, Utah P.O. Box 43 3735310 Salt Lake 3558182 79so Vermes,Ibid., p. p.208.193.

81 Holtzmann, Tosephtakraktat Berakot, in

Ztschr. f. Alttest. Wiss., Vol. 23 (1912), pp.

12f. 82 Beer, p. 206.

83 M. Braude, Midr. Ps. 55:2.

IS YOUR ENGLISH examples.8584 Vermes,See above,p. 203,notes cit.37, Targ.4648,Job70,3:18.71, for

se BYU NEEDS Finkel, Proc. in ReAcad. J. Jew, Am. YOU HOLDING BACK? search, Vol. 14. 3 (1930), p.

I of thousands and helped women have men 87 Ibid., 12. p.

of English poor the to handicap overcome SECRETARIES 88 II, Gorion, Bin 295. writers, effective speakers, to become and 89 Beer, 70. p. C.I. conversationalists. fulltime With staff newPermanent and my posi90 Ginzberg, Vol. p. 283. 1, mistakes, stop making you can Method 91 Finkel, 12. p.tions available for qualified secvocabulary, your build speed up your up 92 J.B.L., in Rosenberg, Vol. p. 385. 84, skill, writing learn the reading, developretaries. 21. Short93 age Ibid., Minimum 385. 383, pp. conversation. of only "secrets"15 Takes

94 Ibid., 382. p. in your Costs a home. minutes day own typing.hand, levels of Various 95 Ibid., 388. p. little! write or (Be today! coupon Send

96 Beer, p. Sprengling 15;responsibility (ed.), M. to zip salary. Barhecode.) include sure Excelyour and

braeus'Scholia on the Testament Old (Univ. Institute Bolander, Career Donlent FREE benefits. BOOKLETS Apply of Campus 2 Chicago, p. 1931), 49, comments Gen. on % Illinois Mundelein, Dept. 16969, 60060 11:28. That as died substitute Haran for aEmployment, D-261 ASB, Brigham is clearly Abraham booklets on English. indicated in mail your 2 Please Midr. FREE me

haMidrasch S. in (text haYashar I, 40; University, Provo,Young in Utah. Name Beth Vermes, Ginzberg, L.J., Vol. p. 72); p. 216;

Address(Equal Opportunity Employer). bin Gorion, II, 96f; Beer, cf. 1517;1, Bar pp.

City. State Zip Hebrews, Scholion to Gen. 11:2; Midr. Rab.,

Noah 38:13.

A many -splendored gift COX'S DELICOUS

CreamedMoney perfectionThe true purposeof humanityof lifethroughis the one of the best in the U.S. individual effort, under the

Jewelry Company GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY guidance of God's inspiration.

quality famous for its flavor and for—President David O. McKay (Write

Free Brochure) 42 W. 2nd So.. Salt Lake City, Ut. 84101 1 honey I COX HONEY FARMS

Telephone (801) 3221039 Shelley, Idaho 83274

End ofan Era

Friend: Which of your works Life has its disappointments

of fiction do you consider but there is no reason to be

Life Among the best? one of them.

the Mormons Author: My last income tax

return. Taxpayer: Do you know any

8 reliable rule for estimating the

An ounce of performance cost of living? Accountant:After a few days of school is worth more than a pound Yes. Take your income,with a new teacher,

of preachment. whatever that may be, andmy sevenyear-old daughter -Elbert Hubbard add 10 percent.reported, "I don't think

new teachermy is a Mormon. "It's sad but true, as marriage "How old is she?"we asked. "Why?"

that counselors know, couldn't "Oh, I she say—but is she never "Because

pitfalls mighty from the Big Dipper little knew when reply. the "was in a hurry,

it was only a drinking cup!"-Patricia Butitof er, -—Jamesdigs do J. grow.Kelly,

Rigby, Idaho Marquette, Michigan

You must learn day by day, Before I joined the Church, Every seeker after truth year by year, to broaden a friend took me to Relief Society should searchingly and your horizon. The more things

one morning. When she honestly ask himself or herself you love, the more you are

in, the more introduced me to the bishop's this question: Am I attempting interested

wife, she said, to no one to climb heavenward you enjoy, the more you are in particular, "She's an by some other path than the indignant about—the

investigator."Not knowing one marked out by the Redeemer more you have left when

Latterday Saint terminology, and Savior of men? anything happens.

I took this as a subtle—Elder Delbert L. Stapley—Ethel Barrymore

warning to me to be careful, that the bishop's wife would investigate me before Mountain Versus Molehill

I could join the Church.

For quite a while after that I By Evalyn M. Sandberg

was most cautious and on my best behavior when in the company of the bishop's wife, The gospel's high so her report on me would eternal peaks be favorable are really—Kathleen N. Slater, quite appealing. Tooele, Utah

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecBut dayby-day hills

Latterday to the that relate experiencesdotes and length words. trip me up 150Saint of life. Maximum way

and keep me meek—

and kneeling.

Era, March 1970 95 INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN A NEW FIELD HelpI Johnny m learn to

A:""'3i Itread.has been estimated that one third to one half of the children

in public schools today have reading problems and read below their present grade level. Many times, today's school systems

fail to motivate a student to learn at the proper rate.

Ebronix, a nationwide chain of electronic learning centers, can provide the motivation necessary to help students who have fallen behind in their reading, spelling or arithmetic. Students

who are now behind in their reading ability can normally expect to increase at least one school year a month with only 6 hours at the Ebronix Learning Center. Those with problems

in arithmetic can expect to jump one grade level in 2V2 months ijk< through this highly motivational learning process.

IDEAL BUSINESSEBRONIXAN Ebronix Learning Center operators are earning remarkable incomes above their own salaries and expenses.

The centers provide a genuine service to the community—a service that is in great demand. Some centers

have netted a 100% return on their investment after the first five months of operation. Centers will net a

return between $30,000 and $40,000 a year.

Choice locations are still available for either a Learning Center License or Area Distributorship.

Market is unlimited A dignified business that offers profit, prestige

Almost immediate return on investment and security

Company performs a vital service Excellent for absentee investor

Guaranteed Customer Satisfaction Complete training program

No teaching experience necessary Low investment fee—$12,000-$14,000

vital new profession! INFORMATION A

Join the growing number of centers located in the cities: following FREE PACKET

If you have an excellent reputation Salt Lake City, Utah and can invest $12,000 in a new fast Bountiful, Utah growing field, call or write: Ogden, Utah NEWEST CENTER

Boise, Idaho Provo Ebronix Center

MR. LAURENCE BALLANTYNE Caldwell, Idaho 661 North 500 West

Ebronix Franchise Director Nampa, Idaho Provo, Utah 84601 1280 Cherry Lane Eugene, Oregon Phone: 3748733

Provo, Utah 84601 Los Angeles, California

Phone: (801)3731930 Milbourne, Florida Now accepting

Flint, Michigan enrollment Kansas City, Missouri

ELECTRONIC LEARNING CENTERS

725 SOUTH LATAH BOISE, IDAHO 83704

Stevens Henager College, a widely recognized private college of business, is committed to offer you a professional business education.

Stevens Henager College offers Associate in Commercial Science (ACS) degrees in the fields of:

Accounting Fashion Merchandising

Management Marketing and Sales Management

Secretarial Science Retail Merchandising and Marketing

Computer Science Data Processing

The college also offers 9 to 12 month diplomas.

Plenty of Fun and Student Activities

Less than an hour's drive from campus, you'll find a beautiful scenic playground. Stevens Henager students enjoy snow

parties and picnics in magnificent mountain surroundings.

Basketball games, professional hockey, symphonies, dances, lecture series, theater—these are all a part of year-

'round fun at Stevens Henager College.

Latterday Saint Students

Students at Stevens Henager College enjoy their own ward participateand in LDSSA activities with other nearby colSTEVENS HENAGER leges and universities. Over 6 of every 10 Stevens Henager students are LDS. "B< COLLEGE

Register Now—Important Dates A Private College of Business Since 1907

Spring Quarter—March 30 Summer—June 22nd SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH OGDEN, UTAH

Fall - September 28th 350 South 7th East 2644 Washington Blvd.

Phone, visit or write now for free Stevens Henager Col364-7791 3947791 lege Catalog. Low interest federal student loans available. Nationally Accredited by ACBS as a Junior College of Business

Introducing our version of the ABM Business Missile Advanced

Beneficial Life's unique growth and development is based on a graphitefilled, hexagonal cylinder which is nonvolatile until touched by human hands.

But just plug it into the creative genius of our manpower resources and the

ABM becomes an exciting, explosive, idea machine. Here are just a few

of its recent Beneficial firsts:

Revolutionary consultants contract

Unique agency managers contract

Success unit supervision Manpower index lnforce bonus Brokerage contract Select employes plan Maybe it sounds like gobbledygook to you, but it all adds up to your advantage. All we think about at Beneficial

Life is better ways to provide new growth for you.

If we're the kind of company you want to keep, see your local Beneficial Life consultant, or write 57 W. South

Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101.

Career opportunity - If you want to sell, and sell bigger and better than ever before, call Is your collect, or write Clyde J. Summerhays, CLU, life insurance

vice president, (801) 3648401. Let's talk about Beneficial

NEW GROWTH FOR YOU!

Beneficial Life

INSURANCE COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH