H I CHAUIJ I'ETEUS

i i 'M'Pi l Mi

o!. XVI AUGUST, 1913 No. 10

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QcrOKuMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUALIMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCti OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED {MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH to Los Angeles $40 AND RETURN

Every Day to SEPTEMBER 30th

Return through SAN FRANCISCO without additional cost BEFORE THE SMOKE CLEARS AWAY On your firestricken shop, factory, office or store, you can resume busiThe Pacific Limitedness if insured with. us. No long

unnecessary delays in adjusting, no "YOURS FOR SERVICE"haggling over terms; but prompt payLeaves Sa'tLike < I 6:15 a. r. daily

ment of losses every time. It's to our

Interestagain—weto canget youinsureset youup inagain.business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH Tickets \0 East "Third Sou hHeberJ. Grant & Co. 2?

2026 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylor

Three Daily Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Principles

Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue The Resuit OPTICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT i "SAFETY FIRST"High Quality 81, 23 and 25 South West Temple St. Service when

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2 you travel via "COURTESY""The StandCAREFUL ATTENard Lines of

TION TO DETAILS'the West"By These each operAutomatic ating employee Eledtric of the Safety Block Signal Protedtton

pledges his.aith

CITT TICKET OFFICE

HOTEL, UTAH SALT!..ICE CITT

SERMON ETS Making others happy is the best way of gaining happiness for one's self.

The conditions of happiness are three: A clean conscience, something to do, and some one to love.

"To see and believe, in other words, to know Christ is life eternal; to become like Christ is success everlasting."

True education lies in learning to distinguish what is our own from what does not belong to us. But there is only one

thing that is fully our own—that is our will or purpose.

Epictetus.

Let others cheer the winning man,

There's one I hold worth while:

'Tis he who does the best he can,

Then loses with a smile. Farm Journal.

Without faith in the divinity of Christ and belief in his resurrection, there can be no foundations to Christianity.

"Mormonism"is true Christianity, and hence our faith is founded in these two doctrines: Christ is God, and Christ

has risen from the dead!

Speaking to a young man who was in the habit of using tobacco and who refused to quit the dirty habit, Dr. George

H. Brimhall finally told him: "It is necessary that there

should be resistance to the good. The man who works 'for

cleanliness, nobility and honor should give some credit to the fellow who, like you, is constantly resisting him, because resistance is necessary to progress. The boy who does not

smoke has in you one more assistant to work for him. Some

one must be a weakling—some must furnish resistance to help

the strong."The young man understood the sarcasm.

Better have labor and capital cooperate than pit the one against the other. Form a trust of the two. Both are absolutely essential. One, to be successful must foster the

interests of the other. Friction never eased the load for anyone, the vehicle with the load on, nor the power moving the

whole. Only by the removal of all friction is the load moved

easily. Both powers, labor and capital, have this to learn.

No effort in pitting the one against the other is going to succeed. Two forces in combat bring destruction, more or less,

T. Barrett.to both,—never construction to either.—/.

UJC MIDSUMMER

A<i;i iii the summer marks the sylvan year,

But to its joyance all my heart is cold;

Ah! what to me, My Love, and thou not here,

The trefoil's tiny, clustered bells of gold?

What care have I tho soft the ringdove call,

To me thy voice is thousand times more sweet,

The gliding streams, the uplands, all things pall;

My wan lips hunger thy red lips to meet.

The linnet on the purple thistle swings,

The wild bee hums amid the clover bloom,

Its song the lark makes high on sunlit wings,

But not an echo in my heart finds room—

Ah! With thee here, here all delights would be,

All raptures lacking when I lack for thee!

—Alfred Lambourne

Improvement Era

Vol. XVI AUGUST, 1913. No. 10

The "Mormon"Problem

BY EDWARD WILLIAMS, A NONMORMON

Everyone has heard of the "Mormon"problem. Indeed, any

who have not heard of it must either be unable to understand the prevailing dialect of our country, or else residents of settlements very remote from the beaten trails. Few, however, have a clear

idea as to what this problem involves. It is not like the familiar

puzzles of our school textbooks of mathematics, because, in spite of all our skill and pains, no answer has yet been found.

Yet, there is a "Mormon"problem, and a very real one. According to general understanding, it relates directly to the uprooting

of all the evils and perplexities that afflict us, which makes it a very vexatious problem indeed. This opinion is correct, but in a very

different sense from what we suspect. The seriousness of the problem, however, is usually expressed by our feelings of indignation'and

annoyance.

Had the devil himself taken up a local and visible habitation somewhere between Chicago and the coast, and begun circulating vicious and alluring literature among school children, the indignation of the righteous could hardly have been greater, nor the wouldbe "exorcist"busier than these elements have been, because some people called "Mormons,"inhabit a region within the bounds of our great country. Could we credit all that has been said about

"Mormons,"we should presently expect them to rot of sheer turpitude. Why should any set of people be voluntarily and openly so

wicked, when a reputation for virtue and respectability is so easily achieved and maintained? Charity—or complacence—cloaks such

multitudes of sins for so many of us that "honest wickedness"must appear in the same category with unsanitary negligence.

The reputed gravity and comprehensiveness of the "Mormon"problem are unprecedented. There is nothing bad the "Mormons"

have not done, at one time or another, or all at the same time.

Worse than this they indulge the inexcusable folly of being so careless in their mischief, that they are always being found out, and that, also, by people whose judgment and powers of observation are in complete inverse ratio to their loquacity. These findersout

represent various sects and persuasions, religious, political and otherwise, but all are "just persons which.need no repentance,"and all

are implacably anti-"Mormon."Friends of "Mormons,"and un

*This article was first printed in the Deseret News, June 7, 1913.

968 IMPROVEMENT ERA

biased observers in general, are mysteriouslv blinded to these evil qualities and doings. The "Mormons"are clever enough, we hear,

to show them only the "best side."(What a pleasure to hear that

there is a "best side"to be shown!) Thus, most causes now before

the American public are largely, if not essentially, concerned with the solution of this "great problem."

Any one opposed to trusts and monopolies, and wishing to use the very strongest argument against them, proclaims that they are "Mormon"institutions, a part of the "problem."Similarly, our

"abnormal high tariff duties"are found to be solely for the protection of "Mormons."No one else cares a straw for them. Legislatures are corrupted by "Mormon"money. Interstate commerce laws

are defied by "Mormon"plotting. A society recently organized to

oppose childlabor in factory centers occupies its first meeting with a denunciation of "Mormonism,"and of a certain United States senator, reputed an adherent of that form of faith. Certain zealous

temperance reformers "discover"the monstrous "fact"that the "Mormons,"for sheer love of lawbreaking, probably, are engaged in importing intoxicating liquors into "dry"states and counties. Commissions, appointed to inquire into vices of various orders, inaugurate

their proceedings, not with prayer, but with resolutions calculated to "get a whack at the 'Mormons'."Atrocious murderers are "discovered"to be "Mormons,"and thus miss the consolations of popular sentimental "sympathy."

Nor was this "problem"any simpler or any less inclusive in the early days. It has always been auife as serious and quite as

embarrassing as at present. If there was a row on the frontier, it

was traced to the "Mormons."If a horse was stolen, or a dog was

shot, "Mormons"again. The "highhanded and Christian"populations who could not tolerate "Mormonism"in Missouri, strangely

degenerated into the "border ruffians,"when, a few years later, the antislavery fight was on in Kansas. That was an aftereffect. The

"Mormons"hypnotized the legislature of Illinois, and comnelled it to pass unanimously the "amazing charter"of the City of Nauvoo, which was later found to be "distinctly seditious."Finalb'after

being "driven from civilization"to the then sequestered wilds of the

Rocky Mountains, they inaugurate a "rebellion"against the federal government some 2,500 miles distant. This uprising must have been

somewhat in the line of a modern rendering of "Ajax defying the lightning,"because there appeared nothing else, in particular, to defy.

It was intolerable, nevertheless, and an army marched forth to quash it.

It must have been a genuine solace to the clergy, those guardians of virtue, whenever a massacre, a holdup, or a plain murder was reported from the far west, to know exactly whom to blame. There was only one answer—at least only one was given.

In short, the theory always was that all the innocent blood ever shed upon the earth, "from the blood of righteous Abel"to the latest noncombatant shot in Mexico, must be "required"of this same people.

In view of all these allegations, it is in no sense remarkable that the "Mormon"problem has always worried sensitive souls among us. One great trouble about the matter is that no one seems to know

exactly what this "problem"is. Whether it is moral, religious,

political, sociological, or merely pathological, or all together, is equally uncertain and vexatious. In short, the situation involves a

problem about a problem, and the only thing definite from start to finish is that there is a set of people, popularly called "Mormons,"who are odius to a large number of other people. Even this inTHE "MORMON"PROBLEM 969

formation affords only meager satisfaction. On the basis of this

popular "dislike,"our earnest friends expect us to accept their tales of superlative and unprecedented rascality. Even the most selfaccusing among us would be fairly amazed to find his soul blackened

by such an overwhelming excess of depravity as we are asked to believe is domiciled in "Mormon"hearts. The situation is merely

preposterous, and would be ludicrous, were it not that it involves an intensity and malignity of feeling that are dreadful to contemplate.

Then, when, as sinners of the commoner varieties, we visit "Mormon"centers, expecting to meet congenial soirits, we are ruthlessly disappointed to find just plain, honest, industrious people, nearly uniformly interested in matters religious, and enthusiastic advocates of temperance, purity and righteousness of life. We find these

people kindly and helpful to one another, and strangely unhurried about destroying the stranger within their gates. They exemplify

the adage that a "bad reputation is a good thing: one need not

trouble about living up to it."

Yet, these people have been publicly accused of all the sins condemned in the Decalogue, the Pentateuch, and the Four Gospels, with a few newer ones in addition. We have been informed, in

effect, that it would take a miracle of grace to raise them to the level of total depravity. They have been denounced as a menace

to morals, religion, government, and what not else beside. But,

where we had expected to thrill with admiration at sight of a stupendous mountain of deviltry, we find modest exteriors and unassuming manners. All this aggravates the "problem"still further.

How can "wolves"array themselves so neatly and becoming in "sheep's clothing?"Were there ever such successful deceivers?

Some people, emulous probably of a reputation for originality,

is altogether evident that such state-—buthave gonea businessso far asenterprise.to assert thatIt "Mormonism"is not a religion at all

ment is based upon no misapprehension of facts or conditions, but, also, not necessarily upon any accurate observation or reliable demonstration. If it be true, however, it must be considered, not as "exposure,"but as "publicity."In other words, if "Mormonism"is "business"merely, it is quite as certain that anti-"Mormonism"is its advertising department. The two are as surely parts of one plan as if they

were managed from one "office,"and organized by one "board of directors."Furthermore, the campaign of publicity has been most

astute. It has followed two familiar and effective lines, now approved

among publicists, towit: persistent, even pestering, reiteration of a

name or style, which serves to worry and torment the public into familiarity; and deliberate exaggeration, which, in spite of begetting

disbelief in many minds, is calculated to impress this same name or style lastingly upon the memory.

And the campaign is beginning to show results. The first of these

is that the name "Mormonism"is already a "household word,"and people naturally want to know just what it really means. Had it not

been for this excellent, and providential, scheme of advertising, we might have felt no more curiosity about "Mormons"than about Shakers or defenseless Mennonites. As it is, when we see an item or an

article about "Mormons"we read it, and the next time we see such

"Mormons,"authoritative intelligence about our "shipload"of 6,000,000

Baptists, or our "trainload"of 7,000,000 Methodists goes into 'the basket. The reading public esteems these 13,000,000 people as some970 IMPROVEMENT ERA

what less than sensationally interesting. Thus it is that the public is

ill tinproper mood eagerly to devour the "followup matter,"when it is ready. That virtually all the information they have had, hitherto,

is unreliable, misleading, often entirely false, is immaterial: "Mormonism"has been so well advertised that they are interested in reading

anything about it. How thrilling, then, the surprise involved, should

there be a complete reversal of previous impressions! This "surprise

business''is another trick which our advertising experts have learned to use with telling effect.

In the second place, the policy of exaggeration and misrepresentation, so consistently followed in this "publicity campaign."has also

been justified in its effects. At first, the saner oortion of the American public was mildly amused at the grotesque "wickedness,"as reported, of the "Mormons,"viewing it somewhat in the light of matter

proper to the humorous department. Later, as the "humor"waxed

senile, the prevailing sentiment was tolerant skepticism. Human

nature can support no more than a very small average weight of sinfulness, without a breakdown. Consequently, the reiteration of exaggerated accusation logically leads to the suspicion that, for sake of

effecting a disguise, wolves, rather than sheep, had been despoiled of their "clothing."Skepticism leads to investigation: and thus it is that

sociologists and other thoughtful people are now giving attention to "Mormon"claims and achievements. Soon these matters will take

their places in the world's common stock of Knowledge, while the whole body of adverse criticism will be ignored as irrelevant accretion. Thus the value of thorough advertising will be fully proven.

It is no part of our thesis, however, that "Mormonism"and anti- "Mormonism"have ever been, consciously, in league. Even the highest "Quorum"of the Church exercises no secret suzerainty over this

"publicity campaign."It is pained by it, undoubtedly: it submits to it

as a permission of Providence; it regards it as a necessary dispensation, fraught with mystery and rich in trials grievous to be borne. It

may be that it holds other, and more consoling convictions on the matter, but on this point it says nothing further. In the meantime,

anti-"Mormons"are every whit as certain that there is no cooperation between themselves and their antitypes. They protest that they are

not "advertising,"but "opposing:"that their aim is to further God's

work, as against those who would thwart it; that, in fine, they are

"instruments"in the hands of a righteous and overruling Providence for the vindication of the everlasting gospel. And there is an overruling Providence, which uses men for its own ends, be they anti-

"Mormons,"or be they otherwise: that "makes even the wrath of man

to praise him,"and 'is certain to use them, willing or unwilling, to vindicate this gospel.

We are closer now to understanding what the "Mormon"problem really is, and a surprising and astounding problem it must appear.

We have heard of men who "builded better than they knew"—perhaps,also, worse. We have known of men who have "overreached themselves to their own undoing."We have seldom heard of men whose

bitterest denunciations and bestconceived plottings have proven at last the strongest arguments in favor of the very cause which they had hoped to overthrow; who, in short, had been able helners where

thev had hoped to be formidable adversaries. Yet, just this situation

still further complicates the "Mormon"problem.

The "Mormon"Church makes one original and fundamental claim, which, at once, involves a "great gulf fixed"between itself and all other bodies professing religion. It claims to be the very

Church founded by Christ on earth, completely and perfectly re stored, after submersion for centuries bepeath a deluge of apostasy.

THE "MORMON"PROBLEM 971

As to whether this claim be warranted or not, it is unnecessary to argue here: we are concerned with the "signs which shall follow"

rather than with aught that may be said in way of support or defense.

If the claim is untrue, it is merely the pet vagary of a set of people, who have their virtues and failings, like the rest of the world, and furnishes no possible warrant for the invariable bitterness and implacability of anti-"Mormonism."If it is true, on the other hand,

all this turmoil and savagery are fully and sufficiently explained as the world's wrath at the sight of God's truth, and the "Mormon"problem achieves a clear and definite statement, thus: "How shall we

prove that the 'Mormon'Church is not the true Church of God, as it claims?"Is this the horrid situation that has always afflicted the "subconscious"of anti-"Mormonism?"

The forming or statement of such an estimate as this involves no necessary conviction in the premises, nor, even, a readiness to argue for the claims of "Mormonism."It is interpretation of a situation, rather than assertion of a conviction. Furthermore, it is interpretation of a situation created by the professed enemies of "Mormonism "which they alone can modify, if they are so moved.

Without fear of exaggerating, we may assert that the situation is almost unique. We can blind ourselves no longer to the fact,

in our attitude toward and our treatment of these people, we have done no otherwise than help them reenact the miseries of the early

Christians. In this we have dignified, rather than discredited, in any

degree, their most radical claims. The analogy between the two

is startling. At no time in the world's history did intolerance, injustice, violence, false witness, or other forms of "man's inhumanity to

man"attain such huge and hideous proportions, as in the oersecutions of the early Christians. Throughout the Roman empire at this same

period, every form of squalid superstition and half crazy philosophy was viewed with appreciative complacence, but the Christians were safe nowhere. They were accused of numerous crimes evidently

committed by others; of misdoings existing"nowhere but in the depraved imaginations of their traducers, and even of evil things done or

procured for the deliberate purpose of creating excuses to onnress them. They were advertised as a menace to the state; as conspirators

against "law and order;"as "anarchists, brigands and murderers;"

as oeople, in short, to be tolerated nowhere and to be feared and hated everywhere. There was evidently a very definite and serious

"Christian problem"before the Roman people.

The horrible story of the early days of Christianity has been told repeatedly. There is no need to rehearse the sickening details

here, nor to dwell on them further tnan to remark that "hell let loose to oppose the cause of truth and righteousness"is the fairest characterization. Yet, in this very fact may we derive the strongest argument in favor of the claims of Christ. If he were not the Lord of

life, whose "liftingup"means the ultimate overthrow of hell and the "death of death,"it were difficult, indeed, to explain why all the agencies of evil were massed together, as it were, to attempt the destruction of his cause and his people. Why else was it that just

and wise men, such as Marcus Aurelius—he whose "Meditations"arestill read and quoted by students of moral thought—should participate in this reign of hellish madness? Why else was it'that good men

imbued their hands with innocent blood? In such matters we see

examples of the principle that "God maketh the wrath of man topraise him"—they were accumulating the "evidence."

How strange, then, it must appear that, eighteen centuries later, this same lying and vindictive spirit again appears to tempt men,'otherwise just and righteous, to lie, revile, persecute, and even mur972 IMI'knVKMKNT KRA

! Had they so behaved in oppositionder, in the alleged behalf Of truth

to any one of the numerous sects and denominations that have arisen in our country, and still survive, more or less obscurely, it would have seemed a surprising waste of energy, or an unwarranted compromise wiili evildoing, That they reserved their unworthy activity for the only sect or church that, definitely and flatly announced its claim to exclusive divine authority is significant. Why were the claims of this

Church not ignored as absurd and presumptuous, from the standpoint of the world at large, and the Church itself left to live or die, as destiny might decide? Why, indeed? Whv, in the same fashion,

could not the Jews and Romans of twenty centuries ago ignore, and leave to its fate, another Church which arose making the same claims?

Now, as we may hear, the two cases, the ancient and the modern, are not perfectly parallel; we lack in these times the arena, the terrors of wild beasts, the tortures, and the cruel and miserable forms

of death. The modern movement is, they allege, merely the zeal,

overdone at times, perhaps, mistaken often, exaggerated usually, of good men, earnest and Godfearing, who oppose what they honestly believe a wicked heresy and a dangerous organization. Goodness

and earnestness have been credited with very curious disguises long before our time, but many there are who doubt the masquerade. As

for ourselves, there is no valid defense for our doings and sayings, and we may as well understand it.

To be sure, in this modern misbehavior of ours, the bloodv and wicked violence of early Christian days has not been perfectly reproduced. This, however, is only because, unlike the old Romans, the

greater mass of our people are of a stock which has always been indifferently bloodthirsty, even from the earliest times. Also, all these

things were done in this age of utilitarian civilization, and weak stomachs, when we have neither the time, nor the physical inclination to enjo"wholesale bloody violence. It is distinctly repugnant,

even when visited on enemies. Nevertheless, despite all our handicaps of race and time, we have failed but slightly in point of will. Very

many things we have not done, but many of these, again, we have advocated as far as we have dared.

The facts are all written on the pages of history. Here we find

that murderous mobs assaulted the "Mormons"in every state where they appeared, and in a preposterously large number of cases pleading religious grounds for their deviltry. The violent denunciations of

preachers and other agitators, really quaking for their own livings, no doubt, inflamed the baser elements, even to the commission of murder. During the persecutions in Missouri occurred the brutal massacre

of Haun's Mill, in which defenseless women and little boys were shot to death in an abandoned blacksmith shop. On several occasions

even the "Mormons"hit back against the slaughterers of women and children, and, forthwith, arose monstrous tales of "Danites"or "destroying angels,"whose trade and pleasure alike was murder and violence. Finally, the "outraged population"drove all these people from

their homes, men, women, children and the aged and sick together, in the dead of winter, compelling them to leave the state. Where

were the "Danites"then? Ordained preachers accompanied some of

the bands of anti-"Mormon"ruffians in the capacity of "chaplains"it was a holy war.

Later, after the "Mormons"had settled in Illinois, very similar movements were organized against them. The "conscience"of the

community must have been like a running sore, so sensitive it was.

Governor Ford, a participant in much of the turmoil in this state, wrote a history in which he asserts that "popular indignation"against these people was rooted in their own political chicanery. Some exTHE "MORMON"PROBLEM 973

planations need crutches. The political "indignation"culminated in

the murder of the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother in the jail at Carthage. Here they were shot to death by a mob having their

faces blackened with burnt cork, and the niveous whiteness of their virginal characters cloaked beneath participation in a savage and unlawful act. They rose "manfully"to the duty of destroying

this "enemy of true religion,"subduing their racial abhorrence to the sight of blood. But even with this "achievement,"the oopular

"horror at political perfidy"was not assuaged. A "posse of citizens,"

under the leadership, for a time, of a certain Brockman, a Campbellite preacher of bad reputation and great zeal, and with the apparent anproval of the governing clique of the state, heckled and tormented the "Mormons"in their city of Nauvoo, until they arose, man, woman and child, and sought a refuge beyond the sunset.

In the fastnesses of the Rocky Mountains, safe from the depredations of even the most "indignant"mobs of "outraged citizenry,"they still continued to be a menace in the eyes of the clergy and of other sensitive souls. Their reek pervaded the upDer air, like the

windborne ashes of a volcano: their existence could not be forgotten.

The "unruly member"in the anatomies of numerous good people did "yeoman service for the cause of truth."Missionaries and traveling bishops brought back weird tales of impending "bloody conflicts"and "infuriate disloyalty,"and our people—satiated, likely,

with "pennydreadful"stories of wild Indians, misguided cowboys, and ruthless "road agents"—-welcomed these vapid hallucinations as

new provocations to the delights of a howling frenzy. Popular preachers, hired to herald the gospel of peace and love to intelligent congregations, grew restive at God's delay with the thunderbolts, and

shrieked for the artillery to "thunder"the "Mormons"into futurity, and for bayonets to tap the springs of their sinfulness and of their lifeblood together. These things are too well attested to be denied.

A leading Presbyterian journal openly advocated that the "Mormons"be driven from their homes, and that their "lands and tenements be thrown open to original entry by civilized settlers."

Preachers and publications of other connections offered precisely similar advice with equal energy; holding, evidently, that, in St.

Peter's words, some people are "fit only to be taken and killed."

What these popular preachers and religious editors would have tried to do, had the power been in their hands, may be better imagined than enlarged upon. However, the cool blood of the Briton and

the Teuton fevers less readily with the lust of persecution than do the liquid elements of the Latin and the oriental. Their material

was refractory, but they did their noble best with it. Failing in the

attempt to provoke an "armed conflict,"w'th these people by violent talk, they bombarded Congress with demands of sumptuary legislation, finally compromising in their more strenuous designs, when acts were passed dissolving the corporation of the "Mormon"

Church, declaring its property escheated to the public treasury, and its people disfranchised and branded with outlawry. We cannot wonder

that the framers of our Constitution specifically enacted that no law should be passed relating to the "establishment of religion."This

was a selected method of calling "not the righteous, but sinners, to repentance."

If all this was not persecution, what, then, shall we call it?

Many travelers, public officials and "gentile"residents of the "Mormon"country flatly denied all the charges of superlative rascality brought against them, while congressmen and senators, even from states sodden with anti-"Mormon"sentiment, denounced and thundered at the brutal provisions of the Edmunds law. These men

974 IMPROVEMENT ERA

so Far as the "Mormons"were concerned, were all "unk outsiders,"liowbeit normal in the fact thai the cerebral coordination between their sense records and their speech centers seems to have been intact.

M,Mi\ well meaning persons suffer from derangement in this particular. Thev challenge <>tir pity, bul it is "unscientific,"perhaps, to

call them nlain falsifiers.

One of these people, favored with a normal coordination, a man named Charles Ellis, who always appended "Non-'Mormon'"to his signature, summed the situation in the following words:

"From its appearance. 'Mormonism'has been hated by the evan-

-clical sects as a heresy. The cry against its polygamy as being

a danger to society, and the cry againsl its priesthood as being a danger to the government have never been more than a subterfuge, the object being to detract attention from the real fight, which was to destroy the 'Mormon'heresv. This statement will bear full investigation. Why has 'Mormonism'been so much misunderstood? Simply because the evangelical churches saw in its success

their own downfall, and they dare not let their own followers know what 'Mormonism'really is, lest they should embrace it. As compared with the evangelical conception of life here and after, 'Mormonism'is as a Rocky Mountain day in May compared with a New

England day in March when the wind is east and the sun is veiled.

Such being the case, it may be readily understood that an investigation... will reveal a very different spirit from that which

has been talked about, and written and preached against in the east for nearly half a century."

As it was in the davs when the Romans persecuted the harmless disciples of the lowW Nazarene, so also in this latterday persecution, the persecutors charge upon the persecuted the very sins with which they and their fellows will be charged at the judgment seat of God.

The crimes and rascalities alleged against the "Mormons"—and there

may be some "Mormons"as there are some others who are guilty of some or of all of them—are merely the adumbrations of the

kinds of iniquity most common among us all. When we see a bad

"Mormon,"or a bad Indian, or a bad Chinese, or a bad person of any stock or allegiance with which we happen to be out of sympathv, his badness looms far more hideous than the same qualitv in ourselves or in our friends. This is because of defective imagination. We are

like the man mentioned by St. Peter 1:24, who, having beheld his

face in a glass, "straightway forgetteth what manner of man he is."

We are also like Edgar Poe's hero, William Wilson, who slew his own disembodied conscience, mistaking it for a threatening and hateful adversary and thus destroyed himself. It is, indeed, a sad and dreaded thing when good men, pausing from their appointed work, assume

the role of accusers. We know who the great Accuser is, and we have

Christ's own word for it that he was a "liar from the beginning."

It is dangerous to trespass in this field, unless we are willing to accuse ourselves with the rest of humanity.

In view of these facts, it is scarcely remarkable that anti-"Mornn in"accusation consists either of wanton exaggeration or of childish triviality. It is, in fact, an attempt to justify ourselves for our overzealous onposition to this form of faith, and not, in any propriety, the

cause or occasion of any part of it. If this be a mistaken view, it is

quite certain that we ask our fellows to help "crush"these neoole with a quality of "evidence"upon which no one could justly hang a dog. Their "impurity"and "immorality"have been embalmed in a

whole literature of lachrymose jeremiads, which has provoked the detestation, unjustly, of "gentile"virtue, and replenished the coffers of missionary enterprise. We are told, on the one hand, that the

THE -MORMON"PROBLEM 975

alleged "general impurity among the young people"is definitely traceable to the "social dances"founded by Brigham Young, since these affairs promote too close association among the sexes. Poor Brigham Young, when will they reach the end of his mistakes! But, who

founded the "social dances"and other affairs which should account for the same kind of doings in all the world beyond? If such things

really bothered us so much, we would never have time even to mention the existence of any form of "Mormon"iniquity. We are told, on

carethe other hand—and this by a "missionary"who has been sadlyless in the matter of contradicting false rumors in the past—that this

terrible "impurity"originated in the institution of "polygamy."(Ergo,

"Mormonism"must be crushed again). But what effect, if anv. is

visible to missionaries, is exercised on the young by that other "social institution,"beside which Presbyterianism thrives fatly, innocuously, complacently, in "gentile"vicinages, just as should the lamb and the wolf, who, by prophetic promise, shall one day "dwell together?"

Another gentleman complains that "Mormonism"destroys the "unitv of the family."He neglects to inform us, however, to what extent

we must blame this system for the 55,000 divorces annually effected in this country. Probably the influence which he deplores gains in

virulence in direct ratio to its distance from the point of origin.

Another coterie of sectarian critics, like the famous "traveler from

Altruria,"who found his guileless soul constantly in pain, because the "Golden Rule"appeals not to worldly cupidity, publish a wail of horror at the record of the juvenile court in a city "overwhelmingly 'Mormon.'"Because of this dreadful list, including truancy, malicious mischief, use of tobacco, violating city ordinance, trespassing on

railroad cars, and several other offenses common to youth, even in "Christian"communities, their trenchant editor runs amuck through half a column, reviling a senator, accusing a drug company of "boozevending,"hinting at vague rumors of "unnrintable doings,"which no one had attempted to print, and concludes thus: "The reason

is that in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints there is no saving power. The 'Mormon'Church has not and cannot change.

[Shades of the grammarians!] The only hope for Utah is in the

evangelical churches, and these churches must declare the whole counsel of God, or sadly miss their chance."

Well, Tood, kind, logical gentlemen, "declare the whole counsel of

God;"and do it now—it should take the whole time of all of you

but do softpedal these "railing accusations"based on the folly of irresponsible children, and omit this hoodlum gossip about "unprintable doings"which are no monopoly of "Mormons,"else some of us will conclude that you know little enough of God and his counsels.

If the evangelical churches are going to purge Utah of the vicious practices of truancy and trespassing on railroad cars, which so seriously discredit "Mormon"influences, it is a great mystery that juvenile delinquents are so numerous and so enterprising in communities blessed with the untrammeled influence of evangelicalism. This situation reminds one curiously of the fable of the boastful traveler, who,

on returning home, brought witnesses to attest a mighty jump once made by him in Rhodes. "No need for witnesses,"said his neighbors.

"Pretend this is Rhodes, and jump again."The marvelous things to

be accomplished by the missionaries of our ineffective sects, among the heathen and others, is always out of all proportion to anything they have ever done at home.

But, there is one charge brought against the "Mormon"Church, which experience might warrant us in believing serious. It is to the

effect that this Church asserts the doctrine that God's priesthood is superior to all (?) earthly governments: in other words, that it antici976 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pates the institution of a theocracy, in which its own central authority shall be supreme. If such is the teaching of this Church, it merely

repeats what is, after all, the common belief of all Christian sects, each one in behalf of itself and of its fellowships. The oldest of them

all, the Roman church, still asserts its claim to "temporal power,"i eriod thisand the belief in its future complete realization. At one

church was virtual ruler of the world, and its head was recognized as king of kings. The music of angel choirs disturbed no one's sleep

in those days. Some there be who assert that the world has improved since the Catholic power was broken. The government of England has been for several centuries theocratic, to the extent, at least,

of seating the bishops of the established church in the House of Lords.

There has always been a fairlv uniform "Christian harmony"in this house, between the "lords temporal"and the "lords spiritual,"and neither party has sought to curtail the "sacred orerogatives"of the other. "How beautiful it is when brethren dwell together in unity."

The result is the religious inculcation of the British commoner's sacrosanct reverence for all established authoritv and for exalted personages in general. By the same token, this reverential person expects

no special privileges or prerogatives to apply to himself. Such things

are reserved for persons in exalted station. When, for example, the

people petitioned Charles II in vain to call a parliament to decide certain questions of importance to themselves, the church party enrolled itself with the court attaches in opposition to the people, thus dividing Englishmen into two camps, the "petitioners,"all too forgetful of "divine rights,"and the "abhorrers,"who were very piously revolted at such presumption. Thus, it is scarcely remarkable that

England, with all her glories, is not, nor was ever, the home of human brotherhood and equal rights. This fact many of her people are beginning to suspect today, in their revolt against ridiculous and oppressive laws and customs; and when she reaps the whirlwind, as she

surely will, it will be largely because those thinking "to say within [themselves], We have Abraham to our father"(in a "spiritual sense") have forgotten to "bring forth the works of Abraham."No contributions to the cause of universal justice or the sacred rights of mankind ever came to birth, because the bishops sat with the lords:

almost uniformly, they have been forced forth by demand of the people themselves, working from below upward. Yet, some would fain

have us believe that a large part of Christ's mission on earth was to establish these bishops in power.

The social unrest of the present day has compelled people active in the affairs of our various churches to take a serious, often grudging, cognizance of the conditions under which mankind have labored and suffered hitherto, and which they have very generally ignored. Thus,

we are told, in way of explanation and excuse, that "the church has not yet developed the full social consciousness,"but, presumably, is now at work upon its development. Similarly, "the power of working

miracles has become latent;"and "in the future the Church will develop a powerful moral influence."Prominent workers constantb'

propose the question, "What shall be the Church's attitude upon"this and that issue? There can be no doubt but what the Church

founded by Christ—if, indeed, his.own words are any clue to his intentions in the a welldefined "social consciousness,"matter—possessed

also, the "power of working miracles,"and exercising a moral influence.

Presently, our sectarian friends will fully acknowledge the complete "apostasy"of their respective bodies; finding such a multitude of "undeveloped"influences, which, by Christ's own words, should have been

fullv matured and vitally active in all these centuries of "Christian"domination. It is strange, also, that anyone should ask, except from

THE "MORMON"PROBLEM 977

motives of the merest curiosity, "What shall be the Church's attitude?"Great problem that, referring to an organization professedly informed and vitalized by the Spirit of God!

Protestantism is also theocratic to the extent that, while pattering about the "separation of church and state,"it is constantly busybodying about procuring laws to enforce standards of righteousness, otherwise not to be observed. If the Protestant preacher, a

person constitutionally unable to discriminate a fact from a fancy, also emulous of no such ability, could refrain from meddling in politics, fewer foolish laws would stand on our statute books, and far less injustice be done among us. His kind of "theocracy"is a

real menace. Sad it is for a community whose moral standards

are determined by such people.

Once, in the history of our beloved country, the Protestant preacher was the chief factor in the government. The history then

composed is no story of regnant loving kindness, nor cf the supremacy of any of the "weightier matters of the law."It is a tale

of bitter strifes, rank oppression, endless turmoil, crazy behavior and detestable presumption; we refer to affairs in Massachusetts Bay

colony. Henry Dunster, orincipal of Harvard college, for announcing his disbelief in infant baptism, was driven forth in the depth

of winter with all his family. This seems to be a favorable method

with heretics. Roger Williams was censured by the colonial sanhedrin for insisting that the colonies had no just title to lands, except

by grants from the aborigines. This was counted "impious,"because, as they held, God had given these lands to them, his "elect."

Later, Williams was banished, largely for advocating the separation of church and state. A woman named Anne Hutchinson was similarly driven forth for alleged heresies, but principally for criticising

the "chief priests and the scribes."Mary Dyer, a fanatical Quaker,

was hanged, after repeated banishments and returnings, because she presumed to "warn"these saintly autocrats. Several others of her

connection were similarly subjected to the form of "banishment"that is certain to entail no danger of returnings, simply because the government knew of no other way to "silence"them; the

Puritan churches, like another just mentioned, demonstrated "no saving power."But the apogee was reached in the witchcraft insanity, fathered by Cotton Mather, ably assisted b others of the

pastors, which resulted in the deaths, cruelly brought about, of scores of unfortunate people, many of them aged, all of them, probably, innocent of wrongdoing.

The public excesses perpetrated by these preacherautocrats were worthily seconded by their theological abominations. The gloom of

the spiritual "reign of terror"inaugurated by these persons was intensified by the heathenish doctrines of infant damnation and of a God whose "mercy"was no more than legalistic immunity from the horrors of his "justice."One needs only read the famous

poem by Michael Wigglesworth, "The Dav of Doom"—a composition highly prized among the Puritans—to appreciate the force of

Wesley's remark to the Calvinistic Whitefield, "Your God is my devil."Small wonder that this inverted pyramid of oppression, false doctrine, and presumption collapsed from its own topheaviness.

Small wonder, also, that the unthinking element supposes that massacre, murder, violence and bloody doings, in general, are necessary accompaniments of theocracy. This explains many of the

wanton charges made against the "Mormons;"it was association

of ideas merely. We should remember, however, that the word

connotes "Godgovernment,"the scheme promulgated in the Bible;

978 IM l'K< \'l MIX"! IK \

also, tii.it "Mormonism"advocates neither the first, nor yet the

1 1 merely claims for itself, it it makes a claim in thiswmM form.

particular. ilisame dignity as Hie visible agent <>\ God which all

other bodies asserl on thenown behalf; and such right is guaran

teed under "inConstitution. I lowever, such is the soul and BubStance of the famous "political menace."in consequence of which,

again, we.ue urged to helo quash "Mormonism."But, in view of

general shortcomings, why stop with this Church? Why not completely purge the Augean stables of American religion, hefouled,

as they are, by the cattle of false doctrine, hypocrisy, and Christless sell complacency, and begin anew with the faith that the Savior meant precisely what he said on all matters whatsoever, and nothing else?

It is to he piously hoped that those persons who claim the dignity of religious leaders will one clay outlive the childish habit of slandering those with whom thev happen to disagree. The

practice serves most effectively to fortify the faith of believers in the persecuted sect or cult, also, to excite the suspicion in many minds, that, all the weight of truth and righteousness may not lie on the side of the sword, the firehrand, and the "serpent's tongue."

Thus, for example, in our silly policy of persecuting the "Mormons,"we have accomplished two things, not in our program. We

have fortified the faith of believers in this Church, and have furnish ed excellent arguments to others who are seeking occasions against the claims of traditional sectarianism, as if its wretched failures did not argue enough already. We have demonstrated, in short,

that, so far as concerns simple loyalty to Christ's teachings and commands, our sects and creeds have again been "weighed and found wanting,"and this, in his own words, "because thou hadst no mercy."

No adherent or advocate of "Mormonism"can ever comnlain in tin'words of Scripture, "We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced,"because we have danced. Joseph Smith has been the stagemanager, and the rest of us have obedientlv taken the positions and

played the parts which he has assigned to us. He said to the

great "Christian"public of our country: "Your oart shall be that

of the apostate victims of Satan, involved in the 'great fallingaway',"and we have acted the apostate to the life. He said to the

handful of disciples gathered around him: "You are the remnant

of Israel, chosen to restore God's kingdom in the world."and

their acting, also, has been most realistic. They persist in the

role of the "lamb dumb before its shearers,"and to our wealth of vitriolic eloquence they have answered "not a word."While anti-

".Mormonism"has raged and howled itself into gnashing paroxvsms

which have nassed current for seizures of "righteous indignation,"they have stolidly adhered to the command, "revile not again."

One can understand, to be sure, how that a system of religion claiming to be the "restoration of the fulness of the gospel,"and explicitly declaring the complete apostasy of all previous sects and churches, should be odious to religionists of other persuasions. But that is not sufficient reason for playing pandemonium

"by request."In our blindness and stupiditv, we have done everything possible to establish the truth of Joseph Smith's claims, also

those of the Church founded by him, except arguing directly in their favor. Now it is rather late to reverse ourselves.

Is the "Mormon'Church the true Church of God, after all?

If not, why do its enemies "so furiouslv rage,"precisely as should the enemies of the real true Church? Is this Church blasphemously

presumptuous in declaring: the unescapable necessitv for a restoration

of the gospel in the world apostate from Christ? If so, whv have its

opponents piled the "Pelion"of slander on the "Ossa"of malignant

THE "MORMON"PROBLEM 979

hate, thus adding fresh arguments to the "infidel"conviction that the "Mormon"charges are true? All this is no "Mormon"presumption; so many Christlike qualities have become "latent"in Christian

centuries, that they must have been honestly deceived into supposing them absent entirely. Such a "mistake"is nearly inevitable.

Could any educated "heathen,"reading for the first time a truthful and perspicuous historv of "Christianity,"close the book with the tearful comment, "Lord, I believe?"If such an educated

"heathen"should then turn to the history of "Mormonism,"he might feel surmised at Joseph Smith's account of his first vision, where God said of traditional sects, "Their hearts are far from me. Having a form of godliness, they deny the power thereof."

"Why,"he might ask, "should a fact so entirely obvious, when the history of 'Christianity'is known, be made the subject of a special revelation?"

Is there not enough work for the Christian churches, or any other engines contrived for assumed righteous ends, in uprooting the rank weeds of injustice, misery, ignorance and sin, as Christ sought to do. without turning aside from the olain path of duty,

merely to make it possible that the despised "Mormons"might read the eight Beatitudes with the keen relish of a personal application?

Indeed, we owe it solely to the exofficio activity of our "spiritual pastors and masters,"that the "Mormons"can apply to themselves this beatitude: "Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and

persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely, for all these things have we done with a permy name's sake"—andtinacity worthy a more godly form of service—"for so persecuted they

the prophets which were before you."Nor can we blame others than

ourselves, if we are indicted in another sentence, not a beatitude, "Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets."

Speaking of prophets true and false, the words of Christ seem to indicate that the former have generally been persecuted, rejected, stoned and killed—this seems to be the mark of a "trueprophet;"we should not have shot Joseph Smith—while to the

latter he makes one telling reference, "Wo unto you when all men speak well of you; for so did their fathers to the false prophets."

If Christ's words are comprehensible at all, he certainly taught that his doctrine should never find universal favor, until the time when the earth should be redeemed from the curse of sin in all its phases—for "these are the signs which shall follow."He expected and predicted that it would find small favor in the eyes

of the world. He anticipated no era in which kings and the "predatory rich,"the "refined,"the wise and the "just persons wnicn

need no repentance,"should champion "his cause."and explain

spaciously why they did not produce the results expected. We are

justified, then, on his own grounds, in questioning the validity of a form of Christianity, which can comfortably indwell our harlot civilization, and make no more inconvenience than it does for evil doers; also, in carefully considering the claims of another, which is.

with a sickening uniformity, "despised and rejected of men."We

are fond of ouoting the poet's striking lines

"Truth forever on the scaffold,

Wrong forever on the throne,"but we forget that "Mormonism"has been on the scaffold for over 80 years, now, and that, unless we change our attitude materially, it may stay there forever. Soon we shall lose our sense of dia980 IMl'ki )\ I MENT ERA

crimination of truth and wrong, whether applied to "prophets"or other persons and things.

If we have spoken as we have, and have behaved as we have, as part of a seemingly predestined plan for furthering the "counsel.mil work"of a "false prophet,"what worse things could we do

or say should a "true prophet"arise among us? We would welcome him? We would honor him? We would entertain him in our

comfortable homes, and yield him the preacher's place in our elegant churches? By no sort or manner of means would we do anv

of these things. If such a one came preaching the doctrines taught

by Christ and by John the Baptist, and insisting that they be obeyed to the letter, not admired as literary exercises and choice examples of rhetorical excellence, how could we square with1 his demands our Sunday religion and our weekday carelessness our cruel and detestable social order; our squalid failures and our anaemic obediences; our smug selfrighteousness and our calm, assumption of the

old claim of "Abraham to our father?"If such a person were not

done to death by an "outraged mob of citizenry,"he would certainly be shunned as unfit for "refined society."If such a view of

the matter be unacceptable to any of us, the clear refutation lies in demonstrating the congeniality of our customs and institutions with the precepts uttered by Christ. His discourses were no high school

declamations; and herein lies the condemnation of our stuoiditv.

But Christ aggravated the matter still further, both for the highly respectable Pharisees of his own time, and for those who say, "Lord, Lord,"in others. "Beware,"said he, "of false prophets,

which come to you in sheep's clothing"[making large claims and "boasting many things"l... "Ye shall know them by

their fruits."And what are the "fruits"which we should expect

in persons acceptable to God? "Forasmuch as ye have done it unto

the least of these, ye have done it unto me."Should he appear in the

clouds toda',r and, on the basis of this test, which, so he declared, should separate the evil and the good, how greatly would the world be depopulated at hearing his "Come, ye blessed of my Father"? How

many of us, "civilized,"unctions, intolerant, selfsatisfied "Christians,"who render our "tithes of mint, anise and cummin,"and leave such monstrous conditions of human poverty, misery, sin and Sybaritism, because we forget the "weightier matters of the law;"how many of us

would "rise to meet him in the air?"In addition to all our other sins

of omission and of commission, we have certainly not won His distinguished favor—unless his words are so "figurative"as to be

firstmeaningless—by our childish condemnation of a people whose

principle is "men are that they might have joy,"and who have striven a little to make the world a better habitation for the few, at least, within their sphere of influence.

The Jews claimed to be God's people, and they have been persecuted in all the countries of the world, being accused of the most dastardly crimes, in addition to things that may be justly charged against them. Yet, we of free America still profess a belief that the Jews are chosen people of God. The "Mormons"made

this same claim, and they have been persecuted in nearly all countries of the world: and we are unwilling to believe their claim, although charging them with the same crimes brought against the

Jews from time immemorial. This is a curious coincidence. Furthermore, the same Providence, which we have been accustomed to see

exercised over the Jews to keep them separate from the world, has been, apparently, exercised in behalf of the "Mormons"also.

There was a notable example of this some years ago, when we thought we were showing them our righteous scorn and our

THE "MORMON"PROBLEM 981

virtuous contempt. In the year 1893, in connection with the Columbian Exposition at Chicago, occurred the famous Congress of Religions, a sort of theological "happy family,"at which mingled

together on a common platform, for mutual interchange of opinion,

Christians, orthodox and heterodox; heathens, pagans and idolaters;

Jews, Turks, infidels and heretics. The worthy promoters of this

conclave literally searched the earth over, going "into the highways and hedges,"with the object of fulfiling the command, "compel them to come in."Men came "from the east and from the west,

from the north and from the south,"and sat down with Methodists,

Presbyterians and Baptists. This may have been in way of a fulfilment, in part at least, of the ancient prophecy, "the leopard shall lie

down with the kid;"or it may have been somewhat in the Psalmist's

mind, when he sang, "Mercy and truth are met together;"or, again,

merely a reenactment of the august episode in which "Herod and

Pilate were made friends together."Out of all the world's sects,

cults, faiths, and superstitions, only one was found which "had not on a wedding garment"—such a livery as would be appronriate foran assemblage like this—and its name was "Mormonism."It alone

was judged unworthy to participate in this convention, where professed worshipers of the God of Israel "were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works."(Ps. cvi: 35.)

Of course, the "Mormons"resented this exclusion. It seemed

to them, and to the world in general, "the most unkindest cut of all."But Providence consults no man: "Mormonism,"in this apparrent slight, enjoyed once again the distinction of being "despised

and rejected of men."As for the rest of us, we were left to describe

our conduct in the words of the context, "We hid our faces from him;

he is despised, and we esteemed him not."We let these people assume also, that, using us as humble instruments, God was merely

enforcing the law to ancient Israel, "Thou shalt not seek their peace, nor their prosperity"(Deut. xxiii, 6); and was preparing to renew

the old promise: "Hear the word of the Lord, ye that tremble at

his word. Your brethren that hated vou, that cast you out for my

name's sake, said, let the Lord be glorified; but he shall appear to

your joy, and they shall be ashamed."(Isaiah lxvi, 5).

We know now what the "Mormon"problem really is. We know

that its answer involves meeting the challenge laid down by these people who call themselves Latterday Saints. It is a twofold

problem, involving ourselves as well as them. "How shall we prove

that the 'Mormon'Church is not the true church? How shall we

prove that the true Church exists elsewhere on earth?"Certain

writers have argued that the persecution and manhandling of "Mormonism"is only a reenactment of the ancient parable of the "Stone which the builders rejected."Whether they be right or not,

it is certain that, if this "Stone"is anywhere on earth, we have rejected it. In the first century, Paul declared, "The whole creation

groaneth and travaileth, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God."Where are thev? In the twentieth century the groaning

and travailing still continues, because of our inhuman injustice, our devilish social order, our selfrighteous hypocrisv, our ineffective and selfsatisfied sects, whose teachings and practices are a "far cry"to the commands of Christ, "The mountains are in travail: a

ridiculous mouse is born."

Some Obligations of Citizenship*

\:\ DR. I I'll k \IM G. GOWANS, OF THE UTAH STATE INDUSTRIAL

SCHOOL, OGDEN

Young ladies and gentlemen: It is no doubt to some extent

exasperating to you who arc now so able to give advice, to be compelled to listen to the advice of others. For this reason I shall

attempt to present for your consideration some thoughts on present day problems affecting our obligations and which as citizens of the greatest nation on earth we are too prone to forget; and if as individuals yen transform this into advice, I shall not object. Be

that with you as yon will.

1 take it as safe to assume that we all desire our citizenship be good citizenship; and this may be definedto be satisfactory—to

as citizenship which realizes its obligations and strives ardently to meet them.

Now the good citizen is loyal to God and to his country; is

obedient to law and believes in law enforcement; has courage to

do his duty as a man and a citizen; loves his work; and has

a laudable ambition in life. But in addition to all this he is possessed of a sense of obligation to all the race. He mankind—to

realizes that, of a truth, he is his brother's keeper, that he is under heavy obligation to the past and that he can be absolved only as he dues his duty to the present and the future.

This is preeminently the age of industry, and good citizenship requires that each one shall be industrially efficient. The industri-

. development of the past two decades is unparalleled in the

history of forty centuries, and surely there is no disposition to minimize the value of America's great industrial contribution to civilization and the progress of the race. But life is not merely

a matter of industry. There are many, on the other hand, who feel

that the duties and obligations of citizenship are almost wholly political, and it would be short sighted indeed to deny the importance and value of political obligations realized and met. But

life and citizenship mean more than the meeting of political obligations. Whatever value we attach to industrial life and activity,

whatever value we attach to political life and activity, we must remember that human beings must associate together, and it is to the obligations of citizenship which come into being by reason

*.\n address to the graduating classes of the University of Utah, June

4, 1913.

SOME OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENSHIP. 983

of our associations together, that I desire to particularly direct your attention.

I lay down the proposition that the development of the social consciousness and the successful promotion of an ennobling social life constitute one of the greatest problems in America today.

We are in the midst of a great world movement. Radical changes

political, are taking place in present day institutions—industrial,

educational, religious. Many old things are passing away, new

ones are taking their places. Conspicuous among these changes

is the movement toward universal social betterment of the race.

Social consciousness is slowly but surely awakening, and as it does so, the realization that the welfare of one is the welfare of all, takes definite form. This movement means better opportunity

for the less prospsrous, abounding health for the sick, greater comfort and happiness for the unfortunate, the prevention of poverty, dependency, delinquency and crime, no enforced unemployment, a living wage for those who work, a single standard of morality, and industrial and political opportunity for men and women, and the cure of the deadly diseases of society.

It has long been our boast here in America that our public school system affords free and universal education and that the child of the poor has equal opportunity with the child of the rich.

We have felt that the education we are providing is genuinely democratic. If we take the case of the high school, however, and

look into the problem somewhat closely we find a peculiar condition. Not ten per cent of the pupils of the elementary schools go

through the high schools, and nearly all of those who graduate either attend college or enter professional schools. As a matter

of fact we conduct high schools largely for the benefit of the professional classes, and the overwhelming majority of our children who are as much entitled to an efficient training for life as the minority, get no benefits of secondary education simply because they belong to a class to whose needs the high school does not minister. Most young people who either do not enter high school

or who, having entered, drop out before finishing a course, do so to undertake some kind of work, and they do so because the work is more attractive to them than the school. This condition does not

make for better citizenship. The schools will not be doing their

duty until the children of the less prosperous classes can find therein a training that fits for life just as surely as it can be found by those who are to follow professional careers.

Vocational training has a vital part to play in the world social welfare. Social welfaremovement for race betterment—for

is the measure by which all values must in the future be determined-—industry, education, government, agriculture, in fact religion itself can be rightly measured by no other standard. Social

984 IMPROVEMENT ERA

welfare demands thai the high school shall do more than fit for the professions, and the very spirit of our democracy demands that the children of the less prosperous shall gel as adequate a preparation for life as those of the wellto-do. Vocational life is highly

specialized and the preparation therefore must be correspondingly highly specialized.

The health of the citizens of a nation is that nation's great a

But not yet have we learned to look upon health as a matter of social welfare. Is it not a disgrace that more than a million people

die annually in the United States of preventable diseases? At onetime we looked upon this as a visitation of Divine Providence and

so we submitted. Now we know that it is all displeasing to God

as well as to man, that we ourselves are responsible, and that we can stop it whenever we want to.

Putting it in dollars, the American measure, the nation's loss in labor from this cause annually is $2,500,000,000. It is stated

upon good authority that in matters of sanitation and hygiene, taking it the nation over, we are seven times as dirty as Germany and ten times as dirty as Switzerland. It sounds better, probably,

to say that Switzerland is ten times and Germany seven times as sanitary and hygienic as the United States. Our great trouble

is that we have not yet learned to make social application of our knowledge. We are too individualistic. We think that since you

and I and John are clean everything is alright and we need not be concerned with the cleanliness or lack of it in others. Truly it

has not yet sunk deep enough into our consciousness that the welfare of the welfare of all. Think of the annual one—anyone—is

deaths of little babies under one year of age. Think of the deaths

from tuberculosis, perfectly preventable. Think of the deaths

from typhoid, perfectly preventable also. Think of those who die

annually from syphilis and gonorrhea, all preventable. There are

going about amongst us always at least two millions of people with syphilis, a disease worse than leprosy, contagious yet preventable, and nothing is being done about it. I dare express the hope, which

is indeed almost an assurance, that the complete enfranchisement of women will result in the establishment of such standards of purity in foods, such standards of life and living, such measures of prevention, such safeguards about the home and family, that preventable sickness and death will be looked upon as an unnecessary menace to social welfare and a disgrace to our civilization.

The unfortunate classes include the blind, deaf, feebleminded, insane, criminals, juvenile delinquents, paupers and the aged. In all

these cases except the feebleminded the unfortunate ones are fairly adequately cared for, but in this latter class only about 15 per cent are properly cared for in institutions. I am not an

SOME OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENSHIP. 985

enthusiast over public custodial institutions, but it is anomalous that probably 85 per cent of all other unfortunates are properly cared for while such a small proportion of the feebleminded are where they should be. There are probably from 150,000 to 200,000

feebleminded persons in the United States and not more than 20,000 of them are receiving the care and humane attention they are entitled to receive at our hands. This is a matter of considerable moment to society at large because of the rather remarkable

fact that the feebleminded population is increasing at twice the rate that the normalminded population is increasing, and two thirds at least of all feebleminded persons are the children of feebleminded parents or grand parents or both. It is true that a

considerable number of feebleminded persons are in such institutions as prisons, jails, reformatories, and industrial schools for boys and girls, and in a sense are "institution caredfor."But each

of these institutions has its specific work to do which is not the care of the feebleminded and they should not be in these institutions at all. The 20 per cent of adult reformatory inmates, the

25 to 30 per cent of the population of institutions for juvenile delinquents, the 12 to 18 per cent of inmates of prisons, and the 40 to 60 per cent of underworld women, as well as the feebleminded who are struggling ineffectually to earn a competence in an honorable way, are deserving of better care, not only because of the dictates of our common humanity but because, too, it is a legitimate demand of our social welfare.

The most fruitful cause of poverty, dependency, delinquency, and crime is the unsatisfactory home. The home or, biologically

speaking, the family is the unit of civilization. A community of

social welsatisfactory homes is a satisfactory community—there

fare is not a problem. The community of unsatisfactory homes,

is an unsatisfactory community, and there is the breeding ground of poverty, dependency, delinquency, and crime. That

"prevention is better than cure"applies to our social ills just as emphatically as to our individual sicknesses, needs only to be stated; and social welfare demands that society protect itself from

the establishment of the unfit family. To secure a license to teach

school, to enter upon a business or professional career, or even to run a peddler's wagon, the applicant must have a good moral character and be vouched for by some reputable citizen; but to

secure a license to marry and to establish one of these units of civilization one needs only to be in the form of a man, to be twenty one years old, not insane, and sober enough to stand up, and forthwith the great State of Utah, through any of her various county clerks, grants official sanction.

The unsatisfactory homes already established must be rehabilitated, must be made satisfactory as possible, and we must

986 IMPROVEMENT KRA

protecl ourselves, in so far as that may be within our power, from the establishment of such poor homes in the future. Thus will

we lay proper emphasis on prevention.

There are a lot of social wrongs at the present time that will never he made right until we abolish the double standard of morality and substitute therefor a common standard for men and women. This ancient manmade idea is directly responsible for the

damnable doctrine of the necessity and harmlessness of young men sowing wild oats. It is just as unnecessary and as tragically

harmful in the case of men as it is in the case of women. When

we realize that taking the United States over, six out of every ten adult men have had or now have some form of venereal disease, the expression "tragically harmful"is not too strong, because these 60 per cent of the adult male population are either ignorantly or malignantly sowing broadcast among the race, disease, sterility, pain, insanity, degeneracy, blindness of babies, and the seeds of death and decay.

The whole system of commercialized vice is built upon the supposed necessity of sowing wild oats, and it should be acknowledged in deep shame by the men of our nation that they—the men

responsible for the existence of what is called the under-—are

world. Commercialized vice is organized and promoted by men,

it supplies a demand made by men, and the profits go to men. It

is therefore a problem for men did I say? Aye! profits. Yesterday on Main Street, I stepped back to let a luxurious automobile

pass. It contained a man, or rather an apology for a man who

profits by commercialized vice in this beautiful city of ours. The

house in which he lives, the money in his bank, the contributions he makes to his church, the magnificent car in which he rides, the money which pays for the education of his children, aye, the very food he eats and the clothing that covers his dishonored and contemptible body, all come from the profits of commercialized vice; from the bodies and souls of helpless girls more precious in

the sight of God than his own.

There are wanted today 50,000 young girls to take the places of the 50,000 white slaves who will die in the United States during the coming year. Have any of you young men a sister to

spare? And yet all these are our sisters, and we may not turn

away. Dean Summer once told the story of the Magdalene, how

when she was brought by her accusers before Jesus, He stooped and wrote something in the sand and one by one the guilty

Pharisees disappeared, and Wilbur Nesbit wrote these lines which seem appropriate

"We have saved the soul of the man who killed.

We have turned to shrive the thief;

SOME OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENSHIP. 987

We restored the pride of the man that lied.

And we gave him our belief;

But for her that fell have we fashioned hell

With a faith all stern and just

It was so of old; and no man has told

What our Lord wrote in the dust.

"We have sighed betimes our brothers'crimes,

And have bade them be of cheer,

For the flesh is weak, and the soul grown meek,

May yet read its title clear.

But we draw away from the one astray,

As the truly righteous must.

She is cursed indeed—and we did not read

What our Lord wrote in the dust.

"For the men who thieved and who killed and lied.

Who have slain the woman's soul,

We have worked and prayed and have seen them made

All clean, and pure, and whole.

But we drive her out with a righteous shout

In our Pharisaic trust.

So the man goes free—but we did not see

What our Lord wrote in the dust."

saloon evil And what shall we say about alcoholism—the

of the great conflict between capital and labor; of the bad housmg

<>f inof the poor; of child labor; of enforced unemployment;

decent dance halls; the vicious cheap shows; the demoralizing

summer resorts; all of which evils have their roots not in the individual, but in society itself? Shall the correction of these

conditions that we are responsible for be considered as obligations of citizenship or not? Does social welfare demand anything of us in view of these wrongs? Is it possible to escape

this "mighty responsibility, or, do we desire to escape it?

Your course in life must be the answer to these questions because it will be the test of the quality of your citizenship.

Here you are 200 strong, young men and women with magnificent hereditary physical and mental endowments, just at the is to be your answer?completion of your training for life. What

marvelous possession that has been You have youth—that

admired and idealized, envied and worshiped, abused and forfeited and is appreciated only after it is lost. You are today the

advance guard of civilization, and tomorrow the leaders of mankind Because of your youth you are like a mighty reinforcement to a tired army. The race receives new vigor and impetus

988 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from each succeeding generation of young people, and racial progress is correspondingly accelerated.

Society has ministered to you benevolently. You have been

born of goodly parents. You are free from hereditary and contagious diseases. Your lives have been free from the deadening,

blighting social diseases of our time. Your companionships have

been clean and satisfactory. Your homes are of a kind to be proud

of. Your social activities ennobling.

You are educated. You are the heirs of the ages. The treasures of generations of civilization are opened to you. The past

pours its bounteous contribution unimpaired into your lap. The

best that for you. You society—the state—can do has been done

have vision, and power and an appreciation of spiritual values.

Your are standing at the golden moment of your lives, now—today. And what is to be your answer?

You have character. You have learned obedience, and your

obedience is a willing conformity to law. The "Thou shalt not"

is now unnecessary in your lives, having been replaced by the 'T will not"of selfcontrol. You have learned to labor and to take

joy therein, because work is art and art is work, and there is need of workers. So what is to be your answer?

You are under terrible obligations. Youth, health, perfect

endowment, education, character, ideals, all speak of your duty and ask now what you will contribute to the future. If ideals fade,

if character weakens, if education proves to be inadequate, if youth, health and perfect endowment are dissipated, if you yield to the subtle dangers of professional and commercial life, if you succumb to the untoward influences of business associates, it will be because of unwisdom at this golden moment of your careers it will be because you do not hear the call to battle; it will be

because you do not bring each day of your best and joyously lay it upon the shrine of service; it will be because you have not

the light to have not the power to do see—you

"Only for these I pray Pray with assurance strong;

Light to discover the way, Power to follow it long.

"Let me have light to see Light to be sure and know, When the road is clear to me Willingly I go.

"Let me have power to do, Power of the brain and nerve, Though the task is heavy and new

Willingly I will serve.

SOME OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENSHIP 989

"My prayers are lesser than three,

Nothing I pray but two;

Let me have light to see, Let me have power to do."

So in the name of humanity, in the name of the man with the hoe and all who are yoked to unfair and unjust conditions, in the name of social justice, and by the authority of Godgiven conviction of Right, I extend to you the hand of welcome of the workers, and call you to service.

Utah needs true devotion today as never before.

Elder N. L. Hansen of Brigham City, Utah, writes from Holbaek, Denmark, April 8: "We held a branch conference here on

March 8th and 9th, the first of its kind ever held here. It has been suggested that similar branch conferences be held at least once each year

in all the branches of the Church in this mission where conditions are such that it can be done. President Bjorkman of the Copenhagen

conference and Mission Secretary Robert H. Sorensen, and Elder

James Hansen were with us. We had thirtythree enrolled in our

Sunday School and had 100 per cent present besides several visitors.

a Yung Ladies'We have three classes. Besides a Young Men's and

Mutual Improvement Association we have an active Relief society which made their first charitable record by helping a family who are not members of the Church who lost their only child and had no means with which to bury it. The picture shows our Sunday School."

System in Stake Work*

BY NICHOLAS G. MORGAN, OF THE GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

The title of this topic bespeaks its importanee. System is a

synonym of the word "order,"and order we understand is the first law of heaven. No organization can progress far, achieve

much, or in fact endure long, that is not conducted or operated on a basis of some system. The great fundamental reason for

the success of our commercial institutions is that they are carried on systematically and orderly.

Mutual improvement work is a business, and in order to make it successful and profitable it must be carried on in a systematic and orderly manner. The same reason that requires system in our

business life applies very forcibly to the work in which we are engaged. It is universally found that where definite plans are

formulated and ways and means devised to carry those plans into execution, where regular meetings are held and enthusiasm is injected into the work, in those stakes success always results.

The stake superintendency and board should be in constant communication with the officers of the various wards. The stake

organization might be likened unto a central power station from which the respective wards in the stake draw their power. If

there is a short circuit at the central station, naturally, the stations dependent thereon will be vitally affected. The stake organization should keep advised as to the needs and requirements of the

local organizations, and the ward organizations should look to the stake officers for information and direction. A complete understanding and perfect harmony between the ward and stake officers

must be had before any progress can be achieved.

Meetings, at regular intervals, should be held by the stake officers with the ward officers. Generally these meetings are

held monthly. At them a closer relationship is brought about

between all the Mutual Improvement officers in the stake. Instructions and assignment of work are here given to the ward officers.

Questions that have arisen in the local organizations that require discussion are here submitted and discussed. In order to make

this monthly meeting a success, it should be held regularly and made highly interesting. There should always be a special order

of business. Questions vital to the work are arising constantly

Delivered at the Y. M. M. I. A. officers meeting June 7, 1913, General

Conference.

SYSTEM IN STAKE WORK 991

and require the attention of all officers. The stake superintendency

should plan and prepare for this monthly meeting. The first of

these meetings should be held in September, that plans may be laid for the opening of the work in October.

The old adage that a battle well begun is half won is true, and the stake superintendency that can line up its forces, have the ranks filled, and can start out wellprepared, has overcome half the difficulties of the winter's work. On the other hand, where a

good start is not had, where the season is half gone before the organization is completed, where problems that should have been solved in October, and questions that should have been taken up in November, are not considered until December or January, chaos is bound to result, and defeat and failure is inevitable. Such

procedure is not systematic.

At this first meeting in September, every officer in the stake should be present. Above all other meetings, this should be well

attended and made highly interesting. It is the starting point for

the winter's work, and to a large degree indicates what is going to be accomplished. At this meeting there are certain questions

that are uppermost in the minds of all officers. The question as

to how the opening meeting can be made a success arises. The

ward officers are deeply interested in getting their work started off properly. A very profitable discussion could he had on the question: What is the best plan or program for the opening night?

Another topic that should be considered at this meeting is

How can we raise the Era subscription to the 5% mark and thus place us on the Honor Roll? I have found it true, and T think

you brethren will concur with me, that where Era subscriptions are solicited at the beginning of the work, when everyone feels the spirit of the Mutual Improvement cause, more can be accomplished in getting subscribers to our journal than at any other time of the year. Instructions concerning the canvass for the Era

should be given at this meeting. Missionary work for members

should also be discussed at the September meeting. Arrangements

should be made for the appointing of a missionary committee in each ward. Much good would come from a free discussion as to

the best plan for getting our boys and young men into our organization. If this meeting is a success, the ward officers will return

to their respective organizations with definite plans as to how to proceed, and filled with enthusiasm for the work.

At the October monthly meeting the program for the special order of business might be a discussion on the question: Preliminary Programs. Someone should be appointed at the preceding meeting to lead out in the discussion of each of these questions After a thorough discussion of this topic, a suggestive

preliminary program for each week of the ensuing month might 992 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be drawn up for the use of the various organizations. The question of the monthly conjoint meeting might be considered. Suggestions as to how this meeting can be made the mosj; interesting

and effective should be made. Instructions as to what should and

what should not be included in the program of the monthly conjoint meeting should be given by the stake superintendency. A

third question that could profitably be discussed at this meeting is the "Open Night."The subject of "Debating"might also be

considered. A thorough understanding should be had concerning

these various topics during the first part of the season. If the

winter's work is to be a success, the preliminary program, the monthly conjoint meeting, and the open night must be made interesting and profitable.

At the November meting the question of the Fund naturally arises. No organization can long survive without means, and the

importance of this matter should be laid before the ward officers by the stake superintendency. "How to collect 100% of the

fund, could be discussed by some officer, and then the matter thrown open for general discussion. It should be definitely determined at this meeting as to how the fund should be collected,

and when it is to be handed in. Another subject that could be

discussed at this meeting is that of "Class Study."

The month of December brings the holiday season, and the meeting held during this month could profitably be devoted to the discussion of the question of amusements. Both in our smaller settlements and in our larger cities, the amusements of our

young people present a vital issue. The Mutual Improvement

Association should take the initiative in planning the amusements and in making them so attractive that our boys and girls will have no desire to go elsewhere.

At the January meeting plans should be made for a second campaign for membership. January opens up the second half of

the winter's work and initiates the new year. A lively discussion

should be had in relation to the matter of getting new members into the ranks, and stirring up the old members to activity. Plans

should also be laid at this meting for a second collection of the fund.

The meeting in February might be devoted to the laying of plans for the M. I. A. Day. This question requires a great deal

of work, and it would be unwise to postpone its consideration to a later date. Instructions concerning the work to be done in

the various wards, assignment of duties to the various officers, etc., should be given at this meeting. The date when it is

thought most advisable to hold M. I. A. Day, should also be

determined upon at this meeting.

The March meeting should be devoted largely to the question

SYSTEM IN STAKE WORK 993 of reports and records. A resume should be made of the year's

work, and it should be ascertained whether or not the reports and records have been kept properly and are ready to be handed in. Instructions concerning these matters should be given by the

stake superintendency.

April brings the end of the year's work and the April conference. The meeting held in this month should be utilized in

preparing for the April and the June conferences.

Through the means of these monthly meetings the stake superintendency should be able to keep advised as to the condition of the work in the various wards. Through these meetings,

uniform work should be done throughout the stake. The great

responsibility of making this system a success rests, however, upon the stake superintendent himself. He is the engineer of this

machine and it largely depends upon him as to whether or not every part is kept in order and made to do its portion of the work.

Men should be selected as stake superintendents who are in sympathy with the are familiar with the workings of work,—who

our machine, and who are enthusiastic in the Mutual Improvement cause.

The ward is a unit in the stake just as the stake is a unit in the Church. Regular weekly meetings should be held in each

of the wards where the questions constantly arising within the organizations can be considered and disposed of. If the ward

president can make these meetings successful, there is little doubt but what his organization will prove successful. Definite programs can be arranged for each of these meetings. It is here

that the ward officers should consider and arrange to carry into execution the instructions and assignment of duties given by the stake organization. These meetings, it can be clearly seen, are

very vital to the welfare of the ward association and unless they are held regularly and attended to by the officers and teachers, the work assigned and the instructions given by the stake authorities cannot effectively be carried into action.

If, therefore, we are to get results in our work, if our organizations are to prove successful, we must inject system into them, and we must follow out our plans with vigor and enthusiasm.

If a thing is worth doing at all, it worth doing well, and the work in which we are engaged is certainly worth while. I can

conceive of no greater work than that of building character and making men. That is the aim of the Mutual Improvement Association. You, my brethren, and the great host of officers and

tachers associated with you are in very deed ambassadors of

Jesus, the Redeemer of the world, in making upright and honorable, the lives of the children of men.

"Followup Work"in the Mutuals*

BY NEPIII ANDERSON, EDITOR AND AUTHOR, AND MEMBER OF THE

GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

By "follow up work"is meant the following up by General

Stake and Ward officers of plans proposed and instructions given, to see that these are carried into effect.

If the suggestions just given by Brother Morgan are to become a power for good, they must move the receiver to action, sufficiently to have them carried into effect. A true "followup"

work would be done if the General Board, adopting these suggestions as its own, would not lose sight of them, but would at some future time call for reports on them to see how they were working out.

The very purpose of organization in Mutual Improvement

Associations, as well as in all like societies, is that there might be order, and system, and leadership, for it is necessary that there are some to plan, to suggest, and to lead the way. Human

society is so constituted that such organization seems essential to insure progress along any line of activity.

Leadership, however, is of little value unless the leader has some means of enforcing his orders. Instructions issued by the

heads of any organization are largely wasted effort if these instructions are not carried into effect. In the case of our Mutual

Improvement Associations, as in all our Church organizations, the plans of the head can be enforced only to the extent that the subordinates are willing to carry them out; for the rule of the

Priesthood is based on this, that "No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the Priesthood, only by persuasion, by long suffering, by gentleness, and meekness and by love unfeigned; by kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall

greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile."

All our followup work must, therefore, harmonize with these great fundamental principles.

In our case, the lack of carrying out instructions of superior officers is usually more because of carelessness or neglect rather than because of any spirit of insubordination. We acknowledge

the wisdom and helpfulness of instructors and rules of conduct, but we may lack the will power to heed the instructions and ob-

*Delivered at the M. I. A. officers meeting, June, 7, 1913, General

Conference.

"FOLLOWUP WORK"IN THE MUTUALS 995

serve the rules; hence the principle of follow up work in our

associations becomes of great importance. We arc willing to be

reminded of our duty if done in the proper spirit; we are glad

to be checked up at times, knowing our proneness to forget or to procrastinate; we cheerfully accept help when we lag behind

or come to a seeming formidable obstacle in the road.

The principle of this followup work is fundamental. The

law of compensation holds in the world and all its affairs. Every

blessing is predicated on the observance of the law which brings it. Some day the books shall be opened, we are told, and all

shall be judged from what is there written. The recording Angel

never forgets to follow up and make the proper entries. The

Lord in giving instructions to the Saints in early days regarding the temporal affairs of the Church said: "It is required of the

Lord at the hands of every steward to render an account of his stewardship, both in time and in eternity."It seems from this

that the responsibility of stewardship never ceases. The Lord always holds men to account, into whose hands some responsibility

is placed. careEvery Mutual Improvement officer is a steward.—a

thetaker of things of more value than of material wealth—of

growth of soul and character of the young men of the Church.

The General Board's stewardship extends to the whole Church, the Stake Board's to the activities within the stake, the ward officer's to the young men in the ward, committees'and individuals'to the specific duties devolving on them. All are under responsibility, not only to plan and to give instructions, but also to

see that these plans and instructions are carried into effect.

This responsibility does not cease when the instructions are sent out, for that is frequently the lesser labor. To sit in a Board

or Presidency, or Committee meeting is important, because all things must be done in order; but to cease to labor when that is

done, is to do but half the work. To dictate letters of instructions

to a stenographer, and send them out by the hundreds, may do some good, and usually does; but unless these letters are followed

up by other letters, by enquiries, by required reports, and by personal visits of inspection, they fail to do their full work.

The value of this followup work is appreciated when we remember the importance of preventing failures. Plans matured

and launched only to be lost sight of on an unmarked sea of uncertainty, are like ships sent out without compass or guide with no destined port in view. There is sheer waste of time and energy

in such things. The result on character of continued failure to

carry out instruction, is not good. It is unfair to give instructions

to a boy or a young man, and then to leave the matter of carrying out these instructions wholly to himself, without fastening to him.

996 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as it were, some future responsibility. If no account is kept with

him, he is in clanger of acquiring a habit of neglect.

After this statement of general principles, let us see how they may be applied.

Beginning with the General Board: If it has been weak in

the past in regard to this followup work, it is hoped that this will be corrected in the future. One of the chief duties of the Committee of Stake Work, recently created, is to look into the condition of the stakes, get reports from them, and make such suggestions as are required. Elder John H. Taylor's work among the

M. I. A. Scouts partakes very much of the nature of followup

work, and Elder Oscar A. Kirkham will this season devote his

whole time to visiting among the stakes, carrying to them, and following up, the instructions of the General Board, and giving to the stakes and wards a practical helping hand. All this, it is

hoped, will place the General Board in closer touch with the stakes and wards.

As to the stake officers, it is strongly urged that they meet as such at least once a month, when plans should be laid, reports of the Stake Board's labors should be given and propositions discussed. This meeting should be preparatory to other monthly

meetings of stake and ward officers, usually held in connection with the monthly stake priesthood meeting. The subject matter presented at these meetings will vary with the seasons, as suggested

by Brother Morgan. At these meetings of stake and ward officers,

one of the first items of business should be to hear reports. If

the month previous it was decided to carry some plan into execution, now is the time to hear how the plan is working. Praise

should be given where success is evident, the failures should be noted, and the causes of the failures should be discovered; and

then further instructions and help is given. These cases of failure

should be kept in mind by stake officers, and if necessary, be brought up at future meetings, until they are disposed of satisfactorily. At this meeting the stake officers may get the proper

information on which to base their appointments for visitations of inspection, instruction, and help.

The followup work will find an enlarging field in the various

Mutual Improvement activities. The Era problem, for instance,

is always with us. Which of you officers have obtained the 5 per

cent by sitting in an office and sending out letters only? A certain stake officer, hearing of the constant success of another stake

in the matter of Era subscriptions, decided to make a visit to the successful stake and learn the secret of success. He was welcomed by the Superintendent, and the royal road to results was

explained: "This evening,"said the Superintendent, "I am going

to help one of the boys in the Blank Ward with his list of Era "FOLLOWUP WORK"IN THE MUTUALS 997

subscribers. We have watched him, and encouraged him for some

time, but fearing for him now, I shall take a hand and help him out. Come along with us, as we call on the people individually,

and see how it is done. We are simply following up our own

instructions."

In the matter of the Fund it is important that the envelopes which are passed to the members are not lost track of. They

should be followed as an account due, of course, always with tact and care. Conjoint session and Open Night programs are frequently arranged by the Stake Boards. There is no way of determining how successful these programs are unless there are reports

on them. A checking up will be beneficial in determining what

to do next. One of the Mutual Improvement fields in which a

following up reveals a true, and sometimes a startling condition, in the Reading Course. An intelligent adoption of new books is

hardly possible without a knowledge of what the results have been in the past. In the scout movement among the boys, there is a

series of promotions from rank to rank which necessitates a close following up of the boys'doings. The literary, public speaking,

and musical contests, as also those of our outdoor activities which have become such a prominent and successful feature of our Mutual Improvement work, have within them the very elements of followup work, and the M. I. A. Day is a logical culmination of

the principle. Our department of Vocations and Industries brings

to us a field of usefulness where followup work must be done to insure any degree of success.

In any line of work we cannot intelligently provide for the future without a knowledge of past accomplishments or failures and present conditions. Definiteness in planning for the future

calls for this; and so the followup work is closely related to every

branch of M. I. A. activity all along the course.

The principles herein briefly set forth apply just as well to the work of the ward officers in their dealings with local problems.

The weekly meeting of the ward officers of the Mutual are splendid clearing houses for M. I. A. work. These officers have committees to appoint and work to assign. There are class leaders

to find, to assist, and to sustain. There is the work of the various

etc.. departments, of Era, of Fund, of Manuals, of Boy Scouts,

to supervise, and from all these, reports must be had at stated here is of vital importance, for it is here times. A following up

in the wards that the M. I. A. work comes in close touch with

those for whom it is provided. The machinery of the whole

Mutual organization is moving to reach the boy and the young man in the ward association.

careful attention to this followup work A closer and more will help to place the cause of Mutual Improvement in harmony 998 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with modern tendencies in other lines of Church work. In the

Priesthood quorums, in Stake and Ward work, this principle is found to do wonders in the betterment of the work of the Church.

Stake Presidencies have committees from the High Council whose duty it is to follow up and report. Bishops know the condition of

their wards through the work of the ward teachers. The office

of the Presiding Bishopric of the Church is now a storehouse of wonderful information regarding the Church and its activities, all obtained by a careful system of followup reporting. Let us in

the future increase the value of our work by preventing the big leakage and waste of energy which is sure to be found where the followup work is neglected.

CLASS IN L. D. S. SCHOOL, KORONGATA, N. Z.

The Sabbath school of the Latterday Saints Maori Agricultural

College, at Kcrongata. The boys are dressed in their becoming

college uniforms. Their nobby caps show to good advantage their

high foreheads, and intelligent countenances. The school has been

organized only two months, but thus far every officer, teacher, and pupil, has a record of 100 per cent in order, punctuality, and regularity. It is the ambition of every one to continue this excellent standard. There is a complete set of officers, and three departments,

the First Intermediate, the Second Intermediate, and the Theological. The President of the college is the superintendent of the

Sunday School, and two of the regular teachers are his assistants.

Sister Johnson, the teacher of music, is chorister, and Miss Vivian

Johnson is organist. All other officers are chosen from the student

body.

The singing is good, every one, without exception, taking part.

The marching has become almost perfect. A lively interest is being

manifested in all the classes. We feel justly proud of our Sunday

School.

Maori Agricultural College, June, I, 1913.

STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS Y. M. M. I. A.

Top row: Albert Choules, Teton stake, Idaho; Joseph W. Smith,

Snowflake stake, Ariz.; D. G. Eames, Oneida stake, Idaho. Second

row: Osmond Buchanan, Blackfoot stake, Idaho; Ernest P. Horsley,

Box Elder stake, Utah; Francis C. Lee, Moapa stake, New Bottom

row: Geo. C. Finlinson, Deseret stake, Utah; John H. Udall, St. Johns

stake, Ariz.

How and What to Read*

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR., OF THE QUORUM OF TWELVE APOSTLES

AND MEMP.ER OF THE GENERAL POARD Y. M. M. I. A.

"The very first thing to be remembered by him who would study the art of reading,"wrote Mr. Charles F. Richardson, "is

that nothing can take the place of personal enthusiasm and personal work. However wise may be the friendly adviser, and however full and perfect the chosen handbook of reading, neither can

do more than to stimulate and suggest. Nothing can take the

place of a direct familiarity with books themselves. * * The

taste for reading and the habit of reading must always be developed from within."

It is, however, within our power to guide our youth in their reading and to cultivate in their hearts a desire for good books.

It is most unfortunate where a person is not possessed with the desire for good reading. The reading habit, like charity, should

begin at home. It is the duty of every parent to provide in his

home a library of suitable books to be at the service of the family.

The library need not be large, nor the books of the most expensive binding, but there should be a well chosen variety of the most select that can be obtained. Children should be encouraged in

the home to read, and instructed in the value of good books and how to discriminate between the good and the bad in literature.

It is far better for a home to be thus provided where the children can be entertained with a good, wholesome story than to more habit that cannot toothan waste their time playing cards—a

their time in poolhalls orseverely be condemned—or spending

upon the streets in company of evil associates. Said Henry Ward

Beecher

"Give us a house furnished with books rather than furniture. Both,

if you can, but books at any rate! To spend several days in a friend's

house and hunger for something to read, while you are treading on costly carpets and sitting on luxurious chairs and sleeping upon down, is as if one were bribing your body for the sake of cheating your mind.

Is it not pitiable to see a man growing rich, augmenting the comfort of home, and lavishing money on ostentatious upholstery? We know

of many and many a rich man's house where it would not be safe to ask for the commonest English classics. A few garish annuals on

Delivered at the Y. M. M. I. A. officers'meeting June 6, 1913, General

Conference.

HOW AND WHAT TO READ. 1001

the table, a few pictorial monstrosities, together with the stock of religious books of his 'persuasion,'and that is all. No poets, no

essayists, no historians, no travel or biographies, no select fiction, no curious legendary lore. But the wall paper cost three dollars a roll,

and the carpets cost four dollars a yard! Books are the windows

through which the soul looks out. A home without books is like a

room without windows. No man has a right to bring up his children

without surrounding them with books if he has the means to buy them. It is a wrong to his family. He cheats them! Children learn

to read by being in the presence of books. * * * A library is not

a luxury, but one of the necessities of life."

Not one of us is so poor but that we are able to purchase a few good books for the home. A small library of the most worthy

books in this day of cheap printing, may be had for a trifling sum. There is scarcely a family in the land that does not spend

for amusement, or in pleasure that could be dispensed with, a sum each year that would purchase a suitable course of reading. I

have been in the habitations of some of our people where even the standard works of the Church could not be found, and these are absolutely indispensable to a Latterday Saint home. There

may be some excuse for an absence of the "commonest English classics,"but there is no excuse for an absence of the standard works of the Church and the writings of our ablest authors on the principles of the Gospel.

We are trying to encourage the members of our associations in the reading of good books by recommending to them a suitable course of reading. In the past we have not met with the success

our efforts merited, and just where the fault may lie, I am not prepared to say. It may be that we have failed to some extent in

choosing books that were the most suitable for the requirements of our young men. Perhaps our books have not been advertised

enough, or there may have been a lack of system in placing them within the reach of those for whom they were intended. The

price of some may have been too high. In my opinion, other

things being equal, we should choose books that are reasonable in price. If a book cost much above one dollar, our young people

are not so apt to purchase it. The fault with most copyrighted

books is that the publishers ask too much for them, and many is, however, feel that these books are beyond their reach. There

a very large and wonderful collection of standard books from which we can make our choice. Books that have passed through

the fire of criticism and time, and have been thoroughly tested, and while we are not limited to these, yet from this class of books we can make good selections. They can be obtained in popular

editions at nominal expense.

1002 IMPROVEMENT ERA

f believe one reason why our books have not been better and more extensively read, is that we have not formed to any great extent, the reading habit. True; we do read the newspapers,

which are quite generally most inaccurate and misleading, and some cheaper varieties of literature that require little or no thought. This kind of reading docs not constitute the reading

habit. If trashy books appeal to us and we reject that which

requires reflection, we are injuring ourselves most seriously. "If

you dislike Shakespeare's 'Hamlet,'and greatly enjoy a trashy story,"said Mr. Richardson, "say so with sincerity and sorrow,

if occasion requires, ami hope and work for a reversal of your taste."In choosing books for our young men, we should consider more than merely supplying them with entertainment. The books

they read should also furnish food for thought. It is hard work

for some of us to think, and books that require thought are ofttimes considered dull and fail to stimulate the reader. The advice of

Brother Howard R. Driggs should be followed in the selection

of a book. Will the boys read it? Will it do them any good if

they do? Books for our juniors should not be too complex for

their understanding, yet should carry home a lesson that will impress the soid.

Many books have been spoiled because of too much padding.

Most novels are padded with matter that does not pertain directly to the theme, and clouds the thought and destroys the efficacy of the story. Many of our present day storywriters also spoil what

they write by the frequent interjection of profanity. The common

use of the name of Deity in nearly every exclamation seems to them to be an essential feature to give the proper emphasis and vigor. Many books written by capable and distinguished authors

have been marred in this manner. If authors were more familiar

with the commandment: "Thou shalt not take the name of the

Lord, thy God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain,"it would greatly improve their works and help their readers in keeping this commandment.

Books of this class merit censure, and where this difficulty is very marked should utterly be condemned.

Other books contain problem stories, are sensational, or deal with immoral themes. These should always be condemned.

Among a certain class such books are very 'popular, but they corrupt the morals and appeal to the baser passions of mankind.

There are other books that are perhaps free from immoral thought, as we understand that term, but are filled with vulgar slang.

One prominent writer has said: "Slang is to a people's language wdiat an epidemic disease is to their bodily constitution

just as catching and just as inevitable in its course. Like a disease,

HOW AND WHAT TO READ. 1003

too, it is severest where the sanitary conditions arc most neglected,.where there is least culture and thought to counteract it."

A book may not be classed as bad, but we should ask ourselves if it contains any thought that will benefit us intellectually, morally, or spiritually, if we read it. I do not mean to say that a bookwritten solely to amuse is necessarily bad and to be condemned,

for some of our most worthy authors have given to the world good books of this kind, that can safely be recommended. But

if the aim of a book is not uplifting or helpful to the reader it should be avoided. There are so many books that have been tried

and proved to be good, that we need not waste our time with those we may consider doubtful.

"He who writes for fools,"it has been said, ''finds an enormous audience."The "six best sellers,"advertised at times

among the popular books, are not always the best. Among them

we may find the sensational, vicious, and immoral, which poison the mind and destroy the soul. Many of these books are written

by contract made between publisher and author at so much per word for the purpose of getting gain. To be sure, they are made

attractive and filled with catchy sayings that appeal to the simple minded of that enormous class to which reference has been made.

These books are like spiders'webs, built to inveigle silly flies who know no better than to be insnared within their meshes. They

are sold largely on the strength of the extensive advertising they receive, and while they may pass through several editions while the craze is on, seldom live but a few short years, and are soon dead and forgotten. Not so, however, with the mischief they can

do, for the impressions on the mind for evil may endure.

Arthur Schopenhauer, a German philosopher, speaking of trashy and bad books, remarked: "Such books rob the public of

time, money and attention, which ought properly to belong to good literature and noble aims; and they are written with a view

merely to make money or occupation. They are, therefore, not

merely useless, but injurious. Ninetenths of our current literature has no other end but to inveigle a thaler or two out of the

public pocket, for which purpose author, publisher and printer, are leagued together. Of bad books we can never read too little;

of the good, never too much. The bad are intellectual poison and

undermine the understanding."

: "There would be fewer bad books Dr. James Baldwin said

in the world if readers were properly informed and warned of their character. And we may believe that the really vicious books

would soon cease to exit if their makers and publishers were popularly regarded with the same detestation as oilier corrupters of the public morals."

It should be distinctly understood that perfection in a novel 1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA

can hardly be expected. Even in the best, there may appear expressions, even chapters, that we cannot recommend and the book

would be greatly improved if these features were eliminated.

Nevertheless the story may be one that all may read with profit, for in the main it may express the noblest sentiments and stimulate the mind with virtuous thoughts that may be turned to action.

Because the hero of a story may be a tobacco fiend, and this habit spoken of with favor, as in Wright's story, The Winning of

Barbara Worth, it does not follow that we, in recommending the book, endorse the use of that filthy weed by our young men. We

should understand that the viewpoint of the Latterday Saint is higher than that of one not educated in the truth as we have been.

And what one may consider a virtue, or unsinful, in the world, to us may be a serious error. We must, therefore, make due allowance for the opinions and expressions of others not of our faith.

In recommending books the General Board does not, and cannot, endorse all that they contain, and yet we may declare the book is good. When we read we should use our good judgment

and learn to discriminate, accepting the good and casting away that which is evil.

Coleridge has said: "Some readers are like the hourglass

their reading is as the sand. It runs out, but leaves no vestige behind. Some, like a sponge, which imbibes everything and returns

it in the same state, only a little dirtier. Some like a jellybag,

which allows all that is pure to pass away, and retains only the refuse and dregs. The fourth class may be compared to the

slave of Golconda, who, casting away all that is worthless, preserved only the pure gems."Let us then, preserve the gems of

thought as we may obtain them.

Desultory reading as a habit is not good. Such reading impairs the power of thought and is enervating to the mind. Reading should be done systematically. Reading that requires study

and reflection should not be done in haste. It is better to read a

little and understand it than to read a great deal without getting: "I haven'tthe thought. We sometimes hear the complaint

time."But we all have time to read and study which is our

solemn duty. Can we not arrange to find at least fifteen minutes

in each day to devote to systematic reading and reflection? This

would be but a trifling amount of time, yet it would be one hour and fortyfive minutes in a week; seven and onehalf hours in a

month of thirty days, and ninetyone hours and a quarter in the year. This is equal to eleven and onehalf days of eight hours

each during the entire year. I am sure we can all find more time

than that to read, yet this amount is all Dr. Eliot felt was necessary for a man to spend to receive the "essentials of a liberal education"from his recommended fivefoot shelf of books.

HOW AND WHAT TO READ. 1005

reasons th e many the why JVl. I.t A.llaGenerale presentedBoardhereis recommending-,a few of each season, a reading

course for the benefit of our youth. It is with the desire to em

courage them in good reading, to increase their knowledge, faith and perseverance, in that which is good and true. Very few

among us read too much; most of us read too little. The Lord

has said: "And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently and teach

one another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books

words of wisdom, seek learning even by study and also by faith."

What system we shall adopt to get our books read is an important question. We must, of course, reach the hearts of our

boys and interest them, or we shall fail. Public readings, if they

a e presented by capable persons, and well done, will help to stimulate our boys to action. Book reviews in our open night programs, or in some public gathering will help. The presentation

if capably done—of some interesting portion of the book, may

create an interest in their minds. In our storytelling the subjects might be taken from the books of our reading course.

Reading clubs might be organized with profit. The young

men could meet at some selected time and place and one could read while the others listen. There is virtue in reading aloud; let

each boy take a turn. It will teach them to read well, to think

more clearly, and to properly pronounce their words. It trains the

ear as well as the eye, and then, there is the social intercourse and exchange of ideas, which is a benefit to them. This, of course,

must be done under the direction of some responsible person connected with the Mutual work. When a book is read, all who

were present at the reading should have credit as having read the book. There is a verse in the 8th chapter of Nehemiah that has

a bearing on this subject. When the Jews returned from the

Captivity we read that the people were called together and Ezra and the Priests stood before them to instruct them. This is the

passage: "So they read in the book of the law of God distinctly,

and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading."

This verse is a perfect treatise in a sentence of the art of reading aloud. Let our young men remember the passage in their reading.

See that the books of the reading course are placed in your public libraries and reading rooms. A number of young men forming a

reading club, may purchase the entire set among them, and the expense will not be very great. It would be well for each home

to secure the reading course, and that each association also be provided with a set.

The General Board invites the officers and members of the

Associations to recommend good books for our reading course.

Send the name of the author and the title of the book, with such 1006 I M PRl >VEMENT EB \

oth r remarks as may be necessary to Secretary Snow at the Era office.

The reading course work should be placed under the supervision of one or more capable persons in the stake and in the wards. They should devise means to get the hooks read by the

members of the associations and should keep a record of the work that is being done. Reports from the associations to the officers

of the stake should he regularly made. Tt would not be amiss if

the work of the reading course were placed in the hands of a committee of two or three, instead of one. If this work lags in

any particular ward, special efforts by the committee should he made in that direction. Officers of the associations should use

their initiative and think out schemes and devise ways and means hy which the hooks of the reading course may be placed in the hands of the members of the associations and then see that they are read.

Myself

Today I fight with a wily foe,

And he has the strength of ten;

He's conquered me a thousand times,

But I'll wage the fight again.

His blade is keen, his thrust is true.

His way is cunning stealth;

The chances are he'll run me through

I am that foe, myself.

Today I walk with a genial friend.

Our souls will sweet commune;

I'll tell him all my secret hopes

From morn till highest noon;

Then we'll move on till eventide;

A boon, my dearest wealth, To have him ever at my side I am that friend, myself.

Louis W. Larsen.

RICHMOND,.TAH.

M. I. A. Contest Work

BY OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, OF THE GENERAL BOARD V. SI. M. I a.

Life is a series of contests. The best in nearly every line of

work is the result of some form of competition. To "call our

youngpeople to prepare some work out of a sense of duty is not always enough to bring forth their best; but when asked to join

in a friendly contest, their personal pride at stake, they put forth their best efforts, and splendid results are the outcome.

In a ward where this work has been tried, a young man, after having seen his friends performing, said: "Well now, I

believe I can do as well as that,"and soon "they found new material coming forth. In some instances young people have been invited to prepare some line of work, the officers desiring that the

ward might be represented well in the district, and they who have never appeared before the public, come now into prominence, and do themselves and the ward proud by their splendid work.

The gospel is broad in its scope, including every line of noble endeavor. We are not all inclined toward spiritual work, but the

literary, musical and other lines may appeal to us. Why not

develop these, and perhaps some day we'll find ourselves longing for ths greater and nobler spiritual. work,—the

I know of a quartet of male voices, young men who used to roam the streets of one of our country towns singing songs of a light and frivolous nature who, I believe, never would have responded to prepare a quartet number out of a sense of duty, but when told that the ward wanted them to represent it in a friendly contest, they at once sought instruction, and turned their splendid power into this work, and won for themselves and their friends first place in the stake contest. They are now

singing in the Sunday evening services and blessing the people with their beautiful music which was once light and frivolous and wasted on the midnight air.

One young man, I remember in particular, who had never given the public the benefit of his ability, though he had attended the auxiliary organizations, was asked to join in a ward contest, and to perpare a tenminute address on "Education in

Utah."He did so well that he surprised his friends. One remarked: "That was fine! I didn't know he could do anything

like that."I happened to be sitting by the bishop who remarked

"Well, well, that boy will make a splendid public speaker."

Perhaps the greatest difficulty in all the contest work is to learn the great lesson to be good losers as well as good winners.

Here is where the officers must play their parts well. They

should have definite, detailed understanding, after the work has 1008 IMPROVEMENT ERA

been carefully discussed. The material, the rules, etc., should be

written and placed in the hands of all contestants. Then the

officers, both stake and ward, should uphold the decision, never bending the rules in order to favor their particular friends. The

thought should be kept before the young people that the real victory comes through splendid preparation and growth. The decision of the judges always should be taken without question, and

they should remember that the decision is only the necessary ending of the work.

Being a good loser: that is one of life's best lessons. Why

hot learn the lesson among our friends? It requires considerable

strength of character to come up smiling when, after a long period of preparation, the decision goes against you; but a great

lifelesson has been learned and a great winning power has been acquired by those who can thus meet such decision. Let us not

forget that in splendid preparation the greatest victory

is is not the won—intellectual growth. The answer to a problem

most important thing, but the many hours spent in working over that problem, the splendid growth that comes as a result of are the things worth while. concentration,—these

WASATCH STAKE LADIES QUARTET

Winners of first place in final contest, June Conference.

At a recent outing of M. I. A. scouts, part of the daily program consisted of a large campfiremeeting, when stories were

told and old familiar songs were sung. At first, the singing

was fairly successful, but no one knew that there was special ability in camp until one evening the company was divided in a friendly contest. A neighboring farmer, his son and his daughter-inlaw were chosen judges. The song selected was the "Star

M. I. A. CONTEST WORK. 1009

Spangled Banner."They had sung this before, but now, when

every young lad with all his young life and vigor was called upon to do his best, the result was really an inspiration.

Let the great work of the Mutual Improvement find new strength in these friendly M. I. A. contests! As officers let us

do our part in keeping alive this movement which demands the best from our boys and girls, so that as our June Conferences come and the grand finals are given, we shall have intellectual contests that may be the pride of any people in the world.

We publish herewith the list of contestants, the titles of their numbers, and the stakes represented at the grand finals of the late annual June Conference. All who entered had won first place

in their stake contests STORYTELLING Jane Rawlinson, Deseret stake, "The Prophecy."

Inez Bird, South Davis stake, "A Character Sketch."

Cora H. Flinders, Juab stake, "The Great Stone Face."

Hattie Johnson, Oneida stake, "Michael Strogoff, A Courier of the

Czar."Mrs. Thurza T. Adams, Bear River stake, "The Great Stone Face.

*Claude Cornwall, Granite stake, "The Whirligig of Life."

Afton Young, Liberty stake, "Jonnie's Thanksgivin'."

Lisle Lindsay, Wasatch stake, "Theodocia's Pearls."

Wilde Dixon, Nebo stake, "The Other Wise Man."

Jean Clark, Morgan stake, "The Last Game."

Myrl Brugger, Sevier stake, "Love's Sacrifice."

Mabel Clark, Maricopa stake, "Laddie."

ORATORY Mrs. Mark Reynolds, Utah stake, "Religious Freedom."

Mr Hilton, South Davis stake, "Young Men of Utah."

J. Lyman Smith, Cassia stake, "The Problem of the American

Home.".....,-

George W. Hanks, Panguitch stake, "International Arbitration.

Joseph S.Fish, Snowflake stake, "The Debt We Owe."

Stayner Richards, Granite Stake, "Loyalty."

*Axel A. Madsen, Liberty stake, "Our Conception of Life.

George Baird, Box Elder stake, "The Pioneer."

Lethe Coleman, Wasatch stake, "Utah."

N. E. Dahl, Nebo stake, "Life of Christ."

MALE QUARTET Liberty stake, "In Absence,"Dudley Buck.

*Salt Lake stake, "The Woodland Rose,"Parks.

South Davis stake, "The Woodland Rose,"Parks.

ladies'quartet Juab stake, "Pale in the Amber West,"Parks.

Oneida stake, "Daddy,"Parks.

Star Valley stake, "Dawn of Day,"Stephens.

Liberty stake, "Lady Pioneer,"Stephens.

Nebo stake, "Pale in the Amber West,"Parks.

*Wasatch stake, "Annie Laurie,"Parks.

*Winners of first place.

STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS Y. M. M. I. A.

Top row: James Gunn McKay, Ogden stake; Clarence Johnson,

Duchesne stake; William Evans, Young stake. Center row: Edward

P. Lyman, San Juan stake; Pontha Calder, Uintah stake; J. Walter

Lowe, Alberta (Canada) stake. Bottom: Edward H. Hale, Cassia

(Idaho) stake; Mark H. Brimhall, Taylor (Canada) stake.

THE CORRAL BARS

Voice of the Intangible

BY ALBERT R. LYMAN

Chapter XII—With Nerve and Tissue

One year after the starvation trip, the Rojer outfit crossed

Castle Hill with a big string of fat horses, and passed over the sandhills, through the waving grass and flowers towards the lake.

A good year had followed the dry season.

The roundup bade fair to be peaceful and prosperous, and really it was both till after the first day's ride at Pagahrit. Even

then, Ben saw no real hostilities, but when Widder came to camp in the afternoon, he bore, on his bald head, the same fresh marks and brands that had figured so wholesomely on the homeward drive a year and a half before. He hastened to explain that old

Pancho had stumbled down a bank into some rocks and brush but Jud, who had been with him all day, took no notice of the report, and plainly Fred Rojer didn't believe a word of it.

In the evening Ben heard his father and Hiles talking at the corral "I sure hate it,"affirmed the latter, "I guess I'm too quick.

but when I ketch a man right in the act, I can't keep my hands off of 'im.""Violence is generally bad,"observed the other.

"I know it,"- put in Jud remorsefully, "I'm ashamed of themmarks on 'im, but—

Eavesdropping never had charms for Ben, and walking 1012 IMPROVEMENT ER \

straight ahead, he lost track of the conversation in the middle of

J ud's sentence.

Next morning Widdcr asked that everything bearing his brand should be brought to the pasture, and later in the day, when the two rode alone, Fred Rojer explained to Ben, that Josh intended to take his cattle away from the Pagahrit to stay. The

father made no comment whatever, and the news struck Ben as being "mighty welcome."Later on, however, when he thought

it over alone in his cave, he surprised himself with a genuine sense i >f regret that their companion of all these years should go away forever. Widdcr was so stupid and so unfortunate; he would

make enemies wherever he went; they would disfigure his face,

and rejoice at his afflictions, and no friend would he win among them because, poor fellow, he had no winning ways.

Josh found no heart on that trip to voice his only song, nor did he ever sing it again in Ben's hearing. He sat quietly by the

fire, his scarred face and head presenting a beaten and humbled appearance; and young Rojer, while he watched, forgot old

Bowse and the mavericks, the blue mule and the last mess of rice, and felt only pity from day to day for the silent, crestfallen, fleshladen man, whose cattle came in with each day's gather to return no more to the sandhills.

On this roundup, as on others at Pagahrit, the increasing number of cattle in the pasture, made it a poor place for the horses, and it became necessary to let them graze below camp on the wiregrass by the lakeshore. This arrangement was never

without risk in the spring of the year, for the old ponies might at any time depart without warning, for the grass at Peavine Spring.

To forestall this possible calamity, an "emergency horse"was kept always above the fence, or tied to a tree in camp.

One afternoon with the branding finished, and the cattle seeking shade and food among the blackwillows of the pasture, all hands made for camp and the pot of beef that had hung over a slow fire since breakfast. Flossy was to be emergency horse till

morning, and when the others drew their laragos and turned loose,

Ben threw the pacing mare's reins over a limb, took the meat from the fire, brought out the bread and the spoons, and after placing a halfsack of oats conveniently in the shade for his father's chair, sank crosslegged beside the frugal spread with his back against a tree.

The bay mare pawed the earth and whinnied, and wormed the horses couldand twisted like a captive lizard,—for some of

be seen by the lake below, and she fairly itched to join them.

When the four beefeaters had laid the foundation of a square meal, a gust of wind fluttered a newspaper out of the panniers, and carried it directly under Flossy's fidgety nose. That settled

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE. 1013

it. She wanted no better excuse to snap the reins and "burn the

earth"down the canyon.

The outfit, spoon in hand, watched the cloud of dust rise up behind her, till Hiles sprang breathless to his feet: "We're a-foot,

by gum!"he snorted. No two ways about it—every horse had

disappeared, and a mountain of dust drifted out over the lake.

Widcler sat nonplussed, as if suddenly aware of his helpless burden of flesh; and he of the buckskin shirt hesitated, for once, in sharp

uncertainty.

By some mysterious instinct, all eyes turned to Ben—he wasslender, and nimble, and quick—it was just a mile over the cutoff,

and no one could cover that mile so quickly as he. Excitement

reigned. Every one of those horses longed for the mountain, and

would stop short of nothing below the tall timber, sixtyfive miles away. Young Rojer turned to his father with quick inquiry.

"Yes, you better go,"decided Fred Rojer, "you're more likely than any of us to make it."

Leaving the words unfinished on the bearded lips, Ben snatched a bridle and clambered up the smooth rock, clinging with his hands to keep from slipping back. From the top of the rock

he took a lively trot for the little pass, through which the horses would find exit from the gulch. After all, how long that mile,

hot the sun.how heavy the sand,—how

When he staggered breathless and hot into the pass, behold the trail ploughed and scarred with violent hoofmarks. "By

George! they're gone,"he gasped, "but maybe they'll stop to graze

on the sand grass."A change of grass is quite sure to possess

momentary change for horses, even in the springtime.

He labored on through the soft sand and over the solid rock, fresh anxiously ahead from every hilltop,—noting the—looking

appearance of the tracks, and feeling sure those brutes would stop to eat, and give him a fighting chance. And all the time he got

silent, blisfarther and farther out into the burning desert,—the

tered desert of the Pagahrit. His lungs smarted and burned.

His clothes hung heavy with perspiration, and his feet felt half cooked in his boots by the hot sand.

By four o'clock he had walked and run a big seven miles, and that foundation of a dinner had melted away under the strain

Faint and trembling he reached the top of a rockknoll, and half fell to a sitting posture. The damp of despair began to rise in

his throbbing soul, when the whole bunch of horses moved slowly out of a sandhollow, scarcely half a mile ahead.

for at That sight lent strength to his weary limbs,—strength

least one more good run. Beginning with a feeble trot, he chose

his course behind a little hill. His highheefed boots sank into

still, a blisterthe sand, and hindered his flight like a clog. Worse

1014 IMPROVEMENT ERA

developed on one foot, and a fever of thirst began to burn in his palate. No difference, a hundred yards would find him in front

of those runaways, at least he thought so, and puffed and panted towards the coveted goal, while the joy of anticipated victory, hung like the apples of Tantalus above him.

From the place of elevation he had toiled so tenaciously to reach, he saw the horses disappear over a ridge a mile to the east.

Flossy seemed to have the saddle dangling under her body; her

effort to roll had probably resulted in another stampede.

Muttering dejectedly to himself, Ben wiped his face with a great red handkerchief, and dropped himself in a heap. The hills

by the lake were now enveloped in the haze of distance. A vast

wilderness looked up from all around, a wilderness whose wide stretch of sand and rock could never be appreciated by a man on a good horse. In fact, Ben himself had ridden like an Arab over

them but twodays before, and been impressed with nothing but the interest of the chase. How different now! The heatlegions

danced their exultation on the gray rockknolls and sandhills, for the racing, thoughtless horseman dragged himself up and down their heated slopes, painfully respectful of every foot in their magnificent size.

Young Rojer looked back again: it was a long way to the

lake, and farther still to any other water. Then he thought of

the herd in the pasture where the feed grew shorter every day;

of the worth of that herd, and the irreparable loss which must follow their being left for the summer on the already overstocked range. He thought of his father's poverty and debts, and then

of the eight long miles advantage which made the task his own by virtue of all sound reason.

he in spite of But his aching limbs and blistered feet—was

them "more likely than any one else to make the riffle?"

"Go on, son,"a familiar voice seemed to say, "I've always believed you would be a man, and what's a man but a boy with grit to do manly things? If you come back it will be failure and

loss; if you go on it will be doing your best, and real men can do

no more."Somewhere in young Rojer's weary soul these words found eirs, or at least something similar enough to register the thought, though the desert was still; the hush of a dry solistill—painfully

tude mocked at the toil of living things. Ben recalled again the

kind image of the bearded face, and half sobbing with love and pain, limped down the east slope of the hill and took up the trail again. He would run no more. His steps should be taken carefully and wisely, and his failing power reserved for a mighty task.

On he plodded"step after step with torturing regularity, till he reached the slope of Castle Hill, with the glory of a desert sunVOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE. 1015

set blazing up behind him. Never since he first crossed that hill

on the stripelegged pony had the trail been so full of crooks and turns and steep pitches between the hillbase and the summit. On

the very top, as if to mark the fifteenth milestone, or declare a rest, the saddle, scarred and torn, stretched its bedraggled cinches and laragos across the hoofmarked trail.

Young Rojer glanced anxiously down the slope towards

Castle Wash, but a flame of torture in his boots claimed some sort of attention before another step. Sinking on the saddle, he

raised one foot to the opposite knee, took the offending footgear by the heel and the toe and tried to remove it. It had laid hold

of his very nerves, and refused to slip a sixteenth of an inch;

moreover, it bit with new vengeance for being disturbed. He

tried the other boot with the same result. His feet seemed to be

literally boiled free of all skin below the ankles. He looked forlornly from one to the other, and held them from the ground to

soothe his lipquivering torment.

With two minutes'rest he became a cripple; crippled and

helpless and tortured with thirst. His shrunken, gluey tongue

cleaved to the roof of his mouth, and his throat felt dry and parched like a chico spot in an alkali field. It was not a step less

than seven miles to Greenwater, and the horses had no doubt passed there hours ago. Possibly they strung down over. Clay Hill

even Ben saw his own withered corpse down—possibly—possibly.

beside the trail in the desert beyond the hill, for he had fallen asleeo, or, had he begun to go mad with thirst?

Whatever it was, it jarred him back to rational thought and rekindled the fire in his boots. He became aware that he grew

more stiff and helpless and sore every minute. What would Jud

do if he were here? He would grit his teeth and make the foot

of the hill even though he had to roll all the way.

Young Rojer started resolutely up, and fell back with a groan.

Then he glared desperately into the dusk around, plunged a hand in his pocket, took out his knife, and cut both boots from the top to the toe, going carefully and slow, however, along the side of his foot.

From the uppers of those boots, he improvised a pair of rude moccasins, bound them on over his socks, which seemed to be mixed up with and grown into the outer rind of his foot, and limped on down the hill to Castle Wash. On and on up that dry

waterway, he trudged alone in the darkness, hearing no sound but the painful footfalls of his moccasined feet, or the dismal echoing wail of a coyote.

Sometimes he wondered if he had gone mad, and half dreaming as he walked, it became difficult to straighten out the story of the stampede, and the apples of Tantalus which had hung above 1016 IMPROVEMENT ERA

him ever since. Sometimes he fancied his father or Jud walked

beside him, and every so often he found it necessary to count himself, to be sure the chase went forward still in good order.

A part of that killing distance between the hill and Greenwater, he must have covered unconsciously, for he recollects only half of it now. He recalls that once in the darkness he stumbled

and fell to his knees, and before trying to rise he prayed aloud for success, and promised to go as long as he could crawl if that would bring it to him. He remembers first seeing the little pond

half crept to its shore and saw his rein the starlight,—how he

ON THE SAND HILLS OF SAN JUAN

"Less ambitious than a Mexican's burro."

flection like a wild man looking up from the green bottom. He

remembers how he drank a few careful swallows, and dragged himself away, and how he lay there half dreaming and more dead than alive, listening to the low thump, thump of his breast; a motion accompanied by dull throbbing pain in his shapeless moccasins. That throbbing sound, coming home with a blow from

each beat to his weary senses, seemed some way to conspire with the still voices of the night, and say to his sleepy ears: "One

chance, East Fork, East Fork, East Fork, one chance, East Fork,"as if someone stood over him saying it, and beating time with the dry stalk of a yucca.

It would be difficult to distinguish between "one chance,"and ordinary nightmare, only that the former admitted of no real sleep, and when it had given Ben Rojer sufficient time to take a good drink without danger of sickness or harm, it spurred him on above Greenwater towards the mouth of East Fork.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE. 1017

His stiff bootsoles had fended his feet from sharp stones as far as Castle Hill, but since then every blister had been broken, and the cutis had been cut and bruised like a Pahute cayuse's back, after a special ride for a medicineman.

Upper Castle Gulch is called East Fork, and its lower half,

Castle Wash. The name Castle, came from an old ruined castle in

a cave above Greenwater. The trail to Clay Hill follows a sidecanyon, which opens into Castle Gulch at right angles, and in

such a way as to be often missed by man and beast, even though they know the country; and no trail leads up over the walls of

East Fork. Ben knew that; he had seen cattle and horses a dozen

times go into the headnarrows of that fork, and think themselves on the way to Elk Mountain. That fact had been poured like seasoning into his nightmare philosophy, and stimulated him to make

the mouth of the fork before indulging in sleep.

Sometime, indefinitely before morning, he staggered into the opening of Clay Hill canyon, and dropped himself in a heap on the sand. He would seize the chance if one were left, or die in

despair if it weren't, for he felt himself near the end of his strength, like the fleeing fawn ready to die in its tracks.

He fell asleep. Bridle in hand he lost account of all things,

even the moccasins glued by his blood to his feet, nor knew again that the world moved, or that time and space were defined, till the trample of hoofs startled him afresh with pain and consciousness.

The sun had risen above the cliffs, the horses had come down from

East Fork and were shying around him on the trot. When he

scrambled up, it frightened them and they went the faster, while he, more on his hands than his feet, tried in desperation to cut off the last four. He called, "Whoa boy, whoa,"and pleaded as

with tears to induce them to stop, but frightened half into a fit by his stooping, crawling position, they climbed frantically among the big rocks of the sidehill to avoid him.

Flossy and Pancho and Peshont flew past, in eager pursuit of those already ahead, and old Bill came up determined to follow.

In this stage of excitement, with the prospect of Bill or nothing, young Rojer forgot his pain and ran with all possible speed. He

ran in vain. The old gray, in his fright, leaped a rock and made

good his escape.

Ben dropped on the sand with a tear of pain, and a muttered curse of bitter disappointment. Let us forgive that curse, and

whatever he may have added to it when he saw the blood oozing from a fold in his moccasin, and felt himself grow sick with despair.

Then the whinney of a horse broke on his ears, like the song of an angel; for old Buck, sleepy with age and always lazy and

1018 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stiff, had fallen behind in East Fork, and came now on a pegging jog, calling lonesomely for his fellowdeserters.

"Well bless your ugly old picture,"coughed Ben, and resolved to stand straight up and capture the old packhorse, though it should cut his moccasined feet to the very bone. But Buck

surrendered with churnheaded meekness, the bridle went on, and young Rojer followed it.

Oh the glorious feel of a strong horse's muscular back, though he be less dashing than a civilized cow, and less ambitious than a

Mexican's burro. Of course, Buck could trot, and did trot at

times, and oh! those times; the ups and downs of his gait were as

regular and smooth as the stakes in a bullfence. But he headed

the whole bunch before they started down Clay Hill trail, and carried Ben triumphantly behind them down Castle Gulch, and up to the saddle on Castle Hill. That piece of bedraggled furniture

came too late to prevent more blisters on horse and rider, but it was a huge element of comfort, despite Ben's agony of soles while putting it on.

At the foot of the hill he found the saddleblankets, and at the same time discovered his father waiting alone on a rock beside the trail. Young Rojer looked at that dear, familiar form, considered the hot sun beating down upon him, and the anxiety of

soul he must have suffered during the night; and then he looked

at the shapeless, leathern bandages concealing his own lacerated feet, took stock of his faint, hungry, aching, self, so near ready to collapse with exhaustion, and felt at the fountainhead of tears, deep in his soul, a sweet tremor of love and joy and exultation.

When Ben rode up, Fred Rojer slid down from his rock, looked at the moccasined feet, and the sanded stains of dry blood upon them, noted the sleepless eyes and the pinched face with its story of terrible effort, and took one of Ben's hands in both of his own. I may not write here for the amusement of strangers the

sacred communion of those two souls, for their spirits were moved with feeling even to tears, and "thought leaped out to wed with thought, ere thought could wed itself with speech."

Fred Rojer's warm, fatherly love, felt the keen pangs of hunger and thirst that preyed on his son, and he knew without words how those feet would hurt if touched to the ground. Putting his

arms around the youthful frame, he lifted him from the saddle to a shelflike seat on the rock. "You're the same little boy I used

to carry,"he said, tenderly, regardless of the brawn and tan and growth of intervening years, "I loved you then as a special, sacred trust, and I hoped you would become a man worth while; and

now I love you more because you do manly things. We're a long

way from the busy places of men, son, this is a howling wilderness,—but right here we're meeting the great test of our immortal

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE. 1019

manhood. The way you've brought these horses back, is worth

more to me than all the steers I've driven over Castle Hill."

Then he brought a canteen of water and a lunchsack from under a shady ledge of the rock, and listened to the whole story while Ben ate and drank. "How is it you walked these fourteen

miles?"asked Ben, when they had discussed the stampede and recapture. "Jud ought to've made this walk."

"He wanted to come, but I felt more like walking than waiting;—I was anxious to know about you."

At two o'clock, when Ben and his father brought the horses into camp, Jud's crowfeet stretched half way back to his ears.

"Yu jest kep'a hangin'an'a rattlin',"he began in hearty, firmjawed compliment, "I knew yu had the sand."

Josh came up and offered his huge hand, an action as awkward as it was unusual. "You're allright, Ben,"he added in a

subdued voice, and his battered face referred in some strange way, to the boy's kindly service of that rainy night on the Elk.

At least young Rojer took it that way, and felt that Josh was a better man; and why should he not be better, since his head had

by Jud, once by Montana, andbeen fixed four times?—twice

once by a surgeon in Durango.

Four days later, when the herd strung out from the lake towards Castle Hill, Ben found himself but little the worse for having "hoofed it"to Castle Gulch. Of course he had no boots,—no

footgear but those bandagelike moccasins.

Towards the end of the drive, when Josh cut his cattle out of the bunch, preparatory to following another trail to a new range, he shook hands with Fred Rojer and Ben, and more remarkable still, with Jud. But the two men were not friends,

the bullterrier eyes glared their dislike at the crowfeet; and the

crowfeet showed a firmjawed willingness to let the matter stand as it looked. The one said, "Adios,"the other, "Be goo tu yerself."

"I hope you're not leaving with hard feelings towards any of us,"remarked Fred Rojer.

"Don't you feel hard towards me?"asked Widder.

"Not at all."

For a few seconds the black eyes looked down in confusion.

"I'm glad tu hear it,"he stammered, at length, and reined Pancho into the trail that led forever from Pagahrit.

"Don't you pity him, Pa?"asked Ben as soon as the two were

alone.

I pity him more "Yes, son, I've always pitied him, and now than ever."

"Don't you think he'll straighten up and be a better man after this?"

1020 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"He may try, but it's a hard matter for a man of his age to straighten out the kind of a life he has lived."

"Why wouldn't he say he had no hard feelings?"

"Here's a principle I want you to remember always,"said

Fred Rojer. "The man who injures another, can't feel just right

till that injury is corrected. Josh's feelings are touched a little,

but he isn't converted, and after he's been away from us a while, he'll be as rank as ever. But son, I've never injured him, and I

cherish no illwill at all. I've been tied up with him a long, long

time, and been robbed and tormented till I thought I'd burst with anger, but I've endured it thus far, and if the Lord is willing to call it enough, and let him go his way in peace, I'll offer no objections."

[to be continued]

God's Purposes

The tiniest flower within the glen,

Though trembling in the summer air,

Plays its own part in God's great plan,

And blooms to make the world more fair.

The rippling brooklet sings its way

Adown the hill across the lea,

To find the more majestic stream,

And swell the ocean's symphony.

The sweeping plain, the mighty hills,

The rolling landscape, verdure clad,

The woodlands outlined 'gainst the sky,

Were formed to make His children glad,

And turn them from the sinful road,

Where many human wrecks are found,

To walk the path of noble deeds

Where love and joy and peace abound.

Ruth M. Fox.

The Gospel to the Lamanites

BY REY L. PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THE MEXICAN MISSION.

XVI—Who is to Carry the Restored Gospel to the Lamanites?

Now, taking it for granted that we, those who have joined the Church from among the Gentile nations, are those whom the prophets foretold would receive the fulness of the gospel in the latter days, is it too much to suppose that we are also those seen and mentioned by the Prophet Nephi when he said:

"And now I would prophesy somewhat more concerning the Jews and the Gentiles. For after the book of which I have spoken shall

come forth, and be written unto the Gentiles.and sealed up again

unto the Lord, there shall be many which shall believe the words which are written; and they shall carry them forth unto the remnant of our

seed?"

And if we are those who should believe the word which was to be written, and who should carry it forth unto the seed of those who wrote it, I ask, why are there so many of us who are averse to doing the Father's work among the Lamanites? Why

so many young men among us who, when the subject is mentioned to them of taking a mission to Mexico, for instance, where millions of the remnant of the seed of Nephi dwell, say: "O let me go

anywhere except to Mexico; I wish to go to a country that

is civilized, and come in contact with people where I can gain education and polish?"And why will so many parents who say

to their sons and to the sons of other parents, who are called to fill missions to the Lamanites, "I would prefer to have my son go anywhere rather than to Mexico,"or, "If I were you, I would inask to have my mission changed, because you will never come contact with anyone but savages where you are going."

Do these conditions exist, perchance, because we do not believe in the words of the Book that has been written? Or is it that

we do not have full faith in the prophecies contained in the Book, referring to the redemption of this branch of the covenant people of the Lord? Or is it that we believe in these things only in an

abstract way, and lull ourselves to sleep with the thought that the

Lord will do his work in his own way, and that in no way can we be among those who are supposed to take part in this work, supposing that the Lord has reserved, to bring forth at some future will call upon to do thistime, some other special men whom he work? 1022 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Whatever the cause, the feelings described exist in the minds of far too many of the members of the Church, and in my mind they are thoughts and feelings that should have no place in the hearts of Latterday Saints.

I have heard men say, who profess a good standing in the

Church, that they doubt if the gospel will ever be able to bring about the redemption of this people. And I have had others say

to me: "Do you not wish that your work was among a civilized

people who could appreciate the gospel message you carry to them?

How is it that you can content yourself to spend the best years of your life among that dark and benighted people, who are too low and degraded to ever be raised above the condition in which they now live?"Young men have come into this mission who say that before they came relatives and friends brought to bear every influence possible to get them to strive to have their missions changed to some field of labor where civilized people live, and others have come down here with such a preoccupied idea and prejudice against this people that it takes months for them to become wholly converted to the work that they themselves came out to do: a

work of redemption among the Lamanites.

I have heard men say that they would like to see about ninetenths more of the Lamanites killed off, and that then the Lord mig"ht be able to do something with the rest of them.

Why should such feelings exist in the hearts of Latterday

Saints? It seems to me that we, of all people, with the great

knowledge we possess in regard to this people, should be the most tolerant towards them in their fallen condition, and be, not only willing, but anxious to work for their uplift and redemption. They

are what they are because of their own wickedness and that of their forefathers, and because of the curse that the Lord has permitted to come upon them in consequence of those sins, but the same God who has permitted them to become what they are still claims them as his covenant people, and he has said that he would remember them in mercy and restore them from their fallen condition. And, furthermore, he has said that he would use us, those

of the Gentiles who have come to a knowledge of his true gospel, and who believe in the words of the Book which is a history of this very people, as instruments in his hands to carry the gospel to them and to bring about the restoration of which he has spoken. Who

are we, if we believe as we profess, to say that we will not, or that we do not wish to take part in this work; or to counsel the Lord

when this work should begin or be done? Those who do so are

only sitting in their own light.

It is not my desire to try to show that the work of the Lord and the preaching of the gospel among the Lamanites is any

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES. 1023

greater than the work of the Lord and the preaching of the gospel among any other people, but it is my desire to show that it is all the Lord's work, and that this part of it is as important as anv other part. And the Lord will, indeed, do his work in his own

way, and if we do not avail ourselves of the great privilege of being instruments in his hands in helping to bring about his righteous purposes, he will find others who will, and we shall find that we have let pass by the grandest privileges of our lives.

I firmly believe in the words of the Savior when he said:

"And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; then shall the end come."

The gospel is, as Paul says, "The power of God unto salvation, unto every one that bclicvcth; to the Jew first, and also to the

Greek."And the work of carrying it unto all nations and unto

every creature, rests with us, we who have come to a knowledge of it; and I maintain that a mission to the Japanese is as honorable

and as necessary as one to the European nations, and a mission to

Mexico, Central America, South America, or the islands of the sea, where a remnant of the seed of Lehi dwell, is as honorable, and as much to be desired, as a mission to the Eastern, Central, or

Western States, of the United States.,

Are not the people of all these lands, and as for that, of all the lands of the earth, the children of our Father in heaven? And

have they not all an equal chance to the saving powers of his holy gospel, in as far as they yield obedience to it? And is not the

promise of the Lord extended unto them which says: "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved?"and

the thought occurs, as occurred to Paul of old: "How then shall

they call upon him in whom they have not believed? and how shall

they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall

they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except

they be sent? as it is written, 'How beautiful are the feet of them

that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!'"I ask the question: How are the Lamanites to call upon the

true Christ in whom they have not believed? And how are they

to learn to believe in him, if he is not taught unto them? How

is the gospel to bring about the restoration and redemption of the covenant people of the Lord, who sit in darkness, if it is not carit?ried and taught unto them by those who have a knowledge of

Beautiful, indeed, in the eyes of those who are redeemed, will be the feet of those who bring unto them the gospel of peace and redemption, and the glad tidings of good things.

It seems that of old the apostles chosen by the Savior had a similar idea to that possessed by many of our people in the Church today. They believed, then, that the gospel of the Savior was

1024 IMPROVKMENT ERA

only to the Jews,, as many of our people believe that the gospel today is only to the socalled enlightened nations of the world.

Peter, the chief apostle, had to receive a vision from the Lord, in which he was commanded not to call common or unclean that which the Lord had cleansed, to prepare him to go unto Cornelius, a Gentile, and teach and administer unto him the ordinances of the gospel; and so great was the impression made upon 'Peter by this

vision, and the rehearsal of a vision that this same man Cornelius had received, that he exclaimed: "Of a truth I perceive that God

is no respecter of persons; but in every nation he that feareth him

and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."The same is

true in our day, and of whatever nation, he that will fear the Lord and work righteousness is accepted with him.

Not simply because the Lamanites are a covenant people of the Lord can it be expected that the Lord is going to redeem them without any effort on their part. No; he intends that they shall

be redeemed through obedience to the gospel, which is the power of God unto salvation unto all men, and for that reason he has willed that it should be carried and taught unto them by us, who have been so favored as to receive it in all of its restored purity.

And rather than a duty it is a great privilege we have in being able to participate in this great and glorious work of redemption.

XVII—Con elusion

As has been said in this article, the work of the Lord among the Lamanites has been going on ever since the Church was organized. In the year 1879, a mission of the Church was opened

up in the republic of Mexico, which is a nation composed almost wholly of Lamanites or a mixture of Lamanitish blood; and at

the present time the gospel is being preached with great success among the inhabitants of that land. Many hundreds of the natives have accepted the truth, and are living in strict accordance

with the principles of the gospel, and the gospel is doing for them just what it is doing for any other people who accept and live it.

The work is at present being carried on by only a few missionaries, far too few for the work that is before us. When we stop

to think that only a few of the fifteen millions of Lamanites living within the republic of Mexico have heard the gospel, and that we have before us all of the republics of Central and South America, with their millions of people, all Lamanitish blood, as fields that have never been touched, we can of a truth say: "The harvest is

indeed great but the laborers are few."What we want and what

the work needs is more help to carry on the great work of redemption among this branch of the covenant people of the Lord.

Can anyone wish to see a more literal fulfilment of all that

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES. 1025

the Lord has promised should come upon this people, as a result of their wickedness? And can anyone, with a love of the gospel,

and a love of their fellow men in their hearts, wish other than to see a speedy fulfilment of the great promises of redemption made unto them?

Reduced, as they have been, to onetenth of their former numbers, and trodden down till they are "a hiss and a byword, and are counted as nought by the Gentiles,"they are in precisely the condition that Nephi saw that they should be in, when the gospel should find them. And the power to raise them from

their present condition, the gospel of Jesus Christ, is in our hands, to be not only willing but anxious, to carry the gospel of peace and love and of redemption and salvation to those who are sick and in spiritual darkness.

Remember the words of the Savior wherein he said: "They

that are whole need not a physician, but they that are sick,"and also, "I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance."

Think it no hardship, if you are called by the Master, to go to the ends of the earth to save if it were but one soul, but rather esteem it a great privilege and blessing, for great shall be your reward and your joy with that one soul in your Father's

Kingdom.

MEXICO, D. F., MEXICO

[the end]

ON THE BANKS OF THE RIVER DEE, SCOTLAND.

THE DEAD GODS

Departed long are all the ancient gods,

The elements know not their vanquished race,

Their altars broken under dust and clods,

In Persia, Egypt, Attica and Thrace!

The sacred incense to them no more burns,

In vestal temple, or from hero's pyre,

Not in their name a votary returns,

To Athens, Rome, Thebes, Babylon or Tyre!

Lo, by Assyria's scorned and buried fanes,

The birds of prey, the Arab bandits, wait;

Lo, shapeless mounds upon Chaldea's plains

Declare how mean the fallen one's estate!

wasted Nineveh no god remainsteW18 m

The squeaking bats pass through its open gate!

....-IplL g&y,-"4X'"J y>->r\?

'I 1""Oi*

Around the ruined Paestum graze the sheep;

High over Ephesus the eagles soar;

In Mycenae, upon Colonna's steep,

The paean of the worshiper is o'er.

And images lie prostrate mid the stones

Yea, as the mortals, Time the gods destroy!

Departed all, and vacant are their thrones,

In Carthage, Sardis, Ur, Corinth and Troy!

Ah! dimeyed with its watching is the Sp l.inx,

Nor sees again the olden mystic rite;

The sacred Ibis still of Nilus drinks,

But Ra comes not to end Egyptian night

The heathen faith into oblivion sinks,

Man ever seeks a wider, clearer light!

—Alfred Lambourne

Little Problems of Married Life*

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

Tyranny in a nation can transform the freest people that ever breathed into hopeless slaves, humbly submissive and spiritless, or scheming rebels with a smile on their lips but hate in their hearts as they dream their golden dreams of secret revolt and a bold break for liberty. There is a brand of bossism in married life,

of petty tyranny in the home that duplicates in miniature this dilemma of results. It saps the ambition, courage and vitality of

husbands and wives and transforms them into dull, crushed, colorless beings, or if they do not submit thus meekly it trains them persistently in smiling hypocrisy, trickery, deceit, lying and plotting to cheat the tyranny they do not dare openly to resent.

Have you ever met the husband, of the timid, suppressed type, who always answers his wife's call with "yes, my dear,""no, my dear,"or "just in a moment, my dear."It is never the sweet

"dear"that drops gently into a sentence like a caress. His "my

dear"with its monotonous iteration of a phonograph record seems a continuous phrase of placating. It is not affection, it is

just fear; it seems a pleading deprecatory gesture of the voice as

if trying to dodge a rebuke or a lecture as one involuntarily wards off an attack with the upraised arm. You somehow feel that you

should take him into a cozycorner and soothe him, and tell him not to be afraid, that you will protect him.

When you are alone with him he may talk easily, cleverly and well; the stream of his conversation runs smooth and free like a

mountain brook but it suddenly trickles into irrelevant commonplaces when his wife enters the room, the whole atmosphere seems changed, and you vaguely wonder who shut off the water supply. You do not like the surreptitious way he covers his

lighted cigar with his hat; it seems too much like a child caught

with its hand in the sugar bowl. He can never tell you definitely

whether he can go out tomorrow night; he will let you know later

and you feel that he has already begun to plan how he can secure his wife's countersign to pass. Even when he is doing what is

absolutely right and harmless he becomes wondrously fertile in lying excuses, those conversational capsules to sweeten the breath of suspicion. His illconcealed joy when his wife has gone out of

town for a day or two is not a mere confession; it is a condensed

biography.

Copyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1029

Sometimes it is the husband, the domineering assertion of authority, who plays the poor, petty role of domestic tyrant. He

dictates, he demands, he threatens, he forbids, he issues his orders as ultimatums in a manner that would be unwarranted even were he a pirate captain haranguing his crew. He forgets that marriage means partnership not proprietorship, freedom of both in the

best interests of both, not slavery of either. His assaults on her

rights when he crosses the deadline of intolerance and despotically demands obedience may not be received as submissively, as uncomplainingly and as finally, as he in his blind conceit believes.

He may secure an outward semblance of submission but actually contemptuous rebellion. Brought to bay, her bitter protest of

opposition may make her dangerously ingenious in outwitting him.

When in a moment of pique at some act of her family he dares to order her never to see them or write to them or hear from them, she feels the cruel injustice of this cutting of the ties of love and tenderness, she may resort to subterfuge, intrigue, evasion and systematic deception and defy him behind his back while she seems sweetly, serenely resigned in his presence. She

may drift unknowingly into a course of action normally repugnant as she surrenders to a tide of conditions of constant despotic injustice. Tyranny needs a hundred watchdogs—trustful love,

none.

When she finds a quarantine ordered against some of her dearest and best friends coming to the house, her selfrespect blushes at the plausible lies she writes or speaks to prevent their knowing the real reason. When she fears to tell him of some misdeed of one of the children because of the cruel punishment his

anger may prescribe, he is slamming the door on her confidence and giving a bonus of new license to the little rebel in the nurserv.

When she gives false statistics as to the price of some simple article she has bought, just to avoid a "scene,"he is giving her unwise postgraduate courses in duplicity which may later prove is foolish.costlv. He is worse than wrong—he

He is paying a big price for his tvranny when the song dies away on her lips as she hears his key click in the lock in the evening and she draws a long breath of relief when he leaves home in the morning. Then she may remember with a sigh and a little

dimming of the eves the sweet early days of their married life when, not satisfied with the mere goodmorning kiss, she used to stand on the porch and follow him with her eves and semaphore love with her fluttering little wiso of a handkerchief as he looked back in the sunshine at the bend of the road that soon shut him from her sight. And she had struggled so long and faithfullv to

hold back the ebbing tide of her love for him and love had gone pd ferried respect with it, and she, grown hard, and bitter and rebellious, had lo-t the h e c f of l?f and po had he.

1030 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sometimes a wife may unwisely seek to keep the love, loyalty and constancy of her husband by holding him with a tight rein, by restrictions and limitations that fretted and chafed, by petty exactions and tyrannies to keep him close by her side. Have you

ever held a butterfly in the prison of your palm, with the slightlyparted, arched fingers as bars, and, fearing it might escape, press inadvertently a little too tightly and then be suddenly conscious that the fluttering whirr had ceased and, opening find that the be?. tiful wings were stilled forever and that the butterfly was

d-.id?

There are men and women who thus kill love carelessly; they

r"""iave a great love secure right in their hands, but there is a pressure of doubt, tyranny, distrust or compulsion and the life of that love may die. Love grows stronger with freedom, confidence

and trust. Love that needs constant watching is not worth watching, and no guarding through fear of its honor will ever keep it

from straying. Its strength must be in itself and in the inspiration

that comes from realization, recognition and response.

There are homes that are overgoverned. They have as many

laws, rules and regulations as an institution. They remind you

of those closely printed charts for conduct tacked on the inner side of doors in hotel rooms. In these homes you move about

gingerly for fear of stepping inadvertently on a "don't."No

individual is big enough, nor wise enough, nor great enough to dare to live the life of another, not with him, but for him. If

he were all these his reverence for the individual rights of others would make it possible for him to usurp their sacred privilege of freedom in living their own lives, fully, freely, frankly, at their best.

This domestic tyranny rules in thousands of homes. It means

inflicts it and the one who bearsthe wrong of two—the one who

it. We hear much of the grace of patience and the beauty of

longsuffering. They are virtues when it means selfsacrifice

for the right, vices when for the wrong. Tolerating injustice

meekly without protest and a mighty effort to overthrow it when no good cause is served, no noble purpose promoted is not moral bravery, it is sheer cowardice. It is the fear of an unpleasant half

hour that may save years of suffering. The one who bears meekthe other.lv is doing injustice to herself or to himself and—to

It means weakening and wronging self and feeding the evil in another's nature by inaction.

The wife may say "he would flare up in an awful temper if I said a word."Let him flare, but let him understand that you

will not be a partv to it. These home bosses are always bullies

and bullies are always cowards. They do not stand out long

against a bold defiance that shows no fear. At the first manifestation of this variety of performance, let husband or wife state

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1031

positively that no encores will be permitted. At a quiet, dignified

session, with no shade of anger but just a calm, cool ultimatum let the innocent one say he is willing to do the square thing in every relation, and to meet bravely whatever the tides of fate may bring and to suffer for the other, but never from the other.

Like most evils it is easy to meet in the beginning and it is then it should be met in the right spirit for the good of both.

A single bold stand for the right is worth years of cowardly patience for the wrong.

The greatest trials and sorrows are those that do not come from outside the home, but are absolutely created within, that are manufactured for one by the temper or wrong of the other.

They are absolutely preventable and there should be a kindly, helpful spirit on the part of both to remove any wrong that separates them rather than to intensify the reign of the wrong by weak and meekly bearing. It is not selfishness, not the reckless assertion of individuality, but the consecrated wisdom that seeks

to cure what it cannot endure and to endure what it cannot cure.

Love and sweet conference smooths out so many of these problems. Let there be but one boss and that one—the two. Let

them unite in loving comradeship and fine cooperation, each doing the best without thought of competition or conquest and then even the wish of one become the will of both, in union and unity, with no tyranny but that of love, love of right, love of peace, love of justice and love of each other.

[The closing chapter of this series, "Comradeship in Married Life,"will appear in the next number of the Era.]

Elders George C. Brinkerhoff and J. H. Parker send the Era a

copy of the Bridgeport "Sunday Post"containing a hall page illustrated article and interview in which the mission of the elders to Bridgeport,

Conn., is fairly set forth and explanation made of their labors and

the purpose of their mission, as well as some of the doctrines of the

Church. The elders state that the work is new in that place yet, but

they have some friends who are investigating and they feel that their efforts are being rewarded. Elder Brinkerhoff adds: "Brother George

B. Davis was here the past week with the illustrated lecture, 'The

Rise and Growth of 'Mormonism.'"He held two lectures and they

were enjoyed by all who saw them. They are a great help in making

friends. One lady made this remark: 'You ought to be proud that

you are "Mormons"if those pictures are true,'which she did not will bear doubt. We feel that the gospel seeds being planted here

fruit some time."

The Educator

BY ORSON F. WHITNEY

Written in honor of the N. E. A. session at Salt

Lake City, July, 191 Who is mightier than the teacher,

Than the master educator?

Minduplifting, soulexpanding, Recreator of the creature?

Mightiest when truth revealing,

Life unfolding and perfecting;

When all sacredness revering, All sublimity unveiling.

Bringing from the deep potential,

By persistent, patient toiling,

Treasure that might else lie hidden,

Buried out of sight forever, Lost to human weal—undreamed of

Even by it's dull possessor, But for thy benign exertion, Thy unselfish, strong endeavor,

Education! Mighty miner!

Precious ore—life's crude material,

Crass and coarse, made fine and finer,

By thy marvelworking effort, By thy wonderwielding power, Soulevolving thought and labor,

By thy pains and sacrifices, Rarely known, requited never.

Shall I paint the model teacher,

As the mindeye now beholds him,

Looming like a stately mountain,

Capt with snow and crowned with sunlight,

Source of weal to smiling valleys,

Listening at his feet, receptive?

First of all, a true commander,

Master of himself, and teaching

Precept by his high example.

Bending not to pagan idols.

Seeking, past the gift', the Giver;

Past the creature, the Creator.

Troubled at no bigot's frowning,

To no despot's dictum yielding, 'Gainst all guile, all wrong, contending,

Damning sin, yet saving sinners.

Tyranny and error fighting, "Liberty and Light"the legend

Blazoned on his lofty banner.

THE EDUCATOR 1033 Playing to no gallery plaudit,

Courting not wealth's recognition,

Nor the rabble's vain approval;

Swerving not for praise or censure,

From the line where duty leads him,

From the path where judgment guides him

To the goal where honor crowns him.

Scornful of all petty practice,

Stabbing no man's reputation, Filching not another's credit,

Envying no life its laurels, Governed not by pride or passion,

Coveting nor gold nor glory.

Tolerant of all opinion, Modest, temperate of expression,

Given not to contradiction, E'en when sure that truth confirms him';

Wielding an advantage mildly, Generous to a fallen foeman;

Angered not by loss or losing,

Nor in triumph's hour exulting.

Willing—eager for correction,

Welcoming from truth instruction,

Humbled by his weight of knowledge.

Ne'er too lofty to be learning.

Hungering for fact, not fiction;

Unsufficed with classic nothings,

Ancient myths or modern fables,

Premature, halffledged conclusions,

Maybeso's and peradventures.

Waging war on vain Assumption,

Heir, misborn and misbegotten,

Of thy folly, Education!

Of thy dalliance with Error.

This the portrait of my fancy This the ideal of my dreaming.

Name no teacher "educator,"Who perverts his noble calling,

Youthful minds and hearts misleading?

Prostituting and profaning Reason's shrine with ribald worship,

Offerings of alien fire, Incense unto atheism.

Israel, Israel's God forsaking,

Bowing down to Baal and Dagon.

Spurning Truth, time's navigator,

Captain of the craft Experience,

With his trusty lamp of guidance,

Lit for valorous exploration 1034 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Through the zones of doubt and darkness;

Past the frozen seas, outsailing

Icebergs of old dead tradition;

Past the cheerful camps of science,

On the coast of demonstration;

On through shoal and lake and river,

On to Wisdom's open ocean.

Fares not so false Self Assurance

Pirate craft, the pennant flaunting

Of the brave ship "Self Reliance;"

Reckless bark on danger's billow,

Heeding not the warning breakers, 7'hundering 'gainst the reef of ruin;

Steering not by star and compass,

But by comet blaze—false beacon,

Beckoning on to fell destruction.

What of those, as teachers posing,

Who most need instruction's training,

Switch of satire's keen correction?

Sneering cynics, supercilious,

Swollen peacocks in full feather,

Airing their superior (?) knowledge

Showing thus a lack of learning,

Poverty, where wealth is wisdom,

Wanting which, all else is wanting;

Can we deem them educators?

Oracles of commonplaces, Stale old platitudes repeating;

Parrots of the musty proverb, Truths selfevident proclaiming;

Education's praises sounding In pedantic threadbare diction,

Superannuated phrasing, Ancient Wisdom's castoff clothing.

Owllike e'en in worldly knowledge,

Batlike to divine revealings, Shunning light and seeking shadow,

Lost in maze of aimless aimings,

Lost in endless flutterings, flounderings.

Parasites of education, Blight upon a great profession,

Loftiest of man's vocations.

Whose throne higher than the teacher's

Chair of chaste and wise instruction?

Shames what king the pur<e preceptor,

Christ's most Christlike emulator?

He who aims to lift his fellow,

He who strives to make the creature

Grateful to the good Creator, THE EDUCATOR 103:

Equal unto earth's requiring, And eternity's demanding Master of both situations.

Education's aviator, Cleaving skies of last attainment;

Victory o'er self securing All of life and perfect living.

This thy mission, Alma Mater!

Blest vocation, Christ's own calling.

Near to thee, divine Creator!

Next to thee, O God the Giver!

He who makes thy boon seem greater,

Thy benefic meaning plainer.

Great thy mission, Education!

Complement of thine, Creation!

Ending of thy vast beginning, Laying hold at thy leave taking;

Ocean's arms the craft receiving,

When the land hath done its launching.

Education and Creation, Are they not as one, scanned wisely?

Are they not the same, seen clearly?

He who spake as no man speaketh,

Master, Teacher, of all teachers,

One with Thee, Almighty Maker!

Thou with Him, great Educator!

Gaze upon the Universal!

See Intelligence—God's gloryMind and matter—selfexistentSoul materials—molding, forming;

All outleading, all uplifting,

Organizing and directing, Guiding Energy Eternal!

Sire and Sovereign Everlasting,

Bent to share his shining sceptre,

Empire of the worlds unworldly;

Allwise Parent and Preceptor, Sending forth His spirit children,

Taught in early spheres aforetime,

Donning nature's garb and gowning

For the treasures of earth knowledge,

And the touch of mortal training;

Thence to rise by graduation, From the Classroom Intermedial,

To the College of the Spirit, And the Temple of All Wisdom!

Worthy Aspiration, seeking Heavenly light through human darkness,

Gain of power by world experience,

Wisdom's apple, sweet and bitter;

1036 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Winnowed grain, the windblown refuse

Lost in Lucifer's downwhirling;

Loyal spirits, Michael's legion,

Changed to souls by Eden's action,

Down to lowly deeps descending,

Yet to soar, all heights attaining;

Downward- -forward—onward—falling,

Prelude to progression's marching,

Prologue of redemption's drama.

Pledge released from fatal pawning,

Ransomed by the Christ of Calvary,

Shepherd of the sheep Him following

From the glooms of sin and sorrow,

To the Light and Life Eternal!

Earth, redeemed from dole and darkness,

Every thorn and briar blossoming,

Glorified, a Heaven becoming, Home of man, and goal of gladness

Unto myriads coming after;

Gods, once men, their valor greeting,

Their continued victory crowning!

Man, God's symbol and foreshadowing.

Image, likeness, male and female,

Heir unto the Power Creative, To His perfect stature climbing;

Dowered with divine outreaching,

Halting not from holiest, loftiest,

Aspiration and achievement!

What is this? Hold up the mirror!

Is it not thyself, Creation?

Ir, it not ALL—Education?

Editors'Table

A Distinguished Educator's Impressions of Utah

Among the noted educators at the meetings of the late National Education Association was Thomas N. Bicknell who, in

1884, was the president of the association and is today one of the leaders of the organization. His residence is in Providence, R. I.

For many years he has been a publicist, manufacturer, leader in many societies of the highest aims, a representative in the Rhode

Island legislature, and always in the forefront of organizations seeking to advance the cause of education. He is a man whose

scholarship is attested by many conspicuous services which he has rendered in the field of education. Dr. Bicknell, though

ripe in age, having been born in 1834, is by every test that may be applied, in the prime of a useful life. Being asked on his recent

visit in Salt Lake City for an expression of his impressions of

Utah, Salt Lake City, and the people of the state, Dr. Bicknell

furnished the following statement to the press

As a visitor and guest at Salt Lake City from New England,

I am asked to state my impressions as to the distinctive polity of this city, and state, founded by the pioneers of the "Mormon"faith and ideals. I do this most cordially, for I am not a stranger to what

has been transpiring in this mountain commonwealth, having studied its peculiar and remarkable development for a period of more than forty years.

Four great purposes have been regnant in Utah and its capital its occupation by the pioneers, July 24, 1847.Salt Lake City—since

The first has been a positive, personal, operative religious faith. The

working creed of a people is the measure of its devotion to high ideals, and the creed is measured by its fruits, as is a tree. The pioneers

of Utah were most of them of New England birth. Nearly all came

out of the rural life of the New England of a century ago. The six

New England states with rural New York nursed the childhood of the founders of the "Mormon"faith. Puritan and Pilgrim and children

from "Mayflower"stock made the first emigration across the plains to Salt Lake valley. The ruling motive was religion, in creed and form

not far removed from the Hebrew faith. Its bold declarations of

great principles of faith and practice drew to their embrace men and women of strong intellects and warm hearts. The new expression of

old tenets won persecution and distress for the possessors of a new faith, and only brave souls could stand the stress of the new cult. Utah

and several of her sister states were founded by the people of eastern birth, of brave purpose and undying resolve.

What is the issue?

A society of tens and hundreds of thousands of souls of the strongest moral fiber.

It can be stated without fear of contradiction that the Wasatch 1038 IMPROVEMENT ERA

range holds in its embrace a population whose standards of moral, ethical and religoius culture are not equalled on the American continent, or any other continent. Social and sex purity are normal and

unquestioned. The red light district cannot be found in "Mormon"

Utah, and the purity and sweetness of family life are beyond compare.

In no section of America are babyhood, childhood and youth so highly reverenced and honored, and in none are the filial instincts so consciously manifest. The Sabbath is honored in Utah far in

excess of Puritan New England as a day of rest and worship, and in no part of America is Bible and Sunday school instruction so universally recognized. The cities of America may learn from Utah

how to observe a Christian Sabbath, where the Lord Christ rules the hearts and lives of the people.

With religious convictions deep and controlling, the education of the people has been a radical element of "Mormon"faith. A schoolhouse was planted by the first house in Salt Lake City, and today

education is fostered in supreme fashion from the kindergarten through the University. Cities and towns in Utah vie with each other

in the thorough education of all children, and of the state revenue?,

over 87 per cent are devoted to public education. In schoolhouse

architecture and school equipment, school attendance and advancement,

Utah leads.

The "Mormon"polity, on the side of social order,is recognized?s the most thoroughly organized system in the world. Every intelligent man should study it for its recognition of the solution of

economic, health and social problems. Its details of supervision

are exact, thoroughgoing and efficient.

Beyond and above all in perfection of system and in the realiza-

H< -! of rand results, are the industry, frugality and temperance of

the people. The beehive properly symbolizes the spirit and practice

o f the "Mormons."Go where you will, you will find no poverty,

while wealth abounds in practical abundance. Homes are full of comforts and luxuries; art, music and literature are the endowments of

all. The wealth of the land has attracted the "Mormons"more than

...,-1-1-, n the mines, and both are making wealth common and

fairly distributed.

Utah is a rich land of great possibilities. Its richest possession

is its "Mormon"population of honest, pureminded, sweethearted men, women and children, who have drawn on nature's forces for her grateful services and returns. They have, out of the lion's

mouth, plucked the honeycomb of sweet content arid honest life, and were the Master to walk the streets of Salt Lake City today, would he not say to all critics and detractors of "Mormonism,""Let him that is without sin cast the first stone?"

The Lesson of the N. F. A. Convention

By reason of the recent convention of the National Education

Association several thousand educators from various parts of the

United States partook of the hospitality of Utah. They left

with us their best thoughts on educational topics, and went back to their fields of work with firsthand impressions of our state,

EDITORS'TABLE 1939

its people and their religious and educational systems. The keynote of the convention work was the recognition of the importance

of individual rather than collective education. It set forth the

need of training for each child according to his aptitude and opportunities rather than a common training for all. As we understand it, the educators advocated the idea that the training of the

ninetynine children out of each hundred who never enter college must no longer be confined to a preparation for college work must be an individual and practical training according to the needs and opportunities of each child and the life he is to live. In no

other way can our educational system fulfil its function of being of greatest service to the community. These are the thoughts which

the convention left with our educators.

The impressions which the visitors took back with them of our state and people cannot help but do much good. Despite the

warnings of enemies of this state, it is gratifying to know that the leaders at least have made a study of conditions in Utah, and in every case have had nothing but good to say of the moral and social conditions of the people of the state, and nothing but high praise for her educational institutions and leaders. And to those

leaders of education, it may be said in passing, belongs largely the credit not only for the perfection of our school system but for the favorable impression which the visitors have been enabled to receive of it.

The greatest value of the convention to Utah, however, it appears to us, lies not so much in the ideas which were given to our educators by their coworkers, nor in the impressions of Utah which the visitors carried away, but rather in the internal awakening which the gathering stimulated. It is doubtful if we realtime,ized fully the magnitude of our educational system—the

the means, energy and enthusiasm which our educational workers and citizens are expending. Never before have we had so

thoroughly called to our attention the value and high standard of our public and Church schools as well as the educational value of the auxiliary organizations of the Church. Once again we

have been forcibly reminded how thoroughly the education of our children is interwoven in our religious belief. The convention has

opened our eyes to see more clearly the perfection of our Church organization as a means of social betterment and moral reform.

Our forefathers builded stronger than they knew. They left to us,

the younger generation, a heritage of which we may well be proud.

The lesson of their labors has been vividly refreshed in our minds by our efforts in preparing to receive our distinguished visitors and by their sojourn among us. If in the future we would have

as splendid a showing for our state and people as now, and as in the past, we must cherish the heritage they have given us and

1040 IMPROVEMENT ERA

build on it, not for the present alone, but even as they did, with great, strong stones for the future.

Some of the impressions of the leading visitors are here reproduced taken from the daily papers. They are worthy the

careful consideration of our citizens, and should be made the means of information for all investigators abroad

E. T. Fairchild, retiring president of the National Education

association and resident of the New Hampshire college, Durham, N.

H., said:

"While the enrollment has not been so large as expected, the personnel of the convention was of the highest character. Those who

were here, were here because of their interest in education. The

leaders were here and the rank and file were here and all join in pronouncing it the most enjoyable and profitable meeting. In all the

meetings that I have attended, and I have been a life member for more than 27 years, I have never heard so many expressions of appreciation of the good things offered and of the splendid hospitality provided bj the city and state. Indeed the personal attention given to all

of the visitors is beyond praise. Not satisfied with affording the

usual facilities, committees and individuals have constantly inquired, 'What more can we do for your comfort and convenience?'It is

a demonstration of genuine hospitality such as one seldom sees.

"Salt Lake City and Utah have made for themselves a host of friends, each of whom in returning home will sing the praises of this most hospitable people and will tell the story of the wonderful institutions of this mountain state. Such results as have been accomplished are due to the splendid generalship of the various local

committees who have had in charge the details of this great meeting.

One cannot fail to recognize the splendid service of Governor Spry, the thoughtful and constructive help of State Superintendent Nelson and the magnificent and untiring labors of Superintendent Christensen. These

men, together with a host of other workers, deserve the most cordial thanks of the entire association.

"Perhaps no feature of the convention has afforded such genuine pleasure to the teachers as the splendid music so generously provided.

The whole country is aware of the superior musical talent of Salt

Lake City and other cities of this state, but certainly none of us were prepared for the really wonderful music that we heard. Such execution and such team work I have never witnessed before. * * * *

"Finally, I feel bound to say that I have never known any other session in which the spirit among the members was so fine. There

was a democracy and feeling of good will and happy attitude toward every phase of the meeting that made it really unique. But, how

could it be otherwise in this great state, where hospitality reigns supreme, and where every man is every other man's brother? The

meeting at Salt'Lake City will go down in history as in every way worthy of the great National Education Association."

The Rev. Edward E. Eaton, D. D., LL. D., president of Beloit

college, Wisconsin, in an address to the School Board of Salt Lake

City, said:

"I want to express my admiration for what you are doing here.

I know of no other city so enterprising in modern lines of education as yours. Your wonderful growth has placed a great responsibility

upon your board of education; but you are more than proving yourselves equal to the task, as I have seen in my inspections of the school

EDITORS'TABLE 1041

system and school equipment. You are constructing a magnificent high

school, and all your schools are of the highest grade, well equipped for the great work carried on within them. I desire to say that

I have never seen the equal of the Hawthorne school, which I had the pleasure of visiting today. It is a marvel of arrangement and

equipment."

In the Deseret News, Prof, Thomas J. Jones of the United States

bureau of education at Washington, and a delegate to the N. E. A.

convention, says:

"I noticed this small attendance, and talked the matter over with a number of delegates, particularly those from the far east; and

wc agreed that it was due to the fact that the Panama exposition at San Francisco'is less than two years distant. This would make

two trips across the continent in that time for many who would have liked to attend the Salt Lake meeting, with the great expense attending such trips. Then the weather has been very hot back east,

and times are rather tight financially; so altogether very many people

concluded they would wait until 1915 to visit Salt Lake, on their way to San Francisco."

"Do you think the light attendance here was at all due to unfavorable stories and reports that have been circulated in the east, against the 'Mormon'people?"was asked.

Prof. Jones replied: "I have not heard any such reports; and I

do not believe that such, if there were any, had the slightest effect on the attendance. Our people would not allow themselves to be

influenced by rumors and stories to such an extent as all that."Caroline Bartlett Crane of Kalamazoo, Mich.—"I have been delighted with the sessions of the association I have attended and especially with the prominence which has been given in the program to

child hygiene and to vocational training. The unique and beautiful

decorations are an expression of the spirit of hospitality which has been extended in unbounded measure by the people of Utah. The

city itself seems to me remarkably clean and a very good example of municipal housekeeping."Superintendent Milton C. Potter. St. Paul, Minn.—"The close of

the series of meetings has called for no letup in the hospitality of the people. The heads of the Church schools, state and municipal

schools have all contributed in unusually generous share of thought, time and money. Rarely, if ever, have I seen the hospitality side of

the N. E. A. so amply cared for."

Dr. Joseph Swain, of Pennsylvania, new president of the N. E. A.

and successor to Dr. Fairchild, said:

"The teachers of the N. E. A. have been royally entertained by the

people of Salt Lake. The press has given much space to the various

meetings and has been singularly free from sensationalism. It speaks

well for the whole state that such a man has been chosen as its representative as Supt. A. C. Nelson."

Robert J. Aley, of Orono, Me., secretarv of the board of trustees

of the N. E. A. and presidentelect of the National Education Council:

it. President E. T. Fairchild"I am pleased beyond my power to express

has proven himself a most efficient officer. He has planned the program of this organization with rare foresight and has carried out his

plans with wonderful skill. The people of Salt Lake and Utah have

shown a most generous spirit. No host city of theJM. E. A. has ever

extended such genuine hospitality and courtesies."

Miss Margaret Haley, business representative of the Chicago

Teachers'association—"The one thing that has impressed me, outside

1042 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the charming hospitality of the people, is the entire lack of understanding which people outside of Utah have of this state. It

seems to me no state in the Union has been so little understood. I have attended the N. E. A. meetings for more

than 20 years, but I have never known a city to decorate as Salt

Lake has to receive its visitors. We regret to leave this beauty spot

of the west. I have visited the school buildings and it seems to me

it is a children's paradise; we have nothi.., like them in the state of

Illinois. The devotion to the cause of education which is apparent

on every hand in Salt Lake and its surroundings deserves a deeper study than our brief visit will allow."

Messages from the Missions

Elder Charles I. Stoddard, Berlin, Prussia, March 31: "There are

thousands who seek and investigate who have not yet found or heard the gospel truths. People are seeking religious equilibrium or a readjustment to more favorable circumstances. Out of their search has

grown a dissatisfaction and unrest which are very apparent in this metropolis of Germany. Thinking people are losing faith in doctrines

of men. Not many weeks ago12,000 members left the old German

church to seek freedom of worship and religious readjustment. A

few days later 350 more left the same church and became 'Monisten'—supporters of theories of Darwin and Heckel. These instances indicate the religious unrest in Berlin. Besides, on the public sign

boards are frequently seen the announcement of public addresses such as 'Where is the Truth?''Out of the Church Whither?'The question

'Religious Freedom for All'(the heading of a Berlin newspaper article) is the subject for debate at the present time in the parliamentary chambers. These conditions are sad for missionaries of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, because on account of banishments we are unable to satisfy the hungry multitude and to tell them 'where the truth is.'Are not the words of the Prophet Amos (8:1112)

finding fulfilment in this land? 'Behold, the day is come, saith the

Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the Lord and they shall wander from sea to sea and from north even to the east, and shall not find it.'

"We are meeting with good success in the neighboring cities of

Berlin; and, notwithstanding frequent banishments, the Berlin conference is developing in every respect. Last Sunday we had 107 friends

in our meetings in Berlin which number is not exceptional.

L. D. S. Knitted

arments made especially for hot, summer days.

COOL AND COMFORTABLE.

Suitable for hot, sultry weather. Price, per pair, Postpaid $2.15

woven and finished. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.50

per pair, Postpaid 70c bleached. Very popular grade. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.00

Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.10

garment. Price, per pair, Postpaid $1.10

Beautiful Teaspoon! FREE! A

During June, July and August we will give absolutely free a Famous Roger's French Gray pattern Teaspoon, with every $2.00 order. Six Teaspoons with every $10.00 order.

GARMENTS MARKED FOR 20c PER PAIR.

all parts of the World. Send We ship garments to Elders in

for our complete set of samples of garments.

West's Mail Order House 258 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Buy Temple Brand GARMENTS They are the only approved L< l>. S. GarmentN

ivilli quality, fit and finish. Look for the

lahel in tlie neck, immediately below the

Temple. If it In not found there, the garment is not the approved TEMPLE BRAND.

lie Miire no you buy and TEMPLE! BRAND

.-i ii ii I other. M exclusively.-)( ured by SALT

LAKES KNITTING WORKS, and sold by leading dealers everywhere. If your loeal dealer

is out of TEMPLE! BRAND garments, semi your orders to SALT LAKE KNITTING

STORE, 70 Main St., Salt Lake City. Delivery free to all psirts of the United States; no

extra charge. Prices as follows:

Best grade of combed cotton, Best Grade Sea Island Mercergauze weight.$1.00 ized, light weight 2.00

Best grade cotton, of combed Shrunk Part Wool, melight 1.25 Wash weight 2.00 weight dium cotton, Superior unbleached,

medium weight 1.25 Wash Shrunk Merino Wool,

Superior cotton, bleached, meheavy weight 2.25

dium weight 1.50 Wash Shrunk Utah Wool, extra

Superior cotton, unbleached, exheavy weight 3.00 tra heavy weight 1.50 Best Grade Sea Island Lisle, Wash Shrunk Imported Part

gauze weight 1.50 Wool, light weight, extra fine 3.00

Best grade combed cotton, Pure Australian Wool, medium heavy weight, fleeced 1.75 weight 4.00

Remember that there is no substitution for TEMPLE BRAND GARMENTS, and that they are delivered postage free, if orders are sent diSALT LAKE KNITTING STORE. 70 Main Street, Salt Lake City

When You Order, Please Mention the ERA.

Improvement Era, August, 1913 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith. Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson. Editors Moroni Snow. Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Sermonets 965 Midsummer. A Poem. Illustrated Alfred Lambourne 966

The "Mormon"Problem Edward Williams 967

Some Obligations of Citizenship Dr. Ephraim G. Gowans.. 982

System in Stake Work Nicholas G. Morgan 990

"Followup Work"in the Mutuals Nephi Anderson 994

Portraits of Stake Superintendents Y. M.

M. I. A 999. 1010

How and What to Read Joseph F. Smith, Jr 1000

Myself. A Poem Lewis W. Larsen 1006

M. I. A. Contest Work Oscar A. Kirkham 1007

Voice of the Intangible—XII Albert R. Lyman 1011

God's Purposes. A Poem Ruth May Fox 1020

The Gospel to the Lamanites—XVIXVII.. Rey L. Pratt 1021

The Dead Gods. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 1026

Little Problems of Married Life XXII William George Jordan... 1028

The Educator. A Poem Orson F. Whitney 1032

Editor's Table—A Distinguished Educator's

Impressions of Utah.. 1037

The Lesson of the N. E. A. Convention 1038

A NEW ERA has begun in the commercial world. Time was when men of

business acquired whatever special preparation they possessed in the course of their employment. Today the first essential

of a successful business career is commercial education. The

more thorough the training the more certain the progress.

Through our cooperation with lhe High School we are able to give more courses, more thoroughly taught, than any other business school in the West. We meet every need.

Why pay twice as much for half the Efficiency?

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SALT LAKE CITY

RBMINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATENTS

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for our Catalogne, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

CO.. S?2NBROWNING BROS.

THE NEW MODEL FIVE

L G. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Has all the successful features of earlier models with now ones added It anticipates the demands of owners and operators and is an example of the higtust refinement of mechanical skill.

The ball bearings at all cardinal points, the inbuilt attachments, the keyboard ribbon control, lightning escapement, rigid carriage, are some of the reasons why this machine produces neat, accurate copy with the least amount of effort.

CO. BROS. TYPEWRITERL C.SMITH Foreign and Head Office& for Domestic Business,

Syracuse, N. Y., U. S. A.

SALT LAKE OFFICE, 379 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City....,:,w>. - u.uf; MENTlv.\ THE "ERAWHEN WRITING TO AU> k,.

EVERY MAN AND WOMAN IN THE REPUBLIC HAVE A BIRTHRIGHT OF EDUCATION

Such is the inference <>f American democracy and Mich is the wonderful achievement of the

State of Utah in only two generations, due to an early reverence for education by the found ers. The glory of such a heritage as tins is

spurring the educators of Utah on to an absolute fulfillment of the ideal of the pfonei the State.

And so the Utah Agricultural College announces that always will its doors be open to the State's men and women and boys and p-irls, the essential question asked heing one of sincerity of purpose and the only requirement demanded being one of industry. The College

has regrouped its practical courses. Any person over 18 years of age may enter these practical courses without examination. Any person

under 18 who has completed tAvo years of high school work and has then decided to enter practical fields may enter these courses. Such

courses include Agriculture, Home Economics,

Agricultural Engineering, Commerce, and Mechanic Arts. Correspondence courses are given

FRONT OF MAIN BUILDING in all departments. The courses of the College

UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, leading to the degree of Bachelor of Science require certain high school preparation. These LOGAN, UTAH

courses are broad and liberal. Address,

THE PRESIDENT, THE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Logan, Utah.

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and Geneial Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohlson, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter w ny shoul m't you when every other good wagn quality goes along with It?

LIS IMCN UKRE—Yon pay the sam.- as for a high grde wooden wagon and j ou get twicethe lire of the best wooden wagon mad".

It's a matter of simpln economy. Figure it out for yourself. No drying aptrt no resetting of tires, no breakdowns, no repair bills. Any way you look at it the ch\ anestwagon you can buy Is the

UAVENPORF ROLLER BEARING STEEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angl s, I-beann and chanm Is. ste> 1 in its strongest form*

hot welded and put together like a nridge. STEEL WHEELS that are g- nulne truse->'

weight bornly all p*rts of the wheel alike. HUB LIKE AX AUTOMOBILE Straight

spindle* not tapering. ROLLERBEARINGS lh.t are enclosed and protected from all

mud, water, sand and dust. OIL without removing wheels. SAVE YOUR HORSEFLESH AND SAVE YOUR POCKET BOOK. No other wagon like the Davenport none

as good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all a out it. Our catalog will explain all

Write for t today D*CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., ur%AHoZkZ yZii?E*

WHEN WRITING TO ADv BKT1SBKS, HLEASE MENTION THE "ERA'