The Improvement Era August 1963

'.:.."*>- BUILDING THE FUTURE ON A NOBLE PAST

For 88 years, Brigham Young University has contributed leaders to the

Church, nation and the world, added to the world's knowledge through research, preserved its cultural treasures, and educated many generations.

Now in the midst of a scientific age, when the strength of the nation is in the brainpower and moral fiber of its people, the role of BYU takes on ever increasing importance.

With higher academic standards, an expanded scholarship program, accelerated study for the gifted, new dignity and recognition for scholarship and an entirely streamlined curriculum, BYU is attracting the finest young minds. But there is something extra

at BYU—balanced academic, physical

and spiritual education in an ideal social climate. Because of this superior

education, BYU students are in demand over the nation.

Get your education the Y's way and get the bonus education of the great

Church university. For information

write University Relations Department.

Above is the statue on BYU campus of Dr. Karl G. Maeser who was sent by

Brigham Young in 1876 to take over Brigham Young Academy. President Young

told him, "You ought not to teach even the alphabet or multiplication tables without the Spirit of God."The admonition has been observed to the present.

Brigham Young University PROVO - UTAH Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

PACKS, N|W!

LEARNING AND SENSES

at *"* &LStudents at the University of Miami, SUPREME

Florida, have been used in experi- *g| #% ****ments to see whether human learnowfe *&* ing is affected by the students being deprived of stimulation of their senses. The students were divided

into two groups, one a control, while the other group had its individuals isolated in cubicles, which were lightproof and partially soundproof.In addition opaque goggles were PACKS

worn, cotton gloves, and cardboard tubes were put on the arms to minimize touch stimulation. It was crisp!found that there was no difference

in wordlearning ability of the two Now, twice as many individually wrapped groups even though the one had packs in every package of Supreme Saltine been in the cubicles for fortyeight hours and was tested during that Crackers means you open fewer crackers at period at various times. a time... keep the rest sealed up fresh and

crisp. Get a package next time you shop

DEEP HOLES... enjoy fresher, crisper Supreme Saltine

The total depth drilled in oil wells is Crackers often.

estimated at over one million miles, and more than 40,000 wells are drilled every year. Enjoy Supreme cookies, too... they're

"Kitchen rich"good... baked as you

would!

UTAH'S WATER

Dr. L. A. Stoddart has estimated that

only about onethird of the presently irrigated land has adequate water today in the state of Uta*h, thus indicating that there is much more arable land than there are water resources to irrigate the land. AUGUST 1963 SUPREME641

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for August 1963 Volume 66, Number 8

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Silver Anniversary of Deseret Industries, ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

President David O. McKay 652 652:656659:Phdto,Art,RalphMae ClarkGerhard

Your Question: For Whom Is Vicarious Work Performed? 660:662: Art,Art, EdTed MaryonNagata

President Joseph Fielding Smith 654 668:670673:Art, Photos,Mel OwenLorin Wiggins, Ernst

Be A Square, Ezra Toft Benson 670 674: Wittke,Photos, RalphRalph ReynoldsClark, Lorin Wiggins,

Ernst Wittke, Ralph Reynolds The Church Moves On, 644; Melchizedek Priesthood, 692; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 694. 679:692693:Art, DaleArt, TedKilbournNagata

694: Art, Virginia Sargent; photo, Fabian

Ijfifnmoh Special Features 696698:700: Art, Art,DaveDaveBurtonBurton

706719: Photos, Russ Davey

Humility, Spencer W. Kimball 656 All other art and photos, Ralph Reynolds

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 660 Studio

Punctuality, Lawrence R. Giles 665

The Law'of Chastity, William E. Berrett 666

"It's Nice... But You Can't Eat It!"Janet W. Breeze 668

Books and Family Living, Annie Laurie Von Tungeln 674

Keeping up with the Joneses, Walter E. McPhie 676

Better Late Than Never, Frank E. Call 679

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 680, 684, 88

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 641; Letters and Reports, 646; These Times:

The Legacy of John XXIII, G. Homer Durham, 648.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Instant Everything 696 Dressing up the "CookOut,"Phyllis W. Heald 700'

.'705THE ERA OF YOUTH

The Last Word 720

Stories, Poetry A Home to Go To, Christie Lund Coles 662

Poetry 664, 682, 685, 686, 691, 699, 704

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah COVER NC>TE:

a to bids heat mountain one As August Editor; Editors; L. Green, Associate Evans, C. Richard Editor; and Josephson, O. Managing Managing Doyle L. AlbertDavid Marba Zobell, McKay

Associates; Editorial Larsen, 'Judith H. Editor; Stephan, Blake, Reed retreat, Aflene Pinnock, Editor;Research Carter Florence photographer Family Today's Lucien Boun MarJr.,

Associate Editor; Direction: Editor;ion Art Era D. Era Elaine E.YouthGrant,L. Youth Studio. The The Cannon, Hanks, ReynoldsB. Ralph of of to readers Big the takes Era Sky

S. Harris, Nibley, B. Sidney Sperry. FranklinG. Contributing Editors. A. Gardiner, E. Tanner, Alma Durham, Nathan Hugh Homer the of the capturing majesty Country,

S. Smith, General General Manager; Subscription Business Associate F. Scott, Jr.,Florence CarlosG. Jacobsen, Jr., Verl Manager; Manager; Snarr, A. Glen across as Tetons viewed Grand

Director.Director; Evans, Advertising Thayer the south near entrance Jackson Lake

1963 Funds,Copyright by Mutual price,reserved. Subscription $3.00 aInc.,year,andin publishedadvance; multipleby the Mutualsubscriptions,Improvement2 years,Associations$5,75; 3 years,of The$8.25;ChurcheachofsucceedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday$2.50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe to Yellowstone National Park.

price.three year

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.Citv, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Era ImprovementThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

notice days'Thirty cannotchanges be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS FOR YOUNG AND OLD WHAT DO I DO NOW? by Barbara T. Jacobs and Dorothy M. Bowen

An exciting new "howto"book for teen with questions. Candidly casual answers to

teens'problems that the family will enjoy sharing. $3.50

FAMILY LEADERSHIPINSPIRED COUNSEL FOR PARENTS - compiled by V. Dallas Merrell

From the pens of Church leaders past and present comes this volume'of inspired counsel for those raising children. No Latterday Saint family can afford to miss

this reading one.

CORNER ON YOUTH - by Elaine Cannon$2.95

A delightful little volume of modern and catchy verse with tremendous teen appeal.

The author is the Era of Youth associate editor and wellknown Deseret News teen columnist. $1.50

BIBLICAL SITES IN THE HOLY LAND - by Christine and 0. Preston Robinson

A new vicarious tour of the Holy Land and in words and pictures that will thrill the student of Christ. The authors recently returned from a visit to this area.

JIMMY MOSS—by Himself$3.95

A powerful autobiography of the father of Senator Frank E. Moss—a man who devoted a lifetime to the service of youth and earned the title of "Teacher of Boyology."

FOUR LITTLE BEES—by Genevieve Hunt$3.50

For young teens! An excellent volume that will not only teach a moral but help

the reader understand nature. Here is a book that every YWMIA Beekeeper will

want to read. $1.50

THE JACKSON'S HOLE STORY—by Josephine C. Fabian

An inspiring historical novel with a setting in the beautiful Jackson's Hole country in Wyoming. Salty characters of pioneer days are introduced to the reader with

vividness. $2.95

THE ART OF COUNSELING—by James J. Tschudy

For everyone called to counsel, here is a must in Church literature. Helps in counseling both young and old, single and married, worker and student are invaluable.

$3.50 CASTLE OF ZION - HAWAII - by Castle H. Murphy

An inspiring book relating the conversion and remarkable experiences of a Hawaiian

Church member. Here is a real testimony builder. $2.00

THE JOY THAT ENDURES - by Albert L. Zabell, Jr.

In the fashion of previous pocketsized volumes of inspirations is this new Zobell compilation. Quotations from Church leaders on various alphabetized subjects are

easy to locate. $1.00

THE CHALLENGE OF THE SCROLLS - HOW OLD IS CHRIST'S

GOSPEL—by O. Preston Robinson

A fresh look into Dead Sea Scroll findings in light of the gospel as it existed in

Christ's time and as it exists today. A scholarly work by the general manager of the

Deseret News. $1.95

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

I would like to receive book(s) number for which

I enclose (check, cash, money order) the full cost $!HeseretCOMPANY Book

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY Name 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Zone State.

Residents of Utah add 3% sales tax.

Or from your local LDS Book Dealer likeWe being The different Church Moves OnSo we offer 4.85%

MAY 1963 The officers, directors, and employees of DOWNEY SAVINGS and Loan AssoAppointment of the Priesthood Missionary Committee of the ciation are dedicated to uphold the Church was announced with the approval of the First Presiprinciples of our historic free enterprise dency: President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the

system. Recognizing this responsibility, Twelve serves as committee chairman; Elders Lenard D. Robison,

we conduct our business on sound, baLorin L. Richards, Stanley C. Kimball, Sr., Berkeley L. Bunker,

sic principles which include: Joseph T. Edmunds, Sr., Frank H. Brown, William H. Bennett,

Clifford O. Gledhill, D. Arthur Haycock, Theodore C. Jacobsen,

1. The encouraging of family thrift Henry A. Smith, Gerald G. Smith, John M. Homer, Howard J.

and reliance Marsh, G. LaMont Richards, Leslie T. Norton, J. Leonard Love,

Wilford H. Payne, Raymond J. Pace, Myles W. Romney, Glen L.

Rudd, Douglas H. Driggs, Warren E. Pugh, T. Bowring Wood-

2. Providing qualified and deserving bury, A. Walter Stevenson, Max A. Bryan, Reuel E. Christensen,

families with economical home financSamuel A. Hendricks, and Albert V. Stirling.

ing. Home ownership being an essenIt was announced that Mrs. Iris R. Creer of Provo, Utah, had

tial and vital part of our free enterprise been appointed to the general board of the Young Women's Mutual system. Improvement Association.

Cincinnati Region of the church welfare program was organized. Stakes in this region will be Cincinnati, Columbus (both

3. To reward you—the thrifty—with Ohio), and Fort Wayne (Indiana).

a realistic interest rate for your savings account with insured safety. President David O. McKay dedicated the parts of the Salt

Lake Temple that have recently been remodeled.

the for Salt Lake Tabernacle Members of Choir enplaned

Safety I California. This they evening estimated thrilled an seventeen

is our business. thousand persons at Hollywood Bowl with their music.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir sang to a capacity, appreciative audience in the San Francisco War Memorial Opera House.

B. Elder of Harold the of the Council Lee honored Twelve was

of Our assets are with Silver Buffalo the the award the Council, National by measured in millions. Boy Scouts of America, as a part of its fiftythird annual meeting

McQuarrie, H. Mr. Gerald in New York City. Eight other men, including General Douglas invites L.D.S. you to: Dept.

MacArthur, who have rendered distinguished service to boyhood were so honored at the same time.

4?- I President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve

I laid the cornerstone of the Oakland (California) Temple. The

in the hills of services East Oakland included the singing an special Please open DOWNEY O of the Salt Choir. Tabernacle Lake in the account

amount of $ listed I President David O. McKay presided at a Solemn Assembly SAYINGS for name(s)

and Loan Association below. Check or I held in the Manti (Utah) Temple for priesthood leadership

order is en8630 Florence Avenue money stakes district. of the twentysix the comprising temple Solemn

closed. California Downey, Assemblies date from today, as times then, Testament Old and

DOWNEYPlease officerssend meto thetransferformspartenablingor all they are a spiritual feast and a period of instruction.

of my savings to DOWNEY SAVINGS by mail. Please send additional information to JUNE 1963 lj

Name St. Louis Region organized by the Church welfare program.

Street The region will include St. Louis, Illinois, and Indianapolis

City Zone. State. stakes. (Continued on page 689)

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Relea, First Time in One America's 28 Ibum!

Favorite

tm Hymns

SELECTED IN A

NATIONWIDE POLL ****.,M B***

i&J&r Recorded by 16 famous soloists, choirs and orchestras

Stereo Album

value) (A $9.96 Great LP Records (A $7.96 value) $fT 98 $798 Both Now, for Only2 Oohfo 7

... the pleasure a nationwide poll hear these great hymns you could even find themWhen to select Amerof fifty dollars—if

ica's bestloved hymns was announced, the singing along as the familiar words and all. But now you can have all 28 on the

response was enthusiastic from coast to music unfold. Included with your two rectwo LP records... not at the usual price

to coast. Perhaps you were among the tens ords, you receive a booklet with the words of $3.98 each... but both, the complete

of thousands of Christian music lovers of all 28 hymns... plus interesting stories album (worth $7.96) for just $5.98 as an

who voted for their favorites, naming the about the authors and how many of these introductory special to readers of Improveones which have meant the most in spiritbeautiful hymns came to be written. ment Era. (If you wish stereo instead of

ual refreshment, as well as in listening and From the very first selection, The Oldhi-fi, you pay just $7.98 for the two records

singing pleasure. Rugged Cross, sung by Claude Rhea to the that are worth $9.96.)

Now you have the unique opportunity to twentyeighth, Holy, Holy, Holy by the Don't miss this extraordinary offer. You

bring gladly send your (or28 for $7.98 FAVORITE the 28 topHYMNSchoices...... intoAMERICA'Syour own powerfulrichment Moodyin everyChorale,minute. you'llWho wouldn'tfind enneedalbumsendC.O.D.no money—we'llPay just $5.98

home. Here is the best in Christian music be thrilled by the Lutheran Hour Choir's stereo) plus a small amount for postage. (If

to play over and over again to your heart's voices blending on A Mighty Fortress Is Our you do send payment with your order, we'll content. Here are the top 28, on two magGod... by Frank Boggs singing Amazing take care of the postage!) Either way, your

nificent LP records—a permanent collection Grace and What A Friend We Have in Jesus complete satisfaction is unconditionally

for your record library, featuring Chris-... by the beautiful harmony of the Sereguaranteed. Tear out the coupon... check

tianity's finest, dedicated musical artists. naders Quartet on Rock of Ages? whether you want hifi or stereo... then

FREE BOOKLET WITH ALL THE WORDS NOW -A WONDERFUL OPPORTUNITY print your name and address and mail it

PLUS STORIES ABOUT THE HYMNS FOR YOU TO SAVE MONEY today. We'll rush your albums (and your

Imagine the inspiration and enjoyment Without doubt, if you tried to buy these booklet with all the words) to you promptly you and your family will experience as you hymns separately, you'd spend forty or so you can hear and enjoy them right away.

HERE'S THE COMPLETE LIST OF 28 HYMNS:

1. The Old Rugged Cross 10. Whispering Hope 19. My Faith Looks

Claude Rhea Charles Magnuson & To Thee Up MAIL THIS COUPON Bill Charles (piano organ) & Mann Great Thou Art Lew 2. How

20. Blessed Assurance Bill 11. Closer Just A Mann Walk

Claude Rhea Choristers Dick Anthony 3. Friend A Distributing What To: Record Word Company 21. Ivory Palaces 12. Fortress Mighty In A Jesus Have We Dept. IE83, Texas Waco, Chorale Moody Lutheran Hour Choir Frank Boggs

I 22. of Please record rush brandnew Need Thee album Every two Hour AMERICA'S me 13. Nearer To Thee God My 4. In The Garden the Abilene includes Christian that 28 College the booklet (and FAVORITE theHYMNS Bill McVey Ralph Carmichael and the: offer. Cappella send satisfactionguaranteed Please on words) Choir your A me all

14. Will Take God his Orchestra 23. Lead, Light Kindly longplaying Hifidelity 33 (for at regular album $5.98 Care Of You M 5. Amazing Grace Dick Choristers Anthony players) rpm Flo Price Frank Boggs 24. Of The Love God (for only) stereo at players record Stereo $7.98 album 15. Have Thine Own Frank Boggs 6. Rock Of Ages

Lord Way 25. also Please Cross check: Near The Quartet Serenaders

of Rest Haven Quartet Jerry with the Barnes 7. the Ship album C.O.D. Of Sweet Prayer Hour

I 16. Just As Kaiser Kurt Singers Am Paul Mickelson Orchestra (postage prepaid) or enclosed order Check money Billy Crusade Graham 26. Jesus, Lover Of Soul My

8. Abide With Me Cappella Choir Bill A Mann

Dick Choristers Anthony 17. Christian Soldiers Onward 27. Faith Fathers Of Our Name-

9. Beyond The Sunset Paul Mickelson Orchestra Frank Boggs

Bill Dick Pearce 18. Pilot Anthony & Jesus, Savior 28. Holy, Holy, Holy Me

(vocal duet) Haven of Rest Quartet Moody Chorale AddressCity- -Zone- -StateWORD REC0RD DISTRIBUTING COMPANY

AUGUST 1963 645 A TOTAL ELECTRIC Letters GOLD and MEDALLION Reports HOME

A wonderful now way to live

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your deafer NEW HIGH Wayne Maloney, Bill Newport, and Fred

White; standing, Fred H. Richter, Dave

Eight young men recently received their Capson, Garry Richter, Jerry Garner, Mike

Eagle award in ceremonies in Cannon White, Scoutmaster Fred Mellen, and (Salt Lake City) Stake. It was the highBishop Peter Losher.

est number ever awarded at one time. The boys are all from Troop 12, CanPictured are: (1-r) seated, Louie Short, non Ward. HOW WOULD YOU HEAT

YOUR HOME IF THE GAS JUST DESSERT CORRECTION

AND ELECTRICITY FAILED? Every month I look forward to the arrival A statement by President McKay which

Hundreds of thousands of home owners of the Era in our home, because if I don't appeared on "The Editor's Page"of The have provided for this emergency by buildread it before my father gets home I have Improvement Era, October 1962, should relinquish it to him. unwillingly read: have the to Heatform, fireplaces arounding their

of I of putting like idea the Era I your feel like that to kneel "I when down with spasteel unit,doublewalled heavy it at the more seems because back Youth I to intelligent to that praying an pray am firethe air surroundingcious chambers dessert. for like topping a wonderful (No being, Father, personal the God whom

box and upper throat that capture and dinner, just dessert.) It was an extra speChrist the Beloved Son personified."

circulate through the home, heat that is cial dessert this past month, as I am very The misprint read: "... that I am praylost up the chimney by the masonry lined interested in South America. I don't being to an intelligent personal being perbetter there's a lieve ever been Era of unit, sonifying God the Father, etc."a completefireplace. HEATFORM,

in kids to married to convince be guide for is a perfectnearth to flue, temple. the Youththe

masonry walls, eliminating construction Sincerely, errors and smoke trouble. Kathy Pederson OTHERS READ ERA

Campbell, California I am assigned as a chaplain assistant to the chaplain and assistant chaplain of the

USES APRIL ISSUE 2nd Armored Division, Fort Hood, Texas, and frequently receive compliments about assistchaplains'chaplains, from Era the the to tremendous tell you how We want enlisted ants, other officers and men and is! It issue April family has been scribbled

in and pages underlined until we are going who are not members of our Church.

to have to send for another issue in order I appreciate the subscription my home to have a clean one for our library. My ward has given me and advise all wards

husband was asked to speak to a Presbyand branches to send the Era to their misterian young marrieds group in the capasionaries in the field and their men in the city of a psychologist on "family life"and armed forces.

VYKIlt the needs of adults and children in the Thank you for the wholesome and inis a articles. the several Indeed, April Era spirational the Era He quoted all of home. on five models ATURE

it! tool. like fine missionary did they times. And for every style and HEATFORM

Sincerely, Sincerely, size of fireplace. Model "A Pfc. Patricia Byrne Faas Donald M. W.

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE COMPANY Decorah, Iowa Fort Hood, Texas

Dept. IE-H Dept. IE-H

P. O. Box 2066 (or) 601 North Point Rd.

Fullerton, Calif. Baltimore 6, Md.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. THE LIFE OF THE MORMON STORY 6. OUR BOOK OF

JOHN TAYLOR By Rulon S. Howells MORMON

By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry By B. H. Roberts four This fascinating pictorOne of the most heraldLong out of print, this ial account of Mormoned books ever written

rare and highly prized ism is exciting great on the Book of Mormon, volume is now being interest in the church this reprint makes throughout the missions made available in a available once again a of the world. Literally great store of wisdom

limited edition. This thousands have read it and understanding for

printing—the first in in English and Spanthose who want to

70 years, contains many ish, have asked for know more about The information, and more Dr. Book of MormOn. new pictures not inyou asked the church. joined have Sperry has long been

cluded in the original.. Now available in Gerconsidered a foremost edition. for them man and Norwegian. authority on this sub-

$4.00 at last $3.95 each ject. $3.50

they're available! \M*-\

if J**** Tay;lor f UU1V

My.BOOKOR AMORM0NJ X MOBMONA

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST

BOOKCRAFT DEALER OR BY MAIL FROM:

BOOKCRAFT 8-63 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Please send the following circled books for which 1 en- 2. Now in German

f- wk close$ check or money order for $3.95

12 3 4 5 6 3. Now in Norwegian

$3.95 Name 4. Now in Spanish

$3.95 Address 5. Now in English

$3.95 City

State

AUGUST 1963 6A7 FILMS AND PRINTED krroll

For or 1 2 Exposure B A any 6, 8 W Roll The Legacy Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO

COLOR FILM of DEVELOPING John XXIII KODACOLOR 8-Exposure Roll per THESE TIMES

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll By Dr. G. Homer Durham

1 2-Exposure Roll per President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Dev, and Printing $3.00 roll

Color Reprints 20c each COLOR SLIDES 1 35 mm Color Slid es per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slid es per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35rol

GENEALOGY PHOTOS NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 4c each Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee SAM'SP. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

On Monday, June 3, 1963, Angelo vate initiative, state intervention in

Giuseppe Roncalli, Pope John XXIII, economic life, remuneration for tone diedSt. Peter'sin RomeBasilica,and Thursday,was buriedJunein work,pation cooperatives,in hugescaleworkerenterprises,particiin the 28,6. He1958.had Thirtyfivebeen Pope cardinalssince Octobertook role,agricultureinterestandrates,its diminishingsocial security,social

finest possession of what the New York aid to underdeveloped areas, populaTimes described as "the secret docution problems, and the role of tradition ments and seals of the Government the church.

of the Roman Catholic Church"on Pacem in Terris ("Peace on the day of his burial. At the conEarth") turned from the internal

clave of cardinals which convened concerns of public administration

June 19, Giovanni Battista Cardinal and economic life to the arena of

Montini of Milan was elected as the international and world order. Edi262nd Bishop of Rome, assuming the torial comment characterized it as a

papal robes as Pope Paul VI. "call for a world community."The

The influence of John XXIII will last encyclical of John XXIII, it be felt for some time. He issued eight touched on such matters as the

encyclicals in the fewer than five necessity for order between men, as years of his reign, two of which, a consequence of the divine order

Mater et Magistra (May 15, 1961) in the universe. It emphasized,

and Pacem in Terris ( April 10, 1963 perhaps more than any other stateWorshipful, inspiring tone in received worldwide attention, ediment in Catholic history of which the tradition, of the world's torial and scholarly comment, far this writer is aware, the doctrine of great organs for every requirebeyond the confines of his own flock. freedom of conscience, including a

ment.. in every price range. Mater et Magistra, dealing with statement similar to the Eleventh

Visit our studio for a tonal the church and social progress, treats Article of Faith formulated in 1842 the Allen demonstration of Smith: the as current matters Prophet the by such vital Joseph "We

that... "the organ sounds of privilege the right unions, claim worshiping trade to work, labor

like an organ"and management associations, the Almighty God according to the dicimpact of science and technology tates of our own conscience, and

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC upon modern living conditions, priallow all men the same privilege, 3719 South State

Salt Lake City, Utah

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ILLHilLU LUI

100000 OE00 100000

NEW CONOCO ALLSEASON SUPER MOTOR OIL

MEETS EVERY OIL CHANGE REQUIREMENT OF EVERY CAR

Manufacturers of 1962 and 1963 model cars recommiles between oil changes recommended for your own mend as many as 4,000 to 6,000 miles between oil car by its manufacturer, with complete safety. In

changes. This is a grueling test for even the best summer. In winter. In slowmoving traffic or at high

motor oils. And Conoco AllSeason Super Motor Oil turnpike speeds hour after hour.

passed it... on the road... with flying colors. It's the best life insurance an engine can have... at

What does this mean if you own a pre1962 car? no increase in price. Another example why you've got

Simply this. You can go the maximum number of more going for you with the Hottest Brand Going!

Change to Hottest Brand CONOCO

Going!

1963, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY AUGUST 1963 649 YOU CAN'T BUY NATURAL BEAUTY* let them worship how, where, or fulfill their duties as well"par. 48)

But you can enjoy what they may."John XXIII's carry familiar sound. The words

health and radiance statement, in the tenth section, as may have been directed fundaget you when your vitamins enumerated in the official English mentally at Polish, Hungarian, Rusdirect Nature. from

translation printed in the New York sian, and other civil authorities,

Times for April 11, 1963, states: reminding them that the Roman

"Every human being has the right Catholic hierarchy expect those

By stone grinding states to as to behave in to the dicto according honor such a way God flour your own citizens sufficient Catholic tates conscience, upright of an and permit before minutes you trie healthful bake, in vitamins Nature's therefore the right to worship priliberty to "fulfill their duties"to the own package are vately and publicly."However, church rather than to follow, each,

unlocked and go John XXIII related this statement to the dictates of their individual coninto directly your bread, rolls, bakan earlier one from Lactantius (ex. sciences. The encyclical then turns

etc. ery, Let your family 300 AD, author of the Institutiones to the issues of international relathis enjoy aid to Divinae, a manual of doctrine writtions, suggests that modern states living healthful and

Natural Beauty. ten to defend his faith), and the have as a first consideration (55, 56)

statement of Leo XIII (Pope, 1878- "respect for truth and justice."(In

1903) that such a right "has always the vision of the Roman Church, it, been sought by the Church."This the church, is the authorized cussuggests that rather than the Mortodian and arbiter of such princimon and general Protestant position ples.) Modern states are insufficient

which allows "all men the same to insure the common good, and "A check authority, or with coupon money having Mail worldwide order privilege, worship, how, public let them introduc- 'nformation for complete and with power and the proper endowed the right they may,"where, or what offers. 5-lb. flour stone tory ground

of Catholic conscience has been means for the efficacious pursuit of its objective must be set up ordinarily maintained by the Roman LEE ENGINEERIN<Tc0.7Dep 5V"f W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee accord... and not imposed as the by common church J 2023 a right which 1, Wis. Church

Flour, |.. 5-lb. pkg. Smith Deaf $1.50'ppd. Only force."IV.) (Part Later, the by requires for the purpose of Roman

I.... Flour, 5-lb. Wis. Minn. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 as endorses "an act of the Pope always JI Catholic worship; and is not

Name I highest importance,"of the all approval of kinds to and extended all men

I Street | the of General Assembly the United or Catholic not Whether I worship. 'City State. Nations, of the 10, 1948, to December doctrine is regard extended now

the right, in "divine"(Catholic) as Universal Declaration of Human well as human law, canon as well Rights. And in concluding Part IV

as civil, of any kind of worship is of the letter, John XXIII wrote: "It

an interesting question. Nonis our earnest wish that the United

Catholic worship in Catholic thought Nations Organization—in its strucRAIN BIRD is usually acclaimed as "error."ture and in its means—may become

for IVIRY sprinkling need Practice seems to vary somewhat ever more equal to the magnitude

V fromtion ofplacethe tobasicplace.doctrine,Furtherasclarificaviewed andday nobilitymay comeof itswhentasks,everyand thathumanthe

by Rome on this point, should be being will find therein an effective very welcome to nonCatholic stusafeguard for the rights which dedents, unfamiliar with the complicarive directly from his dignity as a

Whatever your sprinkling tions and details of canon law. person, and which are therefore unirequirements—large As Pacem in Terris continues, it versal, inviolable and unalienarea, small area, along seems to run in the direction of a able rights."

walks, under latter statement pluralistic society. impose of The conception may

hillsides on—trees,there's

difficulties Catholics for any of course, some a concept, nub of such a The Rain Bird to do model the job efficiently without is the recognition of the free agency who have supported organizations water waste. There are and conscience of the individual, unor movements designed to liquidate

Bird Sprinklers Rain which trammeled by church, state, or any or dissolve the UN. In the longer adjusted for any can be

part of circle, or full other association. This point is not sense of the fundamental religious,

circle, and distance of clearly spelled out, at least for the philosophical, and social signifiwater throw. All give limited understanding of this writer; cance of Pacem in Terris, the foreslow, uniform coverage for example, the right to choose going statement suggests a clear with maximum

watering benefits. freely one's occupation, to marry or indication that the papacy contem-

(or plates a future right role for the to to not marry, the assemble UN high The same organization) as associate, right a deother world to the emigrate and quality and advancement, which has and immigrate, civil liberties, pubvice to provide "effective safeguard"distinguished lic responsibilities to promote the for individual human rights regarded

Bird Rain throughout the latter ("civil authorities should make as "universal, inviolable and inalienyears, is world for 26 inherent in every Rain Bird earnest efforts to bring about a able rights."If so, certain ansprinkler today. you buy

situation in which individual citizens cient fears expressed in Protestant

Literature gladly sent free on request. can easily exercise their rights and (Continued on page 688)

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRST OFFERING SOLD OUT IN 10 DA YS...an outstandingUnit B (67 tracts) now available

LAND INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... at Silver Creek, Utah LAKE 1 Bountiful '. * Canyonreservoir H i

... site of Salt Lake City's Silver Creek

Estates future suburb ( af *. t 4

ML MOUNTAINCOlf COVSStDEll \ B WAT* * a 1V Lk WANiHIPRESERVO* UINTAH '# o. jHH I 1—W 1 L D E R*N E S S:. r;'SALTALAKE CITY CO

Pork ( U. Solitude /. %; Koma*l areaVJ H METROPO O Brighton ***** i

* % k ARFA o Alto ** WASATCH z * PARKSTATE Heber c a deer| k \uhi %

just 25 miles from downtown Salt Lake and only 20 minutes from the city limits on allweather Invest in a 6-to12 acre expressways!

Silver Creek Estate nowfor only right at the heart of recreational 50 with the northern unique Utah—c7 month $4250 $425 down $42 City "4- Alpine Season new Park

...you save 10% Playland"and the new Wasatch cash price*3&25

State Park only 6 to 8 miles away 10 years to pay, only 6% simple interest per year on unpaid balance, situated on 3200 acres of lovely (offered for limited time only, subject to increase without notice) mountain meadowland and gently sloping foothills... with the majesNOW—you enjoy a 6-to12 acre* ranch estate for suntic skyline of the Wasatch mounshiny country living at the heart of recreational northern

tains towering in the distance.. Utah. LATER—as Salt Lake City's new "Silver Creek"

and right in the path of natural suburb** develops... you subdivide your tract into 5 to 6

suburban development for the lots which should sell at a good profit... and still retain

mushrooming Salt Lake Cityyour own homesite.

ProvoOgden population complex * Unit B (67 tracts), average size: 9 acres

... Silver Creek land should easily * (Natural gas, electric power, telephone service and water are all nearby

appreciate in value in a few years and available and water well rights are included. Crowned and graded

by a substantial amount over its roads are extended to each tract.)

low offering price.

Drive up Parley's Canyon (U.S. 40) to Silver Creek To: Silver Creek Ranch Corporation

Estates Office, at Silver P. O. Box 1537, Salt Lake City, Utah

No closing costs or hidden charges of Creek Junction and perPlease send complete information to:

any kind.. sonally inspect this propMy Name

Title Insurance Policy and Warranty erty... or PHONE: Salt Address

Lake City 3636100... City Zone State

deed given you at conclusion of payor MAIL COUPON. Phone...

ment for your property.

AUGUST 1963 6SI In 1897 when I was on my first mission, I found myself, one morning, distributing tracts in a little, less desirable district in

Stirling, Scotland. I approached one door,

and in answer to the knock a haggard woman stood before me, poorly dressed, with sunken cheeks and unkempt hair. As she received

the tract I offered, she said, in a rather harsh voice, "Will this buy me any bread?"And

as I started to tell her that it would buy her not only bread but something far more precious, a man equally haggard and underfed came up and said: "What is it?"She

handed the tract to the man and said: "Gospel vendor! Shut the door!"

From that moment I had a deeper realization that the Church of Jesus Christ should be and is interested in the temporal salvation of man. I walked away from the door feelThe Silver ing that that couple, with the bitterness in

their hearts toward man and God, were in no position to receive the message of the Anniversary gospel. They were in need of temporal

help, and there was no organization, so far as I could learn, in Stirling that could give of Deseret it to them.

Genuine concern for our brother's wellbeing has always been a factor in the reIndustries stored Church. The basis of the program had

been given this people by the Prophet

Joseph Smith, and the spirit of it had been

THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY synonymous with our pioneer times. It

was reannounced at general conference in

April 1936 during the administration of

President Heber J. Grant as the church welfare program.

The paramount purpose of the plan is to help people to help themselves, to supplant dependence by independence; indolence and

idleness by thrift and work.

Merely to supply food, clothing, and shelter for those who are in need is not a difficult task for the Church with its complete organization, as a glance at its ecclesiastical groupings, its priesthood quorums, and its

Relief Society will readily show.

It is the responsibility of each of these groups to look after the welfare of its mem-

K

AA1

7 h jT bers. Thus in the performance of this church (2) By developing in them a sense of

duty, which is carried out without monetary selfreliance.

consideration, the financial as well as the (3) By increasing among the members of spiritual condition of each family may be the Church the true spirit of the brotherhood obtained. This condition is reported to the of Christ, having in mind in all their service

bishop whose duty is to render such assistthe divine saying, "... Inasmuch as ye have

ance as the family may need. done it unto one of the least of these my

The Prophet Joseph Smith has repeatedly brethren, ye have done it unto me."

given us the assurance that God will not sup- (Matt. 25:40.)

port the idler, that the idler has no place (4) In all, by imparting an added spirituality in this Church. This meant all members of on the part of both the contributors and the

the Church, and we had those who were recipients "to make us real servants of God."

handicapped. These faithful people were It is something to supply clothing to the

praying for their golden opportunity to earn scantily clad, to furnish ample food to those their bread by the sweat of their brow, their whose table is thinly spread, to give activity chance to hold their heads high as they made to those who are fighting desperately the their own living. despair that comes from enforced idleness,

The inception of Deseret Industries, twentybut after all is said and done, the greatest five years ago, filled their need. These inblessings that will accrue from the Deseret

dustries also have brought something to do Industries are spiritual.

for many of our people whom industry has In the twentyninth section of the Doctrine called too old for gainful employment. and Covenants, we are told that "... all

Any system, government, or organization things unto me [the Lord] are spiritual, and which takes away individual initiative is not not at any time have I given unto you a law founded on sound principles, therefore any which was temporal; neither any man, nor

"dole"system which hands out support to the the children of men; neither Adam, your

I created.individual without requiring anything in refather, whom

"Behold, I gave unto him that he should turn, tends to instil a habit of laziness and be an agent unto himself; and I gave unto him

takes away selfsufficiency. commandment, but no temporal commandIn Deseret Industries, the individual's ment gave I unto him, for my commandments

labors are fitted to his capacity for labor. are spiritual; they are not natural nor

Here, I am sure, are found some of the most temporal, neither carnal nor sensual."(D&C

happy people on the face of the earth. They 29:3435.)

are working; they are producing, and not There is more spirituality expressed in givaccepting something for nothing in return. ing than in receiving. The greatest spiritual

Giving something for nothing as a grant is blessing comes from helping another. If

contrary to the fundamental teachings of the you want to be miserable, just harbor hate

Church. The real purpose of the industries for a brother, and if you want to hate, just

is to produce independence on the part of do your brother some injury. But if you

each individual, to make him selfsupporting, would be happy, render a kind service, make somebody else happy.to replace idleness with thrift and productivity.

There is also the realization that we are

The Deseret Industries was established for doing something to make the world better.

the benefit of the individual, just as the The Church is a means of rendering mutual

Church is established for the salvation of the service in order and wisdom. Jesus Christ is

individual. This program functions: its author. He himself, while in mortality,

(1) By rendering material help to those was the personification and exemplification of in need. brotherhood and spirituality.

AUGUST 1963 653 FOR WHOM IS VICARIOUS WORK PERFORMED?

question: "In discussing the verses three and four and referred

question of salvation for the dead to Ezra 2:6263, where certain of

the question was asked: 'For whom those returning from Babylon were

is vicarious work performed in the put from the priesthood. It hastemples?'Some of our members YOUR been my understanding that vicarithought that this work is to be ous work is for the dead, such as

done for everyone who is dead. baptism, endowment, etc., for nonThen I read the eightyfifth section QUESmembers of the Church who have

of the Doctrine and Covenants, passed in death...."answer: The question in Ezra TION the way for the salvation of the

2:6263, has nothing to do with the dead. We are taught in the scripquestion of salvation of the dead. tures that this vicarious work was

reference to those has passageThis one that until the had to wait ANSWERED BY the captivity returned fromwho power of redemption had been fulwho had intermarried among peofilled in the mission, death, andples who were not entitled to the JOSEPH resurrection of our Lord. It was

blessings of the priesthood. By the he who through his atonement on FIELDING

action of the authorities these were the cross opened the door for the set aside, and not allowed to parsalvation of the dead and madeticipate or take part in the priestSMITH it possible for the living, who heldhood. Incidentally, permit me to PRESIDENT OF the divine authority by partaking

say, that there was no doctrine THE COUNCIL of these glorious gifts themselves of the Lord, to gotaught and no work performed for OF THE TWELVE in the temples the dead in the days of Ezra. For into the temples and perform

that matter there could be no this vicarious work for the dead.

performance of ordinances for the dead in those Unfortunately there is very little written in the early times. Baptism for the dead and the other scriptures that has come down to us that throws any

ordinances pertaining to salvation for the dead were light whatever on the salvation of the dead. That

not practised in Israel or any other place in the world there was established the practice of baptism for the before the resurrection of our Savior. In fact, it was dead in the days following the resurrection of the

contrary to the plan of salvation for the ordinances Savior, we learn from the writings of Paul. However

to be performed for the dead until after the Savior that which is recorded is extremely fragmentary, and had, through his atonement and resurrection, prepared we do not gain a clear insight into what was done.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The doctrine of salvation for the dead was one that for their fathers, in fulfilment of the promise made evidently had to wait almost entirely for the Dispenthrough the prophets. It was for this purpose that

sation of the Fulness of Times. This wOrk is one of the Elijah came to plant in the hearts of the children the

urgent duties which pertains to the Dispensation of the promise made by prophecy to the fathers. It is very

Fulness of Times, and the Lord has made it obligatory evident from the revelations and the teachings of the today upon the children to see that the work is done Prophet Joseph Smith, that it is the responsibility of for their fathers. By fathers, we mean the generations the children to work on the lineage of their fathers

of our kindred dead back to the time of Adam. and search out their kindred dead as far back as they

In an epistle written to the brethren who were in are able to go. Therefore to answer the question, it

Great Britain in 1840, the Prophet Joseph Smith said: is our duty to search out our own dead and not labor

"I presume the doctrine of 'baptism for the dead'at random, but endeavor to link generation by generahas ere this reached your ears, and many have raised tion of our own kindred back from generation to some inquiries in your minds respecting the same. I generation as far as we can go.

cannot in this letter give you all the information you If every family in the Church would perform this may desire on the subject; but aside from knowledge labor for their dead, they would be doing exactly

independent of the Bible, I would say that it was what the Lord requires of them. If we do our duty,

certainly practiced by the ancient churches; and St. we will find enough to do without overstepping any

Paul endeavors to prove the doctrine of the resurrecbounds. We need not worry about what the Lord

tion from the same, and says, 'Else what shall they will do with the numerous dead. We may be sure

do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise that his plan will not fail. The work of salvation for

not at all? Why are they then baptized for the dead?'the dead will carry on and eventually the work will be

"I first mentioned the doctrine in public when performed for every soul who is entitled to receive preaching the funeral sermon of Brother Seymour it. It has been stated with reasonable understanding,

Brunson: and have since then given general instructhat during the millennium and after we have done

tions in the Church on the subject. The Saints have all that we are able, those on the other side will

the privilege of being baptized for those of their come to those who are still in mortality and aid in relatives who are dead, who they believe would this vicarious work by supplying the necessary inhave embraced the Gospel, if they had been priviformation which we are unable to procure. The work

leged with hearing it, and who have received the of the Lord is perfect, and we should have confidence

Gospel in the spirit, through the instrumentality of in him that he will provide the means by which all those who have been commissioned to preach to them those who are worthy shall find the means for the while in prison."(DEC 4, p. 231.) ordinances to be granted to them. This, however, does

According to the doctrine of salvation for the dead, not exempt the living from performing the ordinances it is the duty of the children to perform the ordinances for their dead as far as they are able to go.

AUGUST 1963 655 <v m BYHUMILITYELDER SPENCER W. KIMBALL

A OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

* \f A

M

o

fun

V

1 /,* lr

The dictionary says humility is "freedom from pride tion. From my brilliance comes this great knowledge.

or arrogance; the act of submission; lowliness, meekIt is my strength that carries this burden."

ness,"and says "meekness is mildness of temper; He gave in his Beatitudes, "Blessed are the meek:

patient under injuries; longsuffering,"and in a less for they shall inherit the earth."(Matt. 5:5.) He was

favorable sense, "spiritless."saying that only those who are humble enough to

We would discard the latter synonym, for the Lord forego the vain glories of the world and to follow the certainly was never spiritless. A lone man, armed paths of righteousnesspaths which may be hard and

only with a cord whip, drove moneychangers from unpopularwill possess the eartl}. When the earth

the temple. Confronted by reprobates who presented is renewed and receives its paradisiacal glory

an adulteress for stoning, he put them all to flight. only those will possess the real estate of this celesHe upbraided the thousands of inhabitants of tialized orb who have been meek enough to follow

Chorazin, Bethsaida, and Capernaum without a guard the lowly Nazarene and bravely meet all the problems to protect him. Almost alone among his accusers, he of life and surmount them. "Blessed are the meek"

chided and condemned them. One can be bold and If the Lord was meek and lowly and humble,

meek at the same time. One can be courageous then to become humble one must do what he did

and humble. in boldly denouncing evil, bravely advancing righteous

Too many of us say in our hearts what the chilwork, courageously meeting every problem, becomdren of Israel said to Moses: ing the master of himself and the situations about

"... My power and the might of mine hand hath him and being near oblivious to personal credit.

gotten me this wealth. Humility is not pretentious, presumptuous, or

"But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God: for proud. It is not weak, vacillating, or servile.

it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth,..."In the Lord's sample prayer, he opened it address-

(Deut. 8:1718.) ing his Father in heaven and closed it with these

.. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, We say, "My brains are responsible for this invenwords: ".

and the glory, for ever. Amen."(Ibid., 6:13.) gentleman and a gentlelady. It never struts nor

Humble and meek properly suggest virtues, not swaggers. Its faithful, quiet works will be the badge

weaknesses. They suggest a consistent mildness of of its own accomplishments. It never sets itself in

temper and an absence of wrath and passion. Humility the center of the stage, leaving all others in supporting

suggests no affectation, no bombastic actions. It is not roles. Humility is never accusing nor contentious. It

turbid or grandiloquent. It is not servile submissiveis not boastful, because when one becomes conscious

ness. It is not cowed or frightened. No shadow or of his great humility, he has already lost it. When

the shaking of a leaf terrorizes it. one begins boasting of his humility, it has already

How does one get humble? To me, one must conbecome pride, the antithesis of humility.

stantly be reminded of his dependence. On whom Humility is repentant and seeks not to justify its

dependent? On the Lord. How remind one's self? follies. It is forgiving others in the realization that

By real, constant, worshipful, grateful prayer. there may be errors of the same kind or worse chalked

"How can I remain humble?"the brilliant missionary up against itself.

asks. By reminding one's self frequently of his own Humility makes no bid for popularity and notoriety,

weaknesses and limitations, not to the point of depredemands no honors.

ciation, but an evaluation guided by an honest desire Humility is not insincere praise and flattery. It is

to give credit where credit is due. marking goods at their proper value, neither overHumility is teachableness—an ability to realize that priced for extravagant profit nor on sale in the baseall virtues and abilities are not concentrated in ment bargain counter.

one's self. It is not selfabasement—the hiding in the corner,

Humility is gracious, quiet, serene—not pompous, the devaluation of everything one does or thinks or

spectacular, or histrionic. It is subdued, kindly, and says; but it is the doing of one's best in every case

understanding—not crude, blatant, loud, or ugly. and leaving of one's acts, expressions, and accomplishHumility is not just a man or a woman but a perfect ments to largely speak for themselves. It is not the

AUGUST 1963 657 selling of dignity and honor for money or revenge. ment and radiant in his new opportunity, realizing

The peacock gives no evidence of humility nor is that "not where we serve, but how we serve"is the the pigeon meek as it struts to get attention from true test of greatness. I saw him later in the temple

its fellows. in white.

Frequently in calling men to high places in stakes, I saw Humility singing in the choir. She sang in

missions, and wards, they say they are willing but many great productions, but now in the ward choir, feel so inadequate. We usually say: "We are glad grateful for the opportunity. I heard her sweet

you feel inadequate. That means you will be humtestimony after the administration when she was

ble and do all in your power to make yourself able. miraculously healed. A new light was in her eyes

You will call upon the Lord, the source of power and as she gave thanks to her Lord for her recovery. And

strength."What a satisfaction it is to go finally again I remembered what the Lord said,

to the Lord for his benediction on one's effort when "And in nothing doth man offend God, or against he can honestly tell the Lord he has done all he could none is his wrath kindled, save those who confess not possibly do in preparation. his hand in all things, and obey not his commandHumility has the capacity to evaluate properly praise ments."(D&C 59:21.)

and applause and to catalog them. That which is I saw Humility again. He was young and stalwart.

flattering, gushing, insincere is thrown into the garThe group suggested pranks which were low and bage. That which is exaggerated must be trimmed beneath the dignity of decent men. I heard him argue

down to size. That which is appropriate may be them out of their improper plans and back to

accepted quietly, graciously, to be forgotten soon sane activity.

and be used as a stimulus to further improvement. Again I saw Humility. She was young, attractive,

I saw Humility once when she was baptized in a popular. Her makeup was limited; her clothes not

simple white gown—no ornaments or makeup, no extreme; her hairdo reasonable; her smile irresistible.

ostentation or show; yet she and her husband were About her there was nothing cheap or gaudy.

immensely wealthy. No special favors did she ask. The Savior knew life, and he knew men and their

She was immersed, though clothing would be clingweaknesses basic in Iran's carnal nature. Seemingly,

ing, her hair would be stringing, willing to acknowlhe could not tolerate sham and pretense and hypocrisy.

edge her need for the gospel, the Lord, and his He castigated "the dogin-themanger"type of people. She had been as on a raft, floating in midhypocrite:

ocean without oars, sails, or engines, or like the groping "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!

blind man alone in unfrequented places. for ye devour widows'houses, and for a pretence

I saw Humility receive the Aaronic Priesthood, make long prayers:..."(Matt. 23:14.)

though he was a businessman of much affluence—tall, Lips can speak honeyed words while hearts are

handsome, successful, prominent. He walked with black and foul. These men could pay tithes and make

the deacons—the twelveyear-olds—to pass the Sacragifts for show and pray on street corners in the stance

of humility while stiff with pride. These blind guides "And the Lord said unto him, Who hath made

were proverbial in their straining of gnats and swalman's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf,

lowing camels. (See ibid., 23:24.) His comparing them or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the Lord?"

to the tombs is graphic. The sepulchre is white- (Ibid., 4:1011.)

washed on the outside but inside are bodies of dead "... Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother?..."

men with the stench of decomposition. He said (Ibid., 4:14.)

of them, "And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people:

"Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity."mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God."

(Ibid., 23:28.) (Ibid., 4:160

Though his accomplishments were spectacular, the "How may I retain humility?"it is asked. Even

Lord would allow no demonstrations. When he Moses, like many of us, seemed to let his humility

healed the leper, he sent him away with, ":.. See cloak wear thin and threadbare. The wanderers had

thou tell no man; but go thy way,..."(Ibid., 8:4.) come to the desert of Zin.

When he raised the child of Jairus from the dead, "And there was no water for the congregation:...

he performed the miracle in the privacy of the sick "And the people chode with Moses, and spake,...

room, with only the parents and Peter, James, and "And why have ye brought up the congregation of

John with him, leaving the weepers and the wailers the Lord into this wilderness, that we and our cattle and the mass of people outside. Then he "... charged should die there?

them straitly that no man should know it;...""... it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or

(Mark 5:43.) of pomegranates; neither is there any water to drink."

In most of his healings he seemed to give credit to (Num. 20:2-5.)

their own faith rather than to his great power, as he But Moses, undoubtedly annoyed to the limit of did in the case of the woman who touched his garment human endurance, forgot himself nd said to them, and was healed of her twelveyear malady. "Daugh- "... Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water

ter, be of good comfort: thy faith hath made thee out of this rock?"(Ibid., 20:10.)

whole; go in peace."(Luke 8:48.) The Lord was displeased with Moses in assuming to

It seems the Lord calls the weak to serve in high perform the miracle. I can imagine the Lord saying

places. Moses was such an one. Though trained something like this: "Who, did you say? Who made

in royal courts, he still had limitations and was conthe water? Who made the rock? Moses! Who

scious of them. brought the water from the rock?"And he did say,

"... Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh,...""... Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the

(Ex. 3:11.) eyes of the children of Israel, therefore ye shall not

"... I am not eloquent,... but I am slow of bring this congregation into the land which I have

speech, and of a slow tongue. given them."( Ibid., 20: 12. ) ( Continued on page 704)

WORTHY OF recordscorrect—thatwhichis are"worthygenealogicallyof all acceptation."complete and

It is one record? is a complete on which

are listed and ALL all Whatmembers for whom, of a family all available items of identification are recorded. ACCEPTATION No family is complete without all of its members. A family group record which merely lists

On September 6, 18U2, the names of a husband and wife and their date the Prophet Joseph Smith of marriage cannot be considered complete until wrote a general epistle every effort has been made to find complete details to the members of the of all children born to this couple.

Church containing in- A family group record cannot be considered n structions relating to complete until every available item of identifying work for the dead. In information has been found and listed for the

GENEALOGY thisbeen preservedletter, whichfor ushasas husband,Many familywife, andgrouptheir children.records on file in the

section 128 of the DocChurch Records Archives do not meet this retrine and Covenants, he quired standard of completeness. Many of them

indicates that the records have been compiled from a single marriage entry of the dead are to be with no apparent attempt made to find record of made "worthy of all acany children.

ceptation."In genealogiThere are others which have been compiled from

cal work, therefore, our a single christening entry with no apparent effort goal has been set. It is to made to find record of additional children or of

prepare for temple work further details of the parents.

QUESTION:Pertinent In some of my ancestral families, I notice that there

are a number of children who died young. I understand that no temple work is ever performed forQuestions those who died under the age of eight years. If this

is true, why is it necessary to list such children on a family group record?Answered

ANSWER: Your question is based on the erroneous assumption that no temple work is performed for those who died under the age of eight years. It is true that no

baptisms or endowments are performed for those who died before reaching the age of eight years, but they are still sealed as children to their parents.

No family group would be complete without all of its members, therefore it is necessary to list all children on a family group record with their parents.

QUESTION: Is it necessary to list stillborn children on a family group record with their parents? If so, is any

temple work performed for them?

|ff\ ANSWER: Stillborn children should be recorded on the family zp*\ 4r-S

ft Such records are not complete and, therefore, any necessary adjustments and additions can be cannot be classified as "worthy of all acceptation."taken care of at a later date. It is this kind of

How can one be certain that a family group thinking that has necessitated the spending each record is genealogically complete? By searching year of thousands of dollars to make corrections

all available records and following the correct and adjustments to poorly compiled records.

principles and standards of genealogical research. Church members are strongly urged to make sure

A family group record may be genealogically that their family group records are complete and complete even though certain items of identificacorrect before they are submitted for processing tion are lacking; for example, a family group and temple work. The key word is quality.

record on which there is no marriage date for Beginning in September 1963, a new program the husband and wife would be considered comof genealogical instruction will be offered in conplete in a genealogical sense if searches for junction with the MIA in every ward in the this required information had been made in Church. The combined texts for the first course

available sources. Only if such data were not in this new program are Ten Basic Steps in Geneavailable, however, could the record be conalogy and Genealogical Research Standards. In

sidered complete. this first course, instruction is given on the methWhat is a correct family group record? It is ods of compiling complete and correct records

one compiled from information obtained from all through a planned program of evidence evaluation available sources that has been carefully and and research procedures.

thoroughly evaluated as to its acceptability. All church members are encouraged to take this

There is the mistaken idea among a number of course regardless of their previous genealogical church members that even though family group experience. It is a course designed to increase

records are known to be incomplete, they should the quality of research throughout the Church and still be'submitted for processing and temple work thereby to present for temple work records that so that the ordinance work can be performed and are "worthy of all acceptation."

group record of their parents in their normal chrononumber of different ways for example, Whitlogical order of birth, as though that birth were a taker, Whitaker, Whiteacre, and Whitacker. In

normal one. The manner of recording stillborn chilone generation, the surnames of four children of

dren on a family group record is discussed in section 2 the same parents are spelled differently. How

of the Genealogical Instruction Manual, pages 4042. should I record such names?

No temple work will be performed for stillborn children. President Joseph Fielding Smith makes the ANSWER:

following explanation in Volume II, Doctrines of Surnames should be recorded on the family group

Salvation, page 280. record exactly as they read in the earliest record in

"There is no information given by revelation in which that individual appears, unless there is eviregard to the status of stillborn children. However, dence (such as a diary or journal) which indicates the

I will express my personal opinion that we should way the individual himself spelled his surname durhave hope that these little ones will receive a resuring his lifetime.

rection and then belong to us. I cannot help feeling Frequently, the spelling of the surname may change

that this will be the case. from one record to another; for example, suppose on a

"When a couple have a stillborn child, we give birth record the spelling John Whittaker appears. On

them all the comfort we can. We have good reason the death record the spelling is John Whiteacre. On

to hope. Funeral services may be held for such his marriage record the spelling appears as John

children, if the parents so desire. Stillborn children Whitakker. On every family group record on which

should not be reported nor recorded as births on the this individual is listed, his name would be recorded records of the Church, but it is suggested that parents as WHITTAKER, John, the spelling under which record in their own family records a name for each the surname appears in the earliest record relating to stillborn child."him ( that of his birth )

When the record reaches the Genealogical Society,

QUESTION: the surname for the family may be standardized for

In carrying out research on my Whittaker line of consistency with the files at the society. This standardancestry, I noticed that the surname is spelled a ization is not to be done by the patron, however.

AUGUST 1963 661

rryff 7tlTT t 'l > li,r**

insiisamnir.

va home to BY CHRISTIE LUND COLESgoto

Melinda tilted the watering can over the hardy, readyto-bloom geraniums and watched the dark soil suck in the moisture.

She motioned with her head to her small granddaughter as she said, "See how thirsty they are? Just needed a good drink."

"Let me do the next one, Mom-a,"begged the threeyear-old. "I won't spill."

"All right. Hold the can by the handle.

Don't tip it too far... just a bit."

The child, standing tiptoe on the chair to reach the window sill, clasped her hand tightly on the handle and tipped the can carefully, "Now, Mom-a?"

She smiled, "That's fine. Just a mite too

much. We'll get it right on the next one."

Her own hand guided the smaller one, and the two of them poured just the right amount on the next flower. When they took the ruby bright one for herself, filled

came to the third flower, however, the them with milk, set them on the clean child, Robin, protested, "No, I can do it tablecloth while her granddaughter realone. Let me."moved the head from the cookie jar, and

Melinda nodded, "Sure you can. I'll they proceeded with their "party."

move the flower over so you can reach it. The sound of voices came from the front

How's that?"step; there was a quick knock on the door,

Robin beamed, "Fine, Mom-a. What and then the steps of her daughter Flora

makes the flowers?"and her granddaughter Jean coming

"I've told you before, you inquisitive through the cool house. Flora was saying,

young'un. First the seed, then the sun, "My, this feels like heaven after that

and the water."downtown heat. You two don't know

"And the dirt, too, 'member? You how lucky you are to be here."

need that.""I'll say,"agreed Jean, coming into the

"Oh, of course. You need the soil... kitchen and going over to kiss the top of

someplace for the roots to keep warm, and her small daughter's head. "Been a good

grow, and be protected. Just like you girl with Grandma? Not tired her out?"

need a home.""No, of course not,"Melinda assured her,

"Do you need a home, too, Mom-a? Is as the child said, "We just having party.

this your home?"I don't want to go home. I don't want to."

The slight woman nodded her gray head "But we have to go home and start dinand looked over the top of her goldner for Daddy, don't we, Grandmother?"

rimmed glasses at the wise child who, she She addressed her mother with the name was sure, had heard her mother and which distinguished her status with the grandmother talking about her giving older woman's. "Yes,"agreed the attracup this house and moving in with one of tive middleaged woman, "but I think she

her children. should finish her party first. Then I will

"Yes, my honey, this has been Grandma's show you what Grandmother bought you."

home for a long time. Fifty years. When "Otay,"smiled the child, handing her

your mama was a little girl, she used to grandma another cookie.

come here and help water the flowers. Flora laughed, "Oh, isn't she adorable,

And your grandmother lived here and grew Mama?"

up here with her sisters and brothers."Melinda nodded, "Oh, of course she is.

"I don't have any sisters and brothers."So are my other grandchildren."She added

"No, you minx, but you will have soon."the last words because she tried not to show

"A sister?"favoritism between this child and the chil-

"Umh, I don't know."She reached out dren of her two sons and other daughter.

her arms and encompassed the small, brown But since Flora was her youngest and Jean body, pressing it against her shoulder as was an only child and had always been very she felt the need to do so often. It was close to her, it was difficult not to feel

strange how a mother's arms never lost just a mite of special liking for the brownthe need to hold one of her own in a eyed tot.

caress of tenderness and care. Melinda stood up, and Robin reached

"I love you,"she whispered. "Since her arms to her, "Help me down, Mom-a."

you've been such a good girl to help water "You're a big girl and can get down the flowers and all, you may have a party yourself. Grandma will take your hand

now. Shall we have cookies and milk?"and help you. How's that?"

"Umhum,"Robin agreed, squirming out "Otay,"the child agreed. But as she

of the arms that held her, "cookies and started to get down, her arm hit the milkmilk. Goodie."glass goblet and it started to tip. Her

"Do you want the pretty red glass or the mother grabbed it quickly, catching it just blue one?"in time. Flora breathed deeply, then said

"The blue one,"came the small voice, to Melinda, "Why do you insist on letting quickly. Melinda lifted the delicate milkher drink out of these special glasses? You

glass from the shelf of her best dishes, then know I've asked for them. And someday

-S

".I!'.-,

she is surely going to break one... not world someday. I don't believe it."She

meaning to, of course."added, "The doctor says this isn't true

"I'm still alive, Flora. And as long as angina. Just a catch."

I'm alive, I reckon it's all right for me to Flora sat down opposite her mother, to do with my own things whatever I want say, "Now, look, Mama, you know you 1 to.milk. And..."if a body can't drink a little can'tcare ofbe thisalonebiganyhouse.longerThoseand trypainsto seemtake

Her face suddenly paled, and she bent to be coming more frequently. We chilforward to catch her breath. Her hand dren will have to get together and decide

went to her chest. where would be the best for you."

"Now, you've got yourself upset. I "I have a little money. I can pay for a

didn't mean it like that. Where are your little help in the house. As for the pains,

nitroglycerine tablets?"they aren't any worse...."

Her mother nodded toward the bedroom, "Now, please think about it. And we'll

and Flora said, "Go get them, quickly, get together and talk it over."

Jean. Here, Mother, sit down. I'll get Melinda nodded, not wanting to pursue

you a drink."the subject now. Though Flora mentioned

"Whatsa matter, Grandma?"asked Robin. it to her daughter when they were ready

And the woman who suddenly looked all to leave, and Jean said, "Honestly, Grandof her eighty years, managed a slight smile, ma, if Dick and I had a house of our own, "Nothing,"she murmured, sitting on the we'd just whisk you over there. There

chair proffered her by her daughter. wouldn't be any question of where you

would live."

Jean was soon back with the small bottle,

Melinda smiled at the twentythree-yearand Flora slipped the small, white pill old, auburnhaired granddaughter who was urider her mother's tongue. After a moso pretty and so sweet.

ment, the color returned to Melinda's face, "If you had a house, I might just take and her breathing became easier. you up on that,"she said.

"That's so silly,"she said, "and it wasn't Flora shook her head in exasperation, because you said anything about the "Yet you can't decide to come and live with glasses. I guess I just resent the intimaone of your own children."

tion that I'm going to depart from this Melinda (Continued on page 682)

HER WEDDING DAY

The bride and groom have left; the guests are gone;

And here within her room there lingers on

The unpredictableness that was her,

Of dreams and hopes that kept her heart astir.

I touch her scattered things, the much accented

Signs of haste; the air still sweetly scented;

Then opening up her album, on the shelf,

I seek those dear portrayals of herself.

A teardrop falls, as now from page to page,

From babyhood through every varying stage,

I linger over keepsakes. Time is then

Of precious years I'll never see again.

I weep; and yet my motherheart is glad

That love can bring to her these joys I've had.

Blessing my darling, I turn out the light,

And peaceful minutes fill the wells of night.

BY RUTH L1NNEA ERICKSON

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA = PUNCTUALITY

BY LAWRENCE R. GILES

Sunday evening I was late for church. It was only a of all we disturb the spirit of the meeting. Also, no

few minutes, and I had a good excuse, but I felt one is exempt from being an example—to family,

painfully guilty. It seemed as if everyone in the acquaintances, one's Sunday School class, to "outcongregation turned to look at me or at least wanted siders."Any meeting, large or small, which we should

to. Of course, the main accuser was my conscience attend is an appointment, and we should honor that

and, whether or not anyone else noticed, I was very appointment. Horace Mann, the great American

uncomfortable inside. educator, said, "Unfaithfulness in the keeping of an

My excuse was that I had a phone call at the very appointment is an act of clear dishonesty. You may

last moment—but I would have been on my way as well borrow a person's money as his time."

before the phone rang had I been on time. The call Late ward teaching or Relief Society teaching is a

only delayed me more. If I had started getting ready form of tardiness. There are so many merits in

a little earlier, I would not have nicked myself with getting at it early, and yet some of us who count the razor or lost a cuff link under the bed. It takes ourselves mature in our thinking and acting, contime to hurry. tinually punish ourselves, torment our supervisors,

And this was not the first time I had been late for worry our bishop by "puttingoff."

church, and this made twice in one month. "That Another form of tardiness is lateness in making

could become a habit,"I told myself. preparation for assignments and lessons. Experience

I know how nice it is to be five or ten minutes has verified the truth that the teacher or speaker early for meetings, so'I can enter the chapel leisurely should be prepared early, in order that the suband reverently. I do not enjoy being swept in on the conscious mind might have a chance to aid in giving

lastminute rush, miss the greeting of the bishopric value, order, and color to the subject. Is the teacher

at the door and then have people shove over to give true to himself, to his calling, to his class, who unme a seat. Perhaps that's why I felt "shook,"as the necessarily waits until the last minute to prepare his

kids say, to be tardy at Sacrament meeting. material? Is he not robbing the spirit he seeks?

The humiliation was still upon me as I climbed into Happy is the prepared instructor who can in serenity bed, and I rolled and tossed, remembering that I had worship with the congregation through the prenot done my ward teaching for the month. In fact, liminary exercises, feeling that when class time comes

I thought of several things I had put off; also of the he is qualified and worthy to receive the full comerit of promptness and the sin of tardiness. Would operation of inspiration!

you like to plug in on some of the conclusions that Late reports are a nightmare to some clerks and came into my mind? secretaries, and this is, more often than not, aggraTime, like a talent, is granted to man, to be his vated by the late reporting of others. Is it not better

companion and his servant. If he does not use it to be a complimented and appreciated "early reporter"

wisely, he will lose it. Then why should man become than a haunted, hounded, "lategetter-inner"?

its slave? Time is precious only to those who know And so summing up the thoughts that went through

its value, and to learn its true value is one of the my mind, I decided that he who is habitually late great lessons of life.

To waste one's own time is harmful, while to waste proclaims to all the world that he is a poor manager the time of others is always offensive. Being late for of time—and perhaps of other things, too. I resolved to

a meeting, we sometimes reason, is quite unimportant do my ward teaching the next day, to get my report because our presence is of consequence only to ourto my supervisor promptly, to make earlier preparation selves. But we disturb the audience, those who preof my next lesson and never again, unnecessarily, to

side, the speaker, and other participants, and most be late for a meeting or an appointment.

AUGUST 1963 66S THE LAW OF CHASTITY

There is a law of life so deeply wrought that no nation that ignores it can long exist, for the law involves that which is both the giver and destroyer of life.

Life begets life. Life comes from previous life. In the great Genesis story of

the creation of Eve, this universal principle is proclaimed. And the voice of God rings

from Eden, "... multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it:..."(Gen. 1:28.)

In all life's forms the urge to propagate its kind is strong and needs to be so in order to survive. But that urge which is so powerful, in order to effect God's purposes,

is equally powerful to thwart them when we come to the human race, and the story of the rise and fall of nations is closely interwoven with the rise and fall of men's moral lives, especially in regard to the keeping or breaking of the law of chastity.

One who obeys the law of chastity as proclaimed by the Lord finds himself listed on the side of the good men and women of the earth and with the angels of heaven. Those who spurn the law of God in regard to chastity find themselves among

the ignorant, the depressed, the neurotic, the criminal, and the devil. It was ever so.

In all the accounts of men the alignment is the same. Customs vary; forms of marriage are

legion; but in all progressive society the sanctity and healthy survival of the family

requires a rigid law of chastity—that man shall cleave unto his wife and to none else.

CONDUCTED The thunder of the voice of God from Mt. Sinai reverberates eternally over the earth,

"Thou shalt not commit adultery."(Ex. 20:14.) Man may not tamper with life's proBY THE cesses without reaping the whirlwind. Beauty and ugliness lie so close together that they

UNIFIED seem at times almost indistinguishable, and many are deceived thereby—the immediate

CHURCH pleasure drawing a blinding curtain over what lies beyond, preventing sane judgSCHOOL ment save one looks upon the lives of others and witnesses the joys or the pains beyond

SYSTEM the curtain of immediacy.

The Prophet Jacob was looking beyond this curtain, and his heart was sorrowful as he proclaimed to his people:

"Now, my beloved brethren, I, Jacob, according to the responsibility which I am under to God, to magnify mine office with soberness, and that I might rid my garments of your sins, I come up into the temple this day that I might declare unto you the word of God....

"For behold, as yet, ye have been obedient unto the word of the Lord, which I have given unto you.

"But behold, hearken ye unto me, and know that by the help of the allpowerful

Creator of heaven and earth I can tell you concerning your thoughts, how that ye are beginning to labor in sin, which sin appeareth very abominable unto me, yea, and abominable unto God.

"Yea, it grieveth my soul and causeth me to shrink with shame before the presence of my Maker, that I might testify unto you concerning the wickedness of your hearts.

"And also it grieveth me that I must use so much boldness of speech concerning you, before your wives and your children, many of whose feelings are exceedingly tender and chaste and delicate before God, which thing is pleasing unto God;

"And it supposeth me that they have come up hither to hear the pleasing word of

God, yea, the word which healeth the wounded soul.

BY WILLIAM E. BERRETT administrator of seminaries and institutes of religion

"Wherefore, it burdeneth my soul that I should be women. And whoredoms are an abomination before

constrained, because of the strict commandment which me; thus saith the Lord of Hosts.

I have received from God, to admonish you according "Wherefore, this people shall keep my commandto your crimes, to enlarge the wounds of those who ments, saith the Lord of Hosts, or cursed be the land are already wounded, instead of consoling and healing for their sakes."(Ibid., 2:2229.)

their wounds; and those who have not been wounded, It remained for the Prophet Alma to enlarge upon

instead of feasting upon the pleasing word of God the enormity of the sin of adultery. In upbraiding

have daggers placed to pierce their souls and wound his son, Corianton, he says:

their delicate minds. "And this is not all, my son. Thou didst do that

"But, notwithstanding the greatness of the task, I which was grievous unto me; for thou didst forsake

must do according to the strict commands of God, the ministry, and did go over into the land of Siron, and tell you concerning your wickedness and abominaamong the borders of the Lamanites, after the tions, in the presence of the pure in heart, and the harlot Isabel.

broken heart, and under the glance of the piercing "Yea, she did steal away the hearts of many; but

eye of the Almighty God."(Jacob 2:2, 4-10.) this was no excuse for thee, my son. Thou shouldst

After admonishing his people to put off pride and have tended to the ministry wherewith thou selfishness and share the bounties of life with their wast entrusted.

brethren, he continues: "Know ye not, my son, that these things are an

"And now I make an end of speaking unto you abomination in the sight of the Lord; yea, most abomconcerning this pride. And were it not that I must inable above all sins save it be the shedding of innospeak unto you concerning a grosser crime, my heart cent blood or denying the Holy Ghost?

would rejoice exceedingly because of you. "For behold, if ye deny the Holy Ghost when it

"But the word of God burthens me because of your once has had place in you, and ye know that ye deny grosser crimes. For behold, thus saith the Lord: it, behold, this is a sin which is unpardonable; yea,

This people begin to wax in iniquity; they understand and whosoever murdereth against the light and knowlnot the scriptures, for they seek to excuse themselves edge of God, it is not easy for him to obtain forgivein committing whoredoms, because of the things ness; yea, I say unto you, my son, that it is not easy

which were written concerning David, and Solomon for him to obtain a forgiveness.

his son. "And now, my son, I would to God that ye had

"Behold, David and Solomon truly had many wives not been guilty of so great a crime. I would not

and concubines, which thing was abominable before dwell upon your crimes, to harrow up your soul, if me, saith the Lord. it were not for your good.

"Wherefore, thus saith the Lord, I have led this "But behold, ye cannot hide your crimes from God;

people forth out of the land of Jerusalem, by the and except ye repent they will stand as a testimony power of mine arm, that I might raise up unto me a against you at the last day.

righteous branch from the fruit of the loins of Joseph. "Now my son, I would that ye should repent and

"Wherefore, I the Lord God will not suffer that this forsake your sins, and go no more after the lusts of people shall do like unto (hem of old. your eyes, but cross yourself in all these things; for

"Wherefore, my brethren, hear me, and hearken except ye do this ye can in nowise inherit the kingdom to the word of the Lord: For there shall not any man of God. Oh, remember, and take it upon you, and

among you have save it be one wife; and concubines cross yourself in these things.

he shall have none; "And I command you to take it upon you to counsel

"For I, the Lord God, delight in the chastity of with your elder (Continued on page 686)

AUGUST 1963 667 "IT'S NICE...BUT/YOU CANT f#

IT! EAT BY JANET W. BREEZE

"J, the Lord, am bound when ye do what I say; but when ye do not what

I say, ye have no promise."

(D&C 82:10.)

Charlotte bustled herself about the living room, folding up the newspapers and straightening the throw rugs. The

bishop was coming to meet with her husband about a special Aaronic Priesthood problem. And she wouldn't want

the bishop seeing the house cluttered.

Besides, she didn't want anything to detract from the large, smartlyfurnished room's newest addition—a bleached walnut grand piano. It had just arrived,

and the excitement surrounding its entrance into her home had Charlotte feeling as giddy as the time she went to her first formal dance. For months

she had scrimped and saved, just to make the down payment. And at last

she had the costly treasure at her fingertips, even though it did still belong mostly to the finance company. It was

going to make such a big difference in their lives. People were happier when

they surrounded themselves with music. for storing even a month's supply of

This she knew. And now, they too, food, let alone have at least a year

would be happier. ahead. We would have either to deprive

She ran her finger down the keyboard the children of each having a room as she passed the piano on her way to of their own, or else build another answer the door. room in the basement. And we can't

The bishop was a young man, about afford that!"

ten years the junior of Charlotte and The attitude of Charlotte and her husher husband; but they admired and band is not rare among church members,

respected him greatly for the mature who have been aware of the "Welfare wisdom he had displayed in directing Program"since it was first reintroduced the affairs of the ward. to the Church by the Prophet Heber J.

"Good evening, Bishop. How's your Grant in 1936. Although countless

little family?"members have responded to the call of

"Just fine, and yours?"preparedness, still more have not. In

"Couldn't be better."some wards, where polls were taken

Charlotte closed the door behind him prior to a storage program, it was found and hastened to draw his attention that only two and three families in a across the room. ward had "adequate"storage. Many

"See the new member of our family?"families had several cases of good intenshe beamed. tions, but nothing planned toward a

"Well, when did this happen?"sufficient balanced diet.

"This afternoon. And I've been playNone of us know when personal illing it ever since."ness or injury, or a work stoppage due

"Someone must think very highly of to any number of things beyond our you, Charlotte, to present you with such personal control may deprive us from a gift."making our living for days, weeks,

"Oh, it wasn't a gift! We bought it. months, or years. One of the great purThat is, we're buying it. Three thousand poses of the welfare program as stated

dollars was a shade more than the cash in the handbook is to encourage "memwe had on hand."bers to get out of debt and to provide

The bishop reached over and played a themselves with enough supplies to carry soft, brief melody. them and their families over periods of

"It has beautiful tone."injury, sickness, and unemployment."

And then he looked straight at her, Yes, we have been advised and half smiling so as not to offend the dear warned—for so many years that some

sister who took such an active part in members of the Church have developed sharing the ward's responsibilities. an apathy toward the immediacy of

"In fact, it's a very nice piano,"he said, acting. They feel it's a good idea to

"... but you can't eat it."store after they accumulate this and that,

So—why should anyone want to eat a or take the trip they've been saving for,

'$3,000 grand piano? Why would a or get the children raised—then they'll

bishop risk offending a dedicated memobey the inspired advice given by their ber of his ward by making such a comleaders. Right now—they "just can't

ment? Why? Because only the month afford it."

previous Charlotte and her husband had But the way is open. The way is

turned down an invitation to join a ward always open when we obey the Lord.

food storage program. The 19611962 MIA theme was a re-

"We just can't afford it!"Charlotte minder to all of us.

had told the welfare representative. "I will go and do the things which

"And besides, we haven't the facilities the Lord (Continued on page 690)

SQUARE

BY ELDER EZRA TAFT BENSON OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

is an event, I think, that we shall lives of people will be commennever forget. surate with your preparation, your

As I picked up the program for perseverance, and your prayerfulthis conference in my office the ness. May the Spirit of the Lord

other day and opened it to a full always be with you.

spread and looked at the cover, I This conference, the literature you received a thrill that will remain will receive, the instruction that will with me for many weeks and months come, the notes you will take will to come. Youth looking up, looking inspire every leader to approach his

at the world, facing the world, honassignment with confidence, enthusiestly. I thought of the father—not asm, wisdom, and dedication. Thus,

a very good father, I fear—who went will the calling of every MIA leader

out in the early night with his little be magnified to strengthen the charson into a neighbor's field to steal acter and increase the testimony of small. melons, and after looking in the youth of the Church, and may

My beloved brethren and sisters, in all directions around him he gave you always remember that the whole humility and gratitude I face you the signal to the son to start putting this morning. I bear witness to you, the melons into the basket. But the

my brothers and sisters and friends, little sixyear-old boy said, "Daddy, that what you have just witnessed there's one place you didn't look."

in this presentation is the truth. "What's that, what's that, son?

(Presentation of the MIA Theme Where?"

Moroni 10:4.) I bear witness that "Daddy, you didn't look up,"

the Book of Mormon is a sacred We want the young people of this volume of scripture, that it is true, Church to look up, to face the that it is an added witness to the diworld. Forty years ago while servvine mission of Jesus Christ, an ing as a humble missionary under

added witness to the divinity of the the inspired leadership of President

Holy Bible. I bear witness that David O. McKay, we had a little

Joseph Smith is and was a Prophet pamphlet entitled, "The Latterday of the Living God, one of the greatSaints and the World."This Church

est, if not the greatest Prophet that of which we are a part is a world ever lived upon the earth. These organization. Our message is a purpose of the Church is to build

things I know with all my heart and world message. Our program is a men and women of character, men

thank God for this testimony. program for the youth of the entire and women of strength, men and

It is an honor to participate in world. It fits anywhere. It has women of faith—Godlike men and

this wonderful program this morncome forth under the inspiration of women. Character is the one thing

ing. I love the MIA. Through heaven, and it is being directed we make in this world and take

fifty years it has touched and blessed under that same inspiration. with us into the next.

my life, and of the many thrills And now you, my brethren and "Therefore, O ye that embark in that I have received and the joys sisters, are called to leadership. You the service of God, see that ye serve

that have come, I think the greatest have been called to provide divinely him with all your heart, might, mind, thrill of all occurred this morning inspired leadership for the youth of and strength, that ye may stand when President David O. McKay the Church. It is expected that you blameless before God at the last

and his lovely companion surprised will study diligently in order to come day."(D&C 4:2.)

us by entering this meeting. This to an understanding of the purposes, Think of your motto, "The Glory

policies, and potentials of the great of God Is Intelligence...."I sat at

*ADDRESS GIVEN AT MIA JUNE CONFERENCE,FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 14, 1963. MIA program. Your success in the a luncheon given in my honor at the

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA great Purdue University a few years Yes, MIA provides spiritual growth ago, and at my side was the presithrough gospel study, spiritualized dent of the University, Dr. Havde. recreation through playing and

Some twenty men were at the table. praying together, cultural enrichIn the conversation he said, "Well, I ment through social activities. MIA

see you Mormons have done it is for everyone twelve years of age again."I said, "What have we done and older.

now?"He said, "You're way out in And now, my beloved leaders, you

front as usual in the field of educaare working with the choicest matetion. I have just read the annual rials obtainable anywhere. These

report. How do you do it? How young people are not just ordinary

do you account for it? You're not young people. They are not just

a wealthy state, but you're always the run of the mill. They are choice

out in the foreground."spirits. President Wilford Woodruff

I said, "I'm not sure I have the said this: "The Lord has chosen a

answer. Maybe I can contribute a small number of choice spirits of

little. The Church has always noting youth, growth, and progress. sons and daughters out of all the

placed emphasis upon education. We You know the purpose of MIA—to creations of God, who are to inherit

believe that a man is saved no faster provide a means by which the docthis earth; and this company of

than he gets knowledge. We believe trines of the gospel can be more choice spirits have been kept in the

in the great eternal principle of effectively taught to the young men spirit world for six thousand years eternal progression, and then we and women, that testimonies of the to come forth in the last days to have a great youth organization in truth of these doctrines and the distand in the flesh in this last Dispenthe Church that we call the MIA vinity of the mission of Joseph Smith sation of the Fulness of Times, to and their theme is 'The Glory of God might be gained, and also that the organize the Kingdom of God upon

Is Intelligence.'literary tastes of the young might the earth, to build it up and to de-

"What is it you say?"he asked. be developed and their social activifend it... and to receive the eternal

I repeated the theme. He said, "I ties brought under better manageand everlasting Priesthood (of God)."

never heard anything like that."ment and control. You cannot fail in this work. This

Then he called the attention of these You have read and will read in is God's work. These are his chiltwenty men and repeated our conthe new executive handbook the dren. This is his program. We are

versation. A few moments later in charge given to you as leaders by his helpers. If we do our part he

the great music hall were 7,000 the First Presidency of the Church, will not permit us to fail. Again, we

farmers from twelve states. As their What does MIA mean? It means

speaker was introduced the presiMutual Improvement Association.

dent of this university again MIA means an organization of repeated our conversation and reyoung men and an organization of peated the MIA theme, "The Glory young women—two organizations

of God Is Intelligence."working cooperatively together for

Sometimes I think we are so close mutual improvement in the spirit to it all as MIA people we fail to of unity. MIA means a helping orappreciate the blessings of MIA. ganization—an auxiliary to the

Colors—gold and green—brought priesthood of the Church. Its purand displayed on the grounds durposes are to develop testimonies of

ing today's wonderful reception. the gospel, develop talents, provide

Gold typifying strength, honor, and social activities, provide recreational power, or the glorious heights to activities, develop faithful Latterwhich youth may attain. Green deday Saints.

AUGUST 1963 671 live in the world, but we must not with everything in doubt. No wonguy who gets his kicks from trying

become a part of the world so far as der so many of them welsh out and to do something better than anyone the sins and evils of the world are squeal and turn traitor when conelse. A boob who gets so lost in

concerned. Listen to the words of fronted with the grim reality of his work that he has to be reminded

President David O. McKay. "Never a Red military force and the to go home. A slob who still gets

before in the history of the Church crafty cunning of Red psychoall choked up when he hears 'Amerwere there so many insidious influlogical warfare."ica the Beautiful.'

ences at work among our people Talk about need for leadership. We want to raise young men and

as today. Never before have danThere has never been such a great women to be squares if this is what

gers been so threatening to our need as there is today. Your chalsquares are. Young men and women

youth. There are more threatening lenge is clear. These, our young who can get choked up when they

influences enticing our boys and people, must have a clear allegiance. hear "America the Beautiful."Going

girls from paths of duty than there They must have positive standards. on, this author says, "His tribe, the

were years ago."They must hold to those anchors square, isn't thriving too well. He

Yes, we're in the world. We're which you can provide through the doesn't fit into the current group of

in a sick world, a world that is in program of the Church. They must angle players, corner cutters, sharptrouble. There are strange and shooters, and goofoffs. He doesn't

dangerous trends that endanger the want to fly now and pay later. He's

lives and the characters and the burdened down with oldfashioned wellbeing of these choice young ideas of honesty, loyalty, courage, people. Recently I read the address and thrift. He may already be on

of Dr. Max Rafferty, Superintendent his way to extinction. He and all

of Education of California, which the rest of us live in a country quite has caused such a stir. May I quote different from the one we were

a few words. He said: "Patriotism taught to love. Conformity is

feeds upon heroworship."You must sweeping the country. While more

be worthy to be heroes to these and more people want to get seats in young people. They look to you. the grandstand, fewer and fewer

They will heed your example. They want to sweat it out down on

will follow your counsel if your exthe field."

ample is right. "Patriotism feeds Leaders of youth, we want our

heroworship, decided andupon we young the people on want We is It interestheroes.to abolish... it out. sweating them want field. We young men and women of significant,"ing Dr. be says and to responsibility, them have because character.

"thatRafferty, dehas education they responsibility. under grow for Scouting, In adults, magazine We a theliberately to hero debunked are sitters. of not a organized Church I in the article April issue read an

... jerk. for the room Themake of are a Church organized We Charles by has H. Brower which allresults for see; are plain the to workers, and our want we young stirred I me. every hope MIA of youngsters ourworst growing up it to all into get people their with it. leader I reads from quote Mayto sideburned, booted, duckbecome enthusiasm and Further power. on it? says: this gives as he and Hetailed, leatherjacketed unwashed, is article in says, "It the easy Brower is only of example one hapwhat isslobs, favorite sport ravagwhose to that prove Hale, Patrick Nathan in the pening in world which we little girls polioing stomping and Paul Henry, Revere, George Washlive, the world the which youth ofvictims best death; the to our alington, Franklin, Benjamin and faces, fundamentals are slipping how into all for maturityyouth coming else every one to care most you away, there has decline how a been like freshthe people world young include national our heroes among in the basic standards, a demoralride, rollercoaster a dizzyingfrom square. a was Think they what ization. states this: then he And blurred, nothwith everythingwith said might they not have had been in "Back Twain's day, Mark clear, standards. positiveing with no squares. 'square'of the finest one was words

in our language. You gave a man "Nathan Hale: Me spy on the

a square deal if you were honest. British! Are you kidding? Do you

And you gave him a square meal know what they do with spies the) when he was hungry. When you got catch? I'll give you a flash, chum

out of debt you were square with the They hang them.

world. And that was when you "Paul Revere: What do you mean

could look your fellow man squarely ride through every Middlesex vilin the eye. lage? And in the middle of the night

"Then a lot of strange characters yet. Why me? Am I the only man

got hold of this honest, wholesome in Boston who has a horse?

word, bent it all out of shape, and "Patrick Henry: Sure I'm for libgave it back to our children. Now erty—first, last and always. But

everyone knows what a square is. we've got to be a little realistic.

He's the man who never learned to We're a pretty small outfit. If we

get away with it. A Joe who volunstart pushing the British around

teers when he doesn't have to. A someone is going to get hurt.

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"George Washington: Gentlemen, Expenditures for all cultural activi-

I am honored. But try someone ties have increased seventy percent

else—say General Gates. I'm just in the past ten years. Since the turn

getting things organized at Mount of the century, the percentage of our

Vernon. Also you might say I alpopulation that has graduated from

ready served my time. Against the high school is up ten times, and the

French, you know. percentage that has gone to college

"Benjamin Franklin: What we is up seven times.

really need as Ambassador to France But the greatest thing that has is a young man. I'm 70years-old. It's happened is that our nation has a

time a new generation took over."whole new set of heroes. Their

Well, that's not so funny. Pernames are Cooper, Glenn, Shepard,

haps it is significant that such men, and others. These lads grew up to

such patriots, that what they actually be squares, for who but a square did say has been quietly sneaked out would volunteer his life for his of the school books of today. Is that country? They are not even ashamed

a challenge for the leaders of youth ord, nineteen of them perished, not of their feelings. John Glenn says

in this Church? This Week Magafrom external conquest, but from the he gets a funny feeling down inside

zine recently surveyed history books evaporation of belief within. Today, when he sees the flag go by.

issued before 1920 and compared our country still has a choice. I Can you inspire that same feeling

them with those being used today, believe it has already begun to make in the youth whom you direct?

issued since 1920. that choice. Gatherings such as this Imagine that. He's proud of his

Nathan Hale said, "I regret that I give me hope. I believe it is going small town, proud of his small colhave but one life to give for my back to its old beliefs in such things lege, proud that he is associated with

country,"in eleven of the old textas ideas, pride, patriotism, loyalty, scouting. I wish you could have

books, but in only one of the new devotion, and even hard work and seen Cooper come onto the stand textbooks. Patrick Henry said, faith in God. at the annual meeting of the Boy

"Give me liberty or give me death"Yes, the struggle is on, and it's Scouts in New York City last month, in twelve out of the fourteen earlier very real. Our great leader sees it surrounded by hundreds and thoutexts, but in only two out of the clearly. Let me quote further his sands of leaders of boys. Then

fortyfive recent texts. But John words. "Some of our boys and girls to have them bring onto the platPaul Jones set the record. He said, think the standards of moralitv have form, as a surprise, Cooper's scoutchanged,"said President McKay. master of years ago, and to see those

"The standard of morality of the two men throw their arms around

Latterday Saint boy and girl will each other as they thought back to never change. Standards of the outthe day of that Scout troop.

side may change, may be lowered, Mr. Brower suggests that we all

and that influence may penetrate join the S.O.S.—the Society of

our social organization, but our Squares.

standards must be maintained. Our Some three or four years ago I

boys and girls must know these had the honor of addressing the Nastandards. On whom rests this retional Youthpower Congress of

sponsibility? The MIA with its young rural boys and girls in a great

classwork and with its activities of auditorium in Chicago. It was a

music, dance, sports, and dramathrilling experience. Only the other

all tend to make for our young peoday I received from my good friend, ple (and for those who like to stay Charles B. Shuman, head of our

young) a very complete and desirable greatest farm organization, his feel- "I have not yet begun to fight,"in way of life."ings after facing this group of young

nine of the old books and in none of Yes, I think there are indications men at another National Youththe new books. that there is being a slow reversal power Congress, and he said, "DeIs this a challenge? Today's back to these basic fundamental conspite the 'twist,'farout slang and

world! Today's world is warped. We cepts. Twenty years ago half of hot rod cars, today's teenagers are

must give direction to our young us belonged to churches, but today America's greatest national resource people. When Dwight D. Eisensixty-four percent of us belong. I—our best hope for the future. They

hower was President, he appointed realize that some churches have are energetic, imaginative, enthusi- a Committee on National Goals to watered down their beliefs in the astic, capable and optimistic—they

decide where we were going. Perdivine mission of Jesus Christ. They have what it takes to straighten out

haps a first step should be a comno longer accept him as the Rethe mess that the present generation mission on National Heritage to deemer of the world and the Savior has made of things, providing we make sure we remember where we of mankind, but it is heartening to give them half a chance. And what

have been. know that sixtyfour percent of our a mess it is—suspicion and hatred

May I remind you that of the people are affiliated. There are fifty in a world divided into two

twentyone notable civilizations that percent more symphony orchestras armed camps, a threehundred- have existed, of which we have rectoday than there were ten years ago. ( Continued on page 701

AUGUST 1963 073 On my desk lies a check, but not an ordinary one. It is headed "Library

Bank, Any City."The next line reads,

"Pay to the order of Any Child."The

amount is "Unlimited Resources."In the

lower lefthand corner are the words, "For Information, Fun, Inspiration."

The check is signed "Your Library."

This "check"is drawn on the public library, but good books, from whatever source, can help a family attain its maximum in wholesome and joyous living.

There is perhaps some truth to the phrase appearing in a professional magazine that "too many exaggerated claims have been made as to what literature is accomplishing in the lives of American boys and girls."1 We should not expect

books and reading to work miracles.

And yet, as the author goe on to point out, books can offer a great potential for meeting some of the human relations needs of children. We cannot

know at what point which book may so stir the imagination as to give direction to the entire course of a person's life.

Books strengthen and enrich individual and family life in many ways.

A book placed unobtrusively in a child's hands can sometimes do much toward bringing about new understandBooks and Family Living ingswith ofothers.himselfReadingand betterencouragesrelationshipshim

to identify his own problems—problems

he may have sensed but not wanted to confide to parents or admit even to himself. Most of the problems facing boys

and girls today can be found in books, with ways in which some particular child or children solved them. Many

youngsters recognize character traits of people in books as good or bad and relate them to their own emotions and behavior. The realization that book

characters, real or fictional, have met difficulties successfully is encouraging, and their solutions may suggest satisfactory answers to young readers.

BY ANNIE LAURIE VON TUNGELN Reading can clarify children's ideas of a world that sometimes seems hostile or

JThe Instructor, Dansville, N.Y., November 1953,

"Children Get Real Joy from Reading,"by Frannie C.

Hunn, p. 25.

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unfriendly and help them realize that they are not When difficulties must be faced or when tensions alone in it. arise in the home, one member is very apt to say,

Parents, too, can help their boys and girls in the "Well, come then."The whole family usually bursts

selection of books to meet particular needs. Most into laughter, and the clouds clear quickly.

librarians and teachers are glad to make suggestions There is much truth in the words of a sign in a to parents; they are often familiar with just the "right"book store, "When we are collecting books, we are

book at the right time for a youngster. collecting happiness."Reading offers more than fun,

Good reading can help children develop and mainbut fun is an important aspect of it. Children like

tain ideals that will guide them throughout their laughter. Books can develop a sense of humor that

lives. We cannot know how many young hearts will stand a child in good stead all his life, and enjoywere fired by Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's ment with an adult of an amusing story can bring

Cabin, but there is little doubt that it implanted the about a wonderful spirit of comradeship. "A child

great ideal of freedom in many. Children sometimes will follow you a long way once he has laughed

identify with a book character or great person about with you."3

whom they read as well as a noble cause or ideal and Books contribute to wholesome home life not only are inspired to try to emulate an Albert Schweitzer, by developing in children values to live by and en- a Clara Barton, or a Robert Frost. Thus, books can hancing family fellowship but also by encouraghelp youngsters decide on their life work or on an ing learning.

avocation. Such encouragement can come from readReading has been called "the basis of all educaing biography and fiction in which young heroes and tion."4 It broadens a child's outlook and tends to

heroines follow certain interests as well as from books sharpen his observation and sets* him thinking. It

designed specifically to give information on careers. can lead to experiment and research. It enlarges his

Books often fulfil a need for quiet. In a good interest in people, their motives and actions and helps

article about teaching children in a polio ward to him to know the human heart.

love reading, the author stated that in so far as she Reading is a creative experience, for when a child was able to determine, time was never set aside in reads, he is communicating with another human mind, the homes from which the children came for "quiet and the requirements for his own participation are aloneness."2 The need for quiet in most of the chilmuch greater than those of radio or television. Creadren, she continued, was a hunger "close to starvation."tive material isn't necessarily imaginative. Many

Books can help children to discover the land of excellent books in factual and scientific fields have "makebelieve"and continue, as they grow older, to been published within the last few years. Explorabe an incentive to the imagination. It is perfectly tion under the sea and among the stars, discovery of

legitimate, too, that, as in the case of adults, reading the ages of man, a particular event or period in should serve now and then as an escape from reality. history as the Crusades or early American life, the

In many homes "quiet togetherness"is as important mystery of seed germination or of a leaf or a raindrop as quiet aloneness. Reading together in the home can all lead to wonder and interest.

can enrich family association and bring members Good reading helps children develop language abilcloser together than almost any other diversion. Few ity—a command of words and sensitivity to their

joys equal that of sharing something from a book one power and beauty. Discussion of what is read, if it is

loves with other members of the family. Bits oi spontaneous on the child's part, also improves general

humor—"funbits,"as one little boy called them—and language skills. Poetry can not only furnish much

words and phrases with book connotations can bejoy and point up the spirit of the moment—as when

come part of family life. snowflakes cover the earth, or the circus comes to

In one family of my acquaintance the words, "Well, town, or Thanksgiving fills the air—but it can also

come then,"have great significance. They are taken give valuable ear training in the use of words.

from the old folk tale "The Three Billy Goats Gruff."Most parents do not have to be convinced of the

You will recall that after the two small billy goats value of reading in enriching family living. They are

had maneuvered to get across the bridge under which eager to help their children develop respect and love a terrible troll lived, the troll said to the biggest goat for good books.

Gruff, "I'm coming to eat you up."The big billy goat There are many ways (Continued on page 680)

replied in the classic sentence, "Well, come then."*NEA Journal, December 1954, "The Hills Beyond,"by Frances

Sayers, p. 550.

2The PTA Magazine, April 1954, "Reading Is More Than Fun,"by 'Home, JulySept. 1956, "Good Reading Is Fun,"by Frances S.

Elizabeth O. Jones. Lovell, p. 17.

AUGUST 1963 675 1 When we try to buy things which are beyond our financial means in order to keep pace with our neighbors, we are frequently accused of trying to "keep up with the Joneses."

Obviously, such vain action is indefensible. But in a much larger sense too many

do little or nothing more than just keep up with our neighbors. As long as we are

doing about as well as our immediate colleagues, we seem to be satisfied. Such

satisfaction with mediocrity would appear to give justification to the following three statements for consideration: (1) Most of us tend to do minimum requirements in life—

and no more; (2) such minimal efforts affect us now and in the life hereafter; (3) we

should start now to set definite, realistic, but challenging goals for ourselves.

We tend to do no more than minimum requirements. This statement is exemplified at nearly every turn in life; for example, a schoolteacher from a western

community soon noticed that some of his really talented and brilliant students were just coasting, not putting forth their best effort. Since the basic assignment had to

be within the reach of the majority of the students, it was difficult to make an additional assignment for these gifted students without appearing to be unfair. After

careful consideration, he invited them to come see him after class. Explaining as

clearly as he could, he pointed out that since they had more ability, they could not expect to go on just keeping up with the others, that they would have to go a little farther, do additional probing, and give evidence of using their superior intelligence if they expected to continue to get top grades. Many of the students heeded this

warning and made an honest effort to improve the quality and quantity of their work, but several did not—and were rewarded with lower grades at the end of the

report period. The teacher was confronted almost immediately with not only the

penalized students but with their parents as well.

"You are being unjust,"declared one upset mother. "He has done his assignments

and has done well on his tests. It just isn't fair!"

"Perhaps,"replied the teacher, "but let's see. Your son is about five feet tall

and weighs about one hundred fifteen pounds. His closest friend is about three inches

taller and weighs at least twenty pounds more. If this class were one in which the

students were required to load sacks of cement into a truck, would I be fair in

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..,.,,*:

NOT

ENOUGH

E. MCPH1Erequiring your son to load as many sacks as his buddy who is ASSISTANTBY DR. WALTERPROFESSOR OF EDUCATION

bigger and stronger?"BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

"No, I guess not, but I don't see...."

"Let me try another example, then. Suppose for a moment AFTER JULY 1963 MEMBER US EDUCATION

that this class were put into a room filled with silver dollars TEAMADDIS ATABABA,HAILE ETHIOPIASELASSIE UNIVERSITY, and the students were told that they could keep as much money MEMBER BYU THIRD STAKE HIGH COUNCIL as they could remove within a given time limit. Suppose, also,

that your son were gifted with speed, agility, and goodsized hands while other students were relatively slow, clumsy, and had hands which could hold only a very few dollars at a time.

Would I be fair if I limited your son to the amount of money the slower students were able to remove from the room?"

"Of course not,"said the mother who was beginning to see the point.

"Neither am I justified,"concluded the teacher, "in encouraging your son to take less out of this class than that of which he is intellectually capable. But when he can earn top grades

for minimal effort—even though he is keeping up with slower

students—I am doing just that."

The example given above is not just one isolated case; it

is representative of conditions that exist all too often. The

unfortunate part of the story is the realization that the poor attitude of the gifted students, unless forcibly changed, would most likely stay with them and become part of their character.

The writer has rarely witnessed college students who were willing to go beyond absolute course requirements—as if the requirements were the ends in themselves, rather than the means to

the ends.

Students in schools are not our only source of examples of mediocrity, however. Look about us. In any twentyfour hour

AUGUST 1963 677 period one can easily see laborers who do only as in some endeavor? Which of our earthly parents

much as they absolutely have to, waitresses who give would have feelings other than pride in seeing the only a bare minimum of service and who smile only gap narrowed between their own skills and abilities if the tip is large enough, gas station attendants who and those of their children? If, then, with all of the

ignore dirty windows or a partially deflated tire, weaknesses found in mortal parents, they can still schoolteachers or college professors who enter the sense pride in the accomplishments and progress of classroom only half prepared (or not at all), politicians their offspring, why should anyone believe that our and public servants who do only the showy things Father in heaven, in perfection, would be less dethat are apt to aid in getting them reelected, etc., etc. lighted under similar circumstances? Would he not

Nor does the Church escape the evils of "just keepwant his children to excel? Would he be pleased to

ing up with the Joneses."If our neighbor ad libs see his children accomplish less than that of which

through her MIA, Primary, or Sunday School lesson they are capable—based on the flimsy excuse that

and gets away with it, why should we do more? If to excel would infringe on his realm of perfection?

some of the teachers don't go to preparation meetThe Savior was not speaking idly when he exhorted ings, if some board members do not carry out their the people to be perfect "... even as (their) Father in

responsibilities, why should we? If Elder Brown heaven...."(Matt. 5:48.)

doesn't pay a full tithing or if Sister Black doesn't Thus it becomes apparent that minimal efforts slow keep the Sabbath day holy, then why not do likewise? us down in this life and, since life is eternal and we

Proliferating the above examples would serve no take into the next life that which we have developed purpose. There appears to be little doubt that there in this life, our lazy habits will be detrimental in

is a tendency for us to put forth a minimum effort in the life hereafter. It would appear that our Father

nearly everything we do. in heaven will be less interested in how well we have

Minimum effort affects us now and in the life kept pace with our neighbors and more interested in hereafter. Our ability to progress in this life grows how well we have kept pace with our own potentialion a foundation of previous experience, successful or ties. "... for unto whomsoever much is given, of

otherwise. When we do less than our abilities will him shall be much required:..."(Luke 12:48.)

permit, we are not as well prepared for future enWe need to start now to remedy the situation.

counters with life as we might have been; nor have Since most of us fall into the category of those who

we used our previous experience to full advantage. expend minimal effort only, there is a tendency for

Thus, each assignment or task in life becomes an no one to do anything about it. We comfort ouropportunity for advancement, a chance to develop selves in the knowledge that there are vast numand progress. The degree of advancement, developbers who do as we do. If we are ever to break the

ment, or progression depends on the effort expended. bonds of mediocrity, however, we should commence

Some of us wish to rationalize when confronted immediately. This is perhaps best illustrated with a

with the above line of thinking. Some would even story told by a prominent psychiatrist. One of his

suggest that to do things too well is in some mysterious wealthy patients who was seriously disturbed adway immoral and sinful. It is reported that some time mitted, after much therapy and probing, that he had

ago one of the Eastern members of the United Nations quit school before graduating, and that he had always wished to give a gift to that important international retained an insatiable desire to get a college degree.

body. Being a country noted for its fine weavers, "You're wealthy,"said the psychiatrist. "Why don't

it was decided that an exquisite rug would be repreyou go back to school and get that degree?"

sentative and in order. The very best craftsmen, in "What?"asked the patient. "Doctor, do you realize

the nation were summoned and given the task. They how long it would take me to do that? At least six

worked painstakingly to produce a magnificent work years. I'm fortyfour years old now. Do you know

of art. When it was finished, we are informed, it how old I would be when I finish? Fifty! I'd be fifty

was perfect—except for one intentional flaw. The years old!"

weavers, out of respect for Deity, purposely made one "But tell me,"replied the sage psychiatrist, "how error, since only God had the right to be perfect. old will you be six years from now if you don't go

One cannot help respecting the humility and sinback to school? Doesn't it come out about the same

cerity of both the weavers and the contestant, but this either way?"

does not mean that their reasoning is necessarily Many of us, like the patient in the illustration, sound. Which of our earthly mothers or fathers rationalize that since we have failed in one way or

would not rejoice in seeing their son or daughter excel another in the past, (Continued on page 685)

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Better Late than Never BY FRANK E. CALL around it. It felt good there; just seemed to fit my

hand. I put it into my pocket, and it seemed to feel

good there too; and I thought, "Elmer will not

remember where he left his knife, so I'll just keep it."But Elmer did know where he had left his knife,

and when he missed it, he came back for it. I was

still there alone, but by now I had begun to think of it as mine, and I was not willing to give it up. So

I broke another commandment. I lied. I denied

that I had the knife. Elmer knew I had it, of course,

but he went away without it, and now I had broken another commandment. I had stolen.

Not long after this, and before I had fully repented, we lost our home in Mexico because of the revolution, and I never saw Elmer again till two

I visited the little town in Mexico A.*-* years ago when

where we had lived and where Elmer, now a little

Fiftyfive years ago I was living in a little colony old man bent with age and partially crippled by of Mormon people in the state of Chihuahua, Mexico. rheumatism, still lived. I went to see Elmer. He

My father owned a small grocery store, and I, though had, of course, forgotten the incident of the knife, barely tall enough to see over the counter, but I had not; in fact, this incident had haunted me

helped clerk. all through the intervening years. Try as I would

I had been taught reverence for truth and honesty; I could not forget that I had committed a sin far,

that stealing was among the lowest of sins, and that far beneath the standards of the Church, beneath the lying was even worse; but in a weak moment I did teachings of my parents,- and unworthy of a man

both. I was at the store alone when a customer, a holding the Lesser Priesthood. I lost that knife and

man whom I knew well, came in and bought owned and lost several others over the years. I had

bananas. In those days bananas came on the original good knives and poor knives, small knives and large

stalk, not cut up into hands as at present. This knives, but they all reminded me of Elmer and

stalk, weighing perhaps seventyfive pounds, was what I had done.

suspended on a rope from the ceiling. Bananas were Though Elmer did not remember the knife incicut from the stock as the customer wanted them. dent, he did remember the little store and my father—

On this occasion the knife used for cutting them of whom he spoke highly. He even remembered the

had been misplaced, so the customer, Elmer Thayne, little guy who used to work behind the counter. I

offered me his knife to do the cutting. After Elmer related to him the story of the knife and the remorse

had gone, I found the knife still lying on the counter. I had felt through all those years; then I presented

I picked it up and noticed that it was brand new with him a good pearlhandled knife that I had taken long, slender, shiny blades—sharp like razors. As along for that very purpose. Elmer looked at me

I held it in my hand, I made the first step in the kindly, accepted the knife, and with a twinkle in his wrong direction, I broke one of the ten commandeye, said, "Brother Call, will you please accept this ments. I coveted that knife. I closed my hand knife as a gift from me?"

AUGUST 1963 679

Books and Family Living ment is a priceless heritage. A child their minds and to enjoy books writwho sees his parents read and obten in language beyond their reading

( Continued from page 675 serves that they receive enjoyment ability but which involve exciting from the written word will in all ideas and activities that they are in which they can help. probability like to read. able to understand.

Most important, they can make Reading aloud to a child and enThe very presence of books often reading a vital part of the family couraging him to make comments whets interest. A librarian had the

pattern of living. "Books and most can send him far on the road to habit of putting a book that she

children are natural friends that becoming an interested reader. thought would be appealing on a

cordial only bringingneed shelf in the secjuvenile odd to to little continue read toParents should gether."environreading 3 A good library. dition of the never She children, to they begin even after

5Saturday Evening Post, December 12, 1959, read for themselves. This gives rected attention to it unless it was

"Must They Spoil Children's Books?"by J. C. youngsters an opportunity to stretch mentioned to her, but many of theFurnas.

children rushed to the spot when they came in from school. One day

she forgot about the book. A little

boy dashed up to her and asked, "Hi! What's the blueplate special

A FUTURE WHERE LOVED forParents,today?"too, should make books

available. child should Every have ONES WAIT of his very books at least a few own

to treasure and a place to keep them.

It is important also for parents to

RICHARD I. EVANS provide children a time and a place where they may be alone and read

if wish. they says she mother One face the irrevocable they often see people bereaved and wonder howWe will forget satisfaction the never she

lifefact. on, fact is goes face the because that they it because and But

as a reading in a child from is that all received fact to face therethe awareness it with an face. And they

tree parents'in her big apple shall all of the ultimate eventualifaceof us face circumstances; such us will

city their offers Since orchard. hometies. all life leave or leave ones, loved our loved ones day one and We tree, she her apple and husbandus, as "In no on, must, must. can, calmly and because go we we we as we aside set in their cothave modest

... the of the traveled thoughtsevery narrow age on have beyond men

bounds of mortal life,"wrote a distinguished writer, "and, while the tage a small room known as "the mystery of death has been deeply and often tragically felt, it has never quiet spot,"where the children been accepted as a finality in human experience.... The tide of vitality may read.

in the heart and soul of man... sweeps past the mystery of death and on Although parents cannot be exto the thorough have pected knowl-."shallinto [then] the undiscovered world beyond. we think x "How

children's of that books edge... tell thatof the of the I think think dead.... I can dead? you how.. I

there are no dead; I think that there is no death;... that life goes on librarians and teachers have, they

unbroken by what we call death.... I think"of death as a glad awakening can help in winnowing out "creative,

from this... life; as an emancipation from a world which, beautiful honest, and usable books."They

though it be, is still a land of captivity; as a graduation from this primary should accompany youngsters to the

department into some higher rank... of learning. I think of the dead public library to acquaint them with

as possessing a more splendid equipment for a larger life of diviner its wonders and to check books until service than was possible to them on earth—a life in which I shall in due they are old enough to have their

time join them if I am counted worthy of their fellowship in the life own reading cards.

eternal...."2 It is this that sustains us as our loved ones leave—not the The inscription for the Children's

immortality of memory only, or of deeds, or of posterity, but the immorReading Room at Hopkinton, Massatality of a literal personal continuance. And so we come again to reaffirmation chusetts, written by Emilie Poulsson

of faith—faith in the eternal continuance of truth, of intelligence, of personsums up very nicely the joy and help

ality, of progress—faith in the eternal plan and purpose of our Father in that books can bring to individuals

heaven who made us in his own image, and whose intent it is that we and to families:

should have everlasting life with our loved ones, with family and friends.

With such assurance we can face the loss of loved ones with blessed "Books are keys to wisdom's precious memories, and not too much to mourn. As Henry de Lafayette treasure;

Webster said: "There is a future, O thank God!"3—a future where our loved Books are keys to lands of

ones wait. pleasure; iEditorial, The Outlook, March 29, 1902. Books are paths that up2Dr. Lyman Abbott, How Shall We Think of the Dead?, January 4, 1902.

3Henry de Lafayette Webster, Lorena. ward lead;

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia Books are friends. Come,

Broadcasting System, May 26, 1963. Copyright 1963. let us read."

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA See how a talent can grow* Whenever you admire the work of a For fortynine years, this school has professional artist, remember this. He been discovering and developing talent.

was once just an amateur. Like all skills Former students are now active

and aptitudes, a talent for drawing will throughout the art field—as advertising

grow if fostered and developed. artists, cartoonists, illustrators and porArnold Friberg was fourteen when he trait or mural painters.

enrolled in a home study art course with Does a career in art—parttime or

Art Instruction Schools. Ever since then, fulltime—appeal to you? If you like to

his progress has been swift and sure. draw, you may have talent worth trainHis paintings of the colorful Northwest ing. Professional artists on the Art

have been widely used in advertising. Instruction teaching staff can give you

Crude sketch that Arnold Friberg More recently he has specialized in the necessary guidance. Art textbooks,

made when he was just a schoolboy. religious art. Public exhibitions of his illustrated in color, and stepby-step

canvases for The Ten Commandments lesson assignments are furnished. Each

aroused tremendous interest. student receives the same individual

The home study art course taken by attention and encouragement.

Arnold Friberg began with a grounding Before you make any decision, take in art fundamentals. This was followed the Art Talent Test the school will send

by more specialized work. In Friberg's you without cost or obligation. You take

painthis Friberg onBelow: at work it for a return at test then of the home; the kind needs beginner any on opinion, Joshuaing of Moses talent. of your estimate professional got he from encouragement guidance and of large canvasesMount Nebo—oneconsecrating talent worth have out if you Schools, Find America's now B. Cecil DeMille Art Instructioncommissioned now by

to guide the filming of the motion largest home study art school. training. Mail the coupon today.

picture, The Ten Commandments.

ART INSTRUCTION SCHOOLS, 500 South 4th Street, Minneapolis 15, Minn.

Studio I M 83 Please send me your Talent Test without cost or obligation. AS'//ART INSTRUCTION SCHOOLS (PLEASE PRINT)

Name, Occupation. Age J+9 years of discovering and developing talent Address Apt. City Zone.

County State.

(fit) Accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the National Home Study Council.

A Home to Go to be? You adorable, stubborn little it, turned on the light, looked about,

woman."and even turned the bed down for

(Continued from page 664) "I'm not little, and I'm not stubher as she said, "I hate to leave you born. I had to be strongwilled to here alone."

smiled, slightly, "I don't like to be raise a headstrong family, especially Melinda laughed, "That's silly.

around such old people."after your father died. Don't expect This is my home, remember. I don't

They all laughed. But to herself me to change all of a sudden. I still feel alone. All I really need is one

the woman was thinking: I cant have a mind of my own, and I have a of you to live just a little closer than

decide. Maybe it is you who can't house and lot to think of. I can't you do."

decide which one should take me, just up and leave everything.""I know. But none of us do, so

where I would be the least "Oh, we're not asking you to move you just be getting ready."

bother.... tomorrow. We'll take care of all Just like that, Melinda thought,

She knew it wasn't because they the details, you just relax,"Donald move out, leave your home, everydidn't want her. Not really. When assured her. "Now, you look tired, thing youve worked for, lived for,

she heard them talking at Donald's we'd better take you home, unless move into a newfangled house with home a few nights later, she underyou would like to stay here tonight."gadgets for everything. Move to

stood their problems. Donald said, He looked to his wife, questionsomeone else's tune. But what else

"I'm afraid the children will make was there for her to do? She

too much noise for her in that north couldn't hold out against all of them.

room. And that's really the only STUDY IN RELATIVITY Melinda looked at the large, walplace we have right now."BY MAUDE LUDINGTON CAIN nut, fourposter bed, and knew she

Ellen said, "Of course, my bedcould never sleep as well in any other in the world. Never. is bed upstairs, shouldn't sheroom and is is large? small? What What It less later than was weeks two stairs. loveclimb But I would to is tall, this towering redwood, Here

that to Flora over and Jean came her. that, don'thave You know I, its stroking giant bole Here am tell help her they to her had comeyou, Mother?"here butterfly—golden is a And start packing. Melinda, pretendbeen had who alive as as the day, Each summer

is use, "Procrastination no Mama,"in interest theing while newspaper I, will, alive they. as as with And my all said daughter, her the "and with like discussed herthe others some I their can speak who and names stuff it will you've accumulated, to bartered back be andcommodity know

it."to take time through goforth, said, "What?"genus each The they and of how

"You know I would love to have grow, Melinda tried to protest, but they you live with me, don't you? We Cannot push the tree away soon had her on the front porch gowould get along just fine."Nor bid the lovely insect stay; ing through a box of "trivia"as Flora

called out throw it. "Just together what you got along "Well, we for I tree cannot pull the to me actually keep,"to have she years,"hertwentytwo mother anthe butterfly go with Nor wide and don't

swered sagely, "but you have a free, told her.

husband. I'm not his mother, and Nor bend the tree to my human will Trivia! Rose petals from her

I'm pretty old, pretty set in Nor follow the butterfly over the hill. bridal bouquet, browned and falling

my ways."Let me be humble, humbler than to pieces in the small Bible where

Ellen, who belonged to more all—she had kept them; a locket her

first their social life than given herclubs on had and had more I who am neither winged nor tall. husband

.. off, anniversary theirthe others, tossed. with the wedding words

easily, "Of course, dear. But the fact pictures inside, each looking sober

remains, you would be welcome if and posed, but young and handwe had a bedroom downstairs."ingly. She shrugged, saying, "The some, both of them; letters; the piece

The conversation went on until guest room isn't made up, but I of crisscross-embroidered cloth she

Flora told them, "Well, it seems to could manage it."had made in school; clippings of

me then, that the only place for Melinda stood up, "Thanks. But recipes, of poems; their wedding

her is with me. She can visit with I want to go home."announcements; a small, family

you others, of course. She will be Flora said, "We'll take you. And portrait... all the children when

quite free to come and go and do don't look so unhappy; all we're they were small and dependent,

as she pleases. But we must have trying to do is look out for you. and wondereyed about her knee.

someone with her at nights."You may as well make up your mind Which, except the recipes, could

"I suppose you ought to ask my to it."she throw away? What didn't she

opinion of all this,"her mother said, "I know. But I've been looking actually have to keep?

laying the paper down, a slight out for you. It seems strange to be She closed the box and set it on

quiver in her voice that she hated suddenly no use to anybody... the chair, got up, and went into the

to admit. It was one of the signs not able to help."house. Looking about, she noticed

of age, this shakiness in voice, the "You'll always be a help to all of that some of the bric-a-brac had swift tears that came occasionally, us,"Donald assured her, as he gone from her marbletop table, and almost unbidden. helped her into her light coat and the whatnot stand; a picture or two

"Well, don't you agree?"Ellen out to the porch. had gone from the wall. At the

asked. "Don't you realize that you And when they reached the house, thought of the walls completely

aren't as young as you used to Flora took her to the door, unlocked bare, the furniture gone from the

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA room, a wrench shook her that was for one day. You rest. We'll see As she watched them go she said

so powerful she almost cried aloud. you tomorrow."to herself, "Won't they be surprised

But she only stood very still for a Her mother nodded, not speaking. tomorrow when I tell them I've demoment to regain her calm, then she When Jean joined her mother and cided not to move."

saw Jean sitting at the kitchen table, they were leaving, Melinda said, The next morning the phone rang.

her head resting on her one hand, "Next time, bring Robin. It's not It was Flora. "I'm sorry, Mama, but

a pencil in the other. fair to leave her home."I forgot I had club today. I just

Melinda walked toward her. "Well, it was for your own sake. can't come over. And tomorrow I've

"What are you doing that demands We thought it might be hard for promised to go to town with Ellen.

such serious concentration?"you to have her."But then, I suppose there isn't any

Jean smiled, shrugging, "Oh, just "That child does me more good particular hurry, is there?"

trying to figure up our bills, and than she ever does harm, rememHer mother hesitated and then how we'll ever get enough money ber that."said quietly, "No, dear, there is no

saved to buy a house. You're worried about losing one; we're worried

about getting one."

Unthinking, her grandmother asked, "Would you like this one?"Jean replied quickly, "Oh, heav- A NEW FILMSTRIP

ens, I didn't mean that."

"I know you didn't, child. Or I

would never have said it. Do you?"

"Well, Grandma, you know I've always loved it, and loved coming here, but we just couldn't afford it.

And besides, well, I'd have to talk it over with Bill... I wish you

didn't have to move. But I guess you

get pretty lonesome here alone, and someone ought to be nearer to you."

Her grandmother bit her lower lip, "I guess there are worse things than being lonesome."

She walked through the kitchen door, out into the large, oldfashioned yard with lilacs, yellow roses, phlox, grass that wasn't as wellcared for as some in town but green and lush under the plum and apple trees.

She was about to go back when her eye caught something in the trash can. There lay the maxim

that had hung on her wall for fifty years. She picked it up. It was

oldfashioned with its wreaths of roses in each corner, and the words, "Bless This House,"printed in large fancy letters, but it was hers, it was part of her home, of her life.

Her first instinct was to go angrily in the bedroom where Flora was going on with more of her changing, For more information write to Department of AudioVisual but she thought better of it, and Communications, Brigham Young University for fullcolor waited until she could go calmly, brochure or send $7.50 for complete set including film strip

"You'd better quit now, dear. You'd and record.

better go home. I want to rest.

You've done enough for one day,"Most of us will never have an opportunity to visit the she told her daughter in one places "Where Jesus Walked"except through vicarious swift breath. experiences. This new filmstrip, "Where Jesus Walked,"

Flora lifted her head from the job will provide all members of the family with a vital insight of dusting the pictures she had taken into the life and times of the Only Begotten Son of God.

from the wall, hesitated, then said, "Well, perhaps we have done enough

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

AUGUST 1963 663 hurry at all. You see, I'm not going "Come in, come in,"called her like any trouble with the other

to move. I'm going to stay here."greatgrandmother. "I just knew you grandchildren... and..."

"But Mother... I thought we had were coming, so I started to make "And besides,"Melinda interit all decided."some cookies. You can help me sift rupted, "you should have a newer

"You did."the flour."house. Why settle for something

"Well, we'll have to talk about it "Otay,"agreed the child, followwhere someone else has made all later. Now, I've got to rush."There ing her to the kitchen, climbing up the memories. I've got a better

seemed almost a note of relief in on the sturdy, ladderback chair. idea."

her voice. Bless her, Melinda Jean said, "Should you?"and "Really?'

"Yes. to I'm not going to move. the right shethought, do wanted I scoffed, course Melinda "Of

.."I. as well shething. But knew as I should. the can light oven if You

it "Oh, easy. need Grandma. now, that You wouldn'tdid be

to."you want

close."someone hour later, came an Jean About

they were all about the When yes. fist "Close, the same small But not in her knockingwith Robin

against the screen door as she called, table concerned with the chocolate house."

"Mom-a, it's me,"as though it were chip cookies, Jean said, "About the "But none of us live close enough the most important thing in the house, Grandma... Jim and I to get here in a hurry,"the girl

world—as in truth it was. talked it over, and we wouldn't argued gently.

"Not now."Jean laughed. "That's what we're

talking about."

"Not entirely,"the woman assured her, putting the flour into a sifter

Robin's guiding hand.

mean?"do you ITHE COMMENCEMENT: THE "FINAL"and"What Jean quesSPOKEN WORD i EXAMINATION FOLLOWS tioned her, looking at her as though

worried that her mind might be wandering a bit.

Her grandmother gave what RICHARD L. EVANS might be termed a giggle, as she

responded, "Oh, I'm in my right

There are some thoughts that suggest themselves for those who are comsenses all right. And being of

pleting the efforts of acquiring credentials and are moving on to find their sound mind, I have decided to give future. First, the finishers in life are entitled to some kind of special you and Jim the east portion of this

citation. What a good thing it is to finish a good thing—to follow through. lot, where you can build, and have

Then there is the swiftness with which the year has passed—and future a home of your own."

years will also move with such swiftness, increasingly so, which suggests "But Grandma, what about the the need for making early and solid decisions—for Commencement is simply others?"

what it says: a place from, which to begin to go. Men were meant to work "They've all got homes. And I

willingly, to pursue good purposes, to produce more than they consume, have a right to do as I please. In

to respect the strength and soundness that conte with solvency, to be a return you will be close by, and participating part—in short, to be profitable and not "unprofitable servsort of keep an eye on me."

ants"1 within and outside the scriptural sense. Service is never quite "Oh, it would be wonderful. I've

convenient. Nothing that interferes with comfort or pleasure or personal always loved this location, with the

preference is ever quite convenient. But we have to learn to sacrifice hills so close, and the fields. We

convenience and personal preferences, if we are to be effective and could get a loan, then, without a big "profitable"in the sincerest sense. We have to learn also to take pressures. down payment. Eventually, we could

The pressures of life exceed the pressures of school, because they are much pay you."

more varied, much more "final,"much more intense at times. After Com- "Shush and nonsense. I'm not gomencement the problems are no longer theoretical, no longer hypothetical ing to be needing that green stuff.

or mere paper problems. There are real and farreaching facts to, face. I'm really selfish in this. You know,

Indeed, in a sense, the socalled "final"examination comes after Com- I think there are worse things than mencement. The honors, the diplomas, the credentials must represent our being lonesome. And one of them

personal ability to perform, must represent what we are, what we know, would be to want to go home and what we can do—if they are to mean much. And so as we leave school not have any home to go to. That's

and enter the dayto-day doing of what we have been preparing to do, we why I want you to have a home, have yet to take the highest test: to prove ourselves to be knowing, undertoo, where you can start making

standing, sincere in service, willing to work, with the good common sense memories."

to stay solvent—and to be profitable servants. The highest test is ahead. "I think you're right, Grandma.

May God help you to pass it—all you who come to Commencement—this You just stay home. And thank

day—and always, into the farthest reaches of the future. you. Thank you."

Robin reached up and kissed the iLuke 17:10. seamed face, and whispered happily,

... Mom-a. You stay home."The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia "Yes

Broadcasting System, June 2, 1963. Copyright 1963. With Robin."

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Keeping up with the Joneses

(Continued from page 678)

it is too late to try to do anything about it. It is never too late to try

to improve ourselves in an eternity.

If we are to make use of our potentialities as our Father in heaven intended us to do, we should start now. Starting later wastes just that

much more of what was potentially ours to achieve.

While perfection is the ultimate goal, our work-a-day and immediate goals need to be realistic—yet

demanding. Requiring absolute perfection immediately would soon

discourage us. On the other hand,

we need to make our goals challenging. We need to make a careful

inventory of ourselves. Have we

been selling ourselves short—too

cheaply? Have we been content

to just keep up with our neighbors?

Or can we do better—superior quality and more quantity? We may not

be able to achieve perfection today, but if we are able to do more than are doing, are not movwe then we better with Fresh or canned, good fruit tastes U & I Sugar as perfectioning should toward we canners that commercial and have... foundthe homegrown,is unsurpassed.homepro- sugar duced homemakersand could. If we can do more, we

need to—now, today!

mSpeaking of Business"is Don MY SPACE SHIP C. Woodward's

BY HARRIET B. SHATRAW daily column on

the business page My flightship need not conquer of your Deseret space News and Above the void of sky; Telegram. It's

If I can launch my earthbound craft, a column filled

I'll travel just as high; with the latest

For space is but the reach between news on..An unknown world and ours, appointments

Whose fields may be but barren company... new ground earnings

..Or carpeted with flowers. businesses

.. But go I must and touch that world, construction

Long capsuled in a dream, product

That waits beyond the countdown developments thrust, and everything Beyond the vapor stream. else that's news

to the business So rise, my ship, to unknown heights man and the

And spheres where I may see stockholder.

The way to span the space between Follow it in your

The world of you and me. family

newspaper..

all fata (gfelegrsim

AUGUST 1963 685

The Law of Chastity have taken on solemn obligations of lenged by any just accuser, for he chastity in the holy temples of the lives above reproach. His cheek is

( Continued from page 667 Lord and who violate those sacred. never blotched with shame, for he

vows by illicit sexual relations with is without sin. He is honored and

others, you not only commit the vile respected by all mankind, for he is brothers in your undertakings; for and loathsome sin of adultery but beyond their censure. He is loved

behold, thou art in thy youth, and break the oath you yourselves made by the Lord, for he stands without ye stand in need to be nourished by with the Lord himself before you blemish. The exaltations of eterniyour brothers. And give heed to went to the altar for your sealing. ties await his coming."1

their counsel. You become subject to the penalties The prophets of God do not stand

"Suffer not yourself to be led away which the Lord has prescribed for alone in proclaiming the merits of by any vain or foolish thing; suffer those who breach their covenants chastity. These scientists who are

not the devil to lead away your with him. delving into the nature of the human

heart again after those wicked har- "Of the harlots and those who visit mind, the effects of the emotions lots. Behold, O my son, how great them God speaks in terms of divine upon health, and deep meaning of

iniquity ye brought upon the Zoracontempt. They are they who have sex are making a great case for

mites; for when they saw your bargained away an eternity of bliss chastity.

conduct they would not believe in for the momentary pleasures of Dr. Richard H. Hoffman, a famous

my words. the flesh. psychiatrist, has declared:

"And now the Spirit of the Lord "The Lord will have only a clean "In psychological terms, modesty doth say unto me: Command thy people. He has said, T will contend is the curb, or throttle we place on

children to do good, lest they lead with Zion and plead with her strong our instinlcts—especially on our sexaway the hearts of many people to ual drives. The ability to control

destruction; therefore I command our emotions and behavior, to impose

you, my son, in the fear of God, VALUES on ourselves a certain restraint, is that ye refrain from your iniquities; BY DEON NETHERCOTT OLSON one of the most important differ-

"That ye turn to the Lord with all ences between man and the animals your mind, might, and strength; that Yes, experience is a great teacher, that crawl on the earth and swing

ye lead away the hearts of no more And our wealth would exceed tons from the trees."2

to do wickedly; but rather return of gold Howard Whitman, one of the bestunto them, and acknowledge your If ive learned all the good from, known writers on scientific and

faults and that wrong which ye have experience sociological subjects, says:

done."(Alma 39:3-13.) And the bad from just "being told.*'"Sex in the marriage bond offers

Always the prophets have promen and women their ultimate role:

claimed God's law in regard to chasto become partners with God in the tity, nor is there any exception in our ones and chasten her until she overcreation of new life. Although reown day. Listen to the words of comes and is clean before me/ ligion always has stressed this, sciliving prophets. The First Presi- (D&C 90:36.) ence today is discovering the deep

dency in a message to the Church "But they who sin may repent and down frustrationsof individuals in said: II repenting, will they forgiveduring World War God of sex is the primary purpose whom

this of said, 'Bedoctrine has them. Church is "The For the Lord the sexual thwarted.... When

that sexual sin—the illicit sexual rehold he who has repented of his sins capability is abused, unhealthily

lations of men and women—stands in the same is forgiven and I the Lord motivated, the creation of new life

its enormity, next to murder. remember them no more.'(Ibid., can be a tragedy. But in the mar-

"The Lord has drawn no essential 58:42.) riage bond, with the healthy motivadistinctions between fornication, "By virtue of the authority in us tion of creation, the same capability

adultery, and harlotry, or prostituvested as the First Presidency of the brings life's richest blessings."3

tion. Each has fallen under his Church, we warn our peoplewho are Director Thelma Whalen of the

solemn and awful condemnation. offending of the degradation, the Family Service of Dallas, Texas,

"You youths of Zion: you cannot wickedness, the punishments that atcomments, "If I could give young

associate in nonmarital illicit sex tend upon unchastity; we urge you people the most priceless gift I could

relationships, which is fornication, to remember the blessings which think of, it would be a talent for and escape the punishments and the flow from the living of the clean waiting."

judgments which the Lord has delife; we call upon you to keep, day There can be no doubt that maclared against this sin. The day of in and day out, the way of the ture love can be our most pure and

reckoning will come just as certainly strictest chastity through which only rewarding emotion—that it is well

as night follows day. They who can God's choice gifts come to you worth waiting for and preserving.

his Spirit palliate abide you. with this crime andwould say and that sex love is without know We

a sinless glorious indulgence lives thethat such is but is he who "How unsatisfying. incomplete, empty, and

gratification of a normal desire, like chaste life. He walks unfearful in Only by living chaste lives can one

appeasing hunger and thirst, speak the glare of the noonday sun, for hope to become like God.

filthiness with their lips. Their he is without moral infirmity. He

counsel leads to destruction; their can be reached by no shafts of 1942.Message of the First Presidency, October 2,

wisdom comes from the father of lies. base calumny, for his armor is withily -'Hoffman,Circle, NovemberRichard H.,1958,Dr.,p. Everywoman's7. Fam- "You husbands and wives who out flaw, his virtue cannot be chal3Idem.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Count the Churches of your denomination which have bought a Hammond Organ

You can, quite literally, count the swelling cathedral sound in the is possible that many of these churches in your area—or in the smallest church. TouchResponse churches will never need to buy

nation—which, with musical needs Percussion and vibrato provide another organ.

akin to your own, decided to buy a beautiful and appropriate effects Mail this coupon, without obligation

Hammond Organ. Simply visit your for the most solemn occasions, or

Hammond Organ dealer. Let him the most joyous.

show you the Hammond InstallaHammond Organ Company 4212 West Diversey Avenue tions directory, above. Get the Moderate Cost

Chicago 39, Illinois names and addresses of as many churches as you want. Then, hear a You can put this complete musical Please send free brochure of

demonstration—and consider these facility (for that is what a Hammond Hammond Organ models.

reasons why thousands of churches Organ is) in your church at prices free booklet send ranging to $4000. Please from about $1000 choose the Hammond:

to describing ways raise money easy, convenient And payment for a Church organ.

Vast Musical Riches plans are available.

Hammond Console and Spinet Low Maintenance Expense Name-—

Organs have almost inexhaustible musical resources, in registrations, After years of regular service, many Address voices and shadings. Even a virtuchurches report no maintenance exoso can always find new effects in penses at all—yet the Hammond OrCity Zone State

the instrument... yet organists of gan still performs like new.

limited experience can immediately produce impressive music. Presets Lasting Satisfaction HAMMOND

and Hammond Harmonic DrawORGANmost glorious voice bars enable any player to achieve Just as its musical capacities can music's rich, impressive music. Hammond seldom be outgrown, a Hammond 1963, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IE 8-S3

Patented Reverberation produces Organ seldom becomes outworn. It

AUGUST 1963 687

These Times tions between Catholics and nonCatholics are further advised that

Catholics "in social and economic such relations must always be met ( Continued from page 650 affairs."It is suggested that the "in accordance with the principles

"doctrinal principles outlined in this of the natural law, with the social quarters with respect to conditions document... provide Catholics... doctrine of the church, and with the

in Spain or other countries may be with a vast field in which they can directives of ecclesiastical authorquieted. Indeed, if the Pope were meet and come to an understanding ity.""For it must not be forgotten,

to uphold the right of an interboth with Christians separated from the document continues, "that the national political organization like the Apostolic See, and also with huchurch has the right and the duty the UN to intervene anywhere, be man beings who are not enlightened not only to safeguard the principles it Spain, Italy, Russia, Michigan, by faith in Jesus Christ...."Howof ethics and religion, but also to

Montana, or Mississippi, in order to ever, the Catholic faithful are warned intervene authoritatively with her provide an "effective safeguard"for "In such relations let the faithful children in the temporal sphere, unalienable individual rights, then it be careful to be always consistent when there is a question of judging can be rather thoroughly concluded in their actions, so that they may about the application of those printhat the road taken towards politinever come to any compromise in ciples to concrete cases."

cal and religious pluralism by John matters of religion and morals."The action of John XXIII in conXXIII was indeed real. (66.) Noting that relations with vening the twentyfirst ecumenical

With respect to the foregoing those in "error"involve great delicouncil, the first since the Council critical issue, Part V discusses relacacy and practical considerations, of the Vatican in 1870, also captured the imagination of the world.

It reminded men everywhere of the cause of religion and the memory of

Jesus Christ. Of the world's 2.8

billion inhabitants, nearly one in is three Christian. in one About

is SHALLOW EDUCATION IS five Catholic. BritanThe Roman

nica Book of the Year (1960) shows NOT ENOUGH an estimated world membership of about 870,000,000 Christians (all denominations). About 528,000,000

RICHARD L. EVANS are Roman Catholics. Next to the

Christians rank those of the Islamic

Last week we talked of acquiring credentials and of the fact that the or Moslem faith, numbering about highest examination comes after Commencement. Further on this thought 429,000,000. As an earlier issue of

an eminent surgeon recently said: "At a given instant, everything the this column suggested, the Chrissurgeon knows suddenly becomes important to the solution of the probtians, Moslems, and the world's

lem. You can't do it an hour later, or tomorrow. Nor can you go to the twelve million Jews share a comlibrary to look it up."1 In other words, shallow education is not enough. mon belief in the. God of the Old

And school isn't a time simply for acquiring credits or surviving certain Testament. If this half of earth's

subjects, but is a time for acquiring knowledge and character and compepopulation could better appreciate tence that can be counted on and called upon as needed when needed. In the things held in common among

many ways we put our lives, our health, our solvency, our safety, our them, and the major sources of difvery survival in the hands of other people, and we have to be assured ference, even wider interest than that they have the knowledge, the character, the competence. A name that generated by Pope John might

on a desk, a title on a door, a signature on a certificate mean only as result. Perhaps the time will come,

much as there is behind their meaning, and they mean no more. This via Telstar or other means, when,

is one reason why cheating is so hazardous, and why shallow, shoddy instead of a quiz program, murder learning—the spirit of just getting by—is so altogether unacceptable. This mystery, or western, some great oil

is a world of causes and consequences, and we pay people for knowing, company with worldwide interests for doing, for producing, for experience, for results, for the ability to run in the West, the Middle East, could the business, to solve the problem, to show a profit, to accomplish the present a weekly panel in English purpose; and to succeed men must sincerely give themselves and their of rotating experts, with questionsservices, not superficially, but with dedicated seriousness. And Comand-answers on Islam, Judaism, and

mencement is a time to examine ourselves—for at a given instance everyChristianity. It could be more inthing we know may suddenly become important to the solving of the teresting than "What's My Line"in

problem. Oliver Wendell Holmes gave this summarizing sentence: "We these times.

are competent or not, honest or not, truthful or not, able or not, willing or not."- To this Winston Churchill added: "It is no use saying 'We are

doing our best.'You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary."3

*Dr. John W. Kirklin, Time, May 3, 1963. He who has a thousand friends

-Oliver Wendell Holmes. Churchill. has not one friend to spare; but3Winston Spencer

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia he who has an enemy will meet

Broadcasting System, June 9, 1963. Copyright 1963. him everywhere.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On Be TRIM, RELAXED,

(Continued from page 644) PHYSICALLY FIT New York Region of the church welfare program was organized This New, Vital "PushButton"Way!

with New York, New Jersey, and

Boston stakes comprising it.

It was announced that the Mill

Creek and the Cottonwood regions of the church welfare program had been organized from a division of the Jordan (Salt Lake

County) Region.

Elder Raymond H. Linford sustained as president of East

Long Beach (California) Stake with

Elders Vinton M. Merrill and Peter

Dalebout as counselors. The new

presidency succeeds President Max

A. Bryan and his counselors,

Elders Melvin E. Miner and Lorin

B. Daniels.

71 Raleigh Region of the church welfare program was organized comprising the Greensboro, Raleigh,

North Carolina, and Virginia stakes.

PreJune conference events were underway with an allday Young Women's camp day and an evening Master M ManGolden Gleaner banquet.

With the traditional earlymorning reception line amid the colorful flags on Temple Square, the sixtyfourth annual June conference of the Young Men's and Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Associations began. Two general sessions were held in the Salt Lake Gene Fullmer—former World's Middleweight

Tabernacle. Champion

A violent summer storm hit Salt... even after 35.Lake City about noon causing conYou can feel better and look better in only 15 minutes a day

siderable damage. The University EXERCYCLE'S EXCLUSIVE ALLBODY ACTION

of Utah stadium was flooded, and a Amazing motordriven Exercycle (the scientific development with exgroup of Boy Scouts used the clusive AllBody Action) brings into active play the same parts of your stadium as a lake and paddled body you would use in swimming, rowing, cycling and horseback riding.

around in canoes. The storm forced HOW TO STOP FEELING YOUR YEARS

cancellation of tonight's performThe total benefits you get from the AllBody Action of Exercycle are ance of Beyond the Blue Horizon, available in no other way. No routine, no other "health program,"no

the dance festival scheduled in the other kind of equipment can do what Exercycle does.

stadium. A weather station near the

1.11 that inches of reportedstadium

fell Now, more than ever, you hold 3607EXERCYCLESo. State St. PhoneSalt Lake2621612City, Utah brief storm.rain during the

The Case of the Unspeakables, the your future in your hands. Please send me at once, without cost or obligation, the FREE Exercycle 36page to PhyGuide festival,speech twice presented was There is only genuine one

sical Fitness, full in details with the Exercycle in thethis evening Pioneer Memorial to trim keep relaxed, way with and reserves new your future EXERCYCLE -Theatre. of energy.

The Golden Years of Scouting, the can't afford less. Mr.

pageant commemorating fifty years Mrs of scouting in the Church, was given Miss (Please Print Plainly) in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

Address

City Zone... State..

AUGUST 1963 689 Suddenly travelers to Europe It's Nice But You Cant are rediscovering the rewards of It Eat sea travel on giant Cunard Queens {Continued from page 669)

hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commanded them."(1 Nephi 3:7.)

s "When my husband and I first de-;7ii cided to adopt a regular and consistent plan of starting and building

our food storage, we hadn't the

SLSS*": fiinitial idea vaguest the where 3 H*"3Ml nancing for from; a would come 'Hi

rotation can with weekly come SI. SS** ***>,** ** * "'*"""* "ffpVfl*.8 SS>*.M s* 5! n ss. R

started. to get investment Biiiiim,,, shopping, but there must be an initial However,

start, that both felt **Hh8WHiL* lit!* >\f*r we we should

for to pay manage We'd J'iiiiii--. -'regardless.

... and it somehow we did. A few ##

decision, days after our big my huscall: received R.M. S. Queen Elizabeth: 83,673 tons... world's largest liner band a telephone

"Would you consider coming to 5 days of peace and space aplenty... and incomparable the office for a few hours each SatBritish service—on the world's largest superliners. urday?"the voice asked.

Needless to> say, the few extra hours Saturday worked than on more largest superworld's Elizabeth and Queen Queen The On the paid for storage the program had we express liners, offer regular Elizabeth weekly and Queen Mary prayerfully sailhumbly and decided

Queen Mary, you can stroll and play ings to France and England. upon.

on three full acres of deck space. There From Canada you can sail at low The plan we started with was not

are thirtyfive huge public rooms. rates on the great Cunarders Carinthia, elaborate. Creamed soups with

It complete. was not You'll enjoy the gracious, deft servCarmania and Franconia, from Montvegetables.

start. Later, But it was a as we

ice of efficient British stewards and real and Quebec to Irish, English, rotated existing supplies and added stewardesses; you'll delight in Cunard's French or Dutch ports. additional items, our potential "diet"

truly international choice of dishes at A cruise for every taste—and every was greatly improved upon and the

every meal. purse! Cunard has a complete cruise quantities increased.

plans varied for food storMany The Queens'smooth fiveday exprogram throughout the year. To the

tried, age tested, have been and press crossings to Cherbourg and West Indies: 5 days to 18 days; to the recommended. Information concernSouthampton give you time to relax in Mediterranean: 25 days to 56 days; to ing these plans is available. If your

spacious comfort—to meet and talk to the North Cape: six weeks; around the bishop or branch president doesn't

interesting people—the human conworld: 95 days. already have it—he can get it.

tacts that are always part of travel on a For all details, see your travel agent Our own starter plan was a combination of programs recommended giant Cunarder. or use the coupon below.

to our and adapted by our ward own needs and tastes. By all means,

never store anything you wouldn't

Please send me details including 4-color brochures on: enjoy eating is a basic rule to fol-

1. Cunard travel to Europe. am interested in sailing low. But look beyond this rule.

First Class, Cabin., Tourist You may not enjoy eating wheat in

2. Cunard Cruises: the form that you store it, but when

to the West Indies., to the Mediterranean wheat is ground into flour with a

to the North Cape., around the world hand mill, it makes the most delicious, nutritious, healthful, and

Namesatisfying bread. Food, too, cannot

Address. be put into dead storage. It must

be rotated and integrated conCity -Zone- -State. sistently into your everyday meal

planning. In order for any storage The name of my travel agent isMail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA program to be effective, it must be studied and planned.

Although the thought of buying certain food items in case lots may overwhelm one at first, the difference in a case price and in the total cost by single can or package should make one feel better, particularly if it's an item you use frequently, and it can be purchased by the case when it's on sale. It's almost like

running your own efficient little grocery store in the basement or in fairly ofclosets or under the beds is availMicrophones that pick up a whisper spacecool rooms—wherever

able. And it's great on those days

when the banquet committee calls at the last minute for an additional casserole... there's always something in the house.

HEAVE HO, MY HEARTIES!

BY ALFRED I. TOOKE

When you have so much to do That you don't know where to start, Amplifiers that keep the sound

And you get to feeling blue, And you're quickly losing heart: at a comfortable listening level

Don't be a dumb thing!

Start SOMEthing!

',:QEvery little thing that's done

Means there's less and less to do,

And the battle will be won, Often long before you're through.

Stay cheerful hearted!

GET STARTED!

Yes, the challenge has been given to us. The need to respond to this

challenge and obey the advice given by our leaders is becoming more apparent every day.

Not all of us are tempted to buy $3,000 pianos. But we do find other i -si?

excuses including the one of time to be bothered. It's most generally Sound columns that make each person

always small things that prevent us from reaching large goals. A new feel he is sitting in the very first row

dress—the price of a case of tuna

fish! A couple of reserved tickets

kind of that the Norelco sound equipment so successfully working in many ballto the game—the price of a case That's

It's Tabernacles the Houses. Stake and Mormon equipment throughout sameis famed juice!of tomato world, to the Scala in Milan La from Opera Olympia House Stadium in Melbourne.

Maybe we won't need to fall back For information on how your particular problem can be solved, write to Dept. IE-8,...

upon our cache of preparedness. North American Philips Company, Inc., Commercial Sound Department, High Fidelity

But—what if we do? What about Products Division, 100 East 42nd Street, New York 17, New York.

the new car; the backyard gym;

the automatic dryer; the few small

dollars only again spent fCO"now and *NorekC,Sound,-, SystemsQ,,o All collection? very recordon that

desirable items—but could you and PI

your children eat them?

CANADA AND THROUGHOUT THE FREE WORLH, NORELCO 15 KNOWN AS 'THE PHILIPS'

AUGUST 1963 691 * MELCHIZEDEK * The Priesthood and the Home Teacher r PRIESTHOOD i

We who live in this modern day of phenomenal for example, certain parts are in the 20th section;

growth of the Church are hardly aware of one of the there are more in the 84th and 88th; the 107th almost

great revelations given to the Church in this latter completely discusses it, and the 121st section gives day. Constantly we see unfolded before our eyes it individual application. There are others. This

the expression of its principles, yet we marvel not, revelation may be given a title. It is:

we have become so used to it. Its application began The relation of man to man under the Priesthood

at Kirtland and is so flexible that its principles govof the Son of God.

erned the thousands there and now govern the From the revelations we learn that presidents premillions here with equal facility. side over organizations of members, that bishops not

This revelation designates the order of the priestonly preside but also are concerned over the physical hood, its division into quorums, each with its assignwelfare of the people, and that quorums are the ments and responsibilities. It indicates the order of answer to the need for fraternal association. Through

presidency from the President at the head of the all of this detail of harmonious organization runs the

Church to the father at the head of his family. It

points out the ecclesiastical order of organization into stakes and wards and the fraternal and service order of quorums. It also explains the interrelation of

these into an orderly whole.

It is not revealed in any one special revelation of those in the Doctrine and Covenants, but rather is contained in many of them like the theme of a great symphony which dominates every phase of the music, or like the pattern in a Persian rug, which is woven inseparably into the warp and woof of it;

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA theme of our relationship: "... when we undertake fasting which puts food in their mouths? We are our

to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain brothers'keepers.

ambition, or to exercise control or dominion or comBut yet there is one thing we, perhaps, have left pulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in undone which we should have done. We have fed

any degree of unrighteousness,... Amen to the priestthe body of our brother but not so well his soul. Tohood of that man.... day as we accept the assignment as Home Teachers

"We have learned by sad experience that it is the we march forth to feed the spirit as well as the body, nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as thus trying to help our brother to become the perthey get a little authority, as they suppose, they fect man. As a modern apostle has said, it is time

will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous to "close ranks"and go forward with unfaltering zeal dominion.... to this next step in our progress to eternal life.

"No power or influence can or ought to be mainLet us all accept the assignment; let each one

tained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuaaccept his brother, and "with love unfeigned"look sion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, after his eternal soul. This done, we shall have

and by love unfeigned; reached our highest goal, for we shall have placed

"By kindness, and pure knowledge,..."(D&C in our own hearts the meaning of the second great

121:37, 39, 4142.) commandment, "... Thou shalt love thy neighbour as

..."(Mark 13:31.) We are about to embark on a new application of thyself.

our agelong relationships to this immense and aweinspiring revelation of God's will to usward. We now

undertake to give new emphasis to the old principle that we are our brother's keeper.

The Lord posed the question in the beginning by asking Cain, "Where is thy brother?"Cain in his

hardened lust for the possessions of his brother, and even then with the blood of Abel on his hands, insolently gave the ageold and constant reply of the wicked, "Am I my brother's keeper?"(See Gen. 4:9.)

With entirely righteous purpose we are not now asked, "Where is thy brother?", but rather are given

a declaration of fact, "Here is thy brother,"Saying that, the second question follows. All of us agree

that we are our brothers'keepers. Haven't we spent

hours on farms, in canneries, in sewing bees, to provide for their welfare? Aren't we concerned with the

AUGUST 1963 693 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

BY J. WILLARD MARRIOTT

If I were you, I would first consider that I am living in the greatest age in the history of mankind, a time when there is more knowledge about practically everything than has ever existed on the earth before. And

with this knowledge come great opportunities for the young man who has an inquiring mind, who is willing to work and prepare himself physically, mentally, and spiritually. I

would try to realize that shiftless, uninterested, or delinquent young people will not profit, except perhaps in some creature comforts, by living in this age of wonders.

I believe a young man can do anything he wants to do if he will pay the price. All things in life have a

price, usually the greater the value of the thing we want, the higher the price. There is a big price for

straight A's in school, for a good character with faith in God, for a clean and healthy body, for a life of devotion to good causes. But the

boy who achieves these things will enjoy the blessings of this age. He

will succeed financially, avoid the plagues of bad habits, be mentally alive and spiritually happy.

Happiness is the objective of our existence. Everything we do is supposed to contribute to the joy of living. If I were you, I would turn

off the TV and go to work. I would

work diligently in the church, in

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA school, at home that I might have more of this joy part, he said, "You may graduate from this great of living. I would give my last ounce of energy to institution, make a lot of money, become powerful

excel in all three of these institutions: the home, the in politics or in your community; but you will end

school, and the church. I would choose good comup miserable, unhappy, and a failure in life if you

panions who also are trying to excel. I would study have bad habits and do not live a Christian life."

the lives of a few outstanding men of character and Again, I emphasize that this golden age, as I see it, accomplishment and try to be like them. There is offers everything to the young man who first develops

one man especially I would try to understand—Jesus a good character and lives a Christian life. He can

of Nazareth. He knew the meaning of life and told build on this kind of foundation and attain all the

a sick world how to live to attain happiness. I would blessings that come through work, education, and

pray over every real problem and live so close to opportunity. If I were you, I would follow the advice

him that he would be my partner and make it possible of the Master when he said, "But seek ye first the for me to reach my goals. kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these

I would try to remember that we become weak things shall be added unto you."(3 Nephi 13:33.) All of

and helpless and unhappy when we submit to temptamy life's experiences have taught me that, as surely tion, but that we become strong, interested, confident, as the day follows the night, this promise will be and happy individuals when, in the words of Huxley, fulfilled to the extent that "all these things"will con- "We do the things we should do, when we should do tribute to our welfare and happiness here on earth them, whether we want to do them or not."I would and in eternal life to come.

decide now that the building of a strong character Don't waste time; you have so little. It is one of

is worth the best efforts of a lifetime, and that, if my your greatest assets. Today is the only day you are

Father in heaven is my friend, I cannot fail. sure of; yesterday is gone; tomorrow may never come.

I would try to realize that most failures in life Horace Mann said, "Lost yesterday (not today) somefinancially, socially, and spiritually are caused by bad where between sunrise and sunset, two golden hourshabits. Habits make the man—habits of work, of each set with sixty diamond minutes—no reward is

study, of personal conduct, of prayer—make the difoffered for they are gone forever."

ference between one man and another. It is said At your age, you are preparing for life. The opthere is very little difference between one man and portunities of youth in this golden age will not come

another, but that small difference becomes tremenlater. Time wasted now will haunt you all of your

dous when habits are different. Think of the difference days, but taken advantage of, will build you a rich,

in the life of an alcoholic compared with that of a successful, and happy life.

sober, selfdisciplined individual; between an inBIOGRAPHICAL SKETCHdustrious person and an indolent one; between a

is J. Willard Marriott Utah native, founder A of Hotkind and loving parent in a Christian home and one eating chain, Shoppes, house Inc., a national of Marriott

who is selfish and cruel, without the spirit of kindMotor Hotels, and operates a 5,000acre ranch in Virginia.

ness and love for his family and associates. HeUtah,is aandgraduateserved ofa WebermissionCollegeto the andEasternthe UniversityStates. Forof

Many years ago, I listened to a speech by Justice nine years he was president of the Washington (DC)

Sutherland of the Supreme Court to a group of mitteeStake, andconcerningcurrentlyLDSis chaplainschairman inof thethe armedchaplainsservices.comcollege graduates. I have never forgotten it. In The Marriotts have two sons and three grandchildren.

AUGUST 1963 695 A teacher remarked, "I can't wait five years for this program to take effect; it must work now."A mother

said, "The days fly by so fast I must wring every bit of good from each moment; there is just no time."A

businessman demands, "instant action."Right now is so

important, it is all we have, we must blow the chaff away and let that which is real stand out. With life

striding with giant leaps no wonder we all demand "instant everything."

In the morning, as we are awakened instantly by the alarm clock, we expect to jump into a shower with instant hot water to bring us face to face with the new day. Instant shaving with a quick electric

shaver or a safety razor with instant lather spurting from a plastic bottle hurries the process along.

Instant zippers and quick applying cosmetics make fast work of becoming presentable. Then on to

the kitchen and instant frozen orange juice, instant drinks, and food from quick toasters and frypans. No cranking the car—an instant automatic starter has us traveling down the road.

Instant automation carries us on and on throughout the day. The pace has quickened,

and our reactions must also if we are to keep in step. We say we do not like this

automation; but how many would be willing to go back to yesterday of lighting a

fire in a monkey stove to get hot water, of washing clothes in huge tubs of soapy, lukewarm, scummy water and wringing out the large bed sheets with bare hands?

No instant TV picture, no stereo music, no instant jangle of the telephone, no

vacuum cleaners, no instant ice cubes—all would make such a different world from the

one we know today.

There is still another way to think about this instant thing. If there were instant

weight gain as a chocolate candy was eaten or if a pound of fat instantly popped out on each person at the end of a big dinner most of our figures would be much slimmer, we would be more careful of how and what we ate. Then, too, if we could

see instant results as we exercised, this activity would become more popular. If there

were instant rewards or instant punishments for our deeds, lives would be lived quite differently. This instant thing reaches into many directions.

There is no such thing as instant learning. An idea may be quickly grasped,

but it takes time to make it your own. Young parents often have the erroneous

idea that a child will learn lifelong habits by telling him just once. Repetition

and patience are a big part in the growth process. An instant or a sudden

emotion may bring a sudden reaction; an angry word, an angry reply, a quick

smile, a sunny smile, a good deed will usually bring an immediate good act in return. "Instant"is spontaneous in this respect.

Our modern life is instant, quick, and pressing, and we might as well do a little leaning back and enjoy it. Use all the "instant"helps you can.

Next time yOu are at the supermarket take time to discover all the new packages of "instant,'note a tall red package of instant onion, a container of instant potatoes, a box of instant pie crust,and row on row of instant cake mixes. Instant rolls, cookies, biscuits, bread, muffins, cereal, casseroles, salad dressings, sauces, soups, and puddings, just to mention a

few foods we find on our store shelves now that five years ago were not even in our dreams.Why not take advantage of all this help so as

to have more leisure summer hours? Check carefully, prepare

easily, cook quickly, and eat with relish some of the following "instant"dishes.

Jellies and jams can now be made in just a few minutes without the use of a stove. Nowadays there is no need to stand

Over hot steaming kettles of boiling juices and stir and stir constantly to produce a beautiful glass of jelly. Now to make

six glasses of delicious grape jelly set aside just a few minutes of your day and follow these directions.

i f I... ''i 'Mil [Hi'r f r

TODAY'S FAMILY, BY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

JK/SlANT the lemon juice and the Certo well Instant Fruit Salad Dressing in a small bowl; stir into fruit. Con- (3 minutes)

tinue stirring 3 minutes. Pour into

glasses or freezer containers. Cover 1 cup mayonnaise

NoCook Grape Jelly. Yields 6 at once with a tight lid. Let stand Vz cup whipping cream (whipped

medium glasses. until set—takes up to 24 hours. Store stiff)

in freezer or for use within 3 weeks 1 teaspoon celery seeds 2 cups juice (about 2 pounds ripe in refrigerator. 1 tablespoon honey

Concord grapes) Vi teaspoon paprika 4 cups sugar NoCook Peach Jam—Yields

2 tablespoons water about 9 medium glasses. Fold all ingredients together and

V2 bottle Certo fruit pectin serve over any fruit salad. It is

2% cups prepared fruit (about 2J/4 especially good over melon salad.

First prepare juice. Stem, wash, pounds of ripe peaches)

and thoroughly crush about 2 6V2 cups sugar Chicken Shortcake (Serves 4) pounds fully ripe Concord grapes. Vs cup lemon juice

Place in a jelly cloth or bag and 1 bottle Certo fruit pectin 2 cans (10V2 ounces each) chicken squeeze out the juice. Measure 2 a la king

cups of the juice into a large bowl. Prepare the fruit. Peel, pit, and V2 teaspoon instant minced onion

Add the sugar; mix well. Mix the grind the fully ripe peaches. Meas- 8 frozen waffles—some morning

water and Certo well in a small ure 2% cups of the prepared fruit make double your waffle bowl; stir into the fruit juice. Coninto a large bowl. Add the sugar; recipe and freeze the leftover

tinue stirring for 3 minutes. (A few mix well. Mix the lemon juice and waffles for this dish.

sugar crystals may remain.) Pour Certo well in a small bowl; stir into 8 slices brick cheese at room

quickly into glasses or freezer conthe fruit and continue stirring for 3 temperature tainers. Cover at once with tight minutes. Pour quickly into glasses Pimiento

lids. Let stand until set—takes up or freezer containers. Cover at once

to 24 hours. Store in freezer, or for with tight lids. Let stand until setCombine the chicken and onion in a

use within 3 weeks you may store takes up to 24 hours. Store in freezer saucepan and heat over low heat to

in refrigerator. or for use within 3 weeks in serving temperature. It will burn

refrigerator. easily, be careful. Meanwhile heat RaspberryNoCook Red jellies These jams and Jelly—have toaster, or if waffles the the in your you 7Yields about flavor. fruit medium glasses. justpicked color The waffles heat frozen are using bought

also natural fresh is so looking. and

2V2 cups of juice (about lVz quarts On a cold snowy winter day it would according to package directions. Top

ripe red raspberries) be wonderful to serve some of this each waffle with a slice of cheese.

5 cups sugar fresh strawberry jam on hot light Spoon on the chicken; add second

2 tablespoons strained lemon juice waffles. It is a treat you shouldn't waffle and additional chicken. GarV2 bottle Certo fruit pectin. miss. nish with the pimiento strips.

Prepare juice. Measure 2Vfe cups

juice in a large bowl. Add the

sugar; mix well. Mix the lemon

juice with the Certo well in a small bowl; stir into the fruit juice. Continue stirring for 3 minutes. Pour

quickly into glasses or freezer containers. Cover at once with a tight

lid. Let stand for 24 hours. Store

in freezer or for use within 3 weeks in refrigerator.

NoCook Strawberry Jam—

Yields about 5 medium glasses.

F/4 cups prepared fruit (about 1 quart ripe strawberries) 4 cups sugar 2 tablespoons lemon juice Vz bottle Certo fruit pectin

To prepare the fruit wash and crush it completely, one layer at a time.

Measure the 1% cups into a large bowl. Add the sugar; mix well. Mix

P.L.C. landscape co.Easy Fudge Sauce—Yields 2% 1 cup small marshmallows

cups. Vz cup chopped nuts designing, remodeling

and complete landscaping 3 squares Baker's unsweetened Dissolve the Jello in the hot pineservice by professional chocolate apple juice. Add orange juice. Chill landscape architects

5 tablespoons butter or margarine until partly set. Whip and add the

3 cups sifted confectioners'sugar cream, pineapple, bananas, marsh- 1 cup evaporated milk mallows, and nuts. Chill until firm.

1 teaspoon vanilla Serve unmolded on leaf lettuce and garnish with a bouquet of waterMelt the chocolate and butter over cress that has been frosted by dipvery low heat. Stir in the confecping in powdered sugar. This salad

tioners'sugar alternately with the can be prepared a day or two ahead evaporated milk, blending well. of time to be served if the mold is

Bring to a boil over medium heat, covered tightly with a plastic stirring constantly. Then cook and wrap. Then when ready to serve it

stir until mixture becomes thick and is "instant salad!"

creamy—it will take about 8 minutes.

Stir in the vanilla. Serve warm. Instant Brownies—Makes 32 bars.

Instant Pineapple Pie 1 cup chopped walnuts 4 cups graham cracker crumbs for the unbaked crust use: Vz cup sifted confectioners'sugar

2 cups (12 ounces) Baker's Semi 2 cups Baker's Angel Flake Coconut Sweet Chocolate Chips maas & grassli landscape architects

Vz cup unsifted confectioners'sugar 1 cup evaporated milk 3 tablespoons melted butter 1 teaspoon vanilla

Combine the coconut and the sugar. Combine nuts, crumbs, and confecprovo 373*8323

Gradually stir in the melted butter; tioners'sugar in a large mixing ogdert 3992931

mix thoroughly. Press over bottom bowl. Melt the chips in the evaporsalt lake city 4664746

and sides of small individual pie ated milk over low heat stirring conpans. Chill until firm. Fill with instantly. Blend well. Add the vanilla

for Chillstant pudding. pineapple set aside of the and then Vz cup

It's Sno Kone... Cotton Candy... toasted with or 3 hours. Garnish2 Stir mixture. chocolate mixcrumb

time. equipthe Popcorn have We tococonut. There is no cooking into this ture remaining chocolate mixsale. for rent or have ment... We day! wonderful on a hotrecipe—how ture. in a wellbuttered Spread 9

inch square pan. Spread rest of the supplies for your every need

Peanut Pilaff chocolate mixture over top. Chill. to make that extra buck every

ward, stake, mutual or Boy Scout Before serving, cut into bars.

4 cups chicken broth troop needs.

1 tablespoon instant onion Write or call

Vz cup chopped salted peanuts V-k cups chopped cooked chicken THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO.

1 cup rice 1232 South State Street

Salt to taste SUMMER LULLABY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

BY SOLVEIG PAULSON RUSSELL, EMpire 4-3669

Sprinkle rice in the boiling chicken Member of National Association of Concessionbroth; add the chopped onion, peaLullaby, baby, associatesaires and canANYWHEREtake careINofTHEyourUNITEDneeds STATES.through

nuts, and chicken. Cover and simThe good day is done.

mer about 25 minutes or until rice There's a hush on the earth;

is just soft and has absorbed the The last gold of the sun ATTENTION SCANDINAVIANS! Order This

saltbroth. pepper. with Season and Is threaded with purple ABLESKIVER delicious withThis is served PAN west, out in the the Far

.. Aluminum Moulded of Durable Made saladfollowing hot Jello baking and all you, small things, &. While and delightful Danish oldfashioned Bakes

powder biscuits. Are lulled now to rest. pastry. They're different and deliijj clous. Kids love

Recipe \jgk them.Party salad Lullaby, baby, Ma.\ included.

The night's coming soon.

1 package lemonpineapple Jello The shadows grow deeper. ONIY

juice hot pineapple 1 cup yellow The pale moon juice cup orange Will soon shed her splendor *375% 1 cup whipping cream (whipped) On earth; then she'll peep

1 #2 can pineapple tidbits Through your little window 2 bananas, sliced And see you—asleep. FOR MAIL ORDERS ADD SOc POSTAGE

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

AUGUST 1963 699

* SALT LAKE CITY'S -%we<Mf 'ZoteC

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS

DOWNTOWN RATES:

SINGLES $6.00

DOUBLES $8.00

TWINS $10.00

Children Under

12 Free FREE Drive /nParking Clarence L West, Manager PHONE EL 5-2961 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah DRESSING UP THE "COOKOUT"BY PHYLLIS W. HEALD

If you want a "conversation piece"at your next country barbecue party, as well as a decorative and useful

NEW LOW PRICES! addition, include the old family

it is the MULTIPLE YEAR and wheelbarrow. The older

it will supply. atmosphere FOREIGN ERA more acceptable, make it sociably To

SUBSCRIPTIONS line the inside with silver foil, exIn effect now prices for ALL tending it well over the top and

Improvement Era subscripouter surfaces. Fill about twothirds

full with crushed or chipped ice and tions are as follows: then nuzzle into it dishes of titillating

or salads, desserts, hors d'oeuvres, year 2 years5.75 3 years8.25.3.00 cold. anything kept you wish

Each succeeding year add The family wheelbarrow also $2.50 to 3 year price. makes a splendid ice cream bar for

children's parties. Here several

Subscribe today! kinds of ice cream can be kept as

well as assorted sauces for flavoring. Thus each young guest may

have his special choice of sundaes.

Bananas and maraschino cherries

The Improvement Era 135 S. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah scattered about on the ice make

even a complicated bananasplit possible.

For patio cookouts, where a note

CENTER THE OF S it is effective is desired, of elegance NCJ T 1TTTTllll *v ELX CONVENIENCE /==dL shiny, to a metal use wheelbarrow. **"'-"it can glamorous make You fmlmnmTmmTT\Im as-,is & 'Mft? 4Mvl. Itax.ft 1 Cooeqb citing—and definitely the pieceand exde

320 BEAUTIFUL ROOMS resistance of a party by embedding it with tidbits that carry a special color scheme or a seasonal, holiday effect.

One of the nicest angles about including your old family wheella ke barrow at the cookout, is when the party's over, it can go back to work. Now... 43 hhmL'm) hwm

QuHaw Ibhmij Hawajm Im&L pool

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Be a Square GOING UP?

( Continued from page 673 TRY HOME STUDY billiondollar national debt for future generations to pay; widespread unemployment and inflation; and a Please send

prevailing attitude of irresponsibility. Facing these and other probFree

iflems, surprising it would not be our HOME STUDY into a 'beat'youngsters genturned eration, fortunately, but they show to...

..."Catalog of discouragement.no signs

I think that spirit is in the Church NAME among our young people. "It is

never too late to change direction. ADDRESS.

Let us make a start,"said this good man, "and give these, the finest young people ever produced, a CITY....

chance to use their Youthpower. STATE.

They may be able to lift us from the HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, mess we have made."Provo, Utah

I have faith in them, these our sons and daughters. They will respond to good leadership. They are

entitled to good leadership. Another ENJOY A MOUNTAIN VACATION

hopeful sign—I saw a fullpage editorial in a great farm magazine the AT MOUNT MAJESTIC LODGEMOTEL AND MANOR

other day by the publisher and At the top of the road in Brighton up Big Cottonwood Canyon editor addressed to the graduates, from the most widely quoted farm writer in America. He was talking

to these young people, not a member of the Church, but a man who is looking to the future and has faith in our young people and wants them to go right, wants them to get back, to become squares Stay in the new LodgeMotel Dine and Dance in the Manor recently been has familiar Rustic Manor with The in featuring Built rooms 1962 modernagain. says, aims person "A who He

of finest the to include one beds. remodeled bath, or double carpeting, twin private miss. target hasat nothing a he can't

in National the bicycling, Wasatch "Dinnerhouses"guests lodgelike motel offers This

Set an attainable goal. When you badminton, horse shoes and ping pong at Forest. Candlelight dining nightly, dancing

reach it, set another goal, higher. no additional charge. Fridays and Saturdays.

Many people flounder on the ship of life because they never chart a Spend 3 relaxing days and 2 nights for just $28.00 per couple.

course. Make money the byRate includes a private room and all the facilities of the LodgeMotel.

product, not the goal. Drink at the

fountain of knowledge, don't just For reservations call Salt Lake City 3643382 AMERICAN gargle...."or EL 9-6980 or call Brighton 12. Write to: EXPRESS CARDS

And then he talks about homeMount Majestic Lodge, Brighton, Utah. HONORED

making and preparation for motherhood, if you would, in a farm magazine. This is encouraging. Then

he uses that old Southern phrase. u n

He said, "Kissin don't last but goodcookin'do."And then he goes on to BURNED OUT

say, "Don't ever let anybody sell REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY you the idea that chastity is out of date. Chastity will never be out A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

of date. Your children will want with tremendous added expense before you find

their mother to be as pure as you another.

want your mother to be."Let us explain your need for ample insurance

like that sound Does Mormonism?

it does. always to cover today's higher values. course TruthOf

sounds the same. It's always consistent, no matter where it comes UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1963 701 from, and time is always on the side What an opportunity to "arise and of truth. Going on with his intershine forth"as the Lord has

esting editorial he says, "If we lose commanded. Read it in the one

our morality we will be enslaved,... hundred and fifteenth section of

Freedom and morality are one ball the Doctrine and Covenants and the of wax.... Remember, freedom eightythird section. Now is the

while Godgiven, does not perpetutime to wield our influence for good

To compliment your ate itself. Government can give you in this world which is sick. Now is

Temple Marriage nothing but what it takes from the time for us as leaders of youth somebody else. A government big to prepare these young men and

enough to give you everything you women for the difficult days ahead.

want is big enough to take everyHow are we going to do it? First

Others from $5.95 for 100. thing you've got, including your of all we must look to ourselves.

Also temple napkins and in raised lettering freedom.... You should be reWe must be what we profess to be,

albums. Write for FREE catalog only warded according to your ability real Latterday Saints—not Jackand samples (state temple.) and your effort, not your needs.... Mormons. We must maintain every

Idaho - Rexburg, REXCRAFT 83440 all posto milk If you're determined must standard of this Church. We

(Catalog sent airmail for 25c) life, sible then out of pleasure must the commandments. buy keep We

your own cow, don't milk someset our own lives in order. We

body else's through the fence.... must set our homes in order. We

ADDRESS LABEL SHOWS Stand on your own feet. Every permust be modest. We must be humEXPIRATION MONTH son can excel in something,"he says, ble. We must be clean, morally

"In goes on, and then in hearts in or and the final clean—clean own subscripcurrent yourThe last issue of neither government your what must be or own minds. We label; analysis, address is indicated yourtion on

for example, the letters OCT mean your nor your parents are responsible for we want our followers to be. Wesubscription expires in October—DEC, you—you are responsible for yourcannot be effective, if while we teach

etc. in expire December, it willthat in in your self. Believe your God, the of Wisdom, them we are Word entered more than forSubscriptions in that yourself, and and in tea serving and cocktails and coffee the country, following have numbers yearone

month, such as OCT 6A. This means order. Repeat constantly to yourin our homes.

that subscriptions will expire in Octoself: It all depends on me."We cannot be effective if we are

label address your 1964. Checkber of I have then what he said parties And to out card going when we

least at one month renew andoften this of leader our beloved heard scripthe reading ought to be home date. expiration theahead of

Church say time and time again, tures, tending our families, or spendThe Improvement Era "You can't help it if you're ugly at ing more time with the youth of the eighteen, but if you're not beautiful Church. We cannot be effective if

at eighty, it's your own fault."And we neglect our family prayer. We

before us today we have an example, cannot be effective if we are not at ninety. [President and Sister honorable in our dealings with our

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS McKay] Nothing could be lovelier, fellow men. We cannot be effective

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple more beautiful, more impressive. if we let down in our standards.

sore throat and other minor mouth "Character is a victory, not a gift."Let's be what we want them to

and throat irritations. Confucius said: "To know what is be. They need fewer critics and

right and not do it is the worst of more models. They are entitled to

HALLS REMEDY cowardice."and disappointmentsYes, theretowillourbeyoungtrials wethatteachkind them?of leadership.May I sayWhatin conwill

Salt Lake City. Utah people, but I am convinced that any clusion there are so many things to

person who has real faith in God teach them. The whole program of

and a testimony of this work can the Church, all the principles of the

DRINK endure anything and still keep his gospel, all of the standards, the spirit sweet. We want our young ideals, the traditions, the heritage.

so they can endure No group of young people has so ficq A delightful people prepared hot beverage for those anything. Whatever comes they can much to draw upon if they only have

who don't drink coffee. meet it without being concerned a the leaders that will draw it and

AT YOUR GROCERS lot about it, without breaking up, feed it to them.

frustrated, knowing without being said other the President McKay PLAYRIGHTAWAY! calling that above, on they and God Don't If of rightYou the Even has day, "Never enemy

Music NowKnow of a Note will carry past, of heritage the our it's to orthoroughly "Vfow EASY eousness been more instrulearn any through. boring exthem is No today."than world ganized The

Steirt playing ment.ercises.little notes opportunity an have Today spiritual we darkin darkness, walking right piecesaway. byAmazing

in at teacher. time. home, progress No Few like the never of have which we our at us ness Let keep noonday. lesson. students.spare per 1,000.000 Write BOOK.cents

School of Music, Washington, forPortFREE U. the All in over the Church. had teach the Prophet. us Let (Est. eyes 1898) Y.S. Y. A1208, State Licensed Education. of N. StudioN. Dept. on

world the Church is well spoken of. these young people to keep their

William Black and Jane Johnston Black Today we are known for what we eyes on the Prophet of the Lord, to Family Reunion

The descendants of William Black and Jane are and not for what our enemies pray for him, to be loyal to him, to their reunion family having Black are Johnston Park, have said about us in the past. read his words, to heed his counsel. at Jordan at 10:00 a.m. 1963 August 10,

800 West 1000 South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

This includes the families of George, Mary McDonald, William and Joseph Black.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let us have them believe and know farewell..

that it pays to live the good life.

Let us have them know that Jesus is the Christ, the Redeemer of the world, our Advocate with the Distinctive choice of

Father, our great exemplar. programs to make

Let us teach them to love the the farewell comprophets who have served as mouthplete. The missionpieces for God Almighty. Let us ary's photograph is

teach them a love for the pioneers. included in folded

Teach them to be proud of thenprogram.

heritage, grateful for their foundations, for all the virtues and principles for which the Church stands. for 500

Teach them to love their counand $1.00 per 100 for more

try, and here in America to love the or less than 500 plus postage for 500 Mailing weight founding the andConstitution is 8% pounds.

is the that thisfathers, and to know

Lord's base of operations in these Order blanksuponavailablerequest.

last days, and that that operation will be worldwide. Teach them

that this system that offers so many of the good things of life is based on eternal principles, the great principle of free agency.

Teach them to love purity and virtue and the good life. Teach them

to love all the commandments, and that they are given to them for their good by a kind Father who loves them. Teach them to love life, to

love the Church and its programs, and to get in the full swing of it.

Teach them to love the scriptures, to love the Book of Mormon. The

Prophet Joseph Smith declared "...

that the Book of Mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, and a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book."(DHC 4, p. 461.) Teach

them to become a companion to the

Book of Mormon.

Teach them to know that God has again spoken from the heavens, that that first great vision is the greatest event that has transpired in this YOU CAN RENT IT! A Cherished Possession

world since the resurrection of PORTRAIT the Master. IN OILS

workers you, bless RENTS God my fellow HOWE

SALES AND this May of MIA. great program in RENTALS paintedmagnificentlyon pure

you be magnified. May you have silk from old or

the Spirit, without which you canBeds—Wheel Chairs new photos of

not teach effectively. Again I say, Commodes—Crutches thosemost dear.you hold THE p ERFECT GIFT

in this work you cannot fail. This is Tables—Chairs—Dishes Beautiful authentic works of art at amazGod's work. I know this as I know Punch Bowls—Grills ingly low prices.

that I live. God help us to keep that Silverware Sizes 8"x 10", and 11"x 14",

knowledge and to inspire that testiTractors—Forklifts $9.95 Send check or money order. $14.95.

choice of these lives the in likeartists living Outstanding guarantee mony Air Compressors Trucks—

nesses. ordering quality send good When custody, our under people young Tools All Types instructions color hair, eyes, for and photo of Jesus the in name I pray clothing, Satisfaction complexion. guaranCity Salt Lake

Christ. Amen. 2375 South State 4860055

Ogden teed.ZIONP. O. BoxENTERPRISES15601, Dept. 1-8

1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 Salt Lake City, Utah

AUGUST 1963 Humility smallest of the tribes of Israel? and asked this question:

my family the least of all the families "Have ye walked, keeping yourof the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore selves blameless before God? Could

(Continued from page 659) then speakest thou so to me?"ye say, if ye were called to die at

(1 Sam. 9:21.) this time, within yourselves, that ye

Moses, that was a sad day. You And the prophet saluted him with have been sufficiently humble?..."

did such a great work in moving a kiss, anointed him, and set him (Alma 5:27.)

Israel from Egypt. You were so paapart as king of Israel, and promised The Prophet Joseph Smith, in our

tient, generally, with their whims and that the Spirit of the Lord would own dispensation, gave us this:

antagonisms. Oh, Moses, why did come upon him and he should "When the Twelve or any other

you let your humility deteriorate? prophesy and "... shalt be turned witnesses stand before the congregaYou were once acclaimed as "... into another man.... for God is tions of the earth, and they preach

very meek, above all the men which with thee."(Ibid., 10:6-7.) in the power and demonstration of

were upon the face of the earth."the Spirit of God, and the people

(Ibid., 12:3.) are astonished and confounded at

The Apostle James once asked, the doctrine, and say, 'That man has "Is any sick among you? let him HOUSEWIFE CORRESPONDENT preached a powerful discourse, a

call for the elders of the church; and BY HELEN S. PHILLIPS a great sermon,'then let that manlet them pray over him, anointing or those men take care that they do

him with oil in the name of the not ascribe the glory unto themLord: The letters composed while I'm ironselves, but be careful that they are

"And the prayer of faith shall save ing humble, and ascribe the praise and the sick, and the Lord shall raise Simply sparkle with humor and glory to God and the Lamb; for it

him up"; (James 5:1415.) charm; is by the power of the Holy PriestWhen the sick, through the adFilled with anecdotes gay and, hood and the Holy Ghost that they

ministration by the elders, are amusing, have power thus to speak. What art

healed and especially if it apThey're interesting, friendly, and, thou, O man, but dust? And from

proaches the miraculous, there is a warm. whom receivest thou thy power

temptation to the administering and blessings, but from God?"

elders to tell of the matter and apThe letters composed while I'm (DEC 3:384.)

proach boasting about it. Their scrubbing Who has the right to be smug and

humility would be protected if they Could surely find someone to conceited in his own powers of acwould always in the prayer, or otherplease; complishments or talents? God gave

wise, counsel the recipient not to Though my topics and interests are us our breath, our life, our talents, mention the names of those who varied, our brains, our capacities.

uttered the blessing but to give to I expound on each one with great Not only the missionary but all of the Lord all the praise and the honor ease. us need humility and meekness, a

and glory. closeness to the Lord, a recognition

Occasionally we hear men boast, But the letters I write when I'm of his great love for us and his gifts saying, "I have the gift of healing."writing to us. If we can become great, hold

What a hazardous thing to do! I At the close of a long, busy day, high position, be signally honored,

would fear the Lord might hear me Are the ones where my brain ceases receive praise, yet keep humbleand reprove me like he did Moses, working, that is the test.

or he might take from me any gift And I cant think of one thing May we say then that

I might have had. to say!

Sometimes missionaries boast about Humility is royalty without a crown, the number of conversions they Greatness in plain clothes, have made. It is the Holy Ghost Erudition without decoration,

who convinces men and bears wit- "And it was so, that when he had Wealth without display, ness to them the truth of the turned his back to go from Samuel. Power without scepter or force,

gospel. Elders might properly tell God gave him another heart:... Position demanding no preferential

how many baptisms they performed, "... behold, a company of prophrights,

for that is physical; but never would ets met him; and the Spirit of God Greatness sitting in the congregait be appropriate for one to claim came upon him, and he prophesied tion,

to himself the conversion of others. among them."(Ibid., 10:9-10.) Prayer in closets and not in corners

King Saul of Israel is somewhat But Saul was not true to his trust. of the street,

typical of many of us moderns who He lost his humility, performed Fasting in secret without publicabegin their public works with great ordinances unlawfully, disobeyed tion, humility, but lose it as their work the Lord and became unfit for the Stalwartness without a label, becomes routine. He was called by high place he occupied. The Spirit Supplication upon its knees,

revelation through Samuel, the of the Lord departed from Saul. No Divinity riding an ass.

prophet, and called from the stable more revelations for him. The witch

to rule over Israel. In his modesty of Endor was now to be his only May we all be meek and lowly

he had offered to the prophet, inspiration. and humble as our Lord has exem-

"... Am not I a Benjamite, of the In the Book of Mormon Alma plified before us.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GET UP AND GO GLOSSARY

<3K><3k>3k>3K><SK><3<*3k><3<><3k><3k><3k><3k>3*

The essential boneup book for people on the go who want to be in the know. Whether it's a trip through life or a

jaunt to a new view that you're taking, this handbook is for you.

PUBLISHED BY

THE ERA OF YOUTH MARION D. HANKS, EDITOR ELAINE CANNON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR

AUGUST 1963

AUGUST 1963 705 PREFACE

Your Get Up and Go Glossary is easy to use. Read it. Remember what youVe read. Apply it to whatever you are doing,

wherever you are going. Some might say it's a matter of semantics. We say it's a matter of defining the terms of your

; better for you later. life—of knowing what is right for you now

All of the photographs in this Era of Youth were taken by Elder Russ Davey in the Swiss Transportation Museum, Lucerne, Switzerland using as models

LDS teens Ursula Kaelin, Peter Koch, Barbara Riedel, Trudy Schmidhaus,

Heiner Fahneman, Martin Hanselmann, Roland Wuergler.

<SKxO"C*3x><3>

get up (get up) arise, shine; 1. lift oneself from one's

sittingdown spot; 2. move; 3. respond to motivation to

do, become.

go (go) move along (implies not staying in the same place); 1. proceed; advance; progress; 2. extend; reach;

3. to be in motion; act; work; run and not be weary;

4. change direction with new goal in mind.

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA full steam ahead (fiil stem 9 hed') with pistons pumping and bells a ringing, with motivating power revved to top capacity, it's down the road of life you go, bearing your load lightly under proper fuel for the long haul.

".......

: -iW\vsteam (stem) visible exhalation rising from liquid subjected to the action of heat; 1. power; energy; force;

2. The steam which sets your wheels in motion ought to

come from your being on fire about good things.

3. Steam which is not captured and put to use simply

escapes as vapor into thin air; as in cases where people

"let off steam"by getting fired up about the wrongthings.

spark arrester (spark 9 rest'r) a contraption or contrivance to halt small bits of fire, flashes, gleams; e.g. 1. ignoring gospel principles that enlighten; 2. habits that

smother flame of truth—laziness, disinterest, closemindedness, inactivity, false values; 3. Someone who

contrives temptations to extinguish gospel spark in others could be termed a "spark arrester."

gondola sleigh (gon'do la sla) long, narrow seat mounted on runners with a high peak at one end; decorative

dog sled; 1. it's a dog's life trying to get through life

on pull alone; 2. sliding along is the easy way out but

it won't guarantee high peaks; 3. takes a good runner

even to stay in the same place; 4. use a little pull, plenty

of push, and clean, smooth runners to cover the ground swiftly, safely, then the high, decorative features will always be there.

trestle (tres'l) frame used as a support as for carrying railroad tracks across a gap. Habits are the crossbeams

of the trestle of your character. Your character determines the tracks you make in life. The tracks you make

mark the bridge over the gap from here to heaven.

Wrestle with your trestle. Make it fine. Make it firm.

highway interchange (hi'wa In'ter chanj) widely spaced sections routing traffic so that cars may enter or leave the highway and/or pay tolls; 1. life is a highway with

a maze all of its own; 2. Once you start down a highway

it's hard to turn back. There are tolls to pay on some

turns and a good traveler knows where the road goes before he takes it; 3. keep your eyes on the road or

you'll speed past your mark.

carriage (kar Ij) a moving part of a machine that supports some other part; 1. bearing; 2. your carriage has a

great bearing on the support others give you. Hold

your head high as befits a son or daughter of God.

Square your shoulders for the burden of serving the

Lord and your fellow men. 3. One difference between animals and man is a straight back. Check

your carriage.

AUGUST 1963 711 upright engine (up'rit en'jfn) vertical moving machine;

used specifically for transportation up steep mountains.

The climb is easier, safer, more pleasant when you face the obstacles in an upright manner... when you are in

gear for the grade... when your body, specifically

designed for this trip through life, is in shape for the test.

wmmmsmitMia, "'

Pi1 coupling (kupiing) device for attaching parts of machinery; 1. act or process of joining together; 2. check

your couplings carefully. A twosome* can prove gruesome when it gets to be a welded thing. Keep your

couplings well lubricated with the oil of other friendships, more group gatherings, gayer goings, wholesome attitudes.

long range view (long ranj vu) act of sighting from a distance between certain limits; 1. whether it is a mast

of a ship or a goal in your life, even the finest tracings or the loftiest heights can be perceived if perspective is proper; 2. it's the doer, not the viewer, however, who

makes life meaningful and broadens the "certain limits."

helm (helm) ship's steering wheel; 1. entire steering apparatus; 2. principles, standards, teachings, spirit of the

gospel of Jesus Christ should be your helm.

helmsman (helmz'man) steerer of the ship; 1. in terms

of the boymeets-girllets-bothboard-thesame-boat aspect, it is wise to consider that any ship is less likely to flounder if it is in the hands of a skilled, sensitive, knowledgeable, devoted helmsman. A careless girl can

get her head in a whirl over clothes, cars, and compliments and end up roughing it on a reef. But if the

helmsman in her life is a priesthood bearer, worthy of his salt, they'll sail happily through waves of all kinds and dock safely at the proper port; 2. Boys: take note

of your priesthood; 3. Girls: take note of boys who magnify their callings.

wheel (hwel) as in spinning, steering; a round frame

turning on a center shaft; 1. there are big wheels and

little wheels and all are important in their places; 2. as a

wheel, it is all right to be rounded but not a "rounder"3. a proper wheel does more than spin in its place or

simply go around in circles. It is a means of covering

ground, of moving forward. 715

cart (kart) usually horsedrawn vehicle for carrying loads, delivering goods. Some people put the cart before

the horse—they sample the experiences of marriage before they've said their vows or they sneakily drive before

they are licensed or they drop out of school or church activity before they complete the course. Obviously

harder to deliver the goods this way. They usually end

up dumping the load

chassis (shas'i) frame and machinery of a motor vehicle 1. make your chassis attractive, lassie! That goes for

the lads, too. Honking your own horn isn't enough to

insure appeal; 2. never underestimate the value of upkeep, polish, and performance. And how about checking the fringe around your top, too?

compartment (kern part'ment) a separate section within an enclosed space. You won't have to take life's pleasures or problems sitting down if you divide your activities into proper parts. There's a time and place for

every good thing. An organized mind inspires an orderly

life. Compartmentalize your cranium and prepare

for success

model (mod'el) a small copy; example; pattern; prototype; with God as our model, we pattern our lives—our

looks, our thoughts, our actions, our strivings and goals—that we may be a modern model of worth to those

around us and to our Father in heaven.

trolley (trol'i) pulley moving against a wire carrying electricity to a moving vehicle, (colloq. a vehicle to carry

-paying passengers); 1. a trolley can be jolly when the

gang's all there; 2. when your connections are good, you

are on your way to a more festive frolic than any you've known; 3. a ride down the line is fine and a fun change

718 from a mere movie date.

headlight (hed'lit) a bright light at the head of a moving vehicle; 1. let your light so shine that men will not only

see your good works but so that you can see where you are going yourself; 2. get on the beam. Send out your

own shining rays. Pierce the darkness about with a

radiance all your own; 3. the closer you live to the Lord,

the brighter your beam will be; the lovelier your light,

the more effective your rays.

The Last Word

The teacher very carefully described If you happen to get a new idea, don't some of the animals the class had build a barbed wire fence around it and seen at the zoo. "Now,"she said, label it yours. By giving your best

"name some things that are very thoughts freely, others will come to dangerous and have horns."Enthuyou so freely that you will soon never

siastically a little girl replied, "Cars!"think of fencing them in.—Luther Burbank

When you take stuff from one writer it's The footsteps your chilIt's the highest form of selfplagiarism; when you take it from many dren follow are apt to be respect to admit mistakes and

writers it's research.—Wilson Mizner those you took on tiptoe, to make amends for them.

Some vacationing sportsmen in a joking mood stopped when they saw a farmer working in his field. "Did you happen to see a

wagon load of monkeys go by?"they asked.

"Nope,"replied the farmer, "You fall off?"

Woman giving evidence in Rings and jewels are not Fisherman: I tell you,

traffic court: "I was drivgifts, but apologies for gifts. it was that long! I

ing down Main Street with my The only true gift is a pornever saw such a fish husband at the wheel...."tion of thyself.—Emerson Friend: I believe you.

Talent is wanting something Nothing will ever be attempted if all bad enough to work for it. possible objections are first removed.

Life is short, time is precious, and if our desire is to achieve something, we must learn to choose between the husk and the kernel.

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Architects: Lorenzo S. Young and Arnold Ehlers/General Contractors: Paul Paulsen and Alfred Brown Co./Masonry Contractors: Child Construction and H. L. Ashton Sons Co.

Another fine school

built with face brick

Salt Lake City's School Board insists on greatest brick that lays and looks the way it should. And

total value in building materials. Its wisdom is INTERPACE offers the greatest range of shapes, sizes,

reflected in the Highland High School pictured. For colors, and textures, always competitively priced.

both exterior and interior walls, standard 8"Clinton

Rose face brick was supplied by Utah Fire Clay Co.(now interpace). Over one million bricks were used. FACE BRICK

The traditional wall material for fine schools, face 2 A Gladding, McBean building product by beauty. Lastingbrick pays many dividends. MiniIblTERPACE

maintenance. Winter and summer warmth La INTERNATIONAL PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATIONmum

coolness. Comfortable classrooms in which better SEATTLE/SPOKANE/SALTLOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO/LAKE CITY/PHOENIXPORTLAN D

work is done, interpace precision pressing assures

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

How much

.. life insurance is enough

to protect that precious family?

Only you, in consultation with a life insurance counselor in whom you have confidence, can really answer that one. But isn't the answer important enough to deserve the small

amount of time it will take to get the right answers? For reliable counsel on your life

insurance program, call your local Beneficial Life agent... or write Dept. E 63-8